JN THIS ISSUE—

HEBER J. GRANT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

JOSEPH F. MERRILL ALBERT E. BOWEN JUNE, 1936

W. W. HENDERSON GEORGE D. PYPER Volume 39 Number 6

Return Postage Guaranteed SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH..

AFFILIATED

.. WITH Gives You Four News Periods Daily. News

CBS.. by International News & Universal ServiceTHEKSLVOICE OF THE WEST Keep Informed... Tune to KSL.

IT'S NEWSKSL IS THERE WHEN Heber J. Grant,

John A. Widtsoe,

Editors Richard L. Evans,

Managing Editor Marba C. Josephson, Associate Editor Improvement

George Q. Morris, General Mgr.

Clarissa A. Beesley, Associate Mgr. J, K: Orion, Bt4siness Mgr. JUNE. 1936 NUMBER 6 VOLUME 39

"The Glory of God is Intelligence""THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS,

DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENTCOMING COMMITTEE, EDUCATION, MUSIC MENT OF

TEACHERS, OF THE CHURCH AGENCIES AND OTHER

SAINTS. OF JESUS OFIN JULY WARD CHRIST LATTERDAY

THE STORY OF MORMON CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UPBUILDING OF THE

WEST COAST IN FRONTIER DAYS, BY LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, HEAD OF THE

DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN HISTORY AT THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH. CONTENTS

(battonals STORY BRANNAN, OF SAM THE MORFurther Facts on Following Counsel CALIFORNIA'S COLONIST AND MON

FIRST MILLIONAIRE, BY RALPH B. President Heber J, Grant 331

DIVISION JORDAN, PACIFIC COAST NEWS MANAGER OF INTERNATIONAL Death Trap of the Ages John A. Widtsoe 360

SERVICE FORMER NEWS AND MEMBER Living in Season Richard L. Evans 360 BISHOPRIC. OF THE OAKLAND WARD

An Appeal to Youth AN ACCOUNT OF THE SEEMINGLY IMSuperintendency and Presidency of M. L A. 361

POSSIBLE ENGINEERING ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE LOS ANGELES METROPROJECT, BY DR. POLITAN WATER Church c/eatures CONSULTING RICHARD R. LYMAN,

A ENGINEER AND MEMBER OF THE A Message from the President of the Church OF COUNCIL TWELVE. THE

I Heber J, Grant 332 THE STORY OF "HAVILAH—WHERE Churchwide Security Program Organized

THERE YEAR OLDIS GOLD"LADY—AANDFAITHFULA NINETYTWOMEM- Henry A. Smith 333

SITS OF BER Merrill THE F. 342 Loyal CHURCH—WHO to our Heritage Joseph Be We

LIVES A CITY ALONE GHOST AND to Living Better Albert E* Bowen 344 IN AShallGuide FAITH WITH AND COURAGE—BY

NICHOLAS THE CALIFORNIAG. SMITH,MISSION.PRESIDENT OF TheChurchStory ofMovesour HymnsOn, 362; Melchizedek Priesthood,George D.370;Pyper 356

Priesthood, Aaronic 373; Teaching, 371; More Doors Ward

PICTORIAL OF TREATMENT Sessions, 376; Magdalen Opened, Mutual SOME Are Funk MesBUILD- REPRESENTATIVE CHURCH INGS IN CALIFORNIA, OF THE PRESsages, 377; Photos from the Field, 378; A Fireside Study,

OF IDENTS THE CALIFORNIA STAKES, Norman Pierce, 379; Book of Mormon Cantata, 385.

BRIDGES, OF WATER PROJECTS, THE

AND OF HISTORICAL SCENES WHERE

HISTORY MORMON IS INTERWOVEN Specialspecial QJec/ea tares HISTORY. CALIFORNIA WITH

Mormon Tabernacle Choir Sings with the Philadelphia "SPINNING THE CABLES"—A Orchestra 339 ON BUILDING THOUGHTFUL COMMENT BRIDGES AND HABITS, BY ARCHER An Encouragement to Youth..President J* Reuben Clark, Jr. 340

LIFE INSURWILLEY, BENEFICIAL IN The Story Behind Farnsworth Television Fay Ollerton 347 AGENT GENERAL ANCE COMPANY

OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA. With art introduction by Carl F. Eyring

Saving the One I Am With W. W. Henderson 352

A HIGHWAY OVER WATER—BY

BASTOW, ASSISTANT PORT MANAGERJ. G. Twelve out of Twelve Thousand Les Goates 358

OF THE PORT OF OAKLAND, GIVING After the Sheepskin—Then What? Walter White Fife 374

OF ENGINEER'S STORY THE THE SAN Era Campaign Winners 377 BRIDGE. FRANCISCOOAKLAND BAY

A Backward Glance at Dancing J, B. Jennings 380

IN BATTALION THE MORMON Handicaps At Paulson 382 LOS He Scoffs J. R. ANGELES, BENNION OF THE BY GLYNN Acknowledging the Unseen, Barnes, 351. C. Douglas OFFICE. HISTORIAN'S CHURCH

the Universe, Exploring 366; 368; Rack, Book On the

Advertisers, Homing, 372; the Diary of a 369; The From THE 375; MORMON COLONIZATION OF SAN Bishop's Wife, Ours, 392. Your Page and BERNARDINO.

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake QJiction and [Poetry

City, Utah Talking Drums John Scott Douglas 363

CopyrgktImprovement1932,Associationby the YoungCorporationMen's Mutualof the Loose Buttons Pauline Clark 365

Saints. Christ LatterdayChurch of Jesus of Mountains (Part Moving 4) L. Bailey 367 Walter

reserved. rights price,All Subscription Frontispiece, Poetry: Guide His Dad, B. Courtney Lorenzen,$2.00 a year, in advance; 20c Single Copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, 330; Poetry Page, 364; In Humility, Thelma P. Seegmiller,

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance Exile, 370; Davis, Dorothy Marie 372; Prayer, Zelda What is

for special at promailing rate of postage Cristel Picture, Davis 373; Hastings, Howard, 388.

in section forvided of October, 1103, Act 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsiblefor unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes cJhe Ciover and in scene setting Commencement spring will exercise care in handling all HPhis shows Brigham UniYoung contributions. * versity's Building, Education the oldest and picturesque one of the most

structures on the Church University's campus, crowded with fine tradition cherished memories thousands for unnumbered of B. Y. U. students andA MAGAZINE FOR EVERY andalumni. picture, cover illustration the is a composite The capand-gowned

MEMBER OF THE FAMILY figures having been superimposed on the original photograph.

Guide n'S legs are half as long as mineHis stride the same;his He's just a lad—DAD

But how he tries to keep in step

By B. COURTNEY LORENZEN And looks up laughing.

He's so glad To walk with his Dad any place;

Father in HeavenYour help!

Please guide his Dad.

Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

Further facts on FOLLOWING COUNSEL By PRESIDENT HEBER J.GRANT

PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

(Continuing a remarkable story begun in the

THE March issue of The ImMarch issue, President Grant, Editorin-

INprovement Era I related the wonChief of "The Improvement Era,"here relates further derful blessings that my dear facts concerning the benefits and blessings that come friend, Richard W. Young, received from following counsel.

by obeying the advice and counsel of President John Taylor. But the

remarkable record of good fortune that resulted from following the adHe said that he would not think was very much concerned about vice of President Taylor was no of such a thing as speaking to Presleaving his unsettled obligations. But

more wonderful than the result of ident Woodruff about returning to while he was still in the Philippines

Richard's obeying the counsel of the army, and further remarked: one of the corporations in which

is one of the most tenderRichard had twelve thousand dollarsPresident Wilford Woodruff, suc- "He cessor to President Taylor. hearted men in the world; he is as worth of stock at par value, and

tenderhearted as a woman; I feel which was worth only nine thousand

Richard W. Young, like me and sure he would not advise me to when he joined the army, paid a

many others, invested quite heavily volunteer."special cash dividend of one hundred

in UtahIdaho Sugar stock which, I replied: "Do you accept me, per cent, and during Richard's abat the time, paid a very generous Richard, as an Apostle of the Lord sence paid dividends of from ten

dividend, and many borrowed Jesus Christ, with authority to call to twenty per cent regularly. Soon

money to make this investment. people on missions?"after his return home it paid a

When the trouble broke out beHe answered: "I certainly do."special dividend of forty per cent.

tween the United States and Spain I said: "All right, as an Apostle, These two special dividends, to say

I was visiting Richard in his office, I call you on a mission to go to Presnothing of the large regular diviand he remarked that as a graduate ident Wilford Woodruff, and ask dends that were paid, netted him of West Point it was his duty to for his advice as to your returning enough to cancel all of his debts and volunteer again to enter the army. to the army, and your mission is to leave him a home and some other

He thought that he would probably follow that advice and counsel, no valuable property in addition.

have the rank and pay of a major, matter how much you dislike to do and stated that his compensation as so. I will stay right here in your '"The increase in the value of Rich-

a major would not pay onehalf of office until you return and report."ard's securities while he was in

the interest on his debts, but honor He said: "Darn you, Hebe the Philippine Islands was very

and duty demanded his return to Grant."He picked up his hat and remarkable. The war with Spain

the army. went to see President Woodruff, lasted but a short time. After the

I replied that it would take ten looking anything but happy. war he was appointed by the govertimes as much courage to remain He returned smiling, and said:

home and not enter the army, and I "President Woodruff is as full of advised him to consult President fight as an egg is full of meat. He

Wilford Woodruff and take his adremarked, 'If you don't go back to vice, stating that if President Woodthe army, Brother Young, after ruff advised him to remain at home, graduating from West Point, you

I felt he ought to accept that advice will disgrace the name you bear, and notwithstanding the ridicule that it will be a reflection upon your dear might come to him by doing so. I dead grandfather, President Brigsaid: "There may be some special ham Young'."

labor that the Lord has for you to Richard was very happy. He

perform that is of more importance took President Woodruff's advice, than for you to volunteer and go to joined the army, and went to the RICHARD W. YOUNG

the Philippines where perhaps you Philippines, notwithstanding the might lose your life."fact that he was heavily in debt, and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

norgeneral of the Philippine Islands, Taft, (afterwards William H.

president of the States ) one A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF United of Court the Supreme Judges of the THE CHURCHIslands, appointed and he was also to write the code for the islands. THE PRESIDENCIES OF STAKES AND BISHOPRICS OF WARDS

record while an excellent madeHe Project in the Concerning the MakeWork

Philippines, thein the gained and Districts BeetGrowing love and confidence of that splendid Salt Lake City, Utah.

man, William H. Taft, who ever April 21, 1936.

Presidencies of Stakes and Bishoprics of Wardsafterwards was a friend not only To

Brethren: Dear

of Richard W. Young, but of the for each Project outline for is a suggestive following a MakeWork THE people.Mormon districts Idaho, which in the beetgrowing in the Church of Utah and ward

Ballard, }. Harold to Austin, submitted Elders has been and by me Mark returned Richard to Utah When will that other has Lee, committee be added a been members appointed—andMelvinhe resumed his law practice, and the of take Church: care was B.to of the unemployed members

one of the prosperous, successful That the bishopric of each ward be requested to select and secure at lawyers of our state. Subsequently, once one hundred or more acres of land suitable for sugar beets from the various

as we all know, he was blessed of wherefarmerspossibleof his wardand insuitable,tracts ofthatnotwouldless thannot oneotherwiseacre forbe eachplantedfarmerto beets,and morefor the Lord by being chosen to preside which the farmer is to receive as rent on the land one dollar a ton for each over the Ensign Stake of Zion, one ton of beets raised and a minimum of not less than ten dollars an acre for the of the important stakes of the use oi the land and water.

for is selected, at set apart the Just as as land should soon once be a day Church, and he made a splendid properly to to the farmers equipment or prepare with donate days one morestake president. the beets plant the necessary manure manuring the land and where and by where

If for available. planting, the prepared has not land, when out is the broke World War When

irrigated then planting. it should before be and reworked Nosufficientbeets shouldmoisture,be to returned againhe the army, and in dry planted ground.

was made a brigadiergeneral. BeWhile we realize it is a little late, at least a reasonable tonnage may be

cause of his experience and educasecured if the land is selected, prepared, and planted within the next week or ten tion at West Point, he was detailed days, the quicker the better.

to train soldiers, and was in charge and whoWhenis theusedbeetsto theare work,ready shouldto cultivate,be selectedthe farmerto cultivatewith a suitableabout tencultivator,acres of of one of the large training camps, those beets as many times during the season as is necessary to properly take care

Fort Kearney. I had the pleasure of the crop. He is to donate this part of the work.

of visiting with him and the late When the time comes to harvest, another day should be set apart for the

Brigham H. Roberts, the chaplain, market,farmers freeof theof wardcharge.(a Onesufficientgroupnumber)of farmersto plowcould outprepareand thehaulsoilthewithbeetstheirto

while they were at Kearney. teams and equipment; another group could do the cultivating; and another group

puller, the could of the group beets plowing another out with do and beet a in only time a short Richard was farmer that distributed the that could haul beets the so in order be could no work article a fine wrote he Europe when help the to days'during season to donate be asked would than a more work few for The Improvement Era. The out those who have no employment.

Armistice having been signed almost Then the bishopric could divide up the acreage, ranging from five to ten immediately after Richard's arrival acres to a family, according to the size of the family, to do the hand work;

overseas, he did not actively parnamely,and topping,the thinning,and loadingthe hoeing,the sameirrigating,into thekeepingwagon theat thebeetstimeclean,of harvesting.the pulling

ticipate in the World War, except These families should be selected where available who are suitable for this in the training camp. kind of work so that proper work will be done to secure the highest possible

tonnage, even though the lands are not very choice and the season is a little late.

In my former article regarding At least ten to twelve tons to the acre should be secured if proper selection

Richard W. Young, I quoted the and work is done at the right time and in the right way under the direction of

hymn in full entitled "God Moves the bishopric of the ward, or some suitable man whom they may appoint who farmer beets. the understands of a good and growing in Certainly is a Mysterious Way."

thinning, laborers should receive at time the of advance an payment The a very wonderful did move inGod irrigating, the hoeing, that able they and so is done be when the work may and mysterious way in blessing my during the summer while the crop is growing. If ten tons of beets are togrownlive

near and dear friend when he folan acre, or a minimum of fifty dollars an acre, after the rent of a minimum of lowed the advice of President Tayten dollars an acre and the cost of seed, phosphate, and fertilizer has been lor, and also I feel to a much greater andeductedacre, theof fivelaborerdollarsshouldto sixhavedollarsat leastan acre,aboutmakingthirty adollarstotal ofansixteenacre, ordollarsone extent when he followed the advice hundred fifty for the hand work on five acres, or three hundred for the hand work of President Woodruff. on ten acres where the team work, as above mentioned, has been donated by

the people, which would help these people who are out of employment. This

Faith is a gift of God, and when cooperative work will be helpful both to the people whoi donate the team work people have faith to live the Gospel, and the people who receive the benefit of the same through this plan of coand to listen to the counsel of those operation.

it If this all is to solved, people unemployment the be must be done by in preside and stakes, the wardswho is start find helping together to employment, other if the working and each and of Authorities General of the and for this season, the preparation another season more can and be made made the Church, it has been my experiproject extended so that it will become a material benefit and absorb a large ence that they have been abundantly percentage of the unemployed. There is a market for all the sugar that can be

blessed of the Lord, and that many grown and plenty of factories to extract the sugar.

of them have come out of great Sincerely your brother, financial and other difficulties in a most miraculous and wonderful way. "Obedience is better than

sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams."

Churchwide SECURITY PROGRAM Prepared by Henry A. Smith; approved by the General ORGANIZED

Committee of the Church Security Program

evidence that those people were

Thlders Melvin J. Ballard, Harold B. Lee, Mark happy and prosperous; they had

Austin, Campbell M. Brown, and Stringam their independence; they earned by

A. Stevens appointed General Committee for the the "sweat of their brows;"and that

Church by the First Presidency and Presiding Bishopricwhich they possessed was rightfully regional, STAKE, AND WARD PROJECTS LAUNCHED. theirs. While the world about was

suffering under weighty problems, yet unsolved, this little community, "It is indeed surprising, in these days of practical religion. It provides for organized under God's plan, had

political reform, concerningcontroversy and security the temporal and solution. the growth found

thedomestic and economy, communism his spiritual like of as well as for Their program man is not to be conthe greatest subjects, discussedkindred by intellects of the age without practical results salvation. Within the Gospel plan fused with the United Order. It

that... A Mormon community at that, as revealed through the Prophet was not a community of living symsteadily successfullyshould demonand be

feasibility indusJoseph Smith, are principles which, bolized by the "long table,"but itstrating the of uniting the tries of a whole community and resolving if adhered to, will make Latterday was a community of enterprise. Each

them into a commonwealth."Saints independent of disasters man willing to work was permitted

which befall the world. to do so, because under the plan

opening quotation could Sixty years ago, the Saints, facing there was work to do and ample political, social economic, andTHIS for probcompensation that work. well be a paragraph from a today, banded to ours of lems similar years ago the world More than six

newspaper of today, but it is in together and attacked their problem was afflicted with what we have part the lead paragraph of an article unitedly under the Lord's plan. called the depression. Men who

which appeared in The Deseret They demonstrated to the world the had been employed for years were

News sixty years ago, under date power of cooperative enterprise with thrown out of work as the social of September 20, 1876. Described a unity of purpose—and that purorder of things changed. For many

therein are conditions similar to pose was to find constructive emmonths prosperity was "just around those confronting the world today ployment for everyone and provide the corner."Soon the savings and

and seemingly no practical results economic security for all who would resources of these people vanished follow the deliberations of "the labor. and there became widespread congreatest intellects of the age."By reading farther in that article ditions of actual want.

The Gospel of Jesus Christ is a of sixty years ago we find ample The government, still puzzling

PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY

THE FIRST PRESIDENCY OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS UNDER WHOSE DIRECTION

THE CHURCHWIDE SECURITY PROGRAM WAS ORGANIZED

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

over a solution for its stepchild, in the region, from tithing in kind, the needs of the ward and the capadepression, came forth with needed from private donations, or from bilities of the unemployed. Some

relief. But months and years have community projects; ( 2 ) To see that suggested activities are: drying and

passed with still no adequate change there is no waste; (3) To establish preserving vegetables and fruits;

in unemployment conditions. Al- a centrally located storehouse or providing clothing and bedding; reready indications are that the govother facilities necessary to serve habilitating ranches, farms, garernment appropriations and the the entire region in the collection dens, or orchards; working on

relief thus available will be curtailed. and preservation of relief materials; Church properties; projecting civic

"Decognizing that something must cooperation( 4 ) To makethroughoutpossible thethe Churchutmost fication;and communityoperatingenterprises;wood yards,beauticoal

be done for the relief and unemin the economical marketing, equitmining; and assisting widows, sick,

ployment situation, and also realizable distribution, and efficient transand aged.

foring necessity the providing a portation or other of produce maAll committees groups wheand its members wouldmeans whereby terials direccentralized a through in ther stakes are appointed or wards financial to returned independbe ) tion; ( a wise toward work To 5 regularly orwithin established the of to the restoredence courage and of labor balancing congested from is ganizations of the Church. Thissocial of security, the Jesus Church or farming, mining, centers larger to true general superalso the with Saints Latterday ofChrist has now districts industrial productive where is visory appointed committee which is its It plan. with forwardcome selffor labor be provided might First direction Presof the the under but of years sixty ago, thenot plan maintenance. Bishopric the Presiding idency and principle of theone same based on

cooperative enterprise. It is a reThe plan includes the organizato assist in the details of carrying

storing of the old system of the tion of employment committees in forward this entire project. A Genbishop's storehouse, for many years every ward of the region. This eral Church Committee has been apthe economic salvation of the piocommittee is composed of a member pointed consisting of Elder Melvin

neers as they banded together to of the bishopric, the chairman of J. Ballard of the Council of the

subdue the wilderness. each of the Melchizedek Priesthood Twelve, and Elders Harold B. Lee,

The program, now introduced to welfare committees, leader of Adult Mark Austin, Campbell M. Brown,

the entire Church and known as the Aaronic Priesthood class, president and Stringam A. Stevens.

Churchwide Security plan, is of the Ward Relief Society and the So it is seen, in brief summary, briefly as follows: ward work director. The duties of that the organization adheres to the

Stakes have been grouped tothis committee are varied and inorganization of the Church, begingether in regions. Over these retensive. Principally they must make ning first with the First Presidency,

gions are executive councils com- a survey of the unemployed in each the Council of the Twelve, and the posed of the stake presidents of each ward, keep an active record, report Presiding Bishopric, with a general stake in the group. One of these continuously to the stake work dicommittee to assist. Thence extendstake presidents is chosen as chairrectors and the regional executive ing to the regional executive comman and another selected as vicecommittee, and be in a position to mittee which controls the regional

chairman. supply workers of various classes storehouse, and from there to the

Each region is to have a central upon request of the stake director. stake and ward relief committees,

storehouse and an organization to One important duty of this comwhich in turn have control of the control it. This storehouse organimittee is to devise makework prostake and ward employment and

zation is established for five purjects within the ward, adapted to work committees. Under the stake

poses: ( 1 ) To collect and preserve relief organization each bishop of

all surplus commodities, such as a ward forms a bishop's executive foodstuffs, feed for livestock, clothcouncil which directly controls a ing, and furniture, from any ward bishops'storehouse organization

BISHOP DAVID A. SMITH BISHOP SYLVESTER Q. CANNON BISHOP JOHN WELLS

THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC OF THE CHURCH, WHO, WITH THE FIRST PRESIDENCY AND OTHERS OF THE

GENERAL AUTHORITIES WILL ASSIST IN DIRECTING THE CHURCHWIDE SECURITY PROGRAM AND ASSUME

RESPONSIBILITY FOR ITS FURTHERANCE.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

CHART SHOWING RELATIONSHIP OF VARIOUS UNITS

RESPONSIBLE IN A CHURCHWIDE SECURITY PROGRAM

GENERAL AUTHORITIES

GENERAL COMMITTEE

I REGIONAL STOREHOUSE ORGANI 2 A Tl ON

I: Presidents of Stakes in Regional Ex. Council.

2-Oneof Stake PresidentsChairman

WORK PROJECTS, 3* Manager Regional StorehouseSecretary

AS FEASIBLE 4"Stenographer5 -Bookkeeper -'Receiving & Distributing Clerks l Farm and Orchard 6- Truck Drivers 2"Canning Facilities I 3- Lumber - Coal - Texti les STAKE RELI E F 4"Mercantile Depots Exchange ORGANI ZAT I ON 5"Depots Exchange Dairy Products 6 Flour Mills I.-StakePresidency - ADvrsoRS

7"Other Feasible Projects 2-Member Stake PresidencyChairman 3- Chairman Bishops'ExecutiveCouncil 4- President of Stake Relief Society 5-Stake Work Director.

6-5take ClerkAuditor &. Secretary

7- Stake Recreational Organization

BISHOPS'EXECUTIVE COUNCIL 1 A Ward BishopChairman 2 All Ward Bishops -Members 3 Storehouse Manager -Secretary WARD RELIEF

ORGANI ZAT ION BISHOPS'STOREHOUSE

WA R D ORGANI Z ATI ON 2-t - WardWard PresidentBishopof&lief SocrtTY

Ward Relief Society Social ServiceEMPLOYMENT COMMITTEE I Manager 3 2 Stenographer. Workers

I- Member, of BishopricChairman 3 Bookkeeper,2,-Chairman Welfare Committee High Priests 2uo. 4 Storekeepers

3- '. "Seventies 5 Truck Drivers

4* """Elders. 6 Director Womens Division

5 Leader Adult Aaronic Riiesthood Class 7 Project Foremen 6- President Ward Relief Society T '7- Director. Ward Wo rk

WARD RECREATIONAL RGANI Z A.T ION

I- Ward Bishopric - Advisors 2- WardY.NUYWM.IAPres.denc.es

3 Primary Presidency 4 Recriation al Directors

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

This map of the stakes of the Church shows their grouping into regions for the new Church Security Program as explained

IN THE ACCOMPANYING ARTICLE. The KEY IN

THE LOWER LEFT HAND CORNER, GIVES THE

IDENTITY OF THE REGIONS.

.PASADENA v SAN Be*NA*B*0 OGDEN REG/ON AOGJN REG/ON RROVO REG/ON oocoooooooaooo A/ERN/ REG/ON iNiifii-iiiiiMiii-

R/CHF/ELD /PEG/ON ST GEORGE REG/ON ROCATELLO nrcinhJ BURIEY REGION RRESTON REGION i n 1, 1 1,,, H 1 1 1 //ESER C/TY REGION xxxx*xx*xx OAKLAND REG/ON ---'- /.OS ANGELES REG/OH.

MESA REG/ON =. -.<-. *r

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

'"This program has two objectives, respective presidencies of stakes, in sets out to do. However, there

one of which is immediate and every ward in the region, a program seems to be a very strong sentiment the other ultimate. The immediate that will accumulate by October conamong the membership of the

objective to create a surplus of foodference sufficient food and clothing Church, and especially among those stuffs and other commodities during and fuel to provide for every needy whose responsibility it is to take the the summer months and to provide family through the winter."lead in the program, that it must

work for all employable persons Under this program it is not suffiand will succeed.

who are now receiving assistance cient for each stake to take care of Presidencies of stakes and bishfrom the Church, its own people. The responsibility oprics of wards in the whole of the

The ultimate objective is to set up of the stake presidencies and even Church have assembled in various within the Church an organization the regional officers is to care for meetings to form permanent organito make it possible for the Church as many people as possible. And zations. In each region officers

eventually to take care of all of its herein is one of the most important have been chosen and activities have people exclusive of government relief features of the entire program, and already been of a nature that promand to assist them in placing themthe one which if successfully followises an attainment of the objective.

selves on a financially independed will perhaps mean most toward In each stake committees have been ent basis. Church authorities point achieving the ultimate objective. It setup and bishop's storehouse counout as one of the reasons for this is the feature of exchange. cils have been created.

ultimate objective the supposition Surpluses in one section of the Attention, in all of these stakes that large government expenditures Church are to be preserved from and wards, is now being turned tofor relief must soon end and there waste in storehouses and will be ward the fostering of makework must be a means of security prosubject to call from other regions projects. Surveys have been made

vided for the Church membership. which will have other commodities to determine the number of unemfamilies needing persons for and labor exchange. It ployed perhaps

is for or set objective immediate The simplified relief. been index has is AuthorGeneral the desired by A

1, 1936.accomplishment October by

it posof wards, the making will ities provided provide that it a means cite duties of the Instructions as one classiinto various segregate sible to will farmpermit distribution which organizastorehouse the regional of tion "to set in motion through the ers in one section to use all available fication? those needing work. The

lands for production, for laborers and tradesmen in another section of work to a full capacity in order that all may have work to do and that none shall be found in want.

One factor in the ultimate success of the entire program will be the initiative displayed on the part of those placed in positions of responsibility. As those in charge make use

of all available sources of producing both work and commodities, and devise new projects for these purposes, so will the success of the program be.

A llto INaccomplishall it willwhatbe nothiseasyprogramtask

THESE FIVE MEN CONSTITUTE THE

GENERAL COMMITTEE OF THE CHURCH

SECURITY PROGRAM AS AT PRESENT

MELVIN J. BALLARD ORGANIZED. (SEE CHART PAGE 335.) HAROLD B. LEE

34 i

MARK AUSTIN STRINGAM A. STEVENS CAMPBELL M. BROWN

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936 surveys have also determined the HHhis new Church Security proceive when it is possible for them to most effective makework projects gram—in reality an adaptation do so. President J. Reuben Clark,

available in wards and stakes. of the former program—may demJr., and President David O. McKay,

In many sections these makework onstrate itself to be a solution to our have been united with President projects are in the nature of agrigrave national problems. That the Grant in organizing and projecting

cultural enterprises. Other sections world is watching the Church in its this Churchwide Security Plan.

are engaged in establishing small undertaking, is evidenced from the Presiding Bishop Sylvester Q.

industrial undertakings which fit into fact that announcement of the proCannon, who presides over the temtheir communities. gram has been carried to all parts of poral affairs of the people, has also

Paying tithing in terms of pounds the country by newspaper service. taken an active part in the regional

of butter, dozens of eggs, bushels of In speaking at regional organizaorganization meetings, speaking in grain, pecks of potatoes, pounds of tion meetings, Elder Ballard has dissupport of the program for making meat, and tons of hay, was common cussed the importance of success in work and establishing projects that practice in pioneer days. It was this new program. He has dewill be for permanent employment

perhaps the greatest means of creatscribed the effectiveness of the as well as lasting benefit to coming surpluses in the bishop's storeChurch organization and governmunities and the Church memberhouse, whereby the needy were ment and has appealed to the misship.

taken care of. This was supplesionary spirit of Latterday Saints Stake President Harold B. Lee is

brought into the welfare organization with a wealth of experience

I / gained from operation of a program in his own stake similar to that being projected for the Church. President

Lee has proved that it can be done and that it is a program worthy of the support of the entire Church and to him is falling the task of completing much of the detail of organization.

In this program every effort is being made to preserve the moral stamina of the people. Work is to

be provided that charity will not be necessary.

Brigham Young once said in reference to giving of charity:

"My experience has taught me, and it has become a principle with

ABOVE BUILDINGIS ANHOUSINGOLD PHOTOGRAPHAN EARLY CHURCHOF THE urging them to rally to the call of me, that it is never any benefit to

COOPERATIVE PROJECT AT BRIGHAM their leaders. give out and out, to man or woman,

CITY, UTAH. He has also likened this new unmoney, food, clothing or anything

mented by produce from Churchdertaking to the other objectives of else, if they are ablebodied and can owned or Churchoperated farms, the Church during the century of its work and earn what they need, when industries, and cattle ranches. The existence, and declares that the there is anything on earth for them

Iimportant thing was that there was Church has a greater opportunity to to do. This is my principle and

a surplus on hand and an efficient attract the attention of the deprestry to act upon it. To pursue a consystem of storing and distributing sionridden world by showing them trary course would ruin any comand no one who was willing to work the way out with this new coopermunity in the world and make them

went without. ative program than it did in the conidlers."

This system faded into the backquering of the great western desert. History records that this was not

ground when days of growth and Another factor behind the suconly the policy but the practice of prosperity spread among the comcessful inauguration of the Security Brigham Young and it is a restoramunities of the Latterday Saints. program is the appeal of President tion of this ideal that prompts

People had little trouble in finding Heber }. Grant, made at many of Church leaders today in their new

profitable employment. Tithing was the regional organization meetings efforts.

paid in cash from wages received. that he has attended. President So now the Church moves along

Church "hard times"cooperatives Grant urges its success and appeals to a greater objective. It has its

dwindled because they were not for the cooperation of all leaders. Security program. It now has its

needed to provide employment. The burden of President Grant's organization completed and is pointNow instead of a condition of discussions is an appeal for the meming steadily toward its goal of "takprosperity, the country finds itself bers of the Church to return to the ing care of its own members."It

confronted with unemployment, and strength which comes with financial is an immense undertaking and a badly in need of a system of disindependence and industry. He exprogram that will not attain its ultitribution that will carry a surplus plains that it appears that some mate objective without the faith and

from one section to another where it members of the Church desire to brotherhood, unselfish cooperation is needed and handle it with little make paupers of themselves rather of Latterday Saints in all parts of or no waste. than work for that which they rethe Church.

Deatrtt News Staff Photo.

THE PHILADELPHIA SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA AND THE SALT LAKE TABERNACLE CHOIR AS THEY APPEARED

WHEN THEY PERFORMED TOGETHER IN THE MORMON TABERNACLE, TUESDAY EVENING, MAY 5, 1936.

tabernacle choirMormon SINGS WITH THE PHILADELPHIA SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA Leopold Stokowski voices high praise for worldrenowned choral organization on the occasion of his orchestra's concert in the Salt Lake Tabernacle, May 5, 1936.

of the musicacoustically-unexcelled Tabernacle.Music lovers

loving Inland West were The appearance of the two organiwitnesses and auditors of a zations combined was arranged in rare combination of superlatives on response to Mr. Stokowski's prethe occasion of the Philadelphia vious request.

Symphony orchestra's Salt Lake The distinguished conductor reCity concert May 5, 1936, when, hearsed briefly with the choir immeunder the direction of Leopold Stodiately before the concert, with kowski, the famous orchestra joined Frank W. Asper at the Tabernacle

with the Mormon Tabernacle choir (Continued on page 372) and organ to sing the majestic HalSIVELEOPOLDHANDSSTOKOWSKITHAT ANDBRINGTHE MUSICALEXPRESlelujah Chorus from the Messiah by COLOR AND WARMTH AND FINE

Handel, under the roof of the SHADINGSYMPHONY FROMORCHESTRA.THE PHILADELPHIA

encouragement to An YOUTH By PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

HPhis "Encouragement to Youth""V"OUTH, * BEG YOU 'LISTEN NOT TO THOSE WHO WOULD originally presented by Pres- * was BELIEVE TODAY YOU HAVE THAT YOU NO MAKE address, de ident as a radio Clack

IS YOU, OPEN TO THAT NO PLACE NOT YOU MAY the facilities livered through of CHANCE, THAT

Kansas City's Station KMBC and the ACHIEVE, THAT TO GIVE YOU A PLACE IN THE SUN THIS WORLD MUST

Columbia Broadcasting system on BE OVERTURNED AND A NEW WORLD MADE. ERROR NOT TRUTH CRIES

29, 1936. Because Sunday, March of THAT ROAD TO YOUTH."

its challenging nature note and timely it has been adapted and reprinted here for the readers of "The Improve* ment Era."which I speak. All the wealth, May I urge Youth to ask itself

skill, and knowledge of Rome could these questions: Have these things

neither make nor keep a picture of come to us through our own labor men or events in true form, tone, or and skill and industry? Have we

Jesus, speaking to the Jews, said: color, only in painting and cold hard spent the long, dreary days and

"Ye shall know the truth and the marble, but now the poorest may nights, the hours first of hope then of truth shall make you free."see, from day to day, the very movdespair, till finally truth showed her

The troubled Pilate asked Jesus ing counterpart of men and events, shining, glorious face? Have we

"What is truth?"While then silent with all the warmth of life; he may gone through the trials, the hardbefore Pilate, the Lord was later to see, learn, and become wise from ships; have we made the sacrifices;

tell us that "truth is knowledge of the very likeness of the unfolding of have we endured the scant living, things as they are, and as they were man's development, his tasks, his perhaps the outright hunger and and as they are to come."struggles, and his victories. cold, which all these cost? For,

If youth will now but get this In the days of Rome, man's voice Youth, nothing of your inheritance truth of things as they are and as carried only the distance that a shout has come without a price paid by they were, it will bring with it the might go through the air; now, in someone, sometime, somewhere.

blessings of a neverending happiless time than the voice so carried a May Youth not be forced by the to facts to this: answer "No! Ourness feet, it encircles globe. the in this life and in the world to thousand

all fathers fathers gave and theircome. friends, carry you You greet on this to us."

I would like to ask our youth business across continents and over May I ask you not to believe that carefully to scan the now of worldly oceans. And so on through an endyour fathers never grew weary, that

things. Most of you have read more less catalogue, but the point is clear. their way never seemed long, that

or less of history, more or less of their hope did not fade, that fear science and its past and present. did not clutch their hearts, that they

Let your mind go back over all you had no need for courage, nor for have read of the past and see if in willingness to work, nor for the any land or among any people the power of will to do no matter what youth or the old, in any age, had a the odds, nor that sometimes their tithe of the worldly comforts which food was not meagre, their bodies are yours. The things you feel are not scantily clad, their roofs not so

necessities pass the wildest dreams thin that the rain beat through. Do

the ancients had of ease and luxury. not believe, I beg of you, that your

The mightiest of Rome's proudest fathers came suddenly into all these emperors plowed through mud or things without effort, even as you bounced along over cobbled roads in have done. Jobs were no more plen-

—fourhis slowgoing,to five mileshorsedrawnan hour—whilechariot tifullookedforforthemwork thanjust asforyouyou;do; theythey

you glide on aircushioned tires over were no oftener able than are you to paved roads, fifty to sixty miles an find work at the thing they wished to hour. do most. The world was just as cold

The whole resources of the great to them as it seems to you. Indeed,

Roman empire could not send a mesit was colder, for there is in the sage any faster than man or horse world today a deal more of kindlicould run over the earth or than rude ness, of helpfulness, of common husailing craft could move across the manity than when your fathers, now sea, yet you may listen, though ten about to leave you, began their work.

thousand miles away, and hear me Youth, I beg you, listen not to now even at the very instant in those who would make you believe

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

that today you have no chance, that invention has made the world poorer no place is open to you, that you may and man less happy. Before you

not achieve, that to give you a place believe that falsehood, measure in in the sun this world must be overyour mind the life you lead against turned and a new world made. Error that led by your grandfather. Make

not truth cries that road to Youth. It your mind clear about each thing

comes from those with narrow vision you have that you are willing to give and scant understanding or else from up for what he had. Will it be your

those who would seemingly destroy railroads, paved roads, and autothe great empire of knowledge which mobiles, for his dirt roads, horses man has wrenched from the vast and saddles, and lumber wagons?

domains of the unknown and would Will it be your "movie"for his ocput man back into the caves and casional theatre, good or bad; or

forests. your modern daily newspaper with

Every time the ring of the known its illustrations and news from the pushes out, it brings into view more remote corners of the earth, for his sheet, of all yours barren weekly is infinite.of the unknown—which for possesses? radio Will it be your truthScience has vouchsafed no

which does not open new doors to his profound silence; your bath room

further knowledge and every bit of for his wash tub; your warm house

knowledge which comes to man for his icy one except the kitchen;

makes life better and easier; it opens your winter fruits from tropic climes

new fields for labor, and offers new for his wilted apples from the cellar;

empires for conquest. your varied canned fruits and vegetables for his dried corn and pump-

'T'o you, Youth of today, your kin; your silk hose for his cotton or

fathers bequeath all they have woolen socks; your fine comfortable

gained without your paying any underwear for his red flannel shirts;

price to them. But this does not your easy shoes for his boots made

mean that you may seize all this and by the corner cobbler?

make it your own without labor. Consider all these, for all are inGod has ordained in His infinite volved in this much touted casting

wisdom that while man may pass to away of our machine age. And we

those who follow him, without price have not mentioned the great culpaid to him by them, the things of tural things which modern invention machines have brought to us.this earth—the things which moth and

and rust corrupt and thieves break May I urge Youth to be practical?

in and man may not freely If any have selfpity, throw it away. steal—yet

bequeath (though he may make Selfpity is the canker that will derecord thereof) the things of the stroy character.

mind and of the spirit, to be taken Look for work; not finding it at

without labor by those whom he once, try again. This was the

would favor. Under God's plan course your fathers took. Not findevery man shall have of the things of ing what you would like, take what

the mind and of the spirit those only you can get; so did your fathers.

which he shall himself conquer. We A thousand jobs are open to you

may quarrel with this law; we may which did not exist when your father

whine about it, but we cannot overwas young. This world holds inturn it, for it is founded on infinite finitely more for you than it held for

wisdom. It is as fixed as eternity your fathers.

itself. Arise, singing, in the early mornAll men face this law and have ing and rejoice with the birds; spread

had to face it since the beginning, out your wings of hope to the rising and Youth would be foolish, indeed, sun of a new and better day; twitter

to allow anything to blind its view not to bed with folded wings in of this truth. Youth must not let the fading glow of a dying day. The

selfpity crush their courage, or world—a greater world than yourdrown their industry, or blot out fathers knew—is yours. But you

hope. must overtake and seize it with

The world holds for Youth every hands of iron, and grip it that it shall job it held for their fathers and all not slip from you, for it will never those which their fathers have added thrust itself upon you, nor lie idly by their conquests of the unknown. and limply in your hands once it has

Every step forward in science adds been caught.

a new job. Youth, do not allow Ye shall seek, then find, then

anyone to make you believe the know the truth, and the truth shall chaosmaking falsehood that modern make you free.

be loyal to Shall we our HERITAGE?

By DR. JOSEPH F.MERRILL

Sometime ago a friend in writing Of the Council of the Twelve and President to me discussed the characterof the European Mission istics of the average missionary of the Church today in contrast to those of the missionary of a gener- A THOUGHTFUL AMERICAN OVERSEAS LOOKS AT AMERICA IN ation ago. The new missionary toPERSPECTIVE, AND SPEAKS HIS THOUGHTS ON AFFAIRS OF CHURCH,

day is younger, less experienced, GOVERNMENTS, PERSONAL CHARACTER, AND THE MODERN SOCIAL less stable in his habits, has been ORDER.

more given to commercial pleasures, is more free with his money, but is equally ambitious to be a good missionary. These differences, the American people to the conditions prevail; now he appears to be a perfriend asserted, are due to differprevailing forty years ago, one sees son willing to advocate any popular

ences in conditions now and then. great differences. Politically, the doctrine as a means of getting into

And so his letter started me to form of government is much the office and, once there, to take any thinking. same, but the principles and activstand on public questions that he

Are conditions today more or less ities of government are very differthinks will keep him there.

favorable than formerly to character ent. (We are talking of the FedSo it happens that office holders,

development, to strong personality, eral Government.) Industrially, a bearing the same party name, are

and to rugged adulthood? Are these vast change has taken place. The often as far apart in their views as

conditions adversely affecting the small industrialist has nearly passed political poles can possibly be. They

character of the more mature peoout of the picture and in his place "stand by the president"in the cample? If both the young and the old we have a few giant corporations. paign but when in office often throw

are being adversely affected, then The independent worker, then free him overboard and steer an indethere is cause for extreme regret and to do as he pleased, has cast his lot pendent course. Where is there adgeneral alarm. with a union and obeys the instrucherence to principle, consistency in

are Socially, his chiefs. of tions we stability position in conduct, and I become experienced more The that so great changes of in the midst in politician with the average Amer- I was thankful I am thatthe more entirely life is being on outlook the ica Recently today? man a young

born on the frontier and reared unchanged. Religiously, we have asked what I thought of politics as conpioneer of rigors hard theder of authority the discarded largely that a career. answer was My sixty from existed theyditions as divinity of Jesus Bible to the as in and the being trends present America

seventy years ago in northern Utah Christ, though some still give Him they are, if he would rather "be right and southern Idaho. I know what a form of lip service. To a very than president,"he would likely not

poverty is, what struggles mean, and great extent we have become inget far in politics.

I have some idea of their disciplinary different to the church and ceased values. Besides, I have observed to cherish sacred things. In saying *\17e have spoken of politics only

life in easy financial circumstances. these things I am, of course, speakto illustrate the sweeping

These experiences have enabled ing of the American people as a changes that have taken place in me to observe how people live under whole. America during the last forty years.

various conditions of plenty and of In the olden days political parties Our concern might well be whether poverty. It is to these varied ophad definite creeds to which they there are corresponding changes in

portunities that I am largely inadhered with more or less tenacity. the character of the average Amerdebted for what I know of life and There was a rather definite cleavage ican! Politics seem to have taken

of its problems and of how people between the parties. They prided on the character of shifting sands.

react to their environment. Inevithemselves on their "principles."Would it not be a sad day for

environment; true of to this ever I react should America betably my is today? the situation To What

reacts in citizens? each of its character personal the But does.everyone as if only it looks away one far

are politics they could characteristic be whata is very But way—hardly any party names persisted—it that character if the domitoday and training alike. Heritagetwo difficult to discover any resemblance

each contributes its weighty influin substance between a party platnated forty years ago prevailed toence. It is not difficult to understand form of today and then. The idea day? Frankly, I do not know, but

why people are different. that it is better to "be right than I am inclined to think not. Was not

Now, viewing the outlines of the president"seems to have gone comstability more general then than a now?present situation in America—it can pletely into the discard. Then

be seen in outline only from abroad politician was an individual who adFundamentally, the character of—-and comparing the reaction of the hered to the "principles"of his party the people may be as strong and as

people to it with the reaction of the and sought valiantly to make them stable and as noble now as then.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

be heard in America today? In a growing demand to disregard it

any case, does not danger threaten in the America of today? If so, is

our inherited sturdy democracy? this not a reflection on the manhood

Where is the power that will save of the country? I think so. To heap

us? It exists and is in the hands of burdens upon the backs of unborn

the people themselves. The quesgenerations in order that this one

tion is, will it be exercised? Doubts may live in comfort is heartless

on this point exist. selfishness.

Now it must be remembered that To the careful observer the future our inherited liberties came down of democracy in America—that type

to us from the fathers who were willof democracy under which the ing to give their lives, their all, that country grew—looks anything but

their children might be free. And bright. A wellinformed and able

many of them did this very thing English student of American affairs made the supreme sacrifice. What recently expressed that thought to

reward did the survivors of the terthe writer. To this Englishman the

rible struggle ask? Only freedom domestic affairs of America appearfor themselves and their children to ed to be analogous to international

the latest generations. No moneaffairs in Europe. They portend a

tary rewards were laid as a burden conflict between those who have and upon their descendants. those who have not. The former

want to maintain the status quo; the

see? do what But now we Aplatter deal. demand a new On this parently their of descendants some

issue, there he thought, would be willing to principles forsake the the struggle mightiest the has world that America made

It in yet seen. in the wreck would endJOSEPH F. MERRILL w in sturdy great—greatcharacter, manhood, and of nations destruction the of and in strong of a love liberty—and it democracy. of dictatorships Out in recoil sacrifice face the of certainly and conditions areBut many arise loss the with would consequent struggle. comforts, Softened different. by cirvery Under the same liberty of personal to those who they scarcity. shrink In the fromcumstances people possibly would conflicts. survive the

have behaved then as they do now. olden days, everyone was willing to

fair, is the repreweather When to do according prevailing case conditionsIn any part—contribute sentative in democracy has America his the of maintenance in interest thedemand, of the people hisability—in

it safely steer proved the can ship his in All government. he asked country, the thatand the people

shall exhibit the highest qualities of return was to be protected in his of state. Its ability to do so in foul

noble character. If they do this, right "to Life, Liberty and the purweather is now being tested, but, unonly hightype citizens will be suit of Happiness."He wanted to fortunately, some failures are being

elected to office in America, and our be free to do as he pleased and he indicated. Are these to be temcountry will be safe. But that there granted this right to his neighbor, porary or permanent? If the spirit

are dangers ahead all must admit. both having the understanding that of the fathers dominates, they will

Shall Americans be true to their they would respect the liberties of be only temporary. If a love of

heritage and pass on to their chileach other. That was in the day right, fairness, justice, and brotherdren the liberties and rugged democwhen laws were few and individual hood shall arise and prevail in

racy they inherited from their initiative great. America, it will continue to be "the

fathers? If so, they must be firm and land of the free and the home of the

very strong in resisting the seductive r\F course, conditions today are brave."But let it not be forgotten

temptations of the hour to sell their vastly different. Even so, that dangers threaten. Only charheritage for a mess of pottage. should not the principles of right, acter will save us and the ideals of

These temptations are brought to fairness, justice, and sturdy manthe founders of America.

them in the velveted hands of schemhood prevail? Is it right for me to Another word in closing. Do not

ing demagogues who seek prestige shirk in the burden of supporting present conditions and trends offer and power. the government according to my an opportunity to the people of the

The area of the globe in which strength and ability and throw all Church, especially the young and freedom of thought and real democthe load upon my neighbor? At any vigorous among them? If the prinracy exist is constantly growing rate this is not the Lord's way as it ciples of love and righteousness that

less. The area of the dictator is is revealed in the great financial law have always been taught them shall

correspondingly enlarging. A dicof the Church. If I am unthrifty be exhibited to the full in all of their

tatorship is born of the misery of and indolent, is it fair for me to force acts and relations with their fellows, the people and mothered by their my wise, hardworking, and careful will not the Mormon people stand fear of suffering. They want sebrother to pay all the taxes? Is it out as shining examples to all the

curity and freedom from distress. just that I should deny him the world? The opportunity is here to

Hence when in distress, their power merited rewards of his labor and demonstrate to the world that Morto think and to resist is weak, and insist on sharing the products of his monism in action makes saints then the seductive voice of the wily toil. Is it honest of me to demand people who have an unshakeable

dictator, resonant with rainbow something for nothing? "The idler love of truth, of honor, and of their

promises, lures them on to regard shall not eat the bread of the laneighbors, and scorn to do anything him as a benevolent deliverer. Are borer."This rule was dominant in unfair, unjust, and unrighteous. Let

there not such voices beginning to the America of yesterday. Is there Zion rise and shine!

slWiiM GUIDE TO A BETTER LIVING By ALBERT E. BOWEN

General Superintendent o[ the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Association

4f\J\7ITHOUT STABILITY THERE CAN BE NO EXCELLENCE; WITHOUT THE GUIDING POWER OF

FIXED PRINCIPLES THERE CAN BE NO DEPENDABLE COURSE OF

CONDUCT."

the Sunday of the meeting Mutual ONmorningTHE occasion of last at the Associations WE speak of better livImprovement Whening we really have reference General Conference of the Church, to the establishment of April 5, 1936, Superintendent Albert

E. Bowen delivered extemporanebetter character, for, in one sense, ously a thoughtprovoking address in

life is but a manifestation of charwhich the elements that go into the acter since character speaks out in building of a worthy life were enuthe acts of daily life. But this meratedwas not recorded,and evaluated.but, sinceThenumerousaddress

statement does not help us much requests have come for its appearance because there comes immediately in print, the editors of "The Improvethe question: What is character? ment Era"have asked the author to

Many definitions of it have been reconstruct briefly here some of the given, generally involved, and oftthoughtsoccasion. that were expressed on that

times cloudy. For our purpose

character may be said to be the result of conduct directed habitually in a given way.

Accepting that definition, the upon consistently right conduct.

transcendent importance of right Right conduct, in its turn, depends direction of conduct is at once apupon the adoption and following of parent, for right character depends correct principles. If the conduct of

our lives is guided by right principle it will be consistently acceptable bemm cause principles do not vary. Right

principles may be said to be those in the following of which one gets the maximum of enduring satisfaction, and enduring satisfaction is to be distinguished from gratifications which are ephemeral and fleeting, or which leave in their wake remorse or depleted powers.

There is no mistaking a right principle once it has been clearly discerned. One may flounder in uncertainty, and may easily act in confusion, but there is always in such

instances an uneasiness of feeling that leaves one beset with misgivings. Not so when the sound, underlying, governing principle has

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

once been brought into clear relief. amount of such compensation may

At such times it is recognized for not be up to the standard you think what it is and at once all doubt it should be. By this I am not sugvanishes away. To illustrate: gesting that you should not endeavor

Oliver Cowdery was once given the to better your situation in every honright to translate, but he failed and orable way, but I am suggesting that the right was cancelled. In explaemployment at a small recompense

nation he was told: is better than idleness.

There is no substitute for indus- "Behold, you have not understood, you have supposed that I would give it unto try, thrift, and economy. Let them

you, when you took no thought save it be adopted as guiding principles of was to ask me. conduct. They will give sinew to

"But behold, I say unto you, that you character and conduce to serenity must study it out in your own mind; then and repose.

you must ask me if it be right, and if it is right I will cause that your bosom shall burn within you; therefore you shall feel that TThe habit of behaving with justice

it is right. towards others can never bring

"But if it is not right you shall have no remorse or regret. It will beget a

such feelings."—Doc. and Cov. 9:7-9. conscience void of offense to all men.

It is manifestly impossible to lay Envy, grief, malice, hatred can find down a detailed formulated answer no abiding place in a life guided by to every question that may confront the principle of justice. It demands

one in life. New contingencies arise that one accord to others the right to

in which action is imperative. But all he wishes for himself. If you

gratethe best be have done you can,every of is solvable problem conduct ALBERT E. BOWEN still ful if else can do someone it to printhe governingby relating

ciple. In times of perplexity the task better. If you have to forego somefor longed, be thing have you which is to find principle that then and fuof economy, practice "Dy the of envious have those not may who it toapply solution the of the imis security ture with provided desire, for the thing so you you are problem.mediate enough There relief haunting consequent from to others as see should be ready eternal,of prinsuch unvarying anxiety. exerthe Thrift demands like possess to enjoy what would youciples to the point right at every way It cise selfdenial. the of gives one it for your as to have you be would if life will ofdemand but heed men things the to strength without he go If for yourgain cannot own, youthe directions take guidance and for, allureresist to cannot pay and the self trespassing without upon infallible thefrom of only source into debt. of the ment bondage The desist, for rights another, of then is It possible to notwisdom. enuis to important without as do power to right have advance you no more allmerate here them, of but can we in the as character an element power at interests expense the your own invite attention to of the a guidfew gratify. lesto to acquire and One to fellows than they of have your principles.ing distress of the of growing out son at expense. your themselves advance

the times is that those operating The cultivation of the sense and the

Abstemious habits are conducive their own farms and businesses who practice of the principles of justice to robust health, the possession were free of debt were generally not will add sweetness to character and of which brings not only perpetual in want; those who had practiced beauty to life.

satisfaction but is an almost indiseconomy and thrift were provided those against the of penury; ravages essential topensable the highest is of rule ever a safe Uonesty extravimprovident, been had whoachievement. of the Observance

If anything conduct. have you agant, reduced wasteful and were of thereforelaws be health should to cannot squared urge an be do suffering. to dependency and fixeda principle of conduct.

it honesty, undeviating with then

In the face of these plain lessons may not be done without injury to

Industry is a virtue which brings there are yet those who encourage character. One is likely to excuse

enduring reward. By the practice and countenance the incurring of or condone acts of his own which he

of it one not only provides the nedebt even to the extent of jeopardwould condemn in another. Honcessities for physical existence and izing homes and the very means of esty requires at least that one should

the wherewithal to help the unforshelter and food. If you have one exact of himself as high a quality of

tunate, but one also acquires surbathroom do not mortgage that for conduct as he would require in anpluses which bring release from the money with which to build another, other. Honesty is allembracing in

drudgery of the stern business of unless you can see clearly the means its scope. It reaches out and enmaking a living and provide leisure by which you will pay off the encompasses every act of life. It infor the cultivation and informing of cumbrance. Do not go into debt cludes, but is not limited to, the

the mind and the development of to purchase something which you do punctilious meeting of all engagespiritual powers. The world of the not really need merely for the purments, financial or otherwise. It

ideal lies in the realm of feeling. One pose of having what your neighbors extends its demands to behavior in

[eels the verity of great unseen inpossess. If you cannot find employbusiness, in social relations, in intangible realities. To extract from ment at three dollars a day, work tellectual and spiritual undertakings,

them their richest offerings requires for two dollars. In short, do not in motives, in selfappraisal, and in

industrious application, and time for refuse remunerative compensation every human manifestation. If one

the quest. for your time even though the is truly honest he has possessed

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

himself of all the virtues. Hence that spiritual interpretation of life which individual who desires to live in the

is religion in its essence—religion pure and realm of high ideals is to see to it"We believe in being honest."

undefiled."that the majority of his associates Industry, thrift, economy, justice,

ideals the he cherishes. have Wehonesty, eleare integrity,—these Life cannot be measured in terms in measabsorbing help cannot some integrated intoments which be must of of the the abundance things poswith characteristics those of ure the

life life if is to radiant. rich be and sessed or produced. association. supconstant Those have we whom flow profrom out our mustThey solid, realistic posedly foundations

of study, of recreation,grams and to the Plants themselves conform nations upon which to have sought of diversified if those proendeavor soil conditions in which and build are proving solid not at climatic to be grams are to be fruitful of our purall. Paradoxically enough, the supthey grow. Beauty of form and

pose. posedly intangible, nebulous, idealcolor may be sacrificed to the stern

Simple daily acts and responses istic, and spiritual bases, we are benecessity for preserving life. What

are the things of which life is made. ginning to learn, afford the only safe in one environment may be a shapely

They must, simple and of themfoundations upon which to build. beautiful tree, may in another enselves unimportant though they They are the only rock against vironment become a misshapen,

gnarled, dwarf. Surroundand ugly rains seem, reflect the the qualities whichmay which, might descend and

influences ing the soil are and clithe floodscombined, constitute life. If they the come and winds beat

have direction and purpose, steadwithout knocking down the house. mate in which character grows. Defastness results, without which life A nation is but the aggregate of the pending upon them a character may

is capricious, haphazard and volatile, citizens who compose it, and national become a "shining light, that shineth its course unpredictable and without character is but the sum total of the more and more unto the perfect day,"that the ugly thing become or it mayreliability. Israel, It characters. before dyindividual is apparWhen

its and from own destruction ent, therefore, life blessing, came to sons his twelve that the of the works he said of Reuben: "Unstable as people cannot rise higher than the which men turn away in sorrow.

water, thou shalt not excel."Withlives of the individual persons who

out stability there can be no excelconstitute the whole. 7V ll Men have the power of choice,

lence; without the guiding power of but youth sometimes has not the

fixed principles there can be no dewisdom of discernment. The guides

pendable course of conduct. Cf all the influences entering into of youth must be responsible for

the building of character perleading them in the way of enis haps none potent more than the associainfluences. nobling Good character, stabilized establishedTn influence wrought one upon human is It tion to possible everyone. may a consistent of by course conduct, being another. by associates Our of in the companionship found bedirected to right prinadherence by in are large measure source of our in selection of the worthy or booksciples, lies the safety only of the for supply food character. The It in friends. both. should found be Itstate. is that gives to the which selection proper is of associates character can be healthy more no Aindividual citizen to the power therefore at the very foundation of influence built the sustained or fromgovern If himself within. from we noble character. weaning The associates or of degrading debased buildcannot individuals race of a up

is daily of associations power almost in the kept than can be body humancapable of governing themselves irresistible. it degrees breaks By if spoiled foods. nurtured health by within, shallfrom not peohave we resistance to leads conand down lies in safety of course reducing Theple can be governed authorby who formity. rule, Individuals, as a do

ity exterior to themselves. not like to be conspicuous. They to the minimum our exposing ourPresident Coolidge expressed it shrink from the exhibition of what selves to the baleful influences of

in these words to others seem oddities. They bad associates and in washing ourprefer to conform to the prevailing selves anew in the presence and comis "There which by no way we of panionship of nobility of men can order. of tastes vulgar The man

substitute the for authority virtue of the law thought, purpose. finds and joy in the presmind, and habits no helpof restrain to course can men. Of we

cultured ence of the and pure.the vicious furnish a of and fair degree He "Enter not into the path of thesecurity protection legislation and and by prefers to escape where he may

wicked, and go not in the way ofpolice control, real the but reforms which air. If, breathe his natural however,

insociety these will is seeking days come evil men. he remains to long enough exposed religious convictions,as a result of our or

they will not come at all. Peace, justice, the association of his betters he will "Avoid it, pass not by it, turn from

humanity, charity—these cannot be legisrespond measurably to the prevailing it, and pass away.

lated into being."influence.

"For they sleep not, except they

Mr. Charles H. Tuttle, United Conversely, the highminded man have done mischief; and their sleep

States District Attorney for the cannot consort in comfort with the is taken away, unless they cause district debased. of the loftiestsouthern of New York, in a A person some to fall.

ideals,similar vein assoif thrown has written: by constant

ciation with those less noble, is likely "For they eat the bread of wickdestiny nation's is not in its learning, "A to be worn gradually down to the edness, and drink the wine of vioits scientific in attainments. It is inor

character. The heart of culture is the cullevel of his associates. The prelence.

ture of the heart. Our nation cannot surdominating influences create the

vive materially unless it is preserved spirprevailing atmosphere. The pre- "But the path of the just is as the

itually. intellectual growth will never Mere vailing atmosphere shapes and deshining light that shineth more and

it is unlesssustain form our of government accompanied by a moral growth; and there termines viewpoints and consequent more unto the perfect day."(Prois no source of moral power comparable to conduct. The only safety for the verbs 4:1418.)

THE STORY BEHIND Farnsworth television By FAY OLLERTON With an introduction by Dr. Carl F. Eyring, Professor

of Physics and Mathematics and Dean of the College

THE INVENTOR, PHILO of Arts and Sciences, Brigham Young University.

T. FARNSWORTH.

A Young Mormon scientist from the

Inland West has achieved worldwide RECOGNITION BY CONCEIVING AND

PERFECTING ONE OF THE FEW PRACTICAL

METHODS OF TELEVISION. THE STORY BEHIND Farnsworth Television, as told

by Miss Ollerton, an intimate friend of the Farnsworth family, is informational and inspirational.

Theatoryscenewhereis a darkenedSan Fancisco'slaborTelegraph Hill ends precipitously in Green street. The time is

a spring evening in 1 929. There are

a number of us there, all clinging to the words of a slightly built young man with an enthusiastic voice, quick movements, and an intelligent, sensitive face. He is Philo T. FarnsIntroduction light originating in the booth where I sat worth, about to demonstrate his

in formed an image was eye which my youth of promise and a man of courthe of exact replica which would imageA age—thus Philo T. Farnsworth is have been formed had we been conversingan systemA thrillof television.of anticipation ran

indelibly woven into the pattern of my across a table. Television, then, is simply through me as I looked at the reof promise, aexperience. youth The light the high a aspects taking of scheme and dark It a crude, just ceiving set. was

at studentschool Brigham Young Univercharacteristics these of sending a face, affair through which box on homemade enter to to permission askingsity, came me to station wires or radio and a distant waves college physics. He had mastered the then reestablishing the light and dark aspictures could be transmitted, but it

material of the elementary course without pects. If this is done faithfully, light will represented an astonishing invention

school. aid of teacherthe or a a character- a screen from with the same come by a boy whose home soil was much

I istics of Later face the actual met of the man courage. As a as from a friend.

mature man he and his charming wife met Add to the faithfully reproduced optical the same as mine.

courageously one of the greatest sorrows of image a fidelity of sound and the illusion There was an expectant silence, life, is the death the caused complete. bereavement by it comes, a cry: followed "There by

elecson. couldof a television to make be a seems Fundamentally The man who

little "It's the the one man!"Elma light characteristics oftrons carry the a simple simple not so when process. But

image with amazing fidelity, stood with one tries to harness and control light, made,"Carl Farnsworth whispered, faith, courage, and reverence before a lovelectricity, magnetism, and radio waves in "It was the first picture to come ing Father. in exacting manner. Farnsworth new followed his through."a series Then

television. about the of vision a might word caught how this Now We see ayouth pictures, all blurred but of irrelevant object of it is producedan image an with maturity done, but only has when come be

on the retina of the eye. Light in varying the perfected apparatus which really works recognizable, ending with one of

intensities and colors is spread over this—an accomplishment requiring imagination, Agnes, another member of the

"curtain"at the back of the eye and we skill, and hard work. And today the Farnsfamily.

say we see a friend, a tree, or a landscape. worth television (differing in many details

When a pattern of light characteristic of from that I witnessed at Bell Telephone So that was television. A home

a friend's face falls upon the retina we see Laboratories) stands as one of the few made box affair which threw out a the circumstances ordinaryhim. of seeing Under beyond methods we practical picture of paper cut from a little man

easily sight. distinguish naturalcan Ollerton a horizon friend and of between Miss

let I felt wife. inventor's the by action,his sound, side photograph. and of the closeup But let gives a view human

spontaneity be added to this photograph of the accomplishment. down. Even though I knew I was

and we may easily add the attributes of seeing only the early stages, I had life to the lifeless optical image. expected something different—perpassing At Bell Telephone Laboratories it was my haps a picture of people

toprivilege face"talk "face to with a perlightson miles away. which The was Market Street at that minute or one

imaged on the retina of my eye did not of the then newly elected President actually come from my friend's face, but Hoover talking to his cabinet. That

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936 would be television—not this little due. Philo, who was talented in him home and in school. She signed

man dangling in the air. music, must have better chances and some papers which released him; he

"It won't be long before we can a college education. Provo with its came home for one term of college.

work out a way of handling teleChurch university offered the best After this ended he took a job in vision broadcasts,"Philo Farnsopportunity. Philo finished high Payson and came back to the "Y"

worth was saying in a voice strangeschool at the "Y"and had one term early the next fall in hopes of obly mature for one of his years of college. His family looked hopetaining a janitorial position. But all

"There will have to be many stations fully towards his violin, but he prethe brooms were being pushed by and a new kind of wave length, ferred the physics laboratory. Years possessivelooking young men. Philo

much shorter. The set will have before, as so many boys had done, had to have money at once, so the

loud speakers, something like the he had built his own radio set and thought of college was again disradio you have at home."To him now he had vague dreams of a thing carded.

television was a fact, and in spite called television. Because there was no work in

of the dangling little man I believed. Provo, he tried job hunting in Salt

his this point at high his last year City. on From Lake was during the because today dream And is IT

tale, fairy with reads like a story died, father that his school andreality, the story the behind appearance of the little man can be given. as circumstances became more diffimodern embellishments. "Lady

The achievement of television (by cult, Philo gave up college. No Luck"flirted with him, deserted him

this I mean the Farnsworth way) work could be found, and, discourat times, but always held something lies in the brains and hands of this aged, he left for the West coast with up her sleeve to pluck out when she slender young man, Philo T. Farns- a boy friend. There he joined the thought him ready.

worth, born in Beaver, Utah, in navy, in which he received valuable His going to Salt Lake was 1906, son of Lewis E. and Serena technical training. He took the in the year the Community Chest

Bastian Farnsworth. Annapolis examinations and passed was being established there. Two

The Farnsworth family came to them. His mother, however, wanted Californians had the work in charge.

Utah in early days. They are of

New England stock and the family home is in Beaver, Utah. From THIS PHOTOGRAPH SHOWS

Denmark, came Jacob Bastian, THEIMAGEARRANGEMENTDISSECTOR ANDOF THEAMfather of Serena. Jacob pulled a STANDINGPLIFIER, WITHBY. THE INVENTOR

handcart across the plains in the wake of Johnston's army and unaided buried his lovely young wife in Salt Lake City a few days after he came to the Valley. Later he

went into the hazardous Dixie country. Serena had been born in

Washington and spent her early years working in Brigham Young's cotton factory. She attended the

Beaver Branch of the Brigham Young Academy, where she met her husband. Then followed years in

southern Utah and a move to a farm near Rigby, Idaho.

By now young Philo ( Phil to his family) had ideas. Definitely uninterested in farming, he knew the

mechanical side of every machine used. At thirteen years of age he

was chief caretaker of the farm's

Delco light system. Then came a

great day when he won a prize from "Science and Invention"for an automobile thief switch, a prize large enough to buy his first long trousers.

In school his main interests were science and mathematics. The first

year his program was so full he could not include general science, but he took an examination for the course and passed with a grade of ninetyeight per cent. During the

Rigby years he drove the school bus, rising before daylight in Idaho's subzero weather to bring the students on time. By his Senior year

the family decided a change was

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

ed something. Philo's ideas were high school and Lincoln in the

passed upon and said to be good by grades would gladly have deserted the California Institute of Techformal learning for science, but nology. Fortified with this informaPhilo insisted that they stay in

tion, the manager who was paying school. Carl might work on Saturhis own salary went to San Frandays and late afternoons, but Lincisco to the Crocker interests. The coln was to give all his time to

Crockers decided to take a long school.

chance and Philo came to San FranIn the first San Francisco days cisco to the laboratory at the foot young Mrs. Farnsworth continued

of Telegraph Hill. From then on to work with her husband. Her

he was to work without fear of the precise drawings record the early landlord. history of television. She managed

her house, worked on Green Street, "Ror the next few years Philo and was ready to stop any work on

Farnsworth was either in the those few occasions when her husor atop in his studyAN EARLY TELEVISION play. PICTURE OF MARY laboratory to one Perhaps wanted the band

PICKFORD (1931). thinking, planning, and new house, things she of the biggest did was

achieving. Keenly lack he felt the to worked complain he never whenPhilo to went them a with scheme of training. exact scientific "When silence, in sat or overtime long hoursfor organizing city. the did They sure that for idea the groping wasnot all agree his with plans they but arrived Philo, to Jr., After come.liked his directness and him gave a as laboratory the to she camework. of them, One EverGeorge pace visitor kept only, has she butson, had imagination foresight and step every along with her husbandand to encouraged Philo study. He his of progress.

even believed that what Philo was dreaming could be made possible. News of the invention got abroad.

More than this, he spent his savings Inventor Farnsworth became an imto finance Philo over the first hard portant man who issued statements stretch, a debt later repaid many to the press and whose privacy was times. Mr. Everson became the inguarded by his family and office

ventor's manager and one of the staff. Yet there was one certain

let him reaching of trustedmost and valued men in way him—just a that an old friend, you were know Television, Inc.Farnsworth

At this time Philo was engaged to former teacher, someone from the a charming brownhaired girl, Elma Brigham Young University, a MorGardner, gifted with a musical mon Elder, or anyone from Utah or voice and accomplished as a pianist. Idaho who wanted to know about

Elma lived in Provo and was willing television and his car would call for to follow Philo to Samarkand or you to see a demonstration at the

Siberia if he said the word. The laboratory. If he had time he enonly drawback was that neither of tertained you at his home. He took

INVENTOR FARNSWORTH ROBERT of AND in ambitions the interest a deepthem any had she and money wanted APPAWITH RUTHERFORD THE SHOWN his Church. of members young RATUS TELEUSED IN TRANSMITTINGa dress, wedding did which seem

IS the VISION MOVIES. THIS MACHINE were composers from Utah Songs thing toproper have. After CALLED he had TELECINE PROJECTOR. THE

bought their tickets to California there was enough to buy a dress I get this done,"he would say, "I'm and a license. They were married going to move my laboratory to

in May, 1926, and went to HollyStanford and get a doctor's degree."

wood. Wisely, however, he gathered

But what a different Hollywood around him men with the technical from the one on the front page of knowledge he lacked. Carl Christhe tabloids. They took a house at tensen, a graduate of Brigham

1339 New Hampshire Street and Young University, then in Berkeley worked late and hard, and it was working on his doctorate, took days in this house on New Hampshire off for research in the Green Street

Street that Farnsworth television laboratory. Arthur Crawford, a

first saw light. For six months Philo cousin who had given Philo much

and his wife worked—she had to encouragement at the "Y,"was at

study mathematics, drawing, and Stanford in the graduate school, and science instead of piano. And she he too came to San Francisco. The

had to figure out ways to make their men who have worked with inventor slender allowance last from week to Farnsworth through the years are week. Ingenious as she was, the now not only loyal employees, but THE GIRL IS OPERATING THE PRESENT

savings of Mr. Everson were used also part owners in the invention. TELEVISION "HOME"MODEL. THE UPPER

up in six months'time, and it looked Not long after the inventor was SCREENLOWER GRILLSIS FORARETELEVISION;FOR LOUDSPEAKERS.THE TWO

as if television would die aborning. established in San Francisco, he sent IN THE BACKGROUND IS A LABORATORY

But six months'work accomplishto Provo for his family. Carl in RECEIVERINCH SCREEN.WITH A TWELVE BY FIFTEEN

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936 on his piano. He could find time was soon to come. His brother, was known wherever men could

to visit a radio station where a Lincoln, had gone into the laboratory read. He had photographed for the

Utahn was broadcasting, and he deand lost an eye in an explosion. first time for radio the man in the

lighted to talk about the possibilities There had been long battles over moon. And television was so close

of Utah literature. patents. But these things were all to the home that the average man

On the ground floor of his San dimmed by the joy of things was figuring on how much he would

Francisco house there is a large achieved. His mother was in Philaneed to save to buy a set.

room that is half work shop and half delphia sharing in the happiness that bedroom. More than one young was no longer just down the road "D epresentatives from many

man from the Inland West, out of but was in the present itself. Durcountries came to Philadelphia

a job or seeking work for the first ing the hardest years of the depresto see the wizard who was still in time, has been housed in this room sion she had been president of the his twenties. They came from Geruntil he was able to care for himself. San Francisco Ward Relief Society many, Austria, Hungary, CzechoThe year 1931 was a decisive year and carried many of the burdens of slovakia, Poland, and Switzerland.

for the Farnsworths. Either Philo the poor and the troubled. Always, When the Fernseh Company of

would sell his invention outright for too, in the years behind her she had Berlin made its agreement, it a huge sum of money or he would worked and denied herself for her meant that the Farnsworth system form a new company with different family. Now for the first time in would dominate television throughfinancial backing. For a time the her life she had blessed leisure! out the world. Philo Farnsworth

decision wavered. If the invention Leisure to walk in the spring sun; himself went to London and Gerwere sold he would send his mother leisure to take automobile trips to many, taking with him the machine

and family back to Provo so that the Valley Forge, to Washington, he had prepared for the World's younger Farnsworths could attend D. C, and New York; leisure to Fair at Chicago.

Brigham Young University. The read, to rest, and to enjoy her son's The invention seems a simple

boy dreamed of a new home with a friends, for her son was sought out thing for the eye to comprehend if workshop, a car, a motor boat for by the great and near great. His one's inner eye does not see the

Utah Lake, a glider. But his sister, photoelectric cell and cathode tube years, the struggles, and the brains

Laura, with a woman's feeling for were known the world over. Army involved in it. Even its working

hard facts, was not so generous in and navy officials spoke of the theory is not for the scientist alone.

her dreaming. changes they would make in maneuLincoln Farnsworth, who is helping

"Mother,"she asked one night as vers. His sensational feat of pickhis brother write a book explaining

they sat around the table, the boys ing up the celestial starlight and television to the world, wrote to me:

lost in visions of the change wealth transmitting it to a receiving screen The basis of the Farnsworth television would bring them, "if Phil's deal goes through, do you think I couldget a pair of new shoes?"\*Y-

But Philo decided against the deal and Laura went out to earn her new shoes. In May, 1934, on her wedding night Philo, as he had done to

Agnes, another sister, on a like occasion, sent her a generous number of television shares. "I've got my

new shoes,"she said, her eyes shining with tears. Image to be

"Lady Luck"again plucked Philo transmitted

Farnsworth's sleeve. A new company was formed with him as vicepresident in charge of research, with antenna

the Philco laboratories in Philadelphia as headquarters. The old Green

Street rooms were kept open but iLground

Philo and his family—there weretwo small sons now—went East.

For the first two years he worked with Philco, perfecting the technique of using his patents. Then in the 'Re c e i ing antenna

spring of 1933 he moved into his.Screen of

own laboratories at 127 East Mertelevision maid Lane, Philadelphia, and is television -picture signal line receiver there now. Two springs later the receiver contro!

company was given the name of 777T7XZC

Farnsworth Television, Inc.

But many things happened before he was firmly established in his new home under a new name that spring -synchronizingscanning oscil light"of 1935. His second son lay in the "r ground signal line tube

Provo cemetery... a third son

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

It is in this fashion that the receiver tube television artist wear a dress of pure picture paints electrons of "pencil"a with a a dancer cotton. so long ago Not twentyevery the of the screen tube one on in a television stage the came upon fluoris screen of fourth a a second. The

escent material, coated on the end wall of cotton dance suit. Mr. Farnsworth,

the oscillight, that lights up when a stream who was showing the picture to a of electrons strikes its surface in a vacuum. mixed group was embarrassed to say

transmitter the at process scanning The the least, when the dancer appeared is receiver. the just at of that the reverse

At the receiver a "pencil"of electrons in the nude. Orders went out imtraverses the screen to "paint"the picture; mediately that if an artist wore cotat the transmitter the picture (an electrical ton, it must be a cotton mixed with

copy of the optical picture) is moved with silk or wool.

the same motion as the "pencil"has in the receiver over a stationary collector, which More and more work must be is a minute aperture in the multipactor tube. done on problems such as these.

The displacement of the picture, or scanThen there is the matter of television is electrically. operation, ning done Two to able telephone. the be and "To

are both sets used around electromagnets of to able sit at be a telephone and set tubes. receiver transmitter and One

moves the picture back and forth while the see the person to whom you are other is moving the picture downward. The talking is years and years away,"

generation of the currents that makes this the inventor said at a Franklin Infield possible has a been magnetic sort of stitute lecture not so long ago. too of television and problem major is much

deep for this sort of explanation. "News events, dramatic skits, and

movies are the things that will come 'T'here are some queer tricks in first,"he explained.

television. People who make up Philo Farnsworth still works

for broadcasts must wear black and overtime on his problems. Carl

white and paint their lips black. Farnsworth is with him now and

Contrast and intense lights are Lincoln, kept from the laboratories necessary. And never again will a because of his accident, is writing

the story of television.

In some ways the years have left

ACKNOWLEDGING THE the young inventor unchanged.

THE NEW AND IMPROVED CAMERA. THE UNSEEN Naturally he has grown intellectuFOR SIDE ARE GRADUATIONS THE ON

FOCUS. OF THE THE QUICK CHANGING By Dr. C. Douglas Barnes ally by his study and as a result of

BOX CONTAINS A SYSTEM OF LENSES his association with great men. But

IN DISSECTOR OF MOUNTED THE FRONT told, in is History of story inqualities the retained of has he TUBE. THE

inof an Moore, Chemistry, by tegrity, he loyalty, enthusiasm and very conducted teresting experiment a tube important rests and one onsystem his started possessed on he when century seventeenth in by the early transto for scene be scanning ameans in 1926. great Helmont investigator adventure back May, named an Van Directorismitted. the tube Image The demonstrating of the purpose for in science his achievements Leaving is breaking up of capableMultipactor and prinor primordial the being as water is in aside, his a personage he to own strong enough into current imagean a all matter"which substance cipal from

tubes the conventional amplified violinist, through ability right.be as a has He his theory demonstrate springs. To tubes It is really amplifiers. two radioof fine, disci- a reads widely, has of tree and small known selected a he tube. is within a for therein a tube one,

it in hundred planted two weight and to plined understand quick as mind light the converting for dissector imageThe five years he earth. of For pounds hispolitical in science or a problem optical images electrical into rays, orrays which, tree the for cared watered and

is field. twelve cylinder scientific electron ones, a aboutinto his in tory as own to period, a this modgrew during

in diameter. five inches longinches and inspires confidence In addition his he of conclusion size. the erate At the of and tube the on the end openAcross dirt the and carefully test removed he personal magnetism. and has much

is less than nickle one smallinside tube a to dirt be the of the weight found is of business a Too, he much man of contains one that inhalf diameter inch however, willow, unchanged. The multipactors. ability; financiers coldcathode have had notablethe famous in hundred weight one increased had the is collected from electron an When to their wits sharpened keep when concluded sixtyfour pounds. He and

it hits of plate one (see diagram)cathode due weight increased that inwas the the business doing with boy emitted. are in five turnthis The tube and entirely the had to he which water is a family man, ventor. he And plate opposite to thefive are back bounced conresult as cited the added, and chilfive elechis five out wife adores of these one bounce each andand who his firming theory.

it principles all thetrons. explains Philo on dren. reaction was Actually, unseen an

photoelectric Emission fromof Secondary dioxide in carbon occurring which will the Television not whole be I believe almost cansurfaces; but and you plant the and assimilated by was to Inciworld. his the it contribution nothing. of is forthat something came increased weight of the much

is to destined this multipactor tubedentally first. it is his Packed away Rather this source. through

if not art more as the radio muchchange that ideas his in are brain tendency, illustrates a many This human

It be television. of thethan may advent

to'while credit the only, unseen seen tangible has he when become may receiver, radio complete toused a make spiritual particularly of influences, a so. of to time of the Some them performing tubes make work orone two notice. often without nature, escape

tubes. ordinary to elevenseven as as astonish us much them may health, blessings encourageof Thus,

its is merely in simplest form, a Scanning them, of television. producing to inspiration The the comfort, and ment in repicture for some covering ameans well, things to things big in do and do will his change, plans unless be a If with traced sequence.peating you us Let to unobserved. one come may retreat can he western where some over forth a uniformlypencil back and of thanks prayer a with acknowledge cover eventually of paper, hissheet would close you to laboratory his have us to spiritual blessings the coming

is vision persistence of sheet. wholea Our from residence. has been away the He sources through unseen from

if in sheet the that one tracedsuch you Deity. kindness of to time long wants come and a home action the wouldtwentyfourth of second a

seem instantaneous. back.

Saving the one

i AM WITH By DR. W. W. HENDERSON

Head of the Department of Zoology and

Entomology at the Utah State Agricultural College

"In any social group every individual is in some way responsible for the actions of all other individuals. allow another to

make a mistake and you have made the same mistake yourself. save another and

you have saved yourself. debase another

and you have debased yourself. llft another out of error and you have lifted

yourself in the same degree."

Toheaskhas onealreadyto rereadread a hundreda thing ofandsaltlightis ofpreservative.the world. ItThewasdutythe

times or more seems unreasonmost universal of ancient preservable. To cite a text which everyatives. The old world salt was unone knows by frequent repestable and decomposed; or undertition is the next thing to inviting went some chemical change after

defeat. There is encouragement, it was gathered, lost its saltiness,

however, in the thought, that the and therefore became useless.

more casual reading one gives to Christ's followers are like salt; they

any particular text, the less attention must save men from decay or corhe generally lends to it, and many ruption, but what good can there be such readings often securely hide in a follower of Christ who has bethe real meaning of what has been come useless? A light has no value

read. For this reason we may if it is hidden where no one can see

safely venture to ask the reader to it. To be a follower of Christ one

consider once more, "for the hunmust have light, knowledge, and dred and oneth time,"perhaps, a understanding, and this understandvery small part of the Sermon on ing is not his to be hidden by him;

the Mount. But this time we ask he must walk 'where the light

him to read it more carefully than shineth'and be an example to all he has ever done before: others."

"Ye are the salt of the earth but But is there any new meaning if the salt have lost his savor, wherehidden in this portion of the Sermon with shall it be salted? It is thencewhich our superficial considerations

forth good for nothing, but to be do not disclose, and just how is this cast out, and to be trodden under part of the Sermon rinding applicafoot of men. tion nowadays?

"Ye are the light of the world. Just who are "salt of the earth?"

A city that is set on a hill cannot be This question was raised in a Sunhid. day class of two hundred or more

"Neither do men light a candle, college students at the Logan L. D.

and put it under a bushel, but on a S. Institute. Works dealing with

candlestick; and it giveth light unto the life of Jesus were investigated.

all that are in the house. Burton and Matthews'The Life of

"Let your light so shine before Christ, page 101, says the salt of men, that they may see your good the earth has reference to the peoworks, and glorify your Father ple "who by their presence and inwhich is in heaven."fluence are to keep the world from

Your reply is probably as follows becoming utterly corrupt."Geike,

"All this is plain and simple, anyThe Life and Words of Christ, Vol.

one can understand it. It merely II, pp. 57, 58, says, "His disciples,"

says you are the salt of the earth "His followers."Talmage, Jesus

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 193

of the earth and light of the world."state, our attitude seems to be the

It is the duty, the obligation, the same. Whether we have ever conright, and the privilege of every sciously taken this "salt and light"

responsible person, to be "salt of the doctrine into consideration or not, earth and light of the world."No there is in effect either widespread

one is excluded and no one is exrevolt against it or stupendous igcused. norance of what is required of us.

Here are an obligation and a Man is a social being. He reduty which are very broadly set. It fuses to live alone. He insists on

is equivalent to the school room being with others of his species.

teacher's saying to the class: "You Many creatures in nature have the

must all teach the class, and you same tendency. Birds go in flocks,

must teach correct principles."It

is equivalent to the mayor's saying to the citizens: "You must all run

the city, and be responsible for the public welfare."It is equivalent to

a father's saying to the household:

"You must all manage the family and you must each set a worthy exDR. W. W. HENDERSON ample for the others."In discharging

this responsibility I do not take the treatment this unusual a of Tn I fateacher's place; take the not do * subject miliar Dr. Hender- W. W. I mayor's place; not the take do the to readers brings "Era"son

benefit of long years of association father's place, but I do, nevertheless, with young men and women in have a responsible place in all the college circles and in religious gathersocial units to which I belong.

born ings. Dr. was Henderson in This is the gist of the simple but ScotchUtah, County, of Cache

Welsh pioneer stock, and during his sensible doctrine of "salt of the useful lifetime, which has been charearth and light of the world."It is

acterized by distinguished service to the doctrine of individual responsipeople, has harmonized he young bility. It is the doctrine that everyspir- pursuits with sound academic

I brother's one is his keeper. must attainscholastic itual attitudes. His

ments include an A. B. degree from save the one in whose company I

Brigham Young College, an M. A. find myself. This is the idea which

University, Cornell degree from and seems to be so deeply hidden bethe University a Ph. D. from of California. Dr. Henderson has served as neath the shallow considerations we

principal of Weber Academy, Ogden, so commonly give to the Sermon on 19101914; president of Brigham the Mount.

Young College, Logan, 19201926;

and head of and is now professor the "Dor many years we have heard Entodepartment and of Zoology mology, and Experiment Station Enthat full responsibility must be tomologist at the Utah State Agrilaid upon the teacher for making the cultural College. In the Church, class interesting. But here now is

recognition has him for come to his a doctrine that would lay some obclasses at the widelypraised Sunday

Logan L. D. S. Institute. In this ligation upon the members of the

discussion Dr. Henderson invites atclass. Likewise we have heard

tention to the great steadying intimes without number that parents in social individual fluence one any of fully liable for are the illbehavior of ability group to has the see who their children. But it seems that clearly values the to courage and

voice his covictions. Jesus would hold the children also

for some part of the obligation.

It is apparent from common observation that many regard such docthe Christ, page 232, says, "those trine as unreasonable in its demands.

redevolve the wouldupon whom the president to hold or We wantsponsibility of the ministry as His officer other responsible governing commissioned representatives."for the country. Too many want to

Dummelow, Bible Commentary, leave the building up of the Church page 641, says, "His disciples,""the to President Grant and the general

Ministry,""Communicants"of the authorities. The bishop can carry

Christian Church."the ward on his shoulders. The

After very careful consideration Sunday school is the superintendone unanimous conclusion was ent's worry; and it is wholly the

agreed upon. At least all responteacher's business to see that the

sible people professing to be followclass is interesting. The mayor

ers of Christ—men, women, youth, must look after the city's welfare,

and even children who have reached and the police must keep the peace the age of accountability—are "salt and safety for all of us. Church or

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

fishes in schools, cattle in herds, invidual is in a position to do more for never laid a hand on them the act sects in swarms, wolves in packs, his bosom friend than is anybody would speedily bring its own punbees in colonies, and ants in nests. else. Responsibility is thus naturishment, because one "cannot do

The evident purpose is mutual seally placed. The answer to the secwrong without suffering wrong."

curity. The same unwritten law ond question is that a friend can be ( Emerson. ) This case of pure vangoverns them all. It is the law of trusted to do good for a friend more dalism is typical of countless others

"everyone for all and all for everycertaintly than can anyone else. in which the individual fails to rise

one."None of these socialized Trust is thus rightly reposed. The to the responsibility that is his, and

creatures in nature will tolerate a answer to both questions is that more violates a sacred trust reposed in him rebel or a slacker. No man has a mistakes are probably made in small to save a friend from making a misright to live in a society, to pargroups of two or a few persons than take.

ticipate in its profits, and give nothare made either when one is alone, ing in return. If he does so, he is or when the group is large. Con- A banquet for more than two hun-

a social parasite. "This is the one summated blunder is generally the dred was served in one of our base thing in the universe—to reresult of cumulative suggestions of larger Utah towns a few years ago,

ceive favors and render none,"(Emerror made by two, or a few perduring prohibition days. The comerson. ) sons. In illustration of this contenmittee on arrangements discussed

Very few persons were ever able, tion, let us consider a few actual the question of serving liquor in the with all their effort, to give to soexamples. cocktail. It was a daring thing to

ciety as much as society gave to Three boys in their late teens do. It was illegal. Every man on

them. Every effort one makes in climbed a mountain in one of our the committee must have known that

the spirit of the doctrine of "salt of Utah canyons to observe a herd of to serve liquor at a banquet in Utah the earth and light of the world"is elk. On their way back they came in prohibition days, even in a fruit

an effort in his own behalf. Allow to the edge of a high cliff, and lookcocktail, was an outrage against law

another to make a mistake and you ing almost straight down from this and order and the better social sentihave made the same mistake yourcliff they saw the high voltage wires ment; but the committee decided to

self. Save another and you have of an electric transmission line about do it, and it was done. The "salt of

saved yourself. Debase another a hundred feet below them. They the earth had lost its savor"and the

and you have debased yourself; lift began pelting rocks at these wires, "light of the world was hidden under

another out of error and you have and soon discovered that the larger a bushel."

lifted yourself in the same degree. the rocks they threw the more certain

Moreover, it is doubtful if there they were to hit. Presently, one of In small groups, such as this banis any other way by which the whole the boys rolled a three hundred quet committee, so many serious

body of the Church or any other pound boulder to the edge of the mistakes are made because of the great organization is securely and cliff for the purpose of dropping it absence of courage, or character, or foresight, "salt"or or "light,"or lifted. permanently general hit. real for a No boy Any normal

it is that in whatever sees should what panacea cast over us can be late all to his that it teens knows would it. save or exalt us in permanent safety. be a serious mistake to make such be done, and insists on doing

Salvation demands individual works. a drop. Any one of the three boys Among the two hundred or more

There is nothing in the spiritual uniknew it, but not one protested. men who sat down to that banquet

there great a were never many whoverse to the comparable sun summer excellent an opportunity Here was cocktail the after touched discoverall willwhich us whether warms we to stay a but mischievous hand, it ing the charge so generously connot.or Savior not Himself has The "salt the earth?"of the where was tained. large renever number A us.saved given has us merely a He it it else or there Either not had was their peated annual the to payments ourselves. of savingmeans its lost savor, protest not a because organization. society purwhose A If is the fully of ever Kingdom God fact, In three made. the was boys pose to supposed the for was be it willestablished the be cumuby in cooperated the dropping huge far to so gone good as common hadlative effort. aggregate of individual hit actually boulder, the which made flout in the public a law demonstrais is otherThere not way. no This of voltage high the one broke and tion. to an the youth example What ita curse over hanging humanity; wires. strike "successful"a Such city! of the

is gift a precious. most what And trial the of another prompted same incident to Another mind. comeswidespread ignorance there be must all trials, until kind, then and more

in of young one our man Utahin A our country the today of part on wires the broken. were villages his of met youthful twocitizens are think they pernot who

sonally responsible for the unusual This mischief interrupted elecfriends one evening after ten o'clock, disregard for law, the immense trical service to the nearby city for and expressed the wish for an autoamount of crime, and the appalling several hours, burned out a three mobile in which to take a joyride.

social disorders of every description. thousand dollar transformer, and The other two quickly repeated the

In a good country every citizen must caused other expense and much inwish. Then one proposed that they

be "salt of the earth and light of convenience. Of course the boys go and take uncle's car. Uncle's

the world."were, in due time, apprehended and garage was a considerable distance

punished, but even if the law had from his house, the car could be

XTUrHY did Jesus place such a huge taken out the back way, uncle was responsibility on the individalways in bed before ten, so he ual? Or if this is in reality an opwould not hear. They could put in

F as friends have loved my I do myportunity, gas, can return the car Jesus be justified some they how when * virtue, my God.in placing trust such an enormous the ride, had taken one and no Browne. Thomas my—Sirsoul,in single personalities? ever answer misobvious know. would The An

to the first question is that the inditake was definitely proposed by one

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

of the three, and here was a real car passage, had accidentally fallen opportunity for the other two to in with hoboes, had been pursued by counter. But they did not counter; officers of the law.

they acquiesced. These boys knew It was on a dreary night when

better, but they ignored their better fog had settled over the coast counjudgment and took the car. They try that he sat on a rock warming

made a "clean get-a-way."himself by the scant fire of a gang

Their next decision was to find of tramps. One of these tramps,

some girls. After eleven o'clock at who appeared to be the leader, had

night three youthful girls were perbeen looking at this boy for some suaded to take a ride. The night time, and presently initiated the folwas young and it was theirs. If the lowing conversation.

car were returned by three or four "Kid, have you got a mother?"

in the morning, they made them- "Yes,"said the boy, meekly.

selves believe they would be safe. "Where is she?"

The girls hesitated, to be sure. They "In Idaho."

had standards; they came from good "Well, you go find her,"comhomes, as did the boys. But for the manded the tramp.

time being they deserted their The boy was stupefied. He was

standards and yielded to what each not expecting this from a hobo. He

of them secretly felt was an unwise made no reply, but simply sat staring venture. at the tramp.

it,"ordered the tramp, This story could end here. We "Beat

have shown the "lost savor and the "and don't you stop till you find hidden light."The curious reader, your ma."

however, will want to know the end The boy rose to obey. He saw

of the story. Uncle's car was that the tramp meant business, and

wrecked. The young man driving as he turned to leave the gang, the

the car, and one of the girls, lost tramp called out, "Here, take this their lives. blanket,"and he threw an old dirty

blanket to the boy.

XTow let us lengthen out this disIn the shortest possible time concussion to the extent of citing sistent with the difficult circum- a single illustration in which the stances, the boy reached home "savor"was not lost and the "light"dirty, ragged, hungry, and unkempt was not hidden. A youth, eighteen,—but repentant. A pinch of savor

was tired of home. It was a good and a gleam of light issuing from an

home and he was a good boy in old tramp, mingled with a lovely many ways, but he was afflicted with savor and a glowing light reaching wanderlust. Since his parents could from his faraway home, had

not consent to his going "somebrought the boy to his senses. If

where,"one day he just took the hobo could have known how his "French leave."Night came and he savor "took,"it is believable that

did not come home. Father and he could have died happy.

mother waited all night, made inGood orchards are an aggregate quiries everywhere, but found no of good trees; good flocks are agtrace. gregates of good sheep; good

There was a boy friend with him libraries are aggregates of good who seemed to be of the same mind. books; good families are a comDeep down in the heart of each, as posite of good children; good

was learned after, there was a feelchurches are made up of good peoing that they were making a serious ple. Total goodness can never be

mistake and each actually hoped, any more than the aggregate of inwhen it came to leaving, that the dividual behavior. How could docother would suggest they back out. trine be more sound than Christ's

Each was hoping the other would doctrine of the "salt of the earth save him, and each would happily and light of the world?"What a

have responded to a restraining responsibility and what an opporword from the other. tunity I have to help the very man

A month passed by, and no word I am with!

came. What a "harrowing"month This essay ends here, but will the

that was to the anxious father and reader's consideration end here too?

mother! Then a letter came. The Does he understand that he is acboy was in California. He was tually the "salt of the earth and the

seeing the world and he would come light of the world,"and will he achome some day all right. The facts tually accept the obligation, and be

are that he had been accidentally worthy of the sacred trust which separated from his companion, had S;.S: Jesus has definitely reposed in him?

gone to southern California by box Will he save the one he is with?

The story of our Hymns By GEORGE D. PYPER

General Superintendent of the Desetet

GEORGE D. PYPER Sunday School Union and a Member

The Story of Its Significance of the Church Music Committee in Mormon History Wayfaring \ \ 7"| Poor Man of 11. Ci [Poor Vvayfanng 1 1 Ian of \ftef an own was not Grief"

child of the Latterday h 1 loatgomerySaints, but a dearly beloved adopted {By (fames 1 one. It might never have gained the

prominence given it among our it is of no value to On June 27th the friends of thehymns had it not been so closely asto my friends, sociated with the most tragic scene myself."And so, through the imProphet and Patriarch, except John

portunities Richards, of his wife were and Willard and some Taylorin assassinaMormon history—the Carthage, back to hustled from went and these Nauvoo Josephtion Smith friends, of the Prophet Joseph

and his brother, Hyrum, in Carthage and the warning of the Lord went four went into the cell at Carthage

Jail, June 27, 1844. unheeded. Jail. The Prophet was depressed.

The long story of the exciting From then on until the fatal hour Seeing this, John Taylor, to cheer days in Nauvoo is well known to of the martyrdom every minute of him up, sang "A Poor Wayfaring every Latterday Saint. However, the time was fraught with historyMan of Grief,"a favorite song of

a brief sketch of events immediately making episodes. Gathering clouds the Prophet, and popular in Nauvoo

leading up to the martyrdom will not pointed inevitably to a tragic ending. previous to the martyrdom. Soon

be amiss. The enemies of the Joseph sensed this and urged his after Hyrum Smith asked Elder

Prophet were wrought up to such a brother and his friends to leave him Taylor to sing the song again. Elder

I dopitch of hate that Joseph's life was to his fate. He said, "Could my Taylor said: "Brother Hyrum,

not safe in Nauvoo. After consulbrother Hyrum be released it would not feel like singing."And Hyrum

tation with some of his friends, he not matter so much about me."said: "Oh, never mind, commence

decided to escape from the dangers His remarks at various times along singing and you will get the spirit of the city he had founded and the way to Carthage indicated his of it."

seek refuge in the West. In fact, frame of mind: "I go like a lamb It was not long after the song was

Hyrum recorded that the Lord had to the slaughter."To Squire (Dansung the second time that the mob

warned Joseph to flee to the Rocky iel H.) Wells he said: "I wish you attacked the jail. Brother Roberts

Mountains. So, on June 22nd at would cherish my memory."* in his book* says: "How quickly

midnight, the Prophet with a number fullest of these story fateful days is to be found in B. H. and most authentic *The across his friends, the Misof rowed

Church."History of the Comprehensive "A side Roberts',sissippi, arriving the Iowa on

Sunday morning, the 23rd.

O. P. Rockwell, one of the party,

was sent back to Nauvoo for horses to carry them farther West, but he returned at the request of Emma

Smith, the Prophet's wife, with an appeal for Joseph to return to Nauvoo. A letter from Emma also entreated him to give himself up, and

carried the further message that the governor had pledged his faith and the faith of the state to protect him.

Some even accused the Prophet of CARTHAGE cowardice for leaving the Saints. JAIL

That was the deciding factor. Joseph said: "If my life is of no value

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

disastrous things happen! Three but Mr. Harrison, the publisher to

minutes after the attack was comwhom he applied, did not warm up menced upon the jail, Hyrum Smith A Poor Wayfaring to the poetry although he engaged of Grief newspaper work. In 1792 he enlayprison—dead.stretched uponJohntheTaylorfloor layof notthe Man him as a shop man. Here began his

far from him savagely wounded. gaged to work in the Sheffield RegThe Prophet was lying outside the By James Montgomery ister, a revolutionary paper, the

fled to America to jail by the old well curb—dead: A poor wayfaring man of grief owner of which

The mob in consternation and dis- ** Hath often crossed me on my way avoid imprisonment. Montgomorder had fled in the direction of Who sued so humbly foe relief ery took over the paper in 1795, reWarsaw; the plighted faith of a That I could never answer, Nay. naming it the Sheffield Iris, and conits publication until July, state was broken, its honor trailed IWheretohad not Hepow'vwent,to oraskwhenceHis name,He came; tinued

in the dust and the stain of innocent Yet there was something in His eye 1825. His reform principles met

blood affixed to its escutcheon that That won my love, I knew not why. with the antagonism of the governwill remain a blot which time cannot ment and he was fined twenty

scanty meal was when my efface."Once, spread, pounds and imprisoned for three spake; not a word He He entered,

Just perishing for want of bread, months. Later he was convicted of

thirty sedition, fined it, brake, pounds, and The Hymn and the Writer AndI gaveate, Himbut gaveall, Hemeblessedpart again; for six months. imprisoned

HPhe words of "A Poor Wayfaring MineFor whilewas Ianfedangel'swith eagerportionhaste.then; In spite of the government's hosMan of Grief"were written in The crust was manna to my taste. tility to him, his power and popuDecember, 1826, by James Montlarity grew, and his Christian virburst I spied a fountain where Him the of the governfavor tues won gomery, one of the conceded to be

rock; Clear the His from

It annual given an writers. strength ment and he was greatest world's song gone, was

had been thought by our song comThe heedless water mocked His thirst, pension of two hundred pounds.

pilers that the composer of the music He heard it, saw it hurrying on. His closing years were serene and

up; ran the suff'rer raised and 30, 1854. April looking since but up I unknown, He died was

Thrice the stream from my lovely. He drained

it series, in this is recordreferences cup, four wrote hundred Montgomery that the his biographer words ed by Dipped, returned it running and all in published and poems, o'er; hymns

thirsted more. never I drank and of tune Coles'put to George were his lifetime. his Three of hymns are "Duane Street,"but up to date we 'Twas night; the floods were out; it published in the Latterday Saint

find that tune to unable have been blew Poor Wayfaring Hymn Book—"A

it or not whether cannot say and winter aloof; hurricane A is the Grief,"of "Prayer Man

I voice His abroad heard flew and is the as that used by John same Soul's Desire,"Sincere "Hark! and to roof. bid welcome Him To my time that since reprinted Taylor and is the the of Jubilee.""Prayer Song I clothed cheered and and warmed my

in books. song our guest, set Soul's Desire,"to Sincere music

laid to rest. on Him my couch is Careless, the born at And one of George by was Montgomery James

the earth and Then made my bed, beautiful Irvine, Ayrshire, Scotland, in our most heard hymns Novemseemed ber 4, 1771. His father was the In Eden's garden while I dreamed. services.

a Moravian Rev. Montgomery, John of Wayfaring Poor "A Man to death, nigh beaten wounded, wife, his minister, went Stript, with who, in originally Grief,"four written side; the highway by I found Him missionary a Indies to as the West pulse, I roused brought is back His line His eight stanzas, a great sermon

there. breath, died and James was apprenIt is said 25:35. based on Matthew

Revived at ticed to a of sixteen the age pubthat when the hymn was first Wine, oil, refreshment—HeHis Spirit, and suppliedwas healed;

grocer, but ran away two years later. I had myself a wound concealed, lished, "it made every heart beat

that the smart. forgot hour But from poetry at the age of He was writing time,"the coldest "that heart and

heart. peace up bound my broken to And to nineteen and went London kindled the gospel as with warmth

arrange for publication of his efforts, In prison I saw Him next, condemned the story swept on."

To meet a traitor's doom at morn;

The tide of lying tongues I stemmed,

And honored Him 'mid shame and

My friendship'sscorn. utmost zeal to try, '.".:::::.:..

He asked if I for Him would die; jjmGfi&t**-

The flesh was weak, my blood ran chill, But the free spirit cried, "I will!"

Then in a moment to my view The stranger started from disguise;

The tokens in His hands I knew,

The Savior stood before mine eyes.

He spake, and my poor name He named, "Of Me thou hast not been ashamed;

These deeds shall thy memorial be,

Fear not, thou didst them unto Me."

JOSEPH SMITH HYRUM SMITH JOHN TAYLOR WILLARD RICHARDS

19351936 CHAMPIONS OF THE FIRST INTERNATIONAL BASKETBALL

LEAGUE, ARE THESE OGDEN EIGHTH WARD COURTIERS, WHO WON

THE ALLCHURCH CHAMPIONSHIP IN A DRAMATIC FINALE AGAINST

SALT LAKE'S EIGHTEENTH WARD FIVE. THE OGDEN PLAYERS ARE:

(BACK ROW, LEFT TO RIGHT) COACH OWEN WANGSGAARD. LLOYD

SPARKS, EARL BURTON, FRED TURNQUIST, SPENCE WANGSGAARO,

AND V. W. HANSEN, MANAGER. (FRONT ROW, LEFT TO RIGHT)

LAWRENCE HUNTER, BLAINE STEELE, RALPH WIGGINS, ED.

THORSTED, AND CLYDE HUNTER.Twelve

OUT OF TWELVE THOUSAND

tournament was made up ofTwelve thousand young men By LES GOATES The of the Mutual Improvement qualified entries as follows:

Association in almost every The International, allEighteenth Ward, Salt Lake disstate in the Union, in Canada, HaChurch M Men Basketball trict champion; Third Ward, Salt

waii, Germany, England, CzechoTournament for 19351936 Lake district runnerup; Ogden

slovakia, and away down in South brought teams from many Eighth, Ogden region No. 1 team,

Africa, participated in the great instates and countries to play and Marriott, from the same section;

the churchwide chamtitlists Seventh,ternational basketball profor the from Logan Men M pionship of a high plane on country; of 193536. the season Provo Manavu, Cachegram during

Twelve of these young men reprecompetition, under the suchampion; Twin Falls and Swan

sented the Ogden Eighth Ward PERVISION of the Young Lake, the Idaho standard bearers;

and did so in a very adequate manMen's Mutual Improvement Santa Ana and Diamond Ward, ner. They won the championship Association. California qualifiers; Cardston, the

of the first international basketball best of the crop in Canada; St.

league in the world for the second entries. The Ogden Eighth Ward Johns, Arizona; and Elsinore, Milconsecutive season. club was pressed only in the secford, Cokeville, and Sunnyside, repThe Ogden team defeated the ond and fourth rounds of the big resenting various Utah districts.

Eighteenth Ward aggregation of titular tournament, by Manavu of These teams all had to pass through

Salt Lake City, 35 to 33, in a twoProvo, on the second day of the the crucible of adversity to qualify, extraperiod basket shooting classic, meet, and by the Eighteenth Ward by means of regional tournaments the climactic feature of which was in the finale. Ogden Eighth was and playoffs, for the Churchwide

acclaimed by all patrons of M Men a robust aggregation with a quickchampionship When these quinbasketball as the most successful breaking offense, an accurate shoottets opened the joust, Ogden interstake tournament ever held. ing game, and a rigid zone defense. Eighth, Logan Seventh, Salt Lake

For the second time in the history Tutored by Owen Wangsgaard, Eighteenth and Third, and Manavu of M. I. A. basketball, a championthe team bore all the characteristics were considered to have the best

ship team repeated as titleholder of a wellgroomed junior college chances for victory.

against a field of some five hundred squad. At the conclusion of the breath358

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

IN RUNNERSUP ALLCHURCH taking, double classic, overtime of the fast independents to demonBASKETBALL TOURNEY Saltwhen Lake Eighteenth dewas strate I. A. EIGHTEENTH M. in WARD exhibition BASKETBALL the matches

TEAM: IN SECOND feated PLACE THE INTERby Eighth, the Ogden chambenefits of careful training capand STAKE M MEN BASKETBALL TOURNAMENT pions, the runnersup, St. and Johns, TO WENT THE EIGHTEENTH QUINWARD able coaching. difficult It would be TET, ENSIGN STAKE TITLEHOLDERS the consolation champions, were FOR to the measure THE benefits SECOND CONSECUTIVE that SEASON. achave THE

PLAYERS,presented their with (FRONT ROW, TO LEFT RIGHT): awards. Burcrued this from great athletic con- J. PLATT, LARRY SMITH, KIMBALL BILLton K. Farnsworth the of General VANDERWERF, CHICK EARL WADE, MAW, ference to the thousands of boys AND RALPH TUCKER. (BACK ROW, LEFT I.Board the of Y. A. gave M. M. have who given been TO RIGHT): recreational EARL PIERCE, MUTUALgold basketball to fobs the PRESIDENT; JACK BENSON, BENDICK Ogden physical and development. SON, BOB BENSON, THERON BRUUN, ANDplayers silver to fobs and Salt the G. COACH ELMER THORUM. The Mutual Improvement Assochampions. St.Lake reJohns

ceived a basketball. ciation Basketball Conference

reaches class a of young that men Richards, in director charge of the Deseret The awards, team News otherwise would have to chance no interstake tournament. the Undertraditional with basketball, Men display their M athletic prowess. Alsponsorship of the General Boardwere presented Les Goates, by though high letter school winners are of the Young Men's Mutual Imsports editor the of Deseret News. eligible to in compete the Men provement Association, these skilled M this silver awards yearThe were league after retiring from compeenergetic and promoters bronzeand plaques, mounted tition it for a year, is surprisingly on in advancing calibre the of Men succeededMwalnut. rare to find a team of a up made basketball to a high degree of

majority of former scholastic stars. smoothness perfection. and The

I. A. basketballHPhe M. movement basketeers Mutual of 193536 imPaid coaches barred from

its to projected was unprece- a proved at rate such that they participating basketball, Men in Maredented magnitude by Homer C. recorded victories innumerable is over which another important factor

Warner, head of the Church physoutstanding preparatory school in keeping the sport wholesome.

ical activity program, and Reed teams and even went into the field (Continued on page 391

RATED FIVE BEST

I N LEAGUE TWELVE THOUSANDF THESE FIVE M MEN BASKETEERS WERE ACCLAIMED BY COACHES AND CRITICS, AS THE OUTSTAN DING PLAYERS IN THE ANNUAL INTERSTAKE TOURNAAND CHOSEN MENT OFWEREON 1936THE OFFICIALNEWS DESERETHONOR TEAM. THEY ARE:

DICK(LEFT TO BENSON,RIGHT) EIGHTEENTH WARD; ROSS OVERSON, ST. JOHNS,

ARIZONA; EARL

BURTON, OGDEN EIGHTH; FRED

TURNQUIST, OGDEN EIGHTH, AND HARRY McPHEETERS.

THIRD WARD.

(bditonal more easily established than evil ones, and they do not or fetter. 'Jjeath cJrap of the Ciges enslave formula for avoiding the moral death traps A simple

"LJancock Park, on Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles, of life was given by the Lord to Joseph Smith and

A A barren and dismal except for the beautiful border Oliver Cowdery, young men who desired to achieve of exotic trees and priceless hibiscus shrubs, contains greatly in life. "Look unto me in every thought."Men

the worldfamous Rancho La Brea pits, into which whose "every thought"is centered upon truth, virtue, black, sticky tar is oozing from subterranean sources. and righteousness, upon the ways and commands of

After a rain, when a layer of water covers and hides the Lord, cannot be caught by the death traps of earth, the ugly tar, the pits may be mistaken for promising Young men ask for secrets of success. The tar pits

ponds of refreshing water. of Hancock park reveal one of the most important.

The tar pits are old, age old, for out of them have Form good habits; fear evil ones—and success will been dug tens of thousands of bones, thousands of plead for your companionship.—-/ A. W.

complete skeletons, of animals, many now extinct

in wolves,phants—whichbisons, sloths, tigers, lions, camels, and elethe long ago roamed over the land <tvtng in <Qjeason California. called Southern

Thirsty animals often walked into the deceptive pits TIany things traditionally begin and end in June—

in search of water. Their feet once in the sticky tar *'* month of weddings when young men and women

were held as in a vise. If they had leaped into the deep begin life together; month of graduation when sheltered

parts of the pits, they were drawn downward, slowly school days end and the real business of making a living but irresistibly, into the horrible black mass of tar, to begins; month of spring's departing and of summer's

their death. If their feet had been caught in the shallows coming. June with its beginnings and its endings reof the pits, there followed a period of starvation to minds us that there is a season for all things and that in

death, with vain, diminishing struggles for freedom the most successful lives all things are done in season;

from the grip of the pit. and youth, the springtime of life, is the season of prepaIn the Los Angeles Museum where many of the ration for greater and more productive work to follow.

skeletons are recovered from the Brea pits Rancho La sure that should make Young men and young women exhibited, paintpainted hangs a picture, famous by the their early, adequate, preparations are springtime and illustrate prehistoric er to scenes, of Charles R. Knight, in direction. right the the aged be rememit may To

of ages."the ancient the tragedies trap of "the death it regret, but to should with bered youth be remembered

A giant sloth has wandered into a tar pit. Three feet with hopefulness and determination, that work

are in the sticky mass. The animal cannot extricate which should be done in the springtime can never be

itself; there is no help. One can almost hear the first done as well at any other time. In any undertaking

animal, gradually shrieks of loud becoming the doomed difficult is to recover so from as none and much life—it pitiful All agonizing as approaches. death a moaning start. of growing in a world an unsatisfactory And

lions, of beasts prey, are other around and wolves and it difficult the increasingly complexity, to meet becomes it the feast to sloth as as trapped soon seems upon life successfully the of winter the summer, and autumn safe to do so. without broad and adequate preparation in the spring.

visitor stretched ago, to a the a park few weeks Only of disappointed unsuccessful the and men we Many for rest the surrounding the out of wall rock one on see lived us unseasonable are have around men who fell pit. oits. off into the rolled asleep, wall the He let lives. the using spring pass without by have They

into his tar to shoulthe he discovered sunk had When its realizing for then, intended purpose. season And

ders, scant quarter of hour death an a away. and was to late tried neglect, of the error too they have do

The Rancho La Brea pits, with their record of animal spring's work in summer and summer's work in the tragedies, are physical symbols of the mental and moral autumn, and winter has found them with no harvest.

pits or traps into which men and women, immeasurably There are none so hopelessly handicapped as they who above animals in intelligence, may fall to their injury have let pass by the time for preparation and who are or death. On every hand are evil offerings which, if forced to live their lives out of season.

flesh will into the accepted, nature die? themselves and is useful place the time for taking to qualify Youth

pit, tar is such a moral Alcohol tobacco of man. is in for useful is crying that women. a world men and

cruelty, realms, other In another, yet another. indolence are the Useful and and women only men men women

that, traps lead are dishonesty, and immorality life. find in contentment happiness and And to dewho

struction. their realize for to the only and women men way

Moral tar pits like those of Rancho La Brea, are greatest possible usefulness is to use the time of youth merciless. Once they have secured a slave, they do not as a time of intelligent preparation for the more exactlet go. Habits are established, black, ugly, remorseless, ing and rigorous seasons.

to that, horror tar of like the men down La Brea, draw of this the greatest opporyouth have Church The are the habits humankind, bad and death. For real tunity for service usefulness that has ever been and

"death trap of the ages."offered any generation in the recorded history of manYet, men may avoid such moral traps. Reasonable, kind. The opportunity must not be taken lightly. It

intelligent observation should really be sufficient. may be realized and utilized only after the price of

Around the Rancho La Brea pits vegetation is scanty preparation has been paid. The Lord will not hold and dwarfed—a warning of the evil nature of the pits. guiltless any Latterday Saint who allows the time

Around every man of evil habits there is poverty of of youth to slip by without having prepared well and spirit, an absence of living fire. Why not heed the intelligently for service in the seasons of life that follow.

warning! "To everything there is a season, and a time to every

Habits are valuable if good. It must be a chief conpurpose under the heaven."Youth is the time for

cern of life to seek good instead of bad habits. Men laying broad foundations, and making earnest preparacannot have both, for they lead in opposite directions. tions for usefulness and service. Happy are they who

In fact, good habits, contrary to popular belief, are live their lives in season. JR. L. E.

appeal to youth An FROM THE GENERAL SUPERINTENDENCY AND PRESIDENCY OF

THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

"Let virtue garnish thy thoughts unceasingly, then shall thy confidence wax strong in the presence of God."

tions for the coming year the admonition of theWITHfragrantEACH summertimerecurring year,approaches,as the welovely,reWe announce as the theme for our organizaawaken to its romance and beauty. This Lord to His people through His inspired Prophet:

unceasingly, "Let virtue thoughts garnish thy then is season. a joyous than more month of June, The

shall thy confidence of strong in the presence wax other, is the great of symbolic of youthany army

Cov. 121:45.in our Mutual Improvement Associations. In both God."—Doc. and

to the thoughtthis slogantheme commend Weare activity; in both is the promise new lifegrowth,

ful, prayerful consideration of our members and thingsof to come.

officers. Our thoughts are father to our words and

All nature is glad. It responds to the law and deeds. "Blessed are the pure in heart."

order of the universe. Strange it is that among Particularly during the vacation days of the

such beauty and harmony, a large part of mankind, summertime now at hand, do we admonish our the highest creation of the Lord, is out of tune. young people to be on their guard against temptaBecause of selfishness and greed the whole world tion. Have your play day in the great outof-doors,

is in commotion. Strife and sin are widespread refresh your bodies and minds in Nature's lifewhere there should be peace and goodwill. giving storehouse; but keep your thoughts on a high

"The earth is the Lord's and the fulness thereof."plane: let selfcontrol never yield her guiding hand.

The members of the M, I. A. have a high and We are on the eve of another glorious June Connoble mission to perform in declaring by their lives ference of the Mutual Improvement Associations of

and by their teachings their unwavering faith in a the Church. Once more, thousands of our people

Supreme Being. As officers and leaders it is our will gather together for instruction and inspiration.

first opportunity and responsibility to lead the These days of the Conference will be alive with the youth of the Church to a belief in God the Eternal spirit of goodfellowship and cooperation. A great

Father. He lives; He is the Creator of the uniprogram for another year will be launched through

verse; He is the Father of us all. He is not merely widely varied presentations. The colorful festivals

an essence and force, but a glorified, immortal of dancing and music, the demonstrations and exBeing, full of love and mercy; and it is to Him that hibits, the earnest addresses and fervent testimonies

all men must give an accounting for the lives they will all contribute to make this another outstanding live. All Nature declares a divine Authorship; we event in M. I. A. history.

too should join in the hymn of praise. It will be a thoughtful but enthusiastic gathering

These are glorious days. The earth has been of the leaders of youth. May the message of the

renewed with its fresh, clean dress. So our souls June time be in every heart.

should be renewed and cleansed. The youth of We are not unmindful of the fact that even as

Zion are called upon to raise their banners of purity this issue of The Improvement Era comes to the and purposeful living to the world. "Be ye clean, field, other conferences of notable significance are

ye that bear the vessels of the Lord."All around being held in the European missions, and it may be

us ideals and standards are toppling into the dust. in other sections. Thousands of our fellow workers

What has been sacred is made common and cheap. in these lands across the sea are even now in sesThe good life is being set aside as oldfashioned, sion, uniting their spirits and efforts in promoting

antiquated. Vicious men and women are promulthis mighty work.

gating doctrines which if followed will lead youth We send our affectionate greetings to all our and adults alike to destruction. The youth of Zion workers in whatever stake or ward, land or clime

must be guided away from this pernicious influence they may dwell. We are sincerely grateful for

and must themselves arise and assert their wills the faithfulness and devotion manifested by both against this deadly evil. "The wages of sin is leaders and members, and for the many accomplishdeath"is as true today as when uttered long ago. ments that continuously mark our progress. Our

Obedience to the moral law will bring happiness prayers of thanksgiving ascend to the Giver of all and progress; disobedience never can. good.

Albert E. Bowen, Ruth May Fox,

George Q. Morris, Lucy Grant Cannon,

FranklinSuperintendency—YoungL. West, Men's ClarissaPresidency—YoungA. Beesley,Women's

Mutual Improvement Association. Mutual Improvement Association.

himOn

Los Angeles Stake Divided Thurber Ward, Wayne Stake honor of this unusual event, an anni-

S\n May 3, President Heber J. Grant, S\n Sunday, April 19, Elder Reuben versary reunion was held for all pres-

\"Elder Melvin J. Ballard, and Dr. Meeks was sustained Bishop of ent and former ward members to honor

of the of the Council John A. Widtsoe Thurber Ward,

Apostles, Presiding Bishop Twelve Wayne Stake. andlong,congratulatefaithful, andtheseefficientofficers onservice.their Nevada Dedication Stake

B. Sylvester Friday, and Cannon, 24, April Harold 1936, Q. the anniwas dedicated Dresident Heber Grant J. Salt of versary president Lee, of date Stake Pioneer celebrated with musical a the Stake at Tabernacle Nevada at the in attendance City program, dancing, were Lake and refreshments in Ely, Nevada, April on Sunday, 26, created for a ceremonies Hall which the Long older Whitney members. 1936. building cost sixtyfive The dividing Beach, President Stake Beach Long present Heber Grant by was J. dollars thousand built in 1 927. and was to congratulations, extend harbor Angeles Beach, as Los also Redondo were

district, Huntington Beach, Santa Ana, Hollywood Stake Divided many others of the General Authorities and Anaheim from the Los Angeles S\n April 19 a new stake, Pasadena, of the Church. On Saturday afternoon

Stake. was created under the supervision the children held their celebration. On

The president of the new stake is of President David O. McKay, Elder Sunday, April 26, the annual ward conJohn W. Jones. His counselors are Reed Smoot and Dr. John A. Widtsoe, ference was held under the direction

Russel B. Hodgson and Dr, C. Douglas members of the Quorum of the Twelve of the stake presidency.

Barnes. Leo J. Muir is still the presApostles.

ident of the Los Angeles Stake. His David H. Cannon, formerly president Dr. Richard R. Lyman New

new counselors are B. M. Jones and of Hollywood Stake, resides in the European Mission President

John M. Iverson. newly created Pasadena Stake and has "\r. Richard R. Lyman was apits chosen been president with Rulon pointed president of the European Approved Budget School Church H. Dr. and Cheney BuckLeroy J. mission the First 20 on Presiby May of 11, 1936, the Board Church A pril miller his as counselors. to succeed dency Dr. F. Joseph Merfor the budget approved Education Edling Wilford G. been has aprill in served that has capacity who to $680,000. amounting Schools Church pointed president of the Hollywood since 1933. 25, August Mrs. Amy with Stake Preston Richards and D. Divided Mission Mexican first counselor in Brown Lyman, the

HPhe First Presidency announced Jesse R. Pettit counselors. National Woman's Relief Society, wilL

* April 14, 1936, that the Mexican Eighteenth Ward Reunion accompany her husband and act as

Mission has been divided. President 'T'hirty years'continuous service as head of all the women's auxiliary orHarold W. Pratt will preside over the presiding officers of the Eighteenth ganizations in Europe. At the time this

Mexican Mission in Mexico and OrWard is the notable record of Thomas issue goes to press, Dr. and Mrs. Lylando C. Williams will preside over A. Clawson, Lafayette T. Whitney, man have not decided definitely when

the Mexican Mission in the U. S. Ezra T. Stevenson, the bishopric, and they will leave for their new assignErnest F. Schettler, the clerk. In ment.John William Hart Passes On

John William Hart, president of the

Rigby Stake in Idaho and member of the Church Auditing Committee, passed away April 5, 1936. The announcement which was made in general conference of the Church brought

sorrow to many who had known of his ability and exemplary life. Devoted to

the Church, he had served in the various branches of the Priesthood, as an officer in the Sunday School, Y. M.

M. I. A., and Bishop. He also filled a

mission to the Southern States. He

held the position of stake president from March 10, 1912, until the time of his death.

Church Aid for Missionaries 'T'he First Presidency announced

X April 15, 1936, that the Church will pay the traveling expenses of missionMISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE L. D. S.

MISSION HOME fieldsaries to their the of labor when

ARRIVED APRIL 16 APRIL DEPARTED 6 ANDexpense dollars. exceeds one hundred Front row, left to right: Edith Sylvia Helen Young, M. Lindberg,

V. Garlick, Dorothy Sharp, Nearah Bouwhuis, Smart. K. Marie LaVonHawthorne Ward, Granite Stake G. Bodily,Second Summers, Ida Kohier, Eudell row, right to left: Ronald Christensen, Martin, Lavon Frank

John H. Taylor President of the Missionary Allred, Child, Pyper, Dwain Clyde Home; A. Lonson Ruth April 19, 1936, Bishop Henry M.Qn H. Flake, Junius L. Payne, Jr. Andrus C. Gonzalez,

released Taggart left was E. Johnson, row, and Third Fred Earl to right: Morrell Keate, Turner. Orvil Richard Parry, N. L. Murdock,

Curtis sustained as Bishop. JosephFourthV. Ward,row,Marvinright Hymas,to left: GilbertParleyS. Stewart,V. Oleson,OrvilleBarneyG. Thompson,G. Powell, ErnestArthurF. H.Wesemann.Strong, Alvin M.

Nineteenth Ward, Salt Lake Stake Jacobsen,Lorenzo P. JaimesAllen. G. Bundy, DeLos Rowe, Anita Richardson, Boyd C. Cheney, William 'Walkejnhorst,

left Fifth row, 0. right: to Erickson, Merrill, Clifford B. Ira Wilson, Mecham, Norman B. Vere of Chapel'T'he the Nineteenth Ward,

Shepherd, Mertlich, Q. Allred, Gail P. Noyes. M. Theras Cragun, C. C. Monitor A Salt Stake, Lake was dedicated left: row, right by L. CarlyleSixth Charles to J. Farley, Wright, Herbert E. A. Ludwig, C. Anderson, Grant

David A. Parker, F. Blake, Ray H. Lauber, Edwin P. Jordan. WilfordPresident Heber J. Grant on Sunday,

left row, Top right: Butler, to Cook, Joseph Alma Wayne P. Vorkink, Grant B. Thurgood, Morris 15.April L. R. Menhennel, Stevens.

.

Talking drums By JOHN SCOTT DOUGLAS

the first streamlined train through

Black River Gorge in a little less than an hour! It was not, of course,

the first transcontinental trip for a streamlined train. But it was the

first time such a train was to cross the Cascades.

His friend Ray Allard, on duty at

Black River Gorge Junction, had told him about it two days ago.

HE JOGGED ALONG AT A DOGCliff Tanner, the second man at the

TROT. HIS BODY WAS DRENCHranger station, was taking the afterPULSES ED; HIS HAMMERING.

HIGHER AND HIGHER HE noon shift. Larry agreed to come

CLIMBED,BECAME UNTILA SNAKELIKETHE RIVER to the Junction in time to see the

SPECKS BLACK THREAD.

HIS SMARTtrain which was making history on DANCED BEFORE

ING EYES, AND HIS HEAD this run. It was to have the rightWAS SPINNING. ofway, and would be traveling at

Iarry Warner this drew tremendous speed. now And

trail, his cheerfullyup short on the track! blocked the avalanche had

humorous face suddenly going turn and he had narrowly escaped Larry stared eastward. But he

blank. Rattling rocks! Avalanches with his life. The deer had cut the could not see the Junction; he could

were altogether too common in surface tension of the shale at the not even see it from the ranger cabin

Black River Gorge. top. young started rocks the The That had the lookout from Big on

forest ranger's blue eyes farther were and moving down now Mountain! made this—norSquaw The river

anxious as he stared up the slope avalanche! a sharp turn north just east of the

he had just descended. No sign of Like lava from an erupting volstation, rounded a big promontory,

bounding rocks or a moving slide up cano, the rocks, shale, and earth and turned south, before following there! cascaded down the slope in a gray its general eastwest course.

But the rattling had changed to a wave. The wave rippled over Larry wondered if Ray Allard

thunderous, ringing roar. Larry's ledges, poured down sheer faces of had heard the avalanche at the

alert glance took in the slope below small cliffs, and thundered down upJunction. The promontory prevented

him to the swinging bridge spanning on the Northwestern tracks. Even him from seeing it, of course, but it

the rockwalled black river, and rose there, it did not stop. The L-shaped was possible that even with the wind

on the opposite bank. Avalanche! break between the railroad cut and away from him he had caught some

slope filled whole seemed to have the The in until tracks was quickly suggestion of the rumble-—not to lava.turned sea moving the the tracks even slope above was A great to realize enough, perhaps, the exof rock flowed down the steep side with that below. tent of the slide, or its danger.

-of the gorge. Here and there a And the avalanche moved on! And the train would be coming

huge granite boulder escaped the Down the bank toward the river, through this gorge faster than any flow, bounding train the trip before! ever had made

it struck a rocky highledge—boundingin the air as wavesand intosprangthe gorge.high as Whitecrestedthe avalanche in his the Larry disaster could see

like a tossed pebble. As Larry's struck the water. mind's eye. Cars telescoped, deeyes traveled up the seething slope, Part of the debris, however, swept railed, careening down into the black

he saw a frightened deer clambering onto the swinging bridge, which waters of the river far below. Steam

swiftly upward. trembled, broke. sagged, then and hissing, beings human dying—his forest ranger saw The young cause this avalanche? Un- A deer to stop the warn Ray He must

believable! And yet Larry had last link with civilization broken. train. But how could he? Imposseen a slide started by less. Once Something gripped Larry's throat as sible now to get across the river,

in the days when he had known he saw the south end of the bridge with no bridge! Equally impossible

little of such things he had skied drop into the swirling waters. It to travel far enough along this cragacross the face of a sharp snowy could be repaired—but not in time. gy slope in an hour to so much as

slope. That had been sufficient to With glazed eyes he watched the see the Junction! Signals from the

cut the surface tension holding the slope gain cohesion again, watched lookout tower? Equally futile! They

slope. The small slide which had the dust rise in clouds. could not be seen from the Junction,

started had swiftly gained momenThe Northwestern was sending (Continued on page 386)

'ALL THAT SHE SO DEAR DID SONNET IN JUNE TOMORROW'S MAN

WEIGH"By Sylvia Probst By Betnice G. Anderson

By Emily C. Burke

shall not be alone when you are gone: TJTe guides the furrow of the plow!

HEN Clarabel put on the veil I Wild roses bloom, and there will be * * The sweet soil gaily springs apart, tree; in heart, hung the willow throbbing earth reveals her moon Of And A silver shall say—gladness—who

to larks greetwIn breezes are back slender dawn: cool mien The his brow. As laughing me at the

She stood, the queen I shall not be alone when you are gone. He does not pause to wonder how

Of brides that rare June day. All mine—the glory of a young June sky, His dim world builds its destiny,

The laughter of white water passing by, Cast toward a vast Eternity

When children clustered at her knee The coolness of a shadow on the lawn: This lad who surely guides the plow.

Like rosebuds round a rose, I shall not be alone when you are gone.

Her slender grace Roses, brooks, and birds that sing Tomorrow's man—a boy today,

Gave subtle trace These all are mine, these—and remembering He whistles as he goes along,

Of a maturer pose. Another day with you—another June, And watches merry birds at play,

Lovely as some oldfashioned tune that The harness creaking with his song.

Her liege lord, of modern tastes, lingers on: He lives his world in dreams, as now,

Remarked with some distress: I shall not be alone when you are gone. He guides the furrow of the plow.

"My Clarabel I love so well!

Where's gone thy slenderness?"COMPANIONS A SONG OF YOUTH

his eve, oneThen June Clarabel By Helen Hinckley By Linnie Fisher Robinson weird! in accents called He

love For of him arise now, dream WILL and T my dream, trivial the mind, long tied to now A ND She'd grown its crest gold; with peaks * And tasks, so slim, **

softly disappeared! She I oh, touch a For have magic Rebels. It leaves the charted to plumb way

The deeps, beyond the question one man And youth dares to be bold.

MOTHER IN JUNE Another,asks to the place where all minds come And I will choose the high road, shall sigh; stop or not to search for meaning, grope for I By Elaine Hyde Thomas At times,

oh, For I have a Sesame truth.

of the heart beats high. youth not design be And purpose must and GIRL! WhyBABY known? sight of the I've always you craved

I unstintingly, will give And birth, senility youth? death and and Why I face. your sawLoved you—before at This world command; my fears each stumbling, to mind, walk And here you'reAnd now oh, are eyes eyes eager For my alone. it is June! And

is in hand. youth And my

infinite for the will seeking pray Some girl!Tiny I will sing song, brave a And in surcease from fear seek humbled And curls are 'round tangledYour my heart. cry; without song a A pleas, life greater partMy is yours—the is oh, faith faith perfect For my fling others to brave banners the day Some toSince you gave me God die. never such can And transient, ecstacies; at snatch phantom And in June. day That

I shall the But with Petrarch through walk

School girl! hills,

YourMy faithfolliesin youhold mayyou helpcloseyouto me.see Or daffodils.see, with Wordsworth's eyes, the MY BOY

How proud I'll be of you! By Lamont Johnson

When it comes June.

Bride girl! JUNE *T'veTo NEVERtake mehadwherea lot Iofchoose.wealth

Now I'm the child, weeping because you go. By Mabel Spande Havmet Nor fancy yachts and summer homes

May He who> gave you years ago, And stuff I couldn't use.

Help me to give unselfishly June is a lover, a gay young romancer

Your wedding June! Who brings me a bright crimson rose But I have had a little boy

for my hair; Come calling "Daddy, See!"

He plucks columbines from the depths of About some little thing he had, the woodland So proud to show to me. IT IS JUNE

at To cast my feet with a rollicking air.

By Carmen Malone And thump me with his little fists,

A maker of melodies, airy, entrancing, And greet me at the door, wideflung is meadows his is June when tug sending music might with all sweet and plead: June; And A troubadorIT

floor.""Let's greets wrestle the luscious ecstasy lark in sheer of blooms, mornon The a spread me at Form

ing millions thickets of moist fromWhen

Wave gay ladyslipper plumes, And soft insect symphonies lull me at noon. I've gathered up the toys he had!

When from sunny windswept pastures And put them in a sack,

Bouncing betties nod and blink, June sends me perfume of fragrance exotic, And when I see them now I feel

And the rolling woodland hillsides Breath of a thousand flowers gathered at I've got him partly back.

Are a mass of laurel pink. dawn;

He gathers rare jewels in the shadow of I had him just a little while,

It is June when out of wastelands even But long enough to find

Buttercups form fields of gold, To fling with a lavish hand over my lawn. More pleasure having him around

When the paint brush of the prairies, Than all the diamonds mined.

Flaunts its bright tufts—scarlet, bold; Should I be happy if June were more constant? "rich brooksides the count mossy your coin and You dampWhen

gifts all call it violet beds; luxurious scented men"—youwealth, but Brought sweet Are the year? And me mayme—

drifted profusion; I've the of fencerows I should I'd rather white think such of times be surfeited heard byAnd

Are a throng of daisy heads. June stays but briefly, and therefore is dear. My boy call "Daddy, See!"

Loose buttons By PAULINE CLARK A SHORT SHORTSTORY COMPLETE ON THIS PAGE

since that memHow could I forget such an importorable dayE|verwhen Richard Williams ant thing?"she smiled. "I'll have

had stood before his kindergarten them on in plenty of time."

class to say his poem, and the button Several days later David Hulton on his trousers had given away, he rekindled the fire of Richard's pet had hated loose buttons. peeve.

When he had taken his place with "Say, Rich, have you seen a

David Hulton as junior law partner, safetypin around? Button came off.

and had seen David arrive almost Here's hoping your wife sews your every morning with a button off his buttons on."

shirt, Richard had made a vow: "Well, if she doesn't, I'm getting

"I'll never marry a woman that a divorce."

can't sew on buttons!""I've heard that one before,"

Several months later, amid showlaughed David.

ering rice, flowers, and laughter, Richard decided to give Florence

Richard and Florence made their one more chance. With a box of

getaway in a car decked with old chocolates under his arm, he started shoes, bottles, ragdolls, and other home. She took the coat downstairs, and

afterthe-wedding accessories. In "Chocolates for me, Rich? You're thrust it into Miss Stevens'hands,

so kitchen into the then went and thoughtful."rush someonethe mad yanked the a darling—so seen. not tears be might herbuttons loose "For sewing coat. Richard's on the buttons on my that

Some time later, remembering the coat."While his secretary sewed on the

damage, Richard showed it to his "Buttons again! Won't you ever buttons, Richard, having thought

wife. get them off your mind?"better of this rash plan, was driving

"Look, dear, what someone did to "Not until I know they're securely wildly home in his car, hoping to my coat the night of our wedding."sewed on."overtake Miss Stevens. But she was

"Loose buttons? Well, it could "And what if I refuse?"already standing at the curb waiting

for up. the streetcar drove as he get a divorce!""Thenhave been might much I'll—I'll worse—they called. I too late?"he "Am right, "All stolen and see ifhave go ahead, your wife,"Florence

laughed. I care! Buttons!"And she threw 'Too late? For what?""You'll sew them on?"the chocolates across the table. "The buttons—have you sewed

on?"them next! Richard's head not tonight."What "Of course—but "You men sure give me a pain. the floor of the as whirled he paced "In the morning?"

"Oh, yes, darling, the first thing."office the next day. He had to tell Your wife had those buttons sewed

But next evening Richard found someone about it, so he called in on a week ago!"

his coat just as he had left it. He David. "Honestly?"Here he had been

could sew on his own buttons, but "You've got to help me, Dave,"so busy worrying about them that he if he started he'd always have it to he finished. had forgotten to look lately.

do. He decided to leave the coat on Richard was afraid to go home.

the chair where Florence would see i\t Dave's suggestion, he He rode around ordering flowers it without fail. found himself sending Miss Stevens and candy, sending them on ahead.

Florence didn't see it. out to sew on the buttons. He finally drifted back to the office Next morning he laid it over the Florence answered the door.—and phoned

bed. She would have to pick it up "Mr. Williams sent me out to "Hello, dear. What? You'renow. sew some buttons—you're going home to your mother?

That evening he ran whistling up "On his coat,"Florence finished, No! Never! I won't let you—I'm

the stairs. His coat hung neatly in turning to run upstairs, the hot tears coming home right now, darling.

the closet, with the buttons still stinging her eyelids. She tore the I'm so sorry. And to think you had

hanging on threads! coat from its hanger and found a those buttons sewed on a week ago!

At dinner Richard mentioned the needle and thread. I'll never forgive myself, sweetdinner party at the Hulton's. The coat he had worn at their heart!"

"And by the way, dear, you'll sew wedding—how tall and handsome he After she had hung up the rethe buttons on, won't you?"had looked! She almost wished she ceiver, Florence giggled softly.

"Oh, yes, it seems that I have a had sewed the buttons on. But it Really, secretaries weren't so bad

faint recollection of loose buttons. was too late now. after all.

the Universe Exploring S. HARRIS, JR. By FRANKLIN

Appendicitis Attacks Men Gold and Silver Tablets ing twentyone million miles in the last

Oftener Than Women Discovered three weeks. It came closer to the

earth thing than in other the any heavsilver, plates of gold and "pNGRAVED to is have apt as twice man youngA *-l ens, except possibly comets. or one two in languages: three inscribed Old** woman. young appendicitis as a 6, (Science, 1936.) March Persian, Elamite, Babylonian, have and in cases thousand of three studyA beautifully limein cut discovered been is disease this thatCincinnati shows Frost Destroys Roads How

scientists the stone boxes from by and adolescents frequent amongmore University Ctudies at Harvard by of Institute University of the Oriental others, and adults than amongyoung Professor Arthur Casagrande on apparently deChicago. were They boys and prevalent men amongmore frost will destroys help roads imhow in of posited ancient cornerstones an girls. (Science andthan among women in frostprove roads the construction of is the Persepolis, at palace near what It does 1936. 7, ) Letter, MarchNews resisting highways. (Science Persia. in of city News Shiraz The modern trifle disease nor the to withnot pay Letter, 29, February of 1936.) One tablets of greatness the account bear an treatment. surgical Theto delay

is findings the that engineers have of the Great the of Darius empire cases in the elapsed, timeaverage greatly underestimated the tremendous B. about C. (Popular Mechanics 515 first and symptoms thestudied, between ice pressures that highbeneath form 1936.) Magazine, May, 3.8hospital admission was days—much in cold weather, causing the ways roads treatment. for proper the longtoo A. Captain Orvil Anderson to crack. and heave the lower The

Radio Tube Without Filament Honored temperature the greater the ice presif five freezing is slow, ice the sure, and Harof the 1935 awarding without a HPhe tube radio indefinitely, layers gradually grow may the Internaair trophies of A mon potentialities having**"A filamentnew typeand layers forming of considerable thickannounc- tional of Aviators was League radio light weight television in and is It this extra water, in the form 17. Orvil April A. ness. Captain ed aircraft for shown transmitters was

ice, of results in heaving, giving which stratosphere pilot of a Anderson, first publicly time by for the recently

Philo T. Farnsworth, a former Utah balloon flight last November which set an uneven road surface. "In clean

gravel sand and found have no we feet, the received of record 72,395 a Philadelphia. of engineer an boy, now

ice of field in layers, either growth or of story spherical balloon award. The the Multias tube, known The new laboratory observations. Such flight main his Improveappeared the May type, is coldcathode the of pactor,

terials are, therefore, extensively used Earhart Jean and Era. Amelia ment in filament as hot without operating a

in construction in highway of a form honors shared of Zealand Batten New tube, types. Mr. present new The

thick in foundation, places the where aviatrix both for best the year's and of Institute the to said Farnsworth soil underlying serious cause would given Musick, awards. C. were Edwin be of great should Engineers, Radio

if it trouble frost penetrated were by pilot the of PanAmerican Airways transmission television in advantage depth."to any considerable first trip to the Clipper on its China its response quicker and of because

aviator's Philippines, the was awarded amplification. (Science, March 13, Make Can Now Schiller of the Amateurs trophy. H. Captain von 1936.) Snapshot Prints in Color

fifth the Zeppelin award company won

Modern Energy Supplies as a dirigible pilot. Captain Anderson HPhat color photography is within the

"'"Phere are energy sources for man's told his own story of the record break- A grasp of the amateur photographer * every need for thousands of ing stratosphere flight in several Utah is the belief of Frederick Eugene Ives, years, despite the fact that his demands towns during a lecture tour early in inventor who made the half tone and have increased over forty told in the May. color reproduction available to newspapers magazines. and In an interview is conthe last This years."hundred

given in Science Letter, Febar- Depressions in Babylon News in Egloff an clusion of Dr. Gustav

taxes, high women in inruary 22, 1936, described a Mr. Ives ticle

inflation simplified problems process."threecolor were,L* dustry and No 1936. in Wethe Sciencedon't knowMonthly,how April,much ["Repressions,

energy we will need in the future, but in Babylon as they are today. (Literary elaborate equipment or cameras are

it will be a huge amount. So far man Digest, February 29, 1936.) Under necessary, just the use of two plates,

has never failed in inventiveness to the direction of Dr. John A. Wilson, placed face to face in any camera.

make the machines to use our great archeologists of the University of ChiFrom these when properly developed, resources to lessen man's labor, and cago are busy decoding thousands of as many prints as desired can be made he will probably be able to lighten his clay tablets made by scribes of twentyat a cost of about twentyfive cents a work in the future. Dr. Egloff confive hundred years ago. In 539 B. C., print. Free use of his patented polysiders coal, oil, natural gas, water after the Persians had conquered the chrome process is his eightieth birthday

power, wood, wind, alcohol, even dicountry there was a sharp rise in prices. gift to amateur photographers.

taxes, levied Persians heavy internal heat of The energy, rect and sun the Sun Rays Used to Make Cold price farmers rose of farmlands and his conclusion. in reaching the earth

unable to pay taxes lost their farms. A patent has recently been granted

A Walking Fish The conquerors hoarded the precious "to a New Jersey inventor for a

HPhe March Natural History demetals resulting in inflation almost refrigerator run by sun heat. ( Science,

A scribes a fish which drowns if it bankrupting the country. Women in March 20, 1936.) Instead of using gas

cannot reach the air, climbs steep industry caused trouble that resulted in or electricity, solar energy operates it;

banks, walks long distances on dry their being replaced by slaves. the hotter the sun, the quicker the

It trees. land, climbs is found even and

in rivers tidal in fresh and water India, New Minor Planet Byfreezingusing temperaturesa system withcanwaterbe obtained.and amCeylon, Burma, and the Malay Penin- A new minor planet has recently been monia, and hydrogen gas, the sun's

sula and Archipelago. Other species "discovered, on February 12, by heat boils off the ammonia, and when

exist in Africa. The fish has gills but the Belgian astronomer, Professor E. the ammonia condenses in the cooling

these must be aided by atmospheric Delporte, who named it Anteros. coils of the refrigerator, it absorbs heat.

air or it soon dies. One fish has been Though it is only the size of a The patent has been assigned to a

known to travel more than three hunsmall mountain, in size about one resident of Miami Beach, Florida, dred feet on land in about thirty third of a mile in diameter, it narrowly where the sun's rays are hot and minutes. missed the earth on February 7, speedplentiful.

Ill Moving mountains By WALTER L BAILEY

THE STORY THUS FAR

Spike Ambry, engineer of the freighter "Banaza,"with BobHamond and Dan Bolin, assistant engineers, was stranded in the

Arctic region, their engine dead and their crew having deserted them in the only life boat when the cry went up that there were icebergs ahead. The three gathered provisions, guns, and

clothing, pitched them to the icy shelf of an iceberg, and made their leap onto it. They saw the "Banaza"caught between

two mountains of ice and crushed with the radio's dying voice floating out to them: "Lo, I am with you alway, even unto

the end of the world!"Finding a cave on the iceberg, Bob, Dan,

and Spike hastily rigged up a kind of camp. Bob and Dan, after having slept

for twentyfour hours during which time a terrific gale had blown their

Chapter Four—Into the iceberg steadily northward, decided to explore their temporary home. When

Unknown they returned, they found that old Spike had disappeared, probably worried about their having left. They set out to search for him. As they reached a

water lane, they heard him calling for help from the other side and telling them to hurry with guns. Dan hurried back for the guns while Bob pushed

s Bob moved along ahead trying to find a crossing to old Spike.the dim icebank,H, he cast fearladen

eyes at the watery, mistwrapped lane beside him. In every direction danger that threatened old Spike? as he pushed on, heedless of the

a thick whitishgray curtain hung He shivered again. unknown dangers about him. He

over everything. He could see In the midst of the great fear cast out his fear, born of the fearbarely six feet in any direction. The which gripped him, he seemed to fulness of his surroundings, by regigantic iceberg which was their hear the calm voice from the deck peating over and over the words

only home, was lost to sight quickly. radio: 'Lo, I am with you alway.'from the radio: 'With you alway,

Far ahead his alert ears caught Quickly, Bob raised trembling even unto the end of the world.'

the low rumbling of some unseen, hands to his mouth, shouting his Old Spike's voice broke to him another instant the again. same out across the mistwrapped answer At It danger. barelyunknown was

far lane. haze in the gray shout sounded first, ataudible after but min- a few

! following from C-o-m-i-n-g him behind Dan,

it noticed thatutes he growing was sent the guns. alway'an answerwith Bob he 'With you murmured louder.slowly listened. The He of swiftly ing shout to both steadily them. and he pushed rumblinglow his as roar on drummed

It into icy the forward unknown. likeears, the faraway, mighty rush

of train. express an What it was, wasinto totalalmostdarkness.like pushingThe roaringforwardfar sound, nowJLheon histerribleleft, was growingroaringhe guess. could not even

steadily louder. steadily, ahead grew rapidity. alarming louder with The Its eeriness sent of a fresh wave on, searching he But and on pushed ice rocked under him which wasfear until his through cold body, he in possible the for crossing haze a that alarmingly, he proving was

all trembling over. stoodwas He the waterlane. loose of traveling over block a huge

listening. The roaring continued, Then suddenly the ice under him ice which had broken away fromgrowing earthquake. as slowly louder. Fearfully trembled if from an the packice. the solid He hoped pondered.he instant saw, he The next across the completely through block reached

Then from somewhere across the the drifting mists, the end of a great watery gap. The thought of walkwatery lane on his right there arose slab of ice. Its end ground hard ing off into icy water in the dense

through the mists a long drawnout against the ice on which he stood. haze caused a cold chill of appreshout from old Spike. His shouted He hesitated only a moment. Here hension to creep up his backbone.

word rose above the faroff rumwas a crossing. Pushing on, he kept an alert eye

bling, a tiny, wavering ribbon of With a nimble bound he leaped open for an abrupt ending of the sound. <T T "upon the floe and darted forward ice directly ahead. But none came. H-u-r-r-y across the floating icebridge. How The heaving ice crawled up in front

A cold shiver ran up to the roots far this icebridge extended across of him through the haze with apof Bob's hair. A terrible fear gripthe gap of open water, he could not parently no ending. Puzzling over

could but push on blindly know. increase the roaring of He the steady his of his aweped very soul—fear haze. shifting, creeping the through could on. he pushed sound for old fear surroundings; Whatsome

Spike's safety. The allhiding haze! Once again the voice of old Spike the rumbling be? He searched his

That awful faraway roar! What came to him through the pall of mist. memory desperately for something

could it mean? What was the Once again Bob's shout drifted back {Continued on page 389)

The Eternal Road MITE If I Have Four Apples (Franz Werfel, The Viking By Ora Haven Barlow (Josephine Lawrence, Frederick

Press, 1936.) A. Stokes Co., 1935.)

is like poem Road, based'T'he as it is on Eternal An old A apple tree. TeepingBachellor,Up Witha MutualLizzieImprovementby Irving narratives, A the Old Testament

could hardly fail to be an intensely In the rain reading course book for 1911, has been moving, dramatic, and dignified offerYou see it from the window. replaced by a more modern, more

ing. Abraham moving across the stage In the sunshine laughable, and more compelling book

depicting his sorrows and his joys is You see it from the hill. If I Have Four Apples by Josephine

chalreal a has This Lawrence. book compelling the thaneven more AbraIt is of part you it is pleasingly related so in lenge and about. read it for we granted takeham whom you And that implication resent will the that few stories linked are Testament Old The smile the in book. actors really the are we the And today, of story the thewith Jews pluck you when Even charthe rather situation than The the withaction Jewish commencing apple withered one But interest. is Miss acters commands what exists it has ascongregation its which now boughs. From in quality one has common Lawrence race. the the of since founderdone

she in that can Dickens Charles with is of the few one Franz Werfel are that tell in a story such a we way in excelled than hasauthors more poets and of who Chinese countless number into a mentally slapped to be happy field of poetry, writing. In drama, talks.one philosophers about whom failings. ]. of C. our consciousness M. place a novel, earned has he amongand C. /.—M.he

the truly great writers of the world. Jobs for the Perplexed

His latest novel, The Forty Days of Pride and Prejudice ( Flora E. Breck, Thomas Y.

reviewed been has already Dagh,Musa from (Dramatized Jerome Co., 1936.) by Helen Crowell

in have Era. Improvement If you The the novel of Austen Jane of unemunrest and "VJi latest his so; thennot read read it, do Co., 1936.) Doubleday, and Doran prevail today, ""7ithploymentconditions which we is Eternal whichdrama, Road, The

being made ready for the Broadway For a new generation prone to lookmay not have made our own beds; but

stage by no less a producer than Max ing on anything earlier than the year even when they have been made for us,

Reinhardt. The production should be 1900 as definitely out of their "line,"we need not lie in them if we follow

a major triumph of staging since the this dramatized version of a classic the advice which the author sets forth action takes place on five levels, all will prove welcome reading. The rein this book, Jobs for the Perplexed.

arranged on the one set and made straint of the age is humorously porThe first step is to study one's own visible and invisible by means of lighttrayed in the pages of the play. The aptitudes and disabilities; the second

ing effects. M. C. J. conversation is clever enough to waris to tap the sources of employment

rant the current slang phrase, "snapthrough the newspapers, employment enterprise.My Country and My People py,"The movement is rapid. In fact, agencies, and new fields of

(Dr. Lin Yutang, Reynal and the dramatized version of the novel, If none of these avails, one may proHitchock, Inc., 1935.) Pride and Prejudice, deserves and unceed to make his own job. This book

conlearning in valuable prove will doubtedly win a large reading pubwill analytical manTn a straightforward, have created jobs which cerning some /. lic—M. C.

this ner book Dr. Lin Yutang writes for themselves. C. M. J.

in China's English, presenting flowing Nature in the Wild The Longest Years about to us.case Although books

China have been numerous enough to (Charles Scribner's Sons, 1936, $2.00.) (Sigrid Undset, Alfred A.

discourage any but the most tenacious HPhe foreword to Nature in the Knopf, 1935) from trying to keep up with them, My Wild, which is the only writing out- "Nost readers of fiction know that

Country and My People should not be side of captions to appear in this un- *** Sigrid Undset is a name much missed. usual book, states: "It is... hoped honored in the literary field. Her

Some of the author's suggestions that not only will the general public see Kristin Lavransdatter comes close to will stir up questions in our minds; all what the camera is doing in the field, being a modern masterpiece. Her The

of them will stimulate thought. Some but that workers from different parts Master of Hestviken also measures

especially provocative ones are: of the world, seeing each other's rehigh in literature. Although some of

"Women have a surer instinct of life sults, will be spurred on to yet more her books are light and perhaps somethan men;""In China, the art of living ardent endeavor and greater achievewhat didactic in tone, she is always a

is one with the arts of painting and ment."This book comes at a most masterly writer and one with whom to

poetry;""Now a lot of the socalled opportune time, for during the summer become acquainted.

misery of the Chinese people is due months everyone will have the urge to In The Longest Years Sigrid Undset undoubtedly to the application of a get out with nature. has set down much of her own early

stanthe standard, life. is therefore doubly Europeanwarped book The

pictures gathhave been which The of conceive expression cannot any whichdard as an fascinating—both all will ered parts of the from world is living unless he being as autobihappy asman and from her an author

all stimulate see them to become whoin apartment should course, and overheated owns an one ography. Of

a radio."more observant of wild life in their own always be more or less suspicious of

Dr. Lin Yutang's seemingly casual communities. Over half of the illusfictitious autobiography, realizing that

trations will are of birds afford and life willreferences to Diogenes, be author's the Wordsworth, some parts of for keen delight both young. old and the of Solreve- of franknessMilton, the of Songs"suppressed. "Song The

omon, and many other leading people The photographs were selected from lation of the unfolding of a girl's life in our western civilization, shame us the International Exhibition of Nature is fascinating and should be of great into the desire to know more about Photography of the British Museum. help to those who have to deal with

them and to compare them with the—M. C. /. young people. M. C. J.

-"--hi win trt mMSk.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Cummer vacations! For mothers without a picture to jog it into acDay, we should put ourselves out

they can be ordeals or pleasures, tivity, some of the most significant to cook only the things which we just as you wish to make them. Why happenings may finally fade so much know for sure that he likes—even

not plan right now what to do to that there will be little left to recall. if he insists that his favorite dish is

make the summer worthwhile with Children particularly will enjoy corned beef and cabbage.

the least friction? First inventory turning to their baby pictures to It might be that Dad has a hankerall of the regions of interest around see how they looked when they were ing to get into the kitchen to do

your own locality. Then budget too little to remember. These picsome cooking "on his own."Just

your time so that you can take the tures can be used on various occarecently an eighteen year old said, best advantage of your natural sions. On birthdays, a clever place "We had the best dinner last night.

beauty spots. Now with your card could be arranged for the guest Mother wasn't feeling well and Dad

calendar in hand mark on it several of honor, showing his latest picture cooked dinner."The best chefs are

family getacquainted days. These with an earlier one for comparison men. Perhaps Father may be a chef

are the days that will bind the famor contrast. On special days the in disguise.

ily together and make pleasant members of the family who are away Might it not be worthwhile also memories which will later be refrom home, or grandfather and to keep a record of the favorite flected in the lives of your younggrandmother would enjoy pictures dishes of each member of the famsters. of the growing family. At Christily? Then when the birthday rolls

For the picnics, plan luncheons mas time, the pictures could be used around, the meal can be that memwhich will be easily prepared with in various ways to make a novel ber's special dishes.

the children helping make them remembrance.

ready. Expensive spreads for

sandwiches are unnecessary. The

very daintiest sandwiches served by Tn 1935, according to Science News the very smartest people are made Father's Day is June twentyfirst Letter of April 11, 1936, over with cottage cheese. These can be this year. Why not begin right eightyeight cases of vegetables

made doubly inviting by using now planning what you can do to were sold in this country bearing the cookie cutters to shape them. Of make that day a memorable one in marks of A, B, C, on the labels to

course, since we are firm believers his life? One woman once said her aid buyers in judging of the quality.in the old adage—"Waste not, want husband told her, after many years It might be interesting in your comnot,"you will save the crusts for of married life, that every time he munity to test out this item and see

fondues, souffles, breaded lamb saw the casserole come to the table whether the difference in quality chops, or for stuffing tomatoes or shortly after they were married he warrants the difference in price. In

green peppers. Radishes, pickles had shuddered. Perhaps we have several states, there is no attempt

(which have weathered the winter), often unknowingly made the head made by canners to distinguish in tomatoes, and cucumbers make good of the household quake at some of the marking so that the ordinary relishes. Cookies, which perhaps the venturesome dishes we have housewife can recognize the differthe children can make, and fruits placed on the table. On Father's ence.

will form the dessert. If the

luncheon is not too expensive, you will feel that you can take more days off for family expeditions. Tse plenty of leafy salads during

These excursions will pay dividends hot weather. They are easy to

of great value. prepare, fill a need, and satisfy the

eye, which is often an important factor in stimulating jaded appetites.

Cummer clothes are definitely goCarrot and Pineapple Salad feminine—laceying to be practicalyet washable,as well asso A ofpineapplethe family.ring for each member

that they will look new at each Grated carrots.

wearing.shorter—at Alsoleast twelvedresses inchesare tofrombe Chopped walnut meats if desired.

the floor for daytime wear. Place the pineapple rings on lettuce leaves, whisked dry in a tea

towel. Fill the center of the rings

of pineapple with the grated carrots

Cummer time is kodak time. The and walnut meats. Top the carrots

one—ifkodakit willneedrecordnot bethean happy,expensivethe withhave whippedcanned yourcreamowndressing.maraschinoIf you

unusual, the spicy moments of famcherries, place one of these on top ilies and friends. Memory may not for a decorative and palatable

fail but it does have lapses and touch.

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE

QUORUM OF THE TWELVE—EDITED BY JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN

PRIESTHOOD AND THE KEYS the Priesthood is divine authority under Jesus Christ, exercises that auOF THE PRIESTHOOD which is delegated to men on the earth, thority and by virtue of the keys he

HThe question is constantly arising yet the exercise of that divine authority holds, makes valid by his sanction all * in Priesthood quorums and other would not be valid without the sancofficial acts performed by those who gatherings: "What is the difference, if tion and authorization of the one who hold the Priesthood.

any, between the Priesthood and the holds the keys. It was for this reason The president of the Church has the

keys of the Priesthood?"President that Elijah was sent to the earth in power to grant authority to all those

Joseph F. Smith has given a very clear these last days to restore the keys of who are called to serve in the Priestanswer to this question, a part of which sealing, or binding power. Peter, hood, and he has the power to cancel

is repeated here: James, and John came with the power such authority. It is a very strange

of the Melchizedek Priesthood and thing how men of average intelligence

The Priesthood in general is the authority conferred it, with the keys they were can ever get an understanding that aufor to act man God. Every given to man of vested once in them to authorized by virtue Joseph Smith thority give, upon the Priesthood of degree ordained to any of the president held the keys Notwithstandby the and Oliver Cowdery. It him. to delegated this authorityhas

should be remembered, however, that every ing this conferring of authority, we are High Priesthood, cannot be disconact performed under this authority must be informed that it was necessary for tinued by that same authority.

done in the proper way and after the proper Elijah to come with the power of The great mistake made by Martin order. The power of directing the Priestsealing, or binding, which keys he held, Luther and others of the "Reformers,"

hood constitutes the keys of the Priesthood. and restore that power to make valid was in assuming authority which was

only are held fulness these keys by In their divinely conferred. all not officially in the Lord acts Church The done

presiprophet at time, the and person a one the in this the matter very plain Priesthood. virtue of the made On delegate any by Church. of the maydent He orthe of restoration has the Gospel and Smith the point Prophet Joseph another, in which this of to portion power

case that person holds the keys of that said: ganization of the Church in this disparticular labor so delegated. Thus, the Elijah was the last prophet that held the pensation that no man can take authorpresident of a temple, the president of a keys of the Priesthood, and who will, before ity unto himself. The Priesthood, which

stake, the bishop of a ward, the presithe last dispensation, restore the authority is authority delegated to men by which of Priesthood, the deliver the keys of president a and mission, or the of a of officially in the act they name may all the ordinances be in that order may perlabors the of the keysdentquorum,—holds the conferred must the by Lord, be

. in righteousness. attended to. "And locality. or particular that in body formed holds laying one hands on of by who I the will before. prophet, the Elijah send is increased not Priesthood, however,His

is legally authorized that authority and etc. of terrible great the Lord,"and day for example, special this appointment;by

a Seventy who presides over a mission has Why send Elijah? Because he holds the to confer it upon others. When men

no more Priesthood than a Seventy who keys of the authority to administer in all take it upon themselves without due labors under his direction; and the president the ordinances of the Priesthood; and withauthorization they are imposters pure

of an Elder's quorum has no more Priestout the authority is given, the ordinances and simple, notwithstanding the intent hood than any member of that quorum. could not be administered in righteousness. of the heart and their desires to do

of directthe the president holds powerBut of the Priesthood, or, in good. power The under official labors performed theing authority the his other words, which makes When some of the members of the the or, jurisdiction, in other words,special

keys of that division of the work. So it all ordinances and acts valid, is vested Church broke away, after the death of

is throughout all the ramifications of the in one person. Jesus Christ holds this the Prophet Joseph Smith and his

Priesthood. A distinction must be made authority in the heavens under His brother Hyrum, they claimed to take

between the Priesthood and the directing Father. All power is vested in Him authority with them. Such a thing is

of the labors performed by that authority. by the decree of the Father, "both in absurd. It is strange that men can

difference the between up, sumTo especially this in the reason in earth."manner, has when the heaven and He

the the of keys PriesthoodAaronic and office that authority, plainly the are or to so taught to grant withwe power is Priestthis: is the one PriesthoodAaronic aunot individual does servants held authority, any from His on by draw direct call itself, to other the is thehood

is properly unless to of act thorize the he given the earth. keys has him He of the authority. Aaronic keysthat The

Priesthood are vested in the presiding bishauthority, by ordination as herein called by those in authority and his op of the Church; but he is under the stated, to the person who serves as calling sanctioned by those who hold

direction of the president of the Church president of the High Priesthood, who, the keys. For a man to claim that he

who holds the keys of the high or Mel-.—. may exercise authority of Priesthood

presides over Priesthood,chizedek and who constiproperly to in the opposition IN HUMILITY all thethe Church, has and whole who in in tuted authority the Church, and Seegmiller Park Thelma Bygifts the of bestows which upon God He the of sanction violation the of one of the Church.head crust of me. asked a T Te is either matter keys, the holds a who literal If of descendant were a Aaron I * * not. gave him wilful stupidity of or extreme wickedpreside right tofound, he would have no all concerned thoughts were My ness. unless called, bishopas were a he laughter, gaiety. joy and set With

like inapart, the It explanation ordained to the and manner seen from be may I time to give no had him what he sought.

virtue Priesthood, authority of theHigh by F. President Smith Joseph made by

and keys held by the president of the She asked some help of me. in relation to the Priesthood and the

I her none. gaveChurch. is it in that not of Priesthood, the keys

I too keeping busy pace was the Priesthood Every the man holding to confer keys for order anyone royalty. and pomp

is that the of auWithshould understand keys Priesthood of the upon a man who I time for to troubled ones. spare had no

thority are centered in the president of to be ordained to the office of Elder, is grief sore with and Lo, now my heart is president also thethe Church unless Priest, or he is Seventy, who High pain. is It virtue theof Priesthood. High in capacity. presiding by serve some to of xto task help dear Lord, I come, some vicethe held the asof keys him given a by is to and ordained If he be Thee.

the of earth,regent upon then position of presidency the keys God that I falter in see here shame. Thy words—I

is allauthority exercised by should of that presidency be conferred those who these, least of the done unto ye have "As are ordained to the Priesthood. While So ye have done unto me."upon him.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

SUBSTANTIAL GAINS SHOWN an increase of 3 over the previous year. hood. When he becomes 20, if he

IN ANNUAL REPORT The report shows that 224 new quostill holds the Aaronic Priesthood organized, rums were 56 additional his transferred to should be name practically in increases f* ratifying supervisors appointed roll all wards and the the he should Adult and book -* acPriesthood phases of Aaronic visits to still average of stake committees for himself to prepare be urged tivity are indicated in the annual report wards increased from 30 per stake per the Melchizedek Priesthood. When

for 1936 which has just been tabulated year to 52. names are placed in the Adult roll

in the Presiding Bishop's Office. The The total membership of the Aaronic book the supervisor of Adult

gains are distributed throughout pracPriesthood in the organized stakes Aaronic Priesthood should be given tically the entire Church. Outstanding reached a new high mark of 79,960 responsibility for looking after

progress is indicated in four activities. notwithstanding the fact that one year those persons.

meetings of quorum total numberThe Priesttaken the Aaronic from was listed in the are names Q. When

to 114,792, a increased from 98,932 year. of last the beginning age at hood Priests, roll should Adult book

gain of 15,860. The number of Aaronic Teachers and Deacons names be

filling assignments Priesthood members listed together? QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS42,- of total a 2,022 increased making listed in Priests should one be A. No. PRIESTHOOD AARONIC ADULT are apthere that 497. Considering in section of Teachers the book, ORGANIZATION, RECORDS the of proximately 48,000 members another. in another Deacons and SUPERVISION PLANS AND years twenty under PresthoodAaronic

of Adult supervisor the Should Q.

is this very to be a considered of age is the of Aaronic a Q. member When of Priesthood Aaronic member a be activity. In the gratifying indication of Priesthood adult? considered an the Priesthood Aaronic comward visits to of the wards by made number his twentieth A. has passed he When stake the in mittee the and ward gain the committees of stakemembers birthday. in stake? the committee visits for percent, the sixty overwas speciPriesthood ages Aaronic Q. The Aaronic stake and Yes. ward A. The to of increase 2,655 an showing 1935 fied in in the reports monthly and committees, the under Priesthood for year. the of a 5,789 mark new the lesson 18 outlines are to 12 in stake the and Presidency Stake

inclusive. to answer gains were made most gratifying Does the The rein have the the bishoprics ward

filled. in these that question of assignments At previous mean the number all of the for sponsibility members

ages the the campaign year of changed? beginning a have been all ages. of Priesthood Aaronic

assignspecified for million ages Aaronic A. with one No. announced Thewas

If the Aaronic adult of members Q. final are: tabulation goal. the Priesthood as quorums Deaconsments The Seventies Elders, attend Priesthood

12, 16, assignments 13 14, 15 that were Teachers and and 930,138showed their classes should or other where filled, 18. the Priests 17 percent below seven being young a and When records be attendance and activity his the nineteenth reaches birthday Notwithstandingcampaign mark. man kept?

if the should, reached goal that the he worthy, fact ordained an not be was gain of 289,018 over the previous year Elder. If, however, for any reason A. In the Adult Aaronic Priesthood

to a total of 930,138 was a gain of more he is not ordained an Elder when roll book. This information will be

than thirtyfive percent over 1 934 which he becomes 19, his name should be called for in all quarterly reports in was a record year at that time. left on the regular quorum roll for the future and should be available

The average rating of all stakes another year and every effort made from the adult roll book.

based upon all factors in the Aaronic to assist him to become worthy to Q. Will reports covering Aaronic

Priesthood program was 65, which is receive the Melchizedek PriestPriesthood members under 20 and those over 20 be combined in the

COMPARISONS SHOW INCREASES IN PRACTICALLY A. quarterlyNo. Allreports?information coveringALL ACTIVITIES Gain of regular members quorums—those or will under 20 be contained in one

1935 1934 Loss part of the report and information

Total Aaronic Priesthood 79,960 78,144 +1,816* covering those over 20 in another

Total Quorum or Class Meetings. 114,792 98,932 +15,860 part. By adding the figures toPer Cent Average Attendance 24% 26%—2 gether the report of the total

Per Cent Avg. Attend, at Sunday School 26% 29%—3 Aaronic Priesthood will be obNumber Filling Assignments 42,497 40,475 +2,022 tained.

Per Cent Filling Assignments 53% 51% +2 Q. If there is no Adult Aaronic PriestPer Cent Observing Word of Wisdom 52% 52% hood class in the ward should the

Possible Number Quorums or Classes 4,955 4,012 +943 names of those over 20 be transActual Quorums or Classes 3,012 2,788 +224 fered to the Adult roll book?

No. of Wards Having Supervisors 599 543 +56 A. Yes. Separate roll books havePer Cent Avg. Attend, of Supervisors 61% 66%—been provided for adults. They

Number on Stake Committees 611 564 +46 cost 50c each and are distributed

Number of Visits made to Wards 5,789 3,134 +2,655 through the Deseret Book ComAverage Visits per Year per Stake 52 30 +22 pany, 44 East South Temple, Salt

Average Rating All Stakes 65 62 +3 Lake City. Whether an adult class

Assignments Made 1,021,914 698,075 +323,839 has been organized or not the names

Assignments Filled 930,138f 641,120 +289,018 of all members who have passed

Per Cent Assignments Filled 91% 91% their 20th birthdays should be trans- * Priests now include two years only. A large number, 19 years of age, were aferedsupervisorto the adultshouldrollbe book.appointedThento

ordained Elders in 1935. look after them with a view to or169,862 or 6.9 below the goal of 1,000,000. ganizing a class after the necessary

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

missionary work has been done as about onehalf that of those who use outlined in the "Instructor's Manual alcohol to the extent of two glasses of for Adult Aaronic Priesthood Suwhisky a day."THE ADVERTISERS

pervisors."- Unless the names are Beneficial Life Insurance Co

segregated as suggested great diffiPrejudice Versus Facts - Back Cover culty will be in encountered asPaint Bennett Glass and 386 gospel of efficiency, as The maximum sembling the information Jewelers callto Park 385 Boyd be finds the big leaders preached today, by University in for Brigham 390 Young ed the quarterly reports. for either strong place no drinks or Oil Refining Continental 389 is Co information regarding WhereQ, cigarettes. is question This not a '384 Deseret Book Co Adult Aaronic Priesthood classes of effimorality, of but personal Deseret Building Federal and to be had? ciency. I afNeither nor Ass'n can you 383 Loan InA. the "Instructor's for Manual Grant, 391 let ford Heber to in prejudice either J. & our stand Co

Aaronic Priesthood Supervisors"the way of our opportunities or chlorHenager's Business College 384 distributed by the Presiding Bishoform our judgment. It takes a wise Hill's Vocational School...390

op's Office, S. Kress, Co. 388 H. 40 Street, North & Main profit to the experience of from man

Inside Front Salt Cover KSL City. Lake is price 10 The wise fool men. learn from can Any Lewis, 388 Mose cents each. includes manual The it experience, costly matter no how Service Lion 386 Photo a complete lesson outline for one be. may Fuel 383 Supply Mountain Co full year and information as to how following quotations the The on Hotel 387 Grand New to organize and supervise adult cigarette are Progress late Tailoring the from of 389 the pen Co

classes..382 Culture. of Quish Beauty School Elbert writer Hubbard, worldfamed

and formerly large employer of men. Refrigeration and Aircondition-

ing Institute 384 THE Cigarettes Destroy Manhood Sears,Saltair RoebuckBeach Co..and Co 388383

Oil is Shell 387 smoking WORD Shepherd's 388 Town Card is Co OF WISDOM not slow, Slowperiodic—itPoison. "Cigarettecontinuous—a

.- Standard Brands 391 insidious, for the sure poison. REVIEW But

....386 U. S. School of Music calhas become so man who Monthly Presentation A of Peryoung of Beauty High School

in cigarettes loused that the Utah he smokes tinent Information Regarding Culture

The Lord's Law of Health presence of his mother, sister, or Utah Oil Refining.. Inside Back Cover389

sweetheart, there is little hope. The Utah Power and Light Co

poison has already tainted his moral....Inside Back Cover

nature and for him the work of dissoluUtah Publishing House 390

THE WORD OF WISDOM tion, disintegration, and degeneration

AND HEALTH has begun. He is a defective—a physical, mental and moral defective. Hope

well, keep not do habits of form(4rVo is only for the youth ashamed who is of Tabernacle Choir Sings taking spirits, wine, caffeinbeer, his lapses.

{Continued 339) from pagedrinks sold fountains, at soda and "In for vice preparing a culture bed

...patent medicines. cigarettes. germs, Cigarnot omit do organ. the to introduced was He

"It is to think wrong that drinking ettes conscience, stupefy the deaden singing organization by Mormon J.beer, ale, and other liquors gives brain, the in affections place the abeychoir Cornwall, Spencer Tabernaclestrength. These only the tired deaden surface. ance, bring the to the beast and conductor.feeling and it not really do take away. of toburning tobacco paper and The

this short there rehearsal After... is injurious "Smoking Athletes in distils gether contact saliva the with

find it makes them short of 'wind.'It a subtle chemical poison that has its followed the programmed concert of

may dull the brain.... Any drug sure effects even upon the strongest the orchestra, including scores from

habit keeps you poor in purse as well constitutions. Brahms, Albeniz, Debussy, and

as health. Larceny and Lying. "The difference Wagner, before a "soldout"house

"There are no spare parts for the between mine and thine is a very hazy in which standing room was sought machine.human every part Keep cigarettist. of proposition to the Larceny late comers, by and in which many

inyour body running order. good that lying are sprouts from and grow appreciative representaudience, an the mind "The and tobody work soil. the same ing five surrounding and Utahgether. effect has The strong mind a perfidy, disappointment, "Dishonor,

states, into prolonged broke apthe health fiton of the body. of all. A disgrace the of so I are end And

anger, or a spell of worry, fear, envy, close by again sounding a warning note plause again and again.

hate, or jealousy may make you more to the employer of labor. Place no When the orchestra's program

tired than a hard day's work."From confidence in a cigarettist, never prowas concluded, Mr. Stokowski pre-

a pamphlet published by the Metrofaced the rendition the of being choir and an irresponsible him—he ispolitan Life Insurance Co. can; orchestra telling together, the Love him if you by—amotedefective.

pity him if you will, but give him no audience how he and his organizaTestimony of Insurance Statistics chance to clutch you with his nicotine tion had looked forward to the occadrag fingers and you beneath the sion in the of their performance In a paper read before the AssociaElbert wave."Hubbard.tion Life of Insurance widelyrenowned with Tabernacle Presidents by

Mr. Arthur Hunter, actuary of the its muchpraised acoustic properties

New York Life, some remarkable facts EXILE and its highlyreputed choir.

were presented. The paper was based Following the dramatic climax of

Dorothy of the a studyon By experience fortyof Marie Davis the chorus, with orchestra, Handel lifethree leading insurance companies, organ, and choir, Leopold Stokowheart "Ry was enclosedcovering of a period twentyfive years, fastness In green of mountains, ski, world eminence who commands theand investigating of deaths peaks. two "*Guarded by snow orchestral returnconductors, amongmillion policyholders. facts of the One

to audience: say to the ed "That this investigationshown by the prairie on is that Now

thrilling, wasn't abstainers was won-"Total have a mortality it? A mountainous clouds when I weep

during the working years of life of Peak the horizon. derful choir!"R. L. E.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC - -EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

"WHAT IS PRAYER?"

Ward Teacher's Message for July, 1936 By Zelda Davis Howard is prayer, of me? ask there Surely you with impunity.SPIRITUALITY AND THE

in are spirANDIt'swhattalking secrecy itual to Latterday considerations with God OF WISDOMWORD

At various times in the past, stress Saintsso directwhereand theunmistakable.Word of the Lord is It's looking up with tearfilled eyes

skies. Into the blue of heaven's"physical, the placed has been upon spirituality indicates that Experience

mental, of phases economic and the is liquor, tobacco, incompatible with strife, It's to strength wanting conquer is of probably Wisdom. WhatWord drinks, meat. of excessive use life. hot or the blessings that rich gladden And this inthe consideration important most to things, the cause These which bodyquestion, spiritual phase, has the been It's telling in heart, what's your God spirinterfere react with abnormally,

neglected.somewhat Entreating take part. to your Him itual the eventually cause processes and

in includes of The Wisdom Word spirlose, at least decrease, to user or its It's to these "showing near hand; drawing touch preamble words: His

if the ituality lose in to persisted and, to understand. It's begging in the willforth Him the of order and God spirit of the Gospel.

all the saints in salvation oftemporal

Spirit It's spirituality, of the best; loss of to promising This your dolast days."Because preamble the same

test. not It matters the hard is severe how most the Lord, by far thestates that it "not was given by way of

of the violator penalty paid by the restraint"or someof commandment loss, this of Wisdom. And Word it to advice purely construedhave be if AIt'shopegratitudethat theyfor favorsmay alwayspast last; is is inevitable repentance, there no it. definite obligationwith to obey no

refuse accept to or ignore people it is for the where that claimed rod of sinOthers have that bars the way A will of the "order and and obey God"keeps the soul within at peace therefore And has salvation""temporal and no spiritual significance. given by direct revelation.

is this, prayer the thought that goes ac- A true today Saint anythe Latterday of Wisdom is To The Word all folks until With its close. day is to that forththing given members the cepted "showing as a commandment

order and will of God"is as binding of the Church. Its observance, as

President pointed repeatedly be. outas anything possibly Also could by

safely but a genius or a prophet can will bring not only revelation Grant, given a suggestioneven "by Heber J. generalize."Elder Talmage. James E. to blessings spiritual also the but of temporal ourand from wisdom"word

Father in Heaven cannot be ignored those who abide the law. OBEDIENCE TO LAW IS

LIBERTY "Y"outh should understand that the spirit is the life of man, and the

OBEDIENCE AND ENERGY Through strict obedience to the laws body is its tabernacle; that the taber-

"HPhere is a profound principle embythenwhichappliedthe energythroughwasthe employedradio, andandin naclewithoutcannotinjuringbe thepollutedspirit, oranddefiledthat bodied in that admonition to keep none other way would the marvel have the spirit will grow and develop only the the of Lord. commandments Have the to been wrought. house have proobey the as it dwells in which We

fact that the ever thought ofyou of mechanical vides of light, the there laws of laws an atmosphere purity and is a power, an actual force, a definite construction, and the laws of chemistry beauty. Youth admires strength and

form of energy, in obedience? That if we would operate the camera sucpower. They must learn that the real

energy is just as real as the force that cessfully and get good pictures. The strength is the strength of being clean.

is giving light to these lamps serving timepiece yonder would be worth that should obedience Youth knowin illuminate the of to hours darkness mechanics the of not nothing laws had is not bondage, unbutthis us. great I think for auditorium liberty—libery strictly in its conobeyed very been

is real that law; der the only freedom shall the to yet recognize comewe It is struction. obedience through only

the freedom our from weaknesses; from lieforce, that the energy, the power, blessings. to that enjoy law we vices, the the of conscience, remorsein obedience. demonhave many We

strations of it. "The Prophet Joseph Smith, as is and the infraction of law. When youth

the of that understands the prophets of the bending with God, common "I fact the been with have impressed disin will liberty the tends inventors to obedience and went and beyond spirit, scientific callsthat as the man joy, in lawlessness, disrespect generalto then us coverers a gave and and is this in the of organization manifest

I will irreverence attenthe that challenged that wane. wish it, ization—one its It is in operation. only andChurch that realize could to attention the death youth thinkers of paid only who

call the obediencethrough to what we is to feared truth the that is the that death the solemn be embodied tionit—oneforces energy, nature, of of the laws sin, of that that the pronot decreed, irrevocably wages Gospel and law by

that we are able to make them serve for this earth alone, but before the gram of living is insurance against that of purposes.our have none would We it is calamity; that earth, the dreadful the of ordained foundations commandstrictly, lightsthese unless obeyed we is it blessing that of the "shalt"obtain and ments both God, any when we

full of heart,with of the laws purpose re- "shalt nots"the warnings, to the obedience the through law and and by electricity.

is proofs, servblessing of predicated. that admonitions and God's upon which

"Yesterday morning between nine Those who considered this said: Well ants, are all kindly calculated to hedge

and ten o'clock mountain time, we of course; we knew that before, but we round the precious age of youth with

heard in this city the very voice of the had not thought of it. So always with safeguards which shall protect its

Premier of Great Britain who had just generalizations of great import. All of course until the age of wisdom and

landed at the port of New York. How them are wonderfully simple, but it has judgment shall be reached. Elder

was that miracle made possible? been said, and with propriety, that none Stephen L. Richards.

FTER THE SHEEPSKIN A THEN WHAT?

By WALTER WHITE FIFE

"A CERTIFICATE OF GRADUATION DOES NOT GRANT

ANYONE SPECIAL PRIVILEGES IN DEALING WITH NATURAL

LAWS."

how much we know that counts, it

TRWalter White Fife, an enis how well we know how to use ** terprising and active member of what we know. The principles of

the Orleans, Church Mormon in New properly will employed Mormonism to the traveling been helpful has misrighteous assure success enin any sionaries in the Church South of the and is an enthusiastic worker in the deavor.

Mutual Improvement Association.

In an Editor's note the "Louisiana Cuccess is never anything more

Conservation Review"recently said or less than the result of refining of him: "Dr. Fife is a wellknown our sense of reasoning to harmonize

Louisiana sportsman, a champion of wild life preservation director and of or attune itself with certain wellde-

Fife Brothers Health Institution of fined natural laws governing each

New Orleans."Dr. Fife here preindividual personality. These laws

sents sympathetically an attitude accurately us of cooperate with only to that will help assure success mindThegraduationmorningexercisesfollowingin ourthe that adapt ourselves the degree we leading colleges and univer- "After the sheepskin."to certain fundamental, wellestab-

sities this year will find thousands lished principles. We couldn't exof our young men and women facing pect accuracy in bookkeeping cal-

a new era in life's plan. ultimate success of any righteous culations if we took the liberty of

Having completed their stipuundertaking in life is predicated adding or subtracting numbers here lated courses they are prepared to solely upon fundamental doctrine and there just to make inaccurate begin putting their theory into pracapplied accurately. figuring balance. Yet that is exactly

tical operation. Some of them will A certificate of graduation from why we have so many failures

recognize their weaknesses and any reputable institution of learning among men and women of college strive diligently to refine their does not grant anyone special privtraining. In an effort to get by they

learning. Others, because of their ileges in dealing with natural laws. fail to deal accurately with the

sheepskin, will expect success to be The laws governing a successful life higher laws.

"handed to them on a silver platter."are impartial, inexorable, and retriRefined thinking qualifies us for

The sheepskin is but an indication butive. Under no circumstances will success and happiness in any rightthat the owner has completed a they yield or be set aside to accomeous undertaking. Our Lord and

course of study. It does not assure modate any man's desires or to satisSavior, Jesus Christ, was a perfect

achievement; it inspires action. fy his selfish ambitions. Our sole example of intellectual triumph. The

Qualifying for success in life is the aim is to live so that every yesterkey to His great success is subservindividual's great problem. The day will be a dream of happiness and ient to our command. We are born

determination to succeed must carry every tomorrow a vision of hope. into this world to live that we may

an intelligent conception of the salThis is exactly what happens when learn how to control the orderly beient factors governing success. We we learn faithfully to harmonize our havior of our earthly existence.

have, unfortunately, believed that daily actions according to divine Wisdom makes all things possible.

success is primarily a matter of malaw. And we act faithfully only It means knowing and doing the

terial accumulation. Real success, when we do the best we know acright thing at the right time. It is

however, depends upon one's ability cording to our conception of what through the guiding influence of to develop his understanding to a we intelligently and conscientiously divine inspiration and the power of point that he will qualify to serve believe to be right. the Holy Ghost that we broaden in

his fellowman. This task, or rather We know that "the glory of God wisdom and understanding. No

pleasure—as it must be if we are to is intelligence;"and we know, too, Latterday Saint needs to seek bebe successful—brings to us our that such glory is all that can be yond the confines of Mormon philgreatest happiness. Engraved sheepdesired in life. We must not believe osophy for the key to a more abunskins and parchments merely serve that merely being a Latterday Saint dant life. If you are a college

as keys or steppingstones to that will turn the trick to success and graduate, life lived the Gospel way realm of higher accomplishment. salvation any more than a civil enholds much in store for you. If you

Success is not for sale; it is free to gineer's degree guarantees him to be are not a college graduate, the Gosall who diligently seek after it. The a first class bridge builder. It isn't (Continued on page 386)

s a From the diary of A BISHOP'S WIFE By ADELE CANNON HOWELLS Saturday, May 9th: Took our as he was so fond of the child. All

car full of Boy Scouts to the parents helped with the funeral Saturday.

and Scouts'outing at Glenn Ranch. Sister K—-was grateful for the help

Scouting is always a delight—one of we gave but I told her it was a pleasthe greatest movements ever started. ure to be able to do anything for

Every mother should have her son her and she could help us when our associated with it. trouble came. Joy and sorrow, sorSunday, May 10th: Bishop off row and joy—that's life and we all

for his nine o'clock meeting; we went get it.

to Sunday School at twenty to ten. Friday, May 22nd: Maurine and

Dinner at home and Bishop back to her father and Bill and his family

Bishop's meeting at twothirty. left in two cars yesterday. They

Evening Sacrament meeting at all seemed so happy and will visit seven. The speaker, a young miswith their folks at home before the

sionary just returned from England, wedding next Monday. Arranging

talked about the works of Wilford my affairs, children's lessons, did he accomplish Woodruff. How etc., will clothes, everything etc., so Roses May 4th: so much?Monday, while are away. be all right we and romance! and naturally 11th: Sister B Monday, May

It doesn't 25th: Monday, May to Brother I tell me about not surcalled was N—weddings—so are here. possible Flew we sickness. I went and seem sudden down working from I came inprised whenin the garden this morning to find found him quite helpless with only over in four hours—-Burbank, over

a telephone call from Maurine inhis little daughter there and feeling the mountains, Las Vegas, over the viting the Bishop and me to be presvery lonesome and sad since the CaliforniaArizona desert, Southern ent at her marriage in the Salt Lake death of his wife. Helped the ReUtah, Milford, Delta, Bingham

Temple in three weeks, quite short lief Society president arrange the Canyon, Grantsville and Salt Lake!

notice, but evidently this seems to schedule of ladies to stay with them Thrilling of course, one feels quite be the best time for all concerned. until his oldest daughter returns like a different creature soaring

old the air. through home Our in a is no I few days. There girl, wonderful Maurine. am againA

lovelier spring than ever town, with like Society our Relief one quite intithat she countsproud me an mate friend. Fortunately she is enpresident. flowers. Strawberries and cream

this morning. for breakfast We Billgaged to, a fine boy who Y—to the wedding at noon—inreturned a mission South HThursday, May 14th: Much has went from

Africa two years ago. I am glad happened this week. Bishop quiet ceremony within sacred walls

they consider their marriage of sufand I are going to Salt Lake by air joining the lovers together forever ficient importance to be married in on urgent business. Maurine has and forever instead of "until death

the temple instead of being married now settled on her trousseau. A do you part."A pretty wedding

here. friend is making her wedding dress breakfast followed the ceremony,

couple drove the which young satin, of lovely following a after white Have Wednesday, May for off of rice usual the shower amid style. her usual simple goodbeen with shopping With Maurine—too6th'. luck. are honeymoongood They very has she decided her lived judgment on a mother couldbad not have

for in ing days the a few Kaibab soft,to flowery time. inexpensive see this happy Maurine's outfit—a Angeles, to then Los back work in dress, acousin chiffon afternoon or supper to is married who the manthey will soon be "at home"silk frock, casual printed a light gray where the ofager Corporation S—Picture friends. to their suit, tailoredtook an aquamarine courof the biggest us and to some

the old 26th: I love see theirtouriers of to tweed suit for hard Tuesday, Hollywood May wear—good

if it's pleasant. outfits. as leather. almost Satin as tough unexpected to tweed,wedding seemed A telebe the favorite fabric for the wedMaurine always dresses like a lady gram from Jim asking us to bring

ding gowns. They all had long—the right thing at the right time, his car down, so it looks as if my

sleeves, high necks, and various wellchosen and becoming to her Bishop and I will have a sort of lengths skirts. After Hollywood, particular type but never gaudy or honeymoon too! My hair is dreadshopped down town—it is such fun extreme in style. fully gray and I'm getting to be an

getting a trousseau together. Monday, May 18th: Interrupted old lady and my Bishop is very

Friday, May 8th: In the receivby a sad telephone call from Sister "portly,"but we're happy—and stilling line tonight for the M. I. A. K—that her darling little girl had believe in "the sweetest story ever

party, died. Bishop terribly upset about it told."

from a modernly equipped kitchen.

The chapel joins the recreation room and has a seating capacity for two hundred fifty. The class room

has accommodation for forty.

One of the new features of the building is a library. The sides of

this room are lined with open book shelves. A long oak study table

with oak chairs provides a quiet thoughtful atmosphere.

Another new feature is the modernistic girls'parlor or "clan"room as it is called. Small private

groups may engage it in advance for parties, suppers, and other social uses. The building has also three

classrooms furnished to accommodate the auxiliary activities of the

Laramie Branch of the Western States Mission.

The program of activities carried on by the Institute director includes weekday classes for University students in: History and Religion

of the New Testament, History and

Literature of the Old Testament, Religious Philosophy, Message and

Doctrine of the Mormon Church.

The board and faculty of the university recently voted to give reEXTERIOR AND INTERIOR VIEWS OF THE NEW L. D.

AT THE CAMPUS OF WYOMING THE UNIVERSITY ATS. INSTITUTELARAMIE, ADJOININGWYOMING. ligion an academic status and will

grant credit for undenominational courses.

A Sunday School is held each Sunday in conjunction with the

Laramie Branch. Twice each month MORE DOORS vesper services are scheduled which

are designed through special music and prepared speakers to stimulate thoughtful worship and contemplaARE OPENED tion. After vesper, student hosts

(hurch officials dedicate new quarters of l. d. s. and hostesses arrange a "fireside"

Institute at Laramie, Wyoming, adjoining University or "Sundae Nite."Old and young

of Wyoming campus. may come with their friends, singly,

in couples, or groups. They may

enjoy music, conversation, quiet

Written for the Church Department of Education by Magdalen Funk Sessions games, reading, and general good fellowship. Light refreshments are

INVITATION with a challenge and other school and state officials. provided by the hosts. The "Sunexterior of the building is of dae Nite"really has become aANhas come to the young peoThe

ple of Wyoming from the native stone of a rose tint which is popular substitute for the picture new Latterday Saint Institute adfurther emphasized by varying show and refreshment shop with the joining the university campus at deeper shades of red in the stucco advantage of home atmosphere and

Laramie. The dedication and fortrimmings and roofing. The interior congenial friends. Regular Con-

I. A. and Sacrament sermal opening of the new facilities was and furnishings of the building have joint M.

held March twentyninth at the bebeen planned to bring out the best vices in which the students particiginning of the third quarter of the in appreciation of beauty, and in the pate are conducted by the Branch 1935-6 academic year. President furtherance of culture, friendship, Presidency.

Heber J. Grant, President Arthur J. and study among the students. This building, with its appointCrane of the University, Governor An Oriental note is carried out ments and its open doors, provides

Leslie Miller, Franklin Harris, in the reception room. Off the rean atmosphere for the healthy cultipresident of the B. Y. U., and Dr. ception room lies the recreation room vation of a better understanding of

Franklin L. West, Church Commiswhich has an inlaid oak floor, a high real values, truer friendships, more

sioner of Education, all took part in arched ceiling, and mirrored doors Christian fellowship, and a clearer the program of the dedication, with which can be opened to disclose a definition of the Lord's purposes for their wives, the board of trustees refreshment table to be operated man.

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

Y. M. M. I.FOXA. ALBERT E. BOWENI. A. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM. CANNON LUCY GRANT Q. MORRIS GEORGE A. BEESLEY Offices CLARISSA Y. General M. I. A. W. FRANKLIN WEST NOY, ELSIE VAN HOGAN A. BUILDING KIRKHAM,L.. OSCAR

Secretary Executive Secretary LAKE CITY, SALT33 BISHOP'S UTAH

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

duced railway fares everywhere, so been accorded Hon. George Albert

Scouting. of the field in that large groups will be able to attend Smith, Broadcast Conference

is Smith, a member of the Elder who the conferences. Completed Arrangements

Committee Council Executive National letter Elizabeth Welker, Mrs. from A assignresponsible given a been has General and Annual ConferHPhe of the the President of wife German- A last the connection in with two ment Improvethe ence Mutual of interest says, Austrian Mission "The of National the meetings Counannual will held Associations be ment is in growing; our Convention A. M. the of cil, a member been has made Saturday, Friday, Sunday, and here will think a have crowd we weI. ScoutSenior on Committee Advisory in 14, Salt 12, 13, Lake and June proable to a over good put and be a as ing. has recognition come This I. leadCity. officers and A. M. are evening gram. Saturday we On the progress result by of the made in all ers interested others and featuring missionwide a Men- M Improvement Mutual Men's I. Young invited are the program A. M. Beehive Girl Gleaner Banquet. The field ScoutSenior in of the Association in Features to attendance. be of playlet, 'BeeGirls also staging the are Smith Elder time the during ing when to the addition in the Conference, all Trails,'will in be hive used which

its Superintendent. General was First Presithe messages from later for the Day. branches Swarm

will be Church, dency of the appointment by Pres- 'Spirit was made the of using the play, are The the We year's introduction the coming of of President first ident Walter for the Hive,'branch in each week W. Head,

consideration work, of Council, National the better in are President expecting May. We music, methods, teaching and for the to Merrill F. be with us Joseph Senior on Committee Advisory The dancing festivals. drama and big evening meeting Sunday. on Our the for responsibility the has Scouting

Plans been completed have early will held be Concert Monday Senior of the extension promotion and the a broadcast network for of will feature misevening, a be and one includes the Exwhich program Scout

I. Festival A. combined M. of eightyfive strong, chorus, sionary is patterned very plorer Group, which three approximately Chorus of in English, big On,'then 'Carry Gold a after largely Program the Vanguard

to voices be presented thousand Ball. In the between pause Green and Improveof the Mutual Men's Young the Broadcasting over Columbia little will the playdances, present we Scouting and Association, Sea ment S., on network a System U. let, of 'Music,''Revue taken from work. Scout Senior of the phases other possibly Canadian, European and will demonstrate also Sketches.'We

I. A. ERA CAMPAIGN WINNERS stations,MST Sunday,from 10:00June to1410:30froma. them. Dances."(for the first time) one of the M. Tabernacle, ANNOUNCED

letter recent Elder from Edwin A will include This broadcast I. Stakes Angeles and Big Horn A. Los president of Y. Jensen, M. M. an W. address on some phase of youth's Special of Declared acreports in Winners Auckland, New Zealand,

relationship to the Church, and tive work being accomplished in that Recognition for Placing First in will be heard on the regular land. quotas and numbers. Two Extra

Church of the Air series as were Prizes Given to Make a Total

Presthe First the testimonies of the ELDER SMITH HONORED of Twentytwo Winners idency occasion on the of

General Conference of the BY BOY SCOUTS /"\n page 379 appear this year's Era, the Church in April. Announcement from National head- - campaign winners of Group A

of stakes, Group and winners of smaller of the Scouts quarters direc- ** Boy music Stake and ward is inforstakes. Included B, the larger that information the contains to tors America take special are requested

also standing the and on I. another outstanding recognition has mation broadcast, note and M. of this of prize the awarded money amount in in the missions leaders A.

It that stake. will to each be noted to are urged Europe America and

keep in touch with their local Big Hoiji Stake in Group A and Los broadcasting officials to determine Angeles Stake in Group B have been in listed as Spe- a special class and will release put radio stations what these cial is because This Winners. so that this feature, Church

in their winners double were the stakes hear meet and groups may total the highest groups, subhaving it is availbroadcast wherever able. scriptions and also the highest percentage of quota. This is done for

the reason that under our announcement at the beginning of the campaign

HPhe annual conference of the Muit was stated that no stake would be * tual Improvement Associations is awarded two prizes, but that in the coming to be worldwide in its scope. event of a stake's qualifying for two

We are happy to announce that in all prizes the highest prize would be of the European Missions, threeday awarded. It was not anticipated that

gatherings are to be held on May 30, any stake would win the highest posi31, and June 1. This is a threeday tion in both groups. This occurred,

holiday throughout Europe, with reGEORGE ALBERT SMITH however, making it impossible to class377

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

ify Los Angeles and Big Horn Stakes under the ruling are awarded 5th prize sults of outstanding leadership. Inciin one group without working an inin each group and which under other dentally, Los Angeles Stake, in submitjustice to one or more stakes in that circumstances would have finished in ting 1051 subscriptions, again breaks

same classification. For that reason 6th place with no prize awarded. the record made by that stake last year

these two stakes have been declared for the highest total subscriptions ever

Special Winners and will be given the Doable Winners Commended submitted to The Improvement Era highest prize awarded to any stake, Our hats are off to Big Horn Stake from one stake. Her sister stake,

$50.00 in cash, and in addition the full in Northern Wyoming and Los AnHollywood, with just under eight hunnumber of prizes announced will be geles Stake in California. To win dred subscriptions, qualified for first

given to the other stakes qualifying. one prize is commendable, but to be place in the highest total subscriptions

This will make happy the stakes which winners in both groups shows the regroup, and third place in the percentage

OF ATTENDANTS THE GOLD AND GREEN BALL OF TREAND 1. DAFFODIL FESTIVAL BALL, TACOMA, WASHINGTON. 6. QUEEN

STAKE. BEAR RIVER WARD, M0NT0N

2. ANDQUEENSST. PAULAND BRANCHESATTENDANTSOF OFNORTHGOLDCENTRALAND GREENSTATESBALL,MISSION.MINNEAPOLIS 7. WINSLOWQUEEN, ESCORT,WARD, ARIZONA.AND ATTENDANTS OF GOLD AND GREEN BALL OF

BALL OF ALHAMBRA S. GREEN OF ATTENDANTS QUEEN GOLD AND AND SALT OF WARD BY NINETEENTH3. OF "HE CAST AND SHE,"PRESENTED STAKE. WARD, HOLLYWOOD CITY. LAKE HELD IN BALL 9. OF AND GREEN GOLD STAKE QUEEN ATTENDANTS AND

S. D. OF L. GREEN BALL4. OF GOLD AND ATTENDANTS QUEEN AND ALBERTA. CANADA. CARDSTON,

INSTITUTE IN P0CATELL0 STAKE. MALTA WARD, RAFT RIVER STAKE, SENDS IN A REPORT OF A SUCCESSFUL

5. CAST OF "THE POT BOILER"PRESENTED BY NEW ORLEANS M. I. A. JUNIOR GIRLS'BANQUET.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

of quota group. Under the contest rules

the first prize of $50.00 is awarded Hollywood for its first place in Group B.

As both Los Angeles and Hollywood

Stakes have now been divided, there is a chance for some other stake to earn the laurels next year, unless, of course, that indomitable spirit of Southern California spurs these stakes on to outdo themselves. The winners in the contest

were as follows:

GROUP A Big Horn Stake Winner of special recognition for placing first in both percentage and number.

Total Number Subscriptions Prize Stake No. Award

1. Snowflake.... 394 $50.00

2. Montpelier 357 40.00

3. 304 30.00 Moapa

4. Bear Lake 301 20.00 WARD,THE BOOKLOS OFANGELES.MORMON CLUB, WILSHIRE

5. Shelley 294 10.00

Highest Percentage of Quota Prize Stake Percent Award 169.5 $50.00 1. Curlew FIRESIDE

2. 40.00 168.2 Eastern States 30.00 A 138.7 3. Union

4. Juarez, 134.9 20.00 What to do after Church

5. North Central States 117.4 10.00 on a Sunday Evening? Here STUDY GROUP B is the story of how one

Los Angeles Stake group of young people of Winner of special recognition for placing Wilshire Ward, Hollywood By NORMAN PIERCE first in both percentage and number. Stake, solved the problem

Total Number Subscriptions in a notable manner.

Prize informal manner. The "Book of

Stake No. Award it is called, as has Club,"Mormon

. 799 $50.00 1. Hollywood natural gregarious tendency

it that popularity such developed 2. 765 40.00 Ogden

3. Ensign 755 30.00 on the part of young people has an attendance of from thirty-

4. Liberty 691 20.00 causes them to group tofive to fifty people. A 5. Salt Lake 555 10.00 gether and associate with their own The host or hostess of the eveHighest Percentage o/ Quota kind. This is especially true on ning is in charge of the gathering.

Prize after nights when Church misUsually several Sunday young returned

Percent Stake Award is still young. evening sionaries are present. Where Many valu-. 125.6 1. Burley $50.00 the

2. Uintah 120.9 40.00 they go and what they do is someable ideas and interesting contribu-

3. Maricopa 120.1 30.00 times of questionable value and tions come from all members of the

4. Franklin 114.2 20.00 often a cause for great worry to class, so that everyone has ample

5. 1 1 1.9 10.00 California Mission

their parents. opportunity for expression, developIt is pleasing to note that three misThe parents of one such group do ment, and enrichment.

sions qualify for prizes this year, not have to worry at all, because Two or three chapters are read

Eastern States, North Central States, this problem has been solved in a and discussed each evening. About

and California. As announced early manner worth noting and passing tenthirty the meeting is closed with

in the season the are missions now people are prayer. on. After the meetand for song young These

listed stakes. the the orqanized same as

of the ing is residents closed, are part light refreshments the most to Congratulations and Hollywood

Burley Stakes for leadinq in Group B, Wilshire Ward, Hollywood Stake, served and currently popular songs and to Snowflake and Curlew Stakes Los Angeles. are sung. A general air of joy and

for leadinq in Group A. These stakes At nine o'clock in the evening happiness prevails, and intimate,

conducted special campaigns and did after Church is out, they meet at wholesome social contacts are built excellent work. Other stakes which the home of one of their members up that really make the evening the

were barely eliminated from the prize to hold a semisocial meeting of their high point of the week for those awards also did splendid work. own. A different home is desigwho attend.

The Campaign is Over For This Year nated each Sunday night for this Dr. John A. Widtsoe, with Sister

The most successful efforts we have gathering, and the Book of MorWidtsoe, visited this "Book of Mormade since 1929 has been a glorious mon is studied and discussed in an mon Club"and reported it to be success. Our subscriptions have praiseworthy and commendable.

reached a new high mark with the exfor the April issues this year cannot be From this report it is hoped that out, filled. sold entirely and have ception the of the years before depresWe in other other people wards young

it still is strong the although sion. issue of demand extraordinary April The to inspired stakes form be and may copies. is additional print impractical to last materially. year, of Surely helped

find, their similar of groups and own in able to fortunate being in are as these magazines were such needed We true happifound, as this group has all subscribers to issue April the send Latterday Saint every home.

We regret to announce that the last whose subscriptions reached us before ness and spirituality in a fireside five or six hundred orders we received April 15, according to our promise. evening.

A BACKWARD GLANCE By J. B.JENNINGS at DANCING

i

perhaps never occurs to many ITof us that dancing and religion Yet they also give professional performances in the homes of private related. Yet closely been have for these individuals enpay who

in is case. the manysuch And tertainments. a rule, however, As

this has to theinstances day dance professional world in the modern retained something of its old assodancing as an art has become comciation with religious worship. pletely divorced from ceremonial

For the primitive man every worship.

interest, every occupation, every detail of his daily life is governed II by certain taboos and established Trancing as an art and dancers formalities which constitute a part as a professional class thus apof his religious belief. For him parently developed from the worthere is no such thing as religion ship of primitive man. Dancing

apart from life. as an amusement indulged in by

As a consequence the dance beall classes rather than as a cerecomes of supreme importance in mony performed on sacred occathe religion of primitive peoples. sions seems to have been of still

Their prayer, as well as their worlater origin.

ship, takes the form of a dance. Perhaps dancing first became

Sir H. H. Johnston, describing the popular in Spain, where the erotic

pygmies of Africa as a decorous dance attained its most perfect, its and moral people, tells us that their most harmoniously beautiful form.

dances are "danced reverently."Travelers to Spain during the

certain has man The civilized B. Jennings, J. unthe recount century eighteenth

services for theprescribed the of fundaThean activeauthor,memberMr. Church usual popularity dancing of among

Utah, in Ephraim, living of marnow tacitly has all classes. life—birth, church The past in the "Era"the for written religious ofriage, a practice becausementaldeath—servicesacts the encouraged in a wide himself interested has and socalled the with So, too,nature. it in spite in felt that, of its Canada, subjects. Born was range of

savage. For the solemn occasions educated at Snow College, at the occasional indecorum, the dance

Uni at the it and death the Utah University beof of for life-—whether safetyvalve as served a useful Jennings Mr. Oregon, versity of harvestthe in battle,of chieftain a emotions. the in English Degree A. holds an M. fall in the of theing the crops of practical of dancing, institution. worth The latter The the from

year, the marriage of a son—there author here presents an interesting thus early recognized by the

is a fitting dance to solemnize the Backward Glance at Dancing. church, has perhaps been the chief

occasion. reason for its everincreasing popThe American Indian tribes seem ularity among all classes.

to have had their own religious far step. But the step was taken. The relationship which the

dances, varied and elaborate, and This very thing happened in Hadance, as a species of rhythmic to the participants very meaningwaii. The hula dance was originally expression, bears to such other

ful. The ancient Hebrews, we are a religious dance. It was a dance arts as music and poetry, has been

told, danced before the ark. The which required a long and arduous a subject of frequent comment.

Shamans in the far white wastes of training on the part of the parSwinburne says that a poet must

Northern Siberia have their ecticipants. It was further required always write to a tune; so, too,

static religious dances. Until very of the participants that they obthe dancer must always dance to a

recently, perhaps even to this day, serve certain important taboos and tune. Musicians tell us that a

the Turkish dervishes dance in exercise certain religious rites. As symphony is but a development

their cloisters similar dances which a consequence the dance came to be of a dance suite. The various arts,

are combined with song and carried out by special paid perwhich are perhaps the distinguishprayer to form a part of their deformers and finally lost much of ing mark between civilized and votional service. its religious significance. savage peoples, are thus closely

In English cathedrals there was So, too, in India. The Devadrelated—and the dance has been

dancing until the fourteenth cenasis, the sacred dancing girls, are said to be the mother of all the tury, but in France the practice at once both religious and profesothers. As we know, for instance,

continued to an even later date. sional dancers. These girls are the supreme aesthetic achievement

From the sacred function of taught dancing by the Brahmins of the Greeks, the drama, appardancing in religious worship to and figure in various religious cereently had its origin in the religious dancing as a profession and then monies. Their dances are supposed dances of the Dionysiac revels.

as a popular amusement seems a to symbolize the mysteries of life. In primitive times social soii380

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

music lay at the foundation of But let Colonel Kane, ever the their whole political, military, and good friend of the Mormons, dereligious organization. Gymnastics scribe the leavetaking in the words

occupied a preeminent position in he used before the Historical Sotheir educational system, and by ciety of Pennsylvania: "..,

gymnastics the Greeks meant dancThere was no sentimental affectaing. tion at their leavetaking. The afIn individual education, too, the ternoon before was appropriated to

importance of dancing has been a farewell ball; and more merry

long recognized and was especially dancing I have never seen, stressed in the ancient civilizations. though the company went without

"A good education consists in refreshments, and their ballroom knowing how to sing and dance was of the most primitive. It was

well,"Plato declared in his the custom, whenever the larger "Laws."Dr. G. Stanley Hall, one camps rested for a few days toof the keener and more enlightened gether, to make great arbors or

educators of our own day, has boweries, as they called them, of lamented the decay of dancing. poles and brush and wattling, as

He believes that a revival of dancplaces of shelter for their meetings ing will give poise to the nerves of devotion or conference. In one

and strength to the will. Dancof these, where the ground had

ing, he remarks, serves to harmobeen trodden firm and hard by the nize the feelings and the mind withworshipers of the popular Father in the body which contains them Taylor's precinct, was gathered clarity might be achieved by war, and is subjected to their conflicts. now the mirth and beauty of the

and, even in our own times, we The moral value of dancing is Mormon Israel."

have seen how the varied elements not always generally recognized.

ball? the of what "With And broughtin population be fact, our In four centuries may some ago

rest, the the the attended of Elders crisis. national to face atogether atdancing popular vigorously was

call, including within Church also achieved solidaritySocial spirit was the tacked Puritan run by all nearly chiefs the of the High riot. the war ofby means dance—and chilCouncil, their with wives and allied in closely dancing wereand prejudice against dancing The dren. gravest the They, most and as early days. Dancing,those we rise Puritanism has to which gave troubleworn, the seemed most in the of useknow, made was in persisted religious various bodfirst of to to anxious the any be military systemhighly developed ies, however, to there be seems now off throw the of burden heavy during Inof the Romans. Rome a to moral, recognize tendency the thoughts. leading off Their thethe was of which March, month social, of influence beneficent and in dancing cotil- a great double there the of wargod,the month the dance. lion, festivity the bade commence. Salli, the a group dancingwas by

the violins, canto of debonair To dancers,of military before sacred Ill the cheer of horns, the jingle of altars.the the temples and around

And songs so ancient that not even Tt is an evidence of this lingering sleigh bells, and the jovial sounding the priests could understand them prejudice that visitors to Latterof the tambourine they did dance!

were sung. day Saint communities frequently None of your minuets or other

Dancing must have vastly inexpress surprise at the large place mortuary processions of gentiles fluenced, in their beginnings, all which we give to dancing in our in etiquette, tight shoes, and pinchthe cooperative concerns of life. social life. But the leaders of our ing gloves, but the spirited and

It helped to teach individual man Church recognizing the value of scientific displays of our venerated the art of subjecting himself to the dancing, have ever encouraged its and merry grandparents, who were larger ideals of the group. Grosse, practice among their followers. not above following the fiddle to

the author of "Beginnings in Art,"During the long and arduous the Foxchase Inn, or Gardens of was the first to see and clearly set journey across the plains, the Gray's Ferry. French fours, Coforth the high social significance of Saints frequently found a mopenhagen jigs, Virginia reels, and

the dance. He insists that our ment's forgetfulness of the perils the like forgotten figures executed

most advanced civilizations are and hardships of the day's march with the spirit of people too happy based, finally, on dancing; that it in social gatherings at which songs, to be slow, or bashful, or conis the dance which has, more than music, and dancing were featured. strained."

any other single factor, socialized One such gathering was the fareman. well party given for the departing "\\7ith the sinking of the sun beDancing as a power for national Mormon Battalion. "About six hind the low hills in the west,

education, in the large sense, soon o'clock,"we are told, "the council, dancing ceased and silence was came to be realized. There is an Captain Allen, Col. Kane and a called for. And then through the

old Chinese axiom which says that large party of the Saints assembled cool air of evening rang the voice "One may judge of a king by the inside the Bowery and danced to of fairfaced, darkeyed Susan state of dancing during his reign."the music of the band until near Devine, singing "The Maid of

We know the large position which dark, when the exercises closed Judah, a version of that text so dancing occupied in the educational with a song, 'The Maid of Judah,'near to the hearts of these wandersystems of the old Greek states. It by Susan Devine, and benediction ers in search of sanctuary:

has been said that dancing and by President Young."{Continued on page 384)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

He SCOFFS AT HANDICAPS By J. R. PAULSON ( oooro to Of

Physical handicaps? Wilkins

Nuttall scoffs at them. Cske Jjrwe

Although he has no left leg he can swim, play basketball and 9Pr football, skate both on roller and

MID the excitement of prepice skates, win laurels in diving and aration for the happy event, tennis, ride a bicycle well, become it is comforting to know that a regular on a college wrestling your wedding stationery is squad and climb mountains. Morecorrect in form and in the latover, he does all these things well.

est mode. See our beautiful At the Brigham Young Univernew stock of social stationery sity water carnival at Saratoga reand let us handle this detail sort on May 22, 1934, Wilkins took

for you, assured that it will first place in the diving contest receive the most painstaking against stiff competition. Having

care. Prices very modest. but one leg seemingly bothered him

Call or write for samples not in the least as he executed difficult maneuvers from the springboard and the highdiving platform. WILKINSJUMP BARNUTTALLAT FIVE FEET,CLEARINGAFTERTHEHAVINGHIGH

Powerful arms and shoulders DISCARDED HIS CRUTCH.

stronger than the average—make

up for the deficit of having only one leg. "The leg kick isn't as importtwo mountains that were climbed

ant as they say,"Wilkins answered for the first time, as far as it is b when asked about how he obtained known, by Wilkins and his friends.

such speed in his many swimming Timpanogos mountain in the Waand diving exhibitions in Salt Lake satch range of Utah is another peak and Utah county pools. "The lack that has been scaled by Nuttall. HeVj Deseret of one kicking leg in the water climbed Timpanogos first when he

doesn't seem to bother me."was but twelve years old.

Those same powerful shoulders Football he has played, and basINews Press that lend him speed in the water ketball. He played forward on the

29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City are no doubt responsible for much Twin Falls high school basketball "Pioneer Printers of the West"of his success in wrestling. As a teams—the second teams—and was

member of the Brigham Young Uniwell on the road to a berth on the versity squad he has made many a first team in his senior year when he twolegged opponent bite the resin. moved to Provo, Utah, and finished

School. BE One of Wilkins'outstanding high school at the Provo High INDEPENDENT achievements in sport is his ability

No Other Vocation So Profitable 1 to high jump. clear the In football Wilkins played end. He can

ENROLL NOW bar at five feet, although he is only Although he did not reach a degree

For a Complete Course at the of ordinary height. In making the of perfection that would permit him

preliminary run he uses his crutch to be used in the regular games he Culture ofQuish School Beauty to gain scrimmaged speed. with the before Just squad he and

in the The Best West learned reaches the takeoff the rudiments of he drops this the game.

304-9 Ezra Bldg. Thompson artificial aid and with a bow down Wilkins skates with CITY, that SALT a speed LAKE UTAH on leg his powerful he a makes treis startling. Further Information For his crutch as With an and Catalog Call mendous leap—and he's over. oar he can push his way about a

7560 or Wasatch In some of the wild regions of roller skating rink with dazzling in This Fill his Idaho where parents reside speed. bicycle a a mile And riding Coupon

many of Wilkins'feats in climbing to school each morning seems quite mountains have been performed. an achievement when all the pedalMt. Stanley and Mt. Heyburn are ing must be done on one side.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

Proficient as Wilkins is in other sports, swimming and tennis are the two in which he excels. His Before you buy any Are Your

foremost exploit in tennis came he paired with1932 when Wilson in automatic refrigerator INVESTMENTS

Street of Provo to win the Utah... you owe it to yourself

State doubles title in the De Molay contest. He plays a fast game of to see the new 1936tennis, puts into his stroke a drive INSURED

that is easily wrought from his Let us explain how you may save your investwhere SAFELYstrong arms, and hops about the up to INSURED ARE ELECTROLUX ments agility. surprisingcourt with $5000.00. THE REFRIGERATOR

gets Wilkins great pleasure from Investments from GAS Monthly

It sports.these is a joy to watch $100.00 or 50c to

the expression on his face as he Fullpaid Income Shares.

performs one of his specialties. His Write for booklet giving full

style in wrestling is different from information that of amateurs. most To lend to of money have plenty begin Wewith, he hops up to his opponent conrates at attractive and on

aggressively, ruffles the opposing venient terms.

wrestler's hair, hops in and out as strategy commands, pushes back theopponent's head with a snap of his DESERET hands, and attempts to get into an immediate clinch. As soon as theygo to the mat the work of his strong FEDERAL

arms and shoulders come more into Savings and Loan Association play. He usually worries the other 44 South Main Street

grappler with a series of headlocks. Salt Lake City, Utah

Although he cannot get the scissors on his adversary, neither can he be Name...

harried with the splits. Address

He has added constantly to his repertoire of difficult feats. He can

even do ballroom and tap dancing.

He does his ballroom dancing with the aid of a crutch but in the spring of 1933 surprised even his friends by appearing in a humorous sketch on Provo high school alumni day and doing a tap dance to music. Utah's WorldFawoosResort

This was done without the crutch.

Wilkins isn't the sort to cry about OPENS his in misfortune having but one leg, the other of lost which unDecoration Day he der a street flusher truck in Idaho

Falls when he was only five years It's PERMANENTLY old. He takes it as a fact to be

faced faced and to be with fortitude, I. A. DAY it talkcan naturally, about and acSILENT M.

cepts it in the spirit 12 same game he JUNE The automatic gas refrigerator never Featuring1accepts the things difficult that are to do. His is the spirit of greatness, makes a sound—and never can! A tiny DANCE FESTIVAL

with 1500 Participatingbecause instead of allowing a handigas flame—silent as a candle—takes

all place of machinery.cap into to turn him a a the whiner or It means long years of refrigeration. economical itmisanthrope, turned has into he

beautiful 1936 models. newan asset. See the IS SUPERB

for as little as BATHING can have one Yon

Old Man Success has a way of $5 down—Easy Termsboarding with people who show the

drive and courage that this youngman has shown. The grim determiCAROL LOFNER

nation that would not let a physical and his famous Orchestra full seasonhandicap hinder him from making MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY ofFirstthe World'sattractionFinestof a Dance in enviable willan Music sports showing COMPANY in a force that aidbe should him COME TO SALTAIR 36 South State otherconquering Wasatch 1300 formidable obstacles.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

A Backward Glance at IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT Dancing

TO M. I. A. OFFICERS AND MEMBERS- "By the rivers(Continuedof Babylonfrom pagewe381sat

The books for the 193637 M. I. A. Reading Course have been down and wept.

selected. These books will be available at the Deseret Book We wept when we remembered

Company during the June M. I. A. Conference. Get your copies Zion."

early. "There was danger of some expression of feeling when the song

was over,"says Colonel Kane, Here is a suggested project for stake Mutual workers: Set as your goal, "for it had begun to draw tears!

one complete set of these books in each Ward. but breaking the quiet with his hard

voice, an Elder asked the blessing of heaven on all who, with purity

Another book worth owning: of heart and brotherhood of spirit,

in that society, and had mingled HOME EVENING HANDBOOK to hastening all dispersed, then

This book will prove, not only entertaining, but helpful in solving many of cover from the falling dews...."

your problems. Price 50c postpaid. "Let the officers regulate all the

dances,"President Young advised

DESERET BOOK COMPANY the men in parting. "If you come

44 EAST ON SOUTH TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY home and can say the captains have managed all the dancing, etc., it

will be all right."

Following the arrival of the first groups of Saints in Utah, all were occupied with the vastly important concern of breaking the soil and MEN

Wanted to train under direct supervision of factory engineers, appointed under sowing the crops, for other comarrangement with 20 leading manufacturers, Men with A-l character referpanies were already en route and ences, finance able to for several employed themselves and who months are now to fill trained will be estimator, position as installation engineer, good pay and would need food on their arrival.

service and maintenance expert in all branches of domestic, commercial and On the 10th of August, 1848, the industrial first harvest feast was held. A

AIR CONDITIONING & REFRIGERATION. boweryof the Fort,wasanderectedunderneathin the itcenterwere

Program consists of preliminary training at home which will not interfere with laden tables groaning under the finishing present practical with intensive training in employment, our Laboratories service Shops. National to graduates. placement giving bounteous fare. Dancing occupied and Write

age, phone, present employment, to R. and A. C. Institute, 50 North Main a large place on the program.

Room 3, Salt Lake City, Utah. Parley P. Pratt was present, and

he describes the event: "Large

sheaves of wheat, rye, barley, oats, and other products were hoisted on poles for exhibition, and there was prayer, music, dancing, smiling 1 faces, and merry hearts. It was aSUMMER TERM STARTS JUNE great day with the people of these

SPECIAL AND REGULAR COURSES GIVEN DURING THE SUMMER valleys, and long to be remembered MONTHS by those who had suffered and

A POSITION FOR EVERY GRADUATE waited anxiously for the results of

Our School has been unable to fill all the positions open this year—Employment a first effort to redeem the interior

conditions are the Best in Eight Years—Completion of a Henager Course will deserts of America."

be the best investment you can possibly make. Opportunities for Students to earn Brigham Young evidently recogBoard and Room. nized the sound educational value

New Classes Starting Each Week of dancing as a discipline of both

Call, Write or Phone for catalog—mention "Era"mind and body, as a proper correcVisitors Welcome Anytime tive of mental as well as physical

troubles. "I want it distinctly understood,"he stressed, "that fiddling and dancing are no part of

our worship. The question may be

asked, What are they for, then?

I answer, that my body may keep pace with my mind. My mind Mt/JinMdy C&$egte. labors like a man logging, all the

45 East Broadway D. B. MOENCH, Manager Wasatch 2753 time; and this is the reason why I

'THE SCHOOL WITH A NATIONAL REPUTATION'am fond of these pastimes—they

mt> -Hi"'iw mr>**r (Continued on page 385)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

BOOK OF MORMON CANTATA PRODUCED

Musical Work by W. King Driggs given in the Oakland Auditorium under direction of Lawrence B. Reeder, Claremont rNow—Home Movies

Choral Club conductor.

HPhe Liahona, a cantata written by cisco's leading oratario vocal artists Well Within Your * a Latterday Saint, W. King were selected for the solo parts. A

Driggs, and produced by a Mormon wellbalanced orchestra of professional Price Reach...

choral society, March 30 and May 26, symphony experience played the mus1934, has been given the distinct honor ical score. Cine'-Kodak Eight brings well

of being produced by Lawrence B. The action of The Liahona comwithin your price reach crisp,

Reeder, a leading voice teacher and mences with the exiles leaving Jerubrilliant action pictures of your conductor of the Claremont Choral salem. Three motifs appear in the friends and family—any interestClub of Berkeley, May 22, 1936. composition: ( 1 ) a minor, sinister ing event which you wish to preNeither the director nor the chorus are theme representing Laman, the rebelserve.

members of the Church. The Mormon lious son of the prophet Lehi; (2) a The camera itself costs only

Male Chorus which has broadcast over major, religious theme representing Ne- $34.50 and gets from 20 to 30

the radio swelled the number of singers phi, the righteous son; (3) symbolizscenes on a $2.25 roll of film.

to eightyfive. Four of San Franing the Liahona. You'll enjoy seeing on our screen

sample movies made with the Eight. Just drop in at your convenience.

We're Always Glad to Show A Reel or Two of Cine'-Eight Movies

EASTMAN Jxooak STORES, INC.

!155 Main StreetSalt Lake City, UtahWasatch 5292

-HM-—IC—||—it.wt| H ii If

es

There is one safe guide to DIAMOND VALUES It is the name BOYD PARK JEWELERS y/ ABOVE, LEFT, PROFESSOR LAWRENCE REEDER, CONDUCTOR OF THE CLAREMONT CHORAL BOYD PARK BLDG. 166 MAIN STREET

CLUB'S PERFORMANCE OF THE "LIAHONA;"RIGHT, W. KING DRIGGS, COMPOSER OF THE

BOOK OF MR. CANTATA "LIAHONA."DRIGGS IS OF PARLEY MORMON A GRANDSON

PRATT. BELOW, CALIFORNIA, AUDITORIUM, MUNICIPAL OAKLAND, SCENE OF THEP. Prices for Engagement ensembles

"LIAHONA"PERFORMANCE, MAY 22, 1936. 25.00

A BACKWARD GLANCE AT DANCING 35.0050.00

(Continued from page 384) 75.00

give me a privilege to throw everyday ward amusement halls, where 100.00

thing off, and shake myself, that socials and dances may be held or more my body may exercise, and my under proper supervision are not mind rest. What for? To get uncommon. It is but a further eviTermsto suit your convenience

strength and be renewed and dence of that Latterday Saint Permanent full price exchange quickened and enlivened and aniwisdom which recognizes that reprivilege mated, so that my mind may not ligion must interest itself in the The Mark "BOYD PARK"wear out."carefree as well as the serious moyour guarantee

This same policy has been conments of life; that the body as We invite mail inquiries

tinued and expanded by succeedwell as the soul of man is its coning leaders of our Church until tocern.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

TALKING DRUMS (Continued from page 363) either! Swimming the river was too realize that a new man was on duty.

hopeless even to be considered, with Then the new man uttered a whoopPAINT sheer rocky walls on both sides. of delight that almost made Larry

Larry's heart sagged at the realizalose control of his two fractious tion of his own helplessness. Was mules.

then, to nothing, he do "Larry Warner! Where in theLate springNOW!and early summer is an ideal goodnatured at stake? His were when lives world—season—and be sure to use face became grim and haggard. It was Ray Allard, his boyhood

What could he do? Not a thing! chum, transferred to the Black River

Gorge Junction! Wonderful to seeBENNETT'S JLarry's mind traveled Ray again! Ray was a big fellow

back to his meeting with Ray Allard. now, almost as big as Larry himself;

his curly; smile his black hair was in the out here Curious, meeting Ray 'jPropmii as as contagious always it had was years! after all these wilderness

Everything used in the Big Squaw been; and he was the picture of

Insurance/ Mountain ranger station had to be good health. Excitedly they discustaken in from the Junction on packsed the changes that had taken place

mules. An isolated job it was, but in their lives since they had last met.

Larry liked the outdoors. Still, Both had gone to college; Ray for PURE PAINT both he and the second ranger, Cliff two years until his money had given

for all exterior surfaces Tanner, welcomed the infrequent out and he had had to go to workProven best by two generations of users visits to the Junction as a welcome for the railroad—Larry had manin the intermountain region break in the routine. aged to graduate by waiting on table

the college lunch room. the in until rounded had he

been crazy have must "We within a hunBUY IT AT promontoryNot and was

BENNETT'S dred yards of the siding did he youngsters,"Ray had laughed. "Re61-65 West First South member how we used to play Indian?

ride to our bikes on a fence And try

I and at Bennett Dealers everywhere rail, until broke And my arm? After the Sheepskindo you remember the time you read

all excited Then What? a book on Africa and got

about the 'talking drums'that the (Continued from page 374) natives used to communicate with

NOW LEARNING MUSIC pel of Jesus Christ will help you to other villages?"

find equal joy in other fields worthy Larry's blue eyes had gleamed.

that I insisted I do! you "I'll say intelligent conception and accomofIS LIKE PLAYING A GAME I could learn so that code Morse plishment.

method homeNew drum. out messages abiltap to you is on my governed by your Success easy as A-B-C! patient! certainly families were instead Our steppingstones to make special talent is ity No

previous felt like breaking have reverses must They millstones of the various ofrequired—no

training.musical You pieces into those a million drums that adversities way. come your in right and play learn to

your home own this Without adversities and trials there before we got through with that School IT. S. of Music

way and its cost avercould be no progress and upon adcraze."

only a few centsages versities and trials all progress de- "It was a crazy phase,"Ray said day.a

There's nothing pends! thoughtfully. "What a lot of time

tricky about theories.it—no Refined understanding and wiswe wasted with those talkingcomplicated

more,What's with dom are attained when we are able drums."system this shortcut

you don't have to to analyze our impulses and relegate "Wasted?"Larry smiled. "I

practichours spend scales or monotonous finger exercises. them to their respective fields of don't know about that. Didn't we tediousing

start. the real tunes from learn youInstead I learn always code? was for example, Morse usefulness. us use Let picture told a areFirst what you

I still it do, there then, yourself do and to do—thenyou right studying to are do up hate. youshows how anger and we When it—then

it. hearand in the cabin Big on MounSquaw our temper to afford keep can we Violin, Ukulele, the to Piano, play Decide now

it, I is tain. at the look Guitar, Accordion, This afford Piano cannot are Banjo, Hawaiian wayTenor wrong we when we

like. instrument you other or anySaxophone It is for it. Ray. an hard empty bag to lose

FREE BOOKLET AND DEMONSTRATION In triumph we magnify our callto stand upright. An empty head

LESSON ing in a manner that enables us to is equally useless. If you're going

for Free Free Booklet Demonand Write today detail. live our lives here so successfully to be of any service to others or this in explaining methodstration Lesson

Mention your favorite instrument. U. S. School and in such harmony as to qualify yourself, you have to acquire

of Brunswick Muse, 1886 I don't think any suppliedInstruments when Bldg.,needed—cashNew Yorkor creditCity. us preeminently for whatever task knowledge. And

we may be called upon to fulfill knowledge gained is ever wasted

KODAK FILMS, any size, developed hereafter. any useful knowledge, that is. How

Reprints, for prints coin; 25c 8 made and that of course, about Morse?""sheepskin,"the After

negatives size, each. Send two 3c any had grinned. "You win! I our triumph. Ray It's must to make samples. easy free mail us we for struggle—'tis have to tap out code on this job."yourBOX films.351, OGDEN,LION UTAH.PHOTO SERVICE, "Shun not the

God's gift.""There you are,"Larry laughed.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

TALKING DRUMS

the standing on IN ow, WKBEP indecision, that oftrail in a paralysis conversation returned to Larry's mind. Talking drums! If he only

had a drum, and if Ray would understand the significance of a drum! Futile hope! There f $25.4g -VOU ROBBER!!if he heard it—

was no drum closer than a hundred miles; certainly not on Big Squaw

Mountain.

But the idea persisted. Hammering on rocks would not carry sufficiently far. Beating on the wooden

walls of the ranger cabin would be equally useless. He needed a sound

with depth and resonance! Would

his voice carry against the wind?

Larry cupped his hands around his mouth, and shouted. Then he

waited, tense. No answer! The

echoes were tossed back and forth from the mocking walls of the gorge. UNIVERSAL JOINTS THAT "BACKLASH"can cost up to

But they would not reach Ray; $25.00 for repairs. But don't blame the repairman. The trouble may

the carry against not wind.would

have originated from too heavy or too light a lubricant or the right pictured telescoped those Larry cars and engine again, and a cold lubricant improperly applied. Shellubrication puts the right lubricant in

chill traveled down his back. He the right place in the right way. In every Shellubrication job, eleven to

shouted louder—still louder. And sixteen special Shell lubricants are used.

in a moment, he heard a reply.

Cliff's voice, from above! Larry

groaned.—Ray"Ray,"Allard!"he repeated, louder. "Ray

Cliff's anxious voice: "Larry!

Anything wrong?"

"No,"Larry answered; "not with Shellubrication is a reme. But there's an avalanche coversuit of the joint research of Shell

track."ing the

Larry continued calling until he engineers and the engineers of 28 was hoarse. He could not stir any

reply. Ray was doubtless in his leading U. S. car makers. It brings

office, perhaps waiting by a clicking you the most "foolproof"system telegraphic key.

Larry glanced at his watch. In of car upkeep yet devised. Ask

just fortyfive minutes—! It seemed about its many safety factors at

as if he could hear the distant approach of the train. Imagination, your neighborhood Shell station.

of course, but it left his body damp with apprehension.

"If I only had a big drum,"he thought, and then stiffened.

He stood for a moment in a daze.

Then he started at a run up the zigzag trail. He had not come by muleNEW GRAND MainHOTELat 4th Southback because both mules were highstrung, and there was no telling

what they would do at the swift WELCOME passage of the new streamlined train. Now he wished desperately M. I. A.

that he had one of them. CONFERENCE

His heart was pounding hard before he had ascended a quarter of VISITORS a mile of the steep trail. Larry

slowed his pace. This wouldn't do! M. H. THOMPSON, Mgtr.

He had to reach the cabin! And he

{Continued on page 388) 1 m''W 'm

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

O-iMMMJ-i * I (.Mttr, *!>-<'!- 1 >*(!<

1 TALKING DRUMS \ I. A. would need all his wits when{Continuedhe gotfrompausedpage 387)before the big drum for a M.

i there. moment. Could he remember the

He jogged along at a dogtrot. Morse code he and Ray had used| Conference His body was drenched; his pulses as children?

1 hammering. Higher and higher he He struck the drum with the

Visitors climbed, until the river became a sledgehammer. There was a deafit, ening clank! cutLarry thread. snakelike specks Black touched

their to spend find it a pleasure will short; ting the struck it again, eyes, his smarting sound and danced before... see at Sears hours shopping

the smartest new styles in apparel his head was spinning. Wearied shortening the sound; then struck

for you and your family... you'll muscles ached'from the strain, but it a third time. After a pause,

savings you can make the welcome out struck a dotpause-dot; then himself drove he on, his mouth set he

too. prices, low on Sears

it three short in hard, more a white line. dots. That was

S.! underBut a run would O. and Ray He—S. fit—but

! trying stand this to for he do? what was Sears New up much even Too wasslope—hard

Furniture Department his hardened muscles! A dozen Larry beat out the S. O. S. time after

times he thought he would have to time, while Cliff watched him as if is the talk of the state.. the finest

display of HonorBuilt furniture yet stop. But he forced himself on. Larry had suddenly gone crazy.

to be shown in Salt Lake City... Second wind came, and for a time Afar off they could hear a strange

special low prices now in effect. it was a little better. And then even sound. The streamlined train!

! this new source of energy began to "Avalanche covers the track!"

SPORTING GOODS be drained. Larry clipped out in answer to

OUTING NEEDS He was scarcely able to drag himCliff's questioning glance. "Ray and

CANNING SUPPLIES self when he saw Cliff running down I used talking drums to communiELECTRICAL APPLIANCES the trail toward him, his face cate with each other when we were

AH guaranteed merchandise at anxious. youngsters. But he seems to have

Guaranteed Savings Larry braced himself weakly forgotten, if he can hear me....

SEARS, against a rock. "Drum,"he gasped. No, listen!"ROEBUCK & CO. j Cliff's lean, tanned face was in- A faintly discernible ringing and Broadway Main

of sound! muttered. pounding credulous. Another! he The "What?"

The Thrift Corner of Salt Lake City in. a sledge gasoline drum. on another water "Big drum we keepL,,,, i Empty it. Hurry!"His face strained, Larry translated

Cliff did not question the strange the dots, long rings code—pauses,five counts. request. One glance at Larry's lasting

HEADQUARTERS orderglisteningwas faceurgent.told Hehimscamperedthat the make"He'sit fast!"tellingLarryme tocriedgo ahead,exultantly,and

For Latterday Saints up the trail, and vanished over the his eyes glistening.

Garments nextbreathingrise. heavily.Larry staggered along, ingLarrythe unitsbeat outfor thehismessage,spaces, touchcount-

TO FACTORY YOU FROM to ing the transported their water drum make his spaces up They

Solicit Orders Mail Your We short. ran: trail in code His drums two small gasoline Ladies'the Lt. Men's and Wt. No. 88.

New Style $.65 which could be strapped on opposite "Avalanche on track. Will

Men's and Ladies'Wt. No. 89 Med. 1.10 sides of a mule, for there was no wreck train. Stop it at Junction."Style New

80. Back 1.35 Double Wt. Men's Heavy No. you,"answered. the mountain. water on Ray He and "Got

81. Double Old Style Heavy No. Wt.

of the last Ray's message a small platform arranged Cliff had 1.50 And Back

87. Old and No. Lt. Wt. New Styles 85 against the side of the house to came just in time. A long blast of Special GarNo. 85. NonRun Very

to Not train's ments whistle!—Guaranteed lifted Larry of the they drums, one—which sound—the 1.10 Special Run Rayon Cliff's tense. lean face waited, to was flow permitting through the water Lt. LaMen's and Wt. No. 84. Med.

dies'Style, Double CombNew 85 a pipe into the house. white. Lives were dependent on Fine Extra ed Yarn,

Specify when ordering your bust, trunk Ray's ability to stop that train! The

gorge shrilled the or old length, through whether and new the whistle reached 'hen Larry ladies'. Wh or Paystyle,Postageand We a heard again. they And then Cliff in States. lowered the had United found cabin, he ifAnywheremen's

the drum to the ground, and had screech as the train came to a sudden halt the halt. that at speed, But its pails. into emptied water LEWIS MOSE

14 ST. SO. MAIN nose too could sudden. not be The into the ran house, and Larry

CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH train streamlined of the showed small a sledgehammer. found He this seeing Please mention Ad in this

Magazine just around the corner of the promiiiiii mini li nn muni m ill i m ini m i n i in w nu n PICTURE ontory when it finally stopped, and

By Cristel Hastings the two forest rangers had their first glimpse of the newest type of

Seil Greeting Cards Portraying the TRUE Spirit fo Purple hills that rim the bay, "ironhorse."

curve of a The snowy sail- "Kind of useful,"Cliff said sky, blue of sea and SapphireOur BosCHRISTMASof 24 DeLuxe Scripture Text Polders is, withAnd emerald green a trail. huskily, "knowing how to do things.."

best value market. value on theout the doubt, If $1.75 A your you hadn't known code-—

or for boxes, postpaidsent you to 60c. Two more 50c flash quick the gray gold Sunset and slowly shivered, then and Larry containing lovely each Boxes,each. 4 Cards For and 15 soar that wheel and orders sell Take send now!Folders, They on $1.00. think about not "Let's smiled. or distant star a two—sight. Shepherdstown, Pa. CO., CARD SHEHERDST0WN OfDusk—andgulls

And the lights from homes ashore. that!"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 193

MOVING MOUNTAINS (Continued from page 367)

read about polar expeditions which eerie haze. The rumbling conmight explain the sound. For a tinued in the distance, while somewhile he could recall nothing which where ahead, in the icy haze, the

enlightened his troubled mind. voice of old Spike arose again and

Then suddenly he remembered him on and on. again—guidingsomething which he had read years Then abruptly Bob found himbefore in an epic of arctic exploraself on stationary ice. He had

tion. The lines rushed through his crossed the lane—he could tell by forfor youryour

letters of the rocking, to stand the absence swinging seemed 2$y1 trip!trip! motormotormind—the vftW prevailed motion him:out which before in the haze scenicscenic on the plan,plan, listinglisting PersonalPersonal triptrip ice he *

freelfree! sentsent hotels.hotels, camDS.camps, wanner*wonders, left. just slight trem- a had Only is the weather calm "Though and to want you telling when wheraand write, Just felt bling ice could the be on now. travel completestill little postpaid, mail you, ship, our about icebound go. We

in America North trip anywhere willmotor for plan effect distant the of storm had The faroff roaring Elaboratea maps obligation! can heard be charge, no of—free tr with or entire 'P- 'trl* far. not that yet reached sped Bob tfk the haze.through foggy Each routes man and best your

aboard our doomed vessel holds his on. latestmarkedroad... conditionshotel and

breath, knowing full well that the But suddenly he found himself. camp... guidelists,to scenic,with rateshisspiral- ice. -a facing perpendicular a toric of wall is sights—all the shifting roaringmighty and especially book, up made Touraide into bound his path, great across a It loomed Conoco Also maps. unfolding Eliminates ice of the for prespacking you. caused by

expense card, identification with Passport white, barrier fogwrapped which request. on rec-A information distant a sport of storm.sure each Fishing, ords And

to Write now Oil Co. Continental of service totally impassable. seemed Bob that the steady knowsman whenadvance of the packing ice reaches hesitated. Then moved closer—to CONOCO TRAVEL BUREAU

us, all will be over with our little find that what seemed, in the haze, DEPT. 50 DENVER, COLORADO

ship. Our only home on the ice a smooth wall of ice was a broken,

will be crushed and covered by ridgecut, shelfdotted precipice mountains of heavy ice. The rumwhich was not perpendicular at all,

bling comes steadily on, like the farbut which rose upward at a steep away onward rush of a mighty exangle like the side of a high mounpress. Anxious, haggard faces peer tain back in the states. The icy

constantly out through the misty wall lost itself quickly in the haze, making it impossible for Bob to seehaze, listening, listening—listening

to the unseen ice packing and piling over ten or fifteen feet upward. How.!block on huge block in the hidden high the wall of ice could be or r

distance."what lay higher up, he could not The Utah High

Bob shuddered. The ice under even guess. School of Beauty

his feet began to tremble more Another tremor of apprehension still Culture a Bob. passed over He stoodviolently. abruptly shout a Then STREET 121 SOUTH MAIN All looking upward. was Floor 2nd topierced the far ahead, be moment, haze

that would over you Learn a professon make around andfollowed immediately by a second haze—wrapped life. rest for the of your his independent to tell on him. It was beginning for Catalog Write farshout behind.

This Mail Coupon icy, world; white, hazy nerves—this his to his cupped hands Bob this lost immediate world. and Name The mouth, and Spike answered ahead

silence; faroff the imminent rumAddress

! following guns. the withDan, Then bling, threatening. and City The his fearfully again,he pushed on complete M"'a nine earth's was was sinisterend—that it—this of months'fast course tattoo a beating Beauheart beneath Anil earth! the of the end Culture. V"&rf\ ribs. questionshis Fearful began |I provide can to room and board We 'I unto alway, with even you am if students out of at his brain. the town beatto What

ice broke up before old Spike could the end of the world,"Bob repeated be reached? What if, in the breakthe words.

ing up of this icy world, their Without knowing it, he clinched friendly berg should be swept away his hands; his head and shoulders

before they could get back aboard thrust forward and he moved on it? They would be left without even again, upward this time into the icy

a morsel of food. (Continued on page 390) Compliments

B,JOB was afraid—there

was no need in trying to make himWILL YOU WEAR THIS SUIT of self believe otherwise. He found and Make up to $12 in a Day!

in limb. I trembling everyhimself send this fine Let allwool you me tailored suit S. H. Kress & Co.

Just follow easy COST. plan and OF FREE my to catch to wait for urge DanThe suit the friends. show to your Make up to $12

up was strong within him. But [in a day easily. No experience—no canvassing 5-1025c Store

[necessary.

precious.minutes might be One of for Send OF COST

SWrite details. today forSamples—FREEFREE ACTUAL SAMold Spike. save mightthem

"surefire"and plans. getting money PLES

Breathing a silent prayer, he H. J. Collin, PROGRESSSend no moneyTAILORING CO.

lurched forward again through the Dept. F-12S 500 S. Throop St., Chicago, III.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

MOVING MOUNTAINS (Continued from page 389)

haze, clinging desperately to the And as he did so a movement small slippery ledges. some distance out along the icy

And as he climbed, always the precipice caught his eye. It was a

muffled shout of old Spike broke movement barely discernible in the the impending silence. And always mist, and there was no sound acthe eerie, echoing shout from Dan companying it, but by some miracle

it, as watchif a his cast had Exploring onfollowed.a narrow,Eachicy ledgetime longBob enoughpaused ofingfateandheguidinghad seenhand

to send a third hazewrapped shout eyes in that direction at the proper New Worlds out over the frozen Arctic wastes. moment. His hair seemed to rise

Old Spike's voice puzzled Bob. straight up on his head, and an icy

fear as cold as his surroundings of Thought The sound was coming from somewhere on the ridge above, but the gripped him.

is real adventure under such old engineer seemed to be as far He saw the mistly outline of a leaders as away as ever. The youth could huge polar bear turning from a

Dr. Victor Bohet, English find no explanation for this. He crouched position on the edge of

Dr. Hazel M. Cushing, pushed upward as fast as possible, the precipice. It came silently, alChild Psychology clinging to the icy side of the ridge, most ghostlike, along the edge of

Dr. Edward Davison, stepping from ledge to ledge. the gorge toward him.

Literary Criticism Dr. J. O. Ellsworth, Economics Suddenly Bob realized the need

R. C. Heidloff, Physical Education /\fter what seemed an for action. He sprang away from

J. C. Moffitt, Education hour or more, but which was in the edge of the crevasse and started

Dr. Henry Neuman, Ethics reality only a few minutes, he sudback up the slight rise to the top

Dr. L. John Nuttall, Jr., Education denly found himself peering over of the ridge, intending to make his

John Rheinhard, Dancing the edge of a huge icy gorge on top way back down the opposite side

E. L. Roberts, Physical Education of the great icemountain. Here the of the ridge again to meet Dan with

Dr. T. Lynn Smith, Sociology wind could be felt keenly, springing the guns. But the shadowy form of

Dr. Edwin D. Starbuck, up from the direction of the faroff the bear swung upward away from

Character Education roaring sound. The mist was clearthe gorge also, and Bob soon saw

ing slightly before the driving wind. that he could not climb as fast as

bear. the overtaken be He would for gradually ice slanted The Quarter Summer the top. before he reached of the top several feet from dozen First Term

drop. sheer a ridge, then the made his course changing he Quickly 24 June 15—July to close the edge crept down Bob angle, at a long continued upward Alpine Term cautiousprecipice the peered and frantically this and dodging way July 27—Aug. eight scant see could a over. 28 ofly He that, and humps and between around

yards down through the haze. The peaks of ice, hoping against hope to

Brigham Young University gorge was a seething rolling world lose his pursuer; to outwit somehow

PROVO, UTAH of misty whiteness. Intently he listhis wily creature of the iceworld.

tened for old Spike to shout again. But this king of the icy north had

He had but a minute to wait. trailed his quarry too many times

The old engineer's voice floated up to be fooled by dodging.

from somewhere down in the mistThe huge form always made the filled gorge at his feet. He undersame turns Bob did; always loomed

stood now, why old Spike's voice up again directly behind him and

J had seemed to come no nearer. Cup- a little bit closer. Bob could hear

ping his hands the youth sent an the scratch of the beast's paws on answering shout down through the the ice; the rasping of its breath. He

rolling haze. glanced back. The beast was LIFE'S ORIGIN reared on its hind legs not six feet

him with mouth open, ready WISH IF YOU for him.

that your loved ones grow up with clean Diesel—Aviation—Radiobehind

in right taught are the that they rewith forward Bob scrambled the of highest the wonder and hearts,way Television—AirCondition- first effort, flinging himself newed to advisable chastity, be of it wouldlife ideals

which hand a book at have in their minds'willthehelpsanctitycreate ing—Refrigeration this way, then that. His heart was and nourish

attaches those to fundamentals. which

Scharffs "Life's Horst Origin"by exceptionally book whichis anis Hastoday.wonderfulOur trainingfuture forin ambitiousabove coursesmen racingbreath madlycame inbeneathshort hisgasps.ribs; Hehis commendable

all desire success. to to will of help great outstanding proving who you an make the more, once glanced back dodged friend, of purity. the further cause A includes actual course Aviation

profit relative, will lost children, or you your his of a forepaw, dual mighty sweep Practical flying instruction. and Home this ideal book. from helpfooting skidding went and rates. courses. Special Write to low $1.00 prefor Study address It is mailed any

paid. Write to—Hill's Vocational Schools, division Hill lessly down toward the edge of the

Military Academy, Portland, Oregon. mistfilled gorge below. Box UTAH1664—SaltPUBLISHINGLake City,HOUSEUtah

( To be Continued.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1936

Twelve Out of Twelve Thousand aeggHS [Continued from page 359) The men who devote their time and ROYALGELATIN effort freely in teaching the Mutual llnsiuretaiitJ.ASPICSulci SMif

athletes do so because they enjoy the association of young men and like the game. Their compensation

has been the satisfaction derivedfrom seeing the league grow larger HERE'S A TIP each year and the calibre of ballcorrespondingly improved. FOR WARM WEATHER MEALS

Serve tempting, coollooking jelled soups and meats and moulded salads

SUMMARY OF RESULTS. 1935often during the hot weather. They're as easy to make as a simple

1936 M MEN ALLCHURCH gelatin dessert—with Royal Gelatin Aspic for Salads. Royal Aspic TOURNAMENT

for First Round is an unsweetened gelatin with a delicious meatlike flavor—ready

Ogden Eighth, 50; Twin Falls, 17. instant use. Directions in every package. Get a few packages today

Eighteenth, 32; St. Johns, 31. at your grocer's.

Santa Ana, 41; Milford, 43.

Elsinore, 38; Swan Lake, 22.

Manavu, 36: Cardston, 25.

Third, 43; Cokeville. 26.

Logan Seventh, 48; Marriott, 33.

Dimond, 39; Sunnyside, 23.

Second Round Championship Flight Logan Seventh, 32; Elsinore, 29. Ogden Eighth, 37; Manavu, 36. A LITTLE LIGHT

29. 45; Milford, Third, 24. A little light on your insurance will undoubt41; Dimond, Eighteenth,

edly reveal the fact that you are greatly underThird Round

Flight insured. Think what it would mean if fire Championship

Ogden Eighth, 42; Third, 19. destroyed your property.

Eighteenth, 39; Logan Seventh, 27.

Flight Consolation

28: Santa Ana, 26. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. Twin Falls,

Manavu, 46; Milford, 35. See our agent in your town

St. 49; Johns, Swan Lake, 36. HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City 27. Elsinore, 33; Dimond,

Final Round Championship Game Ogden Eighth, 35; Eighteenth, 33.

Consolation Flight

St. Johns, 53; Twin Falls, 21 (ConService

solation Title) Logan Seventh, 35; Third 28.

Manavu, 27; Dimond, 25. Above

chose The Deseref News the allAll follows: as honor teams Church

First Team Pos. SALT

Ross Overson, St. Johns Forward LAKE

Dick Benson, 18th......Forward

Earl Burton, Ogden 8th...Center

Fred Turnquist, Ogden 8th....Guard PROVO

Third McPheeters, Harry Guard * Pos. Second Team

Blaine Steele, Ogden 8th Forward OGDEN

Bill 18th Forward Vanderwerf, 7th Center # Broberg, Logan John

Roy Hull, Logan 7th Guard PRICE

S. Wangsgaard, Ogden 8th Guard

Honorable Mention: Sears, Santa NEPHI

Ana; Waite, St. Johns; Marquardson,

Manavu; Lovins, Twin Falls; B. Benton and R. Tucker, Eighteenth; PAYSON

Sparks, Ogden Eighth; Horton, Milford; Short, Dimond; H. Beckstead,

Swan Lake; Earl Maw, Eighteenth;

F. Scholes, Marriott; Morris. Logan DESERET MORTUARY CO. Elsinore. Seventh, and Johnson,

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY increase in rejections involving alcoholic excesses is 25 per

Melchizedek—the e's are all pronounced as in the word met; centSimilarsince testimonythe prerepealwas daysgivenof by193132.more than twenty other

the one i is pronounced as in the word it and this syllable prominent casualty companies, whose experiences plainly receives the accent. However, the i is in the second syllable confirm the growing peril of motor accidents and recognize

and not in the third. If you will say it slowly a few times the increasing part played by alcohol during the first twenty

until you give each letter its correct pronunciation, you can months of the relegalized liquor traffic.

thenBiography—regardlesssay it more rapidly andof whatstill beyoucorrect.may hear, the i has the records,Other companiesthe simple statereasonthat beingthis facttheiris notabsolutereflectedrefusalin theirto

same sound as in the word ice; the o as in the word from; the insure a person addicted to the use of intoxicants.

a as in the word ask (which is somewhat difficult for most of Harold J. Carlsen.

it. i in the it) the word as in careful the us with to say, so be y i 1 i it the say word, of part the; accent the placing og on Now medals are saved and because war has its generation correctly. distinctly and EACH away. are thrown accent the crutches receives the part of which word cou Coupon—the

is pronounced as if it were spelled koo with the oo pronounced i i i as in the word food.

'ARK! THEpeopleinferiorityhad it. complex would be a fine thing if the right

i i i the during noticed school elementary at an staff to our rush call sent a we evening recentiy the class bottom of ONE the at that lesson THEscriptureteacher a small boy LATE illustrate to drawing for a Smith, difficult. K. artist, Fielding questions too the seemed to be finding

"Now Jimmy,"she said, "I'll give you an easy question. "From the Diary of a Bishop's Wife"which appears elseWhat do you know about the Ark?"where in this issue. We wanted it the next morning, and,

"Please, mum,"answered Jimmy, after a moment's thought, despite the lateness of the hour, were promised that we should "it's what the 'erald angels sings."TidBits. have it. The service, which was better than we expected,

quality of the the as nearly not so much astonished -f us—but i f evidence for such reproducing below are which product, we three had and lady a hundred other aged a day THE his monthly fails Until receive artist to our as need when we may she explains automobile. That seen never an why is stipend.

aged a hundred and three.

NO CALORIES THERE

liline on to pointed a restaurant, a highbrow sat down at ring "Brii waiter: me said to the HE the card, and French menu

some of that."

"Sorry sir,"answered the waiter, "but the orchestra is a "f itplaying that."

AN ARGUMENT AGAINST LIQUOR Phoenix, Arizona February 14, 1936.

Editor of Your Page and Ours:

Please give space in your columns for this report.

Leading casualty insurance executives, replying to inquiry from the research bureau at Evanston, Illinois, accord significant testimony as to the increasing evidence of beverage alcohol as a cause in accidents and casualties. I quote from

some of their replies:

"Our company was flooded with an avalanche of accident reports, involving many deaths, in numbers far exceeding previous years. In analyzing the causes we found an abnormal

percentage caused by overindulgence in alcoholic beverages by automobile drivers young and old. I regret the greatest

enemy to the safety of highway traffic to be the automobile strong or other in the drives while glow of cocktails driver who and leioiNc K $u\tTrr Surety president, Standard Morris, drinks."G. Frank

Casualty Co., of New York City.

From the reply of C. W. Fellows, president, Associated

Insurance Companies, San Francisco, California, comes this report "At this writing, a comparison of loss costs under bodily injury policies and property damage policies issued in 1934 and those issued in 1933 shows an increase of over 20 per cent.

We are convinced that the principal factor in this startling SELFCONFESSED SINNERS increase is the result of wider use of alcoholic beverages by especially drivers, automobile young people. by

restricted policy for the total Thecoatcoloredtails, ministerand lookedstoodausterelyand lockedoverhishisfingerscongregation.under his introduced a "We recently

abstainers with a discount of 20 per cent from standard rates, Some of them shifted uneasily, for they recognized the bein recognition of the known fact that such drivers are preferred ginnings of a sermon on some common weakness.

risks for automobile insurance. Our studies convince us that "The subject of the sermon this evening,"he began, "is

this is justified."'Liars'How many of you has read the 69th chapter of

Wayne C. Kilbourne of the Northwestern Life Insurance Matthew?"

Company of Minneaoplis, Minnesota, writes: "Indulgence in Nearly all hands in the congregation went up.

alcohol shows an increase of 149 per cent as a cause of unin- "There you are!"he exclaimed, slapping his open palm

surability among men and women under 30 years of age, down on the open Bible. "You is just de folks I want to

according to the experience of this company. For all ages the preach about. There ain't no 69th Chapter of Matthew!"

With another Glorious Summer Ahead Plan now to see more of the UNUSUAL ATTRACTIONS in Utah and Idaho

Zion Canyon's Great White Throne few of the betterknown attractowering twice as high as New tions in this intermountain wonYork's famous Empire State derland!

Building, tallest manmade strucmore, a hundred many These—and ture thundering on earth—Idaho's all of of them unfamiliar, them

Falls, 52 feet Shoshone higher described in "Travel travel than Niagara—Bryce Canyon's unique—areHints", the unusual guide

flaming brilliance—Yellowstone's

amazing This geysers—these are just a worthwhiledesigned totripshelptoyounearbyplan pointsmore

illustrated interest. of Get isbooklet a copy—and

the forfree this the glorious most make any atasking

Pep 88—Vico motoring season you've ever had!

station

UTAH OILHundreds of ServiceREFININGStations and Dealers in Utah andCOMPANYIdaho

Distributors of Atlas Tires, Batteries, Accessories—and Stanolind Products

Just To

Remind You Before hot weather comes, now is the time to equip your home ELECTRICALLY AN ELECTRIC RANGE—for dinners on hot

days.

SMALL TABLE APPLIANCES—when you

want tasty foods in a hurry.

A REFRIGERATOR—to keep food fresh and

wholesome.

Come into our local store and ask about easy terms, and low, stepdown rates.

Utah Power & Light Co.

vtf

kfil H RIN &$J.:..'%1

'.:.:.'- |H|R

SPRINGTIME OF LIFE—the logical time to plant seeds for your future

PROSPERITY bmS&i INDEPENDENCE THROUGH LIFE INSURANCE URE INLIFE BENEFICIAL GUARANTEES AFE has demonSURANCE Immediate An Estate Cash ATISFACTORY strated beyond doubt Definite for Protection Your Loved Ones t**v AVING it is that the Provision for Your Old Age YSTEM

tanuMtat

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE

BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY.

Join the many thousands of satisfied policyholders who have been receiving dividends each year

The Beneficial is one company offering

Participating Insurance at low NonParticipating Rates

SALT LAKE UTAH A M

'W IM1IHEBER J. GRANT. President GEO. J. CANNON, Executive Vice Pres.