.

IMPROVEMENT

Am

&M.

..-'!

i

NOVEMBER 1950 Cooking is so much, easier

with a new

automatic gas range

- 'M-'

OIZZLING, chartype steaks perfectly And something else you'll like; autothe pure, live flame of matic Gas cooking requires no watching V cooked under

a smokeless Gas broiler! Beautiful or waiting so you save valuable time

featherlight cakes evenly browned in an—long aircirculated, kingsize Gas oven! Burnfor other things. It's thrifty too

ers that give triggerfast cooking heat on economy. When you go "range

from slow simmer to rolling boil. Instant shopping"check these advantages firstautomatic lighting without matches. hand, and let your Gas appliance

And whole dinners ovencooked by dealer show how easy it is to own clock control. These are features the

new automatic Gas ranges have... a brandnew, handsome Gas range

plus many more. right now.

SEE YOUR GAS APPLIANCE DEALER,

PLUMBER, CONTRACTOR OR MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY V

EXPLORING tV/f/UfaiP

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

In two seconds, at your grocer's, you can have nrHE amount of water required for a cookies that would take you -*- plant to build a pound of dry matter differs with varieties of the an hour to mix and bake.

same plant. In one study one type of

alfalfa required 963 pounds of water And you'll save money, too.

to build matter, a of dry pound anFor delicious TOWN variety 651other only pounds. One

of millet needed 444 pounds, another HOUSE Chocolate Drop

Cookies cost you much ti RISE of six inches in the water table ** of the Tennessee Valley would less than you could make mean an additional 'storage in the ground of four times the water which them for at home.*

the Norris Reservoir holds. So—why bake?

ti weed killer, "animate,"which is "** nonpoisonous to humans, is being used to destroy poison ivy. It can *Cellophanewrapped earalso be used to kill brush and unwanted tons average 34 TOWN

trees. Crops and grass cover can HOUSE cookies apiece.

soon grow again since soil fertility in That makes the cost per sprayed areas is only affected for one dozen very low indeed.

season.

nr*HE second largest meteorite crater * in the world was discovered in 1947 at Wolf Creek in the Kimberly

District of Western Australia. The

crater is 2800 feet in diameter, maximum depth 170 feet, and ninety feet of broken rock form the elevated rim.

Its geological age is estimated to be in the Pleistocene or Recent.

OF LAUGHTER

By Jane H. Merchant

to tell all me, laughter is not for I struggled,No Ofneedlife; have hungered, wept

Alone, with none to heed my frantic call,

Through blackest nights when even the white stars slept, And there were only agony and I

Lost in a black abyss of disaster.

There was no laughter then; only the cry

Of a torn heart denying death its master.

No, laughter is not all. But I have learned

That those who live entirely are those who share Exultant, freeing laughter, fairly earned

Through victories over tempests and deWhospair.cannot laugh can neither love nor

Whopray;. day. cannot laugh dare not confront the PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY SALT LAKE - PHOENIX

NOVEMBER 1950 '857 KEEPSAKE PLATE of HILL CUMORAH AMERICAN MILITARY POLICY

"HPo be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preBy DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

serving peace,"declared Joseph

Smith's Views on American policy in Head of Political Science Department, 1844. 1 At the same time, he declared University of Utah

to all the world: "let us be brethren,

let us be one great family, and let there be a universal peace."2 so provide, under the Constitution. If

supermillion ten tanks and million five in huforce of organized role The can Congress needed, are guns bazooka for eventuaffairs, to prepared be man technithe funds, and the authorize is perhaps alities peace, to pursue but eo e>rs e*s e*s exs&o e*aeo05s*a e*#- disposition. their to see can cal experts insocial problem single greatest the

are to be raised, who the men <9br But how | GUtouu It is the soexistence. in man's

G*3 Qkt tf*3 C*3 CX3 QXt> QXb QXh CS S*3 OS I volved and bazookas, tanks, the to man in are of the issue presented cial archtype forcethe of fulfilment depicting exclusive in design scenes the An B-50's organizathe councils before great the of early History around Church Palmyra, tremendous of is question a dilemma fine Y., quality N. earthenware. on A following this planet. of tion The 10"distinctive -with plate type dinner of of individuals, lives import. The with presented therefore are brief of of the story Restoration thoughts the Gosissue. at are nations, the of families, pel written the on back. albeit great with emhumility, great

society. political is of nature the Inspirational as visual aid and An phasis.

collector's item, cherished worthy that a large is argument It beyond in this generation fate world's The of in L.D.S. place a every home. with establishment, military American conDecisions in balance. the hangs Colonial Blue, Sepia COLORS:

its components, of deployment wide miliof American nature the or cerning (brown), Green.

PRICE: $2.00 each including posttary strength are being is required. In 1916,

insurance in the age and at forces the perceiving deterare U.S. made. They for plate 25c extra hanger. Send U.S. Smoot, work, Reed in the influences mining

from Utah, deSenator living, of all now GIFT THE SHOP lives CUMORAH clared: live and those may who

Prop. GENEVIEVE M. MORGAN,

Canandaigua Road in the next century, unPalmyra, New York der whatever conditions. >\\yw The road to war is unIt is important that we preparedness. Failure to

our defend to prepared inbe act think hard and PRACTICAL independour liberties and all in us, of telligently, these matters. ence is a direct invitation

* * * to any halfcrazed war lord or any nation jealous of our prosperity to pick a quarQuestions of the moment cannot rel with us and then attack us.

HOW TO DESIGN AND MAKE THEM AT HOME be dealt with. Whether the National

that Beautify your Save fun—home Money—Have grave doubts has column This reor unorganized organized—Guard,

Here is everything you beautiful to need to know make is preparedness by to achieve the of conscripts way of or rugs discarded hooked worn out large numbers serves, or and other garments woolen of materials. friends family admiration Win and conscription universal permanent is action into a the called presently hooking heirloom by rugs of dollars worth at are hundreds—

: States. in a the United cost of do, to pennies! Its practically fun and now made of manpower concern. of The only immediate matter

easy help of the this with practical book. new

of pattern the involve questions graver Clear, destep-bystep instructions to show you how its sign interesting to select cut patterns rug mahow nature of strength the and—future

terial colors to suitable chose to dye how how——and this time at is being There problem, latter half the of use. The fabrics color blendings for to contrasts hook and how—

flower patterns scroll to leaf a how hook and "Unithe for—the—its demand canuse,""the of nature namely, UMT—forrevived

to plan how proper borders backgrounds rug and how—rug all of AmeriTraining"Military versal questions to clean with. this dealt rugs Future hooked hobby to and turn how mend not be—

into pastime. a moneymaking superunder military youth, can male that will determine the moment

on every expert's aspect of rugof get advice You an the following immediately at or vision, it is significant, vital, But it is hooking, problem. details right smallest to 'as strengthensuch down

ing of the the edge, back binding, hemming width This birthday. eighteenth at the arrival it is that everyone imperative, strips and all loops various rugs, height, to get the type how same

lest carefully examined policy be must etc. errors, to Detail correct drawings photoand military forhow the future consider pattern of

illustrate of every type graphs simple hooked rug from a decision, people make the American de- "future"is meant strength. what By to stairor or rug elaborate runner roomsize doormat

carpet. not reof tension, in which will a time read the time velops between

FREE FIVE FOR EXAMINE DAYS discussion, criticism, ceive adequate five Don't of now. Just penny a mail to send coupon get a period, your say and thisyears—andis

of "Practical for Hooked Rugs"copy FREE 5 DAYS attention. and situof that the type assuming Korean for yourself See TRIAL. profit pleasure how much and

you can derive from this fascination continues, sporadically, but withExperience shows that conscription ating, either helpful book. Then in out general, universal catastrophe. in time of actual war may be necesprice of remit the low $2.95

full payment, the or return book to of history, record sary. But the in determinquestion ultimate The nothing. Mail coupon and owe

that equivocation without shows for freetrial below your of size, date, pattern copy ing is not one the future now. shape, disposition of strength between permanent universal military training,

TRIAL =-"FREE to deterrent policy, is a as a national or forces; air, naval, COUPON——! the or ground FILL IN MAIL TODAY AND

social happiand peacetime economy submarines, B-50 schnorkel Inc., whether PrenticeHall, Dept. M-IE1150

Fifth 11, N.Y. York Avenue, 70 New selfgovernment and to ness, a threat prevail. tanks or Sherman please send for 5 obligation, DAYS'bombers, Without me

if its destroyer, not and of "Practical a Hooked copy EXAMINATION, FREE at the democracy, solved All these questions can be five days, Rex. of the end At by Stella Rugs,"Hay in level of congressional action and techdoes not win ivars when they come. I plus postage, cents remit will either few $2.95

full or I will send the book back to you to a payment, convenience be a may If fifteen nical decision. million men UMT

nothing. and owe officer or a military corps permanent needed, can Congress arms are under

Name it quasimilitary bureaucracy. or But

Address or politito be a social Smith: ProphetStatesman, p. 144. has not proved 'See Joseph & State.

861 ) Vbid.. {Continued on page pp. 166167.L City

858 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HEATERS PATENTS PENDING Circulate25% more warm air and sare the heat formerly lost through rents and walls

Pleasant Heating Comfort uniform throughout the Home.

No more Hot Walls or Cool Floors.

Clean, quiet, faster Heating.

Exceptionally Economical.

Now—a pleasant new experience in true heating comfort for you! New Holly NarroWalls

produce increased circulation of warm air, distribute heat evenly throughout your home, banish sweaty windows, streaky walls. Beautiful panels always cool to the touch—protect

furniture and guard little hands. Holly NarroWalls fit snug to the wall, blend with any

decorating scheme, require no floor space or utility room. Easy to install, cost less to buy,

less to operate. Choose Holly NarroWalls—for

the latest in safe, economical, efficient heating.

Safe! The new Holly NarroWati Models NS and ND are

AGA tested and approved under latest 1950 centra heating requirements for use with Natural, Manufactured or LP. Gas.

NOVEMBER 1950 859 LJffirial L/ryan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

*Jha Church of

rfe&uA Christ

of <=JLatteraai} Jainfo r*J rJ r VOLUME 53 NUMBER 11 r-> r/ot/ember 1950

A. WIDTSOE - JOHN SMITH Editors: GEORGE ALBERT RICHARD L. EVANS THE COVER L. GREEN Editor: DOYLE Managing

C. JOSEPHSON Editor: MARBA Managing Associate

L. cover ALBERT this month's for - Research J. photograph MOFFITT The Editor: ELIZABETH Manuscript

- SHEPHERDEditor. Editor: BURL Family""Today's Nashville, JR Cantrell, ZOBELL, of Leon is the work

- DURHAM G HOME* BENNETT Editors: ARCHIBALD Contributing Tennessee. - A. PALMER LEE - NIBLEY JR. S. HUGHF. HARRIS, FRANKLIN

- SPERRY B. SIDNEY B. PETERSEN CLAUDE

- BERTHA Manager: Associate R. CURTIS ELBERT Manager: General

F. SCOTTS REEDER - Director: VERL Advertising D. GILES Manager: Business JOHN

CONFERENCE ISSUE

The October Conference addresses of the General Authorities, which in past years have appeared in the November

The Editor's Page Improvement Era, will be published in the December issue this year. This will

For Law and Liberty—and Salvation George Albert Smith 869 make possible the issuing of both the

November and December numbers on schedule, and at the same time place the

Church Features conferencereaders at approximatelymaterial in the thehandssameof timeour

Evidences and Reconciliations: CXLVIH—Who are the Children as heretofore.

of Alvaham? John A* Widtsoe 870

President nd Acting President of the Council of the Twelve 872 Josephson C..Marba OFFICES BUSINESS EDITORIAL AND 873 Kimball.Spencer of the Lord Apostle W. an Stapley, Delbert Leon Street Main North 50 879 Doxey Prophecy Roy of W. of Mormon Fulfilment a Book St. Modern Main North 50 Offices,

Jr. Zobell, L. Albert Religion of Institutes St. in Church Main Progress 40 North Offices, 882 Y.M.M.I.A.Y.W.M.I.A.

Revelation - James L. Barker 886 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Three Appointees to the Y.W. NoLiquor-Tobacco Column...915 Copyright 1950 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaImprovement Mutual Men's Young of the 862 Board General M.I.A. Page Presiding Bishopric's of Christ Jesus of the Church of 916 tionAssociation 864 Moves Church On Subreserved. rights All Saints. Latterday 934 Missionaries....914 September foreign Priesthood in advance; Melchizedek $2.50 a year, price, scription

subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, for mailing Acceptance Special Features matter. secondclass as

section in for provided postage of rate special at 2, July authorized 1917, of October Act 1103, Wendell J. Ashton 875 Writing High 1918.

876 Hinckley S. Bryant for unresponsible not Era Improvement Years The After Ten

contributions. welcomes butis manuscripts, solicited 889 Martineau Joel H. Settled Oaxaca Colonia

by sufficient accompanied be must manuscripts All Square from Temple Word The Spoken return. delivery for and oostage 932 908, 928, 904, L. Evans Richard

of Address Change...896 Candlelight by Dinner Franklin Universe, the Exploring of adtor required change notice days'Fifteen 898 Feasting for Foods 857 Harris, S. Jr include please change, a ordering dress. When

Beauty, for Mind Your Blueprint magazine. the of recent Military slip a from address American Times, These

old the unless issuemade be cannot 902 changes Address.858 Manners Policy, Durham G. Homer

is included. the as one well new as address 906 Games Harvesttime 866 the Bookrack On

Today's Family..Burl Shepherd Your Page and Ours -936

National Advertising Representatives

Stories, Poetry EDWARD S. RussTOWNSENDBuilding COMPANY

The Vital Things Carol Read Flake 881 SanHENRYFrancisco,G. ESCHEN,California

COMPANY S. TOWNSEND

Blvd. V/ilshire 1324 Mrs. Kirby's Kind Blanche Huddleston 883 EDWARD

17, California Angeles Los What, No Cone? Carleton A, Scheinert 884 HARRY V. LYTLE

Of Laughter, Jane H. Merchant....857 letta Chaffee 871 332 ChicagoSouth Michigon4, IllinoisAve.

-.880 Miller ASSOCIATES Solo, Alma Bird SANGSTON SADLER AND TriumFrontispiece, Seed Thy

Ave. Madison 342 Snow, Gudrun by Renovation Wangsgaard..867 phant, Eva Willes Y. 17, N. York New - 888 - 868 Wight Poetry Page

Small Boy in Winter, Eleanor AlValues, Inez Sheldon Tyler 904

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

860 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

These Times

(Continued form page 858) Special Team Prices to M-Men and Scouts cal asset in terms of the kind of social objectives the American people favor.

This much should be clear, from the record, to every person. Introduced in

early modern times in France, Germany adopted it and carried it further, perhaps, than any other modern nation.

England, whose civil liberty, prosperity, and world preeminence far overshadowed any of her contemporaries in the past two centuries, rejected

UMT. The depletion of British coal

mines and development of new nations with greater natural resources, not lack of military strength relative to her position, explains any decline in the world position of Britain. Those who

have heard Sir Gladwyn Jebb represent the United Kingdom on the Security Council know and understand that the British political mind has lostnone of its power. TOPNOTCH

The American people, in any debate over universal military service, shouldnot be misled by any argument that it EQUIPMENT will be under "civilian control."The

present draft statute utilizes this doctrine, something like the upsidedown Give yourself the adoflanguage Orwell's NineteenEighty thing to is that the vantage of the best rememberThe present army, navy, and air force are equipment at excellent also under "civilian control"—that of

the President, Congress, and civilian savings! Visit ZCMI

secretaries. Nor should the "public"Contract Sporting

swallow without discussion the argument that UMT will emphasize "trainGoods Department.

ing"rather than "military service."If

training under civilian control is really desired, training of mind, body, and spirit under historicallydemonstrated and proved conditions, then the AmeriBasketball Uniforms can nation might reconsider its investwith heavy satin pants, in public fields, schools, playingment libraries,churches, parks, colleges, unirayon jerseys. White,

versities, and laboratories. Here is royal blue, gold, scarlet,

where the training of a "trained citired or kelly green.

zenry"can actually be achieved, in harmony with the development of exComplete 3.50

isting knowledge, and not cramped nor Lettering extra confined to the level of any official outlook which may prevail from time to time in the hurlyburly of official life.

Freedom is power. Spalding LastBuilt

of "disciplined Basketball training,"But what SPORTING GOODS ZCMI CONTRACT it will be asked? a "soft"can How No. 104 21.00 Floor Street

likedemocratic nation ourselves be prepared? Wellington defeated the No. 108 19.50

conscripts of Napoleon and declared that the issue was determined, not at

Waterloo, but on the playing fields of Spalding Basketball

Eton. Pershing and Eisenhower defeated the enemies of 1918 and 1945 Shoes - - 5.90

the conscripts of Germany and Japan.

And it may be said that the issue was determined at East High School,

Princeton University, and the laboratories of Caltech and M.I.T.—before

the essential (it must be admitted) ( Continued on page 93 1 NOVEMBER 1950 861 THREE APPOINTEES TO THE Y.W.M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD

counselor as well as president in a ward Mutual, president of the Hillside Stake Gleaners, and stake activity counselor.

In June Conference, 1950, Sister

KATHRYN Howe served on the general committee

FAIRBANKS for the Golden Gleaner banquet.

She is assistant office manager at

Less Taylor Motor Company of Salt

Lake City.

Sister Howe has been assigned to the Bee Hive committee of the general board.

"LV"athryn Fairbanks, daughter of the

Lynn R. Fairbanks, has been active in Church work from her early

girlhood, as would be expected of a daughter of parents whose devotion to the Church is wellknown. At the

time of her call to the general board, PROTECTION she was teaching the missionary class in Sunday School in her own ward, EDITH serving as organist of the ward, and FUNK also as music director on the stake SHEPHERD board of the Y.W.M.I.A.

ALUMINUM COMBINATION DOORS At the University of Utah, where

Alumatic aluminum doors are a she was graduated with a major in permanent improvement! Screen music in 1947, she was active in the

or storm panels quickly slip into Lambda Delta Sigma Church organiza- a strong aluminum frame that tion, over a chapter of which she was never needs repairs! president. She also was the organist

for the Institute of Religion while she Judith Funk Shepherd, daughter of was on the university campus. She the late J. W. Funk and Mrs. Funk,

completed the work for the stake was graduated from Utah State Agrioperetta, "The Mocking Bird,"after cultural College, where her scholarALUMINUM her call to the general board. ship permitted her to be inducted into

fraCOMBINATION scholastic national Phi, Phi Kappa Conference Golden At the June STORM AND Alpha Phi, ternity, as well as Theta Fairin 1949, Sister Gleaner banquet SCREEN WINDOWS save fuel by insula* banks was general chairman. national dramatic fraternity. Following

entire wining the Sister taught Shepherd graduation, field professional she is a her In her opening] dow Salt in Paris, Idaho, before coming to service representative of the Mountain

City to teach in Granite High * Guaranteed by 'FHA terms States Telephone and Telegraph ComLake Good Housekeeping School.

City. pany in Salt Lake

She has been assigned to the music In August 1937 she was married to

For Complete Information committee of the general board. Charles R. Shepherd in the Salt Lake

CALL or WRITE Temple. In Afton, Wyoming, where

they moved following their marriage,

Elder Shepherd was principal of the seminary in which Sister Shepherd also taught classes. At this time she

served as a member of the Star Valley 1349 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah Stake board. Sister Shepherd moved

Phone 8-0511 with her husband to Hyrum, Utah,

ALUE where they remained for a year before taught to Salt She moving Lake City.

INSULATIONS, INC. HOWE

at of the University and English Utah South Main 1349

Salt Lake City, Utah is now a high school teacher of Eng

Please send complete information on Alumalish.

tic Combination Doors and Windows.

Sister Shepherd has been in the stake

NAME presidency of Mutual and was stake

ADDRESS president for the past several years, a position which she held at the time of

A ixie Howe, daughter of the Charles her appointment to the general board.

F. Howes, has had wide experience She will serve on the Bee Hive comin the Mutual. She has been activity mittee.—M. C. J.

862 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Why The jmtlih)'RwdiMj Club Offers To New Members

OF THESE FINE BOOKS $ (Value up to $13.20) FOR ONLY

YES,wonderfulyou arebooksinvitedshownto accepton thisanypagethreeforofonlythe $1.89, with membership in the Family Reading

Club. Founded to select and distribute books

which are worthwhile, interesting and entertaining without being objectionable in any way, the Family Reading Club is just what you have been looking for! Read, below, how the Club operates.

Then mail the coupon to join the Club and get the three books you want, without delay!

De Luxe Edition Funk & Wagnalls

THE GREATEST COLLEGE STANDARD STORY EVER TOLD DICTIONARY Oursler Fulton By basically differThe in years guide tellent wordfirst faithful reverent, A en-! over 145,000 Contains of story sublime of the ing

measpages; tries, 1,420 bringing and Jesus, Him

in size and ures "x9 lives 1/ /4"were whose those 6 1/2 printed is on beautifully excitHis with entwined for the fine paper. must A to close ingly ypu. book A

! library permanent home will cherish. family your

$5. 'SO. edition, Publisher's edition, $3.95. Luxe De

SWIFTWATER AMERICA COOKS Paul Annixter By By The Browns

Contains over 1600 reci- A captivating story of the the a father pes—

their states of the 48 finest—of fromeach northand hiswoods:—ofson, and

mouthwatering oldfash- lonely struggle to estabioned favorites to uplish a sanctuary for wild tothe-minute the taste sengeese. wonder Here is

sations! Crystalclear of great rhe and magic

directions make it imposoutdoors, dramatically and sible to go wrong. Pubbeautifully told. Publishlisher's edition, $2.49. er's edition, $2.50.

THE EDGE OF TIME THE HORNS OF By Loula Grace Erdman CAPRICORN

A full and gentle story By Helen Topping Miller of a woman who was "secAgainst a North Carolina ondchoice"bride of a background at the turn of handsome young farmer the century, moves this and how she faced a marstory of two who should riage in which she could not have fallen in love of others believe. completely not By -—but

loved, did—andhave Years the who should author of "The

of the Locust."Pubbut didn't! Publisher's

lisher's edition, #3.00. edition, $3.00.

STORIES OF THE ENDURING HILLS THE GREAT OPERAS By Janice Holt Giles

Cross inspiring srory By Milton of a The aria, all southern evety - Kentucky farm Contains the action, the complete boy and his struggle to stories of 72 of the world's "break away"from the bestloved operas. 627 humdrum existence that

fascinating, factfilled had been his family's lot pages offer many years of for generations. A story

richly -rewarding study. that offers stimulation and

Sturdily bound. Publishenjoyment to the reader.

er's edition, $3.75. Publisher's edition, $3.00.

ROOM FOR ONE MORE STILLMEADOW By Anna Perrott Rose SEASONS A true story by a wise and By Gladys Taber hergentle book by the new author A of and self, herwoman—abouthusband, "Especially Father."

Here is an invitation to children—andopened their companionship and friendtheirhow threethey

and their chance to spend home three waifs year with the who hadhearrsneverto ship—aan entire

before known the joy of a author ar her delightful family circle. Publisher's old home in Connecticut,

edition, $2.75. Publishers edition, $3-00.

I MAIL COUPON NOW/ OFFER! THIS SENSATIONAL MAKE WE

Books this Club makes Reading Free Family "Bonus"TheWHY distributes a > Club offer to demonstrate Readingunusual Family how memThe THE THREE CHECK WANT'BOOKS YOU four Club for free each the best inbership the Club you Book "Bonus"IN WITH.FAMILY CLUB READING MEMBERSHIP THE will books at These enjoyable take. books selections youand most newbrings much FAMILY Dept. of excelREADING editions! standards CLUB, publishers'retail 11ER the the high Club than meet

writing invited superior and publishers to are interest, MINEOLA, Story GreatestlessEach The month YORK NEW M will believe they thesubmit meet can subject you matter—and books lence,wholesome Please send I at Ever ed. Tolddeluxe the once three me books checked have

this library standards. atFamily fine way Reading Club Our a home up at right the as first Gift Membership Books and my

selects of the books purchase of Editors expense. then bookBoard extra The selection, buildno bill all and only delivery) (plus $1.89 for me College Standard New O $1.89 enthusiastically eachin- only toit forcan most the recommend Club three. from Also enroll as of a the Family member me ReadDictionary retail regular publishers'are books These everymembers. of which the stead ing Club and I send me, of each month, review the a

to of you $4.00—saves prices your can $2.50 family to of read—books 25%member Club's forthcoming I accept or selection—which may Cooks America dollars. the pleasure, be with read of remembered And when book your I reject as I 35% choose. are There or no dues membership

in, delight, figured discussed with retainedtoand of Books the and Bonus value fees—only the requirement that accept of a minimum Swiftwaterin library pride. isas with save actually home as much 50% I you four selections Club the during comingI twelve months,

Send You Join only Membership Money Means at Whatyour To No $1.89 each, plus—postage Now handling. and a As

is of will The Time Edge I for club in There charge in I If believe which no book a will membership you receive free member a Bonus with eaoh Book everythe instincts Family of the Reading finest cost Club to beyond four appeal the selections I Club accept.

of let I the themselves. introduce only Horns pay family, of books The us of your You member Mr. (plus$1.89 each postage handling) the Reading Club and to Family you NOW, Capricorn Mrs Ifor the after of books reading you purchase choice while your get can you ANY Miss print) (Please willthe review described book of the which to books wonderful your come Stories THREE of Complete Q I is and Street It No each month. necessaryhome Membership not to as your here—two FREE the Great Operaspurchase first selection every a book four Gift, as your one Club and month—only

Ieach to retain only year All $13.20—for as your as total membership. value high City Zone State Hills Enduring Theselections are just complete, couwell- the new,—a$1.89! mail money, G Send no

I Age,printed offer this wellbound. and your today. books unusual as And However, for Occupation More One Room if21 Under delivered be time, to door urge your the n be at any we withdrawn by ponmay price In I 105 Same Canada: Toronto Bond 2 to read!willpostman—ready to mail the coupon you NOW! Offer only in Seasons the Stillmeadow good U.S.A. andSt., Canada

FAMILY CLUB MINEOLA, READING YORK NEW J

NOVEMBER 1950 863 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

(Lvents A Jjaa 2Jo J-)aa Chronoioffif \Jf Ukurch

cated the chapel of the Grand Forks

August 1950 Branch, North Central States Mission. September 1950

Central of the West Albert George President Smith 1 Creation announced States Mission was Honolulu from party sailed -*- andIt: thePresidentFirst CouncilOscar A.of theKirkhamSeventyof t\"i

directed a fathers'and sons'outing for for the American mainland. by the First Presidency, from portions

the three Canadian stakes, Alberta, Frank Evans, secretary for finance of the Northwestern States, North

States and Western Central States, the First to Presidency and former near Lethbridge, Waterand Taylor,

It is that expected when president of the Eastern States Mismissions. threePark. The tori Lakes National

day program closed August 16. sion, died at the age of seventyseven. Elders Harold B. Lee and Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve

Years of Mor- "One Hundred "*) 9 tournamentThe annual beganallChurchat SaltsoftballLake theactivateOctoberthe conference,mission sometimethere willafterbe a historical in Hawaii,"16 monism pageant, had its opening performance City. more than ten thousand members rein the University of Hawaii outdoor siding in Montana, Wyoming, and

s\ Dakota. of South parts North and Albert Smith o President George theater, Performances Honolulu. were

of bishop "Broadbent, former Sylvester arrived in from Los Angeles nights. for several scheduled The

pageant was originally to begin August Hawaii. the Salt Lake City Thirtythird Ward,

15 but was canceled because of rain. Hawaiians and returned Hawaiian was selected as mission president.

Division 9 of the Church athletic missionaries began a twoday centenDivision 9 of the Church athletic program began its fourday softball nial celebration in Salt Lake City. program began its tennis tournament

playoff. Linda Vista Ward, San Diego, at Salt Lake City.

(California) Stake, won the allsin- the Sperry Rueckert O won softball tournament defeatby of the tennis "gles Dimatches In"Afor Churchpriesthoodrelationshipleaders, meetingY.M. ingChurchMatthews South Ward, AnLos

M.I.A. officers, and scouters was congeles (California) Stake, 9-5. Third vision 9 Church tennis tournament, and

ducted for thirtyfive stakes of the Salt place went to Wellsville First Ward, Maurice (Eddie) Anderson joined

Lake City area. Speakers included Hyrum (Utah) Stake; fourth, Garfield with Allen Cornwall to take the

Elder Mark E. Petersen of the CounWard, Oquirrh (Utah) Stake; fifth doubles matches.

cil of the Twelve, Bishop Joseph L. (consolation), Pocatello Tenth Ward,

of Wirthlin the Presiding Bishopric, HighHeights Pocatello Ward, sixth, (Idaho) Stake; West 3 Crystal Superintendent and General Elbert R. City) Stake, land (Salt Liberty Lake Liberty (Salt Ward, Lake

Curtis of the Y.M.M.I.A. Similar City) Stake; and Seventh, Enterprise formed from portions of Park Avenue

meetings were held August 24 at Ward, Uvada (UtahNevada) Stake. Ward, with Richard E. Jacobsen, bishOgden, and August 31 at Provo. Stratford Ward chapel, Hillside op.

(Salt Stake, City) virtually Lake was dedicatPresident David O. McKay

seminhundred than two -i A More fire. destroyed chapel by The was chapel, Central also ed the Tacoma Ward

*- "ary instructors of the Church bethe of the temporary Park home AveStake. Seattle (Washington)

their gan annual convention twoday nue Almost before the Ward. embers assistant G. Elder Romney, Marion in Salt City. Lake cooled, plans for formulated were dedicatthe of Council the the to Twelve, Laurelcrest Hillside (Salt Ward, rebuilding the chapel. of

chapel, Union the Pendleton ed Ward Stake, City) Lake the Division won % softball tournament at Salt Lake City. San Diego (California) Stake, (Oregon) Stake.

which became a stake outside the Many of the wards in the Church

O A Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Church welfare regions because of stressed genealogy in evening meeting

Council of the Twelve dedicated wartime travel difficulties several years with a program built around the parthe Vineyarc? Ward, Orem (Utah) ago, rejoined the southern California able of the tares. (Matthew 13:2430.)

Stake, chapel. region at appropriate service on the Gallup, New Mexico, Branch WestElder Marion G. Romney, assistant Perris, California. Church welfare ern States Mission, transferred to St.

to the Council of the Twelve, dedifarm. Johns (Arizona) Stake. DeWayne H.

cated the Whiterocks Ward, Uintah Banks sustained as branch president.

(Utah) Stake,: chapel. 27 Returnedfriends of Hawaiimissionariesconcluded theirand Laurelhurst Ward, Portland (OrePerris Branch, of San Bernardino created Stake from portions celebration twoday in Salt City gon) Lake

( California ) Stake, - organized Derald P. Heights Colonial with Ward. honoring the centennial of the foundJohn M. Brown as branch president. ing of that mission. Romney sustained as bishop.

June W. Black was sustained as

president of Deseret (Utah)'Stake, O Q President George Albert Smith C Church welfare assignments for with Jay F, Nelson and Verdell R. ""returned to Salt Lake City from the 1951 season began with a

Bishop as counselors. They succeed his Hawaii Mission centennial trip. meeting at Logan, Utah, for the Cache

President Harold JR. Morris and his Region. The 1951 budgets are a trifle

counselors M. Ward Moody and A Appointment of Wallace F. lower than they were in 1950.

Warren Henderson. Toronto to the Young Men's

President Levi Edgar Young of the Mutual Improvement Association genThe allChurch tennis tournaFirst Council of the Seventy dedieral board announced. 8 ment began in Salt Lake City.

864 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

vm Proved in

I:!S: II

I;

f games a yean

F/RST il in performance.

FIRST in long playing life on every surface.

lis FIRST

in thrift.

FIRST. in 100,000 U.S. schools

and colleges.

FIRST in sporting goods m] stores.

II:

../. <r <r<<<r<r <r<

NEW YORK 10, CHICAGO 10, LOS ANGELES 11

U 11 CB2. wJB2 LB2 RB2 miSSI

1?':?:::?'ill

lii

NOVEMBER 1950 865 GUIDE TO WESTERN LIVING 4087 Hollister Ave. vJn the

Santa Barbara, California BOOKRACK

OF. SANTA BARBARA CAQeORNIAFree! CatalogHOW DID JOSEPH SMITH

Order by Mail the Easy Ranch House Way—Postage Paid Over 200 Gifts! TRANSLATE?

(50 pages. 35c)

BOWL You Don't HOLD! THE URIM AND THUMMIM

stir, free Sensapour! to hands now BOTH pages. 25c) (29 of result year's "griptite'suction base tional—mix,

grip in firm bowl Holds research (Both S. Reynolds, and pubArch by

valve! until release you vacuum as mix you by—Goodyear! lished Springville, him, Utah) by AnchorHocking, bowl by $3.95; ovenware With

stainless Vollrath with steel bowl, $5.95 postHPhese interesting pamphlets, wellgifts! Wonderful paid.

NOSPILL documented and organized, present

Baby Bowl!

Goodyear's amazmost of the available information on invention ing prethe subject of how Joseph Smith did vents baby's bowl from slipping, his translating, and the means that he tipping! sliding,

in his has employed work. Much that base "Griptite"

- Anchor consists this subject been written on Professional—and ovenware Hocking

KNIFE SET nursery bowl, of personal opinions. While it is well-

$1.95. complete Famous Steerhead that helps as Smith had known Joseph

high cutSend lery the used seerstone 75 the and and Urim Thum-—carbon for

chefs, years by Walkitself translation the process mim, of butchers! Now ing

prevailwe've—the has explained. not been That DOLL

ed on to maker Cirgift Prophet's it for the offer done by was home work cular!

for use FIRST FREE! is all really of and power God we Takes, TIME!

holds whizz of an know. These booklets, however, form

heatMailed edge—

treated, tempered FOR interesting and instructive reading.

blades. Rosewood YOU They contain timely warnings to those

handles. 4 pes. $2.95

$3.95. Sharpenwho would unravel mysteries not yet

ing hone, It $2.00. Chimes! a Little "Mary Had Lamb"

pull plays made clear to man. toy this musicon-wheels or Push—

Precichimes! principle percussion on tonetrue "SOUPEDUP"—J. A. W. brass musical craftsmen! sion tuned Genuine by Hot Rod $1.00

Overall Only length chimes! 27 inches. CI Runs! imbs!

a sensation. springs! has no motor. nowinding Yet Jumps! New L.D.S. $2.95! It's AN BOOK CHART

it! love red, Kids Bright rubber 7 (Milton Jones, Jenkins published by inches. you! mailtires—over for just Send SATISFY! $1.00 ITEM FOR TO EVERY GUARANTEED oversizeeach—wel'll

himself. 22 pages. 1950. $1.00.)

'"Phis summarized story of the gospel from preexistent days to the present should be helpful to all readers his memAN UNUSUAL NEW BOOK—the one who must refresh

By MILTON R. HUNTER and THOMAS STUART FERGUSON ory, to him who must run to read,

Completely filled with Evidences from and to the teacher who needs illustraArchaeology and 16th Century Mexican and Spanish Documents tive helps.

sustaining the The charts, which are mechanically

DIVINE AUTHENTICITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON welldone, are printed, sometimes in small script, in green ink on yellow 1. Beautifully illustrated. paper, which makes them difficult to

2. Contains over 50 maps, charts, and read.

pictures.—J. A. W.

3. Contains more than 400 pages.

documents 4. Spanish and Mexican TO apCEDAR CITY—GATEWAY fnctent in English for the first time pearing LAND RAINBOW fmer/ca in this book.

1950. and Larson. 54 pages. (Gustive O.

history Startling sustaining evidences Illustrated Jones.) by Merlyn THE BOOK 5. of Mormon. of Book and doctrine

portrait,"written 'T'his "community.. MORMON retraditions that Quetzalcoatl 6. Proofs intertourists, is the for type of ferred Christ. to Jesus

esting yet dignified advertising every 7. An excellent Christmas present. community needs. It is crammed full

missionaries book for all "MUST"8. A facts, of intriguing new many probably

those interested the Book of in and citizens. It is a welleven to Utah Mormon.

written, entertaining sketch from the

Order copies KOLOB BOOK COMPANY romantically fascinating West, past

P. immediately O. Box 1575 and present, good for all Americans

from: California Oakland,

to know.

Send me copies of ANCIENT AMERICA AND THE BOOK at $4.00 per copy.—J. A. W. OF MORMON

NAME THIS NATION UNDER GOD ADDRESS (Elbert D. Thomas, Harper & Bros.,

Cash Check Q Money Order New York. 1950. 210 pages. $2.75.)

npHis book by Utah's senior senator is presented under four parts:

(Concluded on page 910) 866 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THY SEED TRIUMPHANT

Dm Cua \J\Jliie5 \AJanasaaard w "ur Father, in this hour of greatest need All surface soils and tunnel deep in earth

Not only do we reap but also plant; That centuries hence our children may grow strong

And few among us recognize the seed Within its shade and far upon the climb

Whose growth becomes the tree of peace. O grant Toward godliness. And may its life be long

Our sowers wisdom that the seed they choose As its sequoian likeness measures time.

May grow like giant redwoods—broad of girth, Thy will, thy glory, when the tree is grown!

Cathedral tall, whose searching roots refuse Thy seed triumphant over city stone.

NOVEMBER 1950 867 -:00&SlSm

THANKSGIVING BY DECREE DAY'S END THEN COMES NOVEMBER

By Enna Nielsen James By Ora Pate Stewart By Nellie Burget Miller

... the skies change portend a the niggardly thanks! for Dull day How is latched; is fire the dying, door and hills patient The thought! in is forA done. Not day to hold silently knees up with My drawn brood quite—of all the year days of hours scant fewA hand my the evening against of small warmth noon thankfulness and voice our toIn which little patched be trousers pair must of This cold;

praise, latest his Custer General made spills stacks, Where the slither into maple Mice dearly so blessings once our viewTo stand. squirhaste; the reckless last with leaves bought.

fills rel dreamfor brave which this land gladCan Jesse with will ride James they Tomorrow cheeks, raucous crows distended grow and fought, ers for the Alamo. die Crockett with Or bold; freedom's fat pursuing grow menWhere flames the stitch, fading then coax take a fold insects plait with Intrepid cocoons ways, to glow. content rise embers were where ToI fold; creeks shallow wear silken on now its lays gratitudal press toPresume

frills ought of day? confines a the OrInto little light, for.. ask. not do more—a is to ice the sing time spangled of This prosperity, with gluttedIts people, fire to tend, friendly chair, a rocking to tales, tell write old to old songs, old AI self, of crumbs but to meagreReturn God sheets at soft to tuck between Someone friends, of calves devious to loaves offeringWhile night... ring hearth the a about magic to form gold? to something Lord always, always, And ascends cones burning of fragrancy while security of heritage ourThe mend. spring of bright another patterns to weave shelf the resting Is safe on only when

life's fringe scattered tangled out from and turn let their thanks that hearts neverOf ends.

cold. A GRACELESS THING

By Gene Romolo A TIMELESS TOKEN

FOR A TALL SPIRIT A N uncomely grub that lies By Georgia Moore Eberling

By Alma Robison Higbee ** Inactive through the winter's kours, A ll day we followed where the wagon rise chrysalis to dark From trains **. could you will not.. how know VT'ou as flowers lovely hued as drift, On wingsits painful crept long with ago had Of * ever know. that every aware day Makes me star goal a western Their the plains beyond

five long pie vision peach can you watchfully. wisely, When lived be Must through glowed beckoned That and months away, Lest beauty that is hid away, tattered rift a

That my feet must run where April's sweet My laggard eyes should fail to see. Of cloud. They beat a trail through grass

blow winds thing seem a graceless Today may sage, and must break a fragrant loveliness a-wing. my hands And Tomorrow, slept at night beneath the flaring They

peachbloom spray? stars,

their veering trusty weather The wind in grain of while you dream And gauge DAY shock THANKSGIVING sheaf, and of That sharp warned and frost, and snow blight killing the watch graveeyed, And By Bess Foster Smith ice spars frost, of still like cut sabers, yet could they That grief with nestlings tiny of think naked sing day Thanksgiving to nice have lost. was windflower early for every sigh AndI the for IT campfire, evening they Around saw Kate. Greataunt usual with As the peril the storm's black Beyond and cup, the painted dainty, mine furrow, a the from feet drank must know Your wing

plate. a Haviland spread feast hill, on was IMy storied that dream loomed without a A be blithe yours while spirit be must My flaw.

set, silver sterling the used tall, We along sweeps highway the path they The pride; heritage silent, and but family's I ways, mundane scorn your The went,

heart thankful it's a to still have easy O timeless token, their and monument. A denied. lift thing been has not a when reach and me strong arms Your When

I fall.

But I wondered, as I bowed my head, MOTHER NIGHT flood soul gratitude so much my Would

Christiansen P. Edith By lead, pewter, If were spoon my cup, my DOCTOR PIONEER

bowl? fare a crust in a wooden And my the twilight a mist purpling comes WITH HutchisonElizabeth A. By done; a curtain draw when To day is

call; final for in birds chorus The tips, finger in his was surgeons skill

falls. In spiraling the music cone

in those for his heart in A Compassion night enfolds the Like a mother the day, pain, it in mist, and tucks it away.. knowledge that would far Wraps And inner

eclipse The teachings that the doctor's books BLUE contain. understanding soothed the troubled By Dorothy J. Roberts His

mind, is tint see, not a we Dlue heart; the quieted pills potions and As *-'infinity. to lane our long But is rind, bitter hardship a that knew He

is lively shade than more Blue confidence fruits of firmfleshed When is laid; light thin of veneer Where depart.

is deep, fathomless Blue and in these lived here that were dramas From to for tincture heart keep. the A hills,

is to the Lord, the Peter walked wave aid, Blue sterile rooms and nurse's from Remote his the of with word. sandal Shod the soul learned; hours, he In crucial

stairs, is the carpet Blue on God's distils

Its darkest fear or brightest accolade..,.-. A color that the spirit wears.

near, life together hover death '-Religious News and When bread day our daily Service..."Photo WhatBlue is weall shallthe leaguesbe and betweenonce have been. "Give us this frontier. each determines of The hand God

868 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA H5iA y resident Cy<=eorye rtbert Smitn ss

For Law and Liberty—and Salvation

F there is any doubt in it; he will be found praying for those who your minds Jabout this being a blessed land make the laws under the Constitution. He

for all those in will heaven petition his Father live, an allpowerful in and that which you to adto time time from are chosen its that it destinies, directs who remember h and was the Lord himself who raised up wise men minister the laws that are calculated to conto give to us our Constitution—the greatest tinue unto us our liberty, that they may be

paladium of human rights that any people wise and just and exemplars to the people, have ever known. If anyone is doubtful as to the interest of J

From the Doctrine and Covenants I quote our Heavenly Father in the settlement of this the following: land, he should read in the first chapter of

And again I say unto you, those who have II Nephi in the Book of Mormon, where the been scattered by their enemies, it is my will Lord says that it had been his purpose to that they should continue to importune for rekeep America hidden from the other nations dress, and redemption, by the hands of those until he was ready to have it peopled. Read

who are placed as rulers and are in authority also from the Book of Mormon:

over you According to the laws and constitution of the And it came to pass that I looked and beheld people, which I have suffered to be established, many waters; and they divided the Gentiles

and should be maintained for the rights and from the seed of my brethren.

protection of all flesh, according to just and holy And it came to pass that the angel said unto principles; me: Behold the wrath of God is upon the seed

That every man may act in doctrine and prinof thy brethren.

ciple futurity, to pertaining the according to the I a beheld among man and looked And

I moral that given which agency him, have unto of the seed from separated Gentiles, was who for sins his every accountable be man may own I beheld waters; and the brethren many by my in the of judgment. day

it wrought and that of Spirit down came God, the it is right Therefore, not that should any man the forth many upon he went and the man; upon be another. to in bondage one

brethren, of the seed who unto waters, even my

I this for purpose established the have And land. in the promised were this land, Constitution of the of hands wise by I beheld the Spirit J men whom I raised up unto this very purpose, And it came to pass that

and redeemed the land by the shedding of blood. of God, that it wrought upon other Gentiles;

(Doctrine and Covenants, 101:7680.) and they went forth out of captivity, upon the

many waters.

There are those who would destroy the And it came to pass that I beheld many multiConstitution of this land, and there are those tudes of the Gentiles upon the land of promise;

who would rejoice if they could overthrow and I beheld the wrath of God, that it was upon this nation. No loyal member of this great the seed of my brethren; and they were scattered

Church will raise his voice before the Gentiles and were against the constitutional, I smitten.

law of the land, but he Concluded on following page) And I beheld the Spirit of will be found upholding the Lord, that it was upon

f,

NOVEMBER 1950 869 THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) Our feet have been planted upon served from that awful calamity.

the Gentiles, and they did prosper and this sacred soil for a wise promise. History has repeated itself many

obtain the land for their inheritance; This land has been dedicated for times-—children of God who have

and I beheld that they were white, and the blessing of mankind. The Confollowed his teachings have been

exceeding fair and beautiful, like unto stitution and the laws that have preserved, and those who have remy people before they were slain. been enacted under its provisions fused have gone into darkness and

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, are calculated to insure liberty, not have been destroyed.

beheld that the Gentiles who had gone license, and not slavery, to all who We read in the twentythird forth out of captivity did humble themdwell here. This Church with which chapter of Matthew that the Savior

selves before the Lord; and the power we are identified stands for the perforesaw the calamity that was comof the Lord was with them. petuation of the liberties of all maning upon his people and was greatAnd I beheld that their mother Genkind. ly distressed. He said:

tiles together gathered the were upon that thou Jerusalem, of O Jerusalem, you Upon men Israel—to also,waters, batland the to and upon killest stonest the prophets, them and the priesthood of the Holy whom

tle against them. thee, often sent are unto which how rests has been an One given—there I that of I beheld the And topower children God thy gathered would have obligation. the must serve Lord You them, also that the with andwas wrath gether, gathereth her as a even hen

It his keep and commandments. allof that those upon was were God chickens wings, her under and ye

gathered together against them to matters not what others may do, but would not! (Matt. 23:37.)

battle. for you there is only one course, and O that this great Church, with

And I, Nephi, beheld that the Genthat is to sustain the Constitution of power that has been given to it of tiles that had gone out of captivity this great land, and to sustain those God, might be able to disseminate were delivered by the power of God influences and powers, whatever the truth more rapidly and save the be, that of theout hands of all other nations. they may destruction. are calculated to nations from We are

13:1019.) uplift (I Nephi family. the human rapidly, growing as an organization,

It was the Lord who inspired There should go forth from this but I rejoice not so much in the inChristopher Columbus, "a man great Church an influence intended crease numerically as I do in the beamong the Gentiles,"and it was the to leaven the whole lump. We have lief that the influence that we radiLord who inspired that little band received knowledge and information ate is being felt for good, and that

of people who crossed the mighty that our Father's children elsewhere our Father's children are hearing ocean and landed at Plymouth Rock, know not of. We are in some rethe message of life and salvation,

because they desired to worship him spects in the position of Noah, who, without which they cannot dwell in according to the dictates of their in his day, went to and fro in the the presence of the Redeemer of own conscience. He watched over world, proclaiming the truth, calling mankind.

them and safeguarded their deall men to turn from the error of The Lord has watched over this scendants and those who followed their ways, warning them of the imland: He directed Columbus to

them to America, and in due time, pending judgments that would fall these shores: he led the Pilgrims

there came an opportunity to estabupon them if they failed to repent; here; he established the Constitulish liberty such as humankind had but, in due time, those who refused tion of the United States, and

not known before. The Lord raised to reform their lives and failed to through the Prophet Joseph Smith

up Washington, and with him that listen to that servant of the Lord restored the everlasting gospel to body of men who fought valiantly became absolutely unfit to inhabit bless the children of men. If they

to establish for us in this land a govthis earth; and they were overwill accept it and obey it, it will reernment for which surely we are all whelmed by the flood, while the sult in the salvation of the human

grateful. eight who were righteous were prefamily.

WHO ARE THE CHILDREN OF ABRAHAM?

Abraham, the son of Terah, lived Abraham was a chosen spirit, tjhe in city of the of Ur to destined the leader of a great be lA/idtdoe n -*> 1 u Chaldees. family of 9 The of the Lord. work comwas He OF THE COUNCIL OF THE turned had rightfromAbraham to into another land move TWELVE manded

eousness and had become idolato be shown him, where he might 2 tors. therefore, himAbraham free to earth be the of worship Lord

life his sought. and So intense wasself a follower of truth, God's that the at heavens. Lord and The it the idolators that the hatred of righteousnesspreached to but them time a blessing which gave Abraham the of intervention the only was by avail.without his insistence For

upon the worship of the only true Lord that he was saved from being has sounded through the centuries and Living God, he was persecuted offered up as 3a sacrifice to the idols and to which all Christians cling:

of the people. "And I will make of thee a great

'Genesis 11.31.

'-'Pearl of Great Price: Abraham 1:5-7. Ibid. 1:5-15. nation, and I will bless thee, and

870 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA make thy name great; and thou tion, and all the nations of the name is Jehovah, and I know the

shalt be a blessing: earth shall be blessed in him? end from the beginning; therefore

"And I will bless them that bless "For I know him, that he will my hand shall be over thee.

thee, and curse him that curseth command his children and his "And I will make of thee a great thee: and in thee shall all families household after him, and they shall nation, and I will bless thee above

of the earth be blessed."4 keep the way of the Lord, to do measure, and make thy name great

In obedience to God's command, justice and judgment; that the Lord among all nations, and thou shalt

Abraham, with believing members may bring upon Abraham 7that be a blessing unto thy seed after of his family, moved into the promwhich he hath spoken of him."thee, that in their hands they shall

ised land known to us as Palestine. bear this ministry and Priesthood

The story is best told in his own unto all nations;

words: "In the land of the Chal- "And I will bless them through

atdeans, the residence of my ces thythis name;Gospelforshallas manybe calledas receiveafterfather, I, Abraham, saw that it was

needful for me to obtain another AND thythy name,seed, andand shallshall beriseaccountedup andplace of residence;

"And, finding there was greater bless thee, as their father:""

happiness rest for and peace and Reconciliations ingThereof thiscanstatement.be no misunderstandAll who acme, for the I sought of blessings

the gospel cept adoption become bythe fathers, the right and whereCXLVIII of the family of Abraham. members I shouldunto to be ordained adminMoreover, there is in the opinion

ister the same; having been myself

of many, in this process of adoption, a follower of righteousness, desiring well that subtle in the all na- a promise change in him body as Thealso to be one who possessed great in the tions blessed, as a brought should be spirit which makesknowledge, and to be a greater perAbraham's work beyond that of son a true heir of the promises to follower of righteousness, and to flesh and blood relationships. It Abraham. This was the view alsopossess a greater knowledge, and

figure universal Smith, a in of in a the Prophet of him made Josephto be a father of many nations, a for all salvation of comforters. discourse the Lord's plan two on the

redesiring of peace,prince to and

It effect of the the earth. sent upon Holy Ghost upon "The who were

ceive instructions, to the keep and is that to of the out Gentile old the acceptance purge a seem would

I of God,commandments became the knowledge of the gospel, and blood, and make him actually ofa rightful heir, a High Priest, holdthe possession of the priesthood the seed of Abraham."10 This is

ing the right belonging to the which Abraham bore would make reflected in the patriarchal blessings fathers. all mankind heirs to the blessings of the Church which generally as- 8 sign nearly all persons to one or "It was conferred upon me from promised Abraham.

the fathers; it came down from the Modern revelation has confirmed the other of the tribes of Jacob,

fathers, from the beginning of time, this view and has cleared up the direct descendants of Abraham.

yea, even from the beginning, or true meaning of the phrase, "in thee This understanding of the prombefore the foundations of the earth and thy seed."In the Book of ise to Abraham places a heavy retime,to the present the right even translated from Egyptian Abraham, sponsibility the accept upon all who

first firstborn, theof the on man, the Smith, papyrus Joseph by folgospel. of children As Abraham,

is first father, our Adam,who is statement lowing made: "My they obligation are under to do the

through the fathers, unto me. Genesis 18:1719. works of Abraham. The waters

"I sSee sought for mine appointment carry the first chapters in the Pearl of Great of with the baptism them Abraham. theunto Priesthood to the Price: according part of the candipromise on the

appointment of God unto the date that he will conform his life fathers concerning the seed."'to the gospel of Jesus Christ, which

In this new and strange land, of course was the gospel given, acAbraham became a mighty prince. SMALL BOY IN WINTER cepted, and practised by Father

He received the higher priesthood By Eleanor Alletta Chaffee Abraham.

himself,from Melchizedek to whom question, oftasked The "Who 8 here. in winter, are f roses they bloom also paid "tithes."he is I the children of Abraham?"like in the are flowers twin shine cheeks His

After he was well settled, the snow. well answered in light of the repromise that the Lord had made WithinHis hearthis iseyesApril,the withblue oftheJunesuddenlies clear;glow vealed gospel.

to him was reiterated, especially on Of unexpected sunlight. On his hair All who accept God's plan for

scatters in the gold of summeran occasion when the Lord comThe light. his children on earth and who live like the smooth laughter brook runs His with him.muned the children it are of fair; Abraham. and

"And the Lord said, Shall I hide His eyebrows are a bird's wings curved Those who reject the gospel, flight. infrom Abraham that thing which I

as active as the wind that lifts whether children in the flesh, or He is do; Young leaves and makes soft music as it others, forfeit the promises made to

goes: "Seeing that Abraham shall sureAbraham and are not children of

his face the sun's pale silver sifts Across ly become a great and mighty naAs gently as the mist of twilight flows. Abraham.

"Genesis 12:2-3. He knows no season: Time has set him Abraham 2:?-10.

5Pearl of Great Price: Abraham 1:1-4. here, Joseph Fielding Smith, Teachings of the Prophet

"Doctrine and Covenants 84:1416; 27:10: 85:3. A bright perennial, protected, dear. Joseph Smith, p. 150.

NOVEMBFR 1950 871 RESIDENT anJ ACTING

In the professional field, PresiPRESIDENT dent McKay found a correlate for his Church activity, for he chose education as his life's work. He beof the

came a teacher in the Huntsville

PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY school and later became its principal. After his graduation from the LouncU ojr the Jwali

University of Utah in 1 897 he filled (f-SiA wlarba C-. srosephson a mission to the British Isles. It is

interesting to note that President

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR McKay played right end on the first

University of Utah football team.

WithGeorgethe deathF. Richards,of PresidentPresiprincipalHe becameof thea teacherWeber andAcademy.later

dent David O. McKay has He was also instrumental in the

been called to the position of Presiestablishment of Weber College and dent of the Quorum of the Twelve, was one of its founders.

with Joseph Fielding Smith as actAlong with his schoolteaching ing President in order to facilitate and later his Church work, Presithe work of both Quorums. 1 dent McKay has gained strength

Each of these men has had years and insight by his close contact of training for the new position he with the land. His love of the

has been given. And to each has land has served to temper his love

come the satisfaction and reward of people. Although he of necesof a lifetime of sacrifice and service sity makes his home in Salt Lake

in the work of the Lord. Even beCity, he maintains his ancestral PRESIDENT

fore President McKay was called acres in Huntsville, Utah, where JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH to the Council of the Twelve in he goes for his infrequent vacations

April 1906, he had served faithto work the farm and care for his said that whenever President fully and well as a missionary to animals. McKay chose to talk, the youngest

Scotland, and in the Sunday School Beside him and behind him in as well as the oldest of his listeners cause in Weber County. In 1899 all of his work has stood his faithbecame engrossed in what he said.

he was called to the Weber Stake ful, devoted wife, Emma Riggs Following the recent conference,

Sunday School board, where for McKay, who has borne him seven one listener made the telling statesix years he labored so valiantly children: David L Lewellyn R., ment: "President McKay always

that President Joseph F. Smith Louise J., Royal R. (deceased), Emfollows through so well."That

called him to the position of second ma Ray, Edward R., and Robert R. statement can be applied to his life

assistant of the Deseret Sunday McKay. as well as to his addresses. He

School Union general board. WithPresident McKay has often borne "follows through"with the result

in three years President McKay strong testimony to the example that all who know him receive inwas set apart as first assistant, and and teaching of his parents, David spiration to live better and more in 1918 he was called to the posiand Jennette Evans McKay. Beabundantly.

tion of general superintendent of cause of their love and ambition Joseph Fielding Smith, like Presiall the Sunday Schools throughout for their children, President McKay dent McKay, was born of goodly the Church. knows how effective and essential parents who showed him the way

His contributions to the cause of a good home can be in the furtherhe must walk. His father was

Sunday School have been many and ance of the good life. To these President Joseph F. Smith, and his

varied. He recognized the value of goodly parents, President McKay mother, Julina Lambson Smith. He

united study of problems and mawas born in Huntsville, September was born in Salt Lake City, July terial. He planned regular prepara- 8, 1873. 19, 1876.

tion meetings, outlined the content, No words can explain the dyLike President McKay, Joseph and unified the lesson work. namic effect President McKay has Fielding Smith has also been interori to fortunate those enough be acHis in ested in the outof-doors. ''Evidences fSee,

his close to presence. himEha.'p* ff\ lor precedent. One 935) (Concluded on page and ''Reconciliations,".''., / V. '.,'".October

872 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

DELBERT LEON STAPLEY

AN APOSTLE 66AThat makes his dawning OF THE motto, and together they have built

WW glow.... Only the constant a family business known as The

know."—Griffith. O. S. Stapley Company, which is "..*, and he was numbered with LORD recognized far and wide. With the

the eleven apostles."Thus said the sale of trucks, appliances, hardware,

historian who wrote of the Acts of and farm implements, there has the Apostles nearly two thousand gone a brand of service and honor years ago, and Matthias became a and integrity that has brought to member of the Quorum of the the business financial success, and

Twelve Apostles. There had been to the family an honorable place in

devout supplication in which they the hearts of the people of Arizona had prayed: "... Thou, Lord, and the respect of many important

which knowest the hearts of all concerns throughout the country.

men, shew whether of these two His youth followed somewhat the thou hast chosen."( Acts 1:24. same pattern of other boys of the

Again the Lord has made his community. Athletic and vigorous,

will manifest, and he has chosen he found pleasure in the games of another Apostle to be a special witcontest, and he carries his love of ness of his life, death, resurrection, sports to this date, being a conand works. This time the "lot fell sistent golfer. In the orchestra he

upon"Delbert Leon Stapley. played the violin.

The new Apostle is a native of But his youth was shorter than

Arizona, having been born in the most boys enjoy, for he was called then small town of Mesa, fiftythree into the mission field when he was years ago. And he comes to the but eighteen years of age. Maturity

Church with a rich background of DELBERT LEON STAPLEY ended boyishness as he absorbed varied experience and with a faith himself in his newfound work. So

unsurpassed. outstanding was he that President

He is tall and straight as any Charles A. Callis called him to be

pine, and like Saul, "from his shoulthe conference president in Kenders and upward... higher than Jpencer \AJ. J\imba tucky while yet in his teens, and

any of the people."Wellpropor- here he began his career of presitioned, strong, and vigorous, his OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE dency, giving leadership to some

appearance is commanding and his fourteen missionaries. He was most

approach positive; there seems to and his mother, Polly May Hunconscientious and was much conbe a pleasing blending of selfas- saker, were community builders. cerned in the welfare of the people.

surance and deep humility. He has They were also homebuilders, and Those in high places of respon-

a twinkle in his eye and a smile Delbert and his five brothers and sibility realize perhaps more than easily provoked. His voice is strong three sisters grew up in an atmosmany the importance of a good wife.

and forceful, and withal, he is phere of culture and love and faith. Euripides exclaims: "Man's best

again like King Saul, "goodly to Here the lad learned to pray. Here possession is a sympathetic wife,"

look upon."were born selflessness and selfre- and here again was the new leader

But Elder Stapley was not chosen liance. With eleven in the family, blessed. He and Ethel Davis were

for his comeliness; "... the Lord all must work and share and sacriunited in marriage January 14, 1918,

seeth not as man seeth; for man fice, and out of this experience came their sealing taking place in the Salt

looketh on the outward appearance, but the Lord looketh on the heart."

(I Sam. 16:7.) "(Jp from the ranks came this new Authority, and in his

Up from the ranks came this new appointment is seen the genius of this great Church of

Authority, and in his appointment the Master in tvhich any deacon, teacher, or priest may is seen the genius of this great someday be called to high places.

Church of the Master in which any deacon, teacher, or priest may some- a family of unity that has been perLake Temple. Sister Stapley is a

day be called to high places. petuated in their lives to this day. charming woman, refined and sweet;

Elder Stapley was born in a good True brotherhood and family coshe is a bit retiring but is sympaLatter-day Saint home, where were operation has been manifest here. thetic, understanding, and cooperalove, consideration, and filial devo- "All for one and one for all"seems tive. She complements her hustion. His father, Orley S. Stapley, to have been the Stapley family (Continued on following page)

NOVEMBER 1950 873 (Continued from preceding page) when his predecessor was called to band and supports him in all his DELBERT LEON preside over the newlycreated Cenwork. Patiently she waits and tral Atlantic States Mission. He

serves. STAPLEY had served as Sunday School

Their only son, Orley S., is afteacher, and after many years,

filiated with the family business in He served his country in the adults remind him of the impresPhoenix. The older daughter, marines in World War I and later sions he made upon them when they

Berdine, is the wife of Grant Farley, joined the National Guard, where he were youths.

years. served nine and onehalf of He the Gila businessman prominenta Apostle of the new The work captain, commissioned Septemwas in Arizona; younger and theValley even stake when, the transcendeddaughter, Phyllis, a graduate of the ber 12, 1924, and when he retired as a counselor and later as presiUniversity of Utah, is with her from the service about 1934, he had dent of the stake, he presided over

parents until her approaching marthe rank of major. the Arizona region in welfare with

riage is consummated. There are His scouting experience was its nine stakes. This rich experience will be of value to the Church

HThe gates to greatness and leadership positions of trust in the days to come.

and influence are ajar always. The call of Delbert The Phoenix Stake is a fastStapley should again assure the faithful that the Lord places growing and active one, and its

no limitations upon the accomplishments and developprogress is much the result of the ment of men. effective and untiring work of this

new Authority and his associates.

four grandchildren in this family. closely related to his Church activThe last stake conference found

Because of his powers and willity. Though he had been active fortysix percent of the membership,

ingness, Brother Stapley was much all his life in all phases of the including men, women, and chilin demand in places of trust and Church program, his first major asdren, in attendance, a record which responsibility. While yet very signment after his mission came is equaled about each quarter and

young he served his city as councilwhen he was sustained while still which few stakes can approach.

man for four years. He was presiabout twenty years of age as asThe stake boasts 155 convert bapdent of the Phoenix Lions'Club sistant to John Cummard in the tisms in 1949, and 154 had already

and now is a member of the Phoestake Y.M.M.I.A. About two years been baptized by September 1, 1950.

nix Rotary Club; he has served on later when Elder Cummard sucMore than one percent of the stake

numerous boards, committees, and ceeded to the stake presidency, Delmembers are in the foreign mission field, missioneighty local and some as superintencommissions. He has'served at bert was sustained outfor the aries responsible are of the stake dent and in thehome

National Capitol Y.M.M.I.A. This standing record above mentioned.

for his state in was a pretentious An average of thirtysix percent of securing Colorado work for a twentyall the people attend sacrament

River water for twoyear old, and meetings each Sunday, and the

Arizona; he has perhaps he was other work is equally brilliant. Genserved on the one of the youngeral Authorities returning from

Chamber of Comest stake superinstake conferences in Phoenix Stake merce. He has tendents in the invariably extol the leaders and the

been a Boy Scout Church. So effipeople there for their faithfulness.

leader since about cient and forceful "As with the priest, so with the 1919 when he assisted in the oris loyal, true, industrious, willing,ganization of the J-Je who

Apache Council of humble, wellbalanced, ever in the servBoy Scouts in ice of others, may reach high places.

Mesa, and which some two years was his work that people,"and this stake president

Elder Stapley with his his people to serve seventeen has not askedlater wife Ethel and daughter after absorbed was

Phyllis valiantly has than years he he himself was still more ornewerby the ganized Roosevelt Council of which stake M.I.A. superintendent when served. Elder Stapley has seen the

he is the only surviving charter the Maricopa Stake was divided in Maricopa Stake grow from a small member. His scouting experience 1938. During twelve years of this rural stake into three large, strong,

included service in almost every detime, he had also served in the high and progressive ones, partment reaching to president and council, and was then released to beThe Church service of the new finally national representative, in come first counselor to President J. Apostle has been a brilliant succeswhich position he now serves. His R. Price of the new Phoenix Stake sion of accomplishments. Only once

unusual service here earned for him which position he occupied for apin his life did he yield to the worldthe highest honor given by the Naproximately ten years. Here he ly impulse to carve out his religious

tional Council of the Boy Scouts to served valiantly until December 5, life wholly independent of the conlaymen, the Silver Beaver award for 1947, when he was sustained as stituted Authorities of the Church.

distinguished service to boyhood. president of the Phoenix Stake (Continued on page 920)

874 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Da lA/endeii A. tskton \A/ritin HIGH OF THE SUNDAY SCHOOL GENERAL BOARD

Tf we would write to influence others, for good—and we

should have no other aim—then there is a model for us

all. It was given in pastoral Palestine nearly 2000 years ago.

writing of us write. YourMOST than a nothing more be may

scribbled note on a penny picture postcard from a vacation at

Yellowstone or Carlsbad, or it might be in the form of collection appeals for pastdue coal bills—or sales

letters for house sites. In a broader

sense, your "writing"might be composing a Sunday School lesson or a scoutmaster's talk for a troop outing.

When we think of it, most of us would like to write better. We'd

like to express ourselves more graphically and forcibly. If we

wouldgood—andwrite weto influenceshould allothers,have fornoother aim—then there is a model

for us all. It was given in pastoral

Palestine nearly two thousand years ago. But it is as upto-date now

Keystone View Co. by—Photographas a sixteeninch television screen.

door."own back 'When you write, use more often the subjects at your

Jesus'Sermon on the Mount has long been recognized as a classic poet! painter, sculptor, O thou their fish meals. for They how to would For oneof who heart: to thy this lesson Take their to teach bothered not had to letter a misawrite lieth nearest; is best which literature.today—from That

fish. to they were young how Now note of art. 2 a "thankyou"that thy work son tosionary from Shape

full of the while sea was at starving are gift—there weddingfor a

The second lesson to the writer alert the used observer fish. An the from suggestions tenleast

Mount. story to produce a powerful parable from the Sermon calls for concreteused again Jesus ness. Again and state a welfare the of dangers on it if could first suggestion, The -moththan rather vivid examples in Similarly, Dr. government. itself, say, for wouldspeak "When

lines, these Take eaten platitudes. of president S. Benson, George the suboften write, more useyou

jects at your own back door. Don't Harding College, 1 fashioned a for instance:

in his daily a story parable from.obfor distant reachcontinually shall thee to go a compel whosoever And

3 about an escaped newspaper enchantseemjects that might more twain. zoo mile, with him go

ing."In his Sermon on the Mount, leopard.

Jesus talked about such closeby Recently Benjamin F. Fairless, or

subjects as the closet, the are, a president of United States Steel if at the thee will sue any man And of Corporation, group spoke to acoat, and the figs on the nearby let coat, take thy have him and away

It Baltimore businessmen. wastrees. also.* cloke a law,thy

There have been some forceful exgreat speech. Copies of it were

amples of this truth from the Mount circulated throughout the country. Some of the memorable messages

in recent literature. The other day One of the points that made it so from our modernday prophets have

there came out of Florida a modern unforgettable was a comparison Mr. followed this truth from the Master.

parable on the gulls at St. AugusFajrless drew from his visit that Few could soon forget President

tine. The gulls there have been morning in a factory. He explained George Albert Smith's lesson on

starving amid plenty. The reason? that big and little business can work tithing which he gave during the

For some time they have been livsmoothly together like the cogs he dedicatory services at the Idaho ing on the delectable scraps from saw in that plant. Falls Temple. He told about meetthe shrimp fishermen's nets. ReLongfellow summarized this writing a man who didn't pay tithing.

cently the fishing operations moved ing lesson from the Mount when (Continued on page 927) down the Florida coast to Key he said: 2"Caspar Becerra,"St. 7.

West. The gulls had forgotten 1Sunshine Magazine, June 1950. mid..sMatthew5:40.5:41.

NOVEMBER 1950 875 JJhat effect does a mission have on the young men and women of the Church? How does it affect their vocation or profession?

Financial condition? Faith in the gospel? Marriage? These and many

other questions are answered in this article based on a study made by the author ten years after the close of his mission.

BRYANT S. HINCKLEY

By Enmamit J>.-J. J4it*-/mct?teu YEARS

V i lENT OF THE NORTHERN STATES MISSION

About three hundred missionaries and I witnessed an unfolding of The findings submitted here are labored with me in the Northern genius and a development of peras accurate as we have been able

States Mission. I saw them sonality, the like of which I had to make them. It required a year or

come and go; I became interested in never witnessed before. In some more to get the final returns. Durthem and attached to them. I saw cases, untrained and uncultured ing this period of ten years many

many of them grow and develop, boys were transformed into knightof them had married and moved.

ly gentlemen. As I handed each It was difficult to locate them. Getmissionary his honorable release ting the answers involved a great

QUESTIONNAIRE and bade him farewell, I often wondeal of correspondence which was dered where time would take him carried on gratuitously by some of 1. How long have you been hoping always that the future would the returned missionaries.

home? deal kindly with him. Fourteen letters were returned

married? 2 you Are

3. to whom? After my return home I conuncalled for, and sixtyfive were and When

4. Names of your children? ceived the idea of sending a quesnever answered. Fortunately we

5. What was the first job you tionnaire to those who had been have the list of those not responding

got after your release? home ten years or more to find and have other means of checking

6. What have you done since? what had become of them and what most of them, which we have done

is 7. vocapresent your What carefully. liberal allowMaking result the doing. a they were As profession? tion or

for the indifferent ance ones, the letter the following accompanyand conis financial 8. your What

dition? ing questionnaire were written and total results are reassuring and

Fair Comfortable mailed to each of them. gratifying.

Wellto-do The letter and the questionnaire services 9.: Are you Church were the often warmly greeted by Missionary: dear acMy tive: Yes No missionaries. of beThe thought years ago we did missionary work Ten or 10. have Positions you hold

held in the Church? together in the Northern States. I am still ing remembered by their mission

11. Check your present attitude interested in you and in what you are president, and the fact that he was

toward the Church: Enthudoing. Will you fill in the following quesstill interested in their welfare,

it earliest date? at the mail tionnaire and Indifferent siastic. to them. inquiry This much

to get meant effort a sincere are making We Negative a of source joy encourageand was missionaries served replies 250 from who 12. Are you in good to It least of them. ment at missionaries us. were many health? Yes with Our

No a good average and the Northern States paid for all the effort necessaryfully thing best is the you 13. What So, mission. average Mission an this to carry through the project. Acyears? last ten the have done fair cross section of the Church will be a

14. What was your most difficult and should show about where missionaries companying the return of the quesproblem on your return? go the first ten years after they are 'Ire- *LaVar Whittaker of Salt Lake City, a former

missionary practising a accountant, and did difficult now is 15. most leased. your What

of the the correspondence much conand work problem now? this with project. nected his skilful Without and I is sure important. reply am Your

untiring assistance task have would been well'1 6. feel mistoward this you do effort. in will us with cooperate How you nigh impossible. obligreat our acknowledge Wethis after years? ten sionary work association, for past to him. and gations Grateful your

17. Send a recent photograph. wishing you well for all the days that mentDr. ofVernonEducationF. Larsenrenderedof thevaluableUtah StateassistanceDepartin

as ever lie before you, I am, analysis the of the questionnaires. returned fill in 18. the above quesPlease

are to indebted Dr. Larsen. makingWe tions anything and add you mission secretary, supplied the Lewis Lloyd, Hgreatly Sincerely yours,

wish. photographs and cheerfully assisted in the work.

I si BRYANT S. HINCKLEY We are grateful to him.

876 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tionnaires were many personal letof missionary life, and the problem ters recalling memories and experi- "There never was a set of of finding employment when one ences that warm and gladden the men since God made the world returns and of adjusting himself to heart. These are typical of many under a stronger responsibility a new environment is in many cases

replies received. to warn this generation to lift a most difficult one. For many of

up their voices long and loud, the missionaries the period followIt from to pleasure hear a great was still inday and night, so far as they ing their return is a critical one. It are to that youyou and know

terested in us as you were back in the have the opportunity, and deinvolves such a sudden and radical mission field. It brings a feeling that is clare the words of God unto change as to make the readjustment

hard to describe. this generation. We are retrying and difficult. Many need

during help and encouragement this. to our This is do

tell to this opportunity take you quired I must high that period. In the past a is It is It calling. our duty. misthe I hold memories of dearhow my

sion. How I cherish the wonderful and our business."percentage of missionaries have

lasting friendships I formed with the other come from farms, and for those missionaries. These are things that all Wilford Woodruff, JD missionaries the adjustment is easy.

the money in the world cannot buy. 21:122, June 6, 1880. The questionnaires show that forty

A great deal has happened since I last returned to the farms; thirty served

saw you. The days I spent in the mission as clerks and accountants, sevenfield were among the happiest days of my accident, and four died from other teen as schoolteachers, thirteen as

life. felt I have always Somehow sixteen but, students, as salesmen, that causes.the happiness is directly I enjoy connow of course, of a variety there wasnected with the time I spent in the mission Question two, "Are you marfield. ried?"The records show that 131 occupations.drivers, three Fourbecamebecameengineers,truck

Your letter and questionnaire stirred old men were married, three unmarried, four beauty operators, four housethree married, fifty women women cherished within memoriesand me. The keepers, two carpenters, five laboris to It interesting noteassociation field unmarried. in the mission had we

ers. entire of yearsand the missionary two fiftythree lady of fifty out life that is yourare, after nearly ten years, most sweet to missionaries were married. MisQuestion seven, "What

or vocation profession?"recall. sionary experiences give a girl poise, present

is years, this After ten what they

To know that people care for selfconfidence, and a social develare doing: fortyfive housewives,

you, that you have their interests at opment that add to her attractiveforty-three farmers, six students, heart, is often an incentive for them ness. These questionnaires give three service station operators, two

to carry on. This was one of the the names and ages of 513 children field representatives for insurance

most compensating features of the born to these missionaries. companies, eight schoolteachers,

whole undertaking, and to discover Question five, "What was your four clerks, two life insurance the splendid achievements of many first job after you were released?"agents, one plasterer, four carpenof them was indeed an inspiration. Missionary life is riot a normal life. ters, four salesmen, two newspaper

During this ten years eleven misThe question of making a living and reporters, one hardware store sionaries had died, four of them all that pertains to it is not a part owner, one airline pilot, one city were killed overseas during World marshall, one training officer

War II. Two were killed in auto- U.S.A., one research chemist, one

mobile accidents, one in an airplane fromPicturedthe Northernhere are Statesnearly Missionone hundredmentionedmissionariesin this {Continued on following page) article, who accompanied the pilgrimage to the old jail at Carthage, Illinois.

NOVEMBER 1950 877 AFTER 10 YEARS in their faith, it will lead them forward.

Question nine, "Are you active in the Church: Yes or No?"After

ten years, returns show that out of 188, 186 reported "active"in the

Church, two inactive.

Question ten, "What positions do you or have you held in the

Church?"The returns show the

following: ten bishops, twentytwo

in bishoprics, fortytwo in superintendencies of the Sunday School, ten ward clerks, 120 teachers in auxiliary organizations, ten Relief Society presidents, nine choristers, four temple workers, seventysix ward M. I. A. presidents, twentyeight seventies'quorum presidents,

eleven elders'quorum presidents,

B. J. Rasmussen, a former missionary to Northern States Mission, with his wife Marjorie Gill, and

his children Barton Gill, age 4; Barbara Rose 3; and Dwight Bennett, age IVi. ten Primary presidents, five branch

presidents, seven members of high councils, School stake seven Sunday preceding (Continued from page) they at remained had home. No eight scoutmasters, members, board sheriff, threecounty bookkeepers, other experience that are acwe

one weighmaster, one cattle buyer, quainted with makes the same thirtynine stke or home missionone furniture dealer, one gasoline fundamental contribution to the aries, twelve M.I.A. stake board

representative, one electrician, one development of character as does members, twentyfive ward teachers, professor of biological science, three missionary work, and character lies four ward teachers'supervisors, ranchers, two principals of Latterat the very foundation of all social, eight priesthood quorum advisers, day Saint seminaries, three accounfinancial, and political security. two high priest presidents, three

district presidents, three M.I.A.tants, certified public accountwo All successful missionaries come presidents, stake L.D.S. one grouptants, professional singer, one one settled a with faith home in the in forces, leader the armed tworadio business operator, supply one of the Redeemer world, with a foreign missionaries, stake twoproprietor of sport a shop, one that knowledge lives and God It presidents. in should borne befinance manager, company one reigns high, on these and upon that these mind and men womenphysiologist at university, a one eternal truths rest the peace, progare young, averaging betweenpersonnel manager, one owner of ress, security of and the world. No thirtyfive thirty of and years age. real estate directora one company, matter what worthy pursuit they ten the vast After years majority of Institute Religion, S. ofof L. D. one if follow, they may remain steadfast (Continued on page 924)nurse, of auto one court owner and

store, one county abstractor, one steel worker, one jewelry store family:Leo Roger,R. Manwaring,6; Adele, 4;a Julene,former 7; missionaryand his wifein Rella.Northern States Mission, is pictured here with his

proprietor, one optician, one assistant professor of speech at a university, one hair stylist, one retail merchant, one owner of meat market, one chemist, and three other university professors.

Number eight, "What is your financial condition?"Returns from

these questionnaires show that fiftynine are in fair circumstances, 125 are comfortable, one is wellto-do, and one is poor. Some have believed

that the missionary program will lead this Church into bankruptcy.

History affords no examples that a people have failed through making sacrifices for great ideals. Nations

do not decay while they struggle and save and sacrifice for righteous ends. We believe that men who go

on missions, in the long run, are better equipped to succeed financially than they might have been if 878 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MODERN FULFILMENT OF A BOOK OF MORMON PROPHECY

'y i &Ro*W.-%oi

MEMBER, Y.M.M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD

MISSION STATES EASTERN PRESIDENT,FORMER m\

M\\ ill mm wMi*up M

that to say be safe every- m;,,/Hmii>/ll'l(\]))||///l"HII'IIHIK would

1 1 'J.IT day a nonLatter-day Saint

verifies the truth of the Book of

Mormon. Latterday Saint missionaries are witnesses to this fact.

Considerable evidence, internal brought been external, has to i/Mfluaafcand m jiU'jijm i during the the world ofthe attention past 120 years to substantiate the is important This of Mormon.Book '< ": ""\mtltt'llllll""r'"lll'rltl '> things, otherbecause, many among

nil In If ''n'f-flfflIpciWlwW mmj$!!T!0d that truth to the it witness bears 4#- <#> <# iijp <4&\ x mil! 'and ijmf the grave is a life beyondthere

that Joseph Smith is a prophet of

God.

The real test of the book's auuilUHIlL thenticity to the individual is generally known to all Latterday Saints.

It is the promise of Moroni, who as mMWW a prophethistorian of the Nephite nation, predicted that all who should read these sacred scriptures with a sincere heart and pray to know of (OUl TT their truth, would receive an answer to their petition by the power of the the Considerablepast 120 yearsevidence,to substantiateinternal andthe external,Book of hasMormon.been brought to the attention of the world during

Holy Ghost. (Moroni 10:4-5.) But The above is a drawing of the Toltec goddess which stood near the Pyramid of the Moon of Teotihuait is not generally known by the can, Mexico.

membership of the Church that another Nephite prophet centuries beThe casual reader might think it among the professing books of fore Moroni's time made a prophetic of little significance that a man livscripture in this regard. One of its

utterance probably just as remarking centuries before the publication most important characters declares able and which also confirms the of a record should know that his that after the Book of Mormon truth of the book. It is this prophecy words and those of other prophets would be revealed to the world

which is having its daily fulfilment. would be accepted by many people "there shall be many which shall

Given approximately 550 years living in a subsequent era. Such a believe the words which are writbefore Christ, this prophecy not prediction, however, is not comten"in that book. Who are those

only includes those who have a monplace in the annals of literature, who have believed or who do beknowledge based upon spirit testifyand surely it is not so in sacred lieve the Book of Mormon? The

ing to spirit, but it also embraces literature, either Christian or nonfollowing answer to this question another group, those who will beChristian. Is this bold statement was suggested by the late President

lieve but who do not necessarily made in any one of the books com- B. H. Roberts of the First Council

know by the testimony of the Holy prising the sixtysix books of the of the Seventy:

Ghost. The Prophet Nephi spoke Old and New Testaments? One

of Church of the membership 1. Theof the for such vain a prophlook in future Book of Mormon in would

Saints, both of Latterday Christ Jesus these words: nearest approach ecy there. The dead. living and

And now, I would prophesy somewhat to such a prediction is in the Koran, 2. Those who accepted it and afterwards

more concerning the Jews and the Genthe sacred writings of the Mohamby transgression departed from the Church, tiles. For after the book of which I have medans, and yet very dissimilar in but who in the majority of cases continued

spoken shall come forth, and be written letter and spirit are the numerous to assert their faith in the truth of the

Gentiles, the unto sealed and up the shall there again statements of condemnation against Book3. Theof Mormon.people in the many nations into Lord, unto which be many

shall believe the words which are written. the unbeliever. It is believed that whose language the Book of Mormon

(IINephi 30:3.) the Book of Mormon is unique (Continued on following page)

NOVEMBER 1950 879

MODERN FULFILMENT OF A BOOK OF MORMON PROPHECY

(Continued from preceding page) very much impressed with their attitude front of the Book of Mormon received has been translated. (Nineteen languages toward this wonderful book. One lady from an elder at the county fair here in

to date and five unpublished.) told us she knew no man uninspired could August. Feeling her prayers would be

4. Those who have believed in the Book write such a book, another expressed how answered, she knelt in prayer before the

of Mormon but who have not accepted the Book of Mormon cleared up many Lord and said if this message were true, baptism in the Church of Jesus Christ of points that were not clear to her from she wanted to know. She told us of the

Latterday Saints because of a lack of reading the Holy Bible. (Waynesburg, horrible feeling that came over her which

courage to make the sacrifices involved Pa.) made her feel as if she would die. Then

in a public profession of their faith. (See the most indescribable and peaceful feelJohn A. Widtsoe and Franklin S. Harris, An investigator made the statement that ing came over her, and she knew that the

Jr., Seven Claims of The Book of Mor- "it just stands to reason that the Book of book was true. She tells everyone that she

mon, p. 166.) Mormon is true."(Warren, Pa.) can about the Book of Mormon, and she

is trying to convince her mother of the said yesterinvestigators friends of our her of baptism. necessity Three of One Although one could estimate the

will that believes people Y.) he (Batavia, that more day N. are also interested.

number who have received memberbe converted to Christ through the Book ship in the Church of Jesus Christ of Mormon than through the Bible. A We were discussing the gospel when

of Latterday Saints, about two milfriend of his wants to come with him when one of our acquaintances of several months lion living and dead, it would be he comes to visit our branch. Our investisaid, while holding up the Book of Morvirtually impossible to make an estimakegator's a ministerMormonis outafraidof wehimareyet.going(Harto mon:of these"Brethren,books (otherthis is standardthe truth,worksand allof

mate of the "many"who believe risburg, Pa.) the Church) are true revelations from

the Book of Mormon but who have God. I am so thankful that you men

not accepted all of the gospel. It An investigator has been reading the came to my door last spring."He proto his us has borne of and testimony Book of Mormon wonderful a to bear ceededis writer believed that the by the

of of has. testimony the promise and Moroni the gospel. He of the truthfulness great, doubtlessnumber be would is seeking. has that that believes what he is that He times he several mentioned

even many more than the number been a very good student of the Bible in this to be the truth, but never so forceconverted in the missions in this the past and seems to understand the fully as this time. ( McDonald, Pa.

dispensation. scriptures of the Book of Mormon very

A full realization of the everyday well. (Erie, Pa.) colonelThe who,other duringday wethe metwar, anhad exarmya numfulfilment of Nephi's prophecy came Yesterday we went to Mount Morris to ber of LDS men serving under him, and

to the attention of the writer while visit a woman, and we really had a thrillhe was highly impressed with them. One

reading letters reporting on the ing experience. The first question she of the group presented a Book of Mormon

it thoroughly, quite and the of Mormon Bookweekly activities of the missionaries askedbe baptized?"us was, "WhatShe tolddo I ushaveof toherdo exto tohe himtoldandus hehe readknew

laboring in the Eastern States Misperience of reading the Joseph Smith story is true, that such a writing could not be sion. During one month toward the and of checking on the references in the written. by mortal man without inspiration.

close of the year 1947, the follow- (Johnstown, Pa.)

ing unsolicited brief reports from missionaries laboring in the cities pleIn whotractingare weinterestedcame acrossin our twomessage,peoof the East, mentioned at the close one who had been in contact with the of each report, were received. These missionaries before the war. When he

missionaries were not aware that opened the door, and before my companion tellthey, together with thousands of could in. vited us himWewhobeganwe were,our discussionhe had inby

other missionaries of the then fortytelling him of Joseph Smith 'and the Book two missions of the Church, were of Mormon. On asking him what he

witnesses of the fulfilment of thought of our message, we were told

Nephi's predictions concerning the that the Book of Mormon could not have acceptance of the Book of Mormon beenfessedwrittenhavingbyreadmanthealone.BookHeof alsoMormonconin the day when it would be rebut no longer had a copy and asked usvealed to the world: if he could obtain one, which, of course,

we sold to him. (Plattsburg, N. Y.)

A retired railroad engineer has practically finished reading the Book of Mormon To the foregoing many more simiwe lent him two weeks ago. He purBIRD SOLO lar accounts could be added, but

chased it and gave us enough money to this number was reported in one copies of thebuy more two Book of By Alma Miller month. Of these people possibly are into to others giveMormon who

terested so that they could enjoy the don't know the kind only two have become members of book as he has. I As I'm not birdwise, the Church. Perhaps others will

He believes it's true and knows it so DiminutiveBut a little size,brown fellow, one day become members. It would

well that he gave us a book review on it With a yellow breast be incorrect to assume that the ratio the day we returned to see how he was And a brownflecked wing of eight to ten, as given here, is his reading. along with coming This whiteruffed a was And throat the basis for determining the nummade to sing, That was us to encouraging and indicatedvery how

powerful the Book of Mormon is because Heard the Church choir ber who "believe the book"but radio, my in its of its truth the gospel accept do not and the evidences for it. (New From who singing, in the Joined

Castle, Pa.) ratio as well as other fulness. This sweet and low. His voice

car window, that Near however, evidence my may suggest, companion and found me This week my a tree, His church was Nephi's the number who fulfil to had visiting those people stillness in whom we the And lent the Book of Mormon, and we were He worshiped with me. [Concluded on page 924)

880 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Vital THINGS

v->a1 \.arol!\ead Jlah &

to care at all for Clay's letters any more.'* The girl whirled, and her brown eyes were bits of fire. "Why should

I?"She caught up the thin envelope. "I can tell you all that's in here right now—

"Frances!""Oh, yes, and a P.S.—'Tell your

folks hello.*

"But it is a glorious work, and you should be glad he's so interested in it."

"Yes. Well, I've found someone

who's a little interested in me for a change."dear, Wade isn't a member—"But, K3B. i "Oh, Mother—"Francie's dark

eyes flashed to meet her mother's

She didn't even glance at the hall table as she sped up the stairs to her room.

Francie Stevens scuffed her wet "Oh, thanks, darling. You didn't in the mirror. "Honestly, don't you

oxfords furiously on the little have to bring it up. Just put it on think that's a little narrow? I mean,

mat. Of all times to be caught the vanity."after all, he doesn't smoke, and hein the rain! Her reflection showed Mrs. Stevens sat down heavily doesn't drink—

darkly in the door glass; showed her on the bed to get her breath. "And he doesn't believe the wayfresh hairdo a total loss—and her "Where did you say you're going, you do,"her mother put in firmly.date coming by for her in twenty honey?""And if you married—

minutes! She didn't even glance at "To Greendale to see Wade's "If we married, I'd have his heart

the hall table as she sped up the sister, Anne. You know, who's and his interest. That's more than

stairs to her room. just had the twins."Clay gives me."

"Frances,"her mother called "Oh."There was disappointment "Now, Frances, you know that

from the kitchen. "Did you see your in her voice. "I thought maybe isn't so."Mrs. Stevens spoke quietletter there on the stand?"you'd go to the ward dance here ly, but her eyes were troubled. "It's

"No, Mother. I'm in a rush. tonight."just that he's in a new work in new

Wade's coming along in a minute "Wade didn't want to."Francie surroundings."

to take me to Greendale."brushed aside the letter as she "Well, I'm not."Her voice was

"Take you where?"But Francie's reached for the cold cream. Silence tense with emotions long pent up.

door had swung shut. hung like a curtain between them. "I should think he'd realize that.

She was struggling into a billowAfter a moment her mother said I'm in the same old place doing theing skirt when her mother toiled softly, "Francie, what makes you same old things, and I can't—up the stairs. "Here's Clay's letter—like this?"She broke off. "He didn't write like

whew!"Mrs. Stevens stood puffing Francie stiffened. "Like what?"this from school last winter."

in the doorway. "So indifferent. You don't seem (Continued on page 918)

NOVEMBER 1950 881 PROGRESS IN CHURCH INSTITUTES OF RELIGION

"Education makes the man."* lL5iA Afibert oC.—obelly /rr

RESEARCH EDITOR

AST year five thousand students graduated at Logan, Utah, after given for such courses as Bible

I participatedfered by thein sixteenthe activitiesinstitutesofcompletingand electivea courseclassesof prerequisitethat had study,the rigorousin"whichlessonthepreparationstudents meetand of religion which the Church mainevolved over the previous nine examinations that college work pretained adjacent to campuses of years. By the beginning of the scribes. At other institutes, colcolleges, junior colleges and uniacademic year of 1938, there were lege students find a variety of

versities in Idaho, Wyoming, Utah, thirteen institutes of religion funcclasses: courtship and marriage,

Arizona, and California. tioning. Church history, family relations,

missionary for religion of Three new institutes training—classes as the doors opened This fall,

is limited, outside preparation at which for students at Price, Utah,one are Price, there Reno, at Albion, and is institute credit only which and for at AlCollege; Junior oneCarbon institutes of the seventeen Church

lead to which an may forbion, Idaho, Idaho Southern given—credit face to students aid L.D.S. which

institute colof at the diploma end the students;College of Education they the of daily life as problems

careers. lege students have Many at for studentsother Reno, Nevada, education. higher seek

questions had their answered by of the haveof University Nevada been opened this fall, Dr. Franklin The institute program is flexible, discussing their problems with more

L. West, Church commissioner of differing with the kind of instituadvanced students, the institute dieducation, has announced. This tion to which it is adjacent. At rectors, or in one of the questionfocuses attention anew on a littlesome institutes, college credit is andanswer classes there provided.

heralded but farflung With the institute activity of the Church University of Utah Institute recently completed program is a social—its interest in the organization—Lambdathousands of students Delta Sigma—whose

who matriculate each name is derived from year at stateand prithe letters of the Greek vatelyendowed colleges alphabet the English and universities. equivalents of which

The institute of reare the letters L D S.

ligion for college stuBesides the purely sodents was born in cial aspects of this the midtwenties when group, it delights in an institute was espractising acts of kindtablished at Moscow, ness—Christmas bunIdaho, for the benefit dles for the needy

of Latterday Saint stuspring housecleaning dents attending the projects at the home of

University of Idaho. a handicapped neighbor

So successful was the—anything that makes

experiment of offering the spirit of brotherhood university students adreal.

ditional classes taught Also there is usually by men with Church a chapter of Delta viewpoints that by 1935 Phi, the social group the Church was operatmade up mostly of reing institutes at Mosturned L.D.S. missioncow and Pocatello, ary students, but whose

Idaho, and at Logan membership qualificaand Salt Lake City, tions stipulate a period

Utah. In that year alof service in behalf of

so, the first institute any church.

class in the Church was Forerunner of the institute, especially in

Cawthorn, *James Birth and Edu- (Concluded on page 912) cation Genius of 882 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Perhaps she needed glasses if she couldn't see how beautiful Mary &<}

Kirby was, in spite of poverty.

anche /4uddte5ton schoolteacher,I left the shopwho andhadjoinedcome ourto town with us. Miss Smith had

taught school for six months in our neighborhood, and she was a sensible girl.

to ask I wanted about you "I—

I said, feeling Kirby,"rather irby's Kind Mrs.

foolish. "I mean—how does she

6iT saw one of your neighbors Jenny sniffled, "if she's the one I look to you?"

"Mrs. Kirby?"Miss Smith had I the other day,"an acquaintsaw—though she looked more like

ance in town told me. She a scarecrow, at that."been frowning, but now she smiled.

lovely,"shegiggled. "What kind of a person "Oh, no,"I began, but just then "Why, lovely—just

is "Who—she, anyway?""I began, somewhat deaI customerseized thecamechanceinto theto getshop,away.and said.stuck it"I out,don'toutbelievethere, I ifcouldit hadn'thave

fensively. Jenny is inclined to be Jenny, I thought crossly, needn't been for her. I felt so little and

spiteful about people. take that attitude about scarecrows. lost and incapable, even though I

"I can't think of her name right did want to be a success, but she now. But she was a great towering she's a lovely person."creature, in a print dress and a coat ]ary Kirby is unusual, "But—"I persisted, "did she

two sizes too small—little squinty but she makes you uncame. Did she—eyes—derstand about the soul. look that way when you first

Mentally I ran over the list of my "I don't know,"Miss Smith adcountry neighbors. "Tall—not (Continued on page 910)

stout?"I asked. I ignored the

remark about clothes. We're none

of us fashion plates, where I live.... Old Grandma Mason

"Kirby!"Jenny said triumphantin her last illness, "hangly. "That was her name. And of ing on"until Mary Kirbyall the queerlooking, homely—got there.

"It couldn't have been Mary Kirby,"I protested, at once. "Why

—Mary—she's beautiful! I remember when Junior almost died

with to see her pneumonia—just

there in the house made me feel braver. And she isn't any more ofa nurse than the rest of us. But—

"Her name was Mrs. John

Kirby, and she said she lived about three miles from you,"Jenny said firmly. "Good gracious, I don't see

how you could forget how she looks."She cast an approving

glance at herself in the big mirror where her customers try on hats.

She runs a small hat shop, and she takes"Well—great"painsI said.withI frownedher looks.and

tried to picture Mary Kirby. "She

is tall,"I pondered, "because she could reach right up into the cedar tree by our door and put a baby bird back in its nest. You know,

it's a funny thing about Mary and birds. They seem to kind of know

her. There's a crow that nests in

a pine tree by their milkpen, and

I'd swear it calls her grandma. You

know how funny crows can sound and—-""I can very well believe that,"

NOVEMBER 1950 883 T,? WHA NO CONE

d5u ianeton >v. Jchevner,t

Bill Skerett hesitated on the stopped, and stared gloomily down ing from past experience,"Boner broad brown steps of the at the two companions on the responded. Willis McDonald earned

school as the heavy door closed bench. They were trying to grin his nickname because he always

slowly behind him. From over the and eat ice cream cones at the same "boned up"on all lessons. He betrees to the west came the sound time, but the cones were winning. came a student authority, with the

of cadenced cheers. He recognized Bill's mouth was suddenly dry. reputation of being able to answer

the school yell, ending with a Coach had forbidden afterschool anything.

rugged, "Team! Team! Team!"As snacks. But what Coach said His face was serious, and his eyes

he started down the gravel path, a wouldn't make much difference, looked owlish through blackrimmed song was getting a cheeringsection now! glasses as he watched the ice cream

beating. "A little refreshment before we jiggle on the end of his cone. "Most

"Practising yells for the big game join the cheering section,"Tim interesting! You strike me just

Saturday,"he thought, dejectedly. stopped worrying his cone long above the knee, set up an impulse,

He glanced down at the books enough to explain. "But why the and the tremors resulting carry up

slung under one arm. "And I won't long face, Bill? We're already through my body unnoticed, conbe playing."gloating over Saturday's game."He tinue down my arm and into the

"Hi, Bill!"Tim Crowder hailed slapped his free hand down on the cone, causing the ice cream set into

him from a bench, halfhidden by knee of the other boy. "Isn't that its wide end to vibrate with such

a large bush on the landscaped right, Boner?"violence it threatens to...

grounds. "You're late!""With Bill playing, one may "Oh, stop it, Boner, or I'll be

Bill veered across the grass, reasonably presume success, judghaving an impulse!"Bill Skerett

"Hi, Bill!"Tim Crowther hailed him from the bench.

884 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was impatient. "Just hand it here, boys considered an uncanny ability school rival. There just had to be

to someone who appreciates good in tutoring. It was rather the re- a way out!

ice cream. You don't deserve it, sult of thorough preparation and Bill glanced up hopelessly. Tim

you owleyed bookworm."realization of the main points to be was sitting one chair over and

"No ice cream, Bill!"Tim jumped brought out. diagonally to the front of him. His

up quickly. "You're in training!"Bill listened carefully, painstakpaper already looked nearly com-

"Which means no extra candy ingly, and painfully. He answered plete. Bill stretched a little. Then

bars, no afterschool snacks, and Boner's questions, made mistakes, Tim's eraser fell to the floor. As

no cones,"added Boner. His teeth and was corrected. He memorized he searched for it, his paper shifted

crunched into his cone. under his tutor. On and on it went, a little nearer Bill's reaching eyes.

"You're wrong,"Bill said, flatly. Then Bill was writing again,

He could almost taste Boner's ice swiftly.

cream, now. "Guess it doesn't make Loyalty to the school. That was

any difference to you, Boner, that what counted. The school! The

we're having a special exam, toteam had to win. Bill's face was

morrow. You'd pass on anything, getting hot; he felt drops of

any time. But I saw the look perspiration on his forehead as he

of surprise on your face, Tim, tried to justify his action, and made at the announcement. Me? I a sorry job of it.

can't pass. You know the rule A bell rang and ended the

for playing on teams. Good struggle. Time for the examination

grades. So I'm getting a cone. was over. Tim got up, carried his

Two cones."paper front. Bill sat there, thoughtBoner's glasses slid down ful. Then he picked up his examinahis nose at the shock of the tion paper.

unexpected news. Tim just The sound of tearing paper cut

stared at Bill Skerett. Boner through the muffled shuffling of

was the first to recover. He feet, of chairs being pushed across

sprang up, advanced upon Bill, the bare floor as Bill tore his his finger waving. answer sheet down the middle,

"How do you know you then across. He pulled himcan't pass?"Boner frowned self out of the chair, picked up

as he looked up at Bill. "You the questions and torn examgive up like a—a—ination paper. By the big desk

"Now, that's enough, Bonat the front of the room was er!"Bill felt his face getting a huge wastepaper basket.

red. "I've worked hard to get Standing by it, Bill finished

on the team and play for the school, several weeks'learning pressed inthe destruction he had started, and you know it. I've played every to three hours. When he and Tim watching the small torn squares of

game up to now. It's not my fault. left their classmate's home, Bill's paper flutter down and into the

Couldn't they have had the exam mind was confused with sudden waiting basket. Suddenly he felt

after the game Saturday, say a learning. very tired.

week from now? I don't get it!"Bill's mouth felt dry when he "It wasn't my work,"he said

"You feel abused, Bill?"Boner said good night. An ice cream cone simply, "I'm sorry."

that. cure smothered his would at classmate.frowned "You He

field that athletic on the to thought like. bed. at There and went hard you whatwork Now at the looked the Downafternoon, Coach in examination the morning, an wasthe lessons caught neglected have

up with you, and you say you team practice in the afternoon. Bill assembled players with a little

want a cone!"frowned in his sleep. frown. He was hearing scraps of their talk as the rumor spread how

"I did not neglect my lessons! Bill Skerett had thrown down the

in the in chair onearmedNot intentionally, anyway,"Bill Ceated school. one the Rubbing team—and the lectureamended. a blank paper room, with thoughtfully side of his nose

"We've got to do something and examination questions before a gnarled finger, he, sent Freddy about it, anyhow. You've got to him, Bill struggled to find the Gilmore, scrub player, to take the

pass, for the good of the school,"answers in the confusion that now absent Bill Skerett's place.

Tim said soberly. "Maybe Boner's filled his brain. He riveted his eyes That was the first day Bill was

the paper. question he Some there,got at that. Boner! on something three were There away—Tuesday. could answer, most but of them that's the answer, because BillWhy big game. more days before the

he's got the answers! Tonight we looked strange to him. He had to went to his classes, but afterward

meet at Boner's, and he can give pass, he thought in desperation. he simply disappeared. Freddy reyou a workout. I'll stick along. I Time was passing. He was throwported seeing him with Boner

can use some of it myself."ing the school down, after all, and McDonald, which added to the

And that Monday night Boner disappointing his friends. He mystery. "Maybe he's going in for

McDonald did work Bill Skerett couldn't do that! And there was chess,"Freddy added, with a grin.

over. He had what most of the that game Saturday with an old (Concluded on page 910)

NOVEMBER 1950 885

EVELATION 5u dames cX. d5arker

FORMER PRESIDENT OF FRENCH MISSION gospel plan and nothing by the rest of mankind. And I am come down to deliver them out

... But, if the gospel plan, the "deof the hand of the Egyptians,

I will thee therefore, send and great atheist now Come criticized the posit faith,"lost, of not had beenAvery forth bring that thou Pharaoh, mayest unto beliefs Christian because, acfurther revelation would have no of Israel out of the children people my to the cording he churches... Egypt. necessary, been consequently, and

knew, the great revelation God had would all revelation have ceased? And God said moreover unto Moses,

for man was given first by Jesus Thus shalt thou say unto the children of

Christ during his lifetime on the If he knew the revelations given Israel, the Lord God of your fathers, the to Isaac, of the would Adam, have and of Abraham, had Abraham God Godearth, in the of Time, and Meridian of hath unto sent you."the Jacob, me God for no revelation? need new An "If first to asked, thenot man. He 2, 7, 8, 10, 3:1, 15.) (Exodus of a revelation examination given

to give, revelation great a hadGod to Abraham will make evident thewhy did he wait so long?"It was not enough for Moses to answer.

Though the atheist apparently know the revelations given to others

And God said unto Abraham, before his time. That was history,did not know it, God did not wait

"so long": Kirsopp Lake, professor And I will bless her [Sarah], and give but he had a work to do: to lead

emeritus of ecclesiastical history of thee a son also of her: yea, I will bless the children of Israel out of Egypt.

Harvard University, writes in the her, and she shall be a mother of nations; For that, he needed to be clothed

introduction to his translation of the kings of people shall be of her. (Genesis with authority, to be invested with

Ecclesiastical, History of Eusebius: 17:16.)... Shall I hide from Abraham that wisdom, and to have divine guidthing which I do; ance. He needed more than the

Eusebius maintains that the teachings of Seeing that Abraham shall surely be- "deposit of faith,"even if it had

Christianity were neither new nor strange. come a great and mighty nation, and all been handed down to him unhistory of church The student will the nations of the earth shall be blessed changed.

that in difficulty recognizinghave... little 18:1718.) (Genesis in him?

this teaching is in direct line of Justin In the time of the Savior, there for a period been no revelationMartyr, had Aristides, Clement of Alexandria, In part, this revelation has to do Origen.and religious years; the four of hundred

his with Sarah. wife and Abraham

scripof the leaders had the Jews the revelation. It is a personal OnAlso, the writer of "Second Elethe of the Testament and tures Old

all Israel other it concerns hand, and says,ment"but, their fathers, as traditions of all mankind: did not his descendMark quotes the Savior, And the books of the prophets and the ants preserve the worship of

that theapostles Church is not of say nations were Jehovah when all other of prophesied Esaias Well hath beginning. thetoday, but from

is written, in idolatry? This peoas it in him, sunk from you.. hypocrites,. And

whom Mary the mother of Jesus ple honoureth me with their lips, but

If is authority or the far priesthood their heart me. from all nato descend, were not to was

worship me, they in vain do Howbeit ordiinact of the the God, name tions to blessed? be the for commandments doctrines teaching of gospel, the gospel thenances and

7:6-7.) of men. (Mark rethough had Even Abraham toteachings given "from were man

all the revelations begiventhe beginning,"would it be necesceived In the interpretation of the scriptime, fore his world he and the reveal to again?sary them Would Saddutures, the Pharisees and the bless- a great missed have would the priesthood of the authoritynot relied and only on scholarship ing if things these special not cees had

faith,"of enthe "deposit onceand their Retradition, rejected and revealed been unto him.

to them,trusted be handed down deemer, the revelations given were And to generation? generationfrom Cerwith them, while Jesus was Even to other Abraham, and Adam, fail to to tainly, unless should man revelation: his disciples needed

earlier all that prophets Moses heed,observe, preserve them. and

needed? Certainly not... But whom say ye that I am? Nevertheless, according to Irenaeus (Irenaeus 3:11, 8; 4:9, 3), Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro ThouAndartSimonthe Christ,Peter theansweredSon of andthe livingsaid.

God gave in succession the four his father in law,... God.

"testaments""from Adam to Noah, And the angel of the Lord appeared And Jesus answered and said unto fire in the of unto out of a flame him Barjona: thou, art Blessed him, Simon to tofrom Moses, from Noah Moses

... of midst bush: a it revealed not flesh hath for blood and Christ, again LordJesus our and by

I said, the surely seen Lord have And is in which thee, Father but unto my in of Christ."the timeJesus And affliction the in of people are which my 16:1517.) heaven. (Matthew

the Savior, beyond the prophecies Egypt,...

that he would be born in the world, Jesus taught his disciples for three little was known by the Jews of the Vol.Reprinted112. No. from2 Millennial Star, February 1950. years, and after his resurrection he

886 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA taught for them that have forty days their more. Men hazarded lives great let sheet from down heaven

for the of... our name Lord Jesus Christ After divine such instructions would full of of all manner fourfooted

it For seemed still to the good they Ghost, Holy revelation? need He etc., beasts, and to us, to and lay upon greater you no

burden these than things. necessary (Acts Peter While thought the vision, on the... commanded them that they should 15:2528.) Spirit said unto him, Behold, three men not depart from Jerusalem, but for wait

thee. seek the promise the of Father, saith which he,

Arise, therefore, get and thee down, and ye have of heard me. Revelation, by heavenly mes-

: with them, go doubting nothing for I have truly For John baptized with senger, water; but dream, by and by the Holy sent them. (Acts 10:1920.)

Photographed from a painting by Heinrich Hofmann ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost Jn the time of the Savior, what of those who rejected him as a... not hence. days many

But ye shall receive power, after that "blasphemer"but tvho acknowledged Moses and the the Holy Ghost is come you: upon and ye prophets? Could they reject Jesus without at the same time shall be witnesses unto in Jerume both

salem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, rejecting the Father who sent him?

and unto the uttermost part of the earth.

(Acts 1:4-8.) Ghost, was also necessary to guide Without this revelation, directing

them in their work; the teachings him to Cornelius, Peter would not

For their work as "witnesses,"and revelations already received did have known that the gospel was to the revelations given to others and not suffice; in a vision, Cornelius be preached to the Gentiles.

even to them preBy revelations, the Apostles were viously were not /\nd now that the heavens have been also guided in their work; at times,

sufficient. opened again, can one reject the by the Lord himself; it was not

Moreover, they Lord's prophet and head of his Church, enough that the Lord should have needed revelation to tvithout rejecting Paul on the way to the Lord who called appeared for the interpretabut, Damascus, directs his him and who work?tion of doctrine: at

the conclusion of the council of saw an angel of the Lord coming to Then spake the Lord to Paul in the night

Jerusalem, it is recorded in the Acts him and saying, by a vision, Be not afraid, but speak, and hold not thy peace:of the Apostles,

with For I am thee, and no man shall... Send men to Joppa, and call for one

to set on thee is Simon, hurt thee: for I have much whose surname he Peter:...

city. in this people tell It seemed good unto us, being assembled shall thee what thou oughtest to do.

with one accord, to send chosen men unto And he continued there a year and six you with our beloved Barnabas and Paul, And Peter in a "trance"saw a {Concluded on following page)

NOVEMBER 1950 887 REVELATION

{Concluded from preceding page) not divine approval, directly or inbe given again; but revelation conmonths, teaching the word of God among directly, through anyone they concerning the calling of the servants of

18:9-11.) them. (Acts in their directing his church, the Lord, them of as sidered the head

to pass, that, I was when it came And furevelation revealing of the the approval and Roman work, I but to while Jerusalem, even again come prayed in the temple, I was in a trance; emperor; and first one and then ture events and the solving of the

And saw him saying unto me, Make the other triumphed, over a period difficulties of the time will always haste, and get thee quickly out of Jeruof more than three centuries, as be needed, in the future as in the for they will salem: not receive thy testithis approval was obtained and lost. past.

concerning me. mony

And he said unto me, Depart: for I will When doctrines came to be inIs it possible to reject the revelasend thee far hence unto the Gentiles. terpreted, not by revelation but by tion of one's time without rejecting

(Acts 22:1718, 21.) disputing councils; when the servGod who gave the revelation? Those

ants of the Lord were no longer who rejected Moses but wanted to

The revelations given to all the chosen by revelation, but by the accept Abraham as a prophet of prophets of the past, the teachings nobility and kings; when they were God, did they, in rejecting Moses,

of the Savior during his lifetime on no longer directed by revelation; reject God? Abraham had not been

earth, his appearance to Paul on and when men often bought resent to them, but to an earlier genthe way to Damascus—all these ligious office, frequently to do no eration. For them, the will of the

were insufficient to direct Paul in church work of any kind; then the Lord had been made known to

his work, and, as needed, the Lord "deposit of faith"was largely lost, Moses, and he had been sent to directed him further. no ordinance escaped manmade them. When they rejected him,

Half a century after his resurchanges, and disunion and intolerthey rejected the Lord who sent rection, the Lord sent his angel unance prevailed everywhere. Ignohim.

to his servant John the Apostle rance, superstition, and inhumanity In the time of the Savior, what (See Revelation 1:1) commanding led to the burning of witches and of those who rejected him as a

him to write the things which he heretics. "blasphemer,"but who acknowlhad "seen"and to send them forth When would revelation be given edged Moses and the prophets?

to the churches of his day. (See again? When the times were ripe Could they reject Jesus without, at

Revelation 1:19.) and when someone with faith would the same time, rejecting the Father

Moreover, these servants of the ask God for it. What would be who sent him? And after the resurLord, like the Old Testament given? That which had been lost: rection of the Savior, could Jew or

prophets, had been chosen directly the authority of the priesthood, the Gentile reject Peter and the Aposindirectly the Lord orby by him, of "dedoctrines rejecting the Father tles without the church—that revelation; for instance,by faith,"posit of the that no one the Son? any and

Now there were in the church that was longer knew, the government of the And now that the heavens have at Antioch certain prophets and teachers; church, the choice of its servants, been opened again, can one reject

and their divine direction. Of the Lord's prophet and head of his

As they ministered to the Lord, and these, the authority of the priestChurch without rejecting the Lord fasted, the said, Ghost Separate Holy me hood, the doctrines and ordinances who called him and who directs him forBarnabas Saul and wherethe work unto I have called them. of the church and the church govin his work?

And when they had fasted and prayed, ernment were given to Joseph Smith Men living in the time of Moses and laid their hands on them, they sent and, unless lost, will never need to will be judged by their obedience or them away. (Acts 13:1-3.) disobedience to the will of the Lord

as made known through Moses. In

Thus the choice of the servants the time of any prophet, they will of the Lord, and their direction by be judged by the reception they the Lord in their work, and the inhave accorded to that prophet and terpretation of doctrine were it because his message, was he who all RENOVATION BY SNOWgiven by revelation. even But soon, to In them. sent of the Lord was

in the interpretation of doctrine, By Gudrun Wight the present day, men will be judged all revelation to cease. Thus, was

their of his servants reception A LL things are new; the birch beside my byin the deciding quarrel about bap- ** calling to repentance. them door

tism, neither the bishop of Rome, Is freshly draped in snowy lace;

is lace loopednor other bishop, More wires any on powerline nor anyone In all periods history, of the world's posts, andelse, nor received any council, any revelation revelation needed: has been fences, picket with And fastidious grace.

revelation in the matter, nor, as far interpreting or giving new doctrine;

as known, did they seek it. At the The corner mailbox, like the rows of homes, revelation designating men to be called

in Is smoothly roofed to the shimmering white. of the directing work Lord and the of Nicaea, quarrelingCouncil

street lies glistening, pure The and in If their unthem work; prophecy. and didbishops for a divine not ask touched revelation in all has not periods given been

a kitten's footprints, By evenrevelation, but instead they sought through the of the it is history, world's not because night.

is not willingfor a formula at all to protect, times God guide that would blue as spring's sky is The forgetme-nots;as they thought, the divinity of The air is fresh as mountain nights; his children, but because—as indicated by

parable the of have flawless like this inspires dawn the soul the vineyard—they it, A Christ; and,Jesus having found

frequently rejected to his reclamber toward Anew perfection's prophets and theirthey and opponents sought, heights. fused his to heed commandments.

888 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA COLONIA OAXACA

Martineau went out early in the morning and killed two deer.

5(a s7oei.Ar. aruneaw

the year 1890 a company was Here it was decided that Onavas Arriving at Bavispe they met

INformed by John W. Young and was too far away for colonizing, Colonel Emilio Kosterlitsky, comassociates to build a railroad and since the terrain would not mander of the rurales (mounted

from Deming, New Mexico, to the admit of a wagon road, the trip police) of the district. He told

Church colonies in Mexico and was abandoned, and the homeward them of the terrible earthquake six continue south and west to some journey begun. years previously that had demolport on the Pacific. John W. Young, The men traveled east up a long ished the old town of Bavispe;

a son of President Brigham Young, open canyon to the top of a low scarcely any walls were left standwas an able financier, and his plans mountain range where there was ing. He was asleep in his room

were under way in the latter part plenty of grass and some pine timwhen the quake came, and his pet of the year. He requested Bishop ber, the first they had seen since monkey, feeling the tremors,

George W. Sevey to go with a entering Sonora. They lay over jumped onto his face and woke

small party as far as Onavas on a day to let the horses fill up, and him in time to get out. Eighty of

the Yaqui River in Sonora, with a Martineau went out early in the the inhabitants lost their lives in

Mr. Morris who wished to sell a morning and killed two deer. They the quake. Had it occurred during

large tract of very rich farm land jerked the meat to carry along for the night, it would have about for colonizing purposes. The party food. wiped out the entire population.

consisted of Bishop Sevey, W. R. The next day they reached the The colonel invited the party to

R. Stowell, Peter N. Skousen, and Bavispe River at the ranch of Jose look over the Los Horcones Ranch

Joel H. Martineau. Maria Moreno, about seven miles about twentyfive miles down the

They left Colonia Juarez, Janubelow the town of Granados. He river. He sent a guide along to

ary 21, 1891, and went to Caretas kept them overnight and next mornshow them the way. Here the

Ranch where Mr. Norris joined ing took them about six miles down river runs west with high mounthem. They went by way of the river to see a rich vein of gold tains on the south and high hills

Bavispe, Guachinero, Guasabas, ore. A few years later Peter N. on the north. The river winds

Opasura, and on to a small town Skousen leased the mine and back and forth and cuts the farm called Tepache, where the trees worked it successfully for several land into a dozen pieces; there apwere loaded with ripe oranges. years. peared to be less than two thousand

Here they met Dr. Harrison, an This part of Sonora is covered acres of very fertile farm land. The

old confederate veteran of the Civil to quite an extent with cacti of climate is subtropical and suited

War who had lived here for many many kinds, and nearly all of the to a wide variety of fruit and grain.

years. He said that Onavas, their shrubs are covered with thorns and Near the center of the ranch

destination, was still seventyfive are small, showing this to be a there had been a small house of miles farther on, where the Bavispe desert country with very little rain flimsy construction, and all that and Aros rivers meet to form the and scarcely any grass, very few was left of it were the four forked

Yaqui. cattle, or game animals. (Continued on following page)

NOVEMBER 1950 889 COLONIA OAXACA SETTLED {Continued from preceding page) hundred dollars was spent on roads.

FOR FROZEN MEATS corner posts that held the beams There were now 160 people, 1900 which supported the roof. These cattle, and 1 50 horses in the colony.

FISH, FOWL C'1, forked posts were beside the main On December 25, the town was laid Rencher. Each out by John U. AND GAME Lostrail Horcones.and gave the(TheranchForks.)its name, five acres divided contained block

In addition to the farm land, into four lots, and the streets were there were over a hundred thousand five rods wide. The canal to irriacres of pasture land, quite rough gate would cost about twenty doland broken but wellwatered and lars an acre. The water for culivery fine for cattle. They spent nary purposes was good, and the

land, over the going two days caland facilities of this purchase were their return February on home I Western | r on support about one hunculated to 21, reported. George C. Williams dred families. The temperature locke became interested and later made a seldom reached the freezing point

trip over the property and carefulin winter but was quite warm in it wellsatisfied ly up. sized was He river the along land summer. The frofor protection your Perfect to shape the began ranch and irrigation with very fertile and was! with meats, zen and game

it. affairs his could so he buy He of wheat, crops bumper produced locks fish,LOCKERAPfowl WESTERN

in flavorful juices and natural enlisted the aid of John C. Naegle corn, cane, sweet potatoes, and

color of your choice freezerin its purchase. For a year it was many other kinds of semitropical

cuts. against stored..guards people, discussed and by the finally fruit.

tasterobbing subfreezing temcolonists of decided quite a number flaOn March 11, 1894, the ward peratures... retains putaway

vor and freshness. to move to that place. There was was organized with Franklin Scott

the mountain, across road no wagon Williams George C. as bishop and is LOCKERAP WESTERN task to a formidable it was and counselors. H. Langford, and James used operators by smart locker

and housewives throughout the build one from the Caretas Ranch The auxiliary organizations were

River, a distance the to West. frozen Bavispe your meats, Wrap of schoolhouse organized. of also A

fish, fowl and with game over miles. This twentyfive was built, teachers two brick and was

... the right wrap WESTERNright, divide continental the and was very sixty to the teach employed were it at for your Ask LOCKERAP.

it in solid rock. of steep, The much occurred deaths grocer's three pupils. plant. or locker Only

party was outfitted with tools and in four years. The colony prospered

supplies sufficient to last a month in a way after the first years of on the road. The Williams party hardship in digging canals, buildleft his ranch on February 20, 1893, ing homes, and getting the farms

and was joined by others as they into production. The cattle incame to the other colonies. dustry also helped the people with

The road over the mountain is milk, butter, and cheese, and the very rough, especially going down sale of beef cattle.

on the Sonora side, which is several.While the people were getting

thousand feet lower than the Chiestablished, they had not been able huahua side. The grades were into keep up their payments on the

credibly steep, but all went down land, were made demands and when to help colorful guide FREE without accident. meet, that not he could preon Williams protect and you prepare,

serve your quickfrozen foods. Upon reaching the river at San the word went out that Colonel

to Western Write Waxed now of the Bavispe and people Miguel, confisKosterlitsky coming to was Portland, North Co., Paper

in a celebrajoined them Basarac will individual property copy all of the Your be cate Oregon.

mailed at once. tion of honor to welcome the men of the people. When the people

who really brought wagons over received word that he was coming the rugged mountain, the first ever to take their land and personal seen in the Bavispe Valley. The property, the suspense was great,

distance from San Miguel to Los for Colonel Kosterlitsky was not

Horcones was about fifteen miles, only the man who had sold them and soon they landed there, about the land, but was also chief of the one hundred people in all. gendarmes of that part of Sonora,

In 1893 the farms were surveyed and his word was law in that reby the author, who also laid out gion. The stake presidency were

the main canal, built at a cost of unable to go and attend to the mateighteen hundred dollars; then the ter, and Orson P. Brown was sent.

high water took out the dam, causThis is his account of the meeting:

dollars. loss of ing a seven hundred WESTERN CO. PAPER WAXED after next day "The my arrival PORTLAND LEANDRO at a ditch extended was The cost of at colonel the with about ANGELESSAN LOS Oaxaca,

five hundred dollars, making a total twenty men, including the president cost of three thousand dollars. Nine (Continued on page 892)

890 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ()OneUTOCO place

.. identified by this emblem, for complete,

allaround winter service, done with expert "knowhow."

One stop

.. for a complete winterizing that is fitted,

to the individual needs of your car.

job

assured by experienced men at your

Utoco dealers, who have been trained to give you superior service.

See yur utoco Dealer for Super/or Products anJService UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY—41 st Year of Progress

NOVEMBER 1950 891 Colonia Oaxaca Settled

{Continued from page 890) and judge of Bavispe, came down to

Oaxaca, and the settlers were all called together in the little schoolhouse. The colonel arose and said:

"'You people have not made your payments on these lands, and we are going to confiscate all of your personal property, together with your improvements. Unless

these payments are made within ten days'time you can walk out of here.'"Then Parson Williams, in a very excited and rabid manner, abused the people and told them that because they had failed, it had made him fail in his payments. I

then asked the colonel what his legal status was and who had given him such executive power to confiscate this property without having given them an opportunity to appear in their own defense.

"He said, 'The judge has the document and is going to execute judgment.'The people were very

much excited, but I said to the colonel, 'Let the judge read the document and let us see what it contains.'I told the judge, 'Please

read the document you have/ "The judge arose and read the document, and when he got through,

I found that it was an embargo on the property of Parson Williams @3S% only, and that he was responsible to the colonel for the deal of the land. Then with considerable

emphasis, to counteract the audacity of their plans, I spoke. I said to the mSMh colonel, 'Apply the confiscation

where it belongs, but in the name

I defy you or Williams use Cinch cake mix.. of justice

or this court who have brought here

IT'S REALLY COMPLETE! your plans, to place their hands on

CINCH already contains every any part of this people's property.'Then I turned to the people and

high quality ingredient necessary said, 'Brethren, rest on your arms.

for a perfect cake. You add only I am here to defend your interests

water. For a finer, easier, thriftier against these impostors who have

cake... Bake CINCH. come to take from you that which

is yours.'4 DELICIOUS FLAVORS WHITEGOLDEN-SPICEDEVIL'S FUDGE "Wrth cursing, Colonel Kosterlitsky arose and said to his men, 'Vamonos, vamanos.'I followed

him to the door, and he went with

Williams toward his home. I

turned to the brethren and told "Millions ol CaKes *i& them to be calm. 'The devils are

whipped at their own g-ame,'I said.

I am going down and prod the 1950 CINCH PRODUCTS INC lions in their own den.'

[Concluded on page 894) 892 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BOOKS AT THEIR BEST Make your Christmas book selection now while stocks are complete

New Books

"*3L

lY/ncient 'ynen'ca and THE BOOK.. MORMON

BIBLE STORIES For ANCIENT AMERICA THEMES OF THE

Young Latterday Saints and the Book of Mormon RESTORED GOSPEL By Dr. Milton R. By

By Hunter Dr. Sidney B.

Emma and 4.00 Sperry 1.50 Mart 2.75 Petersen S. Thomas

Ferguson A compilation of Dr. Sperry's enEvery L.D.S. family will want a copy. Contains wonderful new material conlightening articles on timely religious

Revised and enlarged. New and old cerning ancient civilizations described subjects. Published in book form by

testament stories. Newly illustrated. in the Book of Mormon. popular request.

ALSO MISSIONARY CLASSICS BRANCHES OVER THE WALL, by Ora Pate Stewart AMERICA BEFORE COLUMBUS

The fascinating story of Book of Mormon peoples $1.00 CUMORAH'SBy Dewey FarnsworthGOLD BIBLE....$5.00

FAITH LIKE THE ANCIENTS, by N. B. Lundwall By E. Cecil McGavin $2.25

A collection of faith promoting stories 52.75 ByDISCOURSESDr. G. HomerOF DurhamWILFORD WOODRUFF$2.50

A STUDY OF THE GOSPEL, the Way of Happiness GOD'S COVENANT RACE by A. L. Cook James H. Anderson $2.00

An account of enriching our lives by living the gospel $2.50 ByGOSPELDr. JohnINTERPRETATIONSA. Widtsoe $2.25

HIS MANY MANSIONS S. Howells CHRISTMAS SPECIALS RulonLATTERDAY PROPHETS SPEAK....$2.25

PRINCE OF UR By Daniel H. Ludlow...$4.00

By Gates and Widtsoe Specially ORSON PRATT'S WORKS

By Orson Pratt $2.75

Priced PRICE COMMENTARY OF GREAT THEMES, GOSPEL....$3.00 R. Hunter Dr. Milton By AND MAN i PEARL THE DRAGON—RESTORATION ALL THINGS OF

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe By Joseph Fielding Smith $1.75

TEMPLES OF THE MOST HIGH BRIGHAM YOUNG, THE Qfi* By N. B. Lundwall MAN OF THE HOUR #OC TREASURES TO SHARE $2.50

By Leah D. Widtsoe By Melvin Westenskow $2.00

ORDER BY MAIL OR FROM YOUR LOCAL BOOK DEALER

BOOKCRAFT SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH Publishers of Fine L. D. S. Books 1186 SO. MAIN STREET

FT, I If7= NOVEMBER 1950 893 Colonia Oaxaca Settled {Concluded from page 892) "Some of the brethren were fear-

I ful for said there safety, but my THINK OF IT! for danger, no they was were

whipped, and I walked down to where Williams and the colonel A GENUINE and their men were cursing because

ONLY their plans had failed. As I walked

into the house, Williams turned and MOLLER ran out of the back door. It was

arranged that no further action $3750. would be taken until President PIPE ORGAN

INSTALLED* Ivins was at liberty to come and settle up the affair."

Later President Anthony W.

Ivins was able to settle the money due on the Oaxaca property, but there existed considerable friction among the settlers, and as time passed, it seemed to increase rather than diminish. In 1898, Elder John

W. Taylor, of the Council of the

Twelve, Presidents Ivins and Pratt of the stake, and Orson P. Brown

went to Oaxaca to try to settle their difficulties. After holding

several meetings and finding it impossible to bring the people together, Elder Taylor made the following prediction:

"I once owned a pair of bull pups of which I was very fond. I bought

a piece of venison and gave each pup a piece. They each took hold

of their piece, then looked at each other's throats and began chewing each other. A strange dog came

along and got their meat.

"The people here remind me of those bull pups. We came here to

feed you on venison, but you prefer to be like the bulldogs. Now, I

say unto you, unless you repent of your sins and become united, this land will become desolate and unfit for Latterday Saints to live in, and this very house that we are holding this service in will be used as a ranch house and a place for strangers to camp in. I say this through

the authority of the Holy Priesthood I hold, and in the name of

Jesus Christ. Amen."

Most of the town was quite high above the river, and the prediction seemed to be not easily fulfilled, but the floods came and the people escaped to the hills with what earthly possessions they could carry.

Price slightly higher Several years later, the Mexican in the Far West. revolutionists drove them from their

farms. Today there is no Church

organization there.

894 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.!

This Winter

Winter does its best to slip up on your car.

Freezing temperatures slow your starts... sap the

power of your engine. Corrosive combustion

acids—created by winter driving—cause extra

engine wear that can reduce your gasoline mileage.

But you can sail through the winter with flying colors... if you protect your engine with the

winter grade of new Conoco Super Motor Oil.

Upset? f*d Super Protection

Change today to new Conoco Super Motor Oil... proved by two winters'testing in the subzero

cold of the Colorado and Montana mountains..

to be the great new winter wearfighter! Conoco

Super Motor Oil safely gathers up acids and harmful moisture... flushes them out of your

engine when you drain! New Conoco Super

OilPlates your engine... fights winterrust,

inhibits corrosion, reduces sludge.

So, pay no attention to zero temperatures! Get

summertime performance all winter! Lively starts!

Newcar gasoline mileage! Drain and refill with

the winter grade of new Conoco Super Motor Oil..... at Your Mileage Merchant's... now!

Dontfret! rfjfr*"*

5o CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANy

NOVEMBER 1950 895 TODAYS d5uri Shepherdr EDITOR DINNER

Candlelight

Thanksgiving dinner may be as formal or as informal as you like.

The season is festive; natural

decorations lend themselves readily to the idea of feasting; and for an

evening dinner party, lighted candles add a restful finishing touch that is attained in no other way.

Let's set the table for a family dinner party by candlelight, and see what we can learn about fancy fixin's to make the occasion memorable.

Chief cook and waitress in most homes is usually Mother, and this necessitates a meal that can, for the most part, be served at the table.—Photograph, Harold M. Lambert Studios

Happily we dispense with a couple Candles add a restful note to evening dinners.

of courses and wave goodbye to is color the cloth. At any rate, the colorsthe fingerbowls. Here and now (5) Make sure there

we go into consultation with the variety in the vegetables. in tablecloth, china, and centerpiece

cook, and come back with a new (6) Serve foods in season. should either harmonize or be in

direct linen contrast. salad a light or Serve and des- (7) Damask turkey, but venison!idea—not vice cloth. meal, with cloths are a silence laid over a heavy and Chilled Juice sert Tomato

Stuffed Celery versa. Lace, organdie, net, voile, or other

CranberryApple Relish* Now, back to the table. Of very fine cloths are laid directly on

lay the cloth with Roast Venison* Gravy course, a formal dinner cloth is the table. We

Toasted Filbert Dressing* always white, but in this age of the center fold exactly in the center it is large enough Sweet Potatoes new ideas, many types of spreads of the table, and it hangs about twelve inches Fresh Frozen Peas are in good taste, and we might that

Mixed Green Salad choose a lovely lace cloth, a pastel over the edge.

Mince Upsidedown Cake with damask, or even place mats. The What shall we use for a centerSauce* accepted idea is to pick one of the piece? This, at Thanksgiving, may

*See starred items in recipe section. colors in the china, and use it in be created from leaves and frostThere are a few rules around menu

planning which are good to remember:

( 1 ) Never repeat the same food or type of food in a meal, e.g. fruit

salad and fruit dessert.

( 2 ) Never serve more than one stronglyflavored food at a meal.

(3) Serve a mixture of soft and crisp, hot and cold, bland and highlyflavored foods at one meal.

(4) Don't prepare two foods the same way, that is, a creamed meat and creamed vegetable. centerpiece.Garden goodies make an attractive Thanksgiving whetherTablesettingfor formalfollowsor informalthe samedinners.general rules,

896 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bitten foliage, seed pods, nuts, fruits, or vegetables. It is a time

to rearrange combinations of nature's artistry to the heart's content. Leaves and twigs might be

dipped in gold or silver paint and arranged on the table with cranberries and nuts. A large, hallowedout pumpkin filled with flowers or

trailing vines and placed against a background of varicolored autumn leaves is also effective. A silver

bowl full of polished fruit or bright vegetables might look artistic. Such

a centerpiece might also be arranged You girls write us the nicest letters. We Mush with

a gailypaint- basket,in small low a laid directly cart, or on the pride when you tell us how much you like FelsNaptha. toyed

table. It should not contain too great Peek over our shoulder when we open the mail and

a variety of vegetables, nor should it you'll read words like these: "Thank goodness for

than twelve built up to morebe FelsNaptha—absolutely no soap like it—easier for a sitdown in heightinches

I began using FelsNaptha party. Our candles, on the other on my hands—as soon as hand, on each side of the centereach washing made my clothes noticeably whiter—

piece, are tall enough that the flame we have really clean white clothes without bleaching is out of the line of vision. Two - couldn't get a whiter, cleaner wash—can't be beat

about things remember must we the war ( 1 used for washing painted ivoodwork and walls—during are never candles: ) They

unless lighted, and ( 2 ) there must 1 missed FelsNaptha more than anything else."

be at least four but not more than eight candles on the table.

Our menu calls for only four pieces of silver at each place, not * including the dessert spoons which are always brought in with the dessert. The rules are: There are three good reasons why you like

( 1 ) Place silver in the order of Improved FelsNaptha its use from the outside in to the 1. Mild, golden soap.

plate. (2) Place the pieces parallel to 2. Gentle, active naptha.

one another, one inch from the edge of the table. 3. New "sunshine"ingredients

that make whites whiter (3) Knives and spoons are and colors brighter.

placed to the right of the dinner plate, with cutting edge of the Oh, yes! One more—our responsibility

knife toward the plate. Spoons are to you and millions of other women

placed with the bowls up. to keep on improving our

(4) Forks are placed on the left, laundry products so that they the salad fork next to the plate if will always be the best we salad is being served last, but on know how to make. the outside if the salad is served

first. ( 5 ) Serving spoons are always IMPROVED MADE IN PHIL*.

placed on the table, never in the BVW15&CO.

food. ( 6 ) Butter knives are laid either FelsNaptha Soap

horizontally or vertically on the side of the breadand-butter plates. BANISHES "TATTLETALE GRAY"

The salad plate may be placed at the left of the forks, or just above the napkin, or at right of the knives, or above the dinner plate.

If a breadand-butter plate is used, V/,< it should be placed above the forks,?

and the salad plate must then go (Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1950 897 Dinner by Candlelight

{Concluded from preceding page) in one of the other suitable places.

Dinner plates, for our informal family service, may be placed at indiStar-Kist ANY BRAND vidual placings or stacked in front

Tuna AT ANY PRICE oftablesthe arehostusuallyfor meatpassedservice.aroundVegein

The milder flavor Compare it with any bowls. Our appetizer, on a service

of StarKist Tuna. brand you may choose plate, will also be on the table at

individual places before the guests are seated. THEN DECIDE That's done. Now, if we fold

the napkin into a square or rectangle

Prove it to your own satisfaction! and lay it to the left of the forks,

StarKist Tuna is MILDER because MILDthen place the water glass above is a natural quality smaller of the NESS tuna. the tip of the knife, our table is

smaller, Only these tuna are packed MILDER,

Under the StarKist Tuna labels. complete. Water is poured and

butter put on the table just before everyone is seated.

Light the candles—dinner is Buy a can

served! of:S$%$$ feWTuna AppearPack byside,cor,e at any price! l?*lmiov.Side;

FOODS FOR

f* Guaranteed bv T )H//>'Cood Housekeeping H H JLamJ'i'iyi"iM'iM""—FANCYi'u SOLID PACK or CHUNK STYLE, jreadtln. cl

'lumnea Both are the same fine StarKist quality!

r,

Roast Venison with Herbs

Grate 1 clove of garlic into 3 tablespoons salad or olive oil. Add x/i teaspoon sweet marjoram and let the mixture stand 15 minutes. Then rub it on

to the roast and sprinkle with salt.

Roast at 300 F., allowing 30 minutes

to the pound for medium welldone roast.

Toasted Filbert Dressing

2 quarts dayold bread cubes 1 cup filbert nuts, coarsely chopped 33 cup fat, butter, or margarine 14 CUP finely chopped onion

salt tablespoon SALT LAKE CITY Y2 HOTEL 1 cup celery, chopped UTAH poultry seasoning tablespoon Yi Manager MAX CARPENTER, 1 or hot water cup meat stock {Continued on page 900) 898 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Half a billion dollars at work for you

This picture shows what Standard of Caliproducts good and have bought more and fornia has spent, since the war, on facilities more of them. You've made us grow. A large

needed to bring you more and better petroshare of our profits each year is turned back leum products... and to compete with other into the tools which mean still better prodoil companies in this extremely competitive ucts and more efficient service for you. And,

business. perhaps even more important today, the tools

But... what else has this money accomwhich give much added strength to our nation.

plished?

It has helped every community in the West... created jobs in many industries and made

those of our own people better. The money

has spread to other businesses, large and small, and to every profession. Homes have STANDARD

been built, automobiles purchased, educaCMPANY tions planned and started for many of the CAllfORHhRikffj

West's young people. p,ans ofteorf4 tok.

We point this out to show how big com5rvyovbetnter panies make money work for everyone. And,

certainly, the public must share the credit..

for the public alone can make a company big.

Over the years, you have found Standard

NOVEMBER 1950 899 Foods for Feasting

{Continued from page 898) CONNSONATA Saute filbert meats in fat until lightly

THE ELECTRONIC ORGAN browned,from fat. stirringSaute onionsconstantly.and celeryRemovein

fat until clear, but not brown. Remove

Now Sold in Utah and Adjacent Areas by from heat, add seasoning and filberts.

Mix well. Combine with bread cubes

and toss lightly. Add stock or water

until as moist as desired. Dressing

DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY should have a crumbly quality.

The CONNSONATA is the elecBraised Venison in Sour Cream tronic organ which produces true 2 pounds venison pipe organ tones. It has no moving 341 cupclovebacongarlicfat

mechanical parts, and cost of oper- 1 cup diced celery ation and upkeep is amazingly low. 1 cup diced carrots

Yl cup minced onions Call at our store for a demonstra- 2 cups water tion by MR. GLEN PRATT of our 11 baycup tartleaf fruit juice

organ department or write us for 1 teaspoon salt full information. 4 tablespoons butter

4 tablespoons flour 1 cup sour cream

Cut venison in 2-inch pieces. Melt

bacon fat in heavy frying pan; add

meat and garlic, and saute until brown jbayne* IfVluUc Co. on all sides. Arrange meat in 2-quart

JT 4547 SO. fJlRin ST.. SRLT LRHE CITY ""] onionscasserole.in fryingPut pan,celery,cover,carrots,and cookand

2 minutes in remaining bacon fat. Add

water, fruit juice, bay leaf, and salt.

Pour mixture over venison, cover and bake in slow oven (325 F.) 30 to 60

minutes, or until meat is tender. Melt

butter in frying pan, stir in flour, and when well blended, add liquid in which the meat has been cooked, stirring constantly until mixture thickens and boils.

Add sour cream and more salt if necessary; mix well. Reheat sauce and

pour over meat and vegetables. Serve

immediately.

Venison Pot Pie

2 pounds venison 2 cups cooked carrots 1 cup cooked peas 1 onion, cut fine 1 clove garlic, if desired salt flour and water mixture

Cut venison into 1-inch pieces and brown them in heated shortening. Add

just enough water to cover, and simLUMBERJACK SYRUP GIVES YOU mer until tender. Add the carrots,

THAT "OLD TIME MAPLE FLAVOR"peas, onions, and garlic. Season with

—SO ECONOMICAL, TOO! saltenoughand liquidadd thickening,to cover. Puthavingmixturejust

into a baking pan, cover with biscuit

(NALLEYS; ITS GOOD is well done.LUMBERJACK SYRUP dough, and bake at 400 F. until pastry

CranberryApple Relish WITH EVERYTHING YOU EAT WITH SYRUP 4 cups cranberries 2 apples, washed and cored 900 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 2 oranges 1 lemon 2 cups honey

Put cranberries and apples through food chopper. Quarter whole oranges

and lemon, remove seeds, and put through chopper. Add honey and

blend. Chill in refrigerator a few hours

before serving. Makes \]/2 quarts

relish which will keep well for several weeks if refrigerated.

Cranberry Conserve

She's finding out, the hard way, that there's no halfway quality in tuna! 4 cups cranberries

cups 2 honey She bought a substitute instead of insisting on xx$IJ$l2"J{Jft/\ 1 cup water 1 cup seeded raisins...and her favorite "party"tuna dish was a flat failure! Be sure that every

33 cup orange juice Grated rind 1 orange tuna dish is a success...by getting this famous"Bite Size"tuna every time!

1 cup chopped walnuts

Cook cranberries in water till skins pop open. Then put through a sieve.Add honey, raisins (cut in pieces with THERE'S NO HALFWAY

scissors), orange juice, and rind; cook

together 15 minutes. Remove from heat and add chopped nuts. Pack in QUALITY

sterilized jars. Makes 1 quart.

CranberryCabbage Salad IN TUNA! "USS*U 'N SOYBEANADDED C 3 tablespoons gelatin

% cup cold water THIS fAMOUS TUNA ALSO AVAILABLE 1 cup boiling water IN SOLID PACK *l4J|H|p0jNff'* cups 232 jellied cranberry sauce 2 tablespoons lemon juice Y2 teaspoon salt Trademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island. Calif.

iy2 cups shredded cabbage Soak gelatin in cold water five minutes, add to boiling water and stir until dissolved. Place cranberry sauce

in saucepan over low heat and whipuntil smooth. Then add dissolved gelaIMPORTANT MEN

tin to cranberry sauce and stir. Remove from heat, add lemon juice and * Writing of

salt. Chill until slightly thickened.

Fold in cabbage. Pour into individual Important Events!

leaf molds and chill. Serve on endive;

garnish with mayonnaise and chopped Writers such as Thomas L. Stokes,

nuts. Robert Ruark, Paul Gallico, and

Steamed Cranberry Pudding Robert S. Alsop truly are men of

importance, writing of important 1 egg events every day in The Salt Lake. cup molasses 34

34 cup honey Tribune, 1 teaspoon baking powder Y2 teaspoon salt Readers of The Salt Lake Tribune have come to expect this high 34 cup hot water calibre of background reporting. These men, plus a host of other

1 cup coarsely cut cranberries topflight writers, have earned for The Tribune a deserved repu34 cup chopped walnuts 134 cups fine wholewheat flour tation in the American newspaper field.

or 134 cups white flour and 34 cup wheat The exclusive presentation of such outstanding columgerm nists is another reason why The Salt Lake Tribune is known as "One of America's Great Newspapers."Beat the egg until light and foamy;

then add the molasses and honey gradually and beat well. Gradually

siftedadd ingredients dry to egg mixalt itikt %iibumture. Stir in hot water quickly. Fold

in cranberries and nuts. Fill mold twothirds full. Cover tightly and steam

\Yl hours. (Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1950 Foods for Feasting

(Concluded from preceding page)

Mince Upsidedown Cake T "tablespoons butter cup brown, sugar noon 2 cups mincemeat cost tablespoons 3 butter or shortening at less

Vi cup brown sugar 1 egg cup sifted flour than ordtaar* cup wheat germ teaspoons baking powder flooring-- />: Hm Few grains salt l- cup milk W#*

teaspoon vanilla SO SIMPLE!

Butter deep pan with first amount of butter and sprinkle brown sugar...you can lay it yourself

over it. Arrange mincemeat over bottom of pan. Cream shortening and The answer

sugar, add beaten egg yolk. Sift dry todreamsall yourof a

ingredients together and add alternatebeautiful tile ly with milk and flavoring to first mixfloor is

Aswhite. HAKO fold in beaten ture. egg Then *?{ phalt Tile. A in bake fruit and over into pan Turn resildurable,

moderate oven (350 F. ) about 45 ient, economminutes. Serve hot with sauce or ical flooring,

whipped cream. featuring modern new pastel

and standard colors in endless (Note: Venison recipes are taken from patterns and combinations.

"Venison, Its Care and Cooking,"a Your floor can be the delight all of friends. and envy your bulletin the Extension published by

tile is asphalt factory HAKO Agricultural Service, Utah State its clean, to easy retains Colwaxed, lege, Logan, Utah. Copies may be obbright beauty. See your friendly

tained from the publisher.) lumber dealer today and learn

how you can enjoy a beautiful custom floor at less cost than ordinary flooring.

FACTORY WAXED

BLUEPRINT ASPHALT TILE USED WHEREVER BEAUTIFUL FLOORS ARE DESIRED! CLABBERTHE BAKING POWDERGIRLWITH FOR

T H E ffaUbKGeaC DOUBLE ACTION Ask your friendly Lumber Dealer

HUIMAN * COMPANY TERRE HAUTE, INDIANA

MORRISONMERRILL& CO.

BUILDING MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS 205 NORTH 3rd WEST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Ind Ujlour Boise, Twin Falls, Pocatello, Idaho, Reno, Nevada

MANNERS

and, jAjbnmjuufA* M<[oregestedthanthatoncebeautywe ishavean insidesugPIKES PEAR

Also Costumes job. It cannot be purchased at the FLOUR

or the dress counter cosmetic shop. With FOUR For All Occasions evidences Although many outward

reflect it in our lives, it is condiExtra Baking tioned by attitudes and habits. Advantages

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. Among these, and high on the list, SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS

248 So. Main St. Dial 3-1031 is courtesy.It pays to be courteous. Why? Salt425 WestLake 5thCity,SouthUtah

Well, people don't like us unless we 902 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA treat them courteously, and we are happiest when we are wellliked.

It pays to be courteous because courtesy prevents us from saying and doing things that will reflect on our families and ourselves;

courtesy keeps us from being loud and coarse and crude; it gives us

a sense of personal worth and dignity.

Like grooming, like hair culture, like diet, good manners must become a habit to be effective. And

where may we practise these lessons in thoughtfulness until they become habitual? Why, at home,

of course.

To greet others in the family pleasantly first thing in the morning or on returning home at night;

to say please and thank you and ALL FINISHES excuse me; to respect the personal

possessions of others and their right ALL SIZES to privacy; to offer assistance in

many home tasks and so lighten the burden of others; these are "earmarks"of courtesy. And those who BENNETT'S

have learned to be at home in the 65 WEST FIRST SOUTH SALT LAKE CITY 1 world at large are those who have—and at Bennett's Branches and Dealers

first learned the meaning of social acceptance in the family circle. (1

"Every action done in company ought to be with some sign of respect to those that are present,"

George Washington once wrote. 1

Perhaps we might well conclude that everyone is company, and therefore every action done at home ought to be with some sign of respect to those that are present.

Courtesy is not an outward show of manners; it is a quality of the

heart. It is said to be "love in little things."Strangely enough, it is

not our knowledge of the formal rules of etiquette which reveals our true stature, but our little habits of This year as always, the Book of unselfish consideration. A girl may Books is the gift of gifts. Espeuse the wrong fork at a dinner cially if it is a National Bible...

party, and still be judged leniently finely printed and beautifully by her comrades, but if she daily colors—orbound in onein theof traditionalthe strikingblack.new

appears at the dinner table looking slovenly and unkempt, her friends BELOVED or Teachers. No. 254 X Reference

will not truly believe that she has KING JAMES Indiabold facePapertypeedition.with combinedFully flexible,Conlearned courtesy. VERSION cordance Bible Dictionary and Helps.

ideal for The qualities of courtesy—kindFor Students. No. 123 Text Bible. Designed helps andgiftsillustrations.or awards. forManyyoungpagespeople—of

ness, patience, good temper, generHome, Lectern or Pulpit. No. 452 with large, easy to read

crystalclear type. leather flexible genuine Morocco grainosity, humility—these are the tools covers. Also Christ with Concordance, words of and

with which we build true popularin red.

ity. They are the essence of real

and lasting beauty. SINCE 1863, AMERICA HAS BEEN ASKING FOR

*George Washington's Rules of Civility and Decent Behavior in Company Conversation. and Edited

by Charles Moore. 1/Ji national bibles York, HoughtonMifflin NewCo. 1926. WHEREVER BIBLES ARE SOLD

NOVEMBER 1950 903 LCV-V<-t<-tf<>--'-<'-*!-VVV?"-

Jonic for \Jitr JimeS BY RICHARD L. EVANS

VSfiTH false philosophies, worldshaking weapons, and unwelcome world events added to all our other perennial and personal problems, men's fears are multiplied, and men's hearts fail them—and it is apparent that

we need a tonic for our times. And whatever else may

go into the making of this muchneeded tonic, it must be faith full of faith—faith in the future, faith in ourselves,

in God and in life's ultimate objectives. And to be effective our faith must bring us to face this fact: that there

isn't enough time in any man's life to worry about all that could or might happen. The things that could happen are

so numerous, and the chances of choosing the right worry at the right time are so slight, that attempting to worry about all possibilities and probabilities isn't even a good gamble. Furthermore, much of what actually does happen,

happens too fast for worry. But suppose the worst were

to happen. Suppose that some brilliantly stupid mortal

were to blow up the whole world. Still, as Thomas Carlyle

observed, "The crash of the whole solar and stellar systems could only kill you once."And we take our chances on

in many being killed once—often, and every day, and

ways. Another fact for our faith is that there are limitations to what man's dangerous mixture of brilliance and

stupidity will be permitted to do. This is a universe of

BIND YOUR law. And the Administrator of all things will not permit

his ultimate purposes to be set aside by mere man. And

would not be essentially difERA nomatematterimmortalwhen expectancyor how we should leave this life, our ultiferent from what it is and always has been. We should

Preserve each issue for perand his wisdom in and mercy where, our still pursue ways manent binding.

take is to us. The pleased of us all Father the purpose,

still creation keep the Creator of intelligence power and It makes a fine addilet's get times, for our a tonic as so, its course. in And

tion to any library, down to work and down to sober sanity, with repentance both for value of confor the past and with faith in the future, and see what we can do to hold the world together in our time—for it is

tents and appearstill the best place any of us can remember ever having ance. lived in.

Copyright, King Features Well Indexed Jke Jpohen l/l/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

Economical PRESENTEDCASTINGOVERSYSTEM,KSL ANDSEPTEMBERTHE COLUMBIA3, 1950 BROAD- $2.50 per volume

F.O.B. Salt Lake City

(Postpaid, add 30c) VALUES Send your ERAS for binding to By Inez Sheldon Tyler For hands that builded them were strong and true.

XTot subtle folk these forebears, yours of a later generation Veneerings mine, and DESERET NEWS PRESS shabbily in dingy rows; Are standing they had love for warm and human But

things: No one to give them love and veneration,

A cornice wrought in simple gracious line The added value time alone bestows;

40 Richards St. Without extravagance; a roof that clings Not subtle folk... or were they?... I'm

Salt Lake City Caressingly; wide sill and beam and rafter, not sure;

Such only as the oldtime builders knew, The warm and human things are what

THgngTwmt iMNiiMiiMiimHiiMiiMii | |ii||H III Designed to last a hundred years thereafter, endure!

904 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CAN YOU TURN YOUR BACK ON FARM LIABILITY RISKS?

Modern business methods can relieve you of the many risks involved in running a farm or ranch. General America's FARMER'S SPECIAL

BLANKET LIABILITY POLICY is a one package policy, to which supplements may be added providing insurance tailored to your particular needs.

IT CAN GIVE YOU THIS MULTIPLE PROTECTION:

AGAINST damage claims by employees, guests, AGAINST damage claims rising out of the opor the public. (Automatically pays up to $500 eration of vehicles.

medical costs to each person injured.) AGAINST a multiple of unforeseen damage

AGAINST many losses of livestock and farm (This isclaimsnot intendedand losses.as a complete description of this insurance plan.

machinery. For full details, see your General America Agent.)

If you cannot conveniently locate a General America

AGAINST practically any loss of household and Agent, further information about this plan may be writing of General Companies, America obtained by personal possessions. Building, 8 Branch, Excelcis City Salt Lake West Second South Street.

General America Companies is one of the largest and strongest capital stock insurance organizations in the nation. Service and branch offices throughout the United States and Canada.

General Insurance Company of America teEncoJ FirstGeneralNationalCasualtyInsuranceCompanyCo. ofof AmericaAmerica

H. K DENT, Pre*. HOME OFFICE: SEATTLE, WASHINGTON

NOVEMBER 1950 905. ) ) ) )

TODAYS FAMILY

Illst flW HARVESTPUMPKIN Piggybank: Each guest

is given ten hazelnuts as a share in the Thanksgiving har- # vest. He must prove his industry

-5P by depositing as many of them in the bank as possible. The bank is

a miniature pumpkin (of dime store variety), placed at one end of the 4 *,'* room so that the wall may be used *>.*>/

s* as a backdrop. The depositor must

stand a given distance away and toss in as many nuts as possible.

The winner gets a bag of chocolate dollars. He who gets the least in

is a wastrel and is penalized by having to gather up all the nuts on the floor.

Gumdrop Creations: Place three

bowls on the table. In the first put

gumdrops of various size and color;

in the second, toothpicks; in the

JR. PROJECTOR third, small seeds or cloves. Guests

'9.95 are to dip into the bowls at a given

CHILDREN'S STORIES turesignalsomeand objectin threeor animal.minutes Judgessculpillustrated in color.. may select a winner, to be awarded

a chocolate turkey.

THREE DIMENSIONS S-l PROJECTOR Interpretative Dinner: Explain

*39.50 that a friend of yours who has travTo amaze and delight any child eled abroad has brought back some

give ViewMaster Stereoscopes and foreign dishes which you have made

StereoStory Reels. StereoStories are thrilling into a Thanksgiving menu. Pass

children's tales illustrated with actual full color out copies of the menu, written in stereoscopic pictures. Each exciting picture is a foreign tongue, which must be

mounted in a durable 7- scene Reel for easy use ATTACHMENTLIGHT translated into English. The winin ViewMaster Stereoscopes and Projectors. *2.00 ner gets a prize. Example:

Over 400 scenic and children's Reels to choose Nipealppe from. Ask for a Reel list. (Pineapple)

MOTHER GOOSE RHYMES * FAIRY TALES Sgredsni Recsanrebri Sievlo

RUDOLPH, THE REDNOSED REINDEER (Dressing) ( Cranberries (Olives)

RlSTMAS STO RY TARZAN TH E CH Strao Kutyre

STARS ANIMALS STEREOSCOPE COWBOY WILD * FAMOUS Turkey) l2.00 (Roast ADVENTURES OF SAM SAWYER

VIEWMASTER REELS 35c and 3 for $1.00 ( PtostaeoPotatoes ( CarrotsStorrac ( RoneCorn

Kuppmni Epi

(Pumpkin Pie) WRITE FOR FREE CATALOGUE Gratitude: Distribute pencils and

Mail orders promptly filled. Most complete stock of ViewMaster paper with the word "ThanksgivReels in the West. ing"printed down the page. Each

guest should write after each letter a word or words expressing someUTAH PHOTO MATERIALS CO. THE CAMERA CENTRE thing for which he is grateful. Each

27 West So. Temple St. Centre Theatre Bldg. expression must begin with a letter

in Thanksgiving. Have the papers

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH read aloud.

A variation of this game would 906 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SECOND EDITION TIME GAMES AN L L i CHART BOOK

THE ENTIRE PLAN OF SALVATION IN CHARTS!

DESIGNED AND DRAWN BY A MASTER CHARTMAKER.

APPROVED BY MANY TEACHERS, MISSIONARIES, AND CHURCH

LEADERS.

"Why haven't we had something like this before?

It's wonderful—a real aid in teaching the Gospel,"

says a Sunday School teacher. All who have seen

it have been equally as enthusiastic.

THE FIRST EDITION WAS PUBLISHED IN AUGUST, JUST THREE

MONTHS AGO! This SECOND EDITION is larger in size, printed

on heavier paper, and has more charts and information.

be to have guests write a menu, PreExistence The Restored Church (two charts) the dishes of which should begin Creation

Man on Earth The Gospel with the letters in the word ThanksAdam to Now The House ofPlanIsrael giving. Book of Mormon Tracing the Twelve Tribes

Milk Bottle: Someone is selected The Time of the New Testament from Jacob to now

to leave the room. While he is gone, The Great Apostasy

the others think of a word they would like him to guess. When he AN L.D.S. CHART BOOK is about 11x14, with doublepage charts

returns, he must approach different opening up to 11 x 28—almost wall size! Printed on heavy

members, and they will make a paper.

statement, substituting the word "milk bottle"for the chosen word. Price $1.00 postpaid.

From their statements he must guess the secret word.

Crazigrams: Ask everyone to Another SECOND EDITION Special Purchase of an

write ten different letters on a slip JUST OFF THE PRESS Edition Remainder WHILE THEY LAST of paper (x and z excluded), then pass it to the next player. He must SCIENCE & RELIGION THE GOSPEL PLAN

write a sentence, beginning the AGREE by Milton Jenkins Jones words with the letters on the slip, stepby-step by Milton Jenkins Jones outline the of The used in the order written. Example: disSalvation presented Plan of and

Sentence: yet simply comprehensively. BDHMESATLK. REALLY THE cussed WAS ADAM

Priest in Says a one of the wards exercise; FIRST Better do heavy morning MAN?

surely avoid the lighter kicks. HOW LONG DID IT TAKE TO ofGospelthe Church:Plan as "Wethe arebasisusingfor Theour

It certainly study. of helps EARTH? course THE CREATE or guest, Yes on arrivEach No:

is. to us see the what Gospel

is PREHISTORIC ing, jelly AROUT ten beans, given with WHAT for reference standard book A ANIMALS? MEN AND if that teachers. instructions missionaries and "yes"he many answers

or "no"to any question during the For a really intelligent discussion Fully documented and annotated.

controversial subject, until Special Price Christmas forfeit evening must a he bean to ofread thisSCIENCEvery & RELIGION last that (If they long) the to gets person say it. him who chart of an excellent Has AGREE.

Creation Likewise, he may collect beans from the. Another real Teach69c

ers'Aid. those who slip when answering him. postpaid

Holder of the most beans when the Price: $.35 postpaid (Regular $1.25)

game is over gets a prize.

The 'What? Players sit in a semiSave the postage, buy these books by mail from

circle. Each end player holds some

small object, one representing the other dog and a TEACHERS'SUPPLY COMPANY a cat. When

the game begins, one of the end Visual Aids for L. D. S. Use

players will hand his object to the player next to him, saying, "I found P. O. Box 131—Sugar House Station

the dog."The one he addresses will SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

(Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1950 907 HARVESTTIME GAMES Write to (Concluded from preceding page) to the third, "The dog."The third

say, "The what?"and he will player then passes the object on

DESERET BOOK COMPANY answer,the second"Thepersondog."turns Whereuponto the third, withtime thethe questionsame comment,must be butrepeatedeach

hands him the object, and says, "I back to the beginning of the line found the dog."The third player for answer. The one who has the

Bell and Howell will say, "The what?"Whereupon "cat"object begins the game from

the second player turns to the first the other side of the semicircle at

Special Representatives and repeats, "The what?"The the same time, and fun begins when

and first player answers, "The dog,"the objects pass the center on their and then the second player repeats way around the circle.

Religious Dealer for L. D. S. Church 5> Cr,-r.*&.-r>0.'Gn-&.,<Gr>..-,&<-.<0<-&<<<'

for information h Ti&tvire about Jeachlna wr the i BY RICHARD L EVANS

Bell and Howell CNE of our modern minds is responsible for giving utFilmosound drenterancefor thetoworldthe ideatodaythatbecauseit is uselessthe worldto educatetwentyouryearschilfrom now will be different; and it is useless to educate

16 mm motion picture our children for the world twenty years from now because projector no one knows what it will be like. Suppose that our parand its uses ents and grandparents had assumed a similar attitude concerning us! And yet they could have done so with fully

in ward recreation and as much justification as could we today. It is quite true

teaching programs: that many of the tentative teachings of science are sure to

be altered or abandoned. It is quite true that the social,

full length feature motion pictures h economic, and political patterns at no time remain conreligious and biblical motion pictures % stant.the phasesIt isofveryour livingmuch andmoremanythanofprobablethe thingsthatwithmanywhichof

church (L.D.S.) history we surround ourselves will be very much altered and outif

addresses of General Authorities moded twenty years from now—or even in ten. But this

in sound motion pictures (free) s does not relieve us of the responsibility of teaching our

S the children best of today; it does not what and know we educational pictures h itself, or insociety or parent relieve any home, from any

athletics stilling into the lives of each generation of youth an dancing awareness of the ageless laws of life and an unforgettable home management regard for the timeless truths which will be the same years twenty from or twenty unnow centuries—such short programs alterable as the priceless axioms value of virtue, the mean-

(cartoons, comedies, travel, sports) ing of honor and honesty, the need and blessing of work, free sponsored pictures the knowledge that nothing worth having can be had musicals without effort, the fruits of freedom, the efficacy of prayer, the eternal permanence of people, and the reality of a

A complete catalog and Livingwhat theGodworldin whosewill beimagelike mentwentywereyearsmade.fromNonow,matterhe

handbook will be sent who has these eternal verities fixed in his soul can better without cost or obligation adjust himself to any set of circumstances. But as to the

everadvancing knowledge of the day, of skills and techniques, of sciences and systems, of living patterns,

is DESERET processes, changing, yes, BOOK and and ever COMPANY of professions—it

P. O. Box 958 this will for be. But waiting the socalled is no reason for City, Salt Lake Utah

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH final findings of the future. He who best prepares in the

Please information send about me complete in present is also best prepared to face the future. Howell Filmosound Bell and and Its uses

the programs of the church. Copyright 1950

Name Address Jke Spokenjpoiten lAJordvvora from temple square

Ward Stake PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 10, 1950

908 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Are you sure you're planting deep enough?

You can be sure your messages will take root and grow if you plant them

Hi Bit the modern way—with motion pictures.

And you can be doubly sure your religious and educational films will yield better results if they're shown with Filmosound.

Because Filmosound's built to give you most hours of brilliant, troublefree projection at really low cost! Write today for more information and

for your free copy of our booklet "Teaching Eternal Truths."

SingleCase Filmosound. Weighs only 35V2 pounds Guaranteed for life. During life of

—easy to carry. 16mm sound or silent film. Full, the product, any defects in worknatural sound. With 6-inch, builtin speaker. manship or materials will be remLarger, separate speakers if desired. edied free (except transportation)

You buy for life when you buy Bell & Howell 7177 McCormick Road, Chicago 45, Illinois

NOVEMBER 1950 909

ON THE BOORRACK

it takes ( Concluded from page 866 dential data at a glance. This Nation

1. Is Ours a Land of Destiny? 2. Our Under God grew out of the author's

People Under God. 3. Our Leaders observations and reactions as a deleUnder God. 4. Our Unique Heritage. gate to the conference of the InternaThe third part presents quotations from tional Labor Organization at Philaeach of our thirtytwo presidents, acdelphia in 1944, during which, the

knowledging or petitioning divine author recounts, determined objections

Providence. This part also presents were raised to making reference to the

in the official declaraof brief biographical sketches Deity of name of each to make a water conference. that tion of senator sections of the our presidents. Other The

heater bookcountrysketchin thehistoricallight of periodsthe principlesof our avowsof destinyhis beliefunderin divineAmericaProvidence.as a land tfgtff and forces and factors and philosoWhile many will disagree with some

phies that have helped to shape it as of the social and political and economic - it is. A unique chart is included in the interpretations, few will fail to find inNo rust back of the book containing an imterest in the historical and documented

No corrosion mense amount of historical and presidata found in This Nation Under God.

No leaky tank Longer service WHAT, NO CONE?

Pure hot water ( Concluded from page 835 before he could be loyal to the

Coach, the little worried frown school or to the team. So he algrowing, worked the remaining most passed that exam the wrong

players just a little harder straight way. When he asked for another

Fowler has what throughsteady, butFriday.the Freddyteam waswassagging.getting chance,proving himselfwell, hea gotman!"it. He was

it takes! Every feaSaturday, less than an hour be- "And Boner McDonald has been

ture you demand fore the game, Bill Skerett appeared working on me ever since that day.

plus GlassLining. on the playing field. He joined I passed the special test, so here I

First with Fowler, glasslining is the his teammates in uniform, and they am,"ended Bill. His face was red,

proved advancement that assures luxgreeted him with a yell which but he was smiling.

urious automatic hot water for years to ended suddenly as they remem- "So get the bookkink out of the come. It is Fowler's own way of bondbered. old spine!"grinned Coach. "We'll

ing porcelain with steel inside the tank "Guess you'll be watching from win today!"

for sanitation and longer service. This the bench, Bill,"Sam Miller, team The boys were cheering now as

captain, said. "For a minute I was Coach slapped Bill Skerett on the

rustproof protection is a positive safethinking you were playing."back, hard. Bill felt a new happiguard against tank rust and corrosion, "I am playing, fellows!"ness and confidence as the cheer

regardless of water conditions. It is "How can that be?"Sam quesended with a Tiger, his name the

your assurance of sparkling clean hot tioned? Tiger's tail. He grinned when he

water for every household need. "Wait a minute!"Coach held up saw Boner and Tim sitting on the

Fowler measures up to all your re- a hand. "Bill was so confused he players'bench, each solemnly

quirements for enjoyable, lowcost forgot he had to be loyal to himself munching an ice cream cone.

water heating service. Electric water

heaters supply 5 to 80 gallons. (Table

top models: 30 and 40 gallons.) Fowler

glasslined electric water heaters are MRS. KIRBY'S KIND

backed by the manufacturer's 20year (Continued from page 883) until Mary Kirby got there. "I just

prorated warranty. mitted. "And if you were to ask want to see her sweet face once

eyes, color of I couldn't the her me she goodbye,"had and say more See Fowler at your dealer's or write for

I tell you. But I was know when Kirby whispered. Could Mary full information.

for Philadelphia, so homesick eyes? squinty it have Also manufacturer of

I to cry her shoulder picked was place, the Kirby Well, go by we HEATERS FOWLER WATER GAS she's on, never been farther and I in told myself town. from coming

east than Ohio. But she's lovely. I would pretend to be a stranger and

Anyone would tell you that."really look at Mary Kirby when

"Yes,"I agreed. "Anyway, anywe stopped to visit for a minute.

one on the mesa would."That evening I did. And, just for

And it was the one thing I was a moment, I saw a tall angular citizens rather sure our quarrelsome fell hair over gray whose woman ELECTRIC HEATER WATER Still about. agree would definitely she as squinty eyes FOWLER MANUFACTURINGCOMPANY I remembered old Grandma Ma- '. Portland 2, Oregon S. E Gladstone 2545 calf through milkpen shoved the

son in her last illness, "hanging on"(Concluded on page 912) 910 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it the best way to view

... yes, the best way to view the world is through the clear, uncluttered vision of a conscientious newspaper. There's little

more important than viewing events with the proper perspective, whether the event is in your own town, your own state, at Lake

Success, or in a lamasery in Tibet.

In the Deseret News you'll find the proper perspective on today's world—get a clear view. Ace news and camera reporters

present the home front perspective; AP, INS, wirephoto services,

columnists, and news analysts of high standing bring national and world events into focus.

View your world——the dramatic scene of the whole world—

in the daily and Sunday

First with more than 90,000 Mountain West families

NOVEMBER 1950 911 Mrs. Kirby's Kind

(Concluded from page 910) '1A nouncma theDefinitelygate withhomely—anda friendlythen smack.I saw

my friend, my beautiful friend Mary w Kirby"Your comingnew dresstowardmatchesme, saying,your BRANCHES eyes,"so that I knew I'd been right to hunt for a becoming dress, even

it that it hardly seemed worth the OVER THE WALL #/ though I could spend so little for trouble.

I suddenly found myself by ORA PATE STEWART And feeling a little sorry for Jenny, rather than furious, as I tucked away a

It took 32 readings of the bit of wisdom for my own use.

Book of Mormon, from Jenny, who spent so much on clothes cover to cover, and over a and beauty shops—which is nice if

thousand program lectures, from coast to coast, to produce you can afford it—but who had

this little book. It is designed to do for the student of the forgotten one important thing.

Book of Mormon what Mary Kirby is unusual, but she "GOD PLANTED A TREE"makes you understand about the soul. She is the living explanation has done for the student of the Bible.

of mothers are always why good Simple, concise, and graphic—it will be inspiring to to their children, beautiful for no young. old and

matter how small the spark of good

Itoal 3far Gtyristmaa (Sifts andit andlovelyrespondsthingsto init. us,AndMaryso sees

Ask for I had a comfortable feeling that if Jenny saw Mary Kirby once \\BRANCHES OVER THE WALL"more,us on she'dthe kindagree ofwithpersonthe restMaryof

At your local bookstore ONLY $1.00 Kirby is.

or have your gift copies autographed, Christmas wrapped and mailed FREE of additional charge, to your friends.

Progress in Church Institutes Write to of Religion ORA PAT E STEWART, Midvale, Utah [Concluded from page 882)

BRANCHES OVER THE WALL $1.00

1.00 areas outside the "tops of the moun- D

2.50 tains,"is the Deseret Club. Such a

Gleanings (Poems) 2.50 club is formed on campuses where

1 Talk About My Children 2.00 there are but a few Latterday Saint

students studying. It utilizes that

Address cohesive element of the Church—

City State... that ability of one member to seek

another one out. And once found,

they enjoy studying, playing, and worshiping together. The most recent Deseret Club to be disbanded

in favor of the establishment of an

For Your Reading Pleasure institutefunctioningof atreligionthe Universitywas the oneof

California at Berkeley.

Each Month of the Year instituteA combinationbuilding willwardbechapelcompletedand for use this fall at Albion, Idaho.

In Reno, Nevada, ground has been purchased for an institute building. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Classes this year will commence in

12 Issues $2.50 the house on the grounds, with

Sunday services being conducted

Foreign subscriptions $3.00 in the Reno Ward chapel. And in

Price, Utah, a new ward chapel will be utilized by institute students.

912 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WITH THE -HjuvLiLtom.

AUTOMATIC CLOTHES DRYER No longer need you gamble with the weatherman on washday... (z

With the Hamilton Automatic Clothes Dryer you just flip the switch, toss in your clothes directly from wringer or spinner and, in a matter of minutes, they're ready to iron! Your clothes gently tumble dry in a bath of warm,

clean air, and are taken out soft, fluffy and sweet smelling.

Hamilton, the first automatic clothes dryer, is proved by years of actual performance in thousands of homes and apartments. Available in either gas or electric models.

See one of these Hamilton Dealers for a Free demonstration of this amazing time and labor saver!

UTAH DEALERS

BARLOW FURNITURE COMPANY Clearfield

BLAKE ELECTRIC COMPANY Richfield

BRADLEYBADGER, 38 South Main Salt Lake City IDAHO DEALERS

REED BROTHERS COMPANY, 24th and Kiesel Ogden BINGHAM AND SONS CO. Rexburg and Idaho Falls

ROCKY MOUNTAIN GAS CO., 1212 Beck St Salt Lake City FOSTER'S INC., 816 Bannock St Boise

SOTER'S INC., 51 North Main Midvale LIQUEFIED GAS CORPORATION, 703 So. 8th St. Boise

TAYLOR BROTHERS, 250 West Center Provo ROCKY MOUNTAIN GAS CO Pocatello and Idaho Falls

UTAH APPLIANCE CO., 32 East 1st North.....Provo WILSON BATES APPLIANCE CO Twin Falls, Jerome, and Burley

,:-/-/.-:..

No more lifting and lugging basNo more worry over rain, sleet, No more worry over dust, smok& kets of heavy, wet clothes. wind or snow on washday. or soot that soils clothes.

GORDON E. WILKINS, IRONERS, INC. Intermountain Distributors 142 South Fifth West

Salt Lake City, Utah NOVEMBER 1950 913 <wvrv wk Vvx

PORIM ACTIVITIES IN MALAD STAO

e've driven through Malad, and his bishop arranged a loan fact, these building projects have

Idaho, many times, considerfrom the Church welfare program been close to the hearts of every ing it an area of prosperous for him. He then bought two cows quorum in the Malad Stake.

dry and irrigated farms. But not and 250 chickens. The elders, who A fivethousand-bushel steel granuntil we saw the quorum reports on previously had aided him in finishary was given to Malad Stake memtheir projects did we know just what ing the basement of his home, now bers on the condition that they

kind of neighbors they really were. obtained logs and built him a would move it from the Church

Their projects are the kind that chicken coop. They also took the welfare Deseret Mills & Elevaseldom, if ever, get any publicity, responsibility of hauling hay for tor at Kaysville, Utah. The granbeyond the area where they are his animals. The blind brother has ary was twenty feet high. It

functioning, but on hearing of them, sold milk and eggs and has made took two days to move it to the a person feels good all over. Would two payments towards the retirewelfare center in Malad. The top

you like to take a glance? ment of his loan. But more than half was dismantled to reduce the

From the first quorum of elders: that, he is assured of his place as height. The bottom was hauled inOne of our members had the misfor- a substantial member of his quorum tact. The first day four trucks, a

tune of having his wheat partly frozen. and community. crane, and twelve men went to

To have to pay to have it harvested would The fifth quorum of elders gave a Kaysville, dismantled the top sechave meant very little profit for him. Five turkey supper in the interest of their tion, and moved it to Malad. These

trucks, three necwith thecombines and ward building fund. After expenses men were high priests and adult

all the of the direction underessary men, quorum presidency, pulled into his field and were paid, they had some $1164.00 members of the Aaronic Priesthood.

harvested the grain. It yielded about ten for the new building! The next day, two trucks, a semibushels to the acre. The seventies'quorum—the fiftytruck, and ten men completed movsecond and the three hundred fiftying the structure. These brothers

The second quorum of elders: eighth—have an active interest in were also high priests and adult

A member of our presidency had a spimissionary work "at home and members of the Aaronic Priesthood.

atfor operation. His farmnal was crying in security of the elders seventies joined and The abroad"—andtention. of busy our were members Most their members. Four members priests of the high and adult members raised their crops.caring for own We

funds and had Indian laborers thin the beet the fiftysecond quorum have been of the Aaronic Priesthood in the crop for our stricken brother. Of course aided in building or remodeling twoday job of building the foundawe would have liked to find time to do homes. tion and reassembling the granary

this act of brotherhood ourselves. High priests have participated as at Malad. The entire cash outlay

The fourth quorum for the past a group in the building programs of for the project was one hundred two years has had a member who is the Pleasant View, St. John, Malad dollars, but it taught the value of

blind. This good brother is interSecond and Third wards, and stake living, working, and worshiping toested in livestock, and his quorum chapels with labor and money. In gether.

IS THIS A MEMBER OF YOUR QUORUM?

some of its members write to me once a his presidents wife and small children to serve and quorumBishops month. to the to write are instructed his country:

his is serving country and a man When servicemen from their wards is to overseas, he likes stationed hear from and quorums at least once a month, This letter is written in the hope that others of his same faith. It means so

giving them news of the ward and you may be able to locate an elders'quomuch to receive a letter from someone who that will in Salt City some Lake have faith written yours. as the has I have same to encouraging themquorum; their comofrum write to me. members different letters to quite ones a few I know gospel, of the teachingsply with the

it I into that has the Church, but not read your have been belong where and in general make them feel that structions in the past that the quorum to seems to find time to write me even a postone they still "belong"and that their which an elder belongs should write to card. Among those that I have written

service in the armed forces is apits elders in the armed forces of their to since I have been overseas are the preciated. country at least once a month. Well, it president of the elders'quorum and several

Below is quoted a letter just reappearsis just toothatbusythetoquorumdo that, thatso I Iambelongsendingto membersYour cooperationof the elders'in quorum.this matter will be

ceived from, one good quorum memthis appeal to you in the hope that you can greatly appreciated, if you will find some ber who found it necessary to leave locate an elders'quorum that will have elders'quorum that can find a little time to 914 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

write to a fellow elder in the service of dence from their bishop or quorum memSLOT MACHINES his country. Being an honest tithepayer bers. We later organized an L.D.S. group

really striving to live the or twice gospel of once held meetingsand and a week "industry"slot machine The illegal

Christ, I don't believe asking theJesus of not brethren once and did any I am $9,000,000 in Utah atgrossed more than request. in the these tending ever above meetingstoo much havmention

ing received any such correspondence. in 1949 on the basis of Senate crime

Apparently communicating with investigating committee estimates. If

ward and quorum members in the These young men and women industryUtah operatorsrate of paidtwentythe percentrecognizedof service is not being generally done, may be our own brothers and sisgross for protection against raids, they as the general L.D.S. servicemen's ters, our own sons and daughters. would have forked over $1,826,000 to

committee is receiving letters from We should encourage our quorums local public officials. Did these officials

servicemen advising they have not to see that a program of good, inget for it bribery wads in 1949?

heard from their ward or quorum. teresting correspondence is carried—Deseret News, August 10, 1950

Another writes: on with each member of the ward

who is in the service, also that such

I have just returned from a twoyear tour of duty in the Philippine Islands. I publications as the Church News BREWERS SEE ANOTHER

Itnow several L.D.S. men on duty there and The Improvement Era are BONANZA

"who had never received any corresponsent regularly.

In a cover page editorial headed "War and the Brewing Industry,"the

July 1950 number of Brewers'Journal says: "If the struggle is prolonged

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO preparation)(largely because, we knowof lackthatof everyadvancedelement of the brewing industry will do its part to bring about a triumphal Louumn conclusion of the conflict. It cannot be

of malt brewers our forgotten that (conducted bu &iJr. sro5eph J. em in headon the issue met beverages

World War II. They cheerfully followed every request of the military

authorities, who recognized the need be available for beer and ale to pressure and FOR WHOM SHOULD YOU VOTE? people groups—groups they wherever to the injury soldiers, ends personal were sent—andto our seeking

'"Phis is a general election year in the of the public. What should you as a this need will be met again, with no

United States. On the seventh of voter do? The answer is: Try to restraint."

November millions of people will go find out what the candidates stand for And there you have the brewers'reaction against polls them cast their any ofto the and who you and vote ballots—

in it another favor eligible measures voter would that to the bonanza—anotherKorean War. Theychancesee every should thinkduty or know

feel obligated to discharge. Why? Beinspired by selfishness detrimental to to make millions of dollars and to

cause the United States is a republic, the public good. If you believe in fasten the appetite for alcohol upon

and all units within it—states, counties, private industry, do not vote for a multitudes of boys—exactly as they

cities, towns—are organized upon the socialist. If you do not believe that did in World War II.

principle that the people govern, that monopoly either of capital or labor This flock of human vultures who is, by officers elected by the majority union bosses is good for the country are gloatingly eyeing the prospects of of the peoples'votes. A fundamental as a whole, do not vote for a candigorging themselves on the profits from

of American boysprinciple of real democracy—a kind date who would favor either type the debauchery

their cirwe have in the United States—is the of monopoly. If you do not believe should be hauled down from

right of the majority to rule through that an increase in per capita consumpcling heights and given the same treatofficers elected by them in secret baltion of alcoholic beverages is good for ment as is due all other saboteurs of loting. And there is no appeal from the country, do not vote for a candithe war effort.

this decision until another election is date who favors "sale by the drink."Not one drop of beer should be alheld. This right of the majority to If you do not believe in gambling, do lowed to go to American military

have representative governments in not vote for a candidate who favors personnel, whether overseas or in this

America was won by blood and sacrilicensing slot machines. Do not vote country. To poison the young men

fice freely spilled and made because for any candidate who favors bad laws and young women, as well—who have

freedom was thought to be a prize and little or no enforcement of good been called to give their lives, if need more valuable than life itself. But laws. If you want good, honest, efbe, for the protection of their country

freedom can endure only if free men ficient government, it is your duty, as is certainly the very opposite of will guard it by every means within a citizen, to vote for candidates who, patriotism.

their power. This means is the ballot. if elected, will stand and support this—The National Voice,

Failure to vote is a crime against freekind of government. August 17, 1950

dom. Let every freedomloving citizen In Arizona we believe that "local

so regard it! option"is a good measure to vote for

But freedom can easily be lost by in the November election. If you citiBREWING INDUSTRY STRONG

zens of Arizona also believe this, dothe acts of unworthy officers—by the all you can to get votes for it. If The position of the brewing industry

doings of unprincipled, selfish officials you are residents of Utah and are opremains strong, and this is due more who are so much in love with their posed to parimutuel betting on horse than anything else to the success in jobs that in order to get and hold them, races, do not elect legislature candipromoting consumption of beer in the they become the willing tools of selfish dates who would legalize these things. (Concluded on page 931)

(NOVEMBER 1950 915 Bishops Two Ward Teachers Emphasizing The Set Worthy Example

"Official Call""\Jews of the tragedy spread like a

T Te was a good man, honorable, and prairie fire. A pall of sorrow hung

for communities miles around. over A in his respected community. More

seventy, father, a young had been thirtyfivethan years ago he had

In in to death a mine tunnel.

filled a mission for the Church. Then crushed

his a split second, wife had devotedhe "benched."was

become a widow; his three small chilAfter his long "sleep,"he received

a request from the new bishop of the dren were left fatherless.

to offer help and comcame Who to intoward come the office—there ones, neighloved There were a matter the bishop desired to fort?was

discuss with him officially. It was bors, friends; there were representaeighteen miles office. bishop's to the JAMES "JIM"WARNER tivesorganizations.of the Relief Society, and other go.But he would behad never He

fore been requested to come to a meetTwo humble ward teachers were ing with the bishop. There were ap- A Challenging Record also among the first to call. There

prehensions, but there were quieting was the feeling that these two servants anticipations, too. Another outstanding record has of the Lord had taken seriously their

.. watch over the church Then came the "official call."The come to our attention. calling to ".

always, and be with and strengthen quietly bishopyoung informed him a priest in the Warner, James Fillthem 20:53.) "(D.6C.that after prayer, and through Second the more Millard (Utah) Ward,inspiration of the Lord—"I am giving Stake, has maintained a perfect record Their full responsibility was not in

you an official call to work with the of attendance at priesthood meeting, making but one visit a month. They

adult members of the Aaronic Priestsacrament meeting, and Sunday School were watching over the Church "alhood in this ward. What is your since the first Sunday in August 1945. ways,"not just periodically; they were

answer?"If he had not failed to attend his meetthere to "strengthen them"when they

When he had caught his breath ings on that Sunday, he would have needed strength; they did not wait to (thirtyfive years with nothing to do had a perfect record of attendance at be called upon—they did the calling,

in the Church, then this) he told the these meetings since he was ordained and without delay.

bishop he would let him know in one a deacon. The ward teachers were Martin Jenweek. James is now in the service of our sen and J. H. Mabey, South Jordan

He kept his word; he was that kind country. He should be in an excellent Ward, West Jordan (Utah) Stake.

of man. "Bishop,"he said, as he adposition to teach his comrades in uniTheir example in this matter is well

dressed his presiding officer, "I could form by example as well as by precept. deserving of emulation.

easily have turned you down and very In passing, let us add that if anyone likely would have done, but when you has an ambition to match his record, said it was an 'official call,'I realized it may be accomplished so far as meettion that the prospective members be that if I refused, it would not be you ings are concerned, but to match "Jim"accepted into membership in the quo-

I was turning down—it would be the is another matter—he is six feet six rum.

Lord. I cannot turn him down. I inches tall and weighs two hundred For instance, the quorum president

accept and will do my best."pounds. should present the new member to the

The story is not ended because this quorum, giving as much information good man is giving everything he has about him as the quorum may be into measure make up to good—to

"official call."not is determined his Aaronic Priesthood thisterestedeffect:in, "Ifand youthenaresaywillingsomethingto acto He

to disappoint the Lord, from whom the cept (naming the person) as a member call came through the bishop. Quorums to Receive New of the quorum, please raise your right

If all our ward workers were "ofhand."If all members raise their

ficially called"by the bishop, he would Members by Vote hands, he is accepted into the quorum.

soon discover why he has had so much But if all members do not raise their difficulty previously in manning his TI7hen members of the Aaronic hands, the president should call for ward and in getting the work done. It Priesthood under twentyone a show of hands by those who object

is sometimes easy to turn the bishop years of age move into and are acto the proposition.

down and especially easy to turn the cepted by the membership of the ward, If there are objections, the quorum

Sunday School superintendent down or or when ordinations bring new mempresidency, in company with the bishthe Primary president. But to turn the bers to quorum meeting, the presiopric and the quorum adviser, will

Lord down, that is much different, and dent of the quorum should present hear the objections and take such acour people are very loath to take that such persons to the quorum members tion as the bishopric, the presidency of step. and ask them to vote on the proposithe Aaronic Priesthood, may direct.

916 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J-vepaped bu <=J.ee Af. j-aumer

Adult Members Aaronic Priesthood

More Personal, Friendly Candidates for Ordination to Be Approved by Vote of Saints

HPhere is some indication of laxness in the matter of presenting to the ward

Contacts Needed members individuals approved by the bishopric for ordination to, or advancement in, the Aaronic Priesthood.

\X/e are often asked as to how the This procedure is a directive from our Heavenly Father and should be work among the adult members followed in every ward and branch in the Church without exception. Give

of the Aaronic Priesthood may be more careful consideration to the Lord's words:

effectively promoted.

No person is to be ordained to any office in this church, where there is a regularly

A careful analysis of what is being authorized branch of the same, without the vote of that church. (D. 6 C. 20:65.)

done, and of what is not being done, discloses a woeful lack of personal One of the purposes in presenting candidates for ordination to the membercontacts between the leaders and these ship of the ward or branch for their vote is to provide a safeguard against the brethren. There is too much tendency ordination of persons unworthy to receive priesthood authority.

to assume that because a cottage meetNo bishop or branch president is safe in pursuing any other than the Lord's ing is appointed, or because a deway in the matter of clearing candidates for ordination to, or advancement partment is conducted for them in the in, the Aaronic Priesthood.

weekly priesthood meeting, there is The bishopric's proposition that a certain person be ordained should be little else to be done but to sit back presented to the Saints in a sacrament or fast meeting. The young man should

and wait for them to show up. Exbe sitting on the stand and should be asked to rise when his name is presented

perience has amply demonstrated the for consideration. If there are any objections to the proposition, these should

fallacy of such "day dreams."be heard in private between the bishopric and those raising the objection.

is of cleared the the candidate vote by the members, the ward When care of during the next The fact is, there may be no reason, ordination of of the should meeting be taken quorum for a good long time, why there should which the young man is to become a member after his ordination or advancebe a cottage meeting appointed, or why ment.

there should be a department provided for them in the ward priesthood meeting. There are other things which

should come far ahead of these proDeacons to Use Recommended gram provisions. In fact, these meetLest We Forget

ings are among the last things to be Envelopes and Cards When set in motion. Teach a boy to be a man while

What, then, comes first? not forgetting he is yet a boy. Collecting Fast Offerings

The friendly personal visit in the Tt has come to our attention that, in home; a manifest interest in his welsome instances, deacons are perfare and the welfare of his family; mitted to use other than the regular

visits for social reasons; visits in a loyal friend, a family of them, ready fast offering cards and envelopes for

sickness, misfortune, death; exchangto follow your lead. the gathering of fast offerings. This

ing of help in seed time and in harvest; If there is any one thing more immay be the result of permitting the

a friendly acquaintance with each portant than another in the adult prosupply of the recommended forms to member of the family, old and young. gram, it is the value of the personal become exhausted, making necessary

These friendships are not developed contact, often. a substitution.

requireovernight. months They may strongly bishoprics urge to keep We

firmly are theyon end before estabDon't spread yourselves too thin. a full fast offering cards supply of and

lished. Make more visits to fewer men. A envelopes on hand at all times and to

visit actimes a three year or two these sending use only deacons when lasting the of foundations When little if real good. complishes any It into collect the Saints the of to homes

laid, letfriendships then have been freis of of system a out the working fast offerings month. eachus to of the superstructure proceed visits objective an with which quent should deacon a spebe given Eachcottage in meetings departments and results. bring will cific fast offering envelopes of number meetings. thesepriesthood brethThen

ren will more likely follow our leads, Bishops would do well to increase with the cards enclosed (one for each our invitations. the size of the ward committee in order family) and "checked in"when he rethat more visits, and more frequent turns after making his calls.

The way to influence and win over visits, may be made to each adult It should be carefully observed that an adult member of the Aaronic Priestmember of the Aaronic Priesthood. deacons are not to collect other than

hood is to visit him often, think of Personal contacts, frequent personal fast offering funds.

him often, do for him often and let contacts, are the very beginnings in If the recommended plan is faithfully him do for you often, be interested in this program. Then follows the cotfollowed, it will operate both for the

his family often, pray for him often, tage meeting and the department in protection of the contributors and of and you will soon discover you have the ward priesthood meeting. the young men making the collections.

NOVEMBER 1950 917

THE VITAL THINGS

{Continued from page 881 Mrs. Stevens was at her side, vital to happy marriage, Frances

"That was different. A mission all tenderness, her arm about the common ideals and beliefs. You

sometimes changes a person."slender young shoulders. "I know, have to think alike and see alike

"Which is exactly why I made honey. I know you're really not as on important things. You have to

him no promises."bitter as you sound. You're a litknow each other's heart and soul."

She bent to the mirror, seeing tle hurt at feel neglected. She followed the girl's eyes to Clay—you

herself, eyes wide and defiant, But, honey, that's petty. You the letter on the vanity. "Perhaps

mouth grim, chin set and stubborn. mustn't let yourself get upset so your letters haven't been all they"Oh, Mother—"She flung her you lose your sense of values, lose could be, dear. And you could help

arms out in a little helpless gesture. sight of the really vital things."him so much. A mission is not easy."I don't mean to be so disagreeable. Francie was silent, rigid beneath Why don't you write—

It's just that I feel so mixed up her mother's arm. Mrs. Stevens The dull thud of a car door came

sometimes."went on gently. "Some things are up to them from the street and the

sound of rapid footsteps on the walk. Francie sprang for her coat.

T-Jer spirits rose once more. Sitting

closely beside Wade Evans during the long drive down the valley, she listened with lazy contentment to the low drone of his voice. Wade could talk intelligently

on so many topics—the Far East,

European recovery, communism, party issues. Francie read the newspapers herself and was not afraid

to put in a comment now and then.

Once Wade turned to her with shining eyes. "Francie!"he exclaimed, reaching for her hand.

"That's exactly right. Saay, we

practically think alike, don't we?"

Think alike! The words echoed

in her mind, and she glanced at him closely. The thought hovered in the

back of her mind for a long time things her mother had said. You

must think alike, see alike.

At Anne's it came back sharply when, viewing her tiny sleeping infants, Francie exclaimed rapturous-

U-S-S 17TV is a novel grade of stainless steel developed by United ly, "And both girls! That's what

States Steel—in cooperation with a manufacturer of television sets—to twins should always be."

of the place take heavy, bulky glass in the large conical sections of Anne turned incredulous eyes to tubes. television picture

This specialized material has an appropriate coefficient of expansion, Wade. "Talk about great minds,"

permitting fusing of the glass faceplate and neck to the stainless steel she laughed. "That's exactly what

seal. instead airtight a strong, use 17TV cone with The of U-S-S

. in their Uncle Wade said when he.. resulting of glass onethird reduces of the weight over tube by

important savings in handling, stocking and shipping costs. And the first saw them."

great strength of the stainless steel reduces breakage hazards. Anne chatted on as she led them

for of steel quality all requirements tube not only meets This new price of back to the living room. "It didn't factor the in reducing image, important but has been an

television sets... and thus increasing demand. And increased demand matter to me which they were; I

for in turn means more jobs means to tickled so increased production—which think was I had my

people. more

all entire at family once."is shell tubes for television of the stainless steel development The

one more example of how United States Steel research and development "Entire family! Two?"Francie's

continue activities contributed, and have to contribute, to better voice was teasing, but she meant all of us. business.. better living... for. and her words. "What a stingy little

old family. I'm going to have at

least seven."

UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION Both Wade and his sister fairly

SUBSIDIARIES hooted. "Darling, this is the wrong

age,"Anne cried. "Families don't

come in sevens any more."

Francie was undaunted. "Oh, I

think there are still spirits wanting "There is, Wade,"she cried. HThe house was dark and silent

to come to earth.""Life itself—those little twins. And as Francie tiptoed past her

"Spirits? Wanting to—''Wade when we die. Doesn't the Bible say mother's door and up the stairs to

was regarding her, and there was we return to God?"She knew she her own room. She fumbled on the

no longer understanding in his gaze. wasn't very coherent, but she felt vanity for the lamp. Clay's letter

Anne murmured, "Francie, you're a glowing warmth inside. lay there, unopened, unread. She

it up eagerly.so quaint."Wade bent low over the wheel caught

laughing. "Oh, you funny little She saw with amazement that

Francie felt her cheeks flame. thing, you. You ought to be a misthere were two pages, written on"Well, I meant—"she floundered, sionary."both sides. "My darling Frances know. We at! Francie laughed Yes, be writ-"preexistence—you and so blue be tonight—shouldn't all spirits at one—were

If furiously. Clay! ing Clay thought I'm when discouraged—could Amusement "Preexistence?"tell here, talk could you. so. he Oh, were only you to you—miss is voice. inlurked Wade's "What at too? you, Clay, they laugh do {Concluded on following page)

it."of I neverpreexistence? heard

Never heard of it! It was Francie's turn to stare. Intelligent, well-::.::.;;:;;::;:::::

read Wade—never heard of preexistence? Why, everyone knew

we lived before we came to this earth.

Anne, the perfect hostess, attempted to relieve the tension by remarking lightly, "Oh, you Mormons,"and then began talking of other things. Not to know! The thought struck MAM

Francie with such force that for a moment she could scarcely breathe.

Why, it would be like not knowing about—God. "Hey, Francie, come out of your spirit world."It was Wade, laughing at her. "Anne asked you a question."

"Oh, I'm sorry."

"We were talking about last Saturday night's dance. I said I You can stretch your snow

thought it was the best one of the dollars, as well as your road and year, didn't you? street dollars, by investing in equipCHOOSE THE GRADER TO ment with allround, allyear useful- "Oh, well, of course—"Francie

tried to make an intelligent reFIT THE JOB FROM THIS ness—versatile AllisChalmers

sponse, but her heart was not in it. COMPLETE LINE Motor Graders.

She thought, all this bright talk A-C Motor Graders with Baker "V"Plows They are not tied down to special about such an unimportant event. MODEL BRAKE HP. ENGINE jobs. AllisChalmers Motor Graders

104 AD-4 Diesel 2-Cycle that? cares aboutWho are designed for engineered and

78 Diesel AD-3 2-Cycle on.nothing to agree It isn't—why,That's... toughest as removal snow work Diesel BD-3 78 2-Cycle vital!it isn't even grading, scarifywell as handling 50.5 BD-2 2-Cycle Diesel

"You're so quiet,"Wade re- D 34.7 Gasoline ing, oil mix, ditching, bank sloping.

marked as they drove the long three (Wings available for AD and BD There is a right size to fit your for scarifiers modelsmiles... all needs and pocketbook. Get the ice. models, Also:.for..removingfend you home.about—what"Francie, diddid youwe calloffull story from for D.) your A-C dealer bucket Model snow

your SNOW DOLLARSit?ence—whatReincarnation,was it?"spiritual existNOW!BUY MORE.Make...

"It isn't reincarnation,"Francie protested. "It's just that, well, that LOAD or PLOW SNOW with the versatile Model

we were spirits before even the D... scarify, maintain roads and streets.

earth was created. That's the reaOnly lowcost motor grader with tandem

son it was created, so we could have drive and other big grader features.

bodies and a place to live and—andobey God—"She was doing it

very badly. ALUSI TRACTOR DIVISIONCHALMERS MILWAUKEE 1. U. S. A. "But there's nothing to prove

such a belief, Francie."

NOVEMBER 1950 919 ALADDIN Vital Things The BOOKS (Continued from preceding page) ALL-0-WHEAT "All Ways Better"For Happier This wonderful gospel—If people CEREAL

Best and Most Healthful Children would only listen.—Look at me as if The

I mention the Cereal for Your Family to Eat! THE CHRISTMAS FOREST I'm crazy when

III. Louise Fatio by Roger Duvoisin by Prophet his vision—Feel so

falls happens asleep Santa What when Its DELICIOUS andincapable—and on weak Christmas delivers the presEve? Who flavor nutlike ents delightful? Here Christmas is a Nonsense Story—hilarious when read aloud. Oh, Clay! Clay, darling. Francie contains ALL the

will the Youngsters colorful enjoy gay, of the goodness the see rapidly so could blinked she illustrations of forest Santa's Berry. Entire Wheat friends. $1.25 littleOnly finish. couldn't blurred words. She Kansas A

BIBLE THE CHILDREN OF analysis Laboratory buried lay III. and the page She S. down Yates by Elizabeth by Nora Unwin

1 reveals that pound simple, dramatic retelling of the A in her her hands. face wet has of ALL-O-WHEAT stories of of childhood Bible favorite IT'S STEEL CUT * * * * Characters writer. prizewinning a by the—

Children tales, these will love inspiring which retain, closely possible, as as the il- "Whew!"Mrs. Stevens swayed (These1900areUnitstrue,ProVitaminnatural vitamins)A familiar Biblical language. Beautiful

Milligrams Thiamine lustrations make this a distinguished against the doorway, her gown 1.76

book. Niacin Milligrams 26.50 Only $2.00

THE CHRISTMAS STORY rippling about her ankles. "Your 4.93 Milligrams Pantothenic Acid

III. by Nora S. Unwin light's been on so long. Frances,.452 Milligrams Riboflavin

story of Christ, The the birth of as the by Evangelists, two told what are you doing?"Also mineralrich in proteins,matter andphosphorus,iron. MatLuke and

thew (excerpts from the Scriptures), with a charming foreword by Elizabeth Yates. Her eyes shone and not with ALL-O-WHEAT IS

Nora the story S. Unwin has illustrated

with extraordinarily entears alone. "I'm writing to Clay, DELICIOUS to the Taste beautiful wood

gravings. Only $2.00 and there's so much to tell him NUTRITIOUS to the Body

At All Bookstores or Order Direct about, you know the vital things!"EASY TO PREPARE

VERY ECONOMICAL to use Ask your grocer or local health store ALADDIN today for

ALL-O-WHEAT BOOKS Madison—554 to ALL-O-WHEAT CO. Or Write

22, York Dept.NewIE New YorkAve."All,0Ways Better'Mbert Leon Stapley Utah Ogden,

(Continued from page 874) All-O-WheatPacific Coastnowhealthavailablestoresin

In the terrific business pressures of Served fay Halco Corp. of Los Angeles

the early twenties he resigned his position in the M.I.A. but soon

found himself so unhappy and miserable at having taken matters into his own hands that he repented and returned to his leaders to offer himself for service. "Any kind of

service,"he said; "I'll do anything

to keep busy in the Church."He

to stake M.I.A. work THAT'S ALL YOU NEED—was restored

WITH THE QUICK, EASY, NATURAL and has spent the rest of his thirdcentury of Church life in devoted IIHGUAPHONE

WORLD'S STANDARD CONVERSATIONAL and humble service wherever called

METHOD 20 minutes a day can mean a better job, more pay, by the Church leaders.

greater opportunities to you—knowing another language

will in double Whether busiyou're his in the companions Though or minister, ness a teacher, doctor, field scientist effecmission to your orprofession—missionary,yourstudent,travelanotherpleasure.language adds he was perhaps knew

for tiveness, is a "must"achievement, broadens your culthe most conscientious and effective tural understanding horizons. and

old to learn You're a too language the little all, suspect they did them is it the too PHONE NATURAL neverway—or young—

English. learned you same and way You men later way—theLINGUAwomen ofthat see as one they him would

in their native tongue. understand speak You

It's speak. easy! amazingly their listen-—youWithhear of Authorities. LINGUAPHONE, loved Church—youThe METHOD, CONVERSATIONAL WORLD'S—STANDARD you study in your leisure time at home. In just 20 minThough President Charles A. Callis

The One BEEF STEW that's. utesSPANISH—ITALIAN—FRENCH—GERMAN—a day you can master: RUSSIAN recognized him as industrious, faithorLINGUAPHONEany of the 29 languagesINSTITUTEavailable. ful, and perhaps the most perseverFLAVOR-SIMMERED 63-T Radio City—New York City 20, New York ing of his missionaries, yet even

practical courses were easy and made LINGUAPHONE linguists, educators, expert endorsed by more than 150 by when he appointed this youthful The Homemade Way

N., used by U. clergymen,

of Choice armed services. moreI, R.than0., onecolleges,millionschools,homeelder president of the Kentucky Chunk Full of Choice Lean Beef

study students. Mail Coupon TODAY for. FREE Book. conference, while yet in his teens, Garden Fresh Vegetables

little of thought that both perhaps INSTITUTE LINGUAPHONE

N. Y. City, Chef Blended Gravy Radio N. Y. 20, 63-T the them should some day represent SEND FOR LINGUAFREE Send me the

Book. PHONE

I want to language. glorious would it have been had FRU Name learn Lord as special witnesses. How

BOOKLET CityAddress Elder Callis lived to see this happy NALLEY'S BEEF STEW (Continued on page 922) 920 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fixup before snow flies!

PAINTUP ft* INSULATE t 1 REPLACE

Everything you need to Put BALSAMWOOL Complete line of buildrafters refor your ers'between hardware protect and paintup 25% save up to and broken or placing worn PAINT, your property.

effifuel. Highly on catches, locks, THINNERS, hinges, VARNISH, insucient, permanent

STEP LADDERS, BRUSHlation. Sealed against etc. Finest quality.

ES, LINSEED OIL, PUTmoisture, prevents heat Check on your needs

TY, GLASS, GLAZING loss, makes homes today.

POINTS, SANDPAPER, more comfortable the

SCRAPERS. year 'round.

GENERAL REPAIR NEEDS

ASPHALT SHINGLES PUTTY PAINT CEDAR SHINGLES CAULKING COMPOUND

ROLL ROOFING WEATHER STRIPPING

SIDING HARDWARE

TERMS AS LOW AS MONTH

YRISYA1E L U M C O

Coming in December

The complete addresses of the General Authorities at October Conference 12 issues $2.50

NOVEMBER 1950 921 Delbert Leon Stapley

(Continued from page 920) appointment and to have sat in CRAB GRASS Eliminate Crabgrass and the Council with his protege!

fertilize lawn at the It was not alone his service to his same time—apply now community that brought him to this

position, for in this Church are

PAX CRABGRASS AND WORM many great and splendid men who

KILLER devote themselves to the public

P1ABGRASS&: Keeps everything nice and green weal;answernotto hisin call,his goodnessfor though istherethe

ORM KILLER; If no crabgrass use must be an abundance of this qualiPAX LAWN FERTILIZER ty in the great leader, yet there are

6-10-4 with organics in the kingdom numerous people

PAX LAWN SEED who are good. His personality alone

is highest quality obtainable—get Pax is not responsible for the callfor

prices before buying and compare quality. there are people in great numbers

who have this in abundance; not

KellyWestern Seed Company isalonethe inreason,his powerfor in oftheorganizationworld and 139. N. 3RD WEST PHONE 3-4463 OR 9-7725 in the Church are many who have

these abilities to organize and direct; not alone in his family and

forebears could the answer be found, for there are thousands "born of goodly parents"who fail to up; measure not opportunity NOW HEARS this alone great, for has made man

WHISPERS! opportunityGriffin says:knocks"Whatat manymakesa door.his

New Kind of stantdawningknow."glow. Elder... OnlyStapleythe isconan

Hearing Aid Apostle today because he has had

Makes Living all of these, and there has been a

Worthwhile combining of these rare qualities inNO DEVICE to a composite whole. He has been

OF ANY KIND COMPLETE constant,ful. He hasconsistent,graspedandopportunities,ever faithIN EITHER EAR INSURANCE SERVICE and they have presented problems.

four young Throughout HARDOF-HEARING mountain states grappled the with the problems, He hasTHIS is seal even the of sign friendly KOLOB woman HEARS WHISPERS this and. has to brought him wide

and competent insurance is service. there yet any no device ofAGAIN, experience. varied His experience of our One 300 more than agents ear! in her socalledkind "invisible"No

or "phantom"earpiece, no headband, no is a fellow townsman of yours... has brought him rare insight and

his acquaintance make todaypressure anywhere! She doesn't adverin wisdom.

the interest of planwise insurancetise her deafness!

ning protection that really and Though the door to apostleship is

GET THE WHOLE STORY FREE pays. opened only occasionally, the gates

Fire not orWhether you a hearing wear now—Automotive—Theft

it Contract Bonds toaid, you yourself prove, owe to—Marine to greatness and other leadership

without cost or obligation, that you can Life—Health & Accident positions of trust and influence are

now HEAR with a brilliance and clarity ajar always, and no armored guard you never expected to enjoy again, yet stands to prevent entrance. The call

never anything in wear Fill your ear! in of Delbert Stapley should again astheand mail coupon at once infor full

formation about Acousticon's amazing sure the faithful that the Lord places new invention! ACOUSTICON, at no limitations upon the accomplishRadio City, 6 West 49th St., New 330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City ments and development of men, and

York 20, N.Y. that he who is loyal, true, indusACOUSTICON, Dept. M154 trious,* willing, humble, wellbal-

6 We*t 49th St., N. Y. 20, N. Y. anced, ever in the service of others,

Please complete illustrated send me. AT1H4NK5!I/ING reach high places. may door The information about your marvelous to the apostleship in October 1950 new hearing invention that requires POP

nothing in my ear and no headband. JOLLY TIME had been open to any of the thouIT. Name FAILS NEVER of sands missionaries have who GSOCEH ASK YOUR Address in served the this faithwith decade City Popping Home State BSTjer MORN It to ful man. the of was open any

922 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

hundreds of M.I. A. superintendents

of the 1920's and I930's. It was

open to any of the thousands of UTAHNS ACCLAIM FISHER'S high councilors who served while he was serving. Some were less

valiant; some tired along the way; some found service a burden. AS FAVORITE BREAD, 2-T0-1

But, of them all, most of whom are good and many have a large measure No ordinary white bread of devotion, this man was chosen by this bettercan comparetasting Potatowith Bread the Lord because in him are all these made by a new secret recipe.

qualities in abundance. And servIt's culturized!

ice and power, experience and wisdom, energy and devotion, blended together into a perfect whole, to put this man in a position where he can make an outstanding contribution to the building of the kingdom. He has been constant and has never failed. There

have been a dayto-day surmounting of obstacles, solution of problems, a meeting of situations. He has been

a faithful deacon, an energetic teacher, a worthy priest, an orthodox instructor, a resourceful auxFREE!

iliary worker, a commonsense counselor, and an undaunted and New Book of "Sixty Sandwiches'courageous stake president. Ideal for School and Work

Sandwich Ideas His life has been enriched by asWrite Today to Fisher's, sociation with many great men, P. O. Box 2227-A, Salt lake City 13, Utah

among whom President George Albert Smith has been a great influence. He set apart the youthful

missionary in 1915, performed the temple marriage ceremony for him... The demand for trained ofand his wife in 1918; as the mouthWe cannot fice personnel is heavy. Attracpiece for the Lord he called Elder tive positions are open right now

Stapley to the apostleship, and as fill the for those who have the kind of

President of the Church on training that's offered at L.D.S.

ber 5, 1950, ordained him an AposOcto- demand..

tle of the Lord Jesus Christ. Business College. Inquire today

about courses available in fields

Elder Delbert Stapley brings to the membership of the Church in of your interest. Be in demand

its farflung areas, faith and devoDay and evening by being trained at the L.D.S.

tion, courage and forthrightness, classes to meet Business College, where training judgment and wisdom, precept supyour need. doesn't cost, it pays.

ported by example. He will be a

wise counselor to the people in their problems. Both in tke moral and Write today for free booklet and further information.

technical phases of business will he be helpful. His experience having

penetrated into most phases of life, he will be able to bring commonI1LUU sense solutions to the problems which afflict so many. He has ful70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY

filled gloriously the admonition ofPaul to the Corinthians when he imBMISSSUNVISTA said: Delicious DRINK

BLACKEYED PEAS BUTTER BEANS... be ye stedfast, immoveable, always BABY LIMA BEANS

abounding in the work of the Lord, forasPINTOGREEN BEANSCHILI PEPPERS hot beverageA delightfulfor those

BEANS WITH PORK asmuch that ye labour know your is not PINTO don't drink coffee. who

Grocers At Your in thein vain (I Lord. Cor. 15:5?.) AT GROCERS YOUR

NOVEMBER 1950 923

Modern Fulfilment of a Book of Mormon Prophecy

( Concluded from page 880 prophecy are more than those who come into the Church through baptism.

If one ascribes this prophetic statement to Joseph Smith instead of to Nephi, who lived many centuries before him, it is nevertheless a remarkable utterance. He could

not, uninspired of God, predict that which would have its fulfilment in his own life, even amid extreme opposition to the publication of the book, and be more literally fulfilled as time marches on. Joseph

Smith of himself was powerless to fulfil this prophecy. The fact that

truth bears evidence of itself is the basis for the acceptance of the Book of Mormon. Hundreds of thousands

of witnesses have testified to the truths in the Book of Mormon. Some

of these may be said to be silent testators who "believe"but who do not go the full way along the way to perfection. These are they who

fulfil Nephi's prediction. It is believed that if all the foreign and

stake missionaries of this Church were to report the instances of

Nephi's prophecy being fulfilled today, whether the person accepted the gospel or not, the number would undoubtedly be very great. The

fulfilment of this prophecy is but

is verifying his word as spoken by WykerBank & Trust Company one of the many ways in which God his holy prophets.

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

Member Federal Reserve System

After Ten Years

(Continued from page 878) them are actively engaged in the service of the Church and are found among its leaders and teachers.

They make a constant contribution to the progress of the Church. NICOSTOP now available AT LOWER PRICE

NICOSTOP, "THE tobacco remedy/'mentioned in Dr. Merrill's column in Question eleven, "What is your

September, available the But at lower price. purchase now of NICOSTOP oresent attitude toward the Church?"reality in is EXPENDITURE AN isNOT NICOSTOP, Dept. A These 188 questionnaires all. at that show IT IS Rather, INVESTMENT, AN 193 P. O. Box

for else put the can where a person SAINT HELENA, CALIFORNIA 180 are enthusiastic for the Church;

send further it Please cost of a have few smokes and information without seven indifferent; is cost negative. to me. one for earn or per him year $60 more

the rest of his life? Name Question twelve, "Are you in

STOP SMOKING Street Address good, health?"One hundred and

THE EASY WAY... City State. seventyeight answered "yes,"two... GET

druggist If your doesn't have NICOSTOP, said "no,"and seven reported "It doesn't for FREE information. cost—NICOSTOP!It pays."write "fair."

?24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Question thirteen, "What is the &5gS3EBiEBSSBa&5rag5SB?

best thing that you have done in the past ten years?"Sixty reported

that working in the Church is the best thing that they have done.Twentyseven reported rearing chilWith Era Readers

dren, four purchasing a farm. Other

returns indicated the following: Advertising and Readers of

as bishop,serving helping to send THE IMPROVEMENT ERA adoptingother missionaries abroad, three children, spreading the gospel, It hasAdvertisingbecome so hasmuchbecomea partoneof ofthe themodernmost interestingeconomic structurefeatures thatof modernit is acceptedmagazines.and

filling a shortterm mission back in considered as a desirable, and constructive influence in our daily lives.

the Northern States, receiving a Modern advertising with its attractive and illuminating art makes the publications

Ph.D., graduating from a university, in whichAdvertisingit appearsis alsomoreanattractive,importantmorepartinterestingof the businessand highlystructureeducational.of a magazine. Its

being instrumental in converting revenue makes possible better articles, more attractive illustrations, more color, more ten people to the Church, qualifying pages, and in general more value to subscribers. When advertising is as carefully screened as it is in THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

as a C.P.A., becoming wellestab- and can be read and accepted with confidence by its subscribers, it is a definite asset to

lished in the farming business, both publisher and reader.

bringing a fellow student into the

Church, keeping a brother on a misPresident Smith's Editorials sion, rearing an orphan girl and There are some regular features in THE IMPROVEMENT ERA each month that having her baptized, entering mediare worth the full subscription price even if the special features, the serials, the stories, the doctrinal and historical articles were omitted.

cal school, teaching in a seminary, One of these is the monthly editorial of President George Albert Smith. Every

helping to care for a sister's orphan issue of THE IMPROVEMENT ERA carries a message from President Smith to the desire to read of others and who the Churchchildren. members

benefit subscribers the editorials for and it.blessingsThe regularthat willreadingcome toof them.these is urged upon

Question fourteen, "What was your most difficult problem on your More Religious Reading return?"In answer to question five, As the "signs of the times"portend important events ahead, as destructive influences

references were made to the probassail the foundations of religion, and as floods of highly objectionable publications are religious old, to both young and reading becomes a must to those who wouldlems experienced on one's return. offered

life. things of precious the preserve most

In answer to this question, thirtysix Faith, chastity, integrity and other virtues indispensable to true religious living reported no difficult problems; are being attacked as never before. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA invites its readers

twentyfive finding suitable employtoassociatesjoin in andan effortparticularlyto encourageto youngMorepeople,Religiousthe readingReading,of moreto suggestdesirable,to friendsmore conand ment; sixtyfive, the highest numstructive and more faithpromoting literature.

ber, "Adjusting myself after an Let's all do More Religious Reading.

absence of two years"; twentytwo,

selecting a vocation. Others reGeneral Conference Report

ported building a home, organizing Addresses of all General Authorities of the Church at the General Conference held financial affairs, keeping active in inTHESaltIMPROVEMENTLake City, SeptemberERA 29for andDecember.30 and ThisOctoberis a 1,slightwill departurebe publishedfrominpreviousfull in

the Church. practice.

Question fifteen, "What is your causeFormerlyof the increasedthe conferencematerial,reportwas deliveredwas publishednear thein middleour Novemberof November.issue, Underwhich thebemost difficult problem now?"Forty new plan the issue dated December will actually be delivered November 20. Thus, there

reported no difficult problems. Here will be but a few days delay and the material will come to you in better form.

are some others: choosing a vocaissuesThison theplannewwillpublicationmake possibledates the—thedelivery20th ofof thebothprecedingthe Novembermonth. andWe Decemberfeel sure

tion, training one's children to be a you will like the new plan.

credit to the Church, finding time to do all one would like to do. The Christmas Era

all Authorities General to the of addresses the at the General complete In addition sixteen, you do Number "How will entire the features that Conference, Christmas carry the December make ERA will missionary toward feel after work it will issue editors that in every outstanding. plan be welcome an number to make The

ten years?"All of these answers Latterday Saint home.

are worth publishing. Here are As a Christmas gift a year's subscription to the ERA, beginning with the Christmas

gift subscriptions is sent charge. with all without

gift birthdays, for desirable weddings, and some of them: two were very much issue Thewill beERAideal.is alsoAn appropriatean appropriatecard and

in favor, forty hoped to go again, other occasions.

twentysix thought it was the best thing one can do, fiftynine felt it was a great experience, one expressed it as the most important aspect of the Church work. Others IMPROVEMENT

stated it was the most profitable two years in their lives; it laid a foundaMore

life's tion problems; to meet it is Religious

for necessary growth; the Church

it proved to be the greatest preparaReading tory education for rearing a family; ERA

{Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1950 925 After Ten Years

(Continued from preceding page) it is the greatest field of labor in the Church; one should be grateful

for the privilege; it gives the best

training available; it is the best way A Service Thats

to give greater service to God and fellow men; every Latterday Saint

to should have an opportunity boy High in Value obligation go; there is an resting upon those who know the gospel to

should it; one on a misgo

it is to college; going andLow in Price preachsion before

the greatest school of one's life.

One was not quite so enthusiastic.

Many responded to the request to send a recent photograph. In

most cases ten years shows maturity and often the effects of responsibility. UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. A mission faithfully fulfilled calls

forth the best that is in one. The

ingenuity of man never devised a plan comparable to it for building character in young people: It satisfies in a most profitable and gratifyAPPROVED FOR

s? ing way the spirit of wanderlust

L.D.S. Primaries that so often comes to young men. Komp, ete d

It takes them all over the civilized # Junior Sunday Schools world. The contact is such as to and School i5anki Home 9 withmake peoplethem andaccuratelyconditions.acquaintedThey "RHYTHM FUN"

bring home ideas from the centers eruice Price $1.25 of the civilized world. It builds

at abroad. the Church home and "MERRILY WE SING"upIt particularly people helps young COMMERCIAL AND SAVPrice $1.50 to imthemselves, discover a most INGS ACCOUNTS.

by portant contribution. Here is an

in a TRUST DEPARTMENT—MOISELLE RENSTROM example: A young man living

Acting as Administrator, distant part of the Church who had

Executor, Guardian, and Illustrated Books of never been far from home, was

Trustee. Songs and Musical Play called on a mission to England. His

ABSTRACT DEPARTMENT. Children love these simple tunes education was limited, his means

and musical games. Easy to teach. were limited, but he had faith

SAFETY DEPOSIT BOXES. Simple piano accompaniment. enough to go. He went. He distinguished himself as a missionary.

All departments on ground Published by He became renowned as a preacher, floor.

PIONEER MUSIC PRESS orator, and leader. He had great

talent but was not aware of it.

individuals to the important How CO. FIRST OF AIL -RELIABILITY TRUST UTAH SAVINGS & Order Postpaid from There are many cases of this kind. such disare the society to and

Street 235 South Main the opporIt gives them Federal Member Reserve System lines coveries! a D4547 education travel Federal tunities for Deposit Member and STREET MAIN

Insurance Corporation SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH c& that would otherwise never come to them. Every young man and every

young woman who is honored with

HEADQUARTERS FOR L. D. S. a call to fill a mission is to be conHOTEL LANKERSHIM I IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA I gratulatedtunity. on having this oppor7TH AND BROADWAY KING'S REST MOTEL City"YE of the the Very "In Center that a questionnaire shows This

528 5th STREET SOUTH $3.50 with bath from Rooms of missionhigh percentage very Dr. B. Foutz. Grill Harold Dining Owner Room and

FRANK R. WISHON, Operator Edgar H. Foutz, Manager aries never lose their love for the

LOS ANGELES CALIFORNIA Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout gospel. It shows that they are not

926 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the poorer financially as a result of it. It shows that they find their

and the leadersplaces among CUT YOUR COAL BILL and state. of the Churchteachers

Very early in the history of the ALMOST IN HALF...

Church the divine injunction was WITH placed upon its members to preach the gospel, as a witness to all the world. Through all the adversities

through which the Church has AUTOMATIC HEATING shirked never it haspassed, this Feed your furnace the thrifty way with STOKERMATIC of tributhe face Inresponsibility.

lation, poverty, and persecution, its the automatic softcoal stoker that burns fuel representatives have gone forth, and so completely there's no soot, no smoke, no sustained by the power of heaven waste.... Your savings will pay for your

they have carried this message to STOKERMATIC.

the ends of the earth. Manufactured in Utah for over a quarter of a

In all of this we are not unmindcentury. Engineered to burn Utah coal at Interful of the fact that the grand obmountain altitudes.

jective of missionary work is to save the souls of others, nor are we The Company forgetful of the other significant Sft/65$fm?

Salt Lake City, Utah fact that in the process, we save ourselves. It is gratifying to know

that never before in the history of the Church have missionaries gone Study the Gospel at Home forth in such great numbers, nor... UNDER THE GUIDANCE OF GREAT TEACHERS!

for individual study: available are courses following now The than now. willingness greater with

PRICE OF PEARL THE GREAT OF BOOK THE TO MORMON INTRODUCTION * AN effort HISTORY SAINT LATTERDAY CHURCH in time, LIFE cost and CHRIST money, JESUS OF THEThe

PRINCIPLES DOCTRINES OF MORMONISM AND LIFE OF LETTERS PAUL THE AND in increased the is great, but reward

University the full credit from Church college carry All courses Study Home faith, spiritual stimulation, soul ADDITIONAL FIELDS OF STUDY

HORTICULTURE GEOLOGY BOTANY character development ACCOUNTING growth, and # # JOURNALISM GEOGRAPHY PSYCHOLOGY AGRONOMY # C the harvest ihe missionaries, of and HISTORY MATHEMATICS ECONOMICS HUSBANDRY ANIMAL $ e LANGUAGES SOCIOLOGY EDUCATION ART 8 # the far souls righteous outweighof POLITICAL SCIENCE ENGLISH HOME ECONOMICS BACTERIOLOGY 9 SPEECH required effort, time, money and COURSES ALL CORRESPONDENCE THE 8.Y.U. FACULTY TEACH OF MEMBERS REGULAR

to carry on this great work. BEtlGHAM YOUNG1875—1950 UNIVERSITY

WRITE FOR THIS FREE CATALOGUE!

Brigham Young University HOME STUDY BUREAU Writing High Provo,ExtensionUtahDivision (Continued from page 875) whichPleaseI understandsend me listsa copyover of200yourcoursesHomewhichStudyI mayCataloguestudy

Rather, he took a tenth of his earnat home for university credit.

ings and distributed it himself to causes he felt worthy. But the Presi- (Name)

dent asked him something like this, (Address) "Don't you trust the Lord?"It was

a lasting lesson, through a concrete (City & State) example.".Ji

A third suggestion from the Can You as a Latterday Saint

Explain and Defend people say, would "Use Mount

Doctrines of Your The Church PROFITABLE DAYS Bible? Holy the From teaching."writing in your and more

The Sermon is filled with people: "KNOW THE BIBLE"AHEAD FOR

a servant, a master, hypocrites, 50 Pertinent Religious Questions prophets, neighbor, builder. It is Answered in Full Biblical Text. QUISH all Misfor Members, Church Ideal Book ye. An the loaded with you and words sionaries, Servicemen, NonMember and GRADUATES Friends. Relatives and is interesting than Nothing more Capitalize on QUISH

is with the in complete harmony This book You'll training nowl be a people. Church. the of L.D.S. teachings beautician competent whoa

place, in fourth the prograduated. The Sermon, QUISH ITS IN THIRD EDITION NOW technical vides you with Cloth 1.50 Pages 216 $1 Paper writing give say to your would gained knowledge skill and

rhythm or music. Too often in our Order AutographedCompiler andCopiesPublisherDirect From inFREE25 years.CATAIOGSENDTODAY!FOR

Churchspeaking and writing some

B. OF SCHOOL BENJAMIN ALWARD

{Continued on following Salt First page) 148 Ave. Lake City, Utah BERUTV331 SOUTHCULTUREMAIN Bookstore) at Your Church {Or

as Editor's Page, fiAlso used The Improvement

Era, (one 1947, p. 357.

NOVEMBER 1950 927 WRITING HIGH Save and (Continued from preceding page) rhetoric. Take these sentences, for

of us are prone to be too encycloexample:

Save Again at pedic. In presenting biography, we Be ye therefore perfect, even as youi

Father which is in heaven is perfect. 6 GREYHOUND'S seem more interested in giving all

positions the and Church held by RoundUp the

Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon rather subject than in drawing some of incidents from his life that would andearth, wherewhere thievesmoth andbreakrust throughdoth corrupt,and steal. interest build faith. and

Travel give 5:48. Matthew

really sings with Sermon The 6:19. Vbid.

Bargains

TV SAVE... on RoundTrip

tickets (20% on return % Jne Constitution of Lsur Lountm trips).

SAVE... on Charter Trips BY RICHARD L. EVANS

to big Fall events.? A century and sixtythree years ago the Constitution of

SAVE... on low -cost United States was signed by the Constitutional ConAmazing America Vavention. Less than a century later it was described by

cation Tours. jl Britain's Gladstone as "the most wonderful work ever

J struck off at a given time by the brain and purpose of See Your Greyhound Agent Today!

man."But we earnestly believe that its coming into being

y was inspired beyond the "brain and purpose of man."

And we are grateful for the protection and for the freedom it has fostered. Sometimes we may become impatient

with the safeguards, the checks, and the processes it & prescribes. Sometimes some people feel, or have felt,

that it slows down some things they would like to see move faster. No doubt there are or have been impatient

people who would urge bypassing it in some respects, perhaps not realizing that one of the priceless functions of the Constitution is to protect people against their own or others'impetuous and sometimes rash impatience. Human

wisdom was never known to be infallible. The power to

judge and the power to execute judgment is fraught with many pitfalls. And time and history have taught us that

tyranny is#,always in the offing, and that hasty judgment always has its hazards. We are well aware that there

are those who advocate ideas contrary to the Constitution, who, nevertheless, when they are in trouble, quickly claim their constitutional rights. And so it is that under the

Constitution justice may be retarded—but so is injustice,

so is tyranny, so is slavery, and so are all the other abuses against which our fathers fought. And despite processes

Man, woman or child which may sometimes seem slow, freedom under the Conhealthy, handsome, wellstitution is our source of safety and soundness and strength groomed hair is a real help to and effective efficiency. Whatever else to the contrary

personal assurance, happiness and success! may sometimes be supposed, and whatever the minds or

it, of those motives of those who would openly destroy

L.B makes hair sparkle, keeps who would stealthily undermine it, or of those who would

it groomed, helps control impatiently bypass it, it is a great and "glorious standard,"dandruff! Nongreasy, non- a banner and bulwark of freedom in our own land and

alcoholic, a joy to use! elsewhere in all the world. And we reutter our belief

that it was brought into being "in the wisdom of God,"

FOR andthe Constitutionare grateful offoroura centurycountry.and sixtythree years under

THE HAIRfit CREAMED S>poken Jim Word temple square from \mmW SHAMPOO PRESENTED BROADOVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA *Jk2%3%l HAIR IF YOUR 17, 1950 CASTING SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER HELP.. NEEDS.IT NEEDS L.B.

928 THE IMPROVEMEhlf NERX The fifth lesson says to be specific. The Sermon says to use lily

rather than flower, and fig instead of fruit. Jesus spoke in pictures.

We should all write in them.

The sixth hint for the modern writer pleads for simplicity.

In 1948 the Associated Press sent out to its bureaus the findings and suggestions of an expert on readaHow In Make a Hit bility, Dr. Rudolf Flesch. His recommendations stressing four points With Your Friends

have proved sound:

to please surefire Here's way a length. ( 1 ) is measThis Word

Tell outof-town: from for friends syllables of the number ured by Hotel at Temthe stay to them

each hundred words. A hundred ple Square. You can count on

For smoother, richer words generally should contain not showus to themtreat themto a right.fresh, We'llcommore than 150 syllables. Dr. fortable room, and serve them

to pay. prices they'll be glad

suggesyourHOT CHOCOLATE poor";Flesch 163186,scores 151162"poor"; asand"fairlymore theThey'llfinest food in town—all at appreciate

poor.""very 186, than

Morning Use Milk—diluted sentences. The tion. Length of ( 2 ) undiluted, as or you please.

Morning Milk's smooth texaverage sentence should have not ture, rich flavor malce the more than nineteen words. A senbest hot chocolate taste tence average of twenty to twenbetter! Try even is considered it—- and tythree "fairly Hotel

you'll difference! taste the to twentyseven, poor"; twentyfour

"poor"; and more than twentyTemple Square poor."seven, "very MORNING ( 3 ) Human interest words. Stress Clarence L. West, Manager

MILK isplemadeand otheron wordshumanreferringinterest towords.peo-

(4) Sentences with human interest. Bible punctuation is not modern.

Therefore, scripture is difficult to

Your Every Musical Need score on Dr. Flesch's card. But if

Promptly and Courteously one tests, for instance, the first part ALL ALUMINUM the on Mount—the WINDOWS TRIPLE TRACK STORM Filled at of

brilscores Sermon Beatitudes—thethe Sermon FINEST AND in each liantly. words The average

STORM betonly are sentence thirteen—six BEESLEYS of IL DOORS standard the Flesch ter than

MASON and HAMLIN nineteen. The number of syllables Keep Out

The Stradivari of Pianos in the first hundred words of the

Drafts the Cold is better than 133—far KNABE Sermon on Save glows of Sermon standard 150. The

The Piano of the with "human interest"words. It Fuel Metropolitan Opera

is full of words on people. And Stop Sweaty

EVERETT besides there are such interesting Windows

The finest toned, medium nouns as sheep, wolf, fowl, swine, priced spinet pianos built dogs, serpent, moth, and fish. Ask EASY TERMS

CABLE - NELSEN any newsman or magazine editor Call or Write about the high place of animals in

Beautiful spinet pianos in human interest! STOACO INTERMOINTAIN, INC. the low priced field

The Sermon's seventh point calls 4847 So. State, Murray. Utah

life his gave sincerity. for Jesus 955 MURRAY Instruments Band greater for his message. What 9-4107 LAKE SALT Music Sheet His ask? sincerity could anyone

Musical Everything and rang true because he lived words representatives of your one have Pease... S> estimate. free call give us a and as he taught.

BEESLEY MUSIC CO. topWalteradvertisingWeir,men,onerecentlyof America'swrote: NameAddress '.—

70 South Main Salt take City Town State

Phone 4-6518 Your copy will be only as good as and

UTAH'S PIONEER MUSIC HOUSE no better than you yourself as a thinking, (Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1950 929.

Writing HighNEW DRIPLESS Plastic Sacrament Set [Concluded from preceding page) with AUTOMATIC LOCKING folding handles analytical, understanding, and sympathetic human being. If you are shallow, your

copy will be shallow; if you are blatant,

your copy will be blatant; if you are sincere, reasonable, and persuasive, your copy

will be sincere, reasonable, and persuasive.

Because your copy, more than you will ever realize, is you. 8

An eighth lesson from the Mount would advise the writer to make his sentences more graphic with figures of speech. Jesus filled his messages with similes, metaphors, and

parables. Look at these choice

samples from the Sermon:

Ye are the light of the world.9

and

neither cast ye your pearls before swine.

Here is the long needed ideal Sacrament Set that practically eliminates the problems of inconvenience of dripping water and excessive storage space. The ninth point advises anyone

who writes, speaks, or teaches to

Set consists of 2 pieces, a bread and water tray, in beautiful appearing be terse. In the Sermon, Jesus gives

plastic (choice of Crystal or Milk White) some advice on prayer. But the

word "write"could be used for

Note the large sturdy handles (all handles are Crystal) that automatically "pray,"and the counsel would still be sound: lock in place. Handles fold down, out of the way, when not in use; requiring

only 1/3 the space of old type sets. But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do: for they think

they shall be heard for their much Water trays feature a special rim around each individual cup opening as that 11 speaking. well as around outer edge of tray. This practically eliminates inconvenience

of dripping water. This is a special patented feature. C. C. Colton, a nineteenth century English writer, underlined this

Since there are not water stains or condensation, Sets are easier to clean suggestion:

and keep clean.

That writer does the most, who gives

ORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY... Sets available at the hisfromreaderhim thethe leastmost time.knowledge,12 and takes

Presiding Bishop's Office—Salt Lake City—or Order Direct from

The tenth and perhaps most imTHE PLASTICAL COMPANY—405 Centinela Ave., Inglewood, California. portant of all Sermon suggestions

speaks for accuracy. One of the best

tests of truth is the time test. The

truths of the Sermon are as accurate today as they were two thousand Watch for years ago.

the announcement of Latterday Saints have those truths. To give them to the world

calls for "writing high."That is

what the Sermon on the Mount THE IMPROVEMENT ERA says, in spirit if not always in words—again and again and again!

Printers'Ink. May 26. 1950. p. 26. oAnnual Index "Matthew 5:14.

/*W 6:7. lc1bid 7:6.

x-Lacon, Preface, 930 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NoLiquor-Tobacco Column

l Concluded from page 915) homes, where its presence on the famCOME tills l/Wlnter ily table encourages its use by many TOwomen who are "prejudiced"against drinking in public, and perhaps by an )pnna adolescents or even younger members of the family who have not, until reRICKS cent years, been consumers of beer. REGISTRATION

The brewers now believe that twothirds of the American families buy beer, as compared with less than half December 11 and 12, 1950-.-.Winter Quarter

a decade ago. This increased consumption in the home has been accompanied March 12, 1951 Spring Quarter

by a distressing increase in reportorial accounts of brutality to children. Children have practically no police proXr touruear cLatterdau J2>aint Lolteae

tection within the walls of their homes and are wholly dependent upon the sobriety and affection of their Rexburg, Idaho RICKS COLLEGE parents.

Fortune magazine, in April, indiWrite Registrar for Catalog cated that the sales of beer are five times the sales of all soft drinks combined, or equal to twothirds the dollar value of the passenger automobile Coming Conservative Home Loan industry. o Reasonable Liquidity

Well, as the brewers themselves

High Percentage Reservesay, has just the consumer so many IN DECEMBER N dollars. If he spends it for beer, he Current Dividend 3%

does not spend it for shoes—a sad and In Safety of Your Accountbad condition. B With Us Insured to $10,000

-The Clipsheet, July 3, 1950 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SuccessfulContinuous Service A

The complete addresses s ValuableSince JulyExperience4, 1912 of the 1 Other Safety Precautions

No Agents or CommissionsThese Times General Authorities S [Continued from page 861 delivered at No Dissatisfied Customer "boot camp."Can the "boot camp"October Conference Many Having Profited bydiscipline and immediate trainingin- o Our Services for 38 Years

withoutemergency serve UMT the 12 issues $2.50 F You Too, May Profit in nationAmerican a conflict when

there is "not time"to prepare, as in previous wars when England's line of By Placing a Savings and

With Us. Account A wholesome, first T T Investmentdefense had to be crossed? This

Il beautiful aid to T7F l\A TT1 1point is raised. this calculAccounts Handled Towards

able problem of the future, may not the Conveniently by Mail lessons of history in be joined such a "Into the Dawn"as the following?program Let us consider as permanent policies: by Naomi M. Taylor FIRST FEDERAL SAVINGS

$2.50 1. military Recruitment strength, of AND LOAN ASSOCIATION

to book store whatever desired, size and shape by at your local OF DECATURvoluntary enlistment, whether in the or Deseret Book Company professional fulltime branches, or re44 E. So. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 513 Second Avenue

serve elements, including R.O.T.C. OR THE AUTHOR Decatur, Alabama

vnits parallel to the educational system. 30 W. Campbell Ave. Campbell. Calif.

Under the only peacetime experience the United States has known, namely n::n<.'o-i -iiu>i m*>c

the Conscription Act of 1948, 3 voluntary recruitment to found the was be for FIFTY OFFER... OVER YEARS IPSE WEsuccessful policy. air and navy The A COMPLETE of in treatment simple Canker, Aids arearms not to reported resorted have SERVICE ENGRAVING throat other sore minor and mouthto conscription that statute. under The Missionary Portraits to the Largest From irritations. and throat Catalogues. did, for period a duringarmy 1948,

then appeared to abandon it in favor Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention {Continued on following page) CO. UTAH ENGRAVING HALLS REMEDY Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah Salt Lake City, Utah 113 Selective assumes the *This argument Wadsworth

Service Act of 1940 was a war measure. *""''*'"l*-l***- I!

NOVEMBER 1950 931 THESE TIMES AVAILABLE NOW [Continued from preceding page) over the nineteenth century suggests that such a scheme enlistments, emoluments, voluntary FOR CHRISTMAS of officers recruiting and In the next five career attractions. and willmen—andwork bothwithfor

MY PICTURE BOOK years A professionallet us usefightingthis force,same principle.voluntaroutinfluencesthe disruptingof compulsorysocial and politicalservice. OF SONGS ily recruited, will function better than American congressmen should know

proporlarge historical fact that a the essential conscripts. are marines The Album A Children's to tion of the came Europeans who all of us. the pay not make Why 19 cleverly dramatized tunes writto

in century seventeenth the America as of monetarily career a marine and for children. recorded ten and

3 10inch records in album $3.95 attractive as the pay and careers of came to avoid the quarrels and comALSO successfulservice is essential.civilian life,Britishor moreexperienceso? His pulsoryEurope. militaryThat traditionserviceremainsof continentalstrong,

THE KING OF GLORY Clean (He That Hath Hands and a 1*&*&V\&V<&V0rx&VVX*0&V00* Heart) Pure

Sung by JESSIE EVANS SMITH and the CHOIR SALT TABERNACLE LAKE $1.31... cLet a %n Cxawtlne JJiim5e semiflex record 12inch

And these Popular Albums BY RICHARD L EVANS

Seven Immortal Hymns—$3.95

Joseph Smith's Own Story—$5.05 P<dr many purposes, people are constantly being classified.

But quite apart from the classifications into which other

At your dealer or direct from people place us, we also constantly classify ourselves. It

their to seek for characteristic men is human a common INC. ARTS, RECORDING they as people with such associate to element and own 19 South Temple West to gravitate "humankind freedom, are. Granted themselves City. Salt Utah Lake

Add 35c postage for all mail orders congenial surroundings and to congenial associations. We

Utah customers add 2% sales tax find those of common interests gathering together to speak their common language. Thieves associate with thieves.

People of kindred tastes and hobbies and likes and disthe to frequent places and the same to patronize likes tendThe Jumping Jack choice, our we judge atmosphere. we have same When

ourselves every day, without waiting for the judgments of heaven and the hereafter. We judge ourselves by the

company we voluntarily keep, by the places for which we show preference, by the thoughts we permit ourselves to think, by the surroundings we seek. And those who

are concerned about ultimate justice and judgment may find part of their answer in their own voluntary pursuits, here and now. We are reminded of one eminent man's

remark. "... Whoever would be likely to feel at home1 in

heaven would be found there when the time comes."It

would not seem likely that people would be much more incompatible or with places incompatible in comfortable Bums \ r*M be in it. And they would this world than people out of Strong W**& perhaps what each man should decide for himself is what

kind of company he wants to live with, and then conduct his life so as to be comfortable in that kind of company.

In other words, decide where you want to be and with whom you would like to be, and earn the right to be there.

the Apostle advised, "... let a man examineEndorsed by Pediatricians As Paul 2

Revolutionary "Jumping Jack"tends and himself."

exercises baby at the same time. Helps develop strong, active child while giving

Mother more free time. Adjustable to fit

every baby from 3 to 1 1 months old. Holds

straight down, TEMPLE SQUARE legs lA/ord allows 1/ke back erect, FROM Spoken direction. Steel to free move arms BROADTHE COLUMBIA KSL AND PRESENTED OVER to jump freely. permits spring safety in babyanyto go

Harness out. or fall tip over cannot Baby indoors CASTING SYSTEM. SEPTEMBER 24, 1950 skin. Use tender cannot chafe baby's

or out. Send.$4.98 to Shurtliff Mfg. Co., 225

Idaho. Hopkins. 100% money1Mark S.back10thguarantee.Ave., Pocatello,

11:28. 2I Corinthians

GIFT! AN IDEAL Copyright 1950

SHURTLIFFHi S. 10TH. AVE. MFG.POCATELLO.CO.IDAHO

932 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mmsmm If HIT irff il Fl 1 W b*M: though likewise strong for defense. It lililiP can be argued that UMT may detract

1 from elective "training,"that its "dis- 1 1 3 P - ciplinary effects"will fall more heavily kI 1UiL b3 3 J!1JJS

on the side of evil than in producing intelligent obedience to command. UMT

will certainly produce political effects i in American homes that will come to abhor and dislike its spiritual, social, and economic repercussions. This may bring the grave danger of a singlewill B 8

state, with the temptation to use official propaganda and force to maintain..Were mating

the system, like Orwell's "War is

Peace; Freedom is Slavery"upsidethe NEWHOUSE

down state—of which already we see

too much. new again!

the of one 2. Newhouse necesthe The books Placement if on and West isthe of hotels great

it greater sary, invoked to be to law make of conscription going we're t been haven If you ever. than joint in time resolution Congress by see of in and drop recently, there

of congressionallydecided emergency. for yourself.

If Congress (not the Executive, although the latter may recommend) is willing to declare an emergency, times will be such that to conscript the citizenry, trained in the technics, languages, basic science, and issues of the

HOTELSn will willing, unwillnot day, produce o HOTELS ch?c9TFRNWESTERN. PocoteUo.Poccu

ing, for reserves, the proemergency Los A"fftland,r Francisco, fessional forces reserves permanent and

Seattle. "e f,ul go built principle. voluntary the on the haPPy loves and. cessful has ljfe but

l)le this an conclusion, In of readers column owned fZ edition To heir, to heart the take conclusion u of might *f0rd per- <?%prized

live fateto one the with has had who a dear 9 S *o companone troubled; re|V ful at nature of the problems modern

n- toplevel. More pointed quotations

could be offered from our great prophets and leaders. Their statements and

teachings are only confirmed, however, You may STARVE by the thoughts contained in this outGive an side judgment: with plenty to eat

OXFORD BIBLE

... is fact that foods alarming "The then, is the What, source strength? of our since 1675 Gift Bible America's

acres of millions raised on being is ethical source our and fine That has many bookstore Your contain that longer enough land no moral nowof editions for your selection. standards of precepts, and our democratic of certain needed minerals, are starving

$1.65 to $250.00 faith in man. This faith is the chief armaus—no matter how much of them we

ment of our democracy. It is the most poeat."—264, Mayfrom1945.U.S. Senate Document No.

tent weapon ever devised. Compared with

it, the atomic bomb is a firecracker. GUARD AGAINST

BASKETBALL MALNUTRITION!

EQUIPMENT This statement was written for the Scientifically produced Viking Golden

New York Times Magazine by David Healthprotect Mineralyou for Foodonly a(withfew yeast)pennieswilla

E. Lilienthal, then chairman of the day. Each tablet contains 15 vitally esAtomic Energy Commission, and pubsential minerals of U. S. pharmaceutical

lished in March 1949. To it we might grade or better. \m fi only wish to amend that faith in man, ORDER TODAY

to be fully effective, requires faith in

God, and in the merciful role of free Intermountain Division intelligence inspired by the example of 45VIKINGSouth LABORATORIES3rd West - Phone 5-7413 God's Son. The ultimate question is Salt Lake City 1, Utah

outfit shirt complete or a slavery. freedom versus the Free men, gym A six month's Please send me

J Vik-... of supply You'll 800( ) tablets A. Tsam M. I. for your free of sons like the men, Son of God, Price Food. Mineral Health (ing ) Goldenone year

.., at style, value quality, find 1 supply year $6.50; supply 6 month's in approach death courageously may

a just cause, that other men might live. $12.00.

With maximum recognition of volunName

Street Address tary principles pursue we may safely >?iJr*#j'j&JrJ&i

in State preparedness City and and peace CORNER SECOND SOUTH AND 5TATE permanent these times.

NOVEMBER 1950 933 awm

i

LiisMi

Missionaries Departing In September

Carol Alice Nielson, Wood, Margene Udarbe, Anderson, P. Corler, Robert G. Lauder, Ernest Van MISSIONARY HOME ENTERING M(SS/ONAR/fS

R. Nield, Emerson Shirley DeLoyd Hyde, Bunnell, S. Ryser, Karl Eilene Snow, Nightwine, Marie 20, Laura SEPTEMBER DEPARTING 1ITHSEPTEMBER AND

Halverson. Nielson, Dale Marlow West, Lee Davis, Erma Ruth Sherry Wahlen, 1950.

C. Kohler, Dee Kenneth Lynn row: Seventh Killian. F. James

H. Hodgen, Ro'ert E. Boelter, Harold Fred Bassett, Benham, Burt, Tazwell Tom Fourth row: Ross James Cockerham, Charlie first row: Marion

JohnEmeline Bement, Henry W. Colder, Lorin Slade, H. Glade Frank Hunt, LaMarr Jackson, Don Velma Farr Hansen, Analu Newman, W.Andrus, W.

D. J. Lucas, LaMoine Miller, Frank son, Reimschiissel, Reta Willy Skinner, Fay Jones, Ina director; LaMar M. Adam, B. Colton,Liddell, Donna Don

L. Knight, Agnes L. John Young, William Nelson, Anhder, L. M. Hayes, Paul Merrill, Darwin J. Hailing, Keith Rose Josephene Morgan, Sumsion,Norma

Fraser. Earl Redd. V/interton. W. Maxine Harmon,JoAnna

A. Elwood Williams Bowman, Robert row: Crane, Eighth L. Danford Smith, Fifth C. row: Lynn McBride, Radmall, Marie A. William row: Second

P. Romney, Robert T. Beesley, Garrett Crandall, Brown, R. Willard Litchfield, Ashdown, J. Paul Fetzer, Rulon Robert Ilia Kaspar Green, Amussen,Ruby Shaum, Milton Ferguson, Earl, Paul Oleson, H. Charles Jane Lou Drake, S.M. Eyring, Yvonne L. Jorgensen, Leona Jerry Bishop, Collier, DorthetaD.

J. Slater. T. Elwin Pace, E. Ronald Lund, K. Frank Adams. Lloyd B. Powell, Robert Esther McKinney, Theda Lou Smith, N. Richard Bunch,Mildred

Jarvis J. Anderson, Dance, Arnold row: Ninth Hans Phil C. Rasmussen, Hunter, Sixth Hat row: Nelson. Kesler, Jean Betty C.Christensen, Wanda

L. Whittaker, Barger, Gerald D. Day, Reed Val Clarence Gene Mollenhauer, R. Clarence Hubert, Eldred Voelker, G. Herva Davenport, row: Third Lynn

To make lunch one of the high spots of the day, include sandwiches made with

Table Queen bread. Its smoother texture and finer

flavor assure delicious sandwiches every time.

Table Queen is extra nourishing and full of energy too—extra good for active, growing youngsters

because it's made with high protein flour and enriched with vitamins and iron.

So help your family to better health.. better

flavor... better bread. Get Table Queen

the bread that's Queen of the table!

ROYAt BAKINC COMPANY - SAIT IAKEOGDEN

934 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Duncan J. Williamson, Robert M. Graham, Merrill Eleventh row: Carl H. Glissmeyer, Ronald D. PertChristensen, Robert C. Green, T herald C. Beckstrand,

f. Walker, Todd M. Shepherd, Elmer H. Vander Does, ton, Harvey C. Willardson, Stanley L. Simmons, Duane Pack Weight, Reo B. Cutler, Dick Pearce,

William H. Allen. Joseph H. Clarke, John F. Howard, James D. ChrisFarrell J. Maw.

tensen, Jessup, Arlo D. C. Frank Harrow: Maurine Fawson. Seventeenth J. F. Tenth row: Roland Smith, Welchman, Wm

ris, Barlow, Glenn Peterson, H. Evan June MackClarence Waterfall, Parley M. C. Cummings, Robert L. row: Parley Thorson, Twelfth Albert Belnap, L. Perry, Palmer, Roestenburg, Carolus Robert M. Livingston, L. Burt,Joe Jay R. Lewis Judd, DerMont I. Vert Mickelson, Condie, M. Jay C. James MumJr. L. Cottrell, Richins, Ralph James AldenBell, Foy, G. Robert Dale Graser, Swenson, Norman ford, B. Clifford Stauffer, Neil Nelson, Wendell

Blair,Robert S. C. Robert Durrow: Gail Lewis Thompson, Eighteenth Jack Brown, Reed V. L. G. Larsen, B. Littlewood, Karl Niels Robert

Jr.ham, Russell Richard Kenneth N. Vincent, Despain, Stewart, Johnson. Andy W.

J. A. Rasmussen, Gansauge, Hervert Adams, Charles

Thirteenth Paul H. Neser, row: Decker, Edwin S. B. Leslie R. Smith, Groesbeck, Kenneth Edward

H. Bitton, Lee, R. Ronald Davis Samuel Vernald R. Kenney, Carlyle Wilcox. Johnson, William W.

Fredrickson, Grant Pehrson, Wood, Ree Raymond

T. row: Jacox, Baker, Nineteenth Lee Gordon Guy Jr., Mollis Foote, Neal, Ray, Lloyd Len LaMar Homer

B. B. Pace, Gerald Perry, Viehweg, Cordon James L. Dunford, Twede, Hand. Max Wendall President ActingPresident and Bodily, T. Karl John Homer, N. Snow, Norman W.

Francis C. Fourteenth row: Dorothy Cammans, Phelps. Ray

Wright, Carol Calvin Anderson, West, Reed W.

row: Hare, Molen, Twentieth Roy Don Doug Siebach, Geertsen, Woodruff James Martin James

Harris, Dell Schaefer, Eagar, Kunz, James Lynn Don ofof the Pratt, Twelve Ira Council Pratt, the M. C. Torgensen, Mary Neal W.

Larsen. D. Fredrick Nelson, Hamilton, Jim Vernon Norman

Glen Waldron, A. LaMar Hamilton, Max H. Parkin. Twentyfirst row: Don C. Grover.

( Concluded from page 872 Fifteenth row: Blaine W. Perkins, Roy A. Spjut, Left balcony: Harold Stucki, Thomas Edward

tivities have made him a participant ArloNaylor,GrantIvanSandstrom,J. Park, LeeW. A.Folkerson,Dinkelman,Jr., EtwinG. LloydA. Daniels,Drew Van DeeWagoner,V. Jacobs,Gordon GaryB. Davis.L. Schwendiman,

Lasley, Wilcox, Ricks, Carl Ray Clyde Gordonin tennis, baseball, balcony: Right Paul Douglas Reed Harmon, Roland

Frost, swimming, handBurke,Albert Bernard Jack Jack Woodhouse, McLaws, Lorin Blaser, Peter John Bullock, Hansen, James ball, J. baseball. Calvin Weeks. W. Baker, and indoor Karl G. R. Lloyd Naylor, Bunderson, James W.

At an early age President Smith Sixteenth row: Paul J. Jorgensen, J. Robert Dyer, Donald R. Snow, Darrel J. Vorwaller.

became a student of the scriptures, which study he has pursued through all the years of his life. When he

was twentythree, he left for a mission to Great Britain, where he served for two years. When he

returned home, he again became active in the Church organizations. In

1 903 he became a member of the

Y.M.M.I.A. general board. In 1909

he also became a member of the general board of Religion Class and later first assistant in that organization.

He married Louie E. ShurtlifF in

1898. She died in 1908, leaving

him with two daughters, Josephine and Julina. He then married Ethel

G. Reynolds, who bore him nine

children, Emily, Naomi, Lois, Joseph F., Amelia, Lewis W.,

George Reynolds, Douglas Allan, and Milton Edmund Smith. Following her death, he married Jessie

Evans.

President Smith early became interested in genealogy, making a trip to New England, where he clarified the line of Robert Smith, earliest American ancestor. He alnot,

so established the Utah Genealogical and Historical Magazine andbecame its first editor until he was rich called into the Council of the

Twelve in April 1910. Since that

time he has become Church Historian and president of the genealogical society, positions which he still retains.

As a lecturer on doctrine, he is probably unequaled. He has conducted ward classes in the Mutual

which have been unparalleled "in attendance. He also conducted two CHOCOLATES

series of classes on the Doctrine and

Covenants for the Lion House Sc% cial Center that became so popular that the Assembly Hall was reCltOt t*D? COMMIT JIT lr CI!*,!*

quired to house them.

NOVEMBER 1950 935 &WV <&&r>'&K&'*J&-xj5ni4?-.0rvvV0ri,J0>>0-1 I mmovms

Servicemen's Coordinator THE LIGHT TOUCH

of President Appointment Bruce of the R. McConkie

First Council of the Seventy as Church coordinator for War—and Peace

all Latterday Saint servicemen was announced by the A small boy asked his father how wars started.

First Presidency. "Well,"said his father, "suppose America quarreled with President McConkie, who has served as a member England and—"

"But,"of the L. D. S. Servicemen's for several Committee interrupted his mother. "America must never quarrel England."years, will continue this committee, chairwith to work with

man of which is Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of "I know,"said the father, "but I am only taking a hypothe Twelve. thetical instance."

are misleading the child,""You

I protested the mother. the father. "No, not,"shouted am

"Never mind, Dad,"put in the boy, "I think I know how start."Great Lakes Mission wars

Portsmouth, Ohio Editors: Dear KnowHow would like to say that I as a missionary and elder look

I forward to The Improvement Era as I do a letter from "Sculpturing is very easy, isn't it?'asked a sweet lady at

exhibition of an statuary. is It a great home. to help activities, missionary me in my "Very, very easy,"smiled sculptor the very, it. "and very indeed grateful for% and just take of a block You chisel a marble and Lord's rest blessings and MayI amthe upon direct simple. you and guide and

h you in your work, I pray. knock off all the marble you don't want."

Sincerely, Elder Robert M. Griffith A Word of Caution

Farmington, Utah Bill Jones stopped in at a pet store and was entranced by a remarkable bird that was not only beautiful to look at but

Redmesa, Colorado also fluently in spoke eight languages. a round He paid good Editors: Dear

it for the sum asked bird and to have to delivered his house.

thirteen years I like to T am old, and read the Era very at Reaching dinnertime that home evening, he asked, "Has * much. of the our copy comes, When hardly Era the bird anyone come?"

else even gets to look at it until I have read it from cover to ['Yes, dear,""It's his wife replied. in the oven now."

cover. he exclaimed. "What!""In the that oven? bird could Why,

Sincerely, speak eight languages!"

Joan Burnham "So?"said the unperturbed wife. "Then why didn't he say I am a member of Redmesa Ward, Young Stake. something?"

Black Hills District Meeting Held at Wheel Inn for record of any meeting kind any held ter Dillman, the missionaries of Hills the Black a District, and

District A inNEWthe attendanceBlack Hills of the y State es c * Western few Mission attending. district of the members The membership comwas set at the district's annual retreat in the picturesque prises converts and those who have come from the stakes of

Black Hills the shore on of Sheridan Hill the near Lake City, for Church by Francis J. Kiholm, h employment.—Submitted South Dakota, the observing twentyfourth of Bell picJuly. The Fourche (South president. Dakota) Branch % States ture shows Western Mission President Sis- E. and Ray

I

.

Correction:

Articles of Foith $1.50

$1.25 Book of MormonOpportunity of a lifeMISSIONARY EDITION

Peorl of Great Price $.85

time will pass AWAY!

THE WISE MAN ACTS NOW!

The Documentary History of the Church

Period 1. Joseph Smith's day to day record of the revolutionary developments associated with the Restoration of the Gospel, published in Volumes 1*,

2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 and

Period 2. The Apostolic Interregnum, Vol. 7.

Official textbook for Melchizedek Priesthood quorums for 1 95 1 published for a second time in a generation. The first printing has been unavailable

for years. The second (revised) printing, now available, (Vol. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7)

while it is the official text for Melchizedek Priesthood classes, is priced to sell at the very special low price of $1.75 a volume.

Since materials, manufacturing and binding costs are unsettled and are, therefore, subject to change without notice, Now Is The Time To Buy These

Valuable Books.

Buy them all now: Vol. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 at $1.75 a volume,

when purchased separately.

Volumes 2 to 7 inclusive bought as a set, at one time $9.80 cash, postpaid.

Such valuable, important, timely, authentic books, such big books, offered at such prices never before; perhaps never again. Opportunity Says: Buy Them

Now!

:;:Already out of print.

44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

P. O. Box 958

Salt Lake City 10, Utah Please send me DOCUMENTARY HISTORY OF THE CHURCH as follows:

.Volume 4 @ $1.75 Volume 7 @ $1.75

The lot, Vols. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7, at special price $9.80* cash herewith.

Reserve copies of Volume 1, for me, if and when reprinted. Price undertermined, subject to costs at

time of publication.

Name Address All prices are subject to change without notice.

Add 20c sales tax in Utah.

good thitti.,..'"'the rs a. /,\

e* aMtin

m

* ng?&

*V

A-*..; '\ mi i&m.Si**'-. v

'-;:::* jjp-# 1 -.,-:.-..; ''-".- V

Mn

ftt.

i&

J-: to spirit Franklin the bounties enjoy. adopt of of wanted Ben No wonder The we

>: turkey the is national bird! During as our Thanksgiving just one of good many "v *'*",*''4x>,"*

November King Turkey is the proud, strutthings we share as a family... Many of \1&&:W

ting hero of the barnyard. But soon he'll these good things of life can be safe- * *..<

be served upon countless tables as a symbol guarded with Beneficial Life Insurance.

BENEFICIAL LIFE