ASK YOUR DEALER FOR

Z. C. M. I. FACTORY

SCOUT SHOES

The ideal outdoor Shoe for the boy a theicout,schoolthe boy.mechanic, the farmer or

at

I. Fac-.S Ask your dealer for Z. C. M.

tory Shoes and Overalls.

s ZH Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECT PATTERN Prepaid Parcel Post to any part of United States. 2c extra oa each * garment to Canada or Mexico.

These Approved Temple Garment* are knitted and made right here In our own Utah factory, to your special order and measurements. Lowest prices

on market. Mall your order to us now andsay yon saw It In th* "Improvement Era."

LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LABEL, IN EVERY GARMENT No. 11 Light weight cotton.....'. f2.25

20 Light weight cotton bleached 2.50o 60 Medium weight cotton..",;. 2.75

22 Medium weight cotton bleached 2.75

00 Heavy weight cotton, 925 24 Heavyl weight cotton bleached 3.75 50 Extra white double, bleached mere: 5.00

10 Medium weight wool mixture 5.00

16 Heavy weight wool 6.00

18 Extra heavy wool 7.00

Slses from 32 to 44 bust, and 52 to 64 length, as desired. Longer than

64 In, or over 44 In. bust, each size 2<V extra. Garments with double backs

25c extra per suit. We make any size desired.

Measure bust around body under arm; length, from center on top of

shoulder down to Inside of ankle. Orders fo? less than two garments notE accepted. Infant Shirts—Sllknltne and Lamb's Wool Shirts, f1.00 sack. State

baby's age.

MODEL KNITTING WORKS FRANKLYN OHRISTIANSON, Manager 657 Iversoa Street, Salt Lake City, Utah Phone Hy. 516

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

!"iiiiiiiimiiiiiimmiiimimimmiiii iiiiiiiiiiiinnniiiiiiiiiiiin>iniiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiMiini!iMiiiiiiiiiillilliililliliiilillillllllllllllilllllllllllllliiiI>

The Divine Answer

My soul's in doubt, amidst contending creeds;

Give thou to me, God, the wisdom that shall meet my needs!

Make known to me The truth, I faint in tumults, words and war;

Reach thou to me a helping hand afar. |

Enough to know that in thy word is found

The remedy:

That he who asks, in knowledge shall abound

Eternally.

Thy voice shall never such a one upbraid

But in thy favor bask all unafraid.

1 venture, then, thy Presence to implore, |

This lovely morn;

Whate'er the answer is for me in store, |

Or danger borne! 1

Grant me my heart's desire: "Which church is right?"J

Show me the way, and save me from the night.

s zs He cries for help, when demons'powers alarm,

In dark despair;

'Tis then God's light is seen to shield from harm,

And in the air, In glory, Father and the Son appear,

Commanding him the Savior Son to hear!

Edward H. Anderson

9Ttlllllllltllllil)>llllltltl1 II II lllllllllllll 1 1 II II 1 1 II IIII1I1MII II II 1 1 1 II i II III 1111 II II 1 1! > M! 1 1 1 1 1: II 1 1 J 1 1 1 1 Uid-""J'II Ml li 111 1 1 1 1 L 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 1 il I J 1 1 1 1 1 1 S 1 1 1 1 1 Mil! II II 111 1 1 < 1 1 i 1 1 Ml tllS

THE SACRED CROVE IN SUMMER Joseph Smith Farm, Palmyra, New York, showing the Sacred Tree said to be nearest the space where the Father and Son appeared to the boy Joseph Improvement Era

Vol. XXIII APRIL, 1920 No. 6

The Messenger of Morn

By Orson F. Whitney

Earth rose from wintry sleep, baptized and cleansed,

And on her tranquil brow, that seemed to feel

The holy and confirming hand of Heaven,

The warm light in a wealth of glory streamed.

Deep in the calm of woodland solitudes,

Nature, deft handmaid of Divinity,

With skill incomparable had set the scene

For some glad change, some joyful happening,

Told in the countless caroling of birds,

Darting their mingled hues like tongues of flame,

Gilding the springtime foliage and flowers.

Glad happening, in sooth, for ne'er before,

Since burst the heavens when Judah's starlit hills

Heard angel choristers peal joy's refrain

Above the mangered Babe of Bethlehem,

Had Earth such scene beheld, as now within

The bosom of that sylvan solitude,

Hard by the borders of a humble home,

Upon a fair and fateful morn was played.

Players—Immortal Twain and mortal one,

A rustic lad, unschooled and lowlyborn,

Standing but fourteen steps upon life's stair;

Boy and yet man, thinker of thoughts profound;

Boy and yet man, dreamer of lofty dreams.

Not solemn, save betimes, when hovered near

Some winged inspiration from far worlds 470 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Some master thought, sent down from mightier spheres

To lay on human hearts a spell divine;

loving life, Not melancholy—mirthful,

Brimming with health, and glad with wholesome glee.

Bowing to God, yet bending to no creed,

Adoring not a manmade deity, That saved or damned regardless of desert,

Ne'er reckoning the good or evil done;

Loving and worshiping the God of old,

The God of Enoch and of Abraham,

The Christian God when Christian faith was pure,

The gracious God of reason, truth and right,

Longsuffering and just and merciful,

Meting to every work fit recompense,

Yet giving more, far more, than merit's claim;

Bowing to Him, but not to idols vain,

And shunning shameful strife where peace should dwell,

He holds aloof from those degenerate sects,

Bewildering Babel of conflicting creeds,

And pondering that promise of the past "To him who wisdom seeks, is wisdom given,"

Trusts the good word and puts it to the test.

What pen can paint the marvel that befell?

What tongue the wondrous miracle portray?

Whose dual Presence dimmed the noonday beam,

Communing with him there, as friend with friend,

And giving to that prayer reply of peace?

E'en as when Moses, on the unknown Mount,

Strove 'gainst the rage of baffled Lucifer,

Who fain had guised him as the Glorious One,

To win the worship of that prophet pure,

E'en so with Gloom he strove ere Glory dawned,

And black despair met bright deliverance.

Within the silent grove, sequestered shade,

While spirit hosts unseen spectators stood,

Watching the simple scene's sublimity,

Eternity high converse held with Time;

Heaven's sovereign Sire, through him both Sire and Son,

Forespeaking the Beginning of the End.

"No church the Christ's"—'twas thus the answer came

"All sects and creeds have wandered from The Way.

Priestcraft in lieu of Priesthood sits enthroned;

Dead forms deny the power of godliness.

THE MESSENGER OF MORN 471

Men worship with their lips, their hearts afar,

None serve acceptably in sight of Heaven.

Wherefore, a Work of Wonder shall be wrought,

And perish all the wisdom of the wise."

So dawned the Dispensation of the End,

That foldeth all of Christ's, and maketh one.

Wherefore came down this chosen messenger—

Chosen on Earth, but chosen first in Heaven;

The martyred Seer who gave up life to lift

The Ensign unto Ephraim, God's firstborn?

Hark to that call, whose clear, familiar tone

Was heard in ages, dispensations, past,

Was told to times and worlds that went before!

Call of the Spirit, answered by the Blood,

Voice of the Shepherd, by the sheep well known.

Now, Israel, to the Rock whence ye were hewn

Roll, rills and rivers, to your Origin!

For He that scattered, gathereth his flock,

His ancient flock, and sets their pilgrim feet

On Joseph's mountaintops and Judah's plains.

Time, mighty daughter of Eternity!

Mother of ages and of aeons past!

Assemble now thy children at thy side,

And ere thou diest, teach them to be one.

Link to its link, rebind the broken chain

Of dispensations, glories, keys and powers,

From Adam's fall unto Messiah's reign.

Six days thou, Earth, hast labored, and the seventh,

Thy Sabbath, comes apace! Night's sceptre wanes,

And in the East the silvery Messenger

Gives silent token of the golden Dawn.

Once more the Ancient Tidings among men;

Once more the Preparation and the Power:

Repent! repent! the Kingdom is at hand

Make ready for the coming of the King!

His burden: hear it, nations! hear it, isles!

Ere falls that hour—Night's darkest ere the Dawn.

The Trial ends; the Judgment now begins;

Out, out of her, My people, saith your God!

"A Marvelous Work and a Wonder"

By President Heber J. Grant

We celebrate the hundredth anniversary of a marvelous occurrence fraught with wondrous results, not only to those who lived in the day in which it took place, but to men and women of today; and its influence will continue to be felt for good in

all the years that are to come.

The appearance of God the Father and his Son Jesus Christ to the boy prophet Joseph Smith is the greatest event that has taken place in all the world since the birth of our Lord and Redeemer, Jesus Christ. It was the most wonderful vision ever bestowed upon mortal man; for, while Jesus the Son had walked

and talked with men both before and after his resurrection, I know of no record in which we are informed that both ever appeared together in a visit to the earth, as in this marvelous vision to Joseph Smith.

The event marks the beginning of "a marvelous work and a wonder,"which was foretold by Isaiah the Prophet (29:13, 14)

confirmed by Daniel (2:2944), and further predicted by John

the Revelator (14:6,7). The personal visitation of the Father

and the Son, choosing Joseph to be the leader of the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times, marked the beginning of this work, and this was supplemented by the visitation of angels and other holy messengers, conferring upon Joseph the powers of the

Priesthood, the authority to act in the name of God—to introduce the gospel of Jesus Christ by divine authority to mankind,

and by divine direction to organize and establish the true Churh of Christ in the latter days.

The vision was a reality and direct. When Joseph received

it, men were loth to believe that it was possible for God or holy beings to speak to man on the earth. But after he had declared

his message there followed, even up to this day, false "spiritist"communications, in many directions all over the land. This was

doubtless the design of Satan, done to deceive the people. But

note the difference between the right and the genuine, the wron and the spurious. As far as I am aware, there has not been a

single case of direct revelation or visitation from the spirit world, except through the authority of the Priesthood restored through the Prophet Joseph Smith. Alleged communications

have been received without number, but almost invariably, these have been made through mediums, or mechanical devices, and as invariably have resulted in little or no particular good or purpose. Joseph Smith received his divine message direct from

the messangers sent of God, and was not dependent upon a medium of anv kind, either through person or by mechanism;

there was nothing that stood between him and the messenger.

"A MARVELOUS WORK AND A WONDER"473

who was sent of God to deliver, personally, the divine message which he had been intrusted to deliver to the Prophet, for the purpose of establishing the great work of the Lord and to further

His purposes in the earth. Furthermore, each message delivered

resulted in good to the human race. Joseph required no medium, but personally heard from the divine messengers, the

glorious tidings that God desired to intrust to him, and which were necessary for the founding and building of God's "marvelous work and a wonder"in the latter days.

The greatest evidences of the divinity of the First Vision, as well as of the visitations of angels and other messengers to

Joseph, the Prophet, that followed the First Vision, are the practical results that have come from the messages that were delivered and the authority that was conferred. The gospel in

its purity, has been restored to the earth. The wonderful record

of the ancient people of this continent, the Book of Mormon, was brought forth from its hiding place in the Hill Cumorah, containing a fulness of the gospel as taught by the Lord and

Savior, Jesus Christ, upon this continent of America. The

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was organized on the 6th of April, 1830, in the town of Fayette, Seneca County, N. Y.,

and has prospered in temporal and spiritual, in moral and economic affairs, from the day of its organization, regardless of the persecution and obstacles that it has persistently encountered and overcome in its career of practically one hundred years.

This Church is built upon the rock of revelation, through which means the constituted authorities thereof receive authority from

God direct, to act in their callings and to enjoy the gifts and powers of the gospel. The mission of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints is one of peace. It aiim t-i prepare

the people of the world for the second coming of Christ, and for the inauguration of that blessed day when the Millennium shall come and Christ shall reign as the King of kings, standing at the head of the universal brotherhood of man.

One writer has referred in a short review to some of the accomplishments of the Latterday Saints, in the following words:

"From forty members, in 1830, the following of the Church today has grown to hundreds of thousands. In the beginning it had the Prophet Joseph

alone to declare its doctrines, now it has missionaries in all liberal nations of the earth. It has prospered through the fire of severest persecution. Driven,

peeled and scattered, their prophet and patriarch basely murdered for their testimonies, its members have rallied with each onslaught and pressed on with the work with greater force and power than before. It counts its

martyrs by the score, its heroes and heroines by the thousands. Driven from

their homes in Illinois, they were marvelously sustained by God in their wonderful exodus to the Rocky Mountains. In this wilderness of the West

the rich blessings of the Lord have followed them in the establishment of one of the most prosperous, thrifty and happy commonwealths of our nation. To it have been gathered tens of thousands of the poor from the na474 IMPROVEMENT ERA

lions of the earth to build up and beautify the latterday Zion, virtually fulfilling the prediction: 'And many people shall go and say, Come ye, and

let us go up to the mountain of the Lord, to the House of the Cod of Jacob;

and he will teach us of his ways and we will walk in his paths; for out of

Zion shall go forth the law, and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem.*

And this one: The wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them;

and the desert shall rejoice, and blossom as the rose.'

"Temples, schools, houses of worship, cities and villages have sprung up in the thirsty wilderness, and the result of the faith, the thrift and the labor of this peculiar people may be seen in their beautiful homes, gardens, fields, herds, and possessions, in the whole region of the great West: while

the religious truths promulgated by them, without money or pay, are taking root, yea bearing fruit, not alone in their own midst but even among the heathen and, in every Christian land. Havir g discarded 1dead forms,

the members of this Church worship from the heart, and point to a living faith, fully sustained by noble works. Their Church organization is unsurpassed, their government unequaled in modern annals. They build temples

for the worship of God and for the performance of ordinances for the living and the dead, and the path of their persecutions, as well as the land which they now peacefully inhabit, is dotted by these holy structures.

Everything about them points to the peculiar people that were to be established in the latter days—their whole career is a 'marvelous work and

a wonder.'"—Anderson's Brief History of the Church.

This summary, which might be added to indefinitely, by facts and figures, can be demonstrated to be true by anyone who is willing to pay a visit to the cities and settlements of the Latter-day Saints, stretching from Canada on the north to Mexico on the south, in all the intermountain country of our great and glorious land, the Unite rl States, with thriving colonics in many foreign lands, and upon the islands of the sea. And it is not out

of place to predict that the people of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints will continue to thrive and prosper, spiritually and temporally, as long as they keep the commandments of

God and walk in the way which he shall point out through his inspired servants holding the holy Priesthood. They are a people whose faith, teachings, thrift, and temporal and spiritual

progress will be a blessing and an advantage to the whole nation.

A people whom none need to fear, but on the contrary, bless and welcome, because they seek to do the will of the Lord, to treat all people in conformity with the principles of justice and righteousness, themselves loyal and lawabiding, obedient to the rules and regulations of the just governments of the earth, and the vitalizing gospel of Jesus Christ, established and restored through the instrumentality of Joseph Smith by visitation of

God and his Son, Jesus the Christ who stands at the head of the great and marvelous work in which we are engaged. Their

motto is "Truth and Liberty,"and they would extend these to all mankind, and make all mankind partakers of the influence of peace and righteousness which accompany the true gospel of

Jesus Christ—the only means by which peace and the brotherhood of man may be established in all the world,

Sacred Grove, and lane from she barn, showing grove in the distance;

also the creek where some of the early baptisms were performed, Palmyra,

New York.

Joseph Smith's First Vision and Scripture

Promises

By President Anthon H. Lund

This Spring it will be one hundred years since an event happened which was epochmaking in the faith of many thousands of people. This event took place in the Spring of 1820.

A young boy, but little past fourteen years of age, was deeply concerned in regard to choosing the right church that taught the true principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

This anxiety was caused by the great excitement that existed at that time in his neighborhood concerning religion. Each of

the different denominations was claiming that its mode of worship was the only correct one, and that its members had the true gospel. As the teachings of each one of the sects were far from

fact, contrarybeing in harmony with those of the others—in

to bewildered. He thought there them—the young boy was

could be only one accepted of God. This belief of his was confirmed by the Apostle Paul in his letter to the Ephesians (4:4-6),

in which he says: "There is one body, and one Spirit, even as

ye are called in one hope of your calling; one Lord, one faith,

one baptism, one God, and Father of all, who is above all, and 476 IMPROVEMENT ERA

through all, and in you all."Instead of unity the boy found

diversity, contention, and confusion.

The important question to him was, Which sect has the true Gospel? He was a firm believer in the Bible, and he

sought in this divine storehouse of truth, to find a solution. He

read what James writes in the first chapter and fifth verse of his letter: "If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that

giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall

be given him."The young man felt that he was greatly in need

of wisdom, and that in this passage a disciple of Christ had given him a key to obtain the knowledge for which he hungered. He had full faith in the words of the inspired writer,

and concluded to follow his instruction.

A short distance west of his father's house there is a small grove, which, from that which occurred there, has been called the Sacred Grove. We do not know the exact date, when the

future prophet offered the prayer that opened the heavens, which had for so long a time seemed to be of brass; but he

says it was in the Spring. He was seeking solitude, and as he

had not prayed before, using his own words, he was, no doubt, shy to let any one know what he intended to do, or to see him kneeling, and the solitude he sought would not be obtained while the trees were bare; so, I would judge that the trees were

clothed in their fresh, verdant attire; hence, some time in late

April.

Elder Willard Bean, who has charge of the Smith farm says that much snow falls in that part of New York state, and

Winter is slow in yielding its grasp to Spring's warming and re viving influence.

It was about Christmas time, in company with Presi dent Joseph F. Smith and members of the party that went

with him to the dedication of the Monument erected in mem ory of the Prophet Joseph Smith at his birthplace in Sharon

Vermont, that we visited the home of the Prophet's father. It

was with feelings of reverence and almost awe that I entered the bedroom of the Prophet, for here he had communed with heavenly beings and received teachings to prepare him for the great work that he was destined to accomplish. After we had

viewed the different rooms in the house where Joseph Smith had spent the years of his youth, the company crossed the road and took a path to the west. We crossed a rill, or brooklet,

said to have been the place where a number of the early members of the Church had been baptized. A short distance from

there we reached the Grove where the young boy offered his first prayer and received the glorious Vision which we look upon today as the beginning of the Dispensation of the Fulness

JOSEPH SMITH'S FIRST VISION 47?

of Times. We selected a spot which we thought would be

the most likely place for the purpose for which we had come.

If not on the very spot, we knew it must be close to it, where

Joseph had attempted to pray, but had been subjected to the power of the adversary, but then the Father and the Son appeared to him, and he received an answer to his question. We

felt that we were standing on hallowed ground. All present

joined in singing, "Joseph Smith's First Prayer."A heavenly

peace pervaded our hearts; and, with grateful emotions, we offered thanks to our heavenly Father for the mission filled by

our martyred prophet, and for the testimony we had received of his divine calling through the Holy Spirit.

We will quote the Prophet's own description of what was in reality the beginning of this marvelous work which the Lord said he was about to bring forth:

After I had retired to the place I had previously designed to go, havng looked around me, and finding myself alone, I kneeled down and began to offer up the desires of my heart to God. I had scarcely done so,

when immediately I was seized upon by some power which entirely overcame me, and had such an astonishing influence over me as to bind my tongue so that I could not speak. Thick darkness gathered around me,

and it seemed to me, for a time, as if I were doomed to sudden destruction.

But, exerting all my power to call upon God to deliver me out of the power of this enemy which had seized upon me, and at the very moment when I was ready to sink in despair and abandon myself to destruction not to an imaginary ruin, but to the power of some actual being from the unseen world, who had such marvelous power, as I have never before felt in any at this moment of great alarm, I saw a being—just pillar of light exactly over my head, above the brightness of the sun, which

descended gradually until it fell upon me.

It no sooner appeared than I found myself delivered from the enemy, which held me bound. When the light rested upon me, I saw two personages

whose brightness and glory defy all description, standing above me in the air. One of them spoke to me, calling me by same, and said, pointing to

the other "This is my beloved Son, hear him."

As soon as Joseph got possession of himself he asked the personages who stood above him in the light, which of all the sects was right and which he should join. He was answered

that he must join none of them, for they were all wrong, and the personage who addressed him said that all their creeds were an abomination in his sight: that those professors were

all corrupt; that "they draw near to me with their lips, but their

hearts are far from me; they teach for doctrine the commandments of men; having a form of godliness, but they deny the

power thereof."He again forbade Joseph to join with any of

them, and many other things did he say unto him that he could not write at that time.

When Joseph came to himself lie found himself lying upon his back looking up into heaven. When the light departed he

478 IMPROVEMENT ERA

had no strength, but soon recovered so that he could walk home. As he leaned up to the fireplace his mother asked him

what was the matter with him. He answered: "Never mind, all

i well—I am well enough off."He then said to his mother: "I

have learned for myself that Presbyterianism is not true."

No doubt the adversary of mankind did not desire that this young person should learn the pitiful conditions of the world in regard to the true knowledge of God, and, therefore, did all to crush him, but help was near, and the enemy fled.

While he was under the adversary's influence, he said that thick darkness gathered around him. Abraham had a similar

experience. On the same day, just before the Lord promised

Abram that he and his seed should possess the land of Canaan, a deep sleep fell upon him, and"lo,an horror of darkness fell upon

Abram."Great, however, was his joy when the Lord unfolded

to him the great destiny awaiting his descendants.

When an angel was sent to the Prophet Daniel to inform him of coming events in the history of the world, the Prince of

Persia, or the Prince of the air, had power to hold back the heavenly messenger twentyone days until Michael came to his aid. These instances of the manifestations of the power of the

adversary of man corroborate the experience of the young boy, and put the stamp of truthfulness on his words.

Hearing the precious words: "This is my beloved Son, hear

him,"made plain to young Joseph that the Speaker was God, our heavenly Father; and that the other personage was Jesus

Christ, the Son of God. The same testimony that Jesus was

the Son of God was heard on the banks of the River Jordan, when Jesus was baptized by John, as he was coming up out of the water. It was heard when Jesus took Peter, James and John

up on the mountain of the Transfiguration and was visited by

Moses and Elias. A bright cloud overshadowed them and a

noise out of the cloud said: "This is my beloved Son in whom

I am well pleased."It was also heard at Zarahemla in the Land

Bountiful when Jesus appeared to the people on the American continent.

That which Joseph Smith saw and heard in his first Vision is contrary to the belief of the Christian world; and that which

seems to us to be of the greatest importance is wholly denied by professors of religion. We will examine these points and

compare them with what the Scriptures teach. To make them

clear to our minds, we will limit them to three propositions, or questions: I. Has God a body, parts, and passions, and was man

created in his image?

JOSEPH SMITH'S FIRST VISION 479

II. Has there been a general apostasy, and have professors

of religion taught for doctrines commandments of men?

III. Is belief in new revelation false?

I. That God has neither body, parts, nor passions is the

general belief of the Christian world; but it seems to us that

the Bible is very clear to the contrary in its statements concerning God, for it teaches that man was created in his likeness.

"And God said let us make man in our image, after our likeness."

"So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them."The young

boy Joseph saw that man was indeed created in the image and likeness of God, and that the doctrine denying this was a doctrine devised by man.

John, the beloved apostle of the Savior, declares, "And this is life eternal that they might know thee, the only true God, and

Jesus Christ whom thou hast sent."This shows us how important it is to have the true knowledge of God, as it involves

the question of eternal life.

Paul writes in the first chapter of his letter to the Hebrews, speaking of the Son, "Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high."Here we learn that Jesus was the express image of the

person of God, and sat down at the right hand of Majesty. God

spake to Moses face to face. The Lord said: "With him [Moses]

will I speak mouth to mouth, even apparently, and not in dark speeches; and the similitude of the Lord shall he behold."With

his hand he shaded his glory in passing by Moses, and then allowed Moses to see his back parts.

The above shows that Jesus was the express image of the person of the Father, and that he had parts. As to passions,

we read that God is a jealous God; that his anger was hot

against Israel; that he is a merciful God; that he "so loved the

world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life '* (John 3:16.) David, speaking of the character of God, says: "The

foolish shall not stand in thy sight: thou hatest all workers of

iniquity."

II. The Personage who spoke to Joseph told him not to

join any of the sects; for they were all wrong.

From this we infer that the true gospel was not on the earth. Did the ancient prophets and apostles look forward to

a time when there should come a general apostasy of rhe 480 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Church? I will allude to some passages that indicate that the

prophetic writers foresaw that such a condition would exist. In

Paul's second letter to theThessalonians, second chapter and first verse, he writes: "Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming

of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him, that ve be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter as from us, as that the day of

Christ is at hand. Let no man deceive you by any means; for

that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition; who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or

that is worshiped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God,

showing himself that he is God."We read in Amos 8:11: "Behold the days come, saith the Lord God, that I will send a famine in the land, not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for water,

but of hearing the words of the Lord; and they shall wander

from sea to sea, and from the north even to the east, they shall run to and fro to seek the word of the Lord and shall not find it"I will quote two more passages bearing upon this subject.

Rev. 13:7: "And it was given unto him [the dragon] to make

war with the saints, and to overcome them: and power was given

him over all kindreds, and tongues, and nations."This includes

all the inhabitants of the earth, and is, indeed, a sad statement of what John saw should come to pass. In the next chapter,

however, he conveys a glad message. Rev. 14:6: "And I saw

another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell upon the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people."This

to beshows that the proclamation was to be universal—none

exempt, for all were without the everlasting gospel.

That this preaching was not referring to the preaching of the apostles formerly is made clear in the next verse: "Saying

with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour

of his judgment is come; and worship him that made heaven,

and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters."The angel

was to come before the last judgment.

No wonder that the testimony of young Joseph stirred up the professors of religion against Joseph, but he dared not deny or smooth down that which he had heard.

Even history bears out the truth of universal apostasy. The

historian Hegesippus, who flourished "nearest the days of the

Apostles,"is quoted by Eusebius as saying in regard to the times of the first century after Christ and the beginning of the second century: "The Church continued until then as a pure and uncorrupt virgin; whilst if there were any at all that attempted

to pervert the sound doctrine of the saving gospel, they were

482 IMPROVEMENT ERA

yet skulking in dark retreats; but when the sacred choir of the

Apostles became extinct, and the generations of those that had been privileged to hear their inspired wisdom had passed away, then also the combinations of impious error arose by the fraud and delusions of false teachers. These also, as there were none

of the Apostles left, henceforth attempted without shame to preach their false doctrines against the gospel of truth."

Mosheim tells us that both Jews and heathens were accustomed to a vast variety of pompous and magnificent rites and ceremonies in their religious service. And, as they considered

these rites as essential parts of religion, they looked with contempt on the simplicity of the Christian worship. To meet this

objection the Bishops thought it was necessary to introduce more rites and ceremonies, and they did so.

It is easy to see that the manmade ceremonies and rites would be taken to be as essential as those belonging to the Gospel, and when these latter were also changed then indeed the prophet's word came true: "The earth is defiled under the inhabitants thereof, because they have transgressed the laws,

changed. the ordinance, broken the everlasting covenant."

The Church of England frankly avers the fact of the apostasy, as set forth in the homily against the "Peril of Idolatry,"first published about the middle of the sixteenth century: "So

that the laity and the clergy, learned and unlearned, all ages, sects, and degrees of men, women and children, of whole Christhorrible and most dreadful thing to think—haveendom—a

been at once drowned in abominable idolatry; of all other vices

most detested of God, and most damnable to man, and that by the space of 800 years and more.",

III. Is belief in new revelation false? That God

will not reveal himself in our age is generally held by the religious denominations. Joseph, the young boy, having implicit

faith in the word of God, proved the words of James were true.

His prayer was heard; the Father and the Son appeared unto

him. He saw them descending from heaven. They instructed

him not to join any of the sects, because they were all wrong. He

was astonished to find that when he told what he had seen and heard he was persecuted. He says: "Why persecute me for telling the truth? I have actually seen a vision, and who am I that

I can withstand God, or does the world think to make me deny what I have actually seen? For I had seen a vision; I knew it,

and I knew that God knew it, and I could not deny it, neither dared I do it, at least I knew that by so doing I would offend

God, and come under condemnation."

After this first vision he received many other revelations for

JOSEPH SMITH'S FIRST VISION 4M

the guidance of the Church. He was informed that this is the

"dispensation of the fulness of times."As all other dispensations had been introduced by revelation from God, so also this

was ushered in by heavenly beings revealing the mind and will of God to men. On* the fifteenth of May, 1829, John the Baptist appeared to Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery and ordained

them to the Aaronic Priesthood which held the authority to baptize for the remission of sins. A short time thereafter Peter,

James, and John appeared to them and ordained them to the

Melchizedek Priesthood, which gave them authority to officiate in all the ordinances of the Gospel. On the sixteenth of February, 1832, Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon received that

glorious revelation called The Vision. They say: "And now

after the many testimonies which have been given of him, this is the testimony last of all, which we give of him, that he lives;

for we saw him, even on the right hand of God, and we heard the voice bearing record that he is the Only Begotten of the

Father."I was trained in a Lutheran school. We had to repeat passages from Bishop Ballo's Commentary for school use after

having committed them to memory. We learned much that was

very good, but also some doctrines that I could not accept. I

remember one passage, which, I know, was contrary to the testimony of Joseph Smith. I will quote it from memory: "If

any one should say he had received new, divine revelation, we must not put any faith in such a declaration; for God has nowhere promised to give any more revelation for the enlightenment of man."To prove this he referred to Gal. 1:8-9. I

opened my Bible and read: "But though we, or an angel from

heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that we have preached unto you, let him be accursed. As we said before, so

say I now again, If any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed."I saw that

the learned bishop had not proved his contention. Paul had

been converted by revelation. He told of the wonderful revelations he had received, and if Paul had meant what Bishop Ballo

tries to prove, namely, that no more revelations should be given, what about the Revelation by John written years afterwards? I

read that Elijah would come before the coming of the great and dreadful day, also that John saw an angel flying in the midst of heaven with an important message to all people.

In studying the first vision of Joseph and what he saw and heard, the Scriptures, history, and the fulfilment of the word* of revelations received afterwards, all bear witness to the truthfulness of the young man and of the truths he enunciated.

The Edict of a Century

By President Charles W. Penrose

The Nineteenth Century shines out in fadeless glory, distinct from all its predecessors as their superior for advancement in art, science, invention, novel activities, developments of old ideas and forces, discoveries that startled the world, and progress in all that aforetime was counted as intellectual, practical and beneficial. It was a wondrous age, teeming with miracles, a

splendid chapter of the world's history. But there was one

event therein that will be eternally regarded as the most resplendent and important of all, when its reality and its results become universally known and understood:

In the early spring of the year 1820 there occurred something unique in the annals of time. The Almighty God, Creator

of heaven and earth, architect of the universe, center of life and light, with his beloved Son, the immortal Christ, the world's

Redeemer, in the brightness of their glory, casting into shade the morning sunbeams of that beautiful day, manifested themselves to humble, trembling humanity. Not amid the thunderings of

disturbed elements, in flame of fire or frowning cloud, in quaking earth or acclaiming heavenly hosts, to gaping crowds or proud professors or learned divines, but in a quiet grove near an obscure village of a sparsely populated part of western New York state, and to a mere boy, little over fourteen years of age, of the common and Smith, who knelt in earnest names—Joseph

faith and prayer seeking to know which of all the clanging "Christian"sects had the true religion.

The story of this great revelation has been published far and wide but has never been told with greater effect than as given in simple form by the boy Prophet himself. The substance of it is that on beholding the two glorious beings he

asked the momentous question; and one of them pointing to

the other replied: "This is my beloved Son, hear him**

The boy then received, through the Son, the information that the entire religious world was astray, and the injunction to go after none of the sects, for their teachings were but "the commandments of men."He was promised that in due time the

fulness of the everlasting gospel should be made known to him.

This was something new indeed. Not only to the opening,

remarkable century, but to all the preceding ages. Never before,

THE EDICT OF A CENTURY 485

so far as history has recorded, was Deity thus fully manifested.

The Father and the Son as distinct and separate personalities, spiritual, but tangible beings in human form, the Holy Spirit emanating from them as light and life and witness of their divinity to the soul of the inspired youth seeking after God! No

mere immaterial, bodiless, incomprehensible abstractions were they or either of them, but real, actual beings, with form and feature and individuality, the Father and His Son each in the majesty and unity of exalted, perfected, and glorified humanity.

The great truth was made plain that God did literally make man "in his own likeness"and that Christ Jesus was "the express image of his person."

Another great fact set forth was the utter departure of the whole world from the true Christian faith and worship, with the truth that "God is not the author of confusion"or contention or discord, as manifest throughout entire Christendom. The

complete lack of Divine authority was also disclosed, showing that all administrations of ordinances in the name of the Holy

Trinity were void and of no heavenly effect. The absolute need

of a new divine dispensation was thus made palpable.

That wondrous vision was the opening scene of the great latterday glory and "restitution of all things"predicted by the holy prophets. The world had departed from God. He condescended to come to humanity. Immortality descended and

touched mortality. Not in man's ways did he proceed but in

his own manner he acted. By his Son he created all things "in

the beginning;"by his Son he opened the way for the world's

redemption. By his Son as Jehovah he spake to the ancients,

and revealed himself on Mount Sinai. By his Son he speaks today as he did a hundred years ago and calls upon the world to

'Hear him!'"

Following that manifestation came numerous revelations of priceless worth and import. Such as: The uncovering of the

golden plates, containing the ancient history of America, by the ministrations of the angel Moroni; the translation of the hieroglyphic engravings thereon "by the gift and power of God"

given to Joseph Smith; the restoration of the Holy Priesthood

(the Aaronic by John the Baptist, the Melchizedek by Peter,

James and John) making legitimate the administration of baptism for the remission of sins, the confirmation by the laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost, the naming and blessing of children, ordinations to the sacred offices of Apostle,

Patriarch, Hieh Priest, Seventy, Bishop, Elder, Priest, Teacher, and Deacon; the full organization of the Church of Jesus Christ

of Latterday Saints, the further ministration of Christ himself, of Michael (or Adam), of Gabriel (or Noah), of Moses, of Elijah, 486 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and of other prophets bearing the keys of divine power needed in "the dispensation of the fulness of times"opened by Deity in the spring of 1820.

Thus the true gospel, the one "strait and narrow way"to eternal life, has been sent forth to all nations, preparatory to the second advent of Messiah and the establishment of the Millenium of peace. All the ordinances and institutions of Christ's

own Church with its signs and gifts and miracles and inspirations have been restored, and that which is sealed or loosed by this authority on earth is surely sealed or loosed in heaven. Salvation for the dead as well as for the living has been declared,

by which the hosts of the departed who knew not the only way of salvation while in the flesh, can learn of it in the spirit sphere, and needful ordinances may be performed in their behalf by the living Saints who thus become "Saviors upon Mount

Zion,"and the justice and mercy of the Most High are maintained.

The future estates of mankind, in the "many mansions"of the Father's Kingdom, each soul being judged and given his due "according to his works,"the universality, periods and distinctive conditions of a literal resurrection with the different degrees of glory to be enjoyed by the several orders of the worthy sons and daughters of God and the various rewards of corrective punishment for the wicked have been revealed in great plainness, displacing the senseless notion of centuries that a heaven of ceaseless praise or a hell of everlasting torment, was the common lot of the saved or the damned. The heavenly order of celestial

marriage; that is, matrimony for time and all eternity, with everincreasing progress in family joys and powers and posterity, has

also been made known, instead of the manmade contract which ends at death and gives no hope for the eternal future.

The destiny of this globe as an orb that has "filled the measure of its creation"and is therefore entitled to the crown of everlasting life, and the presence of its Creator, with those immortal beings belonging to it who have been "obedient to law,"as one of the ransomed and glorified worlds in affinity and communion with the highest constellations, is one more gleam of light from the stream that came from on high with the opening vision in the early spring of 1820 and has illumined the Church which Christ has set up, through all the experiences of a century. The past, with its preexistent state of earth's inhabitants

before they were born of the flesh, their perfect relations to

Deity and each other, their future, dependent largely upon their own doings while in mortality, have been disclosed to those who "walk in the light"and are led by the Spirit of God. In

all those things there is joy, and comfort, and hope, and everTHE EDICT OF A CENTURY 4S7

increasing faith. And they have all come from God through revelation by "the voice of Jesus Christ,"in the order declared by

the Eternal Father a century ago. To the commandment, "Hear

him,"then given, the Prophet Joseph rendered implicit obedience, from the day that he first communed with Deity, to the end of his earthly career, when he, with his beloved brother

Hyrum, together met a martyr's fate at Carthage, Illinois, on the 27th of June, 1844. No greater Prophet than he ever ministered among men. He finished the work given him to do when

a boy. He faced the violent opposition of all sects and parties,

put to silence the sneers and scoffs of the whole religious world, braved the fury of mobs and the tyranny of lawless civil and military forces, organized the grandest religious system ever offered to mankind, translated records by gifts unknown to science, uncovering the buried history of a hemisphere, advanced the principles on which the institutions and achievements of "Mormonism"have been built and accomplished, and obtained a fame that has spread to all nations, and will increase in appreciation as the centuries roll on.

The word of God to him in the sacred grove is going forth with force to mankind. It proclaimed the Sonship and Godhead

of the Christ and gave the commandment to "Hear him;"That

edict is for the Latterday Saints to obey. All the revelations to

the Church have come from Jesus Christ. Read them in the

Doctrine and Covenants, and in the Book of Mormon. The

words "Hear him"are directed in the latter work to the Gentiles on this land as well as to the whole house of Israel. This

nation is to be prospered and fortified and blest with liberty, if the people will "serve the God of the land who is Jesus

Christ."This is the divinely ordained condition. And the day

cometh when those who will not hearken to his voice will be rejected of God and cut off from his promise.

Great events are portending. The word of the Lord will

be preached to "the ends of the earth."The duty to proclaim it rests upon his ordained ministers who have received

the authority sent down from heaven to the Prophet Joseph

Smith. It is here today and will not be taken again from the

earth. It will prevail over every hostile power and continue its

work until "every knee shall bow and every tongue shall confess that Jesus is the Christ to the glory of God the Father."Then

all creation shall obey the mandate "Hear him,"for his is the only name given under heaven whereby mankind may be saved.

Come then, all inhabitants of the world! Receive now the divine word of a century ago, turn to Christ and "HEAR HIM!"

Account of Joseph's First Vision

Compared with Biblical Records of Divine Manifestations

By J. M. Sjodahl

To a thoughtful reader of the historical account of the first vision of the Prophet Joseph, his extreme youth at the time he received that glorious manifestation suggests some such questions: Is it credible that God would choose a mere boy as his

messenger? Does the Almighty ignore men who have laboriously accumulated the theological and philosophical wealth of

the in thought and well moulded by exschools—men matured

needs a special messenger? Would he send perience—when he

a child in preference to a Luther, a Knox, a Wesley, a Zinzendorff, a Jonathan Edwards, a Spurgeon?

If we scan the pages of sacred history for the answer to those important queries, we find that he does. We learn that

at the most important epochs in human history, God has almost invariably selected young boys for his special messengers.

The life of Samuel is an illustration.

In the period between Joshua and Eli—for about 250 years—the voice of inspiration had been but feebly heard in the

land, owing to the waywardness of the people. As a consequence,

great political and religious changes were impending. The rule

of the priesthood of God was about to be supplanted by kingly authority in accordance with the pagan pattern, and the state was to be divided and broken up. Calamities were to multiply.

As the dark clouds gathered and lowered in threatening masses, the Lord decided to raise up a prophet to warn the people and interpret "the signs of the times"to them. His choice fell upon Samuel, who was a boy, twelve years of age, when he received

his first vision.

In the life of the Prophet Jeremiah we have another illustration.

He, too, was called to the prophetic office at a time when great political and ecclesiastical catastrophes were approaching. He lived to witness the destruction of Jerusalem by Nebuchadnezzar and the overthrow of the Jewish polity then existing. It was his special mission to warn the people. Jeremiah

received his call when he was yet "a child"(Jer. 1:6), and the

Lord assured him that he had been "sanctified"and "ordained"a prophet unto the nations even before his entrance into this world. (Jer. 1:5.)

The beautiful story of Daniel is another illustration of the same truth.

ACCOUNT OF JOSEPH'S FIRST VISION 489

He was carried captive to Babylon when a boy between twelve and eighteen years of age. Three years later he received

the divine revelation which enabled him to interpret the dream of Nebuchadnezzar, and which established him in his prophetic office, for which he had prepared himself by the faithful observance of the Word of Wisdom and the laws of God generally.

John the Baptist was another mighty prophet, raised up on the very eve of the Mosaic dispensation. He was dedicated to

that calling from the beginning of his existence. We read of

him that he was baptized in his childhood, and that, when he was eight days old, he was ordained by the angel of God unto the power with which he was especially endowed, namely, "to overthrow the kingdom of the Jews"and prepare the people for the coming of the Lord. (Doc. and Cov. 84:28.)

We might add to these illustrations of God's choice of special representatives, the accounts of Joseph in Egypt, of

David, the shepherd boy, of Timothy, the beloved companion of Paul, and of our Lord himself who, at the age of twelve years, in the Temple halls, astonished the rabbis and doctors of law with his questions and answers. They all teach the same great

truth which the boys especially should endeavor totruth—a

have engraved upon their hearts. They show us that when

great changes in the regular course of events of human history are about to take place; when the heavens are about to be

shaken and the earth to tremble, and when the waves of the sea are to heave beyond their bounds; when the Lord needs

a special messenger to warn men of what is coming, he invariably selects a young boy, a child, one who is pure and uncontaminated, free from prejudices, and of sterling character and virtues. Such a boy was Joseph Smith, who was called to the

prophetic office on the eve of an old dispensation and the dawn of a new, as were Samuel, Jeremiah, and John the Baptist. The

Prophet Joseph is in the same class as these. And thus his very

youth is strong presumptive evidence of the divine origin and authenticity of the vision.

Further impregnable evidence appears when we compare the account of this vision with the records of some of the manifestations granted to other great prophets.

Isaiah saw the Lord enthroned in glory, but it is evident that the vision was accompanied by some effort of the powers of darkness to frustrate God's plans, for the prophet exclaimed "Woe is me! fof I am undone; because I am a man of unclean

lips."(Is. 6:5.) He was rescued from this influence by a divine messenger. Daniel's experience by the river Hiddekel was

similar. When he stood in the presence of a being from the

490 IMPROVEMENT ERA

other eide, he fell to the ground (Dan. 10:1-18), and there was

no strength in him until he had been freed from the evil power. Even his companions were seized with fear, and fled.

Saul, on the road to Damascus, in the presence of the divine light that appeared to him, fell to the ground, trembling and blinded. John, the Revelator, fell down as dead, when he saw

his glorified Master on the Isle of Patmos. (Rev. 1:17.)

Such was the experience the Prophet Joseph had on that felt himself in theever memorable day of his first vision. He

grasp of some evil power, thick darkness fell upon him, and he feared that his last hour had come. It was then that he was

saved by the appearance of the divine Personages in the heavenly light. And thus, the marvelous story of the Prophet Joseph's first vision, when compared with Scripture records, bears

the imprint of truth on every line.

If a modern writer of fiction had composed a story of a heavenly vision, he would, in all probability, have embellished his paragraphs with details of the features of the "angels;"with

descriptions of their robes, golden crowns, harps, and especially their wings, for these things went to make up popular notions a century ago, much of it having been borrowed from Dante's and Milton's poems. But the Prophet Joseph's narrative is not

burdened with any such concepts. Rather, it is contrary to what

a writer of popular fiction would have presented. It reads like

a chapter of the Word of God, and it, therefore, comes to us with the irresistible force of truth.

Compare this story with the accounts extant of some alleged spiritual manifestations that have become famous.

Mohammed claimed that Gabriel visited him in a cave on

Mount Hira and there gave him the revelations that were collected later and published as the Koran. Swedenborg, the

founder of a sect that bears his name, in 1743 explained that "the eyes of his inward man"had been opened to see heaven, hell, and the world of spirits, and that he had been enabled to converse with deceased acquaintances and even with many distinguished men of antiquity. The modern Spiritualists have their

mediums, their ouija boards, and other contraptions, through which, as they claim, they communicate with the world beyond the veil. Mrs. Eddy, the founder of "Christian Science,"also

has a strange account of how she was inspired to begin her work of healing.

All accounts of these, and similar, movements, are very different from the stories we have of true revelations and visions of divine origin, including that of Joseph's first vision. That

story, as we have seen, bears irrefutable evidence, both external and internal, of truth.

Joseph the Prophet

By Judge Charles H. Hart, of the First Council of Seventy

One hundred years have passed since the boy Joseph Smith declared he had been visited by two heavenly beings. The first

vision was followed by many other spiritual manifestations reported by him, all of which have resulted in the birth and growth of a young, virile, vigorous Church of worldwide influence and aspirations. The Church thus launched has had a

unique and striking history and has become "a marvelous work and a wonder."

After a century's test and scrutiny by a critical world, is the

Church thus established still required to bear the burden of proof that Joseph Smith was a prophet, or may not unbelief be called upon to give some plausible explanation of the Prophet and his work? How is Joseph and the work inaugurated by him

to be explained with inspiration or divine guidance left out of the account? Did he fabricate the religious experiences and

visions reported by him? Was he a designing impostor? Was

he sincere but misled by delusions or hallucniations? Or was

he divinely inspired, a Prophet? Let each word and act of his

come under the search light of truth and be put to the acid test. The entire record bears no evidence of insincerity. While,

to begin with, many have sought to dispose of him and the work (or which he stood by considering him as a wilful impostor, thoughtful and well informed people concede his sincerity but seek to account for him and what he did by supposing him innocently misled.

Josiah Quincy, in his noted book, Figures of the Past, published in 1882, said of him:

"The man who established a religion in this age of free debate, who was and is today accepted by hundreds of thousands as a direct emissary from the Most High,—such a rare individual is not to be disposed of by

pelting his memory with unsavory epithets. Fanatics and impostors are

living and dying every day and their memory is buried with them, but the wonderful influence which this founder of a religion exerted and still exerts throws him into relief before us, not as a rogue to be criminated but as a phenomenon to be explained. The most vital question Americans

are asking each other today have to do with this man and what he has left us."After describing Joseph as a finelooking man, a remarkable individual, giving the impression of capacity and resource, 492 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and endowed with the kingly faculty to direct others, he comments on Joseph's statesmanship in anticipating by eleven years the wisdom of Emerson in advocating the settlement of the slave question by the purchase of the slaves by sale of public lands.

In conclusion Mr. Quincy writes: "I have endeavored to give the

details of my visit to the Mormon Prophet with absolute accuracy. If the reader does not know just what to make of Joseph

Smith, I can not help him out of the difficulty. I myself stand

helpless before the puzzle."

The theory of Dr. Woodbridge Riley in his book, The

Founder of Mormonism, so far as he has any persisting theory, is that Joseph was sincerely misled. George Trumbull Ladd, of

Yale University, in an introductory preface to Mr. Riley's book,

says: "The rise and growth of 'Mormonism'is one of the most remarkable phenomena of the 19th century. It is deserving of thorough investigation,

conducted from the point of view of the sociologist, the psychologist, or the student of politics or religion."

George Lansing Raymond, in his book, The Psychology of

Inspiration, treats Joseph not only as sincere but as a true "psychic"to be classed with Joan of Arc, Jesus Christ, and others of accepted sincerity.

It is not to be wondered at that the best modern thought phould concede Joseph's honesty. His words and acts attest

fidelitvHow is it that a court, or jury, is impressed with the truthfulness of the testimonv of the witness and may believe him against the statement of many others? The very manner

of telling the storv and demeanor of the witness carry conviction. So with Joseph's story of his visions. What unprejudiced person can read his simple, candid narrative without

believing him honest? It has all the evidence of an actual experience. If an invention, how did it happen that a fourteenyear old bov chose substantially the form of introduction which

the Father has alwavs used, according to the Hebrew scriptures, in introducing the Son? (History of the Church, Vol. 1, Chap!

I and II.) It should be noted that the answer Joseph got was not the answer he was looking for. He asked which of all religions was

right. He assumed that some one or other must be. No preconceived whim or desire on his part could account for the

answer he received. If an impostor, desirous of establishing a

new church, he would not have antagonized all other churches by declaiming them all wrong. The very reply received by him

indicates that it was not of human origin. It has required the

passing of a century for man to more fully realize and learn how true the answer was. Such modern writers as Rev Elvet

JOSEPH THE PROPHET 493

Lewis, in the Atlantic Monthly, Dr. Edwin Davies Schoonmaker,

in Century Magazine, for 1915, and Horace J. Bridges, in his

book of 1916, entitled, The Religion of Experience, indicate how true the answer to Joseph was. Mr. Bridges uses much the

same language when he says: "The church to be sure is corrupt, there is no single branch of it, from the Roman to the

Quaker, which is not obnoxious to this censure. But to say this

is only to say that the church is a human institution."

If the boy had not seen the vision and heard voices, why would he say to his mother, who was a Presbyterian, "I have learned for myself that Presbyterianism is not true"? Why would

he lay the axe at the root of religious error unless he had been instructed as he claimed? In the same narrative he frankly confessed having fallen into errors, "and displayed the weakness

of youth and the foibles of human nature."Had he been a pretender, would he have confessed having been led into temptation? Would he not have sought prestige by assuming or pretending a perfection he had not attained?

Those who assume that Joseph, although honest, was himself deluded, necessarily imply or assert that his visions were "subjective"and not "objective;"that is, that, while some

vision may have passed before his mental gaze, and although he may have thought he heard voices, there was no reality to the sights or sounds, but they were only the products of a disordered mind. Such is the hypothesis of Dr. Riley above referred

to. The weakness and error of such a theory is that there is

overwhelming evidence that the manifestations were objective.

If Joseph spoke of a first vision, he was to receive further directions. Such further directions came through a heavenly messenger. If such messenger, the angel Moroni, spake of a hidden record, as proof that the vision was not merely a phantasma

of the mind, there was in the Hill Cumorah the stone cist in which the sacred relics were found, including the Urim and

Thummim, the breastplate, and the golden plates. It is folly

to suggest that the visions were imaginary or subjective, when these material things are in evidence. That he had plates of

the appearance of gold upon which were what appeared to be ancient characters, is supported by the unimpeached and unimpeachable testimony of eleven witnesses besides himself and his mother. If Joseph did not obtain the golden plates in the manner stated, how did he come by them? A boy so circumstanced could not come by them in a worldly way without the

fact being known. The late Elbert Hubbard wrote:

"But why and how people who believe that Moses found the tablets of stone carved by Jehovah, yet cavil and sneer at the metal tablets discovered by Joseph Smith, I cannot understand. It is just a matter of time

494 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and distance, but time cannot make the false true. That which once happened can happen again. If God were God in the time of Moses, he is

yet/'

Again, these plates purport to contain a sacred history of prehistoric races on the American continent and of God's dealings with them; in other words, a volume of scripture. As an

evidence that the vision and the plates and translation of the record by the gift and power of God are not subjective, or merely the emanation of diseased fancy, behold, here is a volume of ancient American scripture as the objective or tangible token.

The vision, the plates seen and examined by many persons, are all the forerunners of, and closely connected with, the sacred record, the Book of Mormon. If Joseph the Prophet did not

get this book in the manner represented, how did he get it, and where did it come from? Will anyone acquainted with the history of crime believe that an unlettered country youth could

successfully forge a whole volume of scripture? If bright and

skilful men find it very difficult and often impossible to forge a single word or even a syllable without detection, how could

Joseph successfully fabricate the elaborate history and scriptural teachings contained in the Book of Mormon? Could he

falsely pretend to be translating for a period of years without being detected? The attempt to connect Solomon Spaulding and

Sidney Rigdon with the authorship of the Book of Mormon has failed. Who can plausibly account for the book other than upon the statement given by Joseph? If the visions or revelations were simply the result of a diseased or disordered mind,

as Dr. Riley supposes, how comes it there is such unity running

through Joseph's entire work? The instruction of the Angel

Moroni, for instance, foreshadow the temple work which was not developed for many years after, and near the close of

Joseph's ministry. The First Vision is a fitting prelude to the

entire drama of the unfolding of socalled "Mormonism."It is

the key to the arch of the restored Church.

It requires less credulity to believe that Joseph was inspired than to think that a boy of his age and experience could forge, so to speak, the whole stupendous structure and teachings of "Mormonism."To accept the Book of Mormon as

fiction and not sacred history makes it necessary to explain how the author could know the many facts of ethnology and archaeology involved in the writing of that book, truths not known to science until later years. For instance, Joseph Smith describes

the stone box or cist in which the records were found. At that

time it was not generally known, if known at all, that the Aborigines of America were accustomed to use such cists in the burial of valuables. Such a stone box was discovered in the fall of

JOSEPH THE PROPHET 495

1906 on the farm of T. M. Edmondson, near Streetsville, in Peel

county, about 22 miles west of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, as announced in Records of Past Ages, for March and April, 1909, pp. 75, 76. It is there stated that such cists had been found in

Tennessee, Illinois, and at points on the Delaware river, and also in northern New Mexico.

After the skeptic has attempted to explain satisfactorily all the problems connected with the Book of Mormon there is another volume of scripture for him to account for, the Doctrine and Covenants. Let him explain how Joseph by worldly wisdom could produce, for instance, sections 1, 20, 29, 45, 59, 76, 84,

88, 89, 93, 101, 107, 132, and many others, perhaps equally wonderful.

As a result of the visions and revelations to Joseph Smith, the Church was organized. Such men as Professor Ely, of the

Wisconsin University, and VicePresident Marshall, and others, pronounce the Church one of the most perfect and complete organizations.

If one considers the research required by man's learning to produce the three volumes of scripture which came through

Joseph, he will realize that no boy, with Joseph's limited opportunities, could possibly have done the work without divine assistance. There are some matters that are not susceptible of successful fabrication. One is a volume of scripture. More difficult still, and less likely of attempt, would be the offer of a wilful deceiver to have his work of deception affirmatively attested

by the Holy Trinity in the manner requested by the Book of

Mormon, to "ask God, the eternal Father, in the name of Christ, if these things are not true; and if ye shall ask with a sincere

heart, with real intent, having faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Holy Ghost; and

by the power of the Holy Ghost ye may know the truth of all things."

Origin of the First Vision

Proved by the Characteristic Theology of the Church, Including the Doctrine of the Godhead, Church Government,

Salvation for the Living and the Dead

By Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, of the Council of the Twelve

When Joseph Smith went in the woods to pray, just one hundred years ago, he received a revelation of knowledge, truth and power, which has been of inestimable value and blessing to the world. What was revealed to him there was given for the overthrow of false creeds and traditions of the ages and led ultimately to the restoration of the everlasting gospel as revealed by

our Redeemer during his ministry.

For hundreds of years the world was wrapped in a veil of spiritual darkness, until there was not one fundamental truth belonging to the plan of salvation that was not, in the year 1820, so obscured by false tradition and ceremonies, borrowed from paganism, as to make it unrecognizable; or else it was entirely

denied. By heavenly direction and command of our Lord Jesus

Christ, Joseph Smith restored all these principles in their primitive beauty and power. Let us briefly consider some of the

many fundamental doctrines which were thus restored.

In the year 1820, when this glorious manifestation was received, the universal doctrine in the Protestant as well as the

Catholic world, relating to the Godhead, in substance, was as follows There is but one only living and true God who is infinite in being and perfection, a most pure spirit, invisible, without body, parts, or passions, immutable, immense, eternal, incomprehensible, almighty, most wise, most holy, most free, most absolute, working all things according to the counsel of his own immutable and most righteous will. (Presbyterian Confession

of Faith, Ch. 2).

The vision of Joseph Smith made it clear that the Father and the Son are separate personages, having bodies as tangible as the body of man. It was further revealed to him that the Holy

Ghost is a personage of Spirit, distinct and separate from the personalities of the Father and the Son. This allimportant truth

staggered the world; yet, when we consider the clear expressions

of holy writ, it is a most astounding and wonderful fact that man could have gone so far astray. The Savior said, "My Father

is greater than I;"and he invited his disciples, after his resur-

ORIGIN OF THE FIRST VISION 497

rection, to handle him and see that it was he, for, said he, "a spirit hath not flesh and bones, as ye see me have."The apostles clearly understood the distinct entities of the Father, Son,

and Holy Ghost, to which they constantly refer in their epistles and Paul informed the Corinthians of the fact that when all things are subjected to the Father, "then shall the Son also himself be subject unto him that put all things under him, that

God may be all in all."

Joseph Smith beheld the Father and the Son; therefore he

could testify with personal knowledge that the scriptures were true wherein we read: "So God created man in his own image,

in the image of God created he him; male and female created

he them."This was to be understood literally, and not in some

mystical or figurative sense.

In the year 1820, the universal doctrine in the socalled

Christian world was that the canon of scripture is full, that the heavens were closed against further revelation, and that it was folly to look for more. Joseph Smith's vision contradicted all

this, for he saw the heavens opened and was ministered to by heavenly messengers sent from the Lord. Who was right, Joseph

Smith or the teachers of men? Amos said: "Surely the Lord

God will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets"(3:7). Joel said: "And it shall come to pass

afterward, that I will pour out my Spirit upon all flesh; and your

sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions"(2:2829). Isaiah said: "And the glory of the Lord shall be revealed, and all

flesh shall see it together; for the mouth of the Lord hath spoken it"(40:5). "Therefore my people shall know my name:

therefore they shall know in that day that I am he that doth speak"(52:6). All of these predictions pertain to the latter

days, and prove that Joseph Smith is in harmony with the prophets.

Joseph Smith declared that in the year 1820, the Lord revealed to him that all the "Christian"churches were in error, teaching for commandments the doctrines of men. The religious

teachers taught that they were in the way of light and truth, notwithstanding their many conflicting creeds. Amos said, speak

ing of the latter days: "Behold the days come, saith the Lord

God, that I will send a famine in the land, not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, but of hearing the words of the

Lord"(8:11). Paul said: "For the time will come when they

will not endure sound doctrine; but after their own lusts shall

they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears; and they

shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned unto fables"(2 Tim. 4:3-4). "Let no man deceive you by any

498 IMPROVEMENT ERA

means: for that day shall not come, except there come a falling

away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition,'* etc. (2 Thess. 2:3). Again we find Joseph Smith in harmony with the Bible truth.

In this regard, however, the evidence of a departure from the true Church is so apparent that many religious teachers have been forced to recognize the fact. They endeavor, however, to

justify themselves in the confusion on the ground that the Lord suffers his work to be marred by man. Note this apology for

the conflicting conditions which prevail throughout the religious world: The Church * * * is a divinely organized body, the members of which are knit together amongst themselves, and joined to Christ their

Head, by the Holy Spirit, who dwells in and animates it; it is a spiritual

but visible society of men united by constant succession to those who were personally united to the Apostles, holding the same faith that the Apostles held, administering the same sacraments, and like them forming separate, but only locally separate, assemblies, for the public worship of God. This

is the church according to the Divine intention. But as Cod permits men

to mar the perfection of his designs in their behalf, and as men have both corrupted the doctrines and broken the unity of the church, we must not expect to see the church of Holy Scripture actually existing in its perfection on earth. It is not to be found, thus perfect, either in the collected fragments of Christendom, or still less in any one of these fragments; though

it is possible that one of these fragments more than another may approach the Scriptural and Apostolic ideal which existed only until sin, heresy, and schism had time sufficiently to develop themselves to do their work."

{Smith's Bible Dictionary, article "Church")

So, also, the church of England in the Sermons or Homilies to be read in churches "in the time of Queen Elizabeth,"has testified as follows:

"So that laity and clergy, learned and unlearned, all ages, sects, and degrees of men, women, and children of whole Christendom (an horrible and most dreadful thing to think) have been at once drowned in abominable idolatry, of all other vices most detested of God and most damnable to man, and that by the space of eight hundred years or more."(Homily against the

Perils of Idolatry, page 253, ed. of 1890.)

In this manner the religious teachers have been forced to confess to the truth which Joseph Smith the Prophet declared the Lord revealed to him when he was but fourteen years of age.

Joseph Smith testified to the world that the Kingdom of God, like all other kingdoms, is governed by law; that order

reigns there, and "all beings who abide not in those conditions are not justified."The religious teachers in the world

teach that the Lord justifies, or permits, man to mar his work, and we are not to expect anything but confusion and division among his followers. The Savior commanded his disciples

to be one, as he and his Father are one. Thus we see that

OftlGtN OF THE FIRST VISION 499

Joseph Smith is again in harmony with, while others are in opposition to, the teachings of our Lord.

The fact, so conclusively proved, that there has been an apostasy, shows the necessity of a restoration of the gospel. It

is a remarkable fact that Martin Luther, John Knox, John

Calvin, the Wesleys, and the other "reformers"who attempted to correct the evils of the Catholic church, did not think of this great truth. It was left for Joseph Smith to make the

wonderful discovery. It is also strange that the "reformers"

did not discover the necessity for the restoration of the Church as in primitive days with its divine authority, but assumed to take the authority upon themselves to organize churches and societies of their own. It was reserved for Joseph Smith to

teach the world the necessity for these things. In the year

1820, the doctrine prevailed that apostles and prophets were no longer needed, that their mission ended with the establishment of the Church following the ministry of our Lord.

They also taught that the gifts and blessings of the gospel manifest in primitive times were no longer needed. Joseph

Smith revealed to the world that the organization of the

Church was intended to be the same always, and endure to the end of time. Paul said that apostles and prophets were to

continue in the Church "for the perfecting of the Saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of

Christ; till we all come in the unity of the faith, and of the

knowledge of the Son of God unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ: that we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about

with every wind of doctrine."Joseph Smith taught that all

the offices, gifts and blessings were to continue in the Church and were necessary, while the religious world said that the gifts and many of the offices were abolished. Paul taught that

all these are necessary, and that one part could not say to another, "I have no need of thee."

The scriptures say that no man should take honor unto himself to officiate, or minister, in the name of Christ. The

religious teachers of the nineteenth century declared that he who felt called, was called to this ministry, without any direct revelation and command "as was Aaron."Joseph Smith

said he received his divine calling by ordination under the hands of ancient prophets and apostles who were sent to him from the heavens for that purpose. Thus he was clothed with

authority and power again to establish the Church upon the earth, that the gospel might be preached in all the world, as a witness before the end of unrighteousness should come. John

testified that he saw "another angel fly in the midst of heaven, 500 IMPROVEMENT ERA

having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people."Joseph Smith declared that the angel appeared

to him and committed to him the keys of this ministry and commanded him to send forth the word unto all the world in fulfilment of this prediction. No one else ever thought of the

necessity of this thing; for, if the heavens were closed, as man

taught, how could there be any more appearing of angels?

The religious world said, at the time the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints was organized, that all infants should be baptized. The Lord taught Joseph Smith that baptism was for the remission of sins, and since little children

could not sin, there was no call for them to repent. Hence they

were redeemed through the blood of the Lamb. He taught

that baptism of infants was an abomination in the sight of

God because it denied the mercy of the Redeemer, who said:

"Suffer little children, and forbid them not to come unto me;

for of such is the kingdom of heaven."Again, a great religious falsehood, in conflict with the mercies of the atonement of our Lord, was shattered. Moreover, the ministers of

men taught that all those who died without a knowledge of the gospel—who never called upon the name of Christ nor

believed in eternally barred from the kingdom of him—were

God. The Lord taught Joseph Smith that all who died without a knowledge of the gospel would have the opportunity in

the spirit world, for there the gospel would be preached to them and they would be given an opportunity. He taught that

all who there received it, who were denied that privilege here, were heirs of the Celestial kingdom. The world taught no

salvation for the dead. Yet this doctrine was clearly established

by our Lord (John 5:2529), and proclaimed by Peter, the

chief apostle (I Peter 3:1820; 4:6).

The Savior taught Nicodemus that a man could not enter the kingdom of God, unless he was "born of water and of the

Spirit,"which means baptism in water and baptism of the

Spirit, by the laying on of hands. Peter, Paul, and the other

apostles taught the same doctrine, which was largely denied as an essential doctrine, in the year 1820. Since a man must

receive baptism in order to enter the kingdom of God, the

Lord revealed to the primitive Saints the doctrine of baptism for the dead, which they practiced (I Cor. 15:29).

The Lord revealed the same principle to Joseph Smith, and through him established baptism for the dead in this dispensation for the salvation of all those who died without a knowledge of the gospel.

Malachi testified that the Lord would send Elijah the

ORIGIN OF THE FIRST VISION 501

prophet, before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord, and he would turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest he come and smite the earth with a curse. Why Elijah should

come, and the nature of his mission, are not even now understood in the world among those who believe that the visitation of angels has ceased and that the heavens are closed. It is

true that in recent years men have risen claiming to be Elijah reincarnated, but such claimants have been utterly ignorant of the mission which Elijah was to perform. Joseph Smith

has given the only consistent and reasonable view. He declared that in the year 1836 Elijah appeared to him in the

Kirtland Temple and committed to him the keys of this power of turning the hearts of the children to their fathers. Oliver

Cowdery, who was with him at that time, has likewise testified to that visitation. They have taught the world that the

mission of Elijah was to restore the sealing power, by which ordinances of the gospel are performed in behalf of both the living and the dead in the Temples of our God, by which the dead may be saved as well as the living. It is the power to

bind on earth and in heaven both the living and the dead from generation to generation in the great family organization which shall exist in the Celestial kingdom of our Father. And if

this were not done, the earth would be smitten with a curse, for then the glorious plan of salvation would be frustrated and the souls of men would not be saved. It is a remarkable fact

that year 1836, when Joseph Smith since—and not before—the

and Oliver Cowdery made this announcement to the world, the hearts of the children have been turned to the fathers who are dead. Now there are hundreds of societies and thousands of

individuals who are devoting their time to searching out the records of the dead, both in our own land and in landsbeyond the sea. In the temples thousands are laboring "as saviors on

Mount Zion"for the dead, performing for them every saving ordinance necessary for their exaltation in the kingdom of heaven, which pertains to this life and which they were not privileged to receive when living on the earth. This is a new

doctrine to the world, but one that is destined to bring to pass the universal salvation of the human family, and the exaltation of all who are worthy to receive it whether they be living or dead. Thus Joseph Smith taught to the world the great love

and mercy of our heavenly Father, who was pictured in the creeds of men as manifesting delight in the salvation of some and the eternal damnation of many others without any merited offense, simply because they were unfortunate enough not to have heard the name of Christ Moreover, the Lord revealed 502 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to Joseph Smith that in his mercy he would save, through the blood of his Only Begotten Son, all those who died without law, and that they should come forth"in the first resurrection and it would be tolerable for them."The heathen nations are

to be redeemed and enter into the Terrestrial kingdom with a salvation beyond our mortal comprehension. Even the

wicked, who have not "sinned unto death,"shall be saved in the Telestial kingdom after they have paid their debt in hell, for even "they shall be heirs of salvation."The righteous,

who keep the law and love the Lord are to become sons and daughters unto God and "all things are theirs * * * and they shall overcome all things,"and enter the presence of the

Father to partake of the fulness of his kingdom. Such is the

theology of the true Christian Church which the Lord revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith. How grand, inspiring,

and glorious are such thoughts in comparison with the perverted doctrine which prevailed in the world in the year 1820!

The Lord taught Joseph Smith the doctrine of the eternity of the marriage covenant and the perpetuity of the family after death. This revelation has proved a wonderful, if not terrible,

shock to the believers in the doctrine that at death a man and his wife are for ever separated and the family relationship comes to an eternal end. Yet there are very few, if they have natural

feelings, who do not hope that the eternity of the family may prove to be a fact. It was part of the mission of Elijah to make

known this truth, which is in full accord with the teachings of

Paul, that man is not without the woman, neither the woman without the man, in the Lord. (I Cor. 11:11.) However, all of

these things are based on law, and must be done in order. No

sealing will be of any avail unless it is done by authority of the holy Priesthood, which Joseph Smith received and conferred on others. For "no man shall come unto the Father,"said the

Son, "but by me, or by my word, which is my law."

Not only did Elijah appear to Joseph Smith and commit unto him the keys he held, but Moses came also and committed into his hands the keys of the gathering of Israel in these latter days. The doctrine of the gathering is clearly set forth in the

scriptures, yet it remained for Joseph Smith to make this matter known. In fulfilment of the promise of the Lord to his ancient

pepole, Elders were sent to the Holy Land, with authority to dedicate it for the return of the Jews and the house of Israel their fellows. May we not in truth believe that the Zionist movement and other efforts to restore the Jews to the promised land,

are natural results of this visit of Moses to the Prophet Joseph

Smith?

The world had no conception of the statements in the

ORIGIN OF THE FIRST VISION 503

Scriptures wherein Zion and Jerusalem are spoken of as two distinct places, until the Lord revealed it to Joseph Smith. He

declared that America is Zion, a choice land above all other lands which was given to Joseph, son of Jacob, who was separated from his brethren. He, his father said, was like a bough

near a well, whose branches run over the wall. So Joseph was

blessed with a double portion, and America—Zion—became an

inheritance for his children. To this land Ephraim is now being

gathered, since the visitation of Moses, and the Jews are preparing to gather to Jerusalem. The great day of the Lord is

near at hand when "out of Zion shall go forth the law and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem."

To Joseph Smith the Lord revealed the Book of Mormon, which is the record of the house of Joseph whose children dwelt on this hemisphere. This book is the "stick of Joseph in the

hand of Ephraim and the tribes of Israel his fellows,"spoken of by Ezekiel, which was joined by Joseph Smith, in fulfilment of this prophecy, to the stick of Judah, that they became one in his hands. And now that they are joined together, they have gone

forth unto the ends of the earth as a witness unto all nations that the Lord is preparing to restore Israel again "from among the heathen, whither they be gone,"unto their own land.

All who have sincerely read the Book of Mormon have been impressed with the inspired contents of its pages. The promise

is made in the book unto all who "ask with a sincere heart with real intent, having faith in Christ,"that he "will manifest the truth of it by the power of the Holy Ghost."Thousands are prepared to testify that this is true, for they have received this

knowledge through the power of the Holy Ghost. The Book of

Mormon is the sacred history of the ancient inhabitants of the

American continent, and contains the predictions of their prophets, the commandments of the Lord to them, and the history and destiny of those ancient peoples. It is the American volume of

scripture, and is just as sacred and inspired as is the Bible, which contains the sacred records of the Hebrew race on the eastern hemisphere. No other book has been so sharply, bitterly, and

relentlessly attacked as the Book of Mormon. Yet, like gold

tried many times in the furnace, it has passed through all attacks unscathed. Every weapon raised against it has perished,

and the wisdom of the selfrighteous who have attacked it has come to naught. There is an inspiration and feeling of peaceful joy and satisfaction which accompany the sincere and prayerful reading of this book. Its doctrines and literary merit are

in keeping with the writings of the Jewish prophets. The sincere student who is willing to put Moroni's promise to the test

is forced to say, "Surely this is the work of the Lord and not 504 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the work of man, for no man could have written it."So likewise must testimony be borne of the revelations given to Joseph

Smith, the youthful prophet of the nineteenth century, who was called of God and divinely commissioned to usher in the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times, in which Paul said, our

Savior "might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven and which are on earth, even in him."

When we stop to consider that the Prophet Joseph Smith was but fourteen years of age when his first announcement of revelation from the heavens was declared, and that his ministry covered the brief space of only fourteen years from the organization of the Church until his martyrdom, at the age of thirtyeight years, what he accomplished for the salvation of man is wonderful to behold. He was not trained in the schools of his

time, and. he was considered by his enemies to be an unlearned

man; yet, in the light of his life's labors we are forced to say

indeed that what he did has proved to be "a marvelous work and a wonder."Thus through the weak things of the world

have come forth strength and power which have broken down the mighty and the strong ones, whose wisdom has perished and whose understanding has been hid.

Remodeled former home of Joseph Smith, the Prophet, in Kirtland, Ohio

JOSEPH SMITH MONUMENT, SHARON, VERMONT

Dedicated Dec. 23, 1905, the centenary anniversary of the birth of the

Prophet, by President Joseph F. Smith, in the presence of a large audience,

many of whom had come from Utah and other distant states. It is of

granite, 50 feet high, and stands on a foundation of concrete, twelve feet square. The shaft is 38 l/2 feet high, a foot for each year of the Prophet's

life—surmounted by a pyramid cap three feet high. The inscription reads:

"Sacred to the Memory of Joseph Smith the Prophet. Born here, 23rd\

December, 1805. Martyred, Carthage, III, 27th June, 1844.'

The Effect of Revelation on Man's Creed

By David O. McKay, of the Council of the Twelve

"As some tall cliff that lifts its awful form,

Swells from the vale, and midway leaves the storm,

Though round its breast the rolling clouds are spread,

Eternal sunshine settles on its head."

One hundred years ago Joseph Smith, a mere boy between fourteen and fifteen years of age, declared that in answer to prayer, he received a revelation from God. His declaration was

simple, but positive; and he was surprised when men doubted

the truth of his assertion. To him his claim was but the statement of a fact; to the Christian world, it was a lightning flash

that shattered their religious structure, from turrent to foundation.

Two important elements in his first message were these:

(1) That God is a personal being, and will communicate his will to men; and (2), that no creed in Christendom had the

true plan of salvation. Indeed, all were an "abomination in the

sight of God. The professors of them were corrupt, teaching

for doctrine the commandments of men, having a form of godlinesB, but denying the power thereof."

For boldness of assertion; for rejection of prevailing orthodoxy; as a challenge to professed ministers; this claim of a fairhaired, blueeyed youth stands without parallel since the days

of Jesus of Nazareth. Not even Luther's defiance, at Worms, is

excepted; for his inspired effort, at first, was only to purify

the church of corrupt practices; while Joseph Smith rejected

the creeds as unauthoritative, and many of their doctrines as absolutely false.

And thus, by his simple declaration, he found himself alone in theAlone—andreligious world.unacquainted with the learning and philosophy

of hisAlone—andday. unschooled in the arts and sciences.

Alone—with no philosopher to instruct him, no minister to

guide him. In simplicity and kindness he had hastened to

them with his glorious message; in scorn and derision they had

turned from him saying that it was all of the devil; that there

were no such things as revelations or visions in these days; that

EFFECT OF REVELATION ON MAN'S CREED 507

all such things had ceased with the apostles, and that there would never be any more of them.

Alone—compelled to embark upon the ocean of religious

thought, having rejected every known vessel with which to sail, and never having built one or even having seen one built himself.

Surely, if an impostor, the bark he builds will be a crude one indeed.

If, on the other hand, that which he builds possesses an excellence and superiority over that which the learned men and philosophers had given to mankind during the preceding hundreds of years, the world will at least stand aside, and say in surprise, Whence hath this man his wisdom? It would seem that,

though he was alone, he was alone only as was Moses on Sinai;

as Jesus, on the Mt. of Olives and on other sacred places where

he communed with his Father. As with the Master, so with the

prophet; his instruction came not through manmade channels,

but direct from God, the source of all intelligence. He said

himself: "I am a rough stone. The sound of the hammer and chisel were

never heard on me until the Lord took me in hand. I desire the learning

and wisdom of Heaven alone."

it authoriWhen Joseph Smith taught a doctrine, he taught tatively. His was not a question whether his thoughts agreed

with men's thoughts or not; whether they were in harmony with

the teachings of the orthodox churches or whether they were in direct opposition. What was given to him he gave to the

world, irrespective of its agreement or disagreement, of its harmony or its discord with the belief of the churches, or the prevailing standards of mankind; and today, after the passing of one

hundred years, we have a good opportunity of judging of the virtue of his teachings, and of concluding as to the source of his instruction. It is interesting, as well as profitable, too, to know how

the advanced thought of today harmonizes with what he taught life so authoritatively, a century ago. The guiding spirit of his

was manifest from the beginning of his ministry and confirms his wonderful declaration that God had spoken to him. In his own

words it is this:

it is, al- 'Whatever God requires is right, no matter what though toe may not see the reason thereof until long after the events transpire."

General Principles The stand of the Church in regard to the first principles of the gospel, as given to Joseph the Prophet, is, from a Biblical point of view, invulnerable, and his claim most reasonable, that 508 IMPROVEMENT ERA

divine authority to officiate in the ordinances is necessary. For

many years professors of Christendom assailed the Church on its adherence to the essentiality of these principles, and ordinances on its claim that baptism by immersion is neces-—particularly

sary to salvation but all attacks have proved futile. Of course,

these principles, in one form or another, were taught by all the different sects, and yet, no one church taught all of them as being absolutely essential to salvation; and even had it done so, the

Son of God, through Joseph Smith, denied its authority to administer them. Each succeeding year of the past century has

tended only to vindicate the prophet's teachings in regard to of the doctrines of thethese two great questions—the harmony

Church with the Bible; and the necessity of divine authority to

officiate in things pertaining to God.

But the inspiration and the boldness of the Prophet's teachings, and their subsequent effect upon the religious and philosophic minds, may best be seen by reference to some of the more advanced, and, I may say, obscure principles, of the plan of salvation. Take, for example,

Predestination At the time Joseph Smith received his revelation, some of the creeds of Christendom were teaching that,

"Election to eternal life is not founded on foresight of faith and obedience, but is a sovereign act of God's mercy, whereby according to the council of his own will some men and angels are predestined into everlasting life, and others foreordained to everlasting death;"and, "these

angels and men thus predestined and foreordained are truly and unchangeably designed, ind their number is so certain and definite that it cannot be either increased or diminished."(Westminister Confession.)

The creed is well satirized by Burns, as follows:

"0 Thou, wha in the heavens dost dwell;

Wha, as it pleases best ThyseF,

Sends ane to heaven, and ten to hell,

A'for thy glory, And no'for ony guile or ill They've done afore Thee!"

In direct contradiction to this false doctrine, the boyprophet declared that "all mankind may be saved by obedience to the laws and ordinances of the gospel."

He taught that, "To every man is given an inherent power to do right or to do wrong.

In this he has his free agency. He may choose the right and obtain salvation, or he may choose evil and merit abomination; but one man is not

predestinated to do evil and another to do good."

"Whosoever will come, may come, and partake of the waters of life freely: and whosoever will not come, the same is not compelled to come;

EFFECT OF REVELATION ON MAN'S CREED 509

but in the last day, it shall be restored unto him, according to his deeds."

(Alma 42:27.)

Creeds of Churches Modified Nearly half a century passed before the ministers of some of the churches became bold enough to so modify their creeds as to reject that paragraph on predestination; but they eventually

did so. Here is one example:

The Presbyterians, in their General Assembly, May 22, 1902, adopted, by a vote of 600 to 2, the unanimous report of a Revision Committee which had been at work on the subject for two years. The Outlook (May, 1902), commenting upon the significance of this revision, summarizes as follows:

"The most important thing in this explanation is the definite declaration that the ordination vows of officers requires the adoption of the

Confession of Faith only as containing the system of Doctrine taught in the Holy Scriptures."

Thus any officer is left free to reject any part of the Confession of Faith which, in his judgment, is not taught in the

Holy Scriptures. One of the particular parts rejected is named

by the Outlook in these words:

"Following this broad statement are two overtures. The first disclaims

any fatalistic inference from the doctrine of Predestination, and asserts'clearly that God loves all mankind and desires not the death of any sinner, and that no man is condemned except on the ground of his sin."

If any plainer revision of the Presbyterians'creed on the pernicious doctrine of predestination is needed, it can be found in the statement of Rev. Henry Van Dyke:

"The Presbyterian church, today (May 1902), does not believe that some men are created to be saved, and others to be damned; and to guard

against misapprehension on the subject, it wishes to say clearly and unmistakably that God has not put any barrier between any human soul and salvation."

So Joseph Smith proclaimed before Henry Van Dyke was born, at the time, too, when every Presbyterian officer took a vow that God did predestine some to be saved and others to be damned.

Infant Baptism Closely allied with the doctrine of predestination was the equally false teaching that unbaptized infants were condemned to eternal punishment. Said the old school of Presbyterianism

"Infants come into the world, not only destitute of knowledge, righteousness, and true holiness, but with a nature inclined to evil and only evil."SlO IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Prophet Joseph said:

"Little children are holy, being sanctified through the atonement of

Jesus Christ."(Doctrine and Covenants 74:7.)

Little children need no repentance, neither baptism.

"He that saith, That little children need baptism, denieth the mercies of Christ, and setteth at naught the atonement of him and the power of his redemption."(Book of Mormon, Moroni 8:20.)

Threequarters of a century later, creeds, the ministers of which had said the boy prophet's revelations were from the devil, concluded that this doctrine, too, was right—devil or no

devil.

The Westminster creed was modified by the Assembly, referred to above, to deny what it had declared for centuries, and to confirm the view expressed by the Prophet Joseph. It now

declared that, "All who die in infancy are chosen of God and saved by Christ through the spirit."(Explanation of Westminster Confession, 1902.)

This is confirmed by Henry Van Dyke, who says:

"Presbyterians today believe that all who die in infancy are saved by

Jesus Christ."

Preexistence One hundred years ago, theologians seldom, if ever, referred to the doctrine of preexistence of spirits, let alone accepting it as part of the solution of the eternal plan of redemption. When

writers or philosophers mentioned it, it was designated the

Platonic opinion; and those who favored it, as Platonists. This

because Plato, with a spark of inspiration, taught that preexistence, and the closely associated doctrine of "reminiscence,"are connected with the doctrine of immortality.

Even Wordsworth found it necessary to offer a half apology for referring to this doctrine in his inspired poem, "Ode to Intimations of Immortality."In the light of poetic revelation he wrote:

"Our birth is but a sleep and a forgetting:

The Soul that rises with us, our life's Star,

Hath had elsewhere its setting,

And cometh from afar:

Not in entire forgetfulness, And not in utter nakedness, But trailing clouds of glory do we come

From God, who is our home."

Subsequently, when in the shadowy realm of popular opinion, learning that his doctrine "had given pain to some good and pious persons,"he protested that he "meant not to inculcate

EFFECT OF REVELATION ON MAN'S CREED 511

such a belief"(preexistence). However, with a glimmer of the

light still in his mind, he adds: "But let us bear in mind that,

though the idea is not advanced in revelation, there is nothing there to contradict it, and the fall of man presents an analogy in its favor."

Now, undoubtedly, the boy prophet had not even read

Plato, and the presumption is that he had never read Wordsworth, or any other advocate of this phase of the Doctrine of Immortality; and yet, when God revealed it to him, note how unqualifiedly he declared the truth:

"I [Christ] was in the beginning with the Father, and am the first born; * * * Ye were also in the beginning with the Father"(Doc. and

Cov. 93:21, 23).

And again: "Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the intelligences that were organized before the world was; and among all these were many of

the noble and the great ones."(Abraham 3:22.)

Though God has taught it to his children from the days of Adam down, yet one hundred years ago this was a bold, strange doctrine. And even today ministers of religion, if not

entirely rejecting it, rather shy at it. But the leaven is working,

and great minds, accepting the doctrine, are now proclaiming it in their theories of the immortality of man.

In discussing "The Permanence of Personality,"Lodge, in

Science and Immortality, says:,

"This doctrine the theory of a larger and permanent personality of which the conscious self is only a fraction in process of individualization * * * as a working hypothesis, illuminates many obscure facts, and serves as a thread through an otherwise bewildering labyrinth. It removes

a number of elementary stumbling blocks which otherwise obstruct an attempt to realize vividly the incipient stages of personal existence; it accounts for the extraordinary rapidity with which an individual proceeds;

and it eases the theory of ordinary birth and death."

And then, after comenting upon the subject of "Dislocation of Memory,"he continues "The analogy pointed to is that whereas we, living men and women, while associated with this mortal organism, are ignorant of whatever experience our larger selves may have gone through in the past—yet when

we wake out of this present materialized condition, and enter the region of larger consciousness, we may gradually realize in what a curious though legitimate condition of ignorance we now are; and may become aware of

our fuller possession, with all that has happened here and now fully remembered and incorporated as an additional experience into the wide range of knowledge which our larger entity must have accumulated since its intelligence and memory began. The transition called death may thus

be an awakening rather than a sleeping; it may be that we, still, involved in

mortal coil, are in the more dreamlike and unreal condition."

512 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hell When Joseph Smith as a boy attended any of the churches in his neighborhood, he undoubtedly heard the furies of hell pictured in thrilling eloquence. At any rate, in his day this place

for the departed sinner was associated with "Red hot grid.-oris, attended by shrieking demons who kept the gridirons well filled with boiling victims; huge cauldrons full of boiling lead

and brimstone, to be poured over new comers as the ceremony of welcoming them to the society of the lost; pestilential atmosphere laden with

concentrated diseases, and men driven by demons to breathe this diseaseladen air; horned and clovenfooted demons, goading their victims around

circles, up and down steep heights, onward and onward, simply for gratification of their hatred, and to add to the sorrows of the lost."

And to all this and much more must be added "dreadful shrieks issuing from dungeons and prisons into which special victims were thrown for special enormities."

And to such horrors many men and women were predestined, there to burn and burn, and never to be consumed forever and ever!

That is the doctrine of the damned which Joseph Smith heard from man.

This is what he heard from God:

"The only ones on whom the second death shall have any power; yea,

verily, the only ones who shall not be redeemed in the due time of the

Lord * * * are the sons of perdition, who deny the Son after the

Father has revealed him:

"Wherefore, he saves all except them."(Doc. & Cov. 76:3048.)

The Lord revealed to him all the different degrees of glory in which men receive judgment in accordance with the deeds done in the body, and he "Saw the glory and the inhabitants of the telestial world, that they were as innumerable as the stars in the firmament of heaven, or as the sand upon the sea shore, And heard the voice of the Lord, saying—these all shall bow the knee,

and every tongue shall confess to him who sits upon the throne for ever and ever; For they shall be judged according to their works, and every man shal receive according to his works, his own dominion, in the mansions which are prepared."(Doc. and Cov. 76.)

"He will judge them not according to what they have not, but according to what they have; those who have lived without law will be judged

without law, and those who have a law will be judged by that law, we need not doubt the wisdom and intelligence of the Great Jehovah. He

will award judgment or mercy to all nations according to their several deserts, their means of obtaining intelligence; the laws by which they ar

governed."(Times and Seasons, Vol III, p. 759.)

Modern View of Christendom The modified view of modern Christendom is probably best expressed in an article entitled, "What Has Become of Hell?**

EFFECT OF REVELATION ON MAN'S CREED 513

by Rev. George W. Shimm, and printed in the North American

Review, 1900. After asserting that all churches had practically

ceased to speak of Hell as a place of eternal punishment, he concludes

"It cannot be that all the redeemed in the future will be equally happy, and that all the lost will be equally wretched; for there are varying degrees

of capacity. There must be infinite grades of happiness there, as there must

be vast difference between those who are driven into outer darkness.

"When men's eyes are opened, they may see that the loss of what they might have been and their degradation through sin, is indeed the visitation of penalty. Judgment consists quite largely in deprivation. Such

a judgment has begun here, and it points to the awful issues of the future, when the days of earthly probation shall have ended.

"Men are condemned by themselves. They must recognize at some

period that they prepared themselves for their own place and for their own condition."

And so we might refer to Tithing, Organization of the

Church, the principles of Cooperation, and even the United

Order, and show what a marked change of sentiment has taken place in regard to them during the last half century; but space

will not permit.

The world will not admit, nor do we ask it to admit, that all these modified views regarding man's place in the universe have been brought about solely by the influence of the Prophet

Joseph Smith. God's Spirit is ever ready to guide away from error the sincere seeker after Truth; and undoubtedly, hundreds

of honest men and women have rejected in their hearts the errors pointed to above without ever having known the truths as revealed to the Prophet. However, the marks of his influence

upon religious thought are manifest upon every hand, and whether men acknowledge it or not, the Light that came from heaven a century ago is dissipating the darkness that has enthralled the minds of men for ages.

As we look through the vista of one hundred years and see the boy prophet standing alone in the midst of a tempestuously religious world, declaring that God had spoken to him, and that there was not an authorized Church of Christ upon the earth;

when we know that to make good his claim, he must give to the world something superior to that produced by the philosophy of the ages and the best wisdom of man; when we realize how impotent he was to do this, if dependent upon his own learning

cannot help but conclude, since he has givenand wisdom,—we

to the world something which has stood the acid test of time and criticism, and which stands today in brilliancy and sublimity, superior to anything proclaimed by human wisdom, that surely he was indeed the Chosen Prophet of the Latter Day.

A Theophany Resplendent

By James E. Talmage, of the Council of the Twelve

The spring of 1820 stands recorded as a time of transcendent import in the chronicles of both heaven and earth. For

many centuries the human mind, heart, and soul, had been beclouded by false precept and darkening dogma respecting Deity.

Through apostasy and its inseparable ignorance mankind had actually lost the knowledge of God. This dire condition had

been foreseen and predicted by holy prophets, apostles and seers, and by the Lord Christ himself.

By human search alone man cannot find God. The knowledge of Deity and Divine attributes once lost by the race can

never be recovered save through a new revelation from the heavens.

When, at the season named, the purehearted, truthseeking lad, Joseph Smith, sought seclusion in the grove to pray for guidance in a matter that he considered of vital importance to his soul, he moved to action the supreme powers of both good and evil.

Evil first vented its rage upon the youthful suppliant, he was buffeted by Satanic fury, and all the agencies of darkness conspired to terrify and deter. Feeling that without the intervention of a mightier power he would be utterly destroyed, he

called all the more earnestly upon God for aid. Let the lad's

own words tell the wondrous story:

"Just at this moment of great alarm, I saw a pillar of light exactly over my head, above the brightness of the sun, which descended gradually until it fell upon me.

"It no sooner appeared than I found myself delivered from the enemy which held me bound. When the light rested upon

me I saw two Personages, whose brightness and glory defy all description, standing above me in the air. One of them spake

unto me, calling me by name, and said, pointing to the other

This is my beloved Son. Hear Him."

The question about which Joseph had been most troubled, and for answer to which he had sought the Lord in obedience to scriptural precept and promise (see James 1:5), was as to

which of all the contending sects and churches of the time was the Church of Christ. The Beloved Son, Jesus the Christ, instructed him to refrain from joining any of the sects, as their

A THEOPHANY RESPLENDENT 515

teachings were the precepts of men, at best but a form of godliness devoid of the power thereof.

The Scriptures extant hold no record of a theophany, or personal manifestation of Deity, so glorious as was this. On

three earlier occasions, each marking the inauguration of a distinctive dispensation of Divine purpose and authority, had the Voice of the Eternal Father been heard, attesting the Godship of Jesus Christ. These were severally:

(1) At the time of our Lord's baptism in Jordan.

(2) At His transfiguration.

(3) When, as a resurrected and glorified Being, He ministered to the descendants of Lehi on the American continent.

In all these manifestations, the Father was heard but not seen, so far as Sacred Writ avers. In the latest attestation of the

Son's authority by the Father the Two stood side by side.

It is consistent with the distinguishing supremacy of the

Last Dispensation of Fulness—into which all Dispensation—the

authority and powers of earlier dispensations are to be gathered and restored, that its beginning should be signalized by Divine disclosures of surpassing purport and significance.

The appearing of the Eternal Father and His Son Jesus

Christ to Joseph Smith, in the spring of 1820, marked the end of a long era of apostasy and ignorance, except as unbelief or sin yet enthralls the individual soul.

Through that transcendent event, the knowledge of the personality of both Father and Son was again given to man.

The plain and ennobling truth that God is literally in the physical form and image after which man has been created was established anew.

Thereby, also, was the fact reaffirmed that in His dealings with the human race the Father operates through Jesus Christ the Son. "Hear Him"was the Father's commandment to Joseph,

and through Joseph to the world. In harmony therewith stands

the testimony of Christ given of old: "I am the way, the truth,

and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me

(John 14:6).

The theophany of 1820 demonstrated that the Church of

Christ was not existent upon earth, and furthermore that for its reestablishment a special delegation of power and appointment was requisite.

It marked the ushering in of the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times, of which the olden prophets had spoken, and which gfeall continue until the Lord Jesus Christ returns to earth to inaugurate the Millennium of consummation and peace,

The Church Will Prevail

By Osborne J. P. Widtsoe

It is as natural as that the rising sun should appear in the east to spread its glory gradually over the world, that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints should prosper and progress, to come ultimately to possess the earth. It was no vain

vision of the ancient prophet's which led him to declare, "Thou sawest till that a stone was cut out without hands, which smote the image upon his feet that were of iron and clay, and brake them to pieces. * * * And the stone that smote the image

became a great mountain, and filled the whole earth."Nor was it

a vain imagining of the Master's that led him to assert, "Blessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth."There are, indeed, certain fundamental principles of righteousness upon

which the privileges of possession are based. The nonobserv-

ance, or the violation of those principles, brings about disaster.

The strict observance of those principles assures success. And

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints will grow and gain possession as surely as the sun doth rise, if only it remain true to the genius of its inspiration.

One hundred years ago, the prophetboy, Joseph Smith, beheld a heavenly vision. This was the first of many visions and

with the Eternal Powers. Therevelations—direct communings

prophetboy grew to be a prophetman. Always the line of di

rect revelation was open. For a quarter of a century he lived

in continual communication with God. No other man in the history of the world has ever passed through a course of preparation, training, and achievement at all comparable with his. His

teachers were of heaven, his instruction was Godinspired, and his mission divinely directed. He revealed to man a noble, celestial philosophy of life, and he established in the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, an institution of economic, social, and spiritual solidarity. The work achieved by the great American Prophet during the short period of his active ministry lies

beyond the limited powers of mere mortal man. It is a fit subject for years of research, and volumes of recorded study. It

is, in fact, inexhaustible. One thought alone, however, inspires

the present writing. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints will prevail. It cannot fail on the foundations laid by the

Prophet Joseph Smith. "The God of Heaven set up a king518 IMPROVEMENT ERA

dom, which shall never be destroyed: and the kingdom shall

not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand forever."

But what are some of the foundation principles laid by revelation through the Prophet Joseph Smith that will make this prediction secure?

First, "Mormonism"stimulates to high and lofty endeavor:

to the abundant production of the things that best support life, to the mastery of the forces of nature, and to pure and righteous living. While it is declared that man exists that he may

have joy, it is by no means understood that man's joy is to be gained solely from physical or worldly pleasures. Indeed, while

"Mormonism"encourages the seeking of wholesome recreation, it condemns the socalled pleasures of the world, and places a morally righteous interpretation upon the word joy. "Mormonism"inspires the desire to work, to do. It is distinctly a

to the dissipation of energy in fruitlessspur to energy—not

pleasures, but rather to the direction of energy into righteous, productive channels. Real joy is derived from work and the

conscious effort to attain the ultimate good. As the straying

force that makes the wondrous display of lightning is chained by man and made to do useful service, so the straying energies of men are directed by the gospel of Jesus Christ and made to produce abundantly for the salvation of the children of God.

The Saints are therefore admonished not to idle away their time, nor to deny their talents that they be not known. And it

is specifically decreed that the idler shall not eat of the food produced by the laborer, nor wear the garments prepared by him. 1 Moreover, the rich are condemned, who hoard up their

riches and refuse to give help to the poor and to continue the life of productivity; and the poor man is likewise convicted of

sin, who will not labor with his own hands, "whose eyes are full of greediness,""and whose hands are not stayed from laying hold upon other men's goods."Those only are blessed

"who are pure in heart, whose hearts are broken, and whose spirits are contrite, for they shall see the kingdom of God coming in power and great glory unto their deliverance; for the

fatness of the earth shall be theirs."2

In its history, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints has observed closely this principle of productivity and inspiration to endeavor. It was ordained, for example, that the

land of Zion should not be obtained by the Saints except by purchase or by blood; "and if by purchase, behold you are

blessed; and if by blood, as you are forbidden to shed blood, lo,

iDoc. and Cov. 60:13; 42:42.

2Doc. and Cov. 56:16, 17, 18.

THE CHURCH WILL PREVAIL 519

your enemies are upon you * * * and but few shall stand to receive an inheritance."3 This passage cannot be mistaken.

The land of Zion was not to be obtained by robbery or by bloodshed. It must be worked for with the results of profor—paidductive labor, and built up by industry. The Saints failed

and their failure was due in part to their neglecting to observe the conditions on which they were to gain possession of the earth. On the other hand, when the pioneer bands reached the

end of their migration westward, the wise leader, Brigham

Young, who understood fully the genius of the Prophet's mission, set his devoted followers to work tilling the soil, and applying their hands to the labor that should produce the substance of life. When he was told that there lay gold and precious metals hidden in the mountains that walled his people in,

Brigham Young replied that he hoped it would remain there, and urged the people more vehemently to secure the land and to cultivate it. Others have come in to open up the veins of

the everlasting hills. Some have gained wealth and some have

become rich, but many thousands more have been laid away in paupers'graves, as empty and poor as the sinkholes they have made in the mountains. Meanwhile, the Saints have continued

in the main to practice the teachings of the inspired prophets.

They have built up an agricultural, industrial community. Their

business is to produce the goods needed by man in his complex life upon the earth. And they are urged to produce, not

merely to acquire, wealth, with which they may afterwards live at ease; but they are urged to produce more that they may still

produce more; and to use their wealth for further production

economic and spiritto be used in the salvation of men—the

ual uplifting of the human race. Wealth is declared to be an

unworthy object in itself; but everyone is encouraged to acquire

wealth that he may the better help in the salvation of the race.

And the Saints have been prospered. They have gained possession of land, and have learned to till it. They have been obedient, meek. "Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the

earth."Not industry and productive energy alone, however, will gain possession of the earth. Coupled with intelligent industry must be the meekness that includes all righteousness—the

meekness that causes one to bow in humility and obedience before the least expressed will of God. It is natural that man

should work to gratify his physical wants. Such a desire is a

spur to energy, an incentive to productive industry. Moreover,

it stimulates man to master and to overcome the natural forces

8Doc. and Cov. 63:29, 30.

520 IMPROVEMENT ERA

that stand between him and his achievement, or that may be harnessed and made to serve him in the achievement. But

withal, to retain what one has gained, one must deal righteously and learn to love one*s neighbor as oneself. To hold possession,

one must have gained possession in righteousness, and one must continue to deal righteously forevermore. That meekness which

is after God's own heart permits of no deviation from the straight and narrow way. The righteously productive man

loves honesty, humility, charity, and patience, eschews evil, cleaves unto chastity and temperance, and would rather do hurt to himself than to his neighbor. Here, then, may be

formed the first reason why the Church established by the

Prophet Joseph Smith will come ultimately to inherit the earth:

Its devotees are spurred to productive industry and they are meek.

Secondly, "Mormonism"stimulates to intellectual growth.

After his bodily wants are satisfied, man strives to gratify his desire to know. It has been so since time began; it is so now; it

will continue to be so through the countless eternities yet to be.

This desire to know stimulates to greater endeavor. It is a

further spur to energy. It uncovers the hidden forces of the

universe and gains mastery over the elements. It makes production relatively easier, and permits more time again for

mental endeavor. That institution only can be said to be established on the foundations of progress, which urges its followers to intellectual activity and growth. And therefore, the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints cannot but inherit the earth. The Saints are not to be permitted to live in ignorance. For this reason the leaders were instructed early to prepare textbooks for the use of the children.4 For this reason

Church members were themselves urged to study and learn, to become acquainted with good books, with languages, with peoples, and to obtain a knowledge of history, and of countries, and of kingdoms, of laws of God and man, and all this for the salvation of Zion."5 And for the same reason, that Zion may

be saved or thus come to inherit the earth prospered—and

the Saints have always been exhorted to teach diligently that everyone may become better instructed "in theory, in principle, in doctrine, in the laws of the gospel, in all things that is to be earth;pertaincomprehensive—"ofunto the kingdomthings bothof God."in heavenThis andteachingin the

things which have been, things which are, things which must shortly come to pass; things which are at home, things which

are abroad; the wars and the perplexities of the nations, and

4Doc. and Cov. 90:15; 55:4.

6Doc. and Cov. 93:53.

THE CHURCH WILL PREVAIL 521

the judgments which are on the land, and a knowledge also of countries and of kingdoms."Moreover, it is to prepare the

Saints for that possession which is inevitably theirs through their faithfulness and diligence, that such devotion to learning is urged.6 And that the desire to know should thus be an incentive to progress in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints is readily understood when one reads that, "The glory of God is intelligence, or in other words, light and truth;"that

7 and that,"it is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance;"

"Whatever principles of intelligence we attain unto in this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection; and if a person gains

more knowledge and intelligence in this life through his diligence and obedience than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to come."8

These principles are beautiful in theory. They are not

limited to theory, however, in the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints. The house of worship and the house of

learning go hand in hand in the communities of the Saints.

When new territory is opened for settlement, the Saints build first the public house of worship or the Church, then the school house. The Church school system has pioneered the way in

the intermountain West. It is maintained today as at least the

equal of any other system of schools of like grade. It is fostered by the Church in the hope that it may grow in efficiency

until it shall become in very deed second to none in all the world. In the meantime, the influence of the Prophet Joseph

Smith, and the farreaching effects of the doctrine he presented, have helped to shape the destinies of thousands of ambitious young men, and thus of the Church. Education and special

training have been sought the world over. The educators and

the learned men in the Church have been inspired by the revealed attitude towards education to seek learning in the best universities in the world. All that is best in the world is being

brought home, and to it is being added, not only the results of our own activity in the field of knowledge, but also the revealed word of God. And the interest of the Gospel rees-

tablished by the American Prophet is not limited to those fields of knowledge commonly misnamed practical. All that is good

is recognized as of practical value, and as helping in the growth the helping of man to gain and development of man—in

possession of the earth. Hence, literature is encouraged and fostered, music is highly developed, art is cared for with the

tenderness of a mother. In the temples built to the Lord, the

Doc. and Cov. 88:7880.

7Doc. and Cov. 93:36; 131:6.

8Doc. and Cov. 130:18, 19.

522 IMPROVEMENT ERA

best that art can produce in mural decoration and in paintings, in sculpture and in architecture, is sought and secured. If it

is objected that we have not yet produced much of world greatness, the answer comes quickly and soundly that we are still young, that we have spent our best efforts to this moment in conquering the desert, that we are still pioneers in a new world, the divinely revealed incentive to knowledgebut that—under

already accomplished something, perand intelligence—we have

haps more than any other community in the same time under similar circumstances. And thus, because the Gospel that the

Prophet Joseph Smith revealed stimulates, not only to material productivity and righteous living, but also to intellectual growth and aesthetic development, the Church which he founded is as sure to prosper and persist as is the sun to continue in its beaten way.

Thirdly, "Mormonism"stimulates to social service. Jesus

himself has declared the law of Christian love to be "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself."The greater part of the Sermon

on the Mount, many of the parables, and much of his general teaching are devoted to the expounding of man's duty to his fellowmen. It may be said that his own life was a glowing example of the practice of the law of love, and that this law was

the very heart of his teaching. All the duties of man to his

neighbor are based on the law of love. And this sympathetic

impulse, the desire to likewise an imdo—to do for others—is

portant incentive to progress, without which no one can hope to inherit the earth. In "Mormonism"as revealed through the

Prophet Joseph Smith, the law of Christian love is again made fundamental to progress, achievement, and possession. Charity

and love, with faith and hope, qualify a man for work. 9 No one

can assist in the great work of saving mankind "except he shall be humble and full of love."10 And it is the duty of the children of men to live together in love."11 Moreover, to the great

Prophet was repeated the commandment to love, with certain other commandments, revealing the fact that the law of Christian love comprehends the law of social interaction. Declared

the Lord, "Wherefore I give unto them a commandment, saying thus: Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with

all thy might, mind, and strength; and in the name of Jesus

Christ thou shalt serve him. Thou shalt love thy neighbor as

thyself. Thou shalt not steal; nor commit adultery, nor kill,

nor do anything like unto it. Thou shalt thank the Lord thv

9Doc. and Cov. 4:5.

10Doc. and Cov. 12:8.

"Doc. and Cov. 42:45.

THE CHURCH WILL PREVAIL 523

God in all things."12 Surely, whoso observes this commandment has learned to serve his fellowmen.

"Mormonism"stimulates, moreover, to render extra service. In the parable of the unprofitable servant, the concluthe servant has waited upon the master atsion is drawn—whensupper, after a long day's work has already been done—"So

likewise ye, when ye shall have done all those things which are commanded you, say, "We are unprofitable servants: we have

done [only] that which was our duty to do."Plainly, the law

of Christian love requires extra service. And "Mormonism"

trains more effectively than does perhaps any other religious creed, or than does any other form of community organization, for the high ideal of efficient social life. Every Latterday Saint

is taught to render efficient service as a citizen of the kingdom of

God. Every Latterday Saint is urged to render efficient service as a citizen of the country in which he lives. Efficient citizenship is a watchword of modern Israel. And efficient citizenship can be attained only through observance of the law of love.

"Thou shalt not speak evil of thy neighbor, nor do him any harm,"declared the Prophet. 13 Every man shall seek "the interest of his neighbor, and doing all things with an eye single

to the glory of God."14 And in harmony with the human law

that when a man has found the religion that seems to him to be the best, "he would be forced to become an advocate of that religion,"15 modern revelation makes it incumbent upon its devotees to spread the glad tidings of good news among their neighbors. "Behold, I sent you out to testify and warn the

people, and it becometh every man who hath been warned, to warn his neighbor."16 And the state of the perfect neighbor

is further expressed thus: "See that ye love one another; cease

to be covetous, learn to impart one to another as the gospel requires; cease to be idle; cease to be unclean; cease to find fault

one with another; cease to sleep longer than is needful; retire

to thy bed early, that ye may not be weary; arise early, that

your bodies and your minds may be invigorated; and above all

things, clothe yourselves with the bonds of charity, as with a mantle, which is the bond of perfectness and peace."17 Thus

does the doctrine promulgated by the truly great prophet,

Joseph Smith, urge men and stimulate them to gratify the de12Doc. and Cov. 59:5-7.

"Doc. and Cov. 42:27.

"Doc. and Cov. 82:19.

1BThomas Nixon Carver, The Religion Worth Having, p. 6, Houghton,

Mifflin Co., New York, 1912.

16Doc. and Cov. 88:81.

"Doc. and Cov. 88:123125.

a

524 IMPROVEMENT ERA

live the perfect law ofsires of the sympathetic nature—to

Christian love. These are the basic incentives to human progress: The desire to work, the desire to know, the desire to do.

In the Church established through the inspired genius of the

Prophet Joseph Smith, these are fundamental. "Mormonism"

stimulatets to a truly productive expenditure of energy with high ideals of right living; it stimulates to lofty intellectual and

aesthetic endeavor; and it urges social service and the practice

of the law of love. Is it not to be expected that the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints will ultimately inherit the earth as surely as the sun will rise, if only the Church remain true to the genius of its inspiration?

In conclusion, two points need briefly to be mentioned to strengthen further the position here presented. It has been

said that association is the law of human progress. Some will

have it that association in equality is the law of human proequality, presumably, equal rights and privgress—meaning by

ileges before the law. It is notable that Joseph Smith was a

mighty advocate of association. Less than half a year had

passed, after the organization of the Church, when the Prophet declared, "Wherefore the decree hath gone forth from the

Father, that they [the Saints] shall be gathered in unto one place upon the face of this land;"18 and throughout the revelations, the people are urged to gather in the land of Zion. Gathering, assembling for association, became thus an important principle of the restored Gospel. Through the practice of it, thousands of people left their homes and assembled in a new place

with others of the same faith. And this association of likeminded people made it possible to put forth a concerted effort

to produce, to learn, and to serve. It is, indeed, the doctrine

that has given numerical strength to the Church, made possible its achievements, supports its present prosperity, and assures its ultimate triumph as a productive Church. If it is true that

that religion is best "which (1) acts most powerfully as a spur to energy, and (2) directs that energy most productively,"19 it cannot be doubted that "Mormonism,"since it stimulates all the incentives to human progress, and puts in operation further the law of association, is to be accepted as the best religion—

living monument to the divine inspiration of the Prophet Joseph

Smith. True, the doctrine of the gathering to the headquarters

of the Church is no longer preached. Yet, the doctrine of gathering is an active principle. Wherever there is a branch or

an organization of the Church, the people assemble in social intercourse, and in worship. Moreover, they are associated in

18Doc. and Cov. 29:8.

19Thoma8 Nixon Carver, The Religion Worth Having, p. 13.

THE CHURCH WILL PREVAIL 525

the common aims, purposes, ideals of the Church. Concentration alone is no longer necessary; it has been accomplished, and

serves its purpose. The same principle of association serves now

in the outspreading organizations. Moreover, in their association in the Church, the people are equal. The Church is a

democratic institution. The ideal is equality "that you may be

equal in the bands of heavenly things."20 And thus, again, since

the law of association binds the people together, it is only natural to expect that the Church will ultimately triumph.

But the crowning feature, which makes it impossible that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints should fail, is the fact that it is founded solidly on the rock of revelation, and reposes implicit faith in the doctrine of continual revelation:

"Deny not the Spirit of revelation, nor the Spirit of prophecy, for wo unto him that denieth these things."21 It is well that

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is securely founded in economic and social principles. It is well that modern revelation stimulates productive energy and insists upon

right living; that it stimulates intellectual growth and fosters

the arts and sciences; that it stimulates social service and makes

for active, efficient citizenship in the governments of men. It

is well also that it operates in the basic law of association, gaining strength from the assembling into one place of people of like faith and ambition. But while it is well it is not enough.

Steadily to maintain the narrow way throughout the generations, there must needs be communion with the director of all.

Where there is no revelation, the people perish; they wander

from paths of rectitude; they deny even that which has given

them life. This, then, is the sum of all: Not alone because the

doctrines revealed through Joseph the Prophet spurs the energies of man to work, and to know, and to do; nor yet alone because it is based on the law of association, will it thrive and

prosper; but because there is added hereto the still more basic

principle of faith in God and his power to guide man by conseasons and countries shall retinued revelation—as times and

achieved. The farreachingquire—will ultimate triumph be

extent of the work of the Prophet Joseph Smith can not be declared; the monument he has erected to his memory cannot be

measured. But this much is certain: It is as natural as that the

rising sun shall appear in the east to spread its glory gradually over the world, that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints should prosper and progress to come ultimately to inherit the earth.

20Doc. and Cov. 78:5.

21 Doc. and Cov. 11:25.

Joseph Smith the Modern American

Prophet

By B. H. Roberts

Joseph Smith by birth, and more especially by reason of the many things he revealed concerning the land of America, her past and her future, is by preeminence the American Prophet.

He is not the "boy prophet;"I dislike that term. He is not the

"Prophet of Palmyra;"he is the Prophet of the dispensation of

the fulness of times.; if localized at all he must be known as the

"American Prophet."

JOSEPH SMITH, THE AMERICAN PROPHET 527

America the Land of Eden and of Zion

That this is true, let me a little show it. A line in one of

our hymns runs:

"For in Adamondi-Ahman, Zion rose where Eden was."

What is the meaning of this? It means that the Prophet

taught that the American continents are not the New World, but the Old; that Eden was here in America. Adamondi

Ahman, the place where Adam dwelt after being driven from

Eden, the Prophet declared to be in Missouri, in the valley of the Grand River. He represents a gathering together there

of the patriarchs of the antediluvian age, and tells how they blessed Adam, or "Michael,"the "Ancient of Days;"and Adam

rose among them and blessed the patriarchs, his posterity, and told what should befall them to their latest generations. (Doc.

and Cov., Sec. 107.)

Among the Patriarchs Enoch was preeminent for righteousness. He, in this western hemisphere, founded a city, sanctified

it, and called it "Zion,"the abode of the pure in heart; "for

this is that word relates to a people—"the pure Zion"—wherein

in heart."Hence "Zion rose where Eden was,"here in America.

But in the course of time "Enoch walked with God: and he

was not; for God took him."(Gen. 5.) That is, according to Paul,

God translated him, that he should not see death (Heb. 11);

and it came to pass that Zion was not, for God received it up into his own bosom and from thence went forth the saying, "Zion is fled."(Book of Moses, Ch. vii.)

Then after the flood, the Lord led to these western continents the Jaredite colony from the Euphrates valley; and sixteen centuries later the Nephite colony from Jerusalem. In

each case the Lord declared to the peoples so led to the western world that it was "a choice land above all other lands."The

Savior, in the most glorious manner, after His resurrection from the dead, visited these blessed Western Continents and declared that here should be built a Holy City by the united efforts of the house of Israel, chiefly the descendants of the Patriarch Joseph, of Egyptian fame, and the Gentile races who have right to an inheritance in the land; and the City should be called

"Zion,"a "New Jerusalem"—the "Zion"from which "the law

should go forth,"as the word of the Lord should go forth from

Old Jerusalem. Because of the future establishment of this City

**f Zion upon these western continents, as also on account of

Enoch's Zion, they are called the "Land of Zion."

528 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Constitution of the United States Inspired of God

Joseph Smith also taught that the Constitution of the United

States was a Godinspired instrument. "It is not right,"he represents the Lord as saying, "that one man should be in bondage

to another;"and hence the Constitution should be maintained

for the preservation of the rights, and the protection, of all flesh, "according to just and holy principles, that every man may act in doctrine and principle, pertaining to futurity, according to the moral agency which I [the Lord] have given unto him, that every man may be accountable for his own sins in the day of judgment. And for this purpose have I established the Constitution of this land by the hands of wise men whom I raised up unto this very purpose."

So Joseph Smith's disciples hold the Constitution of the

United States to be inspired of God. I think sometimes, however, that we do not realize all that this truth means. We are

apt to think of things in mass, and do not take the time to analyze them. What does it mean to say that the Constitution of

the United States is an inspired instrument? Undoubtedly, it

means primarily that God recognizes the right of the people, in their political capacity, to govern themselves. It expresses the

divine belief, so to speak, in the capacity of man for selfgov- ernment. It means that the people in their political affairs are

sovereign; for this is the chief thing which distinguishes the

American government from other political systems of government. We are not always happy in our forms of expression. We

do not make our terminology always meet our ideas. In spite of

the fact just alluded the people are sovereign, we talk to—viz.,

of, and pray for, "those who rule over us,"meaning presidents, cabinet officers, senators, governors, and the like; but these are

not "rulers,"they are the people's servants, elected for a limited time to administer government according to law, under the provisions of our Constitution; but they serve, they do not rule. The

people are sovereign, and the people alone are rulers, and they appoint or elect their servants. Moreover, this Constitution

provides for the freedom of the press; for freedom of speech;

for freedom and independence of the individual. It guarantees

religious liberty, hence a free church, as well as a free state, each independent of and separate from the other. The government

is an indestructible Union, composed of indestructible States. To

hold that the Constitution, which provides for these things, is inspired of God is to hold that each of these separate things, as well as the thing in mass, is ordained of God by the hands of wise men whom he raised up to establish this system of government; and to deny to the people the enjoyment of these several

JOSEPH SMITH, THE AMERICAN PROPHET 529

rights; to undertake, by any means whatsoever, to thwart the

realization of government by the people, to attempt to defeat the expression of their will, or make it result different from what their untrammeled judgment would have it, is to make an infraction upon the things that have been ordained of God.

In the above quotation concerning the system of government established by the Constitution of the United States being inspired of God, we may discern the purpose of God in the establishment of such a government. That purpose is that every

man may become directly and personally responsible to God forhis actions in matters relating to civil government—"that every

man may be accountable for his own sins in the day of judgment.*'The principle is, however, more fully developed in the

Book of Mormon than in the quotation here considered. The

incident which develops the principle occurs in the reign of the first Mosiah, and at a period that corresponds with the latter half of the second century B. C. The old king proposed to his

people a revolution in the form of government by which monarchy should be abandoned and a republican form of government established in its place. In urging this revolutionary measure the good king said:

"It is not common that the voice of the people desireth anything contrary to that which is right; but it is common for the

lesser part of the people to desire that which is not right; therefore this shall ye observe, and make it your law, to do your business by the voice of the people. And if the time comes that

the voice of the people doth choose iniquity, then is the time that the judgments of God will come upon you, yea, then is the time he will visit you with great destruction, even as he has hitherto visited this land. * * * And I command you to do these

things in the fear of the Lord; and I command you to do these

things, and that ye have no king; that if these people commit

sins and iniquities, they shall be answered upon their own heads.

For behold, I say unto you, the sins of many people have been caused by the iniquities of their kings; therefore their iniquities

are answered upon the heads of their kings. And now I desire

that this inequality should be no more in this land, especially among this my people; but I desire that this be a land of liberty,

that every man may enjoy his rights and privileges alike, so long as the Lord sees fit that we may live and inherit the land; yea,

even as long as any of our posterity remains upon the face of the land."In order that this element of moral responsibility may be brought into civil government, however, it stands to reason that every individual must be free and untrammeled in the exercise of his political duties, including the casting of his vote. Each in530 IMPROVEMENT ERA

dividual must have an equal voice in the government. Every man

must be a sovereign in the civil institution, and his vote must represent the voice and judgment of a free man, a vote unawed by influence, and uncoerced by any power whatsoever. Less than this

would convert the whole scheme of government by the voice of the people into mockery. Under a system of government by the

people, in order to retain the element of moral responsibility of the people in civil affairs, there must be no appeal but to the intelligent judgment of the individual. Each man's act must be

the act of a free man; and those who would corrupt the electorate of a government where the people rule, or sway it by any

other force than by an appeal to reason, would destroy this element of personal, moral responsibility in civil government, and in the case of those of us who accept this book from which I to any other force than to thatam quoting—if we would appeal

of reason or resort to any species of coercion, we would be setting ourselves against an order of things that God has ordained.

Adherence to these principles is pure Americanism. This is

constitutional morality. This is both the principle and the policy that will most inure to the perpetuation of our free institutions. This is the sheetanchor of our safety as a nation—our

surest guarantee of God's favor. The man who promulgated this

doctrine of individual, personal responsibility to God in the affairs of civil government, where the people rule, is worthy to be numbered among the greatest of American statesmen, American teachers, American prophets.

It means a great deal, this idea that the Constitution of the

United States is inspired of God.

America Fortified of God Against Other Nations

Not only did the Prophet teach the doctrine that the United

States Constitution was inspired of God, but he tells us through the Book of Mormon that God has fortified this land against all other nations. I will quote you the passage. The Lord said to

Lehi: "Behold, this land shall be the land of thine inheritance, and the Gentiles shall be blessed upon the land. This land shall

be a land of liberty unto the Gentiles, and there shall be no kings upon the land who shall raise up unto the Gentiles. And

I will fortify this land against all other nations, and he that fighteth against Zion [these continents of the western world] shall perish, saith God; for he that raiseth up a king against me

shall perish, for I, the Lord, the King of Heaven, will be their

King, and I will be a light unto them forever that hear my words."This guarantee, however, this fortifying this land against all other nations, is upon a certain condition: the condition *W*

Joseph smith, the American prophet 531

the "God of the land, who is Jesus Christ,"shall be honored by the people thereof. On this head I want to quote a passage from

a certain American statesman, that I can easily believe was one of the Godinspired men appointed to assist in the maintenance of true constitutional principles, as others were inspired to found the Constitution. I refer to the great statesman of nationalism,

Daniel Webster, who, before the New York Historical society, in 1852, in his last public address, said:

"Unborn ages and visions of glory crowd upon my soul, the realization of all which, however, is in the hands and good pleasure of Almighty God; but, under His divine blessing, it

will be dependent on the character and the virtues of ourselves, and of our posterity. If classical history has been found to be,

is now, and shall continue to be, the concomitant of free institutions, and of popular eloquence, what a field is opening to us for another Herodotus, another Thucydides, and another Livy!

"And let me say, gentlemen, that if we and our posterity liveshall be true to the Christian religion—if we and they shall

always in the fear of God, and shall respect his commandments they shall maintain just, moral sentiments, and such—if we and

conscientious convictions of duty as shall control the heart and life—we may have the highest hopes of the future fortunes of

our country, and if we maintain those institutions of government and that political union, exceeding all praise as much as it exceeds all former examples of political associations, we may be furnishes materialssure of one thing—that, while our country

for a thousand masters of the historic art, it will afford no topic for a Gibbon. It will have no decline and fall. It will go on

prospering and to prosper.

"But if we and our posterity reject religious instruction and authority, violate the rules of eternal justice, trifle with the injunctions of morality, and recklessly destroy the political Constitution which holds us together, no man can tell how sudden a catastrophe may overwhelm us, that shall bury all our glory in profound obscurity. Should that catastrophe happen, let it have

no history! Let the horrible narrative never be written! Let

its fate be like that of the lost books of Livy, which no human eye shall ever read; or the missing pleiad, of which no man can

ever know more, than that it is lost, and lost forever!"

Such were the sentiments of this patriotic statesman; but the

beautiful and flowing periods in which he expresses his thought, are in no respects better or stronger, or more patriotic than the rugged utterances of Joseph Smith, in whose utterances throughout our sacred books, there is a wealth of pure American sentiment that is the basis of a patriotism that shall yet exceed all praise.

532 IMPROVEMENT ERA

These several declarations by the prophet Joseph Smith, respecting America, by which so much light is shed upon her past, and her future glory; the characterization of her modern

free governments, wherein there shall be no toleration of kings the great doctrine of personal responsibility existing where free government based upon the consent of the governed obtains; the prophetic guarantee of the perpetuation of free institutions with the favor of God upon the land and upon the

people, on the condition that the people adhere to righteousness and honor Jesus Christ, the Son of God, in their hearts and this in relation to America, contributed in the teachlives—all

ing and prophecies of Joseph Smith, makes him preeminently the American prophet.

The Vision* A Sacred Historical Cantata, for Tenor Solo, Women, Men and

Mixed Choirs and Orchestra

Words and Music by Evan Stephens

(Dedicated to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints)

Written and composed especially for the centennial of The Vision given to the boy prophet Joseph Smith, in which the Father and the Son appeared in person, restoring to earth tk.3 everlasting gospel, and opening "The

Dispensation of the Fulness of Times."(Time of performance, 45 minutes.)

Written at the special request of President Heber J. Grant and Presiding

Bishop Charles W. Nibley, Dec. 20, 1919—Jan. 8, 1920, at "Pine Lodge,"Salt

Lake City, Utah.

Women's voices.

Morning gently wakes the songsters of the grove,

With its gentle touch of living light and love:

And with whisp'ring breezes stirring at their wings

Bids the choirs give voice to all they feel and sing.

Join in harmony the rustling of the leaves,

As they wave their welcome to the rising sun,

While in eastern skies a victory bright he cleaves

Through the mists of night: his resurrection won.

Bend, with graceful arching, O ye forest trees;

Bend, and greet with courtly grace this royal morn,

With whose heavenly light the night of man shall cease,

With whose rays anew the world again is born.

*Copyright by Heber J. Grant, for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved.

THE VISION 533

Men's voices.

And ye ttars of morn, that modestly withdraw,

Stay, and join again, as once in that great song

When the sons of heaven shouted as they saw

Man redeem'd from sin, in happy, joyous throng.

Women's voices.

And, O earth, that hast in sin and darkness lain,

Hidden deep from His revealed word and smile,

While thy sons and daughters filled with doubts and pain

Turned and wandered from the light of truth awhile:

Wake thy myriad sounds from all created things,

Bid them tune to themes of joyous songs divine,

Shake to life from silence all thy trembling strings

As the morn of morns o'er all creation shines.

Full chorus.

And thou, Grove, how blest are all thy hallow'd shades,

Blest and consecrated for all time to come.

Blest each leaf and flow'r, thy moss or waving blades,

And the insects that within thee make their home.

Thou'rt the chosen spot of all upon the land

Where the Father and the Son shall both descend

To restore to sweet communion God and man:

Where the night of mortal error is to end.

Here the trusting youth, on bended knees, shall call

To the F ther to reveal his holy will.

Here the sacred answer from his Son shall fall;

Here the sacred promises of old They shall fulfil.

("Morning gently wakes the songsters of the grove,"etc., repeating

the first twelve lines of the poem in full chorus to end of the prelude.)

Solo (Joseph):

for knowledge: My soul is athirst—athirst Knowledge of God—the living God.

Where can I find it?

Where can I find it?

The learned and the wise cry out:

"Lo, here is Christ, lo, there is Christ."

The multitude turn here and there for guidance,

But there is none. Strife instead of peace:

Hatred in place of Love, Darkness instead of Light!

Chorus, heard in the distance, during the solo.

We are sinners poor and needy,

Ever wand'ring in the night:

Ever straying, ever doubting, Groping blindly for the light.

Hasten, Lord, thy Spirit send us:

Show thy face, and wond'rous might.

Solo with chorus (Joseph and "Powers of Good").

for knowledge, My soul is athirst—athirst Knowledge of God—the living GoJ.

Where can I find it?

Where can I find it?

534 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Male chorus ("Powers of Good?').

"Seek, and ye shall find, Knock, and it shall be opened unto you."

(James 1:5)

Recitative (Joseph, as if reading).

"If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God,

That giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not,

And it shall be given him."

Aria (Joseph).

To the sweet shelter of the grove,

Where mortal footsteps never rove,

There will I go.

There will I supplicate, and prove (Craving His favor and His love)

If I may know:

Know that He liveth, and can hear

Even a child who need not fear

On Him to call:

Know that He answers mortal pray'rs,

Know that He loveth me, and cares

For mortals all.

Chorus ("Powers of Good").

sweet simplicity and trust!

The boy bends lowly in the dust.

Up through the grove and vaulted sky

His voice ascends to God on high,

Upborn by simple faith.

And, "nothing doubting,"void of fear,

He asks for Wisdom—guidance clear

What path to take to find His grace,

To do His will, and see His face.

His Father and his God.

Solo (Joseph).

Wisdom I lack, my Father and my Lord;

My gracious Savior, guide me by thy word.

Out of the strife encircling me around,

Out of the darknes gloomy and profound,

Lead me to peace and light.

Which is the path that leads, Lord, to thee?

Which is the path that sets the doubter free?

Thou bid'st me ask, and promise I shall find:

Answer me now, my gracious God, and kind

Thy child, I come to thee.

THE VISION 535

Chorus of Angelic Narrators ("Powers of Good?').

"The Powers of Darkness."

But see!

The powers of darkness round about him rush!

They overcome! His pleading voice they hush!

Lord, send him aid! His fainting soul revive,

Yet, unafraid, his terrors to survive.

(Joseph) Feebly Out of the strife encircling me around,

Out of the darkness, gloomy and profound,

Lead me to peace and light.

Chorus (Narrators). Ladies'Voices.

And now!

Brighter than noonday sun, Glows, through the air and sky,

A pillar pure, of light!

Male Voices.

And there The Father and the Son, Descending from on high, In splendor bright!

All.

The powers of darkness flee!

The trusting boy beholds Two Beings, pure and bright.

While he, Still there, on bended knee.

His quest once more unfolds, And pleads again for light.

Solo (Joseph).

"Which is the path that leads, O Lord, to thee?

Which is the path that sets the doubter free?

Thou bid'st me ask, and promise I shall find,

Answer me now, my gracious Lord, and kind,

Thy child, I come to thee.

Chorus (Narrators in Unison, pp.)

The Father's gracious voice In tender tones replies:

"Joseph, this is my Beloved Son,

Hear him."(A Silent pause. In harmony) And 0! rejoice!

The Blessed One who died, And victory won, Answered the prayer of faith In words of clear intent, Of power and love.

Chorus (Men Narrators in Unison).

He speaks!

They all have gone astray, Astray from Truth and Light.

Join none of them, for lo, In God's most holy sight 536 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Their creeds, false and impure,

Abominations are:

And men, who teach for hire, Mislead their hearers far.

The godliness they claim Is but a form, and vain,

Chorus.

PP O sweet sim - plic - i-ty, sweet sim - plic - i - ty and trust! The boy bends

h; it +=&-

EgggEgEEg 3:

"—T$\-m—=%—'—-

PP PP

'tmmmmmmmmmlow - ly, lowly in the dust; Up thro'the grove and vault - ed sky His

*fe2 -.,. &m3=&==&?. B H bl4J --?&-:1= Bi3= *$m

Rijif? pp fmmim$

ffifefefililE "-E HI fTB simple faithvoice ascends to God on high—Upborne by

g?=E

; s 3 THE VISION 537

And, nothing doubting, void of fear, He asks for wis - dom—guidance

clear—What path to take to find His grace, To do His will, and

-sr & -*(mmmm SArti: Tdtl?Z -rry: t=t=? mfJT

Its power they deny, And holiness they feign.

Commandments made of men They teach for doctrines true:

Draw near me with their lips, Their hearts af r I view.

538 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Join none of them, but seek, As thou this day hast done, The Father's holy will.

With prayerful heart, and meek.

Keep what thy faith has won The heavens open still.

(Pause. During which soft music dies away, representing the'heavenly

Beings receding heavenward.)

Chorus (In harmony).

And as the youth in holy wonder gazed,

The light withdrew, and soon he, all amazed,

Found himself gazing at the distant sky it was before. Distant—but nearer than

For lo! The Master left an open door

To close no more: those portals hung on high

Through which "A Mighty Angel"soon should fly

And bear the "Everlasting Gospel"unto men,

Restored, to be withdrawn no more. Amen!

Clwrus or Trio (Women's voices).

O blessed communion, 'tween mortals and heaven,

Light and revelation again have been won,

To guide us and save us, this hour has been given,

Through loving, a wondrous mercy of Father and Son.

O blest dispensation in which we are living

When Christ and the Father descended to earth,

To bear the glad tidings to mortals, and giving

This last dispensation its glorious birth.

blessed communion, whereby we may enter

Where the Holy Spirit our footsteps may guide,

And lead to where knowledge and certainty center,

In everlasting progress and love to abide.

O blest dispensation, etc., etc.

Chorus (Congregation and Chorus).

The voice of God is heard again,

The silence has been broken, The curse of darkness is withdrawn,

The Lord again hath spoken.

Rejoice, ye living!—And, ye dead,

Rejoice! for your salvation

Begins anew this happy morn Of final dispensation.

Solo (With full Chorus).

Shout ye Hosannas! Shout again!

Till all creation blending Shall join in one great, grand Amen

Of anthems never ending.

Amen.

Influence of the Gospel for Good through the Doctrine of the Gathering

By Richard R. Lyman, of the Council of the Twelve

According to the original scriptural promise, the Lord has taken "one of a city, and two of a family"and brought them "to Zion"(Jer. 3:14).

Since "every tree is known by his own fruit"(Luke 6:44),

let us examine some of the results of the latterday gospel.

The God of heaven is to "set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed"(Daniel 2:44). If this kingdom has not been established, then it is to be established at some time in the future.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is the forerunner of this kingdom, as we believe, which was to be set up by the God of heaven never to be destroyed; it was not to be left

to other people, but should break into pieces and consume all other kingdoms; and, as the scriptures say, it should "stand

forever"(Daniel 2:44). Otherwise, what does the scripture

mean? which reads:

"But in the last days it shall come to pass, that the mountain of the house of the Lord shall be established in the top of the mountains, and it shall be exalteJ above the hills; and people shall flow unto it.

"And many nations shall come, and say, Come, and let us go up to the mountain of the Lord, and to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will

teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths; for the law shall go

forth of Zion, and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem"(Micah 4:1,2).

It has been claimed that our Church is but a small one.

Granted; but it is powerful. Many attribute the effectiveness

of the work of the Church to the perfection of its organization.

A little reflection will show that organizations, however perfect, do not necessarily mean effective work.

Recently an eastern educator, a member of the Methodist church, in commenting upon the effective work of our Church, remarked that with the same sort of organization his great church, with its twelve million members, could accomplish marvels. "Do you think it is the organization,"said one of our professors, "that gives the L. D. S. Church its strength? You

see that powerplant,"he continued; "there is the pipe line,

there are the water wheels, there are the electric generators; and

throughout this whole intermountain country is a network of 540 IMPROVEMENT ERA

wires constituting the distribution sysem. All these, together

make a wonderful organization. But this organization, all this

mechanism and construction, amount to nothing without the water on the wheel. How many men are there in your church

who are willing to go into the world at their own expense and preach the gospel of Jesus Christ as the Methodists believe it?"

"I am not sure that there is one,"said the visiting educator.

"It is that missionary spirit in our Church that accounts for its power. It is this spirit that is the water on the wheel. With

the Latterday Saints the preaching of the gospel seems to be a living desire. And this is as it should be, for the divine command has been given to the people to whom the gospel has been

revealed that they must teach it 'to every nation, and kindred, and tongue and people'(Rev. 14:6). 'And this gospel of the

kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come'"(Matt. 24:14).

This divine command keeps thousands of missionaries continuously in the field. A natural love for preaching and teaching the gospel of Jesus Christ has "established in the top of

the mountains and exalted above the hills,""the house of the

Lord"(Micah 4:1).

"Ye shall know them by their fruits"(Matt. 7:16). Judge

these preachers and their message by the results of their efforts.

They have gone with the glad tidings of great joy into practically all the nations of the world, and many honest hearts have accepted their message.

Many have accepted the message when they were in humble circumstances; or have embraced the gospel when, for so

doing, they were derided by their friends and cast out by their kindred. Once they obey this prompting "to gather,"and begin

to put forth effort to reach the land of Zion, these converts are transformed, not instantly, for it may take years, and sometimes much of the lifetime; but finally the blessing comes. Success,

prosperity, culture, are the blessings that have education—these

come to those who have accepted this modern gospel.

A few examples: William Spry was a boy in England. He

heard this gospel message and accepted it. With means extremely limited, he began his struggle to come "to Zion."Little did he think when, as a boy, at the age of eleven, he landed

with a company of emigrants in New York City, that he would live to spend six years of his life preaching this same gospel;

that in the community where he lived he would be elected to many important county offices; that he would have the honor

of representing his community in the legislative halls of the state; and that during eight years of his life he would have the

honor of serving as the governor of the state in which he lived.

INFLUENCE OF THE GOSPEL FOR GOOD 541

Fiction rarely presents a more surprising experience and transformation than that which came to this boy of eleven as a result of his accepting the message.

Another of the governors of Utah, Honorable John C. Cutler, is also one who, in the days of his boyhood, accepted this

newly revealed religion. In England he began his employment

at the age of twelve. For his first year of service he received

$100, while his expenses were about $150. During the second

year he received enough to meet all his expenses. From that

time until the present, wise and successful in business, he has made it the rule of his life "to live within his means."

As a boy, he had great admiration for his grandfather, who left to each of his grandchildren approximately $2500; an ambition of his boyhood was to do as well by his own descendants.

This young man drove an ox team across the plains. When

he reached the Salt Lake Valley, he began harvesting potatoes, carrots, and other farm products on shares. From this humble

beginning, through several public offices, John C. Cutler has

risen until, honored by being elected governor of the state, he, too, has been an important factor as director in many large and most successful business undertakings in this intermountain country. Today he is the president of one of our strongest banking institutions. Let the message he accepted be judged by its

results.

From old Scotland comes another notable example, in the person of Charles W. Nibley, Presiding Bishop of the Church,

railroad magnate, large lumber dealer, and sugar king. In poverty for eleven years, the Nibley family, of which Charles W.

Nibley was one of the children, saved and skimped to get means enough to bring them on their way towards "Zion."The savings

of eleven years were gone when the family reached Rhode

Island. Five more years of struggle brought means enough to

the family to complete the journey.

By industry, perseverance, and most of all by faith, Charles

W. Nibley has achieved an eminence which suggests the tales

of the fairies.

Bishop Nibley attributes the success that has come to him to the willingness of his parents to listen to the promptings of the still small voice, that told them unmistakably that the gospel is true. At the annual reunions of his numerous posterity

the bishop invariably speaks of the great gratitude which they all owe to the eternal Father.

While the three men above mentioned have, because of the blessings the gospel bring, been more successful than many others who have accepted this message, yet the whole history of the Church and its people is, with hardly a single exception, 542 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a record of new opportunities presented, renewed efforts made, and unusual faith, stability of character, and success achieved.

The Church organization brings Church members into a close that each naturallyand helpful association with one another—so

is assisted in his life's work by all the others. Naturally, such

conditions greatly increase the chances of success.

"Ye shall know them by their fruits"(Matt. 7:16).

Between the lives and successes of the people here and the promises and prophecies of Holy Writ, there is a striking similarity.

The Vision Beautiful

By Susa Young Gates

The world of man looked out with unseeing eyes into past and future glories when the Vision was vouchsafed to the youthful prophet in the early spring day of 1820. But if it meant

much to men, with all their hold upon the earth and its fulness, what was the effect upon the women of the world? That wonderful appearance in the Grove, at Palmyra, held in its heart,

like the halfopened calyx of a rose, all the promises of future development for woman, foreshadowed by that revelation given to Moses concerning the creation when he saw "man"created in the express image of his Maker, "male and female created he them."There was to be no bond and free in Christ

Jesus, but all were to be free. Therefore, the >v"ision held the

bright promise of equality and freedom for women. The divine

Mother, side by side with the divine Father, the equal sharing of equal rights, privileges and responsibilities, in heaven and on earth, all this was foreshadowed in that startling announcement of the Son: "They were all wrong! They draw near to me with

their lips, but their hearts are far from me!"In an agelong

darkness and apostasy, woman had been shackled because of her very virtue, tender sympathy, and patient desire for peace.

Men had trafficked and struggled with one another during the long centuries, outside the sanctuary, since the walls had fallen upon their religious ruins. But man had held woman by

the wrist, had controlled her religiously, financially, and civilly.

What rights and what privileges she enjoyed through those dark ages of superstition and oppression after the Master's vision had closed upon mankind with the crucifixion, were hers through sufferance of her male guardians and possessors.

Can you conceive, then, what the Vision meant to woman?

THE VISION BEAUTIFUL 543

It meant in civil, religious, social and finally, financial matters, the right of choice; it meant woman's free agency, the liberation of her longchained will and purpose.

She has erred in her judgment at times, since that day of prefigured release in the Grove at Palmyra. So has her husband, her son, and her brother. But, O! the wonder and joy of

that Vision! Today, and since that day, in this Church and

Kingdom, as was divinely ordained, together men and women stumble along, now climbing, and now slipping on the steep hillside. Joined by the clinging hands of their little children,

both are facing the rising sun of the coming day of peace and power. When the key was turned in the opening portal of sky and

earth to admit men once again in life's sacred courts, men were endowed with the power and majesty of the Holy Priesthood;

and all its blessings, gifts, and powers are shared and shared alike by man and his true mate. He of right enters into his

Priesthood heritage, while the Gate Beautiful opens wide to admit all of us women into the glories of the Court of the Women

Nor are we there confined! Side by side, men and women climb

the golden stairs, pass Solomon's Porch, the Altar of Sacrifice, the symbolic tables and glowing candlebranches, into the Holy

Place; and as we go together into the Holy of Holies we voice

the hymnal of our sex "When I leave this frail existence,

When I lay this mortal by, Father, Mother, may I meet yon

In your royal courts on high?

Then, at length, when I've completed,

All you sent me forth to do, With your mutual approbation, Let me come and dwell with you."

Some Effects of the Gospel on Human

Lives

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe, President of the University of Utah

How does a religion affect the lives of those who practice it? This is the most searching question concerning any religion.

Perhaps the most noticeable and remarkable effect of "Mormonism"upon the lives of its followers is the rapid and large unfolding of the latent powers inherent in man. Faithful membership in the Church, including the systematic study

of its laws, results in a steady growth in intelligence and the power to use that intelligence in the daily affairs of life. The

members of the Church have been drawn from every country and condition of life. Rich and poor; learned and unlearned;

skilled and unskilled, have come under the influence of the restored gospel. The weak have become strong; the strong

have become mighty, and the Church has become able, in spite of the heterogeneous origin of its members, to build a homogeneous body capable of accomplishing great tasks. The European peasant has acquired a patriarchal understanding; the

weaver, the coal miner, and the mechanic, have been used in positions of leadership in politics, finance, or religion; and the

men of wealth or learning have found amplified opportunities for expressing their strength.

The body of bishops within the Church, approaching one thousand in number, is perhaps the best illustration of the power of the gospel to remould men into a larger stature. The

bishops have been called from every ordinary human pursuit.

Among them are farmers, mechanics, merchants, bankers, lawyers, doctors, teachers, capitalists, rich men and poor men;

men who have scarcely seen the inside of a school, and college graduates possessing the best learning of the land. Yet, as

a body, chosen, first of all, because of their devotion to the cause, they are, in their power to serve the people and to carry on the work in their charge, of remarkable uniformity. Something has occurred within each individual life to wipe out artificial distinctions of learning, wealth or pursuit, until the bishops meet and mingle on a common plane of understanding and

efficient service.

To an astounding degree the same is true of all the memEFFECTS OF THE GOSPEL ON HUMAN LIVES 545

bers of the Church. Every person has largely found himself.

As duties come, they are performed well—in many cases far

beyond ordinary expectations. Frequently, men of large devotion, though of the humblest extraction and most meagre preparation, have developed powers, of kingly quality, with which

they have become able to satisfy their noble instincts. As such

lives are studied, the conviction is established that, inherent in the system of faith established by Joseph Smith, is a kindling cruality, by which men are made able to use more completely the powers with which they have been endowed.

Naturally, though such is the effect of the gospel upon the lives of its honest practitioners, there is no dead level among equality of gifts or atthe "Mormon"people—no monotonous

tainments. At the best, each man is made better able to express his strength, be it great or small and the size of life's

structure is alwavs determined by the foundations that are laid.

Joseph Smith, the Prophet, exemplified in his life the large power to use one's gifts that comes from gospel contact. The

Prophet grew up under hard and somewhat unlovely circumstances. His educational opportunities were exceedingly

meagre. He was trulv unlettered. During his boyhood and

vouth and voung manhood, he was obliged to earn his living bv manual labor. Joeph Smith, by all earthly standards, was

not placed in the path to power.

Very soon, however, after the First Vision, a change came over the bov. His family, of good intelligence, and some of

them of fairlv good school training, accepted teachings and directions from the boy. Men and women of diverse conditions and powers, came under his influence and yielded to his

superior power. As he proceeded to organize the Church, men

of learning and much earthlv experience gathered around him, but always was the youthful Prophet greater than any of his religious leadfollowers. Year bv year he grew in power—as

er, builder of cities, or nolitical and spiritual philosonher until, towards the close of his short life he was recognized bv friend and foe as a man of remarkable strength. Contrast the

shrinking boy who. one hundred years ago, timidly looked

about in the sacred grove to make sure he was alone before addressing himself to God, with the masterful man, imprisoned in a Missouri jail, who commanded his armed jailors to cease their filthy and blasphemous talk. The detailed life of the

Prophet is well known, and drives the student to the conclusion that his mishty power was won from the education that the gospel gave him. < is probablyLtitthe The development of individual power

546 IMPROVEMENT ERA

greatest direct effect of the gospel upon the lives of its followers. From the possession of this larger power are drawn

many of the other qualities that distinguish the "Mormon"people.

The gospel impels men to use their powers wisely. For

example, the members of the Church are nearly all imbued with a desire to acquire the largest possible bodily, mental and spiritual health. Consequently, wise physiological living, high

morality, simple honesty, and firm obedience to law, together with correct habits of life, in which work and play are commingled, characterize these Latterday Saints. The gymnasium,

the social center, and the Church, are often on the same block, sometimes in a connected building, and all under Church supervision.

The gospel awakens also an intense desire for intellectual advancement. It is a principle of "Mormonism"that the intelligence which a man develops here will go with him into another world of unending progress. "The glory of God is intelligence."The development of intelligence is therefore sought

by every legitimate means, by conversation and travel, by the reading of books and periodicals, and by attendance at schools and colleges. This love of intelligence is rapidly making the

"Mormon"people a body of high school and college graduates.

But the gospel requires that men serve one another. The

plan of salvation is universal. Only as all of the human family

are won to truth does the plan approach consummation. The

conception of this large brotherhood of man has been so driven into the structure of the Church members that it colors all their acts. The missionary system well illustrates this thought.

Men and women are called from their ordinary walks and sent into the world, at their own expense, to preach the gospel. It

is a severe test, but if a person survive it, and most of them do, he will henceforth look upon his fellow man as a brother to be loved, helped and cherished.

Further, an understanding of the Plan of Salvation makes a man desirous of securing a fuller understanding of God and the spiritual world. The doctrine of the coherence of the past,

present and future, presents a unified scheme of human progress. This life is but a continuation of a life before this, and

a preparation for a future life in which individual action will be untrammeled. Under this doctrine, the duties of the day

are performed with their spiritual values in mind; and a new

courage to labor and to learn is born daily within the human heart.

Out of the doctrine pertaining to man's relationship to

EFFECTS OF VHE GOSPEL ON HUMAN LIVES 547

man and God, comes a common sense view of things. Man, a

preexistent being, is on earth with his brethren, all children of God, to learn and to progress, and destined to continue to grow, if the human will is rightly used, throughout all time.

God is a personage of transcending power and intelligence, the controller of the earth and man, of life and death. There is

no mystery beyond that of truth yet to be gained. Man's main

concern is to live well his earth life; and thus to prepare for

the coming life. His God is a God of light, not of mistiness.

The field of the unknown is great, but as new truth is won, it will come as added light. There is no place for spiritism

or any other form of mysticism in the life of the Latterday

Saint. This explains, in part, the rapid growth of men and

women within the Church. Mysteries are as underbrush, hindrances to progress; remove them, and the path of progress is

clear.

Joseph Smith's impelling desire, when he went into the grove to pray, one hundred years ago, was to know the truth for himself. Everv member of the Church has had his equivalent first vision. He knows the truth for himself. If he is deceived he cannot blame it on someone else. Consequently,

the membership of the Church is made up of independent, fearless units, who are anything but the priestridden body described by enemies of the Church. This explains many of

the socalled peculiarities of the "Mormon"practice of religion.

isThe effect of this individual certainty upon human lives naturally of tremendous importance. It gives great stability

to the Church itself.

All this, and much more than the space allowed for this article to be written, results in making men happy. The Latter-day Saint who lives his religion finds his powers'steadily

unfolding. He is impelled to use his strength wisely for his

own and his neighbor's good, and for the advancement of an eternal plan of progress in which he is a colaborer with God.

He learns to love light and to eschew imitations of truth which depend upon mysticism and incompleteness for their success.

He knows for himself that the system to which he yields allegiance is true.

Such a man finds daily progressive contentment, though life's struggle be strenuous. Even from earthly defeat he arises

a conqueror.

This may be the severest test. Does a religion give peace

of mind, and make even the eager unrest for progress a source of joy? Such a religion conforms to the plan designed by God

for his children.

The "Mormon"people have won such contentment. Kest548 IMPROVEMENT ERA

less they may be, in their daily tasks, as are other people, but, whether behind the plow, in the office, or in the market place, there is a song of joy in their hearts, for they know the truth for themselves; their powers are expanding, they have the will

to serve themselves, their fellow men, and their God, and they see clearly, if distantly, the meaning of life and the destiny of man.

Such are some of the effects of the work initiated by the

First Vision, upon the lives of those who believe the Vision to be true.

MEMORIAL MONUMENT AND COTTAGE, SHARON, VERMONT

The cottage was completed during the year following the dedication of the monument, on the hundredth anniversary of the prophet's birth,

Dec. 23, 1905, and the surrounding grounds, now beautifully improved, attract thousands of visitors annually. The cottage contains a number of portraits of the Smith family, also pictures of their places of residence, from

Essex, England, 1635, to Carthage, Illinois, 1844. The hearthstone of the old

home has been preserved, and occupies in the new cottage the precise place it did in the old home, where the prophet was born,

The Church in the Mission Field

By Andrew Jenson, Assistant Church Historian

During the past century, since Joseph Smith received his first Vision, all parts of the world have become known to humanity, and the conditions, religiously, politically, socially and morally, existing in different lands and climes, have been thoroughly investigated by elders of the Latterday Saints who have visited all parts of the world; and now in the light of one hundred years of research and thorough investigation we should

know whether the boy Prophet did or did not tell the truth in regard to the condition of the religious world, when he practically declared that none of the Christian sects then in existence represented the true Church of Christ.

Soon after the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was organized, April 6, 1830, the elders of the Church began to preach the gospel, as it had been restored through the instrumentality of Joseph Smith, who had received much divine instruction during the ten years that intervened between his first vision and the establishment of the Church. During the next

few years the elders visited nearly every state in the Union.,

where they came in contact with all the modern sects and denominations which at that time were found or had representatives in North America, and they came to the conclusion that as far as the United States was concerned there was no Church organization that resembled the one originally organized by Jesus

Christ in Palestine.

In 1836 Parley P. Pratt, who by that time had been chosen

as one of the twelve apostles of the Church, went as a missionary to Toronto, in Canada. There he found John Taylor

and others who were earnestly seeking after truth. They had

formerly been Methodists, but not finding the creed of that great denomination satisfactory, they were now independent of any sectarian organization and holding Bible meetings of their own. In one of these meetings, John Taylor read from the Acts of

the Apostles the account of Philip preaching the gospel to the

Samaritans, and of Peter and John coming down to visit them from Jerusalem. "Now,"said Mr. Taylor, "where is our Philip?

Where is our receiving the Word with joy when we believe and are baptized? Where are our Peter and John? Where are

our apostles? Where is our Holy Ghost by the laying on of

550 IMPROVEMENT ERA

hands? Where are our gifts of the Holy Ghost? Echo answers

where?"After further investigation it was found that conditions in Canada were practically the same as in the United

States; no true Church of Christ could be found within the

limits of the British dominion.

In 1837 Heber C. Kimball, Orson Hyde, Willard Richards,

Joseph Fielding and others were sent to England as the first

Latterday Saints missionaries called to labor in a distant foreign country; they commenced their missionary labors in Preston,

Lanchashire. Here they found James Fielding (a brother of

Joseph Fielding, one of the missionaries), who had withdrawn from the Methodist church and had collected quite a congregation in Preston. These people (among them Robert Aitkin)

were diligently contending for "that faith which was once delivered to the Saints,"but had been unable to find the true

Church of Christ in England. Most of them afterwards became

converts to "Mormonism."

In 1839 Alexander Wright and Samuel Mulliner, and later, the same year, Apostle Orson Pratt commenced successful proselyting work in Scotland where the adherents of John Knox constituted a great part of the population. They were Scotch

Presbyterians who had incorporated into their creed many sublime truths, but who nevertheless had erroneous doctrines and lacked the organization of the original Christian church in its main features. Many people in Scotland subsequently became

true and faithful members of the Church whose representatives brought them the fulness of the gospel.

In 1840 John Taylor and others commenced missionary labors in Ireland and in 1841 actual proselyting work was also commenced in Wales, but neither the Catholics in Ireland, nor the Protestants in Wales, could sustain any consistent claim of being successors of the original Church established by Christ.

In 1841, also, Orson Hyde, who had been called on a special mission by the Church to Jerusalem, visited Holland where he became acquainted with followers of the Dutch Reformers and afterwards he spent several months in Regensburg, Germany, investigating conditions, while studying the German language. But while the Reformed Church of Holland and the

Lutherans of Germany had many beautiful doctrines of Christianity, they had strayed away from the original faith in many points, and consequently could not represent the true Church of the Savior.

Continuing his journey, Apostle Hyde found himself in

Palestine where the Roman Catholic Church was contending with the Greek Catholic Church, and a number of others who represented several Protestant denominations were contending

THE CHURCH IN THE MISSION FIELD 551

with the ministers of the older churches. But they all seemed

to have lost the love of the gospel, had changed the ordinances which existed in the primitive church, and had engendered in their hearts bitterness of feeling and hatred toward one another, so much 60 that it had become necessary for the Turks to protect, with armed force, the individual rights of the contending Christians. Hence, sad as the contemplation is, not

even in the Holy Land, the cradle of original Christianity, was to be found any organization which resembled in discipline or doctrines the original church. Nor were these contending Christians willing to listen to the testimony of Elder Hyde concerning the restored gospel. All that he could do was to offer up a

sincere prayer on the Mount of Olives, dedicating the land for the gathering of the Jews.

In 1844 Noah Rogers, Addison Pratt, and Benjamin F.

Crouard arrived as the first Latterday Saints missionaries on the South Pacific Islands. Here they found representatives of

the London Missionary Society contending with Catholic priests about Christianity, thus bewildering the native Polynesians, who in their simplicity listened to the story of the mission of the Prophet of Nazareth. When the true gospel was preached

to these uneducated natives, thousands of them embraced it, and to this day the Church has had faithful members in the Society Islands and neighboring groups.

In 1849 missionaries were called in Salt Lake City, Utah, to open up new missions in continental Europe, among nonEnglish-speaking people. Thus Apostle John Taylor with others were called to France, Lorenzo Snow and others to Italy,

and Erastus Snow and others to Scandinavia. Elder Taylor

found considerable opposition to his preaching in France where he commenced operations in 1850. Most of the French people

were Roman Catholics and cared not, apparently, for the genuine gospel of Christ. Lorenzo Snow found almost the same

conditions prevailing in Italy, though he and his fellowmis- sionaries there succeeded in making a few converts among the

Waldenses, in the valleys of the Alps. In Denmark, Erastus

Snow found that Lutheranism had been established as the state religion, the same as in Germany, but there were a few sincere Baptists who had suffered much persecution on account of their religion before religious liberty had been established in the land. Some of these were willing to receive further light

from Apostle Snow and his companions, and they became the first converts to the true gospel in Denmark, in 1850.

Elder John E. Forsgren was the first missionary in Sweden;

he was universally rejected by his countrymen, most of whom were adherents to Lutheranism, but in due course of time many 552 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the Swedes accepted the restored gospel, becoming convinced that neither the Lutherans nor the other Christian denominations in Sweden represented the true faith.

In Norway, where the first missionaries commenced operations in 1851, many of the people received "the Word"with joy, but the Lutheran clergy caused all the first "Mormon"missionaries to be imprisoned, and the civil authorities, under ecclesiastical influence, were forced to deny the "Mormons"the protection that the socalled Dissenter Law extended to certain denominations which had cut loose from the dominant church of the land. Subsequently many of the Norwegians became

members of the true Church and are now found with their posterity among Zion's most faithful sons and daughters.

little When Lorenzo Snow and his companions met with so encouragement in Italy, Elder Thomas B. H. Stenhouse, one of

Brother Snow's missionary companions, turned his attention to

Switzerland, where he found the Roman Catholics in the majority in the French cantons and the Lutherans in the German cantons, but there were also many adherents to the doctrines of

John Calvin. Many of the Swiss people, who became convinced

that none of the churches represented in their land before was the Church of Christ, later became followers of the true Church of Jesus Christ.

In 1850 George Q. Cannon and others, landed as the first

Latterday Saint missionaries in Hawaii, where they found that

Calvinism had been preached to the natives, but not with any success morally. In the course of a few years many of the natives saw the difference between false, theoretical Christianity

and true, practical Christianity, and embraced the latter.

When John Murdock and Augustus Farnham arrived as the first Latterday Saints missionaries in Australia, in 1851, they found the Episcopalians, or members of the Church of England, in the majority, but most of the people in that new country were not religiously inclined; hence most of them would neither

accept the true gospel of Christ nor become loyal to any of the

Christian sects.

When Joseph Richards and William Willis, in 1851, landed in India as the first "Mormon"missionaries there they found the great bulk of the native millions divided on the question of the truth of Mohammedanism and Buddhism, and the socalled

Christians contending as to the truth of the Episcopalian form or the different Protestant forms of Christianity.

In 1851, when Parley P. Pratt and Rufus C. Allen endeavored to open up a mission in Chili, South America, they found

Catholicism prevailing and the people unwilling to accept any other form, and a similar condition was found by Gudmundsen

THE CHURCH IN THE MISSION FIELD 553

and companion when they (also in 1851), as representatives of the Church of Jesus Christ, arrived in Iceland. The people there

were Lutherans and desired to continue as such.

When Elders Jesse Haven, Leonard I. Smith, and William

Walker, in 1853, arrived in the Cape of Good Hope as Latterday Saints missionaries, they found the Church of England the dominant church in that colony. A number of other sects were

represented, but only a few would accept the true gospel.

In 1854 Augustus Farnham and William Cooke arrived as the first missionaries of the Church in New Zealand. There

they found the adherents of the Church of England with headquarters at Christchurch contending with the Presbyterians, with headquarters at Dunedin, and the hatred and bitterness of feeling ran so high between the two factions that it was almost prohibitive for a Church of England member to stay unmolested in Dunedin, and vice versa, for a Presbyterian to stand any show of equal rights in Christchurch. The influence

brought to bear upon the Maoris of New Zealand by these contending Christians was such that no confidence had been established.

I consider it unnecessary to refer to similar conditions found by Latterday Saints missionaries, when opening missions on the island of Malta in 1852, in Gibraltar in 1854, in Holland in 1861, in Australia in 1865, in a number of Turkish provinces in 1879 and following years, in Samoa in 1888, in Tonga in 1893, in

Japan in 1901, and in other localities. The missionaries of the

true Church found in all these places internal religious contentions but universal appreciation toward the true gospel of Christ.

Suffice it to say, in conclusion, that after our elders have visited nearly every land and clime in the whole world and have investigated the religious conditions among Christians, Jews, Mohammedans, and Pagans, they have become absolutely convinced that the statements made by the boy prophet Joseph Smith in western New York, early in the spring of 1820, are true. The

boy prophet could not possibly have known the condition of the world as he explained it; but the great Master, the founder

of Christianity, knew, and he told the praying boy the facts which one hundred years of careful investigation and experience have proved to be true.

Joseph Smith An Oration

By Nephi Jensen, President of the Canadian Mission

The Master said, "I came not to bring peace, but a sword."

Carlyle evidently had in mind the same thought when he wrote, "Every fact is a battle."The bigger the "fact,"the greater the

"battle."Truth is the biggest fact in the world. Its clashing

with error is the irresistible conflict of the ages.

Every great leader of men is in a measure a personification of truth. The degree of the truth he lives and teaches is the

measure of the stir he will make in the world. Christ was "the

Truth."His words and works made the shallow, spiritless defenders of old and venerated error rave and gnash their teeth.

When a timid reformer with his insipid sentiment, half error and half truth, comes in contact with the thought and opinions of his time he makes no great disturbance, but when a bold prophet of God, like Joseph Smith, with his bowels full of truth, and the flamebreath of the Almighty upon his lips, announces his deep facts about God, man, and eternity, all the forces of error are lashed into a fury, the wicked frown, the mob raves, and the paid teachers of painted halftruth let loose "the dogs of war"and persecution.

The very roar that went up when the boy Joseph

Smith announced his first vision proclaims the divinity of his mission. For a name that "thunders so loud in the index"must

be attached to something more than human.

What is in the homely name Joseph Smith that the mention of it should make the wicked rave and the righteous rejoice?

Why does it provoke curses from the high priests of error, and call forth praises from humble Saints? Why does it divide humanity into two distinct classes, those who bitterly hate him

and those who ardently love him?

The right answer to these questions is the biggest fact in the history of the nineteenth century. It is not found in the

word "delusion."The dim eyes of deception never saw as

clearly as Joseph Smith did the great fundamentals of religion.

Hallucination never founded a perfect church organization and gave to the world a great philosophy of religion. Mental abberation never banded together tens of thousands of men and

JOSEPH SMITHAN ORATION 555 women of varied tastes, temperaments and intelligences, and sent them forth to sacrifice all for the salvation of the human race.

Nor can this great prophet's message be driven out of the court of the world's thought and opinion by shouting, "Impostor."His mark upon his age is too deep to be erased by the

tongue of slander. "A false man,"says Carlyle, "cannot even

build a house."And yet Joseph Smith laid the foundation of

a Church and erected a superstructure thereon so perfect, in adjustment and practical workings, that it has called forth unstinted praise from even those who hate his name. He bequeathed to this Church a legacy of truth and faith that has

nerved his followers with courage to conquer deserts, and fired them with a selfforgetting devotion that impels them to give all for the salvation of mankind. Did a delusion ever give

thousands of men and women the fortitude to face the slander and slurs of the wicked and the madness of mobs? Did a

"fraud"ever redeem deserts and build sanctuaries of learning in a wilderness? Did a religious falsehood ever put the love of

God and man in the human heart? Did perjured stories of

revelations from God ever send men out to give their time and money freely to bring souls to Christ? Did purehearted women

ever pay the homage of their tears at the shrine of a lie? Did

true men ever give their hearts'blood for a theological fake?

The explanation of the power of Joseph Smith's name is not found in the epithets "delusion"or "impostor."It is found

only in the word "truth."And what a flood of truth he

poured into a shallow world of "cold hearts and hastening feet."

His career commenced in 1820, when he was given a vision of the Father and the Son. That year Herbert Spencer

was born. The names of both these men have been heard

around the world. The one is the synonym of doubt; the other

stands for superfaith. The one was the high priest of evolution;

the other was a prophet of a living belief. They both strove to

find the same thing, the knowledge of God. Herbert Spencer

used the key of reason, and Joseph Smith the key of faith.

Herbert Spencer sought to find God through an endless analysis of the crust of things. Joseph Smith went by prayer right into

the presence of God. Herbert Spencer ended his long life saying, "God is unknowable."Joseph Smith, when only a boy of

fourteen, saw the Maker of all, and heard the Voice that had stilled the storm and stayed the wave.

In the age that Huxley glibly talked about an "absentee

God,"and learned theologians bowed at the shrine of a rhetorical image, Joseph Smith rediscovered the true and the living God. In the teeth of the ageold doctrine of a God "without

body, parts, and passions,"this bold prophet declared that the 556 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Lord of heaven is a tangible personage of tabernacle, in whose exact image and likeness man was made. He boldly brushed

aside the Nicene Council's "congeries of words,"descriptive of the Trinity, and plainly averred what the Bible clearly teaches, that the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost are three distinct personages, but one in mind and purpose. While the

faithless priests of shallow creeds were standing afar off, calling to God in the cold words of learned theological formulas, Joseph

Smith reannounced the warm, pulsating truth contained in the

Lord's prayer, "Our Father which art in heaven."

His first vocal prayer was the first real faith cry that had gone up from this cold, superstitious world since the dense darkness of the middle ages had driven truth from the altar and living belief from the human heart. It marked the beginning of an epoch. It was the beginning of the real modern

spiritual rennaissance.

That prayer was the greatest act of a human soul since paganism killed virile faith and turned the simple religion of

Jesus Christ into an empty show. The boy who prayed that

day in the silent woodland had a heart as deep as truth, and lifted high as heaven. He had the faith that defies fate. Around

him were the sophistical theologians with their hearts full of doubts and their heads full of theological abstractions, wrangling about empty forms and dead ceremonies. All the notions,

customs, creeds, and dogmas of the time, denied the possibility of a real answer from God. But in spite of doctrines, dogmas,

and doubts, he believed in him who said, "If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him."The living

faith of this boy pierced the blue dome through which no word had passed for seventeen centuries, and called to the earth the Majesty of heaven.

When this boy walked out of that sacred grove, that day, he was greater than the most learned theologians and profoundest philosophers. He knew the key to the knowledge of God.

He had a power greater than that possessed by a potentate. He

held in his heart the most powerful thing in the universe, the omnipotent faith that makes the powers of heaven the servants of men.

Before Joseph Smith saw that vision, in answer to a prayer inspired by a specific Bible promise, the Bible had for centuries been a mere fetish. It had been a dead letter, containing

the decrees and promises of God to another age. He put spirit

and life into the dead letter by demonstrating that God would do today the very things he promises in his book. By the magic

touch of this prophet's faith, the Bible became in fact and

JOSEPH SMITHAN ORATION 557

truth the Book of God, a compendium of his veritable promises to all men of all ages and all climes.

At a time when the theologians of all creeds and churches said that the Bible contained all that God intended to reveal to man, Joseph Smith, by divine inspiration, translated the

Book of Mormon from the gold plates which contained the record of God's handdealings with his "other sheep,"the ancestors of the American Indians. Before he knew that John

the revelator had predicted that in "the hour of God's judgment"an angel would "fly in the midst of heaven having the everlasting gospel to preach to them that dwell upon the earth,"Joseph Smith declared that these gold plates had been revealed to him by an angel. In less than a century after he had

given the Book of Mormon to the world, as the gospel brought to the earth by an angel, about half a million people had accepted the message. These zealous followers of Joseph Smith

have translated the Book into fourteen different languages, and they are sending the message it contains to every "nation, kindred, tongue and people."(Rev. 14:6.) Thus was literally fulfilled

a Bible prophecy, the meaning of which had not been discovered by the most profound students of the scriptures.

Pursuant to divine revelation he organized the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, which is an exact duplicate of the one the Messiah established eighteen centuries before.

This Church has in it every officer which the Christ placed in his primitive Church, from the council of the twelve apostles, high priests, seventies, elders, and evangelists down to the minor officers, priests, teachers and deacons. These officers are endowed with the holy Priesthood, which has come down to them

it by actual ordination from through men who had received

Peter, James, and John who came to this earth in the nineteenth century for the express purpose of imparting the Priesthood.

In this Church are present the real gifts of the Holy Ghost:

prophecy, revelation, visions, healings, gifts of tongues, and the interpretation of tongues.

While Egyptian was an absolutely dead language, unknown to even the foremost scholars, Joseph Smith, by the light of inspiration, translated from Egyptian the lost Book of Abraham.

The prophet's explanation of the Egyptian figures in the facsimiles printed in the Book of Abraham have been proved to be correct. In the accomplishment of this work of translation

alone, Joseph Smith affixed the broad seal of divinity upon his work.,.,,

Through divine inspiration he was given the true prophets foresight. Twentyeight years before the outbreak of the American civil war, he predicted that a war would commence with

558 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"the rebellion of South Carolina,"that the "southern states"would "be divided against the northern states,"and that the southern states would "call upon Great Britain"for assistance;

and that this struggle would "terminate in the death and misery of many souls."Every detail of this prophecy became

tragic history in the deathstruggle between the southern and northern states of the American Union. Over a million graves

in the American Union today attest the true prophetic power of this most remarkable man.

In the place of spirituality, he found sentimentality. The

preachers talked eloquently about the Pentecostal, cloven tongues of fire, but never dreamed that people living eighteen hundred years after Peter preached and "pricked the hearts"of sinners, could enjoy the Spirit which testifies, reveals, and prophesies. While the divines were still graphically describing

the great things God had done for his people of old, Joseph

Smith fervently testified of the great things God is now doing for his people of today. He reaffirmed the promises of old and

demonstrated their validity.

He answered the question, "From whence came man?"in

the way in which the poet and philosopher is now beginning to answer it. In the words, "Man is that he might have joy,"he

gave the best and truest explanation of the purpose of man's existence. While the theologians were still saying that man was

merely a son of the sod, he declared man to be actually and in truth the son of God, destined in the "eternal years of God,"to overcome, improve, develop, increase in intelligence, wisdom, goodness, power and glory until he becomes perfect, "even as

God in heaven is perfect."

He exploded the infinitely cruel doctrine of eternal punishment, that arbitrarily consigns to the eternal, unquenchable flames all nonChristians, and gives wings and harps to all, good or bad, who simply speak the words, "I believe on Jesus."He

reaffirmed the declaration of John, that man will be "judged according to his works."

He dispelled gloom from the tomb. He denied the narrow

dogma that man's hope of salvation is interred with his bones;

and taught the beneficent doctrine of salvation for the dead.

He gave to the word heaven a new meaning. He took out

of it the impossible notion of winged angels everlastingly playing on harps, and declared heaven to be a place where the truest human ties are inviolate, and the gentlest memories of this life are mingled with the joys and glories of the life that has no end.

He gave to the world the most salutary, hygienic rules, contained in a divine revelation known as the "Word of WisJOSEPH SMITHAN ORATION 5$$

dom,"which prohibits the use of tea, coffee, tobacco, intoxicating drinks, and the excessive eating of meat. Subsequent

to the proclamation of this revelation, scientific investigations have demonstrated the great value of these wholesome rules of practical living. The observance by the followers of Joseph

Smith of these and other laws given by this prophet has reduced their death rate to 8.3 persons per thousand annually

as compared with the rate of 13.5 persons per thousand in the

United States at large.

His niche in the ages is secure. His mighty fact is already

commencing to thunder louder than the mendacity of his misguided enemies. The story of his triumphant faith is the most

thrilling incident in modern annals. It gives hope, light, and

life. It is the beacon that lights the way across the dark chasm

which ages of ignorance and superstition have placed between man and God. Tens of thousands of truehearted men and

women who have heard this story of allconquering faith have gone in quest of the knowledge of God with a sincerity and fervor so genuine that they have received that witness of God's

Spirit which has made them so certain of God's existence, the divinity of Christ's mission, and the reality of the future life, that the besetting evils of this world have lost all power over them.

What a man he was! He was a seer. With the white light

of God's Spirit he saw the past of nations now covered with the dust of ages. He was a prophet. By the inspiration of the

Holy Ghost he saw tomorrow and tomorrow's morrow. He

was a teacher. He gave to the world, at its most enlightened

period, a sane, sensible, original, and comprehensive religious philosophy which has successfully weathered the opposition of the learned and the persecution of the wicked for nearly a century. He was an organizer. By the aid of divine inspiration

he established a Church so perfect in organization and internal workings that it commands the praise of even those who despise it. He was a leader of men. By the magic power of his

pure character, genuine sincerity, and deathless integrity to truth and God, he gathered about him, as his aids and lieutenants in the work of righteousness, a coterie of men of the highest probity and the greatest native intelligence.

He belongs to the ages. The trumpet call of his mighty

faithfact will yet reverberate through all lands and climes, and turn a doubting world back to God. All who heed the clear,

shrill outringing of this deep, certain note of hope will forever to ferhonor this true prophet of God. As long as men aspire

vent faith, love, truth, and honor God, they will hold in eternal veneration, the name of this great and good man who discovered faith taught the truth, and glorified God.

Joseph Smith: as a Statesman

I.—JOSEPH SMITH, A RELIGIOUS LEADER

This year completes a century since the Prophet Joseph

Smith received his first vision. It would appear that the date

is sufficiently distant for us to obtain a proper perspective of the man, his teachings and his work. In the seven lessons or

studies included in this series, an effort will be made to evaluate the Prophet Joseph Smith as a statesman in the larger sense.

The first lesson will concern itself with Joseph Smith as a religious leader.

Position of a Religious Leader

To be a great religious teacher and leader is undoubtedly the greatest achievement that can be attained by man, and to compare a man's teachings and works with the best religious standards, is the severest test to which they can be put. Often

we envy the rich their possessions, but generally their names and possessions perish with them, and seldom do their lives or their teachings influence the world or the character of men for good. As a proof of this, it is only necessary to point out

that the names of only one or two rich men survive in history, whereas a large number of religious men nave impressed themselves upon human history. The greatest influence exercised in

determining the life and works of nations have been the religious teachings of the prophets and leaders. So that the greatest statesman is the man who bases his teachings and messages

on religious conceptions.

Great Religious Leaders The greatest religious teacher of all times is Jesus Christ, but being the Redeemer as well as a religious leader, it is hardly fair to compare others with him. Yet for nearly two thousand

years, his life has been a living example for mankind, and hundreds of millions of human beings have been influenced to lead better lives by what he taught and did. The teachings of

his Sermon on the Mount are of such a nature that if men and

*This is a series of seven lessons for the weekly joint meetings of the

M. I. A. composed of all members above Junior age, which meetings are

to be held in all the associations, from April 1 to the June conference, 1920.

y JOSEPH SMITH AS A STATESMAN 561

nations lived up to them, wars, bloodshed and famine would immediately disappear from the earth, and men would live together in peace and in consideration of each other's welfare.

Naturally the influence of the Savior of the world was the farthest reaching of any religious teacher. Others, however, not

so great as the Christ, have exercised a tremendous influence upon the lives of men. For example, Moses, prophet, teacher and

lawgiver, has influenced every legislature possibly that has ever convened, since his day. By many, Moses is regarded as the

greatest lawgiver of all times. However, be that as it may,

when he met the Lord on Mount Sinai and received the Ten

Commandments, he handed down to men, the greatest code of laws ever put into force. They were and are the foundation

and cornerstones of all other codes of law enacted by legislatures and parliaments ever since. They have stood the test of

thousands of years without change and are as well suited to the activities of men today as they were when first given. It is impossible to measure the effect of the works and teachings of a

great religious leader like Moses. The Ten Commandments,

like Christ's Sermon on the Mount, we study from the cradle to the grave and they constantly influence our lives for good as well as giving us comfort and light on our way.

Protestant Religious Leaders If we turn from the pages of sacred history to profane history, we find a proof of the great influence of religious men upon the people as witnessed by the rise of churches through teachings of Luther, Calvin, Knox and Wesley. When these

men turned away from the Catholic Church and established

Protestantism, thousands of their countrymen followed them, and their teachings have endured until the present time and their followers number hundreds of thousands.

Mohammed, Buddha and Confucius

For a moment let us turn from the splendid Christian examples and consider the lives of Mohammed, Buddha and

Confucius. These men founded new religions and their followers today include such great nations as China, Japan, India

and many other nations of Asia. Their converts are numbered

by hundreds of millions and their influence upon mankind will undoubtedly endure forever and is immeasurable.

The foregoing are undoubtedly sufficient examples of what can be and has been accomplished by great religious leaders, and how much of their work is permanent for good. In their respective countries these men have not only partaken of the nature of religious leaders, but in the broadest sense they are to

562 IMPROVEMENT ERA

be regarded as constructive statesmen who have had a vision as to what their countries should do and the effect of the religious life and works upon the welfare of the nation, and have attempted in the broadest sense to carry these policies into effect.

Work of Joseph Smith Our question now turns to the work of Joseph Smith. It

is just one hundred years since he received his first vision, and ninety years since the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints was organized by this youth. If he had been any ordinary

boy, controlled by ordinary influences, he would have become disheartened, discouraged, and would have discontinued the work, for from the very beginning he encountered the most strenuous and violent opposition. To the human understanding

it is truly incomprehensible how a boy of fourteen could have stood up against the ridicule and persecution that were heaped upon him and directed against him, and go forward with his mission. Still he persisted, maintaining earnestly and sincerely

that God had called him to the work and that it was his duty in spite of all opposition to carry it forward, even though it resulted in death. The persistency of his purpose and the spirit

of his personality after a while won for him a hearing of a very few. In ten years from 1820 to 1830 he had found only a few

persons who were willing to join with him in the organization of a new church. After the organization, new converts were

made more rapidly and the new organization began to assume greater importance and its leader, the Prophet Joseph, to attract more attention, for it is only too true in religion as well as business and politics, that people notice men who reach the top and succeed in their undertakings.

The Prophet Sends Missionaries

The Prophet, through revelation, sent missionaries to the different parts of the United States and Great Britain to preach the gospel. In many parts they were very successful in making converts who began to gather at first at Kirtland, Ohio.

Persecution drove the leader and many of his followers from here to Independence, Missouri, and finally before the prophet's death, back to Illinois.

Persecution and Many Join Church

During the strenuous organizing and proselyting period, thousands joined the Church, and at the same time many left the organization. As a whole, however, the increase in numbers and strength was very rapid, until, by 1840, the organizaJOSEPH SMITH AS A STATESMAN 563

tion in the minds of its opponents was assuming formidable proportions. Through it all, persecution was continuous and stron*

even breaking out in mobocracy and murder, so that men did not join the Latterday Saints or accept the leadership of

Joseph Smith with an idea of obtaining ease, comfort or affluence, but only through a firm conviction of the divinity of his leadership and mission. During it all and through it all,

he was the acknowledged religious leader, upon whom all the faithful relied and it was due to the fact that he was a divinely inspired prophet, leader and an outstanding and upstanding man whose vision as to the future was great and dependable.

In his own words, "I secured followers because I possessed the principle of love,"a necessary attribute of a great religious leader. At the time of his death, the figures as to the membership of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints are not

available, but perhaps twentyfive to thirty thousand is a very conservative estimate. At all events, it shows a remarkable

growth.

Accomplishment of Joseph Smith

To those who are skeptical, through prejudice or for other reasons, of the statement that Joseph Smith is one of the greatest American religious leaders, if not the greatest, it may be profitable to make a short comparison. The number of converts he made during his life was many times greater than those

made by Jonathan Edwards, Henry Ward Beecher or Bishop

Brooks, not to mention the tens of thousands of converts to the "Mormon"system since his death, for which he is indirectly if not directly responsible. The aforementioned men are regarded

as great religious leaders. They, however, followed along the

beaten paths of established religions, while Joseph Smith, before making many converts, had to found a church and declare its principles. He suffered opposition in practically everything he

undertook to do and accomplished his work in spite of it. In

addition to doing his religious work, he colonized new lands, built cities, and prepared the way for the founding of a great western commonwealth. No other great American religious

leader can show such a record or begin to compare withhim in actual accomplishments.

The Prophet's Christian Conduct.

Irrespective of whether men agree or disagree upon the achievements of the Prophet Joseph Smith, the facts are that he established a good, vigorous Church, which has inereased in strength from its beginning and which is more thrifty and allprosperous now than ever before. He gathered people from

564 IMPROVEMENT ERA

parts of the earth and organized and prepared them for the great westward exodus. His undertakings and accomplishments are

without parallel in American life. Finally he suffered a martyr's death and yet through it all he attempted to treat his enemies with love and Christian kindness, and rather than suffer

bloodshed he preferred that the Saints relinquish all their earthly possessions and move to the western wilderness.

The life of man, however, at the longest is very short, and this was doubly true of the Prophet's life, which was cut short by his being martyred, and a man's personal teachings cannot extend very far except as he writes them down where they can live forever. In this way mainly can a great religious leader

make his influence permanent. It would be impossible to select

from the Doctrine and Covenants and other Church works the numerous splendid sayings and teachings of the Prophet Joseph, it is even sometimes difficult to determine which is the best, and in the short space allotted to this lesson, only a few quotations can be used. They are selected from the Prophet's speeches and from

the revelations contained in the Doctrine and Covenants. Their

value can be appreciated by comparison with the teachings of other religious leaders which it is hoped the reader will make.

Teachings of the Prophet.

"The cause of human liberty is the cause of God."

"All men will be raised from the grave by the power of God, having spirit in their bodies and not blood."

"All children are redeemed by the blood of Jesus Christ."

Asked how he governed the people, the prophet answered, "I teach them correct principles and they govern themselves."

"Seek not for riches but for wisdom, and behold, the mysteries of God shall be unfolded unto you, and then shall you be made rich. Behold he

that hath eternal life is rich."Doc. and Cov. 6:7.

"And if you have not faith, hope and charity, you can do nothing."

Doc. and Cov. 18:19.

"Contend against no church, save it be the church of the devil."

Doc. and Cov. 18:20.

"Let every man esteem his brother as himself, and practice virtue and holiness before me."Doc. and Cov. 38:24.

"Thou shalt not speak evil of thy neighbor nor do him any harm."

Doc. and Cov. 42:27.

"Thou shalt not be idle; for he that is idle shall not eat the bread

nor wear the garments of the laborer."Doc. and Cov. 42:42.

"If thy brother or sister offend thee, thou shalt take him or her between him or her and thee alone; and if he or she confess, thou shalt

be reconciled."Doc. and Cov. 42:88.

The foregoing are some of the principles that the Prophet

Joseph Smith instilled into his followers. He saw with a prophet's vision and a statesman's acumen, that the religious life and

inspiration were the greatest influences in the development of a

JOSEPH SMITH AS A STATESMAN 565

genuine citizenship. He saw that through this influence his

followers would become devoted citizens of the country of which they were a part. The statesmanship of his teachings was illustrated in the recent world war where the devotion of his followers was tested in going forth to battle in full faith in their religion and with unquestioned integrity in the nation. No conscientious objectors, no slackers, whether for men or money, were

found among the "Mormons,"and the statemanship of Joseph

Smith in instilling in his followers a religious respect for the laws and the divinity of the institutions of their country was put to the greatest test and vindicated.

He saw that religion was the great force working for happiness and betterment of humanity, and that it was the only safe foundation for community life, and that governmental stability lay in religious training and in a firm faith in God. Statesmen

the world over realize the truth of this fact today as never before.

Questions. (1) Why is the position of religious leader so important?

(2) In what way have religious leaders influenced the world?

(3) How did the boy Joseph Smith have so much power?

(4) What are your reasons for claiming Joseph Smith a great religious leader?

(5) How did the prophet exhibit the principle of love?

(6) How does religious feeling affect citizenship?

II.—JOSEPH SMITH, A HOME BUILDER

Importance of Home The home is the foundation of the nation and of society.

All great races, nations and peoples in all ages have driven their roots deep into the soil, and agriculture, in the broadest sense, has always been the predominating industry. All great statesmen in every age have used every means possible to establish

their people on the soil and give them ownership of the land.

At the present time, modern nations are very *olicitious about particthe welfare of primary industries, and agriculture m ular. Under the primary industries, we include agriculture,

forestry, fisheries, and mining. Mining in this particular has

special reference to coal and iron. The late world war has

shown the nations not only how their superiority in war, but their verv existence is dependent upon the success of these primary industries, and if they are not well developed within the boundaries of a nation, that nation becomes dependent upon other nations, and is compelled by means of military and navl forces to keep open the avenues of trade, 566 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Importance of Agriculture A moment's reflection brings clearly before the mind the necessity of a national policy that will support agricultural productivity. Human beings must have food, clothing and heat in

order to exist in the temperate zones. Without such supplies,

they will perish in a very short time. Food, clothing and fuel

come from the soil. Grains and vegetables cannot be produced

iu any o)her manner than by seeding and cultivating the earth.

When man has done his work and nature has completed her task, the grains may be ground by the mill and treated by manufacturing processes to make them suitable for food, but the soil must do its work first. Likewise in the case of heat, much

fuel is obtained from the forests of the earth. Of course, coal,

among modern nations, is the great heat and power producer, but it also must be dug out of the earth and, broadly speaking, without it a vast majority of factories would be shut down for want of power and cities thrown into darkness for want of light.

The work of the factory, so to speak, is to carry forward the work of the farm and forest, by taking the raw material produced on the farm and in the forest and transforming these products into commodities suitable for the use of man. Foods,

clothing and fuel, therefore, are the first lines of defense and are essential to the physical welfare of men and women. But they

are not the only essential things.

As man studies nature, he comes more and more to know

God. Apparently, in the world's history, this study of God has

been carried forward in the great deserts and wildernesses and in the country, with more success than in the cities. Many religions like Judaism, Christianity and Mohammedanism, originated in the country. So in the study of human history from

every standpoint, the country holds a predominant place.

Cultural Side of Agriculture Agriculture, however, is not alone valuable because it supplies us with food and clothing, for it has likewise a cultural side. Almost every science known to man is involved in its

processes, and the agriculturist can keep in better touch with the fundamental forces of nature than a man engaged in any other activity. So that many of the great fundamental principles

involved in science have been studied and developed on the farm. Men may live without schools and without books but

they cannot live without an understanding of nature and it9 products, so that most of the nations, including our own, are making strenuous efforts to improve rural life and to encourage rural people to remain on the farm. In order to do

this, large appropriations are made by parliaments and legisJOSEPH SMITH AS A STATESMAN 567

latures for the upbuilding of the industry. The preservation

of the rural communities and of agriculture is a national, social, economic and religious problem.

Avoids Large Cities.

Holding in mind this large view of rural life, it will be interesting to know how the Prophet Joseph Smith viewed it.

Many sects originated in his day and the leaders together with their followers, lost themselves in the large cities of the nation and became unknown. The Prophet Joseph might likewise have led his followers into the large cities where they,

too, would undoubtedly have lost their identity, but he realized the value of the country and the stabilizing influence of land ownership upon the life and character of the individual, and as a consequence his converts were advised to settle upon the land and as far as possible become possessed of homes and farms.

The Church was organized in 1830, and the first place of settlement was Kirtland. Here the Saints began to obtain land

and established themselves upon it. Within a short time, persecution grew so strong that they were compelled to move and

they located at Independence, Missouri. The Lord, by revelation, had designated Missouri as the gathering place and the

New Jerusalem of the Saints. Doctrine and Covenants, Section 45:6466, reads as follows:

64. "Wherefore I, the Lord, have said, gather ye out from the Eastern

lands, assemble ye yourselves together, ye elders o f my Church; go ye forth

into the Western countries, call upon the inhabitants to repent, and inasmuch as they do repent, build up churches unto me.

65. "And with one heart and with one mind, gather up your riches

that ye may purchase an inheritance which shall hereafter be appointed unto you, 66. "And it shall be called the New Jerusalem, a land of peace, a

city of refuge, a place of safety for the Saints of the most high God."

Several months before the expulsion from Kirtland, the

Saints began to gather at Independence and buy land as the

Lord had commanded. Section 101:7071, reads:

"Which saith, or teacheth, to purchase all the lands by money, which can be purchased for money, in the region round about the land which I have appointed to be the land of Zion, for the beginning of the gathering of my Saints.

"All the land which can be purchased in Jackson county, and the counties round about, and leave the residue in mine hand."

Land and Home Owners in Jackson County

They were rapidly building homes when persecution again overtook them. In 1833 and '34 they were expelled from Jackson county, Missouri, so that a little more than two short

568 IMPROVEMENT ERA

years were all that was allowed them to buy and improve their lands, yet at the time of their departure, they owned between two and three hundred thousand dollars'worth of land and about a million dollars worth of property. The Latterday Saints

still hope to return to Jackson county, Missouri, and repossess their lands. When they do, however, it will not be in the manner in which they were dispossessed, but by the orderly processes of purchase for full value, and then legally, and as the

owners desire to sell.

Home Owners in Illinois and Utah

The Saints were finally driven from Misosuri into Illinois.

Upon arrival there they began immediately to acquire lands and cultivate them and to build homes. In this they were

very successful, and when they were driven from Illinois in 1846, Brigham Young in a communication dated October 1, 1845, to General Hardin and others, says, "We have some hundreds of farms and some two thousand or more homes for sale in the county (Hancock),"showing that the Latterday

Saints had been very diligent in building homes during the few years that they had been permitted to live in the state of

Illinois From Illinois the Saints came to Utah. Brigham

Young had succeeded Joseph Smith as the leader, but the same spirit permeated the Church organization. Brigham Young

knew the Prophet's estimate of planting the people on the soil and establishing them in their own homes and he was in full sympathy with it. Just as soon as Salt Lake Valley was

reached and the food supply was provided for, assignments of lots were made and every family as soon as possible made an earnest effort to build a home of its own, even if it was nothing more than a log house or an adobe hut. A small farm

of five or ten acres in extent, in the "Big Field"of eight thousand acres, was awarded to every family and as rapidly as the

Mormon settlers arrived, they were assigned a lot and a piece of farm land. In the spring of 1848, less than a year after

their arrival, upwards of 400 log houses and adobe huts had been built inside the "Old Fort,"over five thousand acres had been brought under cultivation, thus carrying out without delay the spirit of the Prophet Joseph in reference to the ownership and cultivation of the soil.

Days of '49 in Utah The difficulty, however, was not yet over. The days of

'49 were at hand, when thousands of gold seekers, crossing the plains and the mountains to reach the gold fields of California, stopped at Salt Lake to replenish their food supply. Soon the

JOSEPH SMITH AS A STATESMAN 569

spirit of gold digging grew strong among the Saints, and many of them desired to go to California to acquire a fortune, on the Pacific Coast. Again the spirit of the Church from the

very beginning spoke through Brigham Young, and the Saints were strongly advised to remain here and hold on to their lands. Most of them followed the advice, and the development

and settlement of Utah became an assured fact. The wisdom

of this advice was soon demonstrated, for the great majority of the men who went to dig gold in California, lost their health in sluicing gold in the cold mountain waters and found the returns for their efforts very small. The great profits

of the gold digging industry went primarily to the traders and speculators. It must not be understood that the Church leaders

were opposed to mining, but they felt that the time for mining in Utah was not opportune and they wanted to make sure of the success of their great undertaking and establish first a commonwealth and the most important industry, and likewise provide themselves with food against any emergency. Never was

the spirit of the prophet and the judgment of Brigham Young better vindicated than in the advice to the Saints to keep their land. It took a great many years to demonstrate its truth

and to realize the value of Utah farm lands, but the last twenty years have shown that the family that owns its own home and possesses a good farm, has the means of providing itself with a good, substantial living and in addition has something to pay for the education of its children. As a result of

these teachings and this policy, the Latterday Saints as a whole are a community of home building people, and tenancy except as a temporary means, has found little support among them. This policy has given to the settlement of the Saints

a strong economic stability and instilled into the young people the idea of early marriages and the establishment of a home, vindicating in its entirety the statesmanship of the Prophet

Joseph Smith.

Questions (1) How important is the home?

(2) What is the importance of agriculture?

(3) How is agriculture and science related?

(4) How would large cities likely have affected the Church.'

(5) Why was it desirable for the Saints to become land owners."

(6) How did the days of '49 affect the Saints?

SMITH, AN ADVOCATE OF LAW AND UJ—JOSEPH ORDER

Two Classes Ever since Cain slew his brother Abel for a real or imaginary wrong, there have been two division, of the human family, 570 IMPROVEMENT ERA

one contending that the wrongs of human society should be adjusted according to the orderly processes of law, and the other class contending that all wrongs, imaginary or real, should not wait for an orderly process, but should be adjusted by violent action, and that the advocates of this doctrine should constitute the body to determine what is right or wrong. Both classes are to

be found in all countries and in all ages. One makes for order

and progress and the other for destruction. Every advance

step that civilization has made, has been through the efforts of the class that stands for and in favor of orderly procedure.

Of course, there are extraordinary occasions when governments are tyrannical and oppressive that the people are justified in rising up in revolution and changing the system. Such occasions, however, are rare in human history and cannot arise

when the people control the governments and can correct any wrong through the orderly process of the ballot box. The

means of revolution can only be justified under the tyranny of a despotic ruler or government. Every free government like our

own can be changed by its people in an orderly, constitutional and legal way by the voters so that there can be no justification for revolutionary methods. Those who desire a change

need only to convert a majority of the people to their point of view, and the change can be brought about without doing violence to any of the established institutions. This is true

even though the change is unreasonably radical. Yet there

are a considerable number of people all over the world at the present time who are not willing to await the time when they can convert people to their point of view, but they want an immediate change and the adoption of their ideas, even though the advocates constitute only a small minority of the population, and would enforce their ideas upon the majority by violence, even by bloodshed if necesssary. Some of the proposed

changes they desire to make are very far reaching and would abolish the right of individuals to a very great extent, without even waiting to ask them if they are willing, or without going through the process of taking a vote. Personal rights, the

right of free speech, the right of trial by jury and the establishment of representative government, have been a long time in coming into existence and have been acquired only at the cost of much bloodshed and many bittter struggles extending over centuries. The right of private property is likewise an

institution of long growth and the result of ages of experience and numerous experiments. Undoubtedly this right has often

been abused, but on the whole it has been of unqualified benefit in the progress of the race. These radical reformers

would abolish it over night, and even imprison the owners and

JOSEPH SMITH AS A STATESMAN 571

deprive them of their civil rights, because they had been so fortunate as to acquire a small amount of property. Just at

present every government has to contend with the activities of this class. A good example of this class in the United States

is found in the Industrial Workers of the World, commonly called I. W. W.'s.

Latterday Saints Not Law Breakers

The Latterday Saints, have on many occasions been accused, by those unacquainted with the facts, of being law breakers and it has been attributed to the influence of their religion. The truth of the matter is that the Latterday Saints

are unsually strong in favor of law and order, and the best evidence of this statement is the fact that the revolutionary propaganda, now advocated in different parts of the world, finds few or no supporters among the "Mormon"people. This is due

primarily to the fact that the religion believed in and practiced bv them and established by Joseph Smith, teaches obedience to law and order.

Religion Against Lawlessness Article Twelve of the Articles of Faith of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints says: "We believe in being

subject to kings, presidents, rulers and magistrates, and in obeying, honoring, and sustaining the law."A more explicit statement in favor of obedience to government cannot be found.

In fact in the creeds of few churches is found such a definite statement as this.

Church Writings Against Lawlessness

Reinforcing this article of faith, is a revelation given by the Lord to Joseph Smith on Feb. 9, 1831, in which are enumerated several offenses for which the offenders should be

turned over to the laws of the land. Sec. 42:79, 8486. Again,

in another revelation recorded in Section 101, 7680, the Lord says: 76. "And again I say unto you, those who have been scattered by their

enemies, it is my will that they shall continue to importune for redress, and redemption, by the hands of those who are placed as rulers, and are over you,in authority 1 to the laws and constitution of the people which, T 77 "According have suffered to be established, and should be maintained for the rights and protection of all flesh, according to just and holy principles.

79. "Therefore, it is not right that any man should be in bondage one

to another. I established,,.,. the, constitution,... ol* 80 "And for this purpose have

I raised up unto this verythis land, by the hands of wise* men whom purpose, and redeemed the land by the shedding of blood.

572 IMPROVEMENT ERA

In these verses the Lord clearly indicates that the constitution of the United States is an inspired document, and this being true, how could the people claiming to be inspired by the Lord, stand out and violate constitutional laws when they were justly enforced?

In verses 85 to 88 of the same section, the Lord advises the Latterday Saints that they shall importune the judges and governors and the president that justice might be done them, but in no case and in no place does he advocate violence for the attainment of their rights. In a revelation given August, 1831,

the Lords says: "Let no man break the laws of the land, for he

that keepeth the laws of God hath no need to break the laws of the land."Doc. and Gov. 58:21.) This declaration is

sufficiently clear and explicit to leave no doubt in the minds of those who are conversant with conditions to understand what spirit governs the Latterday Saints. But for fear that there

are those who are not familiar with the facts, a review of a few of the events in the early history of the Church and the life of the Prophet Joseph will possibly clear away some misconceptions.

In the second lesson, we called attention to the fact that the Lord, in a revelation, advised the Saints upon entering

Jackson county, to purchase the land that they desired. In no

instance did he suggest that they take it without compensation, but advised that it be acquired in a legal way and for full value received. This should be a sufficient answer to those

who believe that it is perfectly proper to confiscate people's property without compensation.

Driven Out of Jackson County The Saints left Kirtland on account of persecution and went to Jackson county, Missouri, where through diligence and thrift they acquired large tracts of land and considerable other property. Persecution developed against them, and even

though the Saints were much stronger than they were in Kirtland, and undoubtedly if they had resorted to armed resistance might have protected their life and property to a great extent, under the counsel of the Prophet Joseph, they endeavored to follow a more peaceful course. Joseph Smith counseled them

to obey the laws of the state, and even when other settlers in Missouri had decided to drive the "Mormons"out by violence and to confiscate their property, they were very loath to do anything except to apply to the lawful authorities of the county for protection. Any reader of the indignities heaped

upon the Saints at this time, would certainly feel that they had sufficient reason to protect themselves by every means possible

JOSEPH SMITH AS A STATESMAN 573

But a contrary course was pursued and on Sept. 28, 1833, President Joseph Smith, addressed a communication to Governor

Daniel Dunklin of Missouri asking for protection and the enforecement of the laws of the state so that the difficulties existing between the Latterday Saints and the original settlers could be adjusted in the courts. This was certainly a most reasonable

request and one well within the constitution of the state of

Missouri and the constitution of the United States. The

governor, however, referred the petition to the attorney general who was at that time absent from the capital, causing thereby a long delay in a situation which required immediate attention. A reply was not received from the governor until October 26, almost a month after the petition had been presented. The reply suggested that the Saints refer their difficulties to the circuit judge for consideration, and in case the court

failed to act, the governor promised to help. Upon the receipt

of this communication, the courts were appealed to, but the judge even refused to isssue a warrant on complaint. During

all this delay the mob was upon them, murdering, looting and destroying their property. In this situation, to be deprived

of the protection of the law, it is easily understood why the

Saints should undertake to defend themselves by armed force.

Then it was that Lieutenant Governor Boggs organized the mob into a militia under Colonel Thomas Pitcher and the Saints were 'put in a position of resisting the military forces of the state.

This was an unsatisfactory situation for them to be in, and when

Col. Pitcher promsied the Saints full protection, they surrendered their arms. No sooner, however, had they given up

their arms, than the militia fell upon the Saints, murdering several of them and stealing their property. Under these circumstances, they were compelled to leave Jackson county until

such time as they felt their lands and other property would be legally restored to them. From Jackson county they went to

Clay county and to other parts of the state. The same bitter

feeling, however, had spread pretty much over Missouri, and in a short time a committee of the citizens of Clay county, called upon them and demanded that they leave. During all this long

interval the suffering Saints had appealed to the courts and to the governor and even to the president of the United States for redress and the restoration of their property, but their appeals went unheard.

Joseph Smith under these trying circumstances, advised the Saints to be obedient and do whatever they could under the law to obtain their rights. In a revelation given to Joseph

Smith, June 22, 1834, the Saints were advised to seek peace:

"And again I say unto you, sue for peace, not only the s74 IMPROVEMENT ERA

people that have smitten you, but also to all people."(Doc.

and Cov. 105:38.) This certainly is the embodiment of Christian teachings as applied to the practical affairs of life.

Driven Out of Clay County On June 22, 1836, the committee of the citizens of Clay county, governed largely by the prejudices that were shown by the people of the state, requested them to leave the county.

President Joseph Smith was in the east looking after the affairs of the Church when this demand was made. A committee of the citizens called upon a committee appointed by

the "Mormons"to represent them, and in the course of their conversation they said, "We do not contend that we have the least right under the constitution and laws of the country to expel you by force."This was certainly a strange admission for them

to make, and the question naturally arises: then, under

what right did they demand them to leave except by brute force? The committee of the Saints realizing the seriousness

of the situation, entered into an agreement with the citizens promising to leave Clay county and they faithfully kept their agreement though entered into by force.

The Prophet Advises Peace The prophet in the east, hearing of the Saints'suffering, wrote a letter to them advising every possible peaceful solution, and at all hazards to protect the women and children. After

several unsuccessful attempts to settle in other parts of Missouri, the Saints were compelled to move out of the state and into Illinois. In the new state, Nauvoo was made the central

point of settlement, and it looked for a while as if they would enjoy peace, but the mobocratic spirit broke out again and the situation became critical. Upon the organization of Nauvoo into a

city, the state of Illinois had granted a charter in which the city was authorized to establish and maintain companies of soldiers. In accordance with this provision the city council authorized the organization of the Nauvoo Legion, and in 1844 there

were something like 2,000 well trained soldiers in the organization. In a meeting just before the death of the prophet,

they pledged themselves, to protect him and the Saints, but upon the request of Governor Ford and upon the advice of Joseph

Smith, June 24, 1844, the legion was dissolved and disarmed.

The prophet could now see that the situation was critical in

Nauvoo and in the hopes that further trouble might be avoided until such time as the Saints could move westward, he, Hyrum

Smith, John Taylor, Willard Richards and a few other friend?,

crossed the Mississippi into Iowa. His plan was to proceed to

JOSEPH SMITH AS A STATESMAN 575

the Rocky Mountains and there prepare for the Saints. He

thought that his absence from Nauvoo would relieve the situation and prevent further persecution. Upon the call of his

people,'however, he returned and surrendered to the officers of the law. Various charges were made against him, and the governor of Illinois, promised him protection and a fair trial,

neither of which he received. The story of his imprisonment

in Carthage is so well known that it is unnecessary to recite it here. It must be borne in mind that Joseph Smith, as he

had done repeatedly before, surrendered, to submit his case to the courts of the state of Illinois. He was putting in practice,

at extreme peril, what he had taught his people, and while doing so was murdered. His example of fortitude and loyalty

to the institutions of his country made a deep impression upon the Latterday Saints and remains with them today. He, therefore, could not be accused of being a violator of the law, but

was the victim of the violators of the law.

During the life of Joseph Smith he was arrested and tried, some fifty times, but each time he was acquitted. Surely

if he had been a law breaker the courts, often controlled by his enemies, would have been able to find him guilty of some offense at one time or another, but in each instance they failed and he was acquitted. It is easy to commend the forces of law

and order when they work for our protection and benefit.

It, however, takes a great statesman to stand for law and order even when administered by our enemies and to our detriment.

It is a recognition of the great fundamental idea that individual welfare must be sacrificed for the benefit of the community and the general principles of law, lest we all perish by mobocracy.

It takes a great man and a great statesman to get this view as did the Prophet Joseph. For such was the large view held and

taught by Joseph Smith and put into practice during his life and at the expense of his life.

Questions (1) What two classses of citizens are found under all governments?

(2) What are the teachings of the religion of the Latterday Saints in respect to law and order?

(3) How did Joseph Smith by his conduct show that he wanted to act in a legal way? m

(4) How were the Saints required to secure their lands i (5) Why did the Saints leave Jackson and Clay counties?

(6) In the face of persecution what was the prophet's advice?

(7) On what grounds did Joseph surrender to the state authorities of Illinois?

(To be continued in May Era. See next page)

Notice to M. I. A. Joint Classes. These lessons will be continued in the Era,

until the series of seven are printed. Following are the titles of the remaining

four: 4. Joseph Smith, a Candidate—His Platform. 5. Joseph Smith, a Nationalist.

6. Joseph Smith, a Practical Sociologist. 7. Joseph Smith, a Patriot.

Elder A. Earl Worlton, writing from Albany, New York, recently, says: "All

who read the Era in this section of the country think it a most excellent magazine for the furtherance of truth."

Frank O. Jones, Secretary of the Netherlands mission, writing from Rotterdam,

Holland, November 25, says: "We appreciate the Era very highly. It is full of

snappy articles, easily understood, not monotonous and longdrawn, interesting and extremely beneficial to all who read them, old and young alike. Afte reading the

Era, we distribute the magazine among those of our Dutch friends who understand the English language. They are quite as anxious as the elders are to get them. We

wish the Era success.

Improvement Era, April, 1920 Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Address, Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J. Grant, Edward H. Anderson, Business Mgr.

Edward H. Anderson, tdltors Moroni Snow, Assistant

The Sacred Grove in Summer Frontispiece

The Divine Answer. A Poem Edward H. Anderson 467

The Messenger of Morn. A Poem Orson F. Whitney 469

"A Marvelous Work and a Wonder"Prest. Heber J. Grant 472

Joseph Smith's First Vision and Scripture Promises. Illustrated Prest. Anthon H. Lund 475

The Edict of a Century Prest. Cliarles W. Penrose 484

Account of Joseph's First Vision J. M. Sjodahl 488

Joseph the Prophet Judge Charles H. Hart 491

Origin of the First Vision Elder Joseph Fielding Smith 496

Former Home of Joseph Smith, in Kirtland, Ohio, 504

Joseph Smith Monument, Sharon, Vermont 505

The Effect of Revelation on Man's Creed Elder David O. McKay 506

A Theophany Resplendent Dr. James E. Talmage 514

The Joseph Smith Home, Near Palmyra, N. Y 516

The Church Will Prevail Osborne J. P. Widtsoe 517

Portrait of Joseph Smith, the Prophet 526

Joseph Smith the Modern American Prophet B. H. Roberts 526

The Vision. A Cantata Evan Stephens 532

Influences of the Gospel for Good Through the

Doctrine of the Gathering Elder Richard R. Lyman 539

The Vision Beautiful Susa Young Gates 542

Some Effects of the Gospel on Human Lives Dr. John A. Widtsoe 544

The Church in the Mission Field Andrew Jenson 549

Joseph Smith. An Oration Nenhi Jenson 554

Joserh Cmith as r. Statesman. I-III 560

1"""""""""""mimtiHnmim.iiHH.i.,.,..,,.,,,,.,,m...,.,i,,,,,,, lmmml lllIIIllllll|m,

America's Most Distinguished Material

For Memorials

"Used in such famous memorials as the Joseph Smith at

Sharon, Vermont; the Hyrum Smith at Salt Lake City; the

Philip D. Armour at Chicago; the "Uncle Joe"Cannon

Family memorial at Danville, 111.; the U. S. Senator Gordon at Los Angeles, Cal.; and thousands of others.

"See your dealer for further information, or write for free booklet, "The Rock of Ages."

Boutwell, Milne & Varnum Company,

Dept. 0., Montpelier, Vermont

"QUARRIES AT BARRE, VT.,

THE GRANITE CENTER OF THE WORLD"

uiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiiiiniii iiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iiimimiiiiiiiimiiiiimiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiimiii I iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiHiiff

;in 'mi iMinri n hiiii u i ii 1 1 1 iiiim i in u 1 1 ri mi 1 1 mi M 1 1 1 in 1 1 t<m i it 1 1 1 1 ir [ 1 1 1 in m i in 1 1 1 1 m i i r 1 1 1 1 r 1 1 < 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 < 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 r 1 1 1 1 r i m i i j 1 1 1 1 1 u 1 1 1 1 n

Fruit Trees Are Ready Now For your selection we have just the most desirable varieties of Apple,

Apricot, Cherry, Pears, Plums, Prunes ami small fruits of all types. All

stock in prime condition, fresh and vigorous. Let us prove that our Moun-

| tain Grown Trees and Shrubs are hardier.

Seed and Nursery Catalog Free. Write for it today.

PORTERWALTON CO.

I SEED AND NURSERY SPECIALISTS SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

niiillllliiiilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllliililliiiiMiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMMiiiiiiii minimi iimiiiiiiiiliiiiiiiiMIIIMIIimilliillllilllliilimiiiiimiirt

wiujiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii in iiiiini iiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin iiimiimmmiiimiiiiiiiimiiiiiimiiimiiiiiimimiiuir.

AFTER THE FIRE EVERYBODY ASKS It Insured? Was

Can you answer YES? in the

HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO.

General Agents 22 Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

iiiiiiBWiiHiiiiiiimnmiuiwmuiiiiiiiiniiiiiinniMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinH

MPANY

6 Main St. 44E.SoTemple

Successors to DeseretNews BooK Store S.S.UnionBooKStore

What One Thing Can You Do Better Than all of Your Associates? $J5Q

Postpaid

The answer to this question is one of the scores which will help you in selecting your life's calling.

If you can be a better lawyer or a better farmer than anything else, BE IT. But don't be a "round peg in a

square hole."

"The Man of Tomorrow,"a new book on vocational guidance, will help you to choose wisely.

DESERET

6 Main St. 44ESa.lempU

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT BRA

DELIVERED EVERYWHERE

Ice Cream

Special Attention Given to Parcel Post Candy Orders 55 S. Main, 260 S. State, 160 S. Main, Candy DepU at Walker's

ANY of our American boys at the front wore

Overalls made in SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip

Overall factory. The Government took our

entire output for several months. We now

have one hundred fifty Utah boys and girls manufacturing

SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip Overalls SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip Mechanic Suits

SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip Khaki Pants and Coats

SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip Riding Pants

SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip Allovers for Children

SCOWCROFT'S MadeRite Work Shirts.

When you are buying any of the above items, ask for

Scowcroft's Neverrips. Take no others. Solid comfort

in every pair. No scimping. "Ask the man who has

worn a pair."

JOHN SCOWCROFT & SONS CO.

Manufacturers OGDEN. UTAH

ASSETS MORELIFE INSURANCE and PROTECTS YOUR FAMILY IF YOU DIE THAN TWO

PROTECTS YOU IF YOU LIVE ONEHALF

Ask about our plan which helps you to accumulate MILLION an estate at the same time you are protecting your family. DOLLARS

We want good agents in every town

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Heber J. Grant, Pre. Vermont Bjdg Salt Lake Lorenao N. Stohl, V.-Pree. & Mfr.

**f WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT RRA