eimprovement

Return Postage Guaranteed—Salt Lake City, Utah

WHITE SlOTHES

Model 75 Electric—Price $145.00

Model 75 Gas Engine—Price..$180.00

c LOTHES not washed entirely clean, or thoroughly rinsed, eventually become HAAG grayish. The Haag

TWINTEX was designNOW OFFERS ed for the particular A housewife wants who whiter, cleaner clothes, with even less effort, and in less time. Its twin BETTER

tubs do two fullsized washings at once, if you wish. Or, use one tub WASHER

with lukewarm boiling dirt suds to loosen with so the the tub second hot suds jiffy. also in a the job may complete second tub The be AT may

used for power rinsing. Both tubs are equipped with the Haag patented TfcTTDTTPPD

agitator. One tub may be operated while the other is idle, if desired.

See this latest and greatest Haag washer today—at your dealer's..PxvICcj

HAAG TW1NTEX MODEL 85 Electric—Price 159.50

HAAG TWINTEX MODEL 85 Gas Engine—Price $195.00

THE NEW MODEL 77 JUST ANNOUNCED IS NOW AVAILABLE

Electric ModeJ—Price $85.00. Gas Engine Model—Price $117.00 Model 55 Electric—Price $109.00

Model 55 Gas Engine—Price..$150.00

DEALERS

Co., Merc. Heber Heber, Co., Utah Paul Idaho Blackfoot, Produce States Imp. Idaho Mountain Storage Co., Paul, &

Albert Co., Johnson Lbr. Ririe Ephraim, Shelley, Co., Utah Idaho States Imp. Mountain Hdwe. Ririe, Co., Imp. Idaho &

Merrell Co., Lbr. Falls, Ida. Ida. States Co., Hdw. Brigham Imp. Shoshone Ida. U. Mountain Co., Shoshone, & Hdw. &

J. Co., Lbr. Fairview, M. Peterson Falls, Ida. City,Utah States Imp. Co., Swanson Mountain Twin Burley, Idaho &Furn.Musser,

Co., Schonian Duchesne, Furn. Terry Electric Idaho States Co., Buhl, Utah Imp. Co., Mountain Idaho Nampa,

Grass Valley Merc. Co., Koosharem, Utah Mountain States Imp. Co.. Rupert, Idaho Thiel & Olsen Bros., Montpelier, Idaho

Thatcher Music Co., Logan, Utah Havemann Hdw. Co., Salmon, Idaho Thompson Furniture Co., Gooding, Idaho

Mountain States Imp. Co., Ogden, Utah Jones & Toponce, Malad, Idaho Jackson Merc. Co., Jackson, Wyoming

Mountain States Imp. Co., Murray, Utah Morgan's, Inc., Downey, Idaho J. Lewis Pulsipher, Mesquite, Nevada

Moutain States Imp. Co., Preston, Idaho Murtaugh Hdwe. Co., Murtaugh, Idaho The Log Store, West Yellowstone, Montana

OPPORTUNITY FOR ADDITIONAL DEALERS IN OPEN TERRITORY

MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT GO.

85 Twintex Electric.

$159.50 Features of the Haag OGDEN, UTAH No.Price

Price..$145.00 Elec. 75 No. DPressed or Poraluminum Price..$135.00 Elec. 65 No.celain Enamel Elec. Price..$I09.00 55 No.in finish, clean easy totub—smoothkeep Price..$ Elec. 85.00 77 No. bright.and Gas. 85 No. Twintex

driveDirect to motor from $195.00 Price

agitator. Price....$180.00 75 Gas. No. 3

Greasepacked gear case. No. 65 Gas. Price....$165.00

Price....$150.00 55 Gas. No.Patented safety agitator.

Price....$117.00 77 Gas. No.Silent, smooth, efficient oper* in Interested Checkation. to Moun-—Cut WasherOff—Mail

Balloon Type Wringer, tain States Co, Implement VORTEX

Ogden, Utah c The$mprovemervt

Melvin J. Ballard Clarissa A. BeesleyllpDRECAST Business Manager Associate Business Manager

nHE third number of the series O. B. Peterson, Ass't. Business Manager

"Greatness in Men"by BryGeorge Q. Morris

ant S. Hinckley w*i*l deal with the Rachel Grant Taylor

life of a man greatly beloved by Chairmen Era and Publicity all Latterday Saints and, indeed, by all who know him—President

Ivins.Anthony President Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement W.

Ivins'almost forescore years have Associations and the Department of Education been packed full of stirring events Copyright, 1930, by the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association and this article will be interesting Corporation of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints to young and old.

BRILLIANT writer, Dr. F. EditorialsA F. Sedgwick Martyn, new to The Parable of the Owl Express Dr. James E. Talmage 699

Era readers, will have a place in the A Day of Commotion and Fear Hugh J. Cannon 700

November issue. His article, "CitGrow or Die Hugh J. Cannon 700

izenship and the Law,"is not only Greatness in Men—President Heber J. Grant +.-Bryant S. Hinckley 701

entertaining but will awaken an inThe Perfect Marriage Covenant Joseph Fielding Smith 704 creased love of our country and its It Pays to Live Rights G. Off Romney 707

institutions. Man or Machine Made Paid J. Weaver 709

The New Education in Austria Bertha S. Stevenson 712

Facing Life—IX Dr. Adam S. Bennion 714

/""\NE of the most colorful charGrasshoppers for Thanksgiving Wesfon N. Nordgren 716

acters in the world today is Troubles (FirstPrize, Story) Mrs. Olive M. Nicholes 718

Adolph Hitler, wouldbe dictator A Daughter of Martha (A Serial Story) Chapter Three of Germany. A "Mormon"misIvy Williams Stone 720

sionary met this man recently and The Unfinished Song (A Story) Ruth M. Marshall 723

gives an excellent closeup description of him for the Era. Glancing Through Elsie T. Brandley 727

Beauty in the Home—Good Taste Lutie H. Fryer 729

OACH G. OTT ROMNEY, ThePoetryRight Thing at All Times Adah R. Naylor 732735

of the B. Y. U. at Provo, unTo A Son Gfynt Redfocd

der the title "A Habit Worth Boyhood Memories Maurice Cole

Acquiring,"gives suggestions Halloween Leone E. McCune

which, if followed, will prolong I Wonder Elsie C. Carroll

life and add materially to the joy Fidelity Florence D. Cummings

of living. October Leaves - Beatrice Ekman

Summer Heart Blanche K. McKey

you sure of yourself in comPriesthood Quorums 735AREpany? The new series by Mrs. Mutual Messages 73 7

Adah R. Naylor, "The right thing Executive Department 737

at all times,"will set you right if Adult Department 73 8 you are not familiar with the rules Era and Publicity Department 73 9 of etiquette and will refresh the ofmemory those who are reasonmatter. secondclass City, Office, Utah, as Salt at Lake Entered the Post posted. wellably in section for 1103, provided special at rate of postage mailing for Acceptance

Act of October, 19 17, authorized July Z, 1918.

HPHE ladies particularly, but sideredManuscriptsfree contributions.submitted withoutPhotographs,the statement,unless "Attheir usualreturnrates,"is especiallyare conmany men as well, will be derequested, will be destroyed.

lighted with the articles on "BeauPublished monthly at Salt Lake City by the M. I. A. General Boards;

ty in the Home,"by Mrs. Lutie $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

Fryer, professor of home economics at the U. of U.

Message from President Heber J. Grant

The Editorin-Chief of The Improvement Era

{From an address given in the see that this missionary, the Immade the remark that I would not

Executives'Session of June Conprovement Era, gets into his home. exchange the information that I

ference, 1931.) had gained in the single number,

TALKING ab,out interest in the not volume, for one hundred dol-

I WISH all the delegates had Gospel and love of the Gospel lars, and I have meant just what heard what Brother Ballard and a desire to spread the Gospel at said. Men spend years of their

us the give they studying, time and I enmorning. said this has failing then abroad and and home I studied. have they benefit of what with his words to dorse all my heart. a to dollars of couple spend

To me it is a reproach, a real bring into our homes this wonderTake two articles by the young genuine reproach on every Latterful missionary is something I canProfessor Ball, with regard to the day Saint home that does not have not comprehend. I say it, and I evidences of the Book of Mormon,

the Era. I do not hesitate to say do not say it just offhand, but I in the last two numbers of the

that. The Latterday Saints in mean it, that I have never yet had Era. Why, to a Latterday Saint

one particular fulfill their obligaone single solitary co"of the Imwho has an absolute, abiding testitions to the Lord almost beyond provement Era from the day that mony in his heart of the divine what we could expect. I am sure it was originally established, that record of the Book of Mormon,

that two thousand missionaries re- I would sell the benefit that came they would not take anything for quire between forty and fifty dolto me for two dollars, or ten times articles of that kind, which are lars each month to support them in two dollars, and there has been written by men who have spent the mission field. That means a more than one year that I have vears of study and research, and we

little rising of a million dollars a get it simply by reading.

year that we are expending for misfeel think will who there be many work.sionary Now I do not just to say this much T WANT

in the the Era exaggerating afford cannot least NOWtheythat I am never that in conclusion, I have

Naturally depression. this of time very the that I say particle when the fifty years the during from pracyet economy some be there must the in havefinest missionary we I the president that time was made begin not should surely ticed, but we

is the Improvement todayChurch necessities; stake preached anyof the Tooele the practicing on economy

Era, and I am sorry to say that in let us practice economy on the luxurthing to the Latterday Saints in it is called are a luxury; ies. not upon Era The homes menmany the stake, public or to is a the Tooele

asset valuable necessity. most The the father the andmissions where general since the of one I became girls. its is boys and has the Church sacrifices wonderful makemother I authorities, that not do would children as times four many Since this fit to have seen never havebut parents Saint myself. the of the to Latterday manager I was born were

magazine in their home. They will last year as our baptisms in the world, Improvement Era for years and

will dolit fifty is depend that growth clear our forty and betweenspend years never got a dollar, and and girls. those boys and holding upon or yearslars a for two two month I dollars gave a over hundred them faith, their economize on cannot We a a half to support young manand its first years a year of for the few virtue, their integrity, their on on

field, they yetin the mission and to a are If in organization standards. people their order to send on

have not stopped to reflect that economize, and they should, they can magazine free to the missionaries, the for picture once just save have show they dollars a mightwith two single year over one I signed price of and raise they the family, and the that for educatingbeen boy tab thousand is price It save the to the easy Era. letters—kept is It is holdperform. to helabor to increase the subon economizing on the through Era of eightit—trying in nickels pennies but noting up I luxuries. I plead scriptions, the of So absobeen and some have

eyes, figuratively offront our sisters, brethren with and you, my lutely disgusted with men who spirit, in fine that missionary to us give the take tospeaking, Era not say, afford "Oh, dol- I cannot two rightfor this truth for that voice and to save order in twoour homes lars."persame would The man Latin every heard eousness be may it. Idollars. comprehend cannot spend times dollars haps glad ten the Saint terday bringing home, two

I never have been able to undermessages that shall inspire young men for tea, coffee, tobacco, or liquor.

appreciation lack of utter thestand directly receiving and women, young all bless each of the Lord and May of the the such head Church from the Woman's Youngof what your efforts, love have and you my fit to sees advice as he and to be becounsel used the EraJournal and in for loyalty the and blessing give, benefit for your the receiving of together, andfore they put were interests, other quorums, Priesthood are doing, you that what and you I is betoday. the magazinewhat schools, that counmusic, and Church blessed be of abundantly our may the in bishop thatlieve every direction helpwhich sel and is most

Church and every president of a ful. Elder Melvin J. Ballard, at June heavenly Father is my humble

stake and every high councilor is Conference. prayer, and I ask it in the name of

under obligation as a missionary to Jesus. Amen.

E ID II IL A Hugh J. Cannon Elsie Talmage Brandley Editor Managing Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

The Parable of the Owl Express

A Recollection of Student Days

By CryjRING my college days, DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE stop, while his assistant was atMr* now nearing half a century tending to the water replenishago, I was one of a class of stuof the Council of the Twelve ment, bustled about the engine,

dents appointed as to fieldwork oiling parts, some adjusting oth- a part of our prescribed courses in ers, and generally overhauling the geology—the science that deals Editor's Note: Reproduced in slightly panting locomotive. I ventured

all with the earth in its varied of revised form the from Era of to July, 1914. speak to him, busy though he aspects phases, and but parmore I was. asked felt he how such on

[its ticularly with component a weird, furiand night—wild, rocks, the structural features they wu;>ous, 'whenwueii orof theme powerspowers destrucaestruc- 11 present,,,the changes, they have, are 'undergone tion and seemed to be let loose, abroad and uncontrolled

undergoing—the science of worlds. when the storm was howling and when danger threat-

A certain assignment had kept us in the field many ened from every side. I thought of the possibility

days. traversed, examined, had miles charted the and We probability even—of snowdrifts or slides the on of lowlands valleys hills, uplands, and track; and mounof bridges and high trestles which have may tain heights defiles. and canyon allotted the time been As loosened the by storm; of rockmasses dislodged to the its close, near drew work overtaken were we the from these other and possible mountainside—of a violent by followed windstorm a obstacles. heavy by snow I realized that in the event of accident

unseasonable and unexpected, but which, nevertheless, through obstruction on or disruption of the track increased in intensity that so in were danger of we the engineer and the fireman be would the ones most being hills. in the snowbound reached storm exposed The danger; ad 'j- violentviuienj collisioncollision ail6u wouldwould mostmost r*?* j—u* itsv height1, whileu-i a descendingj were steep likely we 1long and cost their lives. tolu/them All of these thoughts and mountainside, several little miles the railway from others I expressed in hasty questioning of the bustlins

at station which to take train hoped had night that we impatient, engineer.

for effort home. great reached station With the we His answer a lesson was yet not forgotten. In effect late at night while the yet raging. storm was said, though We he in jerky and disjointed sentenceswere suffering intense the from cold to incident biting at the Look engine headlight. Doesn't that light driving wind and to to snow; and discomour add the up track a for hundred yards or more? Well, ah fiture learned that the we expected train I try been had is to do to cover that hundred yards of lighted stopped snowdrifts a miles little the by few track. from I see, That can and for that distance I know station at waited. which we the is roadbed open safe. and And,"he added station office; isolated an was The but telegraph with what, through the swirl the and dim lampthe house comprised one a small but mile room, lighted away darkness of the roaring night, I saw a was village. the nearestfrom reason for the mainThe humorous smile lips his on a and merry twinkle of histenance office a of telegraph this at point found eye, was "believe I me, have never been able to drive thisin nature dangerous of the in the vicinity -------, old '- wiof enginew1&iiit..,the blessDiess, road—to encenough

i i * her—fastner—last & -. VitvnA-nAjnine—Godiiiic—uuu the,and TJ convenient establishment a of watertank to nnfstrinoutstrip thatthat hundred,yards of r lightedi* tracksupply engines. the train for exso which light The we of the is engine always ahead of me'"pectantly hopefully and the waited Express was Owl he As climbed to his place in the I cab hastened to fast train night cities. large Its running between board first—a the passenger coach; I and, as sank into thetime schedule permitted at stops but these few and cushioned seat, in blissful enjoyment of the warmththe stations; it important as but, most knew, and we had general comfort, offering strong contrast to the

at thisto stop outof-theway to post replenish the wildness of the night without, I thought deeolv of hwater of supply the locomotive. words of the grimy, oilsmirched engineer Thev after the arrived, midnight Long terrific in a tram full were of faith—the faith that accomplishes great

Iwhirl of lingered and snow. wind behind things, comthe faith my that gives courage and determination

as theypamons, hurriedly I clambered aboard, for the faith that leads to works. if the What engineer

engineer,was attracted by the brief who, during the failed, had had yielded to fright and fear refused had 700 The Improvement Era for October, 1931 to go on because of the threatening dangers? Who "He that seeketh me early shall find me, and shall

knows what work might have been hindered, what not be forsaken. * * *

great plans might have been nullified, what high com- "Abide ye in the liberty wherewith ye are made missions of mercy and relief might have been thwartfree: entangle not yourselves in sin, but let your hands

ed, had the engineer weakened and quailed? be clean, until the Lord comes."D. & C. 88:86.

For a little distance the stormswept track was lighted up; for that short space the engineer drove on!

We may not know what lies ahead of us in the years nor even in the days or hours immediately beor Dieyond. But for a few yards, or possibly only a few Grow

is clear, course is plain, trackfeet, the our our duty great. are born few men 1 COMPARATIVELY step, the for distance, next that shortillumined. For

it blessing, inis a for encourages perhaps That is JT inspiration heaven,lighted of on! the go by effort. achieve those dividual of number who The

greatness is not overwhelmingly large. That perhaps is a tragedy. It is invariably so where men

regreatness potentialities the of within them ComhavingA Day of things be doing satisfied with main mediocre. To

passably well instead of putting out an outstandmotion and Fear ingly good job seems to be the habit of the average of the mankind. of business member man, PROMINENT /J Someone has suggested that a part of the torment ward, thriving-*3 of a bishop and one time Church

was discussing recently with a friend, likewise a of the future life will consist in our seeing the glorified

Latterday Saint, the existing chaotic business conperson we might have become through constant upditions. He asked this pertinent question, "Do you ward striving, by the side of the person we really

really think we are approaching the end?"Then he are. Such a picture would burn like vitriol into the

hastened to reassure himself: "Of course we have consciousness of one who through indolence saw himhad conditions similar to these many times in the past, self a pigmy, dwarfed in intellect and body, when he

and I suppose this unusual situation has no special had within him, even in embryo, the physical and significance. Doubtless it will pass by as all the others mental elements of a giant.

have done."When growth ceases dissolution automatically beHis friend replied: "Perhaps so, but I am imgins.

pressed with the literal fulfilment of one part of the One of the men receiving frequent headline notice graphic prediction found in section 88 of the Doctrine in the newspapers today is Walter S. Gifford, selected

and Covenants, concerning the coming of Christ and by President Hoover as national director of relief. Mr.

the end of the present order of things. We are told Gifford, still a comparatively young man, is president

that 'all things shall be in commotion; and surely of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company

men's hearts shall fail them; for fear shall come upon and is the head of one of the largest industrial armies

all people.'in the world—running into the hundreds of thouNone will deny the existence of commotion and sands. He worked himself up from the ranks. The

fear at the present time. Indeed that is the main cause secret of his success, as he analyzes his own situation,

of trouble. But certainly the profound agitation lies in the fact that he never thought of a higher powhich is spreading over the earth and disturbing the sition, but confined his untiring efforts to the job in

serenity of nations, with the number of unemployed hand, determined to do it better than any man had running into appalling figures, with the spectre of ever done it before. So excellent was his work as a

starvation standing in the shadow of bursting granabookkeeper that he was made auditor. As auditor

ries, with unrest and threatened revolution on every he became so familiar with every detail of the work hand, is a fulfilment of prophecy. and was able to present such illuminating statistics

that an executive position was offered him. Thus step

This same revelation, given nearly a century ago, by step he climbed to the top, and at the age of fortycontinues: "And angels shall fly through the midst six he is looked upon as one of the ablest executives

of heaven, crying with a loud voice, sounding the in the nation. His meteoric rise has not been unlike

trump of God, saying: Prepare ye, prepare ye, O inthat of our chief executive, Herbert Hoover. Both

habitants of the earth; for the judgment of our God were spurred on by an inward urge to make the most

is come. Behold, and lo, the Bridegroom cometh; of their lives.

go ye out to meet him.".

repeated profit be each prayer might with which A reads: section this of 81 Verse

is, deliver curse the mediocrity. of "Lord, day me from

a to testify out I send you "Behold growing."Keep me

it bepeople, the and j) * and warn ot t cometh every man who hath been Of course a large number of people are just natWarning warned to warn his neighbor."urally mediocre—many even below that standard.

Ancient and modern prophets alThat may not be a fault; rather it is a misfortune.

most without number have referred to the "great and Occasionally fond parents try vainly to give a thoudreadful"day of the Lord. That occasion, however, sanddollar education to a fiftydollar mind. But it

will be "dreadful"only to the unrighteous. The is real tragedy when any person, either of high or low

prophecies impart confidence and hope to those who degree, is satisfied with anything less than his very earnestly strive to heed the warning: best.—H. J. C.

Greatness in

resident Heber GrantBy "Real glory springs from the BRYANT S. HINCKLEY silent conquest of ourselves."

—Thompson. President of Liberty Stake

PRESIDENT HEBER J.

GRANT meets the human standards of leadership, and measures up to the divine office which he holds and honors. Seventy-five years ago this November

he was born in a comfortable home on Main Street, when Salt Lake

City was in its infancy, and for sixty years he has been a distinguished figure in this community.

Had he been born in any other free land he would have risen to eminence because he has the inherent qualities that win confidence and secure recognition. His achievements are not accidental; they are

not due to anything magical. No The Red Stocking Baseball Team

fortunate combination of circumSforre Champions wore than half a century ago.

stances have made Heber J. Grant; Alexander Watson, Richard P. Morris, David C. Dunbar, Gronway Parry,

he has paid in honest coin the price Heber J. Grant, Oliver Bess, Joseph Barlow, Allie Barker, Wm. George.

of his success. His career is built here, accent some of the qualities

upon a sound foundation. He dePRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT was mentioned, and add others. Such

serves all that he has. born in Salt Lake City. Nov. 22, virtues as loyalty, industry, and

On the occasion of his seventieth 1856.On June 10, 1875, when the first friendship could well be added and

anniversary his immediate col- Y. M. M. I. A. was organized he was the words, generous, charitable, diselected as one of the counselors. rect, frank, truthful, persevering,

leagues deeach wrote a sentiment president became He of the Tooele practical, and energetic should be stake in October, 1880.scriptive President, of the and this

heavily underscored. these All of ordained Apostle, an Was October is a collection: of that composite 16, 1882. qualities are in a deep embedded

first led the full of faith misHe of full of company in God, man "A spirituality direcgiven has which sionaries this of into Church Japan, forlove his fellow sympathetic, men, generous and charitable, direct, frank and leaving Salt Lake July 24, 1901. tion and effectiveness to the dyto January, From 1904 December, persetruthful, sagacious, courageous, and namic energy which is so characpresided 1906, he over the Europeanvering, energetic, practical punctual, and mission, in of the man. the discharge his teristic and of

all,a organizer, splendid a real above and duties traveled extensively in Britthe man."ish Isles and also in most of the conDenied many of the advantages

tinental countries. of schooling himself, he has all

'"PHIS is a tribute from men who NovemberPresident19,Joseph1918,F.andSmithon diedNovemon his life been a most generous paknow him best, who have ber 23rd, Heber J. Grant was chosen tron of education. His soul rethe by Council of the to Twelvelived labored longand with him besponds to the beautiful, loves he president come the of Church of Jesusest. analysis his charof A fair music, fosters Christ of Latterday his art, gives of Saints.

acter would confirm what is said bounty to the needy, is charitable.

702 The Improvement Era for October, 1931

to the poor, generous to his friends, world if one only believes and on the threshold of a financial loving and affectionate to his famgoes steadfastly forward. That is career that promised to eclipse any

ily. the foundation on which great of his associates old or young.

men operate. That which the world holds as

I-JIS father, Jedediah M. Grant, Some philosopher said: "The its greatest prize seemed within

first mayor of Salt Lake City, young man who receives a windhis easy grasp. There was a dash

and counselor fall spends the remainder of his and confidence and brilliancy about in the First days watching the wind."Watchhis adventures that challenged the

Presidency of ing the wind was not his occupaadmiration of men of great finanthe Church, tion. At an early age he was cial power in the world. It is

himself an im- "dreaming dreams and seeing vionly fair to assume that if he had passioned sions"of what he would do in continued to devote his time and the future, of how he would comgreat talents to the accumulation pensate his mother for her sacriof wealth, he would not only have ficial devotion to him, how he amassed a fortune, but would have would restore the fortunes of his found a place among the financial father's house. What infinite remagnates of the world. Greater

sponsibilities were in those dim things were in store for him. Heber J. Grant

and visions? At the age of twentyfour he

Augusta Winters Before he had reached his teens was called to be the president of the at the age of 1 6 his ambition was stirred, his spirit Tooele stake of Zion, the youngest set on fire with a resolute determan to be called to a position of mination to, not only provide this kind. This was a new field

preacher of righteousfor him. He was withness, died when the out experience in pubPresident was nine lic speaking and undays old. His mother, trained in the adminisRachel Ivins Grant, trative duties of this

left without visible responsible office.

However, he broughtmeans of support, met this hard situation to this calling his charwith a resignation and acteristic zeal and enyears latercourage which bespeaks ergy. Two he was called to the a great soul. She was

apostleship.

a woman of initiative and independence of VTiS, he had worldly character, possessing at ambitions, he had the same time a poise, dreams unfulfilled, asdignity, and sweetness pirations unrealized.

of the rarest kind. He laid down his

Without complaint, worldly ambitions, acshe took up her burcepted the service of den, made an independhis Church, and gave ent living for herself Birthplace of Heber Jeddy Grant. to it his wholeand her boy by such hearted devohumble tasks as sewing tion, a devotion

and keeping boarders. Their suramply for his mother, but to do unsurpassed,

roundings were hard but wholethings for himself which would 3nd today he is some. These hard surroundings make her proud. This conviction a distinguished

seemed to give luster to the shinfixed in his youthful mind, forced ing qualities of this boy's charachim, while yet a boy, to seek a ter. These were really great days place in the affairs of men. Confor him. He had all that S. S. sequently, at an age when most

McClure said he hoped to beboys are living in sheltered ease, queath to his children; 'The adthis boy was doing a man's work,

vantages of poverty."He learned carrying a man's responsibilities, Heber and

very early in life that if anything and thinking in terms of men. His Augusta,

came to him it would be the result rise in the world of affairs was aged 20.

of his own effort. In that humble swift and dramatic, but merited.

home his soul was touched with His brilliant mind, the sterling the expanding power of a radiant qualities of his character, his great and conquering faith. industry, his matchless continuity member of that small but noble

of effort soon impressed those who company of men whom the peoHPHERE filtered into his boyish employed him, and the boy who, ple of this Church honor as prophheart the assurance that great but yesterday blacked the boots of ets and leaders. That decision was

things can be accomplished in the his mother's boarders, today stood vital. Great causes make great men.

.

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 703

No man ever gave his sincere, selfishness. There is always somehe comes forth to new conquests,

wholehearted allegiance to "Morthing beautiful about a pure desire to new victories.

monism"who did not grow as a to give. The Apostle Paul says, All glory to his grit! He never

result of it. President Grant's life "For God loveth a cheerful giver."quits, never furls his battle flag.

is a confirmation of this.

Notwithstanding the exalted of- J.JEBER J. GRANT must stand T IIS life is an inspiration to every

fice which he holds, his native simhigh in the affections of his boy. He dreamed dreams and

plicity makes him easily approachMaker. Notwithstanding his many translated them into glorious realable and delightfully companionand munificent gifts, the most ities. Most of us dream but we

able. At the same time he has serviceable gift he has given to his lack that intangible, indefinable,

an unstudied dignity that would family, his friends, his people, is dynamic something to make our attract attention in any society. his selfgoverned, selfdisciplined deeds larger and brighter than our

All this is enhanced by a keen will, his inwardly triumphant and dreams.sense of humor—enjoying a good The story of some of hisstory and always able to tell one. achievements as a boy can never

If you were to interrogate his die, they will endure forever as most intimate friends as to his noble traditions among this peooutstanding characteristic, they ple. They deserve a place in the

would reply without hesitation, school books of the land where "His generosity and kindness."If boys may forever learn by example

asked for specific cases, they would the vital lessons of patience and as quickly reply, "too numerous to persistence, without which nothing mention."If opportunity to testify worthwhile can be accomplished

were given to all who have been in this world. Where is there a

the recipients of his generosity, better example of these virtues?

what a company of people from Whether it was playing marbles, all walks of life would rise to bless playing ball, writing copies, buildhis name! ing sugar factories, no matter what

end. his achieved difficult, he or how

1LJE is indeed a "cheerful giver."public does much He necessarily

His generosity is princely. speak ing.

mostWhere ever one No men f a 1 1 Heber Jeddy Grant as a baby. sleeps while

down he h e speaks.

rises brilvictorious personality. In the final His clear,

liantly. He analysis, that is the most servicepenetrating

cares less for able gift that any man can give voice carries money than to the world. "Real glory springs to the reany man from the silent conquest of ourmotest corthat is inselves."ners of the

terested in Mild and gentle at home, he is great tabermaking i t fearless in his fight for the right. nacle. He

that w e He never surrenders; no matter has a direct,

know. One how deeply engulfed, he never revigor ous,

of his intimains submerged, he does not give and interest mate and 1 up. Failure in e moral any

J. issue Heber Grant as 2. S J"?life Augusta Winters Grant long his only determination. a whets age. middle was in he inWith the time of friends, has about financial his f were moorings her When wealth o marriage.

this to say: swept from under him, when his. apt illustrations. There is nothing

"His name was never lacking in health was shattered, when failure laborious or ponderous about It.

any good cause, whether it was and disaster faced him on all sides. Fearless and unsparing in his desaving a financial institution to he did not capitulate; his indomitnunciation of evil and evil doers,

preserve the good name of his able spirit bid defiance to all these he is quick to heal any wounds friends, starting a Liberty Loan foes and with colossal courage he that may have been unjustly indrive, or keeping a poor widow's vanquished them. He preserved flicted. This passage which he

roof over her head. (A chapter his honor, restored his standing, often quotes is descriptive of the

could be written on this subject) and at seventyfive is a better physPresident: "Reproving betimes

The signature of Heber J. Grant, ical risk than at thirtyfive. Today with sharpness, when moved uplike the name of Abou Ben Adam, he carries confidently, gracefully on by the Holy Ghost; and then

'led all the rest'."and reverently the greatest responshowing forth afterwards an inThere is no discoverable motive sibility he has ever borne. crease of love toward him whom

in all his giving; he gives because You cannot keep a good man thou hast reproved, lest he esteemhe loves to,—it seems to be just down when he has the valor and thee to be his enemy."

the impulse of a great and generous fighting spirit of the President. Valiant in his testimony, no

heart. He is supreme in his genBuried beneath difficulties from one who listens to him ever

erosity, a shining example of unwhich most men could never rise, [Continued on page 733] The rerfect JV1 arnage ovenant

the marriage to perform is considered by By world,MARRIAGE of God the kingdom rite. When as people a great many

merely a civil contract or Joseph Fielding Smith isness,set upandonChristthe earthcomesin allto itsreign,fulaagreement and a between man ordinances, like all other Of the Council of marriage, live together they willwoman that will be controlled law of by the in the marriage relation. It is, in the Twelve God. When that day comes marfact, an eternal principle upon riages will not then be performed

existence the verywhich of manshall separate the death only until

It is said, not the Lord God And this depends.kind gave Lord The for the wife, marriage and good husband I will alone; should make the that man in to very the beginninglaw man present eternal. shall be Under for 2:18. help meet an him behim.—Gen. as a the theof part of Gosworld that conditions "the powers when

pel law, and the first marriage was be"have jurisdiction in the earth, to endure forever. According to "Moses because of the hardness of all men, no matter what their rethe law of the Lord every marriage your hearts suffered you to put ligious beliefs or lack of them may

should endure forever. If all manaway your wives: but from the be, must be subject to the governkind would live in strict obedience beginning it was not so."Morements which exist. When Christ

to the Gospel and in that love over, what God joins together is comes he will bring the "perfect which is begotten by the Spirit of eternal. Unfortunately most of law of liberty"and in it all the

the Lord, all marriages would be the marriages performed are not by faithful will be made free and eternal; divorce would be unthe will of God, but by the will happy.

known. Divorce is not part of the of man. Marriages among LatterThe Lord has given to the

Gospel plan and has been introday Saints are eternal marriages if Church definite instructions in reduced because of the hardness of they are properly performed belation to this sacred principle which heart and unbelief of the people. cause the Eternal Father gave the is so essential to the happiness of

When the Pharisees tempted Christ covenant of marriage which is reman. It is the duty of all memsaying: "Is it lawful for a man to ceived by couples who go to the bers of the Church to accept the

put away his wife for every cause?"Temple to receive this blessing regulations of the Church. There

He answered them: "Have ye not there. is in the Church a ceremony which

read, that he which made them at gives to the covenanting parties the beginning made them male and TT is necessary that marriages be blessings which do not end with female, and said, For this cause regulated by'civil law. Under death. Marriage as understood by

shall a man leave father and moththe present world conditions the Latterday Saints is a covenant orer, and shall cleave to his wife: state must have power to form the dained to be everlasting. It is the

and they twain shall be one flesh? laws governing marriages because foundation for eternal exaltation,

Wherefore they are no more twain, of their close connection with the for without it there could be no but one flesh. What therefore God social structure of the state. Neverprogress in the kingdom of God.

hath joined together, let not man theless it is a religious principle and put asunder."Then when they the power should never be taken HPHE idea which is almost uniasked why Moses permitted difrom ministers of religion, even in versal that marriage is a convorce, the answer of the Lord was: the apostate condition of the tract which must end at death, did

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 'u:>

not originate with our Eternal of heaven, instituted in the garden "I want the young men of Zion to realthat is this institution of marriage not ItFather. it ize introduced was of it is necessary that by the Eden;

a institution. manmade God. to of truthenemy has sworn should be solemnized who by the It is honorable, is and no man It iswhoofoverthrow the kingdom of rightauthority of the everlasting Priestmarriageable age is living his religion whoof

eousness if he can. The first marhood."History of the Church remains single. It is not simply devised

the convenience alone of to suit man,riage ever performed this earth on 2:320. He also taught: forhis notions, his ideas; to and own own before therewas performed was marry then divorce, and to adopt and

any death, and the thought of "Except a man and his wife enter into then discard, just as he pleases. There

everlasting for covenant be an and married it, are connected great adeath consequences separation with and did ennot eternity, in this the while probation, by this reach consequences which beyond it.ter into of the Members Church Priestauthority the of and power Holy all eternity, into for present thereby time been the constantlyhave taught will cease increase to they hood, they when are souls into begotten the world, and

sacredness of the marriage covedie; that is, they will not have any chilmen and women obtain their being in the

nant, but it appears that there are dren after the resurrection. But those who world. Marriage is the preserver of the

are married authority by the and power it, race. the purposes Without of human oursome people among young who life, in this the priesthood continue and frustrated; be of virtue would would God in thisare growing ignorance up of the sin without committing against the give to to vice cordestroyed place be and

fact. I shall therefore quote from Hoi y Ghost, will continue to increase and ruption, and the earth would be void and

some authorities glory."—Hisempty."Gospel Doctrine, pp. 241-2. who have emhavetory ofchildrenthe Churchin the celestial5:391.phatically spoken. and officially

President heard Smith is declared Paul that "Neither T HAVE President Joseph F. Smith has

occasions that hethe say on several the without man woman, said:

neither the woman without the would rather take his children one man, in the Lord."And the Lord "Many people imagine that there is by one to the grave in their innois sinful in there something marriage; an cence that and purity, knowing give thesaid he would a comman

is tradition to apostate that This to inheritpanion come forth they would be a help meet who would a idea. the very harmful false and coneffect.On

for him. That is a help who trary, God not only commends but comthe fulness of celestial glory, than

would answer all the requirements, mands marriage. While man was yet imto have them marry outside of the

not only of companionship, but mortal,our heavenlybeforeFathersin hadhimselfenteredperformedthe world,the Church, or even outside the Temthrough whom the fulness of the first marriage. He united our first parents ple of the Lord. Why should he

purposes of the Lord could be acin the bonds of holy matrimony, and have been so emphatic? Because he

complishd regarding the mission of commanded them to be fruitful and mulhad perfect knowledge of what man through mortal life and into mandtiply andhe hasreplenishnever challenged,the earth. abrogatedThis comor marriage, according to the law of

eternity. "Neither the man or the annulled; but it has continued in force the Lord, means, and because he

woman were capable of filling the throughout all the generations of mankind. knew the consequences attending

measure of their creation alone. "Without marriage the purposes of God the rejection of this covenant in

The union of the two was reiswouldconcerned,be frustratedfor thereso wouldfar as bethisnoneworldto the House of the Lord. For those

quired to complete man in the imobey his other commands. who refuse to receive this ordinance

age of God."(Compendium, p. "There appears to be a something beas the Lord ordained, cannot enthe above and to reasons yond apparent said, us118.) Lord "Let celestial The of the fulness ter into

chastity brings mind the human why in after our image, ourmake is man has glory. Lord what the This strength to and the the of peoples power

likeness * * *. So God created man earth, but it is so. spoken

in his own image, in the image of "Today a flood of iniquity is overGod created he him; male and fewhelmingreason for theit iscivilizedthe neglectworld.of marriage;One greatit "All covenants, contracts, bonds, oblimale created he them."(Gen. 1: has lost its sanctity in the eyes of the great gations, oaths, vows, performances, con26-7.) majority. It is at best a civil contract, nections, associations, or expectations, that

but more often an accident or a whim, or ARE NOT MADE AND ENTERED IN-

A/TOREOVER when the woman awhenmeanstheof sacrednessgratifying ofthe thepassions.covenantAndis TOSPIRITANDOFSEALEDPROMISE,BYofTHEhim whoHOLYis

for as well time for anointed and both lost of, sight or a ignored disregard then presented the to was man, all holy, that eternity, too most by and the of marriage the vows, present under is said: "This (woman)Adam the revelation through and commandment is training the masses, of moral a mere

flesh of bone andnow I have my bones, anointed, of mine whom medium triviality, trifling a indiscretion.

of my flesh."From this we un- "The neglect of marriage, this tendency appointed on the earth to hold this power

derstand that his union with Eve to postpone its responsibilities until mid- * * * ARE OF NO EFFICACY, VIRwas to be everlasting. The Savior dletendom,life, thatis beingso perniciouslyfelt in the effectsmidst Chrisof the THETUE, RESURRECTIONOR FORCE IN ANDFROMAFTERTHE

this doctrineconfirmed he are all that made contracts when for are an end men have when end Saints."—Gospel Doctrine, p. 344. DEAD;unto thissaid to the cause Jews: "For thisshall a man leave father and mothdead"—Doc. and Cov. 132:7.

er, and shall cleave to his wife;

and they twain shall be one flesh. THEN the Lord adds that his

Wherefore they are no more twain, house is a house of order and but one flesh."(Matt. 19:5-6.) not a house of confusion and he

Then how can husband and wife will accept only that which he has be separated as we find them so freappointed and that "No man shall quently among the people today come unto the Father but by me and be justified in the sight of God? or by my word, which is my law,

When a man and his wife separate saith the Lord."Everything that

the law of God has been broken. is in the world that is ordained by

men and which is not by the HPHE Prophet Joseph taught that word of the Lord, must be thrown "marriage was an institution down, and "shall not remain after 706 The Improvement Era for October, 1931

men are dead, neither in or after simply because in their blindness then have children born to them afterthe resurrection, saith the Lord of heart, they refuse to keep these wards,kingdomthoseand childrento all its areblessingslegal heirsand promto the your God."When a man marsacred and holy commandments. ises, and they are the only ones that arc

ries a wife by his word and they Oh what bitterness there will be in on this earth. There is not a young man

be in not would our community who every authority, his "theyare sealed of judgment when the by day to travel here to willing to England from the according receives pass the his reward angels, and by mantshall things right, if he understood be married gods, which are set there, to their to his works! as they are; there is not a young woman

exaltation and glory in all things, in our community, who loves the Gospel its be blessings that wishes would are excerpts following from and their sealed been HPHE "as hath upon live they other would way; in any married

a Elder Orson fulshall discourse by glory heads, be a which married until they could be unmarried ness and a continuation of the seeds Pratt: as they should be if they lived until

forever and ever."they were as old as Sarah before she

"The Lord ordained marriage between had Isaac born to her. Many of our

which through as a female law and male off their children married brethren have they gods, shall because be they "Then tabtake here spirits and should come consideration, this into taking without shall therefore be end; they have from no state the enter second into ernacles, and it little a of matter thinking imand everlasting, they conto everlasting because solemHimself existence. Lord The all I understood portance. wish we all, shall beof tinue; be they then above this to first pertaining marriage the nized light the this that understands in heaven all are them. subject cause things unto flesh to bones and pertaining globe, and it. shall gods, because they they have beThen

I perearth. say not this do here upon unto are subject angels the and it is sisters? with you you Can "How; first the for to mortality taining when

Cov. and 132:20. a a distinguish of between and man God power,them."—Doc. mortality celebrated, was no marriage was

is It the the of one of world? man first that have marriage here. we The

life, to in strangest that things happen blessings order to these imobtain of, two between account was anyTN love or that think can any man woman * * * were they immorbeings mortal to the obedience be given must receive of will the that truth being not no a tal dominion, death had beings; nomarriage ordained covenant is by this love produces heaven. Gospel The * * * them. over power

it is the far the love of above gate, strait women; the is the Lord. "For hearers, consider, you my would "What

love love of of celebrated if to between be marriage a leadeih was that the God—theand narrow way

eternal eternity—of302-4. pp. death? to subject beings Would not two lives."—Discourses, the exaltation continuaunto and

a together for consider joined them you Israel, careful, in ye mothers "Be O lives, tion the there of be few and that then years, of certain and number in futeach daughters not and your do it, find that receive because ye me forever, cease to all their were covenants ture, as taught, have of been them many not in the world neither do ye and the marriage contract be dissolved? to marry out of Israel. Woe to you who

it consistent? reasonable look and as sure do in Would receive if ye me. But meknow that the heart work say would Every No. as p. 304. God shall me, ye the then world know itself, is inperfect of and in and of God inherit it; youlives."—Discourses,that willovercomethlose yourshallcrowns "He

and shall receive your exaltation; asmuch as sin had not brought imperfecthings; and I will be his God. and allhe

joined globe, the what upon God ye shall be also."tion that where I am shall be my son."—Rev, 21:7. detogether be dissolved, could not and 132:2223.) (Doc. and Cov. torn stroyed, any asunder by power and

The Lord has explained also the beneath the Celestial world, consequently CUCH timely instruction and insignificant meaning of Eternal lives it was eternal; the ordinance of union was formation could be multiplied

the sealing the great Jehovah of in this instruction: eternal; in its into many pages, but we will let eternal and Eve was upon Adam

all suffice. Latterday this for the nature, never instituted and was May the is eternal only "This know lives—to of being overthrown and brought purpose it see to fathers Saint mothers and Christ, true Jesus wise and and God,

to an end. sent. Receive he. hath he the I am whom their children that teach they

that the 'Mormons'"It is known ye. are sacredness of the marriage covetherefore, my law.".—Doc. and Cov. a peculiar marriage; people about we be132:24.

lieve in marrying, not only for time, but nant. Let them impress upon their

gift promised to those who all eternity. says one, for be marriednPHE for all eternity. This is a curious idea, children that in no other way than to the of covenants God, honoring by

It is at all; for curious not when we receive this of covenant mareter- of the covenant which among scriptures, find to the examine come we riage the to faithful and remain is greatest of the first nal marriage set one the for the whole that example

end, that they shall "have no end,"human family, as a pattern instituted for and most mandatory, can they obthe shall until that instituted follow, they us to have not means was If lives. eternal blessings the of death, that tain for at death had dominion no increase. eternal of Onlypower this refuse to receive ordinance they blessing eternal time; proan but it was

this will those have power who first nounced our parents."—-From upon of other blessings the of and House

truly "know the only wise and a discourse, August 29, 1852. God, then shall they be cut off

true God, and Jesus Christ, whom from these higher blessings. They

he hath sent. Others may see the The following instruction comes shall wear no crown; they shall

Lord and may be instructed by from President Brigham Young: have no rule and sway no scepter;

him, but they will not truly know "When a man and a woman have rethey shall be denied the fulness of him or his Father unless they beceived their endowments and sealings, and knowledge and power, and like the come like them. prodigal son, they may return

Who desires to enter the eternal again to their Father's house, but world and be a servant when the it will be as servants, not to inherit promise is held out that we may be as sons. If they will be true to

sons and daughters of God? Yet these commandments their glory

there will be the vast majority who and exaltation shall have no will enter into the eternal world as bounds—"all things are theirs, * *

servants, and not as sons, and this and they are Christ's and Christ is simply because they think more of God's. And they shall overcome

the world and its covenants, than all things."(Doc. and Cov. 76:

they do of God and his covenants, 5960.)

z, y

to Live Right

Fiftyone Intercollegiate

Contests in Five Months and All is JVell

By Coach

G. Ott Romney

B. Y. U.

to each other. The athlete who convinced me that bodily cleanliobserves the rules of physical health ness, observance of the inexorable

and strength and who lives the laws of physical training, assures clean life will, granted that he is a foundation for and inspiration equipped with sound physical mato selfrespect, clean, vigorous chinery in the beginning, thrive thinking, a moralebuilding attion a strenuous and extended protude and a fund of moral courage.

gram of highpressure athletics. But I am calling in four splenCaptain Russell

Macllby at the end of the ABSTINENCE from the use of grind tobacco and alcoholic and other stimulants, intelligent eating at regular hours sufficient sleep at

the body as to cleanliness will inTHISfactsdual-purposeintends to recitalanswerof regular hours, and smart care of sure to the young a physical man boldly and emphatically condition stamina andtwo questions. will which a enable capable

To the query: Does extended mentor to put him through

participation in strenuous inter- a carefully conceived proscholastic and intercollegiate athgram of exercise and rigorletics have a deleterious effect on ous playing schedules in the well being of young men? It sport after sport through his

answers, not necessarily; generally successive school years with

no; and often, decidedly opposite. no ill physical effects and a

To the inquiry: Does the clean wealth of dividends in solife pay? it shouts out, certainly, cial training and character

undeniably. building. And a rather

Perhaps the two questions are broad experience with better answered in complement young men in athletics has "BRINLEY,"forward 708 The Improvement Era for October, 1931

did student athletes to preach this1 keen; digestion, O. K..; sense of

enintact; abnormal no humor, their I asking for me. amsermon

the heart nor the of largement case. the torecords make And Cooper,"guard discovered item was head. No one swallow that realizewhile I

does not make a summer nor a which might be charged against single down payment purchase the athletics.

radio set, nevertheless I feel that the Perhaps this is why. Not one

evidence submitted by these four of these boys is or at any time exponents of the clean and strenuhas been a user of tobacco in any ous life is beyond refutation, and form, in season or out of season;

I know that their cases are typical nor a user of alcoholic or other of hundreds and thousands which stimulants, nor an intemperate abound in athletics everywhere and liver in any sense. Every one of

particularly in these parts where these athletes is a perfect trainer so many young men accept literally by habit and through experience.

as fundamental in their lives the And you might be interested to know thatstandards of clean 00i.

living.

PLDONBRINPLDONBRIN-LEY, Russell Tf.awardedLEY thewaseffiMagleby, George ciency student

Cooper and Mark medal, which Bailiff are four means that he is versatile athletes the member of of enviable repu- t h e graduating tation who have class who best this spring comexemplifies all pleted four years around student o f continuous efficiency. H i s

and vigorous athscholarship recletic participation ord shows a near on B r i g h a m A average for

Young University teams. They The Game is on. four years. He is an accomplished

had all enjoyed activity on high musician, playing both strings and school teams before entering colbrass. On hundreds of occasions

lege. They have all been, successhas he pulled the bow across the

ful students as their perennial elistrings of his bass viol as a memgibility attests; their average grade ber of the B. Y. U. orchestra and

is considerable above the general symphony orchestra. A brilliant

student mean; and one or two of basketball forward and a steady

them have outstandingly strong tennis player, he grinned at his records in scholarships. lack of football experience in high

school and became an outstandingThe real reason for selecting ly strong tackle on three successive these four men from among college elevens. And a tackle is

scores of exemplary Cougars for a man who takes it and gives it critical physical examination was at a post where the battle is the that tt$y had just passed through thickest and the shock the greatest.

as strenuous a schedule of football practically basketball no with and to B, came COOPER rEORGE ever for rest, as has interim "BALLIPF, come of a the saddle Pan- Y. U. from

to a attention. climax to As my earned cowpony. had guard guitch He

organized athletic participation exmore than a sectional reputation as ten to eight tending through from player, this cambasketball school a of high conclusion the AT this eleven years quartet played an the selected these been having among which during paign neschedule football which game the Stagg's National successfully at Mr. notables carried men young cessitated sixtyfive miles hundred a in Interscholastic courses But Tournament. of program standard of travel and then drove through highly accredited university, they he had confined his participation

a forty game basketball schedule submitted to a thorough physical to one sport and had been warned which called for even greater Pullexamination by Dr. Lloyd Culliagainst too much participation beman mileage. In both sports the more f t jj e medical staff of Brig cause of a tendency toward pleuricompetition was highgrade. The ham Young University. The versy. Cooper not only proved one

opposition included some of the dict was unanimous. It read; Orof the greatest basketball guards

outstanding teams among the nagans, perfect; nervous system, ever to appear in the Rocky Mountion's college aggregations. strong; weight, normal; appetites, ts Continued on page 744]

an or yYachitne M MADE? the Industrial Revolution, the Masubject is a query, not a By chine Millennium, the AutomaticTHISprophecy. or MaMan

autothat buttons Age. push We J. to or be not Paul chine?—"To Weaver satisfy hungers, matically provide

is the question every be?"—that tastes gratify comforts, unand

is musician asking himself nowa- a generation of ago. dreamed Editors'Note: days. Others asked have and me

is It step the a short but from J- special permission of Paul Used by all in I a thousand others of walks to the savage hunter comgame of Weaver. Proceedings Editor Journal life, but satisfactory no has answer of the Supervisors National Music Confield laborer, the of wielder mon given. been psychologist, no No ference. scribe, village shovel, the pick and educationist, or no manufacturer the the of operator automatic madealer, professional no or person

chine. seems the to layman vaudeville houses answer. mate theaters and know shelter drink, and Food and

is Since there artists readymade no of national anclosing—only or clothing, rapid transportation and swer, search international facts, sure reputation for we can only of an

utilthe universal communication, note the sale changes in our industrial, of pianos and art, audience—the of ization have all been made professional, artistic life, social musical instruments declining and possible the automatic by modern periods compare of history, of congrehuman ofprecipitously—decline machine. a attempt diagnosis gational singing and suggest a and homemade Artificial are the substitutes

remedy for the present complex music! vogue in silks and satins, in jewelconditions which have raised the are These hard facts, beyond ry, in dyes furin and perfumes, question. dispute or argument. Whether niture, in recreation enterand in

In every conceivable industry, they indicate a transition period to tainment. The movie and the rathe machine is replacing the man. be followed by a renaissance or a dio make literature, drama and art

In agriculture, in mining and complete change in the production available to everyone whether he manufacture, mass production is and consumption of music is a live in a castle or a cabin.

the rule. In, transportation, in matter of conjecture. It is just poscommunication, i n utilization, sible that the answer to this ques- T ET us see what the machine,

mass consumption has become the tion may be determined largely by invented by engineer, physicist habit. Speed is the watchword, the teachers in this very audience and chemist, has done in other

the pushbutton is the symbol of and by the public schools that are fields to change methods of prothe age. now training the youth and shapduction and consumption, thus afing has forced the destinies of the the The machine next genfecting the of laws and demand, '] eration. fieldcommon one to laborer from supply, as as well the the lives of

another. reprocesses Automatic

( place the skilled mechanic. DupliTOR convenience I shall divide individuals"Selfpreservationengaged in isthem.the. jfirst

cating methods substitute for the this discussion into three seclaw of life"runs the proverb. Food

craft of the artisan. Mechanical tions, like a sonata of three moveand drink, therefore, are vital necalculation obviates mental mathements, an Allegro, Tumultuoso; a cessities. How has the machine afmatics. Movie and radio multiply Scherzando, Siesta; and a Con fected the production, distribution

audiences by millions. The utilizaMoto, Maestoso. First, the Age and consumption of food? Meattion of art is universal. The maof Machinery—of Science and Inand natural fruits were man's first

chine displaces brawn and brain! vention, of Mass Production, of diet. Our own grandparents huntSpeed and Precision; second, the ed native game for meat, later

CYNTHETIC chemistry creates Age of Mass Distribution, of Mass raised their own beef, pork and new elements. Artificial subCommunication, of Mass Utilizamutton, slaughtered and preserved

stitutes follow natural products in tion, of Mass Entertainment: it at home. This was homemadebewildering variety and rapidity. third, the New Era of Leisure—its meat.

All matter, all energy is reduced to Dangers, its Opportunities, the ReToday, a few big packers supply electronic vibration. Nothing is sponsibility upon Schools and the bulk of all meat consumed in

real and nothing matters. Teachers, the Challenge of the Futhis country; it is our second largWe all recognize the symptoms ture. est industry. My grandfather perof a profound economic disturbWe are living in the Golden Age formed all the operations of meat

ance in the field of music. Four out of Miracles. This is the Age of producing from feeding calves,

of five professional musicians out Invisible Forces, physical and shoats and lambs, to chops, roasts halffilled studios chemical, invisible electricmedia, and sausages. each At Swifts'man work—many

bureaus, lyceums and; ty and ether, atom"uses and electrons one tool, performs operaone—concertof

chautauquas diminishing—legitilong waves, short waves. This is tion—a raised hammer and a fall-

710 The. Improvement Era for October, 1931

ing blow, a poised knife and a gas and electricity, with automatic The old fashioned tub and single cut, and the carcass passes light from a dynamo machine, rewash board, homemade soap and on! This is machine made meat. leased by pushing a button. hand iron are superseded by the

The local butcher and amateur Fire has evolved from hand rubmachine operated home and public meat cutter pass out of the ecobed sticks, or flint and steel, to laundry with electric washer, nomic picture. safety match, pilot light and elecwringer and mangle, with "Lux"

tric spark. As a boy I had to saw and "Thor"your slaves.

1HAT of bread, "the staff of and split, by hand, all the fuel we Time does not permit more than casual for producmention of mass and a cooking both consumed used life?"grandfather MyW tion that is automachines work up the today Your home of heating. halfto cut to an acre from a

wheat a day with hand sickle or matically heated by a machine natural materials of sand, clay, scythe. Then came the harvesting burning oil, 'with even tempercoal, wood, leather and metals and

machine. The flail and foot treadature controlled continuously and their artificial substitutes created

er succumbed to the threshing maautomatically by thermostat and by synthetic chemistry. Have you

chine. Today, two men with a electric spark. ever seen an automatic press punch

combination cutterthresher and The "old oaken bucket"today stamping out an auto body or fenbagger, with one man on motor is but a myth; it is replaced by der with one gigantic crunch apdriven truck, can deliver forty acres modern plumbing—water is stored plied to a sheet of cold steel? Or

of grain a day to the elevator or and pumped into every room by a an automatic diemachine, turning freight car. The common fieldvast system of reservoirs and maout daily thousands of complex

laborer and the draft horse fade chine pumps. Natural ice, once shapes formerly made laboriously

out of the picture! cut by hand from rivers and lakes, by hand? Some of the parts in

as involve pianoactions yielded to artificial in turn ice your to has yield and mortar bowl The operations twelve single plants and the modern many as home elecin millingthe machine modern

Minneapolis; the small flour mill tric or gas refrigerator. now performed automatically by

one machine. simply An operator the landscape.disappears from a grandfather founded A/fY one sticks feeds into long maple

little the bakeoven andMother's mill in 1867. woolen finished out the I end part comes and give bakery to modwayGerman in it as school during worked a boy the other!

ern bakeries with automatic mixvacations from 1890 to 1900. As

ing, baking moulding, kneading, late, as then, years thirty ago, visited ever you Henry LJAVE your slicing machines, andand farmers'wives of bags brought the plant Ford's seen and table motorbread to your comes by I to mill the ran wool which part machine, milelong human still to have truck.delivery You the carding picking through and steel, flesh iron blood, part and and bite!butter and this did machines. they Formerly incessantly, relentlessly, moving applies cycle inevitable it same The did hand, but machine by my starting at the incipient with Fords drinks. fruits vegetables, andto faster better. these took and They finished, animated and end one dried canned, grew, rollsFormerly we of back wool and spun home the other? out coming mechanisms

these. of They preserved most intoand yarn which hand by them diggers, excaditch Mechanical

come to my table readymade, mathey knitted by hand or wove by vators, conveyors and escalators chine packed in tins and cartons, hand into cloth which they cut and supply the power once furnished delivered advertised and into garments.branded, sewed by hand individual of dozens by common

I lad milked a all this that I remind has Need Asby machine. you ore coal, laborers. dig our They

the in to passed of milk carried civilization? bowlscows, modern trucks, on them and dirt—load the cream spinseparated spring, automatic Today,natural modern trains ships. lay our and They

knitting, butter cutting, ning, hand. the weaving, churned byand our mains, pave water gas and

- sewing ready use today machinery and pressing farmsDairy dig streets our basehighways; and

mixed feeds, milking and bottling supplies "Your hose and your ments, mix sand and gravel, hoist machines, cream separators, maclothes—from head to toes."beams weighing tons to the tops

chine churns, molders, wrappers. of our sixtystory skyscrapers.

Barns are electric lighted for "conThe pick and the axe, the shovel are and the hoe are going to the mutented cows"—even henhouses

flooded with ultraviolet rays to seums, alongside bows and arrows.

make the "happy hens"lay more Time forbids even the mention of eggs! And then, the incubator and machinery and chemistry in modbrooder deprive them of their ern warfare, that put the arrow,

motherhood the spear and the sword in the

UOW about the next vital necesmuseum.These machines do everything

sity, shelter? It is only a few but think, and some even appear to

generations from caves, tents, mud do that. Have you ever seen two

and log huts to the modern furnmen attending a cigarette machine?

ished, serviced apartment hotel. My One man feeds this machine raw

father was born in an Indiana logtobacco, rolls of paper and sheets of cabin and I just barely missed that cardboard; the other takes off the

distinction. My grandmother's conveyor complete cartons filled

light was the fat lamp and homewith automatically stuffed, rolled, made tallow candle. My mother's counted and packaged cigarettes

lamp burned kerosene. Then came produced daily by millions!

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 711

What shall we say of adding The individual inevitably yields to ever been a reversal, a return, to machines, comptometors and calthe Machine! handmade methods of homemade

culators that multiply and divide products in the long panorama of fractions and decimals? What of have these mass methods human achievements? the duplicating electric typewriter? H'OWaffected the communications Moreover, what is artificial?

And the multigraph? of ideas? A simple review of hisThe humble silk worm eats the

texture their leaves that absorb suffice. facts will writers years ago, news few A its soil through and from and sun or ear phones sat with papers daily messenger—runnertoricon liqleaf into converts metabolism service, rider—ponyIndividualtelegraph, express, postal the news hand typed byand

its it diaspins uid which rafrom wireless telegraphy, telephone, Press Associated the overphoned threads. telephanous mainternational broadcast, Rayon dio The types sender one wires. Today, chine duplicates these processes service. All means of which central office, and phone in a the news

eats cornstalks or whatnots, contalk to a in Vienna that I can man in a hunreceiving machineselectric verts into a gelatinous the them mass London, or hear Chicago from mesthese cities type smallerdred this spins and into tenuous out OrBerlin Paris Symphonic and operator automatically.sages One

is threads. difference? the in Where chestra Opera home or Grand my a hundred! of does the worknow is all, It far cry, after a not from of a button studio and the push by

the turn of a dial! This is mass the leafy garb of Mother Eve to

DICTURE the solitary monk in communication of ideas because a the rayonclad flapper of yesterhis cell laboriously copying the billion listeners can share this pleasyear! Of course, the poor worm

manuscript by hand; contrast him ure with me, if their tastes permit. will have to starve! The machine

with the linotype operator and the A few hundred artists can produce will get the leaves!

pressman at the Chicago Tribune this music, multiplied a billion And lo! the simple oyster! Here

plant with its hundred page editimes by mass distributing mafor millions of years he has been tions each multiplied a million five chinery, and reproduced in every making pearls in "tears"and in hundred thousand times? Can we civilized human habitation! pain (I was about to say "bydoubt that the Machine displaces "But stop!"you cry—"this is hand") when along comes the

the Monk? The Robot displaces artificial art, artificial music! We chemist and produces synthetic

brawn and brain! want the genuine, personal, indipearls which only an expert can

article!"natural. the distinguish The American from And end is vidual bear with Please me—the through of Musicians, a chemist Federation trained why shouldn't ourselves are asking yet! not We

the question "Man or Machine?"the expenditure of vast sums beat an uneducated oyster at his

and in newspaper game? ($500,000) own future by the judge can onlyWe implores advertisements, magazine insocial the of the past.

artificial this against us to protest plants have and pLOWERS transtercourse of Whathumanity—the in the Artist the music, Robot and furnished our perfumes disthe bodies; of our portation tribution of wares and products, "little brown box"—to demand dyes for ages, but again the chemist

the communication of ideas and the return of the exiled, personal produces myriads of new synthetic services, the mass utilization of recperformer. colors and scents as a byproduct

reation and entertainment? of coal tar! The tints and scents,

is always demand million in a coal for pUBLIC the embalmed of the I you not remind need is greatthe deciding years, factor—it released are simply modby transportation individual ofdays equation, in economic er the given factor science! has ern Burbank of sequence evolutionary theand

fruits demand. for luscious meet supply of new, us must dozens jinrick- the camel; horse andox,

desire the really scipublic horticultural the aid of the with of Does plane; bicycle, auto and shaw,

the skyscraper elevator; nor of return of the onetime mediocre ence.

destrucorchestra and the cabinet carpenters and For ages, public theater of travel by evolution the the Machine? tion of Has in natural labored have there makers electric road, coach, steam stage

plantrimming, elevated and level, wood—cutting,road—street carvmortising, chiselling, ing, airtransport modernsubway—to polishing ing, varnishing, by and ships rowgalley on nor of slaves

to fining by hand, to sailing ships, hand—from raw lumber

steamships, and the oilburning ished furniture. Today, a new

Dieselengined floating palaces of product, Bakelite, a plastic made of today. casein or resins, can be molded and

at dies once pressed machined by changes the mention we Need all article. For complete the into peditinerant distribution, from in

sitting are on you I know, now to fairs, and markets to public dler cheese! superheated of chairs made stores? general crossroads and

artificialWhere are they now? They have We are even adopting

fallen before the march of civilizaexercises and recreation. We build

for capacity stadium a 100,000 distributing mamoderntion—the athletic games, and spectators of store, mail department chinery of

order house and chain store, sumtake our sport vicariously, by med up in the term "Mass distriproxy, as it were. Instead of a

bution."I am told that in Inwalk in the natural sunshine we

dianapolis scarcely a single indipush the button and expose ourvidually operated grocery remains. [ Confirmed on page 746]

The

/>/ New Education Austria BERTHA S.

STEVENSON

"''iKwEKHfrS'-- jfy$M'"- 1 j \mB&&*

-m3l. WiffT vft-J

University of Vienna ITtois tellmy youpleasuresomethingand privilegeof a purposetem or methodin beginninghe said:his new sysbuild up an education which they

generation, our a raise educational system which must new new "We of eduold scheme wanted. The

greater in is children in educating our the hope in recently developed beenhas 'child the cation in was which for each tolerance, only not love and four of as a resultcity of Vienna has for the government molded peoples. must for other other, but We

years of experimental work carteach our children that we are bringing been replaced in Vienna by one in other something and we must do it eachried L. Dengler Paul Dr. on by is activity which there and coopschools."our through schools of that thein of high one the eration which through and

city. child is led to do his own thinking.

of the the aim war It in with connection done was before pause Let a moment me to been B 1EFOREeducation make had in schools the generalthe change the experiment of reviewing Dr. dynasty. the for subjects loyal afterof the war. Austria world tell of to Dengler, something you suppres- a constant been had There in education Austria new The himself. the man thoughts and individual of sion a old daring changewas from

Salsburg, Auswas born in He feelings, and this through the sewas but and curriculi,methods tria, is parentage, of Austrian and discipline. verest principlesbased of psyon sound

chology and a national need for Only 7% went to higher graduatednow 43 yearsfrom ofthe age.UniversityHe wasof

greater love and tolerance. schools leading to the university. Vienna in 1904, his major being

each Before uncountry the war wantAfter the war each nation the psychology. He has attracted

ruleder different Austrian wanted one ed to be independent. One by attention of educators the world

connections. Each people hated the nations withdrew to set up new over with his methods and has

the other. There was constant ingovernments and all that was left traveled and lectured extensively in

trigue andjealousy. These racial of the once great AustriaHungar- the United States and Europe.

prejudices exist strongly today but ian Empire was a small area from the war did not cause them, it only which visit was honored by a to form the New Republic T TTAHexhilerated. of Austria. this great doctor from about

In the present internal situation What had been the mingling two years ago.

in Europe each hates the other. nlace of the races and the mecca During the past summer he told thingsMany intellectuals great the of the which would help for of his experiments before educaall be done. cannot a small povertyworld was now tional conventions in Denmark

Traditions are strong in Europe. ridden nation. and England and created quite a

They want to remain what they They had never been educated good deal of interest at the Interare. Children's minds are poisonto be a unit but there was one great national Educational Convention,

ed by hate and jealousy. advantage, they now had only one held at Geneva, Switzerland, in

Quoting Dr. Dengler on his language and they were free to August, 1929.

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 713

Through his method he aims to Another function of the TeachThe Children's Community teach for life and to live and for ers'Community is to make observathis reason it is his theory to intions about the children, these to be This is a community of selfclude the family in his system. He discussed in their community group. government. Their slogan is:

said: "No Hatred, Preach Love."Here

"Our greatest hope and work is they get a real training in personwith the masses."ality, individuality and leadership.

His experiments which he calls A T first Dr. Dengler tried withcommunity education were carried

40 children and found it wason in the high school or "Mittel

Schule"which compares with our too many. In the beginning only

junior high school and up to about the boys were organized, but the 18 years of age. The pupils he boys asked to have the girls, and

worked with directly were about now they are in the groups.

15 and 16 years of age. This is the way he began to use

He told us, however, that the his plan. He said:

children of Austria were about 2 the "Ieyeswentof intothe childrenthe roomandandchoselookedfiveintoto years behind those of America due be leaders.

to privation and illness during and "They formed the leaders'group.

after the war. "The function of this group is: to

He organizes the children into legislate,ministrativeholdcommunity.meetings and form the ad-

a class community with three Dr. Dengler, Center "After the first time, the leaders were

elected two everygroups leadThis 1. The Teachers'months. a! chief elects group

ers'group or Comleader. The leaders'

munity. names are written on

2. The Parents'thethe childrenblackboard,write theirand

Community. names under the lead-

3. The Chiler they wish to join."

dren's Commu- -:;; ]R. DENGLER all nity, joining D stated the lists three to form the

were surprisinglySchool Comand suruniformmunity.

prisingly fair, nevhas a leader beenThe Teachers'er without left Community a group. Neither

The Teacher's were the leaders alCommunity has ways the superior been the hardest children. Probably

group to work Children's Clinic three above averwith. Teachers age to two below

have had to be trained for the work The Parents'Community in a group of five.

and institutes are held where It is good for the superior child courses are given. This is not especially for parent because it gives him extra work to

education but for parent cooperado outside of the school routine.

tion. In the beginning they must All work is based on just the avPHE teachers go once a week to get acquainted, they must know erage.

a museum, a factory or a bakeach other. Perhaps the teacher The class is divided into four

ery (for example) and all the week will have to start things by introor five groups because it gives work on this idea, (which is called ducing them. greater opportunity for leadership,

concentrated education) At the first meeting they have for helping the backward child or

They study how certain things an election of executive officers. others who need help. It makes

came, where they came from and Then they form a constitution. for mutual responsibility and gives

study the countries, the geography, After that they have general meetopportunity for discussion between climate, natural resources, etc. ings, with the teacher in the backgroups. There is no competition

Each teacher carries the idea inground, and problems are discussbetween groups.

to her class work and takes it up ed. They study, read books, Once a week the leaders have a

as art, geography, language, nature write papers, make visits to the meeting where no teacher is presstudy and so on. school and take some courses with ent. Matters, are discussed, deciOne day in the week the teachthe children. The papers written sions made and problems duly

ers come together on the next comby the parents have been very valutaken to the teacher, or to the parmunity project. They must come able in the hands of the teachers in ent appointed or elected to work

together or one will overlap aninterpreting the children's behavwith the children..

other. \ ior; [Continued on page 742]

acing

By Dr. Adam S. Bennion

IX. What Fields Are Open?

ciruntil wait of them most business a that of choosing a job at them throws cumstanceTHISbusiness sure has got me worried. My father once ormanythrowsyoungthemmenat agojob.fromOf jobcourseto

had a paying blacksmith job but job but that is not so much the his business has gone right out result of an intelligent research to from under him. How can I be discover a suitable calling as it is

sure that the thing I learn how to the result of a vague uncertainty of do will be good ten or fifteen years desire or lack of interest or of an from now."invitation to move on.

"In the days of the pioneers a As I write this article I can look man could go out into a new counout on one of the busiest blocks try and make a start. Even if he on Main Street in Salt Lake City.

didn't have much money he could As I look down the street I am homestead and in a few years build struck not by the few jobs availup something of his own. But you able in a city but by their rich

can't do that any more. It just variety. Next time you are in such

seems as if you have to work for a city try counting through fifteen somebody else."minutes the jobs which come be-

"Mining and smelting are fore your observation. Or go into

changing so that a fellow can't de- a typically busy office building and pend on keeping a job in one of note the range of employment those lines even if he can do a good available.

job now. Or take a job like painting, how can a man compete their age. No one can hold them HPHE difficulty may lie not so

against a machine that sprays in. And nothing can be gained by much perhaps in the scarcity

duco?"attempting to argue to retain them. of jobs but rather in our inability

Surely lamenting their passing can creatively to look for them. SomeCUCH letters reflect a vocational never help a man make a livelione has said that a man sees with

uncertainty that haunts many hood. Isn't it your experience that, "what's behind the eye"and it

men. Social progress has an eleexcept in crises of unemployment may be that we have done but litment of cruelty in it. Changes inlike the one through which we are tle by way of putting something

evitably cut some chasms through now passing, capable, well prepared behind the vocational eye of youth.

the social structure and men of a men are practically always able to How often a boy does or does not former generation are sometimes secure employment. Normally the want to do what his father does.

left on the "other"side of the business of keeping a civilization All too frequently that is about chasm. No one has as yet found going calls for active participation the only job of which some boys

a way in which to prevent such a of most of the people who enjoy have any particular knowledge.

conclusion. that civilization. Let's suppose you were given

But the younger generation can $100.00 and told that you might

make the adjustment. The young T ET'S get at the matter rather take the best trip which $100

blacksmith became an auto medefinitely. How many of you would finance for you. What

chanic; the progressive livery stable who read this article have actually would you do before you actually

became a garage. Root beer and projected yourself out into the started out on some particular

hot dog stands and night clubs are world of jobs far enough to disjaunt? If you were even normally

struggling under a feebly enforced cover just what you might secure intelligent you would gather data

Volstead Act to substitute for the as an occupation? The more I dison all the possible trips within the

saloon with its wobbly Adeliners. cuss this problem with young peorange of the allowance. Of course,

Some occupations go out with ple, the more I become convinced you might have been longing to..

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 715

take a certain trip these many years ued, sustained effort just have to Aeronautical engineer.

Architect.in to which could results. get case you jump Suppose you develop

engineer. conclusionyour in a hurry. That's interest in an bees. Certainly there ArchitecturalArtist.

only because you have already been is nothing to prevent your becomAssayer.

working to a conclusion. ing an outstanding BeeKeeper. Athlete (all kinds).

lawyer. as such Habits of Bee Attorney,

journalist) Author (not trip of Life have your> UT of Honey engineer. Automotive

not Bacteriologist, AttractiveLife—Food—QualityProblems general. have a human Containers—Available Bugler.destiny that in$100—youyourthis these of a score and destiny—all Markets—all Chaplain. are will haveyou be and of of others can bound BeeKeeping make engineer. Chemical

up in your decision. These articles.a fascinating pursuit. Chemist.

have repeatedly hinted the subChiropodist.

Civil engineer.stance of matter: the whole are of jobs search THOUSANDS Clergyman.out a choice worthy into which fit can if you awaiting you engineer. j Commercial

you can put your whole heart and yourself for them. A number of Dental mechanic.,

then prepare for that choice so that years ago the Military Training Dentist.

artistic. Designer, will be outstandinglyyou fitted to Commission York had of New Draftsman.

it.pursue Even if circumstances of vocations conducted a study unEducator.

vary the job, if you have trained der the title "Our Boys."The Electrical engineer.

Elcctrotherapeutist.yourself adequately fundaand to appendix lists the that study

Engineer, statistical, technical.mentally, your training will be following seventeen of groups Engraver.

your best guarantee of an ability trades and occupations: Epidemologist.

to a transfer. teacher, lecturer, make etc. 1 Extension

Heating ventilating or engineer altogether been This has summer Group engineer. Highway 1—Professional.Group becauseunusual of the great numWorkers Hydraulic engineer. Group 2—Clericalber of applicants seeking employGroup 3—Business. Hydrotherapeutist. j >j

Positions. Group Illustrator. 4—Executivement. the outstandOne of most

Service. Group Interpreter. 5—Governmenting features the situaof whole 6—-Building Trades. Group

tion is the overwhelming unfitness Group 7—Metal Trades. Inventor.Investigator.of very many applicants for any Group 8-—Woodworking. Journalist.

Group Manicurist. 9—Clothing.specific job. preSo boys many Group Glass, Stone, and MinManual instructor, psychiatric. 10—Clay,sent themselves their parents. with maker. Map

1 latter Group really seem toThe the be Masseur. 1—Printing,ing.seekers after the jobs. It is they Group 12—Transportation. Mathematician. j:

Production and PrepaMechanical engineer.who have been doing much of the Group 13—Foodration. Metallurgist.thinking and worrying. Scores of Group 14—Textiles. Meteorologist (weather expert)

Industries. and Leather Group justboys want Midwife. jobs—anything. 15—Shoes1 Manufactures. Group Mining engineer, stories general.Their are essenno doubt

Group Motion picture laboratory 1 6—Miscellaneous7—Labor. expert.tially at the place every of same Motion picture photographer. the range would appreciate TF you Ifbusiness at apply. they which Musician.

this depression has done nothing of possibilities in such a study Neurologist.

Nurse, trained and trained. not groups to of the turn throughelse it two to driven should have home

Operation time and study engineer see are: there openings what for all time the thatboys thought Optician.

when they apply for a job they Professional Organizer.

forshould ask landscape or muraL

Actor. Painter—artist,Pharmacist. a bringcan predisposed Advisor. work to whichself—theythey Accountant. Photographer.

should work to reach a point when Physical Instructor.

they have in themselves a real sellPhysician.

ing point for a specific kind of Physiological lab. assistant.

work. Thoughtless drifting leaves PlantPodiatrist.operating engineer.

too many boys without a premium Professor, college.

on the greatest thing they will ever Psychiatrist assistant.

or experthave to offer—themselves. expert. PsychologistRadio—electricalSanitary engineer.assistant

pO the boy who is really in Scientific observer.

Sculptor and clay modeler. earnest—the boy who is eager Showman.to find his own best niche—to such Sign painter.

a boy fortunately there is availSpecialist.

able a world of help and direction. Statistician.Structural engineer.

He can find out about all kinds of Surgeon.

jobs long before he spends two or Surveyor.

three years to discover that he Taxidermist.

likedoesn't them or that he isn't Teacher.Telegraph engineer. \

fitted for them. engineer. Telephone

The genius of getting on lies in rrt w Tester.

finding a worthy pursuit and goVeterinarian.Welfare worker, administrative.

ing to the top in it. Aptitude plus X-Ray operator.

enthusiasm plus vigorous, contin- [Continued on page 740] iWv - 4dlfiBt '

Tvjo tons and fourteen hundred pounds of Grasshoppers piled up ready to be burned.

Kjrasshoppers for Thanksgiving By Weston N. Nordgren

one of the curious results (GRASSHOPPERS this year, as birds, primed and juicy, will then and the Thanksgiving seaon go several dry result of the the in drought the 1931 ofAS comprobably markets, Christmas and in 1930 culminated sons MidWestern and Western as holiprice highest the the manding in drought severe 1931 by will persons more probablystates, their of delicacies, because over day spread States, have United Thanksgiving for grasshopperseat flavor. America, area a of Western large

before. Even ever than yearthis Western the Middle reaching from times, ancient of Indians plainsthe successthe has Oregon turkey proved to and states Utah HpHE pancakes, grasshopper theirwith attempt their grassin the the coast. Farmers on ful in war crisp and soup grasshoppertheir destruction, the since, unlike off complete scourge, to stave hopper could probably grasshoppers,dried crickets against relentless the devoured war sea gull which waged have hopper the in volume surpassnot enter will Various invasion. pitiless the turkeys days, pests'early of the today. Americans ofconsumption of grain, alfalfa or extermination field the for a of growing methods in included items other Among poitried, as the growth been hidden by have almost the plague and fare bill of the festivities onthe insects with the hoppers eat the by catch spraying will and bran, son

as things wagon such bewill as catching long them, continuing burning hundreds, the poison, clothing posts, and fencetongues, there as lasts, as scoops, and long or canvas as balloon daylight in them fiber convegetable of formsother turkey's the is them. in for turkeys on more fattening room grasshopthe previously bysumed disgorge not birds crop. do These their are, turkeys will Wherever turn, in hoppers, pers. The as food, retain insects, them but of the loss their are turning taowners Thanksgiving the served onbe season as the fattening them on hopthe through grain hay and rejoicing, and joy without ble, not

in the form of the domestic Amerpers to good account by fattening advances, and hunting them diliican turkey. the.birds on the insects. These gently from one field to another.

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 717

expert agriculturists, had the grasshoppers'eggs been destroyed before they had opportunity to hatch.

The old Rocky Mountain grasshoppers, so much sought by mountain fishers as trout bait, with their gray bodies and red legs, stay in one location most of their lives.

It is with the migratory or warrior type, which begins traveling a few hours after the eggs hatch, and never stops until death overtakes it, that the farmers have tc deal.

Dry, hot weather contributes to

Burning the Grasshoppers. the hatching of the eggs, and

drought causes the hoppers to conSometimes the birds range for fire, oil andother weapons as a gregate and live on whatever green miles, cleaning up the hoppers as means of exterminating the foe. or vegetable material they can sethey go; and lucky is the farmer Bonfires dot the devastated areas, cure, leaving desolation in their

who has enough turkeys to keep as the dead insects are cremated. wake. It is so this year; and parahis fields free of the plague. Appeals from town, county and sites have not developed, nor has

Recently, one man at Grantsstate organizations have reached man been able to prepare remedies, ville, Utah, was called upon to the Capitol, as political leaders exfast enough to remove the scourge aid in curbing the grasshopper evil ert their influence to appropriate before great damage has been done.

in Tooele county. He took his money to fight the scourge.

1500 birds, and driving them like The Secretary of Agriculture, than 1,200 persons ofsheep, and accompanying them as scheduled recently to speak at the M'OREUnion county, South Dakota, a herder with his sheep wagon, he Uintah Basin Industrial Convenwhere the crops are virtually dewent from field to field, clearing tion, at Ft. Duchesne, Utah, destroyed, met in a nonsectarian

the acres of hoppers and at the clared he would be unable to atmeeting at Elk Point, and sought same time feeding his flock, at no tend the fete, due to the fact that Divine help for deliverance from expense to anyone. He has had his presence was necessary in the grasshopper hordes, July 26, at

great success with his charges, and Northwest, where the farmers were precisely the same spot their foreis more and more in demand as being swamped by a new grassfathers had gathered 60 years ago farmers discover the effectiveness of hopper invasion. "In order to for the same reason. At about

the turkey as a weapon against the combat the drought and grasshopthe same date several stakes in hopping pests. per scourge in the Minneapolis, St. Utah called a special fast and

Not content with grain, potaPaul, Omaha and other mill cenprayer meeting for relief from the toes, corn, isquash, melons, fruit ters, permission was granted to the drought. In the latter case, within

and shade trees, and alfalfa, someChicago & Northwestern railroad a week rains cooled the atmosphere times the hoppers eat strange to make emergency rates (deducand brought moisture for thirsting things. Many unusual stories are tion) effective in intrastate traffic,"farms and joy and hope to the

told of the hoppers eating wagon beginning July 31, according to restruggling farmers. The results of

tongues, fence posts and clothing. ports from Chicago under that the former petition have not yet

"Around Buffalo, Neb., the farmdate. been made known. It is said that

ers made a feeble attempt to recoup The losses in the Plain States the hoppers are so thick on the some of their losses by scooping already have mounted to millions highways through Iowa, that up the dead hoppers, packing them of dollars, much of which could motorists must keep their radiators and selling them to fishermen for have been avoided, according to [Continued on page 748] bait at 20 cents a pound."

p)ISPATCHES from the Middle West state that science is pitting all its strength against the hordes of hoppers that have swept the states of Nebraska, Iowa, South

Dakota and Minnesota, leaving barren the producing agricultural districts. On the plains the farmers fight handto-hand with the

pests; airplanes drone overhead

dropping poison spray on the devouring insects; farm machinery of

all types is being converted into nBIl!9HHHUIHHHlBHHHnHIHHMMHHISm

vehicles of destruction to catch the hoppers. Poison bran vies with Canvas Balloon used to catch Grasshoppers.

Troubles

Illustrated by Mrs. Olive M. Nicholes

PAUL S. CLOWES

#i>$,:'J

Rabbit brush and mesqtxite bushes hem- [Editor's note: "Troubles"was like a phantom in the night. Yesdartedmed thethroughnarrowtheroad.salt grassGray -greenwith incredilizards

awarded the prize in our short, terday the branches had held up ble swiftness.

short story contest. Eight other their rich promises; today they

stories met with favor and the hung black and shrivelled in the judges have decided to offer special March sunshine. It was only other year fogged my vision and

lead.prizes to their authors. The prize where some venturesome soul had turned my heart to

winner in the contest open to aurisked his all in the smudgepots "Well,"he offered, laying a calthors whose stories have never apthat a few trees still held their early loused hand on my bowed head, peared in print cannot be anfreshness. "There's at least one man in the

nounced in this issue, owing to the A neighbor of mine on the country ain't shakin'his fist at unusually large number submitted.] "Bench,"came over to my little high heaven and cursin'his luck,

cabin and found me, chin in hands, and that's Gran'pa Free. Better

looking gloomily across at my borry my nag and ride over to see ruined orchards,—discouraged and him, Benton."

heartsick. spring had up, kid,"grumbled, he "Cheerbeen an early one, coaxing the out enough THE LOOMILY like this never "Frost comes G two inblossoms several the orchards until lay went. "Bench"The all I trees'll years runnin'. be Thethe hills, for miles, the river that miles above swept seemed girdled fer rest."better the year's a

by the delicate, warm bloom. Too its treacherous way through the red

soon the petals fell; too soon the "But this was the second bearsands. Beyond the bridge laysmall, green spheres grew larger ing,—my banner year. I've already "Hidden Springs Ranch."The

to written Alice and firmerand the the boy to road like came and—there

fall,"I argued. in the come onfrost. footfall a crimson From to Los La Verkin woundribbon,—everythrough the fieldsVegas the swift, white flame swept The thought of waiting for anof the mare's ponderous hoofs

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 719

sinking into the sand to the fetyear. I worked early and late.

locks. The wayside vegetation had The grain grew tall and green, then

not changed since that memorable the drouth came. I prayed, then

fist at theday when Erastus Snow's indomit- I cursed and shook my able caravan had halted on the brazen skies. The grain turned

crest of Lava Ridge and taken their brown and withered up, my horses wagons apart to let them down, died, and I had to give it up and piece by piece, over the ledges that move away. I thought that was

had dared to thwart his way. trouble; but it wasn't, it wasn't.

Rabbit brush and mesquite "The next year, we joined the bushes hemmed the narrow road. Church. People there were dreadGray-green lizards darted through ful set against us, so we decided to

the salt grass with incredible swiftcome out here where the others ness. The cerise blossoms of the had come. We were too anxious

cactus flaunted their silken sails to get away, overzealous I guess, in the vagrant breeze. Tulles and started late. You know about

crowded the sluggish streams to the the handcarts?"

brim, where hundreds of redwingHe stopped for a minute, and ed blackbirds dipped and soared. folded his paper.

I found the old gentleman on "It was a tragedy, my boy. God

the front veranda, reading his Gran'pa Free bless those brave women that keptmorning paper as though nothing us poor fellows up. Well,—winhad happened. Already a dozen "I have had but one,"he replied ter came. Many froze to death.

boys were raking up the rubbish in quietly, shading his eyes with a Every night I looked at my wife, the orchards or sowing sorghum hand that trembled a little. and babies, and prayed a selfish

if every family lost,cane seed in the freshly turned soil. I knew he meant to tell me of prayer,—that

The trees must be watered anyway that trouble, so I waited, drowsily I could save mine. One morning,and a thousand gallons of molasses watching the boys at work in the I uncovered my wife,—she was

sold in northern markets would orchard. frozen stiff. I guess I must have

bring no mean compensation. "When I was young like you, I gone mad."

I said. left home to get rich,—so

From Vermont I went to Kansas, looked off liE rose to meet me, taking my wife,—the sweetest Again he

waiting His stranger. a as though the road, I wasalthough all in down the woman world—with his waist, was to up. to comebeard, rippling for someone I years worked, and me. For two

as white as the blossoms of the worked hard. At last things "They buried her, my Bess, out

yucca that rings its waxen bells in seemed going fine. The farm there on the prairies,"chokingly,

the gardens of the wastelands. His promised abundant crops for that "and I left her, and came on with

eyes alert and kind were as blue as the babies.

the southern skies. Although well "Oh, my boy, I thought that

score three allotted his that greatestbeyond was trouble;—the unbowed he stood ten but being;years and could come to a human

by time. He was of that rare it wasn't, no; comparatively it

old type that retains its freshness wasn't trouble at all.

and geniality in spite of age. He Then I settled on this farm.

reminded one of a solitary flower It was miles from folks; but I

in a frosted garden; all didn't care. With my two boys,

ten, his youthful twelve and Royaround him was of tottered out somethingcompanions with—AlexI tried to make

the childishness of withit. Sometimes the crop

ering manhood, while he went; sometimes the river

remained clear of eye and took out our dams; but I

tbrain. didn't w o r r y,—t h a

"Quite a frost,"he wasn't trouble.

said, taking my hand. "One day we left our

worst trouble "The was a b a b y-g 1,—she I returncan have,"man take used to eight. Wei r

ed. "So much depends on her with us, most of the

making a living."time; but that day I

He laid a gentle hand thought it was too hot, on my shoulder. "Don't and sent her back. She

say that, my boy; you begged to come, but 1

don't know what trouble wouldn't let her. She

is. went back all right, and

"No; that is true. You we went about a mile up

he see kid,"her up, "Cheer I could road. the have so much, had

never "Frost grumbled. but playing; the yard in lived you years this like comes twowho—since her. I forgot soon pretty be thanlonger all trees'll runnin'. be The I,—canhave

the better judge."the better for a year's rest."[Continued on page 741]

<-A lite*

0/ Martha By Ivy Williams Stone

Illustrations by Paul S. Clowes

Chapter Three

a year was almost every decorated with gourd was after Gloria'si Tmarriage before scenes. her finely sketched were There

father acknowledged the news. trek wagons, drawn by many oxEven then his message was brief: en. There was a fording scene,

"Tell my little girl I am sending hei with a wagon half tipped. There

a strange wedding gift. She is to keep were native women washing at the

them always. The dirt diggings for river; kafirs in full war array,

get larger larger. diamonds and Regular spears. with shields and One

rich to get quickly mines. I hope "Oh, no,"she cried, "I don't caught, now."showed because a monkey,

I cut. shall keep want them them could he his sugarfilled pull not

letter, all like his This previous are. as always. Just they the The hole tiny from a in squash. pawones, opened. been had KirkThe seeds grow, not would anyway. Gloria at the laughed the grimace

it family useman was knew now It is cold here."too artist from Thus the had made on wizened less to for safe the hope passage the she time she twenty guardface. was tipped the you gourds When of Considering money. the varigift the ed father. the from to end, seeds rattled, the end from The ous it travel, of means strange was gourds were the placed a on whatqueer, producing hollow sound.

letters that the ever got through in the not parlor. marvelous They

all. at When the gift arrived, it proved GLORIA felt an un wereitor alike,examinedand bybecamenativea andsymbolvisto be a halfopen crate that need explainable thrill as she unpacked of the father who never came with not be opened for inspection. It this gift. A symbol of her childthe fortune in diamonds which he

was legibly marked that it conhood, it must contain some hidden had predicted.

—valuetained twelvenothing.ornamentalThey hadgourdsbeen greatmeaning,care forhad itbeenwasusedevidentupon thatthe

picked from the luxuriant vines engravings. And how the seeds TiHE gourds and the

that Margaret Kirkman rememrattled! whatnot stood between the glassbered having grown about their "Let's cut one of 'em open and domed wax flowers and the Frankold home. The natural smooth see what it's like inside,"Rodney lin stove. The big square piano

surface had been carved with native Whitman was always inquisitive filled a generous space. A store

scenes. The handles of some were and he reached for his knife as carpet covered the entire floor, the

queerly twisted, some were straight, he spoke, but Gloria drew her straw under it creaking as you some made a complete circle. But gourds quickly away. stepped carefully over the red roses.

120$&;

As a wedding gift, Jonas had given trivial incidents of every day life Lott Gascom's shifting eyes drew together in a heavy scowl a her Jonas when marvelous luxury, a new worried lived him. in an exHe

called Whitman the upon next him mornlilacs hanging lamp, with painted alted atmosphere, incapable of ing, ordered and his him cows. to move shade. the it on pulled You down stooping bickerings. to small In

to trim the wick and replenish the all his leisure moments he either oil, and pushed it up after lightstudied law or wrote poetry. He trusted implicitly to their honor

ing. Its soft rays reached all cordid not care to know when his to carry them out. He was often

ners of the room. A white bear two children quarreled. He was sadly disappoined, but more often,

skin rug lay before the Franklin impatient with little Anna, whose never learned of the results. He

stove, and a musical album that malady baffled him. She defied was frequently away from home,

played "Coming Through the discipline, played perilously on the making long trips to his saw mill,

Rye"decorated a marbletopped banks of creeks, or between the another to his store in the town, table. Everlasting daisies in carved feet of horses. She did not know forty miles away. When the sawwooden vases filled each corner. It or understand fear, and rushed mill broke down, the men lounged

was a room of wonders, but they blindly to the aid of her pets or around on full pay. While at the

were inherited. Only the gourds any afflicted animal. Jonas exsawmill, his store was robbed.

really exclusively belonged to pected meals to be cooked whether While away from the farm, the

Gloria. the wood box was full or empty. water was run too long on one

She soon learned that the viFrom his visionary dreams he was piece of grain, while another field sionary, dreamy expression of incapable of reaching down to the scorched.

Jonas'eyes was indicative of his daily routine and everyday tasks disposition and temperament. He which had to be performed in the

planned built for tomorrow; for home. issued orders He to bis his saw that GirLORIA future generations. petty, The his son and employees, then he clothes never lacked buttons; that

722 The Improvement Era for October, 1931 his linen was never scorched in the the well and carried to the reserGloria rose at five and labored ironing; that his socks which were voir on the rear of the stove. Wood until ten. She rejoiced that she

now store made, never had a hole. had to be cut; cows had to be had strength to serve Jonas, to

Jonas accepted her ministrations milked. The milk was kept in an make little comforts possible, to

gratefully. It was wonderful to outdoor cellar, so the cream could act as his bulwark against the contransfer the burden of homemak- rise for the semiweekly churning. tinuous press of petty annoyances.

ing to willing shoulders. How she There were always hired men, nevShe felt that the children would

obtained the water which washed er late for meals. Mixing bread eventually come to appreciate the

his linens was not his worry. was a daily ritual. In spite of comforts which she added to the

There was a good well and a good the fact that it was painted, the home. She felt that Rodney would

boy. How she procured the wood kitchen floor contained many become ashamed when she cut

which heated the irons which she grease spots. wood rather than ask him. She

used on his linens was not his felt that before long he would of carrying the necessity appreciate in the wasproblem. There wood roses had moss lHE for her. of water the heavy buckets wagons, horses andnearby hills, the neglect. of Some suffered from

idle men and axes. glass was broken in the conservahis regarded Whitman Rodney Pelily in the center spring little tory. pond The Tk.HAT concern. with small mothernew brought overgrown His coming the of was lawn with ter was born.

His own mother having been too weeds. Little Anna would wannew duties to Gloria, but his dimill to trace his movements, he had der off into the nearby hills, stayples and smiles were a compensalived much upon his own resources ing for hours, ignoring Gloria's tion. Anna considered him a new

and supplied his own pastimes. If frantic calls. The fluting irons pet, and her affections became a

he did the tasks which his father required a skill exceeding that of menace. And Gloria, looking at

allotted, there was no comment. knitting. Washing on a board this marvelous creation, her first

If he ignored the orders, there was consumed many hours. Pigs were child, saw in him the power of

no punishment. He did not like forever breaking into the fields. vision, like his father; the lank,

to cut wood, much preferring to During the years of his widowersinewy body of her brothers, and read the numerous books which hood, Jonas'home had been wastethe curl of her own hair in a dark he found in the library. Rodney fully managed. Gloria found half brown shade. Every night she

disliked the farm, longed to live sacks of flour, abandoned and disknelt and prayed:

in town and run the store, hated carded. A barrel of dried fruit "God give my child his father's

the isolation of the saw mill. Rehad gone wormy. Sacks of rice brains and my energy."

sults always seemed to require too and sego had become the home of On Saturday night, Jonas lookmuch effort. Withal he was mice. Anna had carried fruit and ed more than usually preoccupied.

bright, inoffensive and tolerant. sugar to her play house at the "If you will all attend,"he anHis secret hopes were to possess a creek's edge. The uneaten portion nounced as the family assembled

store of his own. of every meal had been thrown to for supper. Instantly they were

the dogs, who were over surfeited all attention. '"My half slister,

Jbi E had early learned and lazy. Gloria thought of the Catherine Peesley and daughter are

to conceal all unpleasant truths years of poverty which she and coming here from England. She

from his father. Before Gloria came, her family had endured. She looked is a widow. They have had a

the dishes could remain unwashed, at the ruined flour and remembered bare existence since the Civil War and there had been no one to make the time she had given her mother closed so many cotton mills. They

him carry water. The bread could the last slice of bread. She tried will make their home with us."

go unbaked, and there had been no to tell the story to the children, "Two more women!"moaned

one able to make him cut wood. but Rodney began to read and litRodney.

without subsist could family The tle Anna looked vacant and unCather- of announcement The pasture to had if he butter, the comprehending. followed soon was ine's coming ingrato learned had cows. He plump, arrival. was!She her by good father's his into tiate himself was head placid. Her short and

graces. crowned by an immense twist of

The library contained many brown hair, her fat, dimpled hands made which books, marvelous that smooth white and were so the hours necesGloria begrudge not done they had Gloria knew tasks. There household for sary mill. She a cotton work in betmuch histories, and the poetry were role of the assumed immediately

ter novels of the period. Roe's "star guest,"and it was evident

stirring romances of country life that her daughter Victoria waited in America; Ouida's novels of upon her mother's slightest whim.

French and English wartime;

Shakespeare's complete works.

Mark Twain's tales were coming Victoria, beautiful in, too, and Rodney owned a in her well molded features, lovable leather bound copy of "The Prince in her quiet disposition, pulsing and the Pauper."with youth, had no chance for self

Water had to be drawn from [Continued on page 750]..:....:,......-.-....;. -.:.::.:..:..::.::;;:--::::.:;:-.::::,:.'

:.:'. s::::::...:

f 4 "'* * m- The farm work was doubled with the plowing and then trebled as Carl worked to get his crops in.

The

LJ nfinished

By RUTH M. MARSHALL

small village was typically pioneer. It was Paula T,HE built mostly of reddish gray fieldrock or handhewn logs and

though the days of the pioneers were long past, the buildings still

Illustrated by possessed a strength of purpose, a simplicity and an immeasurable courage known only to pioneers who pit their strength against

PAUL S. CLOWES new country.

The one main street of the village was lined with symmetrical rows of boxelder, ash and lombardy poplars, while over their 724 The Improvement Era for October, 1931

roots ran streams of cold mountain eastern home for a more restful one tiful, but they were regular and water. From the houses the fields, in this peaceful valley. His friend, showed depth of character. The

undulant with new grain, ran to Stephen Howard, was a famous man was several inches taller than the closely circling hills. doctor who was paying a long the girl. His features were strong

It was a restful place. The promised visit. and rather rugged, and he moved

houses had grown old harboring John moved lazily to the low with the ease of one whose mussturdy, Godserving, homeloving stone wall surrounding the church. cles were welltrained by outdoor

people, whose personalities seemed He looked back laughingly at his work.

reflected in every stick and stone. friend. "Mrs. Polster, may I present a

The yards were welltended "I should like to know just very dear friend of mine from New tangles of lawn, honeysuckle, moss why I am dragged away from a York, Dr. Howard."

roses and hollyhocks, while later pleasant Sunday morning postThe girl shook hands with a in the summer marigolds and breakfast nap to sit on an uncomshy smile.

zinnias stone wall."would add brilliant color fortable o w a "And Dr. H r d—Carl to the gardens. Doctor It wasi are people young These Howard who Polster.

is in usual villages small the As spoke. here, I out have friends best the

real church the heart was the hurry, of in such a be "O, don't save frequently my Steve. They

it place. people friend. replied his Steve,"with went "One To and chicken fried gifts of life with their there sorrows, leisurely learns and to the take small things

celebrations were held. here."fresh strawberries."

'Yes, I suppose so. I begin to Just then the quiet notes of an and church the from came organ see this place holds you, why the young particular village iHIS words few more with a the John, things you wonder No building.church seemed to have the into a benign and hurried couple are best are writing the you nowpatriarchal attitude. a It was

is ever have done. place This

small, boxlike building the of nearer the of life than real meaning turned HOWARD Dr.usual reddishgray its stone, but I've ever seen."anything was but he again, to the carraw color had faded to a restful

friend. Gray."Mr. morning, his "Good of the hand by stoppedgray. filled windows, The which in turned couple had young A I promminutes. a few sides,both high, "Wait were deepset and to be at the gate waiting were and your worth be it will isesmallpaned. that the front But door recognized John. byof the while."church was caught what the

feet shook his to and sprang He wall stone the sat oneyes they the of passerby. So builder The

girl then first the and with hands, waiting.had understood the beauty of

sheer simplicity. The door itself, with the man. Suddenly t h e inexperienced

the frame with its spreading fancountry organist played the openlight above, might have come from I HE girl was a little ing bars of Handel's mighty some dignified New England above average height with beautiLargo.

church. The wood had been rubfully shaped shoulders and a full Dr. Howard looked inquiringly

bed until it had a soft satiny finish, deep chest. Her skin was burned a at his friend.

and it was surprisingly beautiful creamy brown by the spring wind "Wait."

in its setting of rough stone. and sun, and above the tint of her Then a woman's voice took up

As the sun reached the tops of neck and face her hair was oddly the beautiful melody.

the dark pine trees, the bell in its golden. Except for her eyes, "Lord in Heav'n above, who

steeple commenced to ring with a which were as blue as a delphiruleth us,deep, musical note that reverbernium, fier features were not beauGiver of all blessings—

ated throughout the valley. Soon

the villagers entering the were wide a like was T!HE voicedoor. cars Small being were

it was At times mountain stream. outsideparked the fence stone low and powerful clear—vital evenand Then over all obstacles. a horse and buggy was—leapingcrystalseen approaching.

As the last stragglers entered the it would soften to the sound of a building an expensive looking car quiet brook rippling over smooth drew up before the church and two stones where children loved to play.men climbed were from it. They Dr. Howard sat with tense musal- past middleage,both and

cles. though one was roughly dressed, mercy "Asking Thy signs greater of a showedboth faith, In loving O God, insophistication usual than was faith."In loving

that particular community. There was no sound as the last

tender note, almost a whisper,

TtHE roughly dressed man died away. The whole world

was John Gray, a wellknown The Author and seemed hushed after that perfect writer. Two years before, feeling the Doctor song.

the need of solitude, he had left his "Who?"

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 725

"Paula Polster, the girl you just The last rays of the sun struck "From my grandfather. He

met."her head and shoulders and outbrought it with him from his old "But that voice—lined them with gold against the home. When I was little I loved

"Comes to her from deepdark trees which stood behind her. to hear him tell of the hard time

chested, fullthroated ancestors he had bringing it clear out here.

whose race has always worshipped But he said he couldn't bear to thought Dr. HOWARD music."leave it behind. have It would of as her she in a look year would "But, John, she shouldn't be been like deserting one of his famif or she two accepted his plan. here. haven't you sent her ily."Why She would walk the stage on with east where her voice will be heard your grandfather "Did play?"that ease same grace thrill and and and appreciated?"yes. "Oh, That is another others with her as glorious voice

it isn't you think "Do of apprechildhood. I even my she had thrilled him. memory

ciated here? liked to She sings every practice. hear Sunhim His But John thought, Gray with I fingers day morning ran and don't believe so up and down sadness, of the breaking this of up will you find smoothly. appreciative a more But he really when

perfect partnership of Carl and audience I anywhere in to crawl played used the the world. under

Maybe they don't understand the Paula. Yet this chance had been piano and sit in the corner just bound to come to her sometime, music she sings, is all that but the loving music."the and it was as well as later. now more reason are they he why "Did comteach you to sing?"

pletely carried away by the beauty "It's nice of you to visit us so "Yes. He had been a teacher

of it and of her voice."soon."Paula offered her hand to in the days before he came to this

each of the men. "Carl will be country. little had a He "But at book most only or three two

here in a moment. He is shutting with all the pictures names and hundred people can hear her, while

in New York or Chicago thouup the chickens."of the famous people he had

sands could be thrilled with her known and taught. He used to

music."his eyes and hold it sometimes the into the way HE led look far away. he would Then "But, you're forgetting in your house through the cheerful kitchen.

play, but the music would zeal that—The living room was in the old would

sad."be "Oh, soft and no, I'm not. Every part of the house. ceiling The was always

, "Is he dead?"craves woman the things pleasantly which low, the and deep winthat girl's voice would bring her?"dows testified to the thickness of "He died five years ago, when

"I'm not so sure of that, in this the stone walls. Across one end I was nineteen."

case, Steve. Carl and Paula have of the simply furnished room was She stopped abruptly and turned

been married only a year, and you a large fireplace, which was banked to the door as her husband came could see the happiness they have now with sprays of white lilac. in.

found in each other."Here and there a bright pillow

But it was settled, finally, that or a bowl gave a touch of color J,OHN GRAY, looking

John and his friend should make and cheerfulness. at them, thought as he had often

a tripjDut to the Polster farm that But Dr. Howard's eyes went at thought before, what a perfect

once to the evening. couple old square they piano descendwhich were—true

filled one corner of the ants of race. a great room. He

C<ARL POLSTER'S yzllowwalked overkeys togently.it and touchedThe notesthe his Carlwife'sstoodshoulderwith ashis hehandgreetedon

farmhouse stood on a small hill they gave back to him were melthe men.

his acres from which welltended low rich and Dr. age. with turned to Howard him. rolled all in directions. smoothly "I was to about ask wife this your did "Where come from, part of theOne house stone, of was if she sing for would Mrs. It's Polster? me. a I heard beautiful recentlybut two more had rooms her in this church thing."morning."been added. the mixture of The

sat Paula So at Dr. the old laid his down Howard on handold the and a delightful made new

homey combination. the dark, polished top as he spoke. piano and, without music, played

and sang until his eyes, too, looked

As Dr. Howard saw the farm far away and he forgot everything

for the first time, he wondered, but the divine beauty of her voice.

for just a second if it were right She sang the songs of Schubert, theseto separate people. two young that most beautiful of songall, it afterBecause, that is what makers, and singing finished by

would mean. a plaintive little melody that was

The visitors received no answer a folksong from her grandfather's after knocking at the front door, country.

so they took the neatly gravelled As she turned from the piano path to the back of the house. Dr. Howard said,

Paula was coming toward them "Mrs. Polster, have you everwith a pan of eggs she had just thought of going east to sing?"

gathered. Seeing the men she hurJohn noticed the quick fear that

ried forward. leapt into Carl's eyes.

726 The Improvement Era for October, 1931

But Paula only laughed a little Loving her home with all her sides beautifully. It was an art

and said, intense nature, Paula was desperwith which his ancestors had been "But I don't sing that well."ately homesick at first, but gradfamiliar and Carl had skillfully

scene which her a mountain full of reproduced letters became her I bring ually do. had John "Yes you

filling loved. was the He they had with studying She was work. sole purpose the here for outme he nuts from nutmeats and it with the country, in teacher greatest I that convincing you knowof

squares delicious gathered and that had foundation the praised he had if I couldn't to see do, andyou the sugar. In maple laid. of crumbly He had grandfather her helping in services youoffer my wrist a tiny placed center he very she would a year that in thought It an career. bestart would your

honor."be ready. In the meantime, she watch which he had ordered from

city. takthe exercising and practising, was in here my so happy I'm "But art. dramatic in lessons ing cost it would Carl, and withhome Carrel, that wrote as Howard Dr. JLjIS moistened eyes away. to And goso money much enthuunusually teacher, was the to John. spoke he will people that I sure be canhow sucher of certain siastic was and something of tried think to "I sing I love to hear me. like to about to worry not cess. Carl was of her home that remind would enjoy they because friends for my that pay could Paula money. the is I do."could the best this and everyfor sing I it, couldn't but season. first her back it her homemake won't "Butbody."

"But I feel this way, Mrs. Polsick, Carl? She had so much fun

last year helping with the nuts and ster. You aren't fair to the people Thanksgiving

in the world who love music, unpassed and Christmas drew near. making the candy."

less you give them the opportunity The village was as busy as an ant- "I don't think so. From her

of listening to you. Your voice hill. Groups of young people were letter today she is far from homeis almost perfectly trained now decorating the church with eversick. But, John, you know how

I feel. but not her home, I want Christcandles. Huge and!man the who can greens and il know

to she have at the price would from dragged down were mas trees grandfather the finish your work is her over She for coming. pay could children mountains. The is this what the started. know You

is thrilled homesickness and glee. now their And contain hardly for you."wished he would have

over it all hung the delicious frawith the progress she is making.

grance of slowlybaking fruit She is already talking of her first

PAULA looked at Carl, cakes, popcorn and roasting turgrand appearance next fall and trybut the very strength of his wish keys. ing to make me promise that I to keep her with him kept him Just a week before Christmas will be there—as if anything could

from speaking. John visited the Polster farm to keep me away."

She turned helplessly to John. find Carl packing a box for Paula. "How would it be if we went

"What shall I do?"He had made the small box himtogether, Carl. I wouldn't miss

"I can't help you, Paula. It's self and had carved the top and it either?"

your own problem. But I blame And Carl, who had been rather

myself that I haven't warned you. dreading his first visit east, was

Carl and I have both seen this glad to accept John's thoughtful coming."offer.

When the two city men left late that night nothing had been detwo men had at promised Paula had cided, but toplanned to THEspend Christmas sugHoward's consider Dr. least to

gether, so early on that glittering gestion. to the out drove morning John to one a long night was The Polster decorated farm. Carl had

felt the burden Gray. He John as the were house Paula though placed been had decision which of

it. to placed coming enjoy had He silently suffered Paula and upon a tree fireplace the Christmas by if things that Carl. knew He with in living the standing and room friends his for two wrong went tree delismall, the a under was himself. blame always he would cately table carved he had which message a came morning With eyes for sparkled His John. made decided she that had Paula from real pleasure the as he with saw wished. as Dr. to Howard do

his appreciation friend which with viewed the gift, John had brought 1HE weeks following him copies of two of Henry C.

Paula's departure were full of selfWilliamson's books.

blame to John as he watched Carl Paula had sent a box which congo about his work halfheartedly. tained a set of strong, delicate

Paula wrote to him every week, knives for carving for Carl, a pen and these letters he took to Carl and pencil set for John, and she to read. But Carl didn't offer had filled the corners with little

his letters to the older man. [Continued on page 758]

Glancing Through Brief Summary of Magazine Articles*

By ELSIE T. BRANDLEY

Jones—His Mother, and on. If a Nobel prizewinner forgets

His Wife to mention his mother, the reception committee, the publicity agent, the newspaper reporter or someone else

By SIMEON STUNSKY will remind him to speak of her. And

{Atlantic Monthly for August, 1931) newspapersit has even beenthat hintedEinsteinin discoveredAmerican

Relativity for the sake of his womenglimpse a little of what the folks.

age machine in has the done these Given amiable it lunacies,TO crushing of America's way cannot be denied the that idea needs finer feelings, cannot do we the touch the of lighter satirists which better than to turn the telegraph comhas been it; bestowed upon and who panies consider the large and stock of can object to the pleasant suggestion messages form they which have on of the to humorist effect the that hand, of people can means which by

is Mother's connected Day the with send messages slightest the without Florists'Association the and candy degree of exertion. mental companies, just is as Father's not Day

If Jones, for example, thinks of frowned upon by the necktie manuthe approach of Mother's Day (which facturers the Old Home Week finds he needn't do, of himself, for the no enemies among the railroads and telegraph companies, greeting card bus companies. But, joking aside, it

people, florists and others have been is quite reasonable that thoughtful reminding him of it in flaunting ads) persons should wonder why Americans he phones the company to wire form make more fuss of their mothers and pulsating all that message of wives than other nations. do 18—the The Writing a task be to these may his blessings, is his the greatmother answer that might 9 be out every of patrons, gift free, for the easy of exest. Simultaneously Jones'daughter, 10 in women America their do own is pression to not given everyone. is at school, wiringaway form home housework, thus keeping their families is reticence Emotional almost univer19, in salutes she the which most closer to than them would otherwise sal, a fact the upon which Western precious of mother. case. be the In England 8 of out people—her idea Postal of standardized messages every occasion every For requiring expresfamilies 10 with of incomes is based, their to it credit and must sions affection, regret, love, of a conyear a $2500 keep servant to whom said that be parents rechildren and

dolence, gaiety, gravity or sentimenthe of care much the of is children ceive declarations love of devoand tality, is the telegraph delegated, sparcompany while in America the mother tion, via the formula, which would ing the gives citizen the the painful American children personal care unexpressed go otherwise. People

necessity (arranging ten fifty of bathing to them, reading to them and won't write, always that but theywords. putting them to bed. American The is can write proven the missives by

child sees great a its deal is It ill a pitiful fact, of more for boding in which appear court time to from mother than does thethe spiritual child intellectual European and integrity in time, lovesick which persons have, of class. the same in thisof a And, this nation, councanning of heart their to set sorrow, incredibly down

try, a child leaves its isthrobs. It like who the mother professional sentimentalities. banal fifty years And

for the is schoolroom likelyletter to writers have of the Orient. the and before Americans were standardized

a teacher, insteadfar east, woman a of sit "masin the place who market into telegraphic messages, form people ter."a for priceand guess inarticulate what did write letters to another. one

tomothers their say to sons, want and Another phase of standardization respect national The for women to theirwives it husbands, say and in America, one a has which has challenged basis sound in sociology andfor at them; that they and are as not the wonder analysis and visitors of economics, besides, there and are twofar original the from as away source to is country, our the million "mothercult,"more males in than females

are the composers of Postal's Western the widespread consideration the States. for the United the country Whenform expressing 55, to love someone fills the of country. is It women the up an and is surplus male cutthey seen never have from someone code American that every prizefighter down; when America richer grows

else they seen. have never whom The goes into the ring for the wife nurses and and governesses and take overone is great difference that the patrons kiddies; that the the inspiration same training children, of there will

of the public scribe cannot read nor the prompts bacteriologist his in 'perhaps, search a in come change the counwrite, the while patrons of 55 form for organisms, the try's aviator and his in attitude toward women. Butcan both, do being educated enand attempt to break altitude the is so it record. as it long is, the what Ameritirely capable. If these are it is unmarried, men can then will delight in telling man the

the old in the mother whitewashed American his woman chosen so—in *Used by permission of publishers. cottage at has spurred them home who way. He flowers, it with may say

728 The Improvement Era for October, 1931 telegram or candy; he may have been thing European customs men would Scents That Make Dollars

the taxi doing. of think And never Western the andreminded by the ads HAMBIDGE By GOVE Material, lovely? that Isn't the urge is warm! but Union, TelegraphPostal August, 1931) Work for are (World's Paris London and perhaps, butis his own.

) 5 material too, and it is nice to be in advertising agency not long agoJust Back From "Paradise a warm atmosphere of American maANsent out a questionnaire in which terialism. And then the drink questhey asked a great many people to list

By FRANCES CRANE tion! Of course there isn't much to what to them were the world's most

that in America, of in favor said the odors. Reversing objectionable (Forum for August, 1931) be

else. is there anywhere neither but which gave order of the classification,

is that funny about the matter of fact something The first, the followunpleasant it the mostTHERE'S practice a general among became a patriot, become for it has the way I ing lists were made up:

was under conditions which really Americans to complain about everymight be expected to create the most thing American. One asked me if 44 Odors in Order of their

howling sort of expatriot. I was I didn't find Christmas at home Popularity

living abroad, without the slightest dreadful, and then admitted that the With Men With Women idea of being a patriot. I was in only Christmas he had spent abroad

London, not even trying to be a pawas on top of an English bus, in the 1. Pine Rose and lilyof-

thevalley to effort all rain. my triot—it Lilac 2. Lilac and pine one at suddenly nobody but I like home, it here try to keep requiredwarm—but 3. Balsam Rose a I so, everyand say I was in a flash, I knew believes when evening, me Coffee 4. Violet saying for is disappointed patriot. in me one Strawberry Coffee 5.

It happened at a meeting of the so when I've had three good years 6. Cedai and Raspberry

Fabian Society, where hundreds of abroad in which to become an exbalsam us had assembled to become edified patriot. Can't I find fault with things 7. Wintergreen Violet

through listening to a woman deliver here? What about racketeering? 8. Peppermint Cedar

a lecture on a subject entirely foreign Well, of course, we didn't invent that. and lilyof-

valley the the about old game. It's an What to scheduled she subject was to the

Pineapple 9. Chocolate the depression? question; and crime even surprised have discuss. She must and vanilla Apple Carnation to 10. able course, be Well, of might we talk to began little she a herself when Wintergreen, 11. Orange if had crime problem solve our we been had S. She the A. U. about chocolate, and

to New York, you see, and so knew the London police force, fbr you carnation all about America. doubtless know that if everyone in 12. Strawberry Orange and

'First she began to talk about the London stayed indoors except the pocinnamon mistakes made in and by the United licemen, the streets wo.uld be thronged 13. Vanilla Lavendar

States; about the criminal courts and with a dense, navyblue crowd. And 14. Raspberry Clove and peppermint has depression, for had England atas the to were they susceptiblehow

15. Pineapple Peach else since 1914. nothing there, and out murderesses tractive

maple Lemon Lemon, I like to agreeable, so 16. be do But the murderin case which in one how tobacco and start I'd harking back better perhaps the fascinating, particularly ess was Grape 17. and Lavender

Paradise, the for people joys of on verdict "not the read foreman jury menthol it. to expect seem pristhe for asked then and guilty"Canteloupe Canteloupe 18.

oner's telephone number. and cinnamon

That case might have been true, 19. Peach Peach

but this audience seemed to take it 20. Grape Tea

so seriously, and to consider it so 21. Witchhazel Jasmine and

typical of all legal procedure in the and heliotrope heliotrope 22. Honey Camphor suddenly myself States, that I found Menthol and Alcohol like 23. little things It's patriot. turning nutmeg

that which makes patriots. I heard 24. Cider Witchhazel and

another woman say that an article in honey the London Times, pointing out the 25. Clove Caraway

differences between the Al Smith and 26. Camphor Cider

the Hoover families, did the same 27. Nutmeg Alcohol

thing to her. Another American 28. Smoked meat Sage

jasmine and because patriot, a into friend made was Caraway and Tar the King 29. at ball which at a big game tar

was guest of honor, fourthirty p. m. 30. Tea Tobacco

arrived just at the beginning of the 31. Sarsaparilla Smoked meats and

ninth inning, and the score was tied; sauerkraut

and the King, with all dignity, arose 32. Sage Sarsaparilla

and left the game to get his tea! 33. Sauerkraut Charred wood

It is very comfortable to be a patriot 34. Gasoline Gasoline and

vinegar a get you abroad, and you're when 35 Onion Onion it. But satisfaction deal from of great Turpentine 36. Fish

it is thing about disquieting a there Charred wood 37 Turpentine afterward. When you come back to 38 Fish and Kerosene

America, everyone seems to expect you vinegar to turn immediately into an expatriot. 39 Olive oil Olive oil

I know they do, for they have asked 40 Kerosene Rubber me, in bored voices, as soon as I have 41 Rubber, Lard stepped off the boat, if I don't find 42 Lard Garlic it pretty bad to be back. And I 43 Garlic Perspiration

shift baggage, a [Continued on page 731] don't.nice—heTheevencustomshelps man is awfully 44 Perspiration

in theBeauty Home By LUTIE H. FRYER

Professor of Home Economics University of Utah

\300d 1 aste

Editors'note: This is the first of a

series of articles by Mrs. Fryer.

An example of an object well suited to its purpose.

This is a mere statement of a cat to innate love for be used as a door stop.WOMAN'Sthe beautiful is finding

new expression in the for that reason must not be conhome. Never before in the history fused with individual preference or

of the world has there been such fancy. All such problems as the

keen interest shown in Interior Decselection of floor coverings, wall oration. paper, draperies, furniture, pictures,

The reception hall no longer is and other objects used in the house a place for wraps and ummerely the application solved be can by its is place fast brellas, taking but art principles to the fundamental the of to introductionas a fitting structure of objects the and their home. The gloomy parlor, used decoration.

only when company came, has become the living room which is really In these articles which are to livable. Bedrooms are evolving incompose a course in Interior Decoto expressions of individuality. ration, we shall analyse these fundaColor has invaded the kitchen and mental art principles which lie at

bathroom and is transforming them the root of all the furnishing and into places of beauty. beautifying of the home. This

There is no mystic secret in the creating of a beautiful environment producing of beautiful interiors. It is called "Interior Decoration,"or

is merely a problem of good taste. "Interior Design,"and is by no

Unfortunately very few people are Two cats somewhat conventionalized to be means the result of guess work. It

born with this rare gift but it is used as book ends. 1 is secured by the application of five

comforting and encouraging to definite principles of design, which know that it can be acquired through of every home to set high standards are proportion, balance, harmony, a little study. of beauty. This is becoming recogrhythm, and emphasis.

nized and there is a growing demand Before we discuss the fundamental help the that will for information design, principles it will be necesof is the largely by molded npASTE a more design. maker to become to for us insary understand home one, things surround and which

the family taste is trained bv the many telligent buyer and to teach her how hand has already she on use to what been in have the which objects home sake Is the advantage. best For Design? to the What While the homemaker. purchased by

is it of beauty, as as well of economy to scientific been has made study no in expressed design, whether /"OOD every that importance greatest the effect decoration the the of determine a piece chair a taste. of building, or a express good should home health, tempers, moods, a of on room qualities and pottery, enduring has efthe yet wellbeing general and the fad or of fashion outlast the will

is to be not surroundings fect our of Is is Taste? the orderly design meant hour. Good By What chilespecially where underestimated, used, materials the of arrangement are children for concerned, are dren is art, field of the in taste, finished in the beauty /OOD producing thus easare impressionable and pliable and -* principles the of application of kind's the are two There product. better the affected. Adults ily m2y decorative. beauty where problem and to any design of designs—structural they, even but environment withstand

is design taste the made design Structural considered. Good are utility and It influenced. are extent, a certain to of oban general shape size the and and by emotion on not reason, is based on obligation religious is, the therefore,

730 The Improvement Era for October, 1931

ject while decorative design the means 3. The proportions should be intersurface enrichment the of structural esting.

design through the addition of lines, color, or materials. 4. It must be suited to the material

Structural design is far more imporfrom which it is made.

tant than decorative design because it is essential to every object, while decDecorative Design orative design be termed may the "luxury"of design. XTOW we are ready to think of the

other type of design—that is,

Good Structural Design beautydesign. ofTo ornamenttranslate thisor intodecorativesimpler

terms, say that decorative we may can recognize how we good "J"OW design simply to means make more structural design see when we this beautiful structure that have we it? is It to well ask oneself folthe been talking about. The decorative design on this plate is

of more importance than structural design. It is also too realistic.

The second quality to notice is its beauty of outline or contour. Is your

chair, cup, or vase simple and graceful in outline, or is it fussy and disturbing?

The next point to look for in determining beauty of structure is proportion. This is a most important

point and one which will take a whole lesson to discuss. Suffice it to say here

inexpensive saucer cup whereand An that the chair which measures the same is in less decoration important than distance floor the from to seat as the structure. decorative The design this on cup and seat the from to the top the of back saucer has been conventionalized, and

is as interesting not as a chair with emphasizes structural design. place flowers a bouquet of When we proportions. unequal Objects that

in the center the table, of dining we to appear be divided into equal parts are using decorative design. we When lowing questions before passing judglack interest. certain a

at curtains the put are window, we Is ment. the object suited its to purfourth thing The to is look for using decorative design. there Now, pose? example, For does chocoyour suitability of material. This means, are the use laws decogovern which of late or pot pitcher a have steady good is object your of material made which rative just design there as the same it base, or it does as look though were is rightly used for that purpose? Pilare laws help to us which good know tip going to easily over the send and lows are which to be used rest to the structural design. contents flooding across the table? head should on not be ostrich of made it it well Does drip pour does or all, First of that sure make the obat plumes or beautiful velvets. Fly swatlip? Is the the handle comfortable is ject is to which be decorated ters worthy should not be buttonholed around to take of? hold of decoration. tin plate rolling a or the edge or A embroidered in yarns.

Is the chair that you are contemplatpin needs no decoration.

ing buying comfortable to sit in, or does it have an ornament or a curve The second point is that decoration that sticks into your back at the wrong should be used in moderation. It

should be less important than strucchair is perfectly place? A lounging

ture. comfortable as such, when used but the

most luxurious easy chair in the world Another quality to remember is is unsuitable for a dining chair. The decoration should accent structure.

Now, that seems a simple phase, but it is full of possibilities for mistakes.

When we place a square doily cat-a- cornered on a square table, we have placed our decoration contrary to the

A cream pitcher which is too ornate in structural design, and would be impossible to keep clean.

pitcher too realistic to be A cream figure naturalistic This Here, of a cat is too then, are four repoints to suited to its purpose.

to serve chocolatte as a or will tm pot for member which help us to recogit designed. which was nize structural good design: lines structure. of a place When we

1. Each to object mustpoint is, for be considered use what a be suited to rug, couch, or a large piece furniof

its purpose.are the chair? you buying functure The cat-a-cornered in a room, have we

tion of an object, then, must not be 2. It should be simple and graceful placed them contrary to the structural

lost sight of in determining its merit. in contour. line's instead of emphasizing them.

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 731

Two Kinds of butprinciplesthroughandthethoseapplicationset forthofinthesethe designs8. Theare morethe betternearlytheylikeare.nature

Decorative Design following lessons, we will be able to 9. There should always be an im-

'THERE are two kinds of decorative hiddenachieve beautynew beautyin manyas wellof theas topossesfind pression10. Aofsquarereserve centerin decoration.piece should

design: one kind is based on geosions we already have which will help never be placed cat-a-cornered on a

metric forms; the other, and much to develop a greater appreciation for square table.

more common, is based on natural the beautiful. 1 1. Couches and other large piecesforms such as plants and flowers—for of furniture should be placed against

example, the lotus column of Egypt Objective Test the wall and never cat-a-cornered in and the honeysuckle of Greece. In This test is given in the form of the room.

spite of the fact that nature is beautrue or false statements. If you think 1 2. Taste is molded, to a very large

tiful, these natural forms must be used it is correct write "yes"at the end. If extent, by the things which surround

will a be related thatin such way at the one. false, is it write "no"think you

is, to sizeto the and should placed always 13. Rugs be except anything write not shape—thatthey

1 tt Doa article the which of structurethe on lengthwise crosswise or a of room, no. or end.a yes

they are to be used. This means re- 1. Good taste can be cultivated. never cat-a-cornered.

arranging these various natural forms 2. Structure is less important than 14. A bunch of flowers on one side

and applying them to the problem. ornament. of a plate or cup is good decorative

After this rearrangement has taken 3. An object must be suited to its design, because it suggests the structural

place, we say that the design has been purpose. design.

conventionalized. The less cultivated 4. Decoration should have no rela15. The decoration of a round

our taste is, the more naturalistic we tion to structure. plate should suggest a circle.

like our decorative design; but through 5. Geometric designs are not good. In the November number correct

study we learn to, recognize more 6. Natural forms are better when answers will be given to this test, so

beauty in conventionalized designs. somewhat conventionalized. that the thoughtful reader may check

The purpose of ornament is to 7. All articles are improved bv decher answers and see how nearly perfect

beautify useful forms. No matter what oration. her score is.

the problem may be, whether it is the -4tf&>s*- decoration on a plate, a vase, or a room, the following requirements Continued from should be kept in mind; Glancing Through—page 728

1. The object should be worthy of The fact that rubber came among about it—trying to eliminate objecdecoration. the most unpopular five odors, gave tionable odors or cover them up.

2. Decoration should be used in rubber manufacturers something of a In the manufacture of paint, for

moderation. shock. True, rubber has its own perexample, it has been discovered that

3. The decoration should -accent sonal odor, and it is undeniably somemany of the most unpleasant odors

structural design. thing of a strong one, but rubber can be left out by using other ma-

4. The decoration should be related men, and dealers in galoshes, raincoats terials in place of the ones which

in shape and size to the structural deand rubber tires will not admit that smell the worst. In the manufacture

sign of the project. it is an unpleasant odor. They grow of paper the same thing is true: and

Summary tothroughlike it,yearsfor itof hassuccessbeen andwithfailure,Jaem inused,soap,but whenthroughlowgradethe usefatsof wereperXJOW for the sake of clearness let prosperitysider it a andfriend.adversity,LastandDecember,they conrancidfectly smellfresh infats,soap thehas disappeared.unpleasantly

lesson. first * our summarize they us rubber of a dinner at men when, cases In this where simple remedial reflect good should I. for home Every stands bands, rubber given were

is measure possible, not the addition the effect on the of because taste discovetc., glasses, they and water of a strongly pleasant odor frewill those who of being well general familiar the old of instead that ered quently neutralize necessarily objecthere. lilac live rose and the of fragrance odor, tionable ones. Dr. Eric Kunz, one of and reason is taste based on their nostrils, great their II. was assailed Good officials the in a wellknown perfume acquired. in succeeded be Science surprise. can had house, says that chemistry has made applithe is meant taste with rubber of III. good odor the displacing By it possible practically to control the fundamental five the of agreeable. cation more something much scent of any product without materialprob- to any design of of salesvalue principles the of question The ly its increasing cost. discovering By art. is topressing a one of pleasant lem aromas the scents which blend with the foundesign: of kinds are is two has color that doubt There day. no There IV. dation less odor, used, need be and decorative. sell and structural its shades much costs effect—dertain are thus kept down. depends design structural others. has than rapidly Form V. Good more

on fitness to purpose, beauty of its place too, as new modernistic furIn a New York theater, perfumes shape and proportion, and the niture and architecture prove. And are blown through the ventilating syssuitability of material. now, what about odors? It can't tem, making the air fragrant. And

VI. The purpose of decorative design be said that smell is unimportant, as the odor is changed every week.

is to accent and beautify structhe skunk, in spite of his good looks Leather, glue, medicines, fabrics, linotural design. and nice color proves. On the other leum and many other things are comVII. There are two kinds of decorahand consider the ocean, and the forest ing in for a study of ways in which

tive design: geometrical and naof pine. Would either be so attractheir odors might be made pleasant.

tural. tive without the particular smell of And studies are also being made to

There are several things in this lesclean salt and spicy wood which are find out how many people are odorson worthy of remembering. Go over a part of them? If odor is so perconscious. Out of every ten people,

it carefully, study the illustrations and suasive a saleman in nature, why two or three are "odorblind"a few their descriptions. This will enable shouldn't it be in business? Perhaps are quite susceptible and two or three

each one to see wherein she has made it is, and always has been, but manuvery sensitive. Does this prove it

mistakes in the selection of various facturers are just beginning to see it worth trying to increase salesappeal objects. Everybody makes mistakes; and they are doing one of two things through smell?

ht 1 hing at A//Tiimes By Adah R. Naylor

known social leader has been among the "best sellers"for the past six years?

If you consult a dictionary for correct pronunciation and spelling of words, why not consult a book of etiquette for correct rules of deportment?

If not guilty of the errors suggested in the above questions the chances are, that you do not need to "look to your manners."

Good Manners jyjANY people feel that to "acquire manners"is

The to become artificial. Yet manners, good or bad,

are notborn with us, but are among the many things

Etiquette we begin acquiring the moment we are born and continue to acquire on through our childhood, our youth

Book and even our old To be sure, theage.essential thing in life is to build

a fine and honorable character and develop a right attitude of mind toward all mankind, but we should also learn that life is a game we all must play, and that certain standardized rules of conduct must be followed if we are to live with ease, and mingle pleasantly with our fellowmen.

The complex life of today has brought about new standards of living, which in turn have brought about some modifications and additions to the old rules of behavior, but fundamentally they remain the same, since they are based on the cardinal virtue consideration of others.

Etiquette in America "JTIE American pioneer had a genuine dislike for the term etiquette and all that it was thought you among those who consider rules of to imply. The difficult task of subduing a wilderAREetiquette "foolishness,"and when confronted ness—building settlements, discovering and developing

social by emergencies blunder your way leftthe naturalno time resourcesor need forof athegreat"niceties"unexploredof life.countryButthrough "the awkward moment?"

various as the sections of the country were colonized introduce Can a you friend or an acquaintance to a there were gradually formed unwritten codes beof ofgroup people grace with ease? and havior, recognized which were and followed. Conduct sure that Are you your table are correct? manners neighbors, toward in and life deportment the and

Do you know, that to be able to do a thing coraffairs of the community were the fundamental things rectly, is quite as important as to be able to do it at which were regulated. In the North a terse brevity

all? of speech and in the West an abrupt gruffness was

Do you ever stop seriously to consider the individthought to denote a certain integrity, and honesty of ual rights of your friends and the members of your purpose, and the person who acquired a "fine polfamily? ished manner"was looked upon with suspicion, espeDo vou know that a book on etiquette by a well cially if he hailed from "foreign parts."

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 733

The early American drama picrivalry of cities. Strangers within trade is one of the main assets, the

tured the villain as a suave, kidour gates are no longer viewed chief requirement of the oil station gloved gentleman, who worked out with suspicion, but are greeted and man or a "vender of goods"is a his wicked plans under a cloak of made welcome. At the entrance of "nice manner."There must be

fine manners, and for the first two many cities huge signs are erected, a willingness to serve that goes beacts, at least, gave the awkward inviting you to enter; committees yond the delivery of the goods

but honest village boy a bad time. are selected to point out the adbought and paid for. They must

TN the small community all lived vantagesfriendly contactsthe cityare hasmadetoandoffer;the beto ablebe visited,to suggestand pointsgive roadof interestdirecon a neighborly footing and business man finds graciousness, tions; they must be friendly, not

every life was an open book. There poise and tact an indispensable to a point of intrusion, but interwas no chance and little need of depart of his equipment. ested enough to see that the travception; social events were few and The requirements of the worker, eler's needs are met. And for this

contacts with the outside world too, have changed. Business houscourtesy extended, courtesy is remade. were seldom But attitude on small es, hotels, is a new stations gas and public turned—there grew into towns communities soon toward served all the part of those utilities their employees school—and

extended themcities—railroadsthe towns suddenly became in the line of Service. In sections those who serve. Morals and of the country where the tourist manners are closely allied.

selves from coast to coast, and then

Henry Ford put America on wheels and everybody went visitContinued from 703 ing. President Heber J. Grant page

the dignity of his Following the invention of the questions his sincerity—always agway sustained

gasoline engine, great industrial gressive for the truth, always mili-.great office as President of the

centers sprang into being. Wages tant for righteousness. In his inChurch.

were increased and working hours spired moods he has a thrilling, He has no surviving sons, but decreased. Money and leisure, passionate earnestness about his nine brilliant and accomplished

hitherto unknown, became the pospreaching that springs from the daughters, one deceased, who resession of the great mass of the deepest convictions. The Gospel flect in their lives the ability and

people. More and more women of the Master has always been his capacity of their father for doing

commercial the into entered is It guide. his all inspiration and are marthings. They major and foods factoryprepared world; reality practical a him, with are able their husbands ried and her to added clothing, readymade his details of the into reaching woThese men. exemplary and

livleisure standardized hours and relife. as daily of art fine "Mormonism"the understand men skirt, the the of length ing. The is life a doctrine his not in vealed are the their homes homemaking,

tilt of hat, the the of brand and it is abstorage, some, not in cold refinement culture of centers and are the breakfast same food now it action, not stract thing, means intanthose radiate which from every in hamlet East and and West life, a just a the diction, of not influences way which gible make city the in Saturday America, and preaches never theory. glorious beautiful. He secure and world is sold everywhere on ThursPost

first does not he doctrine that any faith has flawless deep and A quaint that day. was and Much

practice. great to inspired not only him discarded picturesque has been and

sectional lines are fast disappearing. The depth and tenderness of endeavor but sustained him in evThe new mode of living found heart is best revealed in his attiery vicissitude of life. When his

thousands of people bewildered tude toward his mother and his head was bowed with sorrow over and uncomfortable for train travfamily. His affection for his the loss of his only boys, when

el, hotel life, daily contact with mother was beautiful. In this he his heart strings were wrung with

deof filial has given an example all of his beover the death anguish new experistrangers,—were forever will shine votion which experiences eshas ences. companions, loved Out of these no murmur

come a desire, an eagerness for as a proof of his nobility. His caped his lips-—-he is indeed a man

training in correct deportment in mother was worthy of the love of faith.

order that new living conditions he so tenderly bestowed upon her.

ever to be had reason If a boy embarrassmet without may be is an impregnable honhe HPHERE mother, Etiquette teachers of a ment. widowed are now proud intrinsic love of truth esty, an

the vogue and publishing houses, had, and he was. Nor is his deand justice about President Grant

sensitive ever to the need, public votion to his family less beautiful. that makes sham and pretense immillions of are printing books on

analysis of possible. wife, present No spectrum Augusta Winyear. each manners""good The T-JIS

a trace could reveal his character the ters possesses Grant, much these for great books demand shows that America has suddenly same unruffled serenity as the Presiof deception. He is sound to the

awakened to find herself "etiquettedent's mother possessed. She won center. His life is an open book,

minded."the enduring affection of his moth- a record of service to others.

erless children, to whom she has Noble in appearance, dignified

Service always given the same loving conin manner, clear in his thinking, sideration that she has bestowed courageous in his convictions, kind

TN] the commercial world a new upon her own daughter. and sympathetic toward the un-

I meaning has been given to the Her temperament and training fortunate, magnificent in his genword service. The new industrial have enabled her almost perfectly erosity, supreme in his continuity,

era brought about intensive busito complement his life. Without gentle towards all women and lit-

! ness competition, and increased the apparent effort she has in every tle children, he is indeed a real man.

To A Son I Wonder October Leaves

By Grant Redford By Elsie C. Carroll By Beatrice Ekman

yf CHILD lies in its father's arms /WONDER if you know rrTTrHENOctober'sdownbreeze every day I How the trees with chill upon sleeps dreams. through wake Sweeps and and"the mountain trails find world an empty breath, deep and To her even the breathingAnd from

slow, secure, Because you're gone? The slender aspen and the maple leaves

their green hue for a more radiant his formulates ChangeThe father schemes—and I wonder if you know dress news. reads the evening

How hard I try to make Their yesterdays of Summer time are done emptiness seem The verdure their frost biting nights of less And is, it are plans theUnconscious, though smile song? and With sears.

to sung him leaf leaf ages the into by drop They asleep, through dreams and ifWho lies you I wonder know relentless. the rest in dust through To years, built towers as I sing even That years

trim strong andSkyhigh by I ofdad—-so as try to smile And... nesting the the of not memory May -stars! the twinkle they with heart breaks on? My birds

sheltering their in cool and mated That if you wonder know willThose plans shade in sweat and I consummate fill can time never That... content at spilled the free, blood dawn And twittered

void within my soul rest? their hands rough and TheAnd calloused worn

are gone? you Now the memory brown. sod of the harvest moon But every May not

That's cut, and stone that's moved will Sailing high through clouds... trailed

be for him to have. by a star...

Remain with leaves that gave their beautys'best he, builder, the die.For soon will When they quiescent lie... in sombei live dying, And dress?

In steel stone and in love, Fidelity strong wrought for him who sleeps By Florence D. Cummings

accomplishmentsAnd dreams; to give his Hallowe'en name a monument! tall, mountain is a woman yON By Leone E. McCune true; sky her lover The

lays her She head his breast, upon is black, night

Against his coat blue. of low, hang clouds rHEThe

is hid, The moon She often has a fleecy scarf Boyhood Memories blow. wind doth The

loosely Bound 'round her hair;

By Maurice Cole Perhaps she draws a floating veil The shutters creak,

Across her features fair. The night birds cry,

forms, ghostly And a boy again, roamin'down nigh. is gorgeous, manyhued, Her gown hovering StandOH, tothe belane, vibrant Whose colors glow;

A-splashin'through the puddles Her breasts are mounds of snow, pure White faces leer,

Left there by the rain white, At window panes,

Toes a-ticklin'in the sand, 'tis a. joyful That through her draperies show. And bats dart by,

pain Thro'pouring rain.

Wishin'I'm again, a boy roamin'down lover's She wears her diamonds out, comes the moon Then the lane. in her at night; hair Twined creep, the shadows And

silver a crescent crown Anon walls, garden From a to be her bright. shinesOh, again, boy brow in Upon the wildwood sleep. doth wind And the

deep, Feet a-swishin'through the leaves, Though at her feet, a mirror vast her charms, Lookin'at the many sweep Heart Summer She never her bends stately beech to look, headOf and leaves her lover's elm limbs—loving it ReflectsNor arms. Blanche K. McKey a heap By

Oh, to be a boy again, in the wildwood ALAS, I have a summer heart, deep.

SI And snow is here.

Harebells dancing in the sun, Oh, to be a boy again, on a country road, Gossamer blue, like a dream half spun;

Creek a-runnin'at the side Foamtossed, sunmad, hoyden stream grass Fern abode, and hills between; Prancing, two green

drinkin'atHorses the ford, restin'from breeze comes Junetide Tenderfingered the load smiling on Oh, to be a boy again on a country are gone? that these it be true Alack. Can

road. sleek; slushy, pavements, Slippery

Sleet that wets and chills and dulls;

Oh, to be a boy again, pleasure that I'd Redeyed homes that blink into the storm.

take But I see the swallow skim the silent lake,

In being just a youngster And hear the mourning dove's sad call

A-swimmin'in the lake Soft that silence break

Water clear as clear c'n be, ripplin'in Bringing life to things long dead my wake Things that once were dear.

Oh, to be a boy again, a-swimmin'Alas, I have a summer heart, in the lake. And snow is here!

rarassas Alt MelchizedekSTIHOODPriesthood material is prepared under theQUORUMSdirection of the Council of the Twelve;

all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric, -v rxv and The Lord Says—Tobacco is not good for man, but for bruises and sick cattle.

Why Priesthood At All?

commissioned to been having without them. This funcPriest- the Priesthood the upon one, without any

authority. the proper visions, of course, do so by was prayers of having tion have his pray andCANhood,

answered? Or receive the Holy Ghost, exceptional in their case. Now, a religious organization, or

with its gifts and manifestations? If, then, one may pray, may have the Church, is in the last analysis a

The answer is Yes. Men, women his prayers answered, may have the matter of service. You baptize someand children who do not hold the Holy Ghost bestowed upon him, and one, or you confirm him, or you adPriesthood have had their prayers anmay exercise many of its gifts, withminister to him in case of sickness, or

swered millions of times in the history out holding any Priesthood, what is you give him the Sacrament or the of Christianity the world over and in the place of Priesthood on the earth? Priesthood, or you preach the Gospel

is this but performingthe history of this dispensation. Men, Chiefly Priesthood functions in conto him—what

women and children also receive the nection with organization. That is, a service?

Holy Ghost after baptism through the the greatest need of Priesthood is where Now, when it comes to earthly laying on of hands. there is a service to be performd to power to perform a definite service, we

the in attorney call of it the power ourselves. besides others revelations and vishave one May

else, for legally someone acting case of do anything for, or the you Whenever without beings, heavenly ofions

Priesthood? in behalf of, someone else, you must or the court and the judge where it is

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery have the right to do so. If you are to a question of acting for the governdid so. In May, 1829, John the Bapsell property belonging to another, ment.

tist appeared to them, and that was beyou must have his permission. If you But in the Church of Christ this

fore either of them had been ordained. wish to admit an alien to citizenship authority to act for others is known as

It was John, in fact, who conferred in our government, you cannot act Priesthood.

Looking Ahead

in to preach opportunity Salt is in an Stake, which Liberty the ward Find the Answers to preparing he is to he belongs, which stakes other City, like someTHELake in the Church, has the idea that to do himself for the ministry abroad and at These Questions is better than to know what were good home, when he shall have been made to be done, as Shakespere puts it. an elder in the Church. (1) Who is the president of your

his counselors? are talks Who these do stake? give boys The who of all twelve wards the in so, And is there between relation What (2) those least at well. who So work a their priests makes the of stake, one the presthe and the of bishopric ward the it also. enjoy they think. listen And at every topic religious a talk short on stake? the of idency do. of rate, them most any At what matter service. Sacramental No

the program may be otherwise, some priest is almost sure to give an address r of from ten to fifteen minutes.

The speaker chooses his own subject; he works it up himself usually,

although sometimes he avails himself of the aid of someone whose experience in public speaking might prove helpful.

Since there are in all exactly six hundred and eight priests in the entire stake, this would make an average per ward of almost fiftyone. And since

there are about forty Sundays in a year, when Sacramental services are held, each priest would have a turn at speaking almost once a year.

least, Now, the priest's duty—or at

preach, teach, one of his duties—is "to

expound, exhort,"as well as to baptize and administer the Sacrament. That

is what the Doctrine and Covenants says. But preaching the Gospel is

the duty of the elder and the seventy, too. The brook on the Joseph Smith farm, in Manchester, N. Y., where the

Therefore, when the priest is given first baptisms were performed.

736 The Improvement Era for October, 1931

A Prophet Can be a Hero

|"T was in 1839. Joseph Smith was ital. Among the number was a memfelt that his time had come, as we

on his way to the national capital, ber of Congress, who was returning to say.

to see he to could obtain what his do as of one the work lawmakers. All the but prophet. "Mormon"He redress his the for people wrongs had the coach proceeded As nearalong

lost his never head, matter no what the received at the in of hands Miscity, ing the mobs chief the driver, sudon a cause, in a this. situation like souri. Saints living were then if felt den, The as a he drink. wanted So

in Nauvoo, Illinois, on the banks of he stopped the vehicle and went into He moved from where he sat to the the Mississippi. what was known as a "tavern,"leavdoor of the carriage, opened it gingerThe Prophet rode in a stage coach, ing the rest in the coach. ly, climbed round the side of the coach

drawn by four horses. This was the Something frightened the animais. till he reached the driver's seat, took

only way you could then go from Iland they went dashing down the road hold of the reins and stopped the horses linois to Washington—unless you at full gallop. before they had done any damage to

went horseback, or by foot, and you The consternation of the passengers property or life.

would hardly like to do that. may easily be imagined. They were Then he turned the coach round and

In the stage were a number of other terrorstricken. The men shouted, drove back to the tavern, where the

persons, also on their way to the capthe women screamed, and every one coachman was still at his beer.

Field Notes

Priesthood miles southwest of JARONIC City. Brigham Outing—St. This 6. Ward teaching 5 ** George West Ward: built is being National We learn project by the 7. Preparation and delivery of

from Bishop W. C. Cox that a successGovernment at an expense of $350,- lesson assignment 5

Priesthood ful the of Aaronic outing 000. rating a Boys of make who 8. Attendance at stake Priest-

1 at the eighty Cascades a 7th July out of possible held on was one hundred 1 hood meeting the of points for Aaronic each where 25 of members in suctwo months 9. Offering prayer 1 in public eligible bishopric are cession the for Priesthood this for and went trip with-

a swim. After the swim a wiener out expense to themselves. The trip 10. Assisting with Sacrament 1

roast was enjoyed and the trip brought over the project is to be made by auto 11. Assisting at baptisms 1

the bishopric and the boys in closer and by motor boat. 12. Special assignment performcontact than they have ever been be- "On the return trip we plan to have ed 1

fore. a late afternoon supper followed by a 13. Voluntary aid to sick or Cache Stake—Aaronic Priesthood Priesthood conference around a camp needy l

Organization.-—Chairman Luther M. fire, at a suitable location in the hills.

Winsor of the Stake Priesthood Com- "This trip was planned for the Total 100 mittee outlines the method being folmonth of June, but conditions on the lowed in an effort to stimulate greater refuge were not suitable at that time. TEACHERS

interest in Aaronic Priesthood activi- "Following is a list of the thirteen Same as priests.

ties among the boys of that stake, as activities for each quorum together follows: with the rating which has been asDEACONS

"Our newly organized Stake Comsigned to each activity: Same as priests except for activity

mittee recognizes the fact that Lesser number 6. Deacons assist with fast

Priesthood work must send out such PRIESTS offering instead of with ward teaching.

an appeal or such a challenge that the Activity Points It will be observed that attendance boys will want to be affiliated with 1. Attendance at quorum meetat quorum meetings, payment of tiththeir respective quorums, because of ing 25 ing and observance of Word of Wiswhat such association will mean to 2. Payment of tithing 25 dom are activities, which are being

them as well as for the sake of duty. 3. Observance of Word of Wisstressed during 1931. This is done

"As a means to this end we have dom 25 for the purposes: First, the boy canoutlined in detail the various activi- 4. Attendance at Sacrament meetnot function properly as a quorum

ing 4 member attends unless he his ties for Priestof members and each quorum at Sacrament or other hood meetings; second, have each believe given activity in 5. Speaker we a rating

points so that each boy may receive meeting 5 that the habit of tithepaying should credit every month in proportion to his be acquired while young; third, the

participation in quorum activities. 1 boy who smokes or drinks soon drifts

This introduces an element of compeaway from his quorum and finally tition and friendly rivalry to which away from active affiliation with the boys in their teens respond very readChurch.

ily. We are endeavoring to impress It will also be noted that a boy

the members with the fact that healthy cannot fail in any of these three acand active response to the call of the tivities and make his required eightyPriesthood and participation in its acpoint average for the month.

tivities bring their own reward. As In order that we may keep an indi-

a further stimulus, however, to greater vidual record of every boy in the stake, response, we are offering special rewe have adopted the regular priests roll wards for accomplishment. The first book for all quorums. The headings

prize offered is a trip to the new mias printed are modified to accommogratory bird sanctuary now being date the outline of the thirteen activicompleted at the mouth of Bear River, Logan Ninth Ward Aaronic Priesthood ties listed above. In keeping this roll

on the borders of Great Salt Lake, 25 at Bear Lake. [Continued on page 747]

.

/HUTUAIL MESSAGES Executive 'Department] General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

47 East South Temple Street George Albert Smith, Ruth May Fox, r. Cannon, Richard Grant Lyman, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. Lucy

J. A. Beesley, Clarissa Ballard, Melvin

33 Bishop's Building Executive Secretary: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH General Secretary:

Oscar A. Kirkham Elsie Hogan

Sunday Evening Joint Program for November

Theme: The Developing Power of "Moreover, something is or seems was one of the great, if not the greatest

the Doctrine of a Premortal Existence. That touches me with mystic gleams, objectives of a whole lifetime in the

1 Opening exercises. Like glimpses of forgotten dreams spirit world. It no doubt furnished

2. Presentation of Slogan. Of something felt like something texts for preachers and themes for or-

3. Announcement of the theme for here; ators. It was held up as a goal by

the evening. Of something done, I know not teachers and as a Divine Promise by

4. A fifteen minute sermon on Prewhere; prophets. In the light of the revelaExistence. Such as no language may declare."tions of God, the privilege of having

Text: "Man was also in the be- - Tennyson. a body cannot be thought of as anyginning with God."(Doctrine and thing less than one of our greatest

as God's as well of achievements oneCovenants 93:29.)

poet, apBrowning, Robert The gifts. these a belief in greatest ofMaterial: Out

to in his his to peals help wife him the attitude things toward comes an Jeremiah 1:5.

death, as she before her did and work a guarantee self Ecclesiastes that physical should 12:7.

a that says she heavenly came from is attended care super always 5. which 9:2; 17, John

to that she earth has and home super development. 14. 1:12, Nephi reby

to she that turned whence from home are three questions that Doctrine have There and Covenants 93:23.

came. all ages: in the Pearl Price: challenged of Great mind Book of

Abraham 3:2226. Maurice Maeterlink's "BlueBird"Whence came I? Why here? And

5. A ten minute talk on PreExistence presents a beautiful and interesting where go? The relation of the prein which the following material picture of persons preparing to serve mortal, the mortal, and the immortal

may be used: this planet we call earth when they life is still challenging the thoughts

are finally born. One expects to be of man, and this doctrine of premortal

"O my Father, Thou that dwellest an inventor, another to improve variexistence is doing full duty in the stimIn the high and glorious place! ous fruits. ulation of mental activity.

I presence, shall regainWhen Thy success before Belief in our we came the in belief Through Summary: face? thy again behold And

is a courage. gives to us earth Courage to are led PreExistence doctrine of we habitation,In holy thy

belief that virtue. we major The a of possession the body look upon reside? spirit once Did my increases other our there each faithknew result and achievement as of the first childhood,In primeval my

here. its other will of appreciation each Apprice presence of fulness. the In I side? near nurtured Was Thy

possible receive gratitude and preciation soul the makes part physical of the not "For a wise and glorious purpose greater care than it would without the gratefulness has been rightly called a

Thou hast placed me here on earth, knowledge of its cost to its possessor? cardinal virtue.

And withheld the recollection The possibility of having a body was The'belief that we were with God

Of my former friends and birth. a gift from God but the realization of in the beginning adds to our nearness

Yet oft times a secret something that possibility came through the keepto him now, increases our desire to be

Whispered, You're a stranger here; ing of our first estate. Getting a body with him again and strengthens our deAnd I felt that I had wandered termination to be loyal to his leaderFrom a more—Latterdayexalted sphere."Saint Poet, shipthe Lorddirectis orthedelegated.apex of spiritualLoyalty deto

Eliza R. Snow. velopment.

In Listen in docfind the Gospel so we And birth a a sleep foris but"Our and existence trine premortal of a power alternate on and Over KDYL, KSL getting;

entire the that being: develops our inclusive, an- 8-17, Oct. nights, from life's rises that us, with our The soul spiritintellectual, physical, the the and readto of interest Era nouncements star,

will ers will be short There be made.

its setting, elsewhere had Hath music. talks, dramatizations and three testimony minute on the A ual.6. A afar; cometh from And writers have prominent of number Blessing. Patriarchal value of a in entire forgetfulness Not for the forthcoming engaged been

And not in utter nakedness, volume and some of these will speak, 7. Singing: First two verses only, of

But trailing clouds of glory do we giving forecasts of their articles. the hymn, "O My Father:'

exact of the Announcements come preferably hour 8. Benediction, a member

stations. these be made later over From God who is our home."will of adult department, to spokpn—Wordsworth. in advance.

738 The Improvement Era for October, 1931

life from disease. That is an interesting

thing and should stimulate us to more action and vigorous more careful and IE out direction of finding N T the study in A ID U ILT ID IE IPA RTM passing health and about things - these === Committee effithe generations most future on to

Dr. Arthur L. Beeley and Ann M. Cannon, Chairmen; Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, Dr. Franklin S. cient resistance against disease, that, after

Rose T. L. Daines, Harris, Cannon, Lewis Dr. Lyman ideal a greater objective, W. Bennett, all, is a bigger Stewart Higgs, Charlotte Emily H. C. Adams, Emily to our could apply own anything we than

lives for our own selfish needs. I have

recently been much interested in reading the Premier of new Russia on the standIt happened plan. fiveyear the of point points or are two one there and Era) public it a I finished I was on that Activities when you impress to like upon I should that coninhale to forced conveyance, and preparation the of standpoint the from discussion. 1. Classroom and tobacco smoke siderable secondhand

sort program. of this carrying on of libation effects alcoholic on 2. of see Project to work. the

if would that said one has "Someone that also were on individuals certain enjoySocial who 3. Recreation and begin by health, must perfect one have the it that struck conveyance, me and ment. I think grandparents, and one's choosing or sentence that plan, fiveyear meaning

one's say farther and even go might we significance definite a have phrase, might it is because now greatgreat-grandparents, Committee central see to I a like us. should for

are born that definitely we very known if please, organized by committee, you the the is each in to that ward prone It us hoped make things which with and the for study S. the Church L. D. illustration leaders disease. an two discussion and of occurrence As manualtwo the fiveyear a plan from of outlining

fact relate the like to I that, should ready are of and chosen leaders activity the health, of of one and standpoint certain months past the few within that I. of (See A. page 63 for M. work. be that in should objectives plan major have question the of students American please If not 1931-2). scienthe to the adultsHandbook the of education

mothers of born children that shown at once. selected tific are effects our Then these see poisons of they that upon

vitamins certain deficient is in diet whose these in use the of because through bodies, the Adult let work read about them in membranes mucuous are with born generato pass things unborn do on issues we of recent the the and Handbook, swolalready are sinuses nasal which the if please, disabilities, physical tions you Era. the Improvement Mutual their a point to where congested len and restricts it will them really and make and

is practically deinfection to resistance discertain occurrence of the to prone will have children those stroyed, and to Live eases, How will in they turn on pass which first the week within infection even sinus believe I after. to those follow who this sort discussion subject for Is the attribute that life. cannot of You like is I possible should and that thing

it extraneous, the It anything to of purchased occurrence season. be of may it see to considered stop not and when

treat must within, and we includoffices from comes for $1.75General Board this finish hygiene of year personal we

before condition the for children those get Please Outline. the Study ing is feel to great I that health because too

your copy now. they are born by regulating the mother's cover in five years.

diet. fall to the function should "This M. adextracts an following from The fact, truth and interesting or "Another I. their proOrganization because in A. delivdress L. Oaks Weston Dr. by the living is and fact, hygienic that affords the study opportunity and gram are a conthe at Conference ered June late too to principles hygiene come of it itself S. L. of hooking with D, up discussed the of subject tinuation by life us save from to of at time our us beliefs, if will discuss permit to you me the It in as can printed disease. L. Daines penalties of L. Dr. the reaping

it. It isn't isn't hard, very very a and

if please, guides, us furnish you only Eta.August great step because people the 'Mormon'

if very them follow which, through we are religious unique organizafrom most trouble acute the carefully, can avoid and, we carefully very has Daines "Dr. tions respect; in they namely, that one

to day carry able to from be on this and covered thoroughly, very I think, all believe theii that truth applies to of at time save us our day, cannot but class (see August adult matter of work; life religious as as well their to everyday

life in other respects, and this certainly is true in the field of health, and I am sure that if you can do it in your class 19311932 work this coming year and all the coming years, you will be more and more im-

a Saint good Latterday one must do M. I. A. READING COURSE BOOKS pressed with the fact that in order to be everything to acquire in one's power good

health and freedom from disease, for

Each Member Of Your Association Who Reads Any Of disease of mind and body certainly does [These Books Will Be Bigger For Having Read Them delay our going ahead."

ORDER A SET NOW, AND ENCOURAGE YOUR MEMBERS TO READ THEM. <K4JsfcsLife Story of Brigham Young (Susa Young: Gates and Leah D. Widtsoe)..$2.50

Medical Aspects of the Latterday Saints Word of Wisdom (Dr. L. W. Oaks) 1.00 People and Music (T. C. McGehee) - - 1-40 CommunityActivity

With Malice Towards None (H. W. Morrow) - 75

(A. Monroe) S. the in SingingRain Committees—2.001.25 (Foster) of Youth Larry—Thoughts

Scarlet) Pioneers (Cohen and Modern in the Era is waiting each delivered set of Books, 80 A PAGE anywhere if remittance in full accompanies Full Seven $9.00 order for to tell the you month of

9.50 D.-Parcel If Post C. O. sent

are in the doing Acyou 9.70 lovely things If to charged (See Note below) your Ward.

tivity Program. Others will be eager

to individuals. Books charged organization and sent to the be These books cannot to read message will your be and you

order,is signed if the for not by to exceed sixty days to your be charged Ward may theirs. to this read glad page Make

Bishop. the

friendly insparkle greetings with and terchange experiences. of GenThe DESERET BOOK COMPANY its bits of Committee will add

Temple P. O. Box 1793 44 East on South as helpful suggestions Salt Lake City, Utah informationeral and

the months go merrily by.

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 739

LW.W.WAW Stake Directors Appointed I Music 4 I VHE New Improvement Era begins Minidoka—L. G. Poulsen, Myrtle Freeman. its third year a with complete more

organization it has than ever had this Moapa—Jesse

Montpelier—Whipple,Charles Lindsay,Nell Earl.Blanch Dancing I early in the season. campaign The Kunz.

I will be conducted October 11 to 18. Morgan—Frank Toone, Ida Shaub.Everything possible is being done this Moroni—R. A. Thacker, Filanda Allred. Dramatic!

tyear to accomplish the work during the Mt. Ogden—I. J. McKell, Eula Waldrom.

Cloward, Edna Q. Snow.: single Nebo—Wells the week of campaign. FollowDrusilla H. Garrett, SorenArt a list the ing is of have Nevada—Wm. Directors who sen.

been appointed to conduct the work in North the various stakes: Davis—L. E. Ellison, Bertha Wil- J For students with professional asliams.

pirations, or those for study who I Crowther, Mrs. North Sanpete—Osmund I it solely the arts for the pleasure J. Jensen, Irene Alberta Louie M. Seely. Stake—-Heber

offers brings, the SCHOOL g McCUNE Stott, Johnson. Williams. Varna North Sevier—Karl,< in elsewhere advantages unequalled G. Hadley, Mabel North Bartle Parker,Alpine "'W. May Weber—Samuel the West. Intermountain Thomas, i Halliday.Stake—J.

Mitchel. Berlin, Ollie Y. varied of private program Ogden—A. E. A widely Bannock—Floyd Jennie Hendricks, W. class instruction in T. I>< and many ner. Smart, Katherine WarOneida—M.

Swainston. of branches Ireta Passey. MUSIC, Green, DRAMATIC Bear Lake—-Thomas Wool- R. Barker, May \* W. for provides Clara DANCING, and Christensen, Bear ART Oquirrh—Fred W. River—P. fenden. all of ages degrees students A of and Kirkham. Gardner. Grace Jacobsen, M.

J Price. advancement. Emily C. Miller, Palmyra—C. Beaver—C. Reid. I. Iletta D. Foy, Hauser. Lula Tibbets, Panguitch—C. Benson—Floyd Mirla Froyd, P. WilDespain, Helen E. Big Parowan—Glenwood is Just School Year The Horn—R. Houchen. f cox.

Carn. Schoenfeld, Thelma A. Now! O. D. Buchanan, Anna Pioneer—T. Starting—Enroll Blackfoot—Var Magdalen Christensen, C. Carlson. Pocatello—C.

Sessions. E. Mrs. Cooper, R. AdamBlaine—Clive Olsen, Vera Dewey. son. Portneuf—Heber

Kelsey. Helen H. Shaw, Jensen, Labrum. Elva Lorenzo River—S. Boise—O. McCUNE S. Mrs. Wilkinson, R. I R. Clough. Esther Owens,Box W. RaftRigby—S. Elder—J. Wilkinson.! Crane. and School Art I Evelyn of Music K. Homer, Burley—Leo

* Effie JaWiscombe, Daniels. Virginia Daniels, N. Roosevelt—Arthur Cache—S. St. Brooks. Cottam, H. Aggie Was. 2116 N. Main 200 Stookey. Stevens, Lillian R. J George—J.Carbon—A. St. Rothlisberger, Louise *, Nelson. Warr, A. Vera Johns—Jay * * * w w v. v * v mCassia—Edward SSSB Udall. Rachel Brown,Cottonwood—Cloyd Florence St. Taylor, L. Shepherd. Joseph—H.

Talley. Palmer, Eliason. AnnaCurlew—James Seare, Arzella Salt Lester A. Allen. Black, Ethel Lake—Deseret—June Smith. Moffet, Mrs. Mari- C.Duchesne—Howard San Glen Miss Harmon, S. Shields. on Francisco—W.

East Jordan—Arnold G. Adamson, San Rachel Freeman. GoldaJuan—GuyLilya. R. Hurst, Elizabeth Halls.

Ray, Marcella Crowther. S. Tuttle, C. Moffitt. Mary Luis—Oscar NOW!Emery—Jesse Rachel D. Christensen, Young. Campbell, Merle B. H. PetSevier—H.San is the time toEnsign—Serge Jensen. Colvin, Anna tegrew. Sharon—Harold

Ritting, Katherine Porter, S. Palmer. G. Anna Shelley—RudolphFrankilin—E. in your put Bennett. B. Jennie Mason, Waldram.Fremont—W. Tanner, Jennie M. Beebe, Rosie Roundy. Snowflake—WilliamGarfield—Reed winter S. Nelson, Knight. Minnie Granite—Jos. Joel Winn, Mrs. R. Butterworth, Harriet KalSo. Butler.Davis—David G.Grant—LaVar Parrish. storage mar.

So. S. Christensen, Vilate Fjelsted. Parks, Amanda Sanpete—J.Gunnison—Paul

Hales, Wray. M. Thelma PROMPT—DUSTLESSHollywood—H. Hill, Sylvia Collings. J. Hendry, LindSo. Thelma Jacobsen.Sevier—Armour

Deliveries by the Yellow Trucks Star Barrus, Rachel M.Hyrum—Oscarquist. Valley—L.

Idaho—Royal Wilson, Miss Leslie StewBurton.

P. Richins, Meda Toone. Summit—Lyle Call Jones, Velma Meldrum.Idaho H. Brinton, Mrs. Taylor—Alvin art. Falls—Milton J. Jeppson, Alice Jensen. Brinton. Edna Teton—G. 8572 P. Estelle Was. Warnick, L. Memmott, Sperry. Mable Timpanogos—A.Juab—C. Fenton. Call, Skousen. WilmuthJuarez—Velan

Steck, E. Mrs. Larsen. D. N. C. Harriet Bowman, ChamTintic—N.Kanab—O. Fawson, Eva Arbon. berlain. Tooele—Lyman

Pearl Allread. Hyde, Simkins, A. Rowland. Fanny Twin Falls—LeslieKolob—G. CITIZENS GOAL Perry, Jean Merkley. L. Smith. F. Worlton, Marv Uintah—LeonardLehi—W.

Clegg, Julia Hiatt. Llewellyn, Mrs. Lorena H. Union—ElmoLethbridge—J.

E. Cluff. Bench, Jones. Fern Utah—Reese

Rasband, L. M. Annie Austin. F. Soloman, Bernice COMPANYLiberty—C. Wasatch—H.Clyde. Secrist, Simpson. RuthLogan—Wallace for the Famous Agents Coleman,Los White. D. Nielson, Winnifred Amy Wayne—Kenneth

Garrett.Angeles—H. E, Weaver, Bramwell. May Weber—Carl

Lost Abbott, Nona JenUTAH Jordan—Claud River—V.

Lyman i—LymanD. Nelson,Fearn, VidaMargaretNelson.J. West

C. Peart, Grace Norris. James. Woodruff—M.sen.Malad—N. Crowther, Hanna Deschamp. Yellowstone—D. H. White, Eva Rice. Aberdeen CoalMaricopa—D. L. Stapley, Francelle JohnYoung—I.

son. Zion Park—HomerW. Braidy,Englestead,Eva Burnham.MaudeMillard—Edgar Turner, Ruth Harmon. Lemmon.

.

740 The Improvement Era for October, 1931

Facing LifeContinuedpage from7 1 5

Group 6 Cabinetmakers.

Building Trades Compositors,Coopers. linotypers, and type setters.

Bell rigger. Dressmakers and seamstresses (not in facNOW Brick layer. tory).

is the time to buy Bolter up. Dyers.

Bridge carpenter. Electricians.

Carpenter, expert. Electrotypers, stereotypers, and lithographfinisher. ers.

(stationary), cranemen, hoistGood CementConcrete engineer. Engineers

Constructive foreman or superintendent. men, etc.

Contractor and builder. Engravers. Furniture Crane operator, steam. Filers, grinders, buffers, and polishers

Ditcher operator. (metal).

At the Granite you will find the Dock builder. Firemen (except locomotive and firede-

most complete stocks of the newest Dredge operator. partment).

styles in quality home furnishings Elevator constructor. Foremen and overseers (manufacturing)

at the lowest prices. Enameler. Furnacemen, smeltermen, heaters, pourers,

Engineman, portable. etc.

Come and you will appreciate the Fireman, portable ( boiler). Glass blowers.,

wonderful opportunity that awaits Glazier. Jewelers, watchmakers, goldsmiths, and

you to obtain one piece or furnishIron and steel erector. silversmiths.

ings for the entire home. Marble setter. Laborers.

general, Building, and not specified lastone. Mason,

visitors Conference find it a always borers. Painter, iron and steel.

pleasure to shop at our stores. Pile driver. allied industries. Chemical and

coverer. factories. Pipe Fertilizer deliver trucks with our own We

Plasterer. varnish factories. Paint and Salt within miles City. of Lake 100

general. Plumber, cartridge, dynamite, fuse, and Powder, furniture for old in your Trade

new. Rigger, bridge and structural. fireworks factories.

Soap factories. * Roofer.

chemical factories. Shovel operator, steam. Other

Shovel operator, gas engine. Clay, glass, and stone industries.

Granite Furniture Co. Solderer. Brick, tile, and terracotta factories

State carpenter. Glass factories.

Sugar House, Murray, Bingham, Stair builder. Lime, cement, and artificial stone facPark City Steam fitter. tories.

Marble and stone yards. Stone cutter.

steel worker. Potteries. muLmx-r-mS. Structural

Tank operator. Clothing industries.

Tile layer. Corset factories.

Water proofer. Glove factories.

Hat factories (felt).

Or turn to the statistical abstract Shirt, collar, and cuff factories.

coat, cloak and overall factories. the of published United States by Suit, The

factories. Other dothing KEY the of Department Commerce.

This volume lists for 1920, 42,- FoodBakeries.industries. to 289,969 persons in the United Butter, cheese, and condensed milk facfactories. Candy gainfully occupied. being They

Fish curing and packing. under are grouped nine major mills. grain clasFlour and SECURITY States 10 years of age and over as tories.

sifications: Fruit and vegetable canning, etc.

houses. Slaughter packing and 1. Agriculture, forestry, and animal hussteadily balance growing A Sugar factories and refineries. bandry.

in factories. savings food Other account your is 2. minerals. Extraction of

saddle industries. and and mechanical indusHarness the key to the doorway of 3. Manufacturing

building Helpers in and hand trades. tries.

comfort and security. 4. Transportation. Iron and steel industries.

Agricultural implement factories. Trade. Our savings accounts pay 5. Automobile factories. 6. Public service (not elsewhere classi-

4% compounded semiannu- fied). Blast furnaces and steel rolling mills.

ally. Come in today. If you 7.8. ProfessionalDomestic 'andservice.personal service. CarShip andand railroadboat building.shops.

live out of town, write for 9. Clerical occupations. Wagon and carriage factories.

Other iron and steel factories.

information about our BankNot specified metal industries.

decide that there Other metal industries. ingby-Mail plan. OEFORE you

are few openings possible to Brass mills.

watch factories. and you turn through the one classiClock

factories. Copper

silver, jewelry factories. and MeGold, and fication—Manufacturing UTAH SAVINGS chanical Industries: factories. zinc Lead and

to Apprentices factories. metal dressmakers and milliners. Other & TRUST CO. Apprentices to building and hand trades. Tinware, enamelware, etc., factories. industries. Apprentices, other. furniture and Lumber

Member Federal Reserve System Bakers. Furniture factories.

organ factories. and forgemen, and hammermen. Piano Street Blacksmiths, South 235 Main

mills. planing Boiler makers. Saw and

Salt Utah Lake City, factories. Other stone woodworking Brick masons. and

Builders and building contractors. Paper and pulp mills.

....

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 741

Printing and publishing. Pattern and model makers.

Shoe factories. Plasterers and cement finishers.

steamTanneries. and gas and Plumbers fitters. THE NEW BOOK ENTITLED plate printers (printing) Industries.Textile Pressmen and

Carpet mills. Rollers and roll hands (metal)

Cotton mills. Roofers and slaters.

Knitting mills. Sawyers. Lace and embroidery mills. Semiskilled operatives. Natural

Silk mills. Shoemakers and cobblers (not in factory)

Textile dyeing, finishing, and printing Skilled occupations.

mills. Annealers and temperers (metal) Woolen and worsted mills. Piano and organ tuners. Government

Other textile mills. Wood carvers. by

Other industries. Other skilled occupations. Benj. B. Stringham

cutters. brush factories. Stone and Broom

Structural Iron workers (building). Outlines a Feasible Solution to the Present factories. Button

Electric light and power plants. Tailors and tailoresses. Unequal Distribution of Wealth and the

Electrical supply factories. Tinsmiths and coppersmiths. Unemployment Situation

Upholsterers. Gas works. Procure a Copy Without Delay Leather belt, leather case, etc., factories.

industries. Beverage F you are interested in making a Price $].50

factories. I Paperbox

Petroleum refineries. study of the situation in your * * *

Rubber factories. own State write to the Department The little book entitled—

factories. Straw of for ask and a sumCommerce the Highway "Markings Along industries. not specified Other and for of vocational data your mary

fixers.Loom of Life"if State. to prefer, write Or, you

Machinists, millwrights, toolmakers. and scien- (ancient modern) scriptural, gives and the Supervisor of Vocational EduMachinists. truths, conthe political tific that proof and

are Governmentt""Natural book in cation Millwrights.

to for work such a time your own State Departtainedcorrect the inandthethat is door. of at Education. our Toolmakers and die setters and sinkers. ment adopted be and come forth

superintendents (manuandManagers fields you ask "What When facturing) are Price 50c flashes open?"answer back: The officials. andManufacturers

Mechanics. "Almost any field is open to you Distributed by

Millers (grain, flour, feed, etc.) if you'll pay the price to get

dealers. millineryMilliners and COMPANY DESERET BOOK the gate."through dediyou Can (metal). founders,Molders, and casters East Temple South 44 cate yourself to that in task theOilers of Machinery.

City, Salt Utah Lake glaziers, varnishersPainters, (buildspirit and of Lincoln:

ing) will "I study and prepare myglaziers, enamelers, etc. (facPainters,

self so that if the opportunity ever tory).

Paper hangers. comes I shall be ready for it."

<sl Troubles Continuedpage from719

Then I sent Alex to bring her. I reading my thoughts, answered,

watched him go in the house and "No, it wasn't trouble."Write

for athen come running out, waving his 'Then,—I began to work again.

arms. I ran,"he choked again, The boys grew up. One day Roy FREE "when I got there she was lying on wanted to go away—freighting tothe floor with my pistol by her, the coast. I thought there wasn't Copy

I feltshot. danger; any so sure of him.

convenient and The most After stayed there. awhile he "That night I dug a little grave, down recipe helpful book you ever

isSegoyoursLooseleaffor the asking.Cooksuch a little grave for my baby. I He wrote at first and then I never Thesaw

illustrated, of thinking handsomely help her heard for couldn't anything months and Book, 300 than brings you more feel. I she would months. mother, and One night woke with how recipes. tested thoroughly

copy. for a free write

Salt Co., Products Milk Sego

City. Lake Imykindlittleof feltLynn.like II'dkeptkilledsayingher, as someoneI opened tappingit. It onwastheRoy."window. Just

MENUS MUSICAL SEGO it was trouble, but ithow face into his old dropped He

Barbara chats by Helpful wasn't."his trembling hands and shook director of Badger,

service the Sego home the across gardens I looked grief. with

.. and department

trees a rose of where were clump. Daily music. popular His "Oh, boy! my boy, my to 10 except Sunday, their putting trimmings. spring on eyes a. over his were bloodshot, voice thick m. 10:15

Through the green I caught the with drink. The odor of whiskey KDYL.

glimmer of a little white headcame to me through the open winal- board. dow. I caught at the sill—I

most fainted. Then he cursed me

r OR full five minutes for being so slow, told me to hurry neither spoke. Surely all this had and open the door.

been trouble. I thought of Alice "He came in dirty, and scratched

and Roy and then looked across and bleeding. Said he thought he

at the rose trees again. He watched had killed a man, while he was

me for awhile, and then, as though drunk-—my boy, his mother's boy,

S

742 The Improvement Era for October, 1931 perhaps a murderer. I begged him—as far south as Johannesburg,

to stay to give himself up to be as far north as Bergen.

tried by the law. I begged him "Alex went to the Tunnel in

=Cf)ritmai= onhim."my knees,—promised to help Zion,they'd seenyesterday.a man thatSomeonelooked saidlike

V Again the old head dropped as it him, working on the road. We've

=Carb*== hadlast fewdroppedminutes.many times in the failed,followedbuthundredsI know thatof clues,he'll comeand

night some and I'll open the \ let in."door and him i mother's Our 1931 line is now ready for "Then sake—andI begged hehimcursedfor her,his home

t I cursed his dead mother. Then

,* inspection. have your a large I We glad Bess ont was was out there I my him musing 1 LEFT

>< selected stock well of Christmas in peace. the prairies, in the twilight. At; and rode home

Cards for you to choose from, t "I don't know what I said next, the east the towers of little Zion f faglowed in the light of the setting and they are reasonably priced. i>'but he struck me—struck his

vermillion, macrimson, ther—that suggest be sure you We and: lilac genta, purple, and mauve t My boy—thatand ran awaywas intotrouble."the night. sun, see before Christmas Cards our

( color. a of pageantry gorgeous The

i placing elsewhere. ordert4 set t as sun through shambled we

i a sat time for long LIE rose cooling sands. the The moon i!>< eyes. rose Gyc) covered he with Then fluted crimson Shinob-ki's

i'* verof the the to and walked end saffron against a core—silhouettedabove anda and back. Every Card sky. Has Been

Selected For Its Art, "The man he thought he had Far away amongst the green killed died ten years later like an fields of Massachusetts I saw the

Sentiment and Value honest man, in his bed. I pubwhite glimmer of the old home and

lished the news near and far—from a faithful blueeyed woman with

EMBROKE Capethink Nomehe couldto thehaveHorn.goneI didn'tacross abreast.baby's clustered curls against her

24 East Broadway, the water but to be sure I sent I lifted my tearwet face to the trouSalt Lake City, Utah word there to all the papers—Londarkening skies—I had no

don, Liverpool, Berlin and Paris, bles.

4iThe New Education in Austria

Continued from page 713 This leaders'group may take up Each child has one vote in mat- a case of "Bad Comradeship"and ters, the teacher has one vote also, dispose of it. Something considand the teacher has the power of

ered not "Good Comradeship"is veto. Dr. Dengler has used the

the worst thing a child can do. power of veto only three times. He

said he felt that when the chil- /pHE leaders decide what shall be dren had made a decision it was his punishment. They may deall right.

cide to let it pass, or they may try The leader and his group give to change his point of view. The help to one who is doing poor

severest punishment is that the work. They have a meeting with

others do not speak with him for and encourage the lazy child. They

a certain period of time. help the slow child. They inquire

The community group or class concerning the missing child.

is seated in a circle with the teachThe leader may either perform er in the center, or in a semicircle these duties himself or appoint with the teacher in the backsome one to do them. If the child

ground. This arrangement is so appointed refuses, it is a case for

USE that each child* can see the faces of the leaders'community.

all the others. Each has a nice

little desk. The room is made A SSOCIATED with every chilHusler's Flour cozy and attractive with rugs, curdren's community is a group

tains, pictures and articles dear to of eight parents. At first the chilMade in theTheheartschildren,of children.when first organgivendren didthe privilegenot like ofthis,electingbut threewere

Salt Lake City ized, worked out a constitution themselves. It has developed that and bylaws and the constitution the children count these three as

has come to mean everything. friends and would, rather go to

.

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 743

them than to the teacher, in many It is an accomplishment in comcases. munity work, a thing in which a

The children receive their marks number have taken part and gives in an envelope. The envelopes are opportunity in language, art and

opened in the group, and the marks handcraft.

discussed. The children are free Dr. Dengler has his pupils do a

to say why such and such a child great deal of writing as a means of should receive a lower or a higher expression. He goes before his

mark than the one given, and they class, looks at the pupils and says:can correct the teachers'marks. "Write on a certain subject."The Your

There is a mutual criticism and a stories and essays have in many justice. feeling ofmutual cases the outpouring been of starvmost except punishment is no There souls. hungry ed and

that for comradeship,that and bad economical teacher, the combut by thenot by r\R. DENGLER'S idea of an

munity. ideal school would be a comMany cases for the clinics have munity school away from the city food..

helped but andbeen received forests. the near the out fields and

quart of LeafHarris A One Clover a single created has notcommunity plot large trees and with of ground in is equal milk value to 8 food case. flowers, and each grade in a little eggs, or % pound of beef.

bungalow. In every building Clover LeafHarris Milk is the best

worthwhile can you dependablyTV/TANY special with a parent room, be would buy—always

rich, fresh, safe. pure and For group, in the things are done books. better health greater and economy his a get child namewhereby may a a every quart have for day each he would member campus On the

in "The Book."This is a diary, science building, a gymnasium, and of your family!

and it is a great honor to get one's a community hall. The commuJust call us for prompt,

name in "The Book."If a child nity hall to be used as a theater and courteous daily service

wishes to try for this honor he each class community would invite Wasatch 2177 goes to the leader and states his others to see its plays and prowish, he may say: "I wish to give grams. CloVerLeaf"HarriseafHc

a talk,"his subject. and names He is particularly Dr. Dengler well ffiTIC readythen works it and on when in teaching for his work known

the group and leader go early and foreign languages, and here he hear his talk. The students pass uses the community idea as in the

judgment in his presence and withother classes.

out envy give their opinion. If it To summarize: is voted good his name goes in the

diary. Characteristic of his method are

Sometimes it is decided in a groups and leaders, correcting, muself-direction tual help, conand that will they a book.group make Autumn the chiland decisions by a versation says: "I will inventOne child is the ideal time themselves. dren says, illusstory,"another "I will

trate the story."Another expresses The blackboard is used by one to paint

a wish to print the story and still child during the conversation of another will wish to make the the others, and the community BENNETT'S cover and bind the book. corrects the work written thereon.

When completed they are about ten or twelve pages long. The HPHE teacher is as much as pos- 'Propriw books are beautifully printed by sible in the background, but

hand, illustrated in colors and the ever ready to slip out of the backcovers, inside and out, hand decoground when a point is missed, to Insurance/ rated. Dr. Dengler took some of question, or urge the thought in

these books to the Geneva conferthe children.

ence they where were received with observed been a gradhas There a great deal of admiration. ual increase in altruism love PAINT PRODUCTS and

both in parents and children and a give maximum coverage and absolute profeeling of appreciation on the part tectionnett Paint,on allEnamelsurfaces.or VarnishThere isfora everyBenof parents for the valuable help decorating purpose.

they are getting in the training of their children. Manufactured and Sold by

GLASS PAINT CO. BENNETT & With the right kind of teachers Salt City Lake

Dr. Dengler hopes to carry his

work not only into all the schools Dealers throughout Utah, southern Idaho of Vienna but also into all the and neighboring states schools of Austria in a very short time. 744 The Improvement Era for October, 1931

of Israel? 8vl!lltrt)f1tt5htr8v1t)v1tv1t5v1 Are We

this title the late George people of the Lamanites and NeIMPORTANT UNDERReynolds many years ago phites, the Church of Christ, the

NOTICE publishedmodest littlean bookilluminatingof 135 thoughpages. separationLamanites, ofthetheGadiantonNephites robbers,and the

people. of the final destruction children the traces the of the history The Joseph Wm. Taylor It given, are historical data Valuable Israel gives also of an interestand Mortuary

ing account of the Book of Abraalso the contemporaneous events to their to Many Announce Wishes the Eastern continent. The little the on time For some ham.

their Incorporation under Friends it is sufficiently large so that chart but of print, been out has the book Name of the demand for it has been so can be hung in a class room and urgent and continuous that a new seen to good advantage by the puadopt- Society has Relief can pils. The issued been and it has oseph Wm. Taylor edition

in their theology chart ed this Deseret at the Book had now be

Inc. Co., Salt Lake City. work.

The high class efficient service will Elder George Reynolds, one of The price is $2.50 and it can

continue with the same personnel that the First Council of Seventy at be secured from Harold G. Reyassisted Mr. Taylor. the time of his death, was a pronolds, 47 East South Temple

found student of the scriptures and Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

the correlating gift rare of a is letter of from Attached copy cost is a "The ancient times in matter of hadprophecies made publishthe to Evans Henry John desire."your own dispensation. this of those He with ers chart. to this regard with

was the author of the""Story of the "Book of of Mormon, Book that to glad Taylor you are Lukey Marguerite know "I am etc. Concordance,"Mormon of the Treas. again printing Chart the Book on Pres. and

father. by your honored C. William Lukey chart by Mormon of Mormon A Book

Pies, Vice and Reynolds most thorwas the "George been rehas also Mgr. Elder Reynolds

125 N. Main Was. 7600 published. It is seven feet long oughgoingord we have studenthad in a ofhundredthe Nephiteyears. Andrecand one and onefourth feet wide, the Chart embodies, in a form that apIt the eye, chronologito the not only in colors. to scale shows peals drawnKMgmiMymmmmmMMMSsm

itself, cal details of the of Book Mormon in the arriving Lehi's colony Prom- \<<6r>HV/tt<-t-ltVVKlt-, ised Land, the separation of the onebut toalsounderstandsuch contemporarythe narrative.data as help

Mulek's Nephites and Lamanites, left Jerusalem colony, who 589 value"I inconsiderthe studythe ofChartthe Nephiteof the greatestrecord.

B. C the discovery of the people There is nothing that compares with it

its or its in accuracy, events, grasp of the Nephites in Zarahemla and alt Hak? of its be It details. in is to illuminating the expedition uniting with them,

disit a very will that wide have hoped tribution among those who care to master daaket ofreturnthe peopleto Zarahemla,of Zenifftheandunitedtheir of Mormon."the Book

Gin. I—KaJjsVo—

Utah Pioneer

Manufacturers of It Pays to Live Right Continuedpage from708

BURIAL CASKETS tain section where basketball is that pleurisy and the doctor found

AND FUNERAL played at its best but he played a nothing to remind him of it.

great game of football for the

SUPPLIES Cougars at guard, end and tackle, D USSELL MAGLEBY, a strong being a formidable regular at the student with an incisive mind

Sold by Leading Funeral latter assignment; and he developed and a virile student leader, is as

Directors and Morticians into a strong sprinter and a 51 smart an athlete and as skillful a in Utah, Idaho, Montana, second quarter miler, earning his ballhandler as I have contacted.

Wyoming, Arizona and monogram in track in each of his "Cagey"is the best descriptive adNevada. last two years. George had only jective I can conjure up to peg

three personal fouls called on him him accurately. As a football

in twelve fierce conference basketquarterback his feinting and his ball games this year while he was generalship left little to be desired.

Quality and Service earning fame as an alldivisional His tackling and blocking were suOur Slogan and second allconference player perb. On the basketball floor he

by his skillful covering of the opwas at times truly a wizard—and

posing sharp shooters. Incidentalways a great general and teamally, George has forgotten all about man.

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 745 ]y[ARK BALIFF, another allaround man, a credit to his instructors, an addition to any social function, something of a musician TEMPLE BRAND and a whole lot of an athlete, holds the distinction of unique being a reWumm substitute.markable Remarkable for his playing ability, and his GARMENTSOf superior quality and workmanship

versatility. But more remarkable SALT manufacturedLAKE KNITTINGfor theSTORE

for his undeviating loyalty, his unAnd sold at prices defying competition. When ordering: from us

selfish service, his patience, his keen remember We Pay Postage humor and his generous contribuNo. FOR LADIES No. FOR MEN

.90 600 Fine Quality 703 Flat Weave | tions to morale, team without 1.20 610 Ribbed 719 Light Light Ribbed Weight SilkWt

6U2 1.35 Extra Stripe J1.401.201.35 Fine Quality Quality 792 Cotton Fine succeeds or which team either no

614 1.85 Quality....... Silk 751 Lisle Med. Fine Ex. Wt.

it is its activity. reloves 1.50 1.40 635 Silk Stripe 711 Mesh.... Men's 1.95 Med. And Rayon Run Proof Wt

663 1.20 Med. Quality 1.75 Unbleached Heavy Cotton Cotton.. markable, learns early as a coach 664 1.00.. Med. 762 Heavy 1.75 Wt. Cotton. Rayon 7<tfl NonRunVine

in his experience, to have a great 717715 RayonSuper QualityCrepe RayonDeChine 1.951.95 680620 ExtraFine QualityHeavy UnbleachedNonRun. 2.251.65player who can keep his poise and 720 Fine Quality NonRun Rayon.... 1.75 601 Med. Weight New Style Only 1.00

teamspirit, forget himself and Garments Marked20% ExtraUponChargeRequest,for 15c;SizesforoverCotton46 Silk, 25c

glorify the cause, while squirming Do not fail to specify New or Old Style and if for Man or Woman, also state if long his way through games on the or short sleeve,Heightshort andor Weight.long legsSamplesare wanted.Sent UponGive Request.accurate Bust Measurement,

splintery benches. Take my word

for is the real sportsman. SALT KNITTING LAKE STORE it—such Main St.,, Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH count Bailiff them. 70 So. amongAnd

He won national renown on the AllTournament team at the National Interscholastic Basketball in at Chicagomeet 1925. Then he Conference PEWS understudied brilliant the Magleby

throughout his college career, playVisitors - - ing many games and a great total PULPITS time. In football he was a regular We cordially invite you to

fullback one year and then "pinchvisit our store. Special courCHAIRS

hit"for Paul Thorn, one of the tesies extended to missionaries. Folding,

west's outstanding football proSHAPIRO TRUNK & Kindergartenand Opera ducts, for two seasons. Mark was

Office, Bank, Church and Store CO. BAG a twentyone foot broad jumper Fixtures

to boot. 152 So. Main Street Salt Lake Cabinet &

gRIMLEY, Magleby and Cooper Utah's Largest Dealer in Fixture Company were in active combat almost Luggage and Leather Goods Write32 Richardsus for Streetprices continually through eleven football games and forty basketball games from September until March. Bailiff the was under same Outstanding in Performance!physical strain, and nervous compensating for a shortage of time Outstanding in Value!

in games by a particularly heavy Outstanding in Reputation!

role in scrimmage, because of his versatility and worth.

Does a rigorous athletic participation injure the athlete's physique and health? These boys feel that it has imBOSCH RADIO

proved theirs. BOSCH BOSCH

strenuous Does sport activity, SUPERHETRODINE PERSONAL RADIO aover period of years cut two With Pentode size mt in mt\t\ midget or Athree years off a life, as man's we Tubes M.U but a giant for

are urged to tor $89.50 marvel believe and now performance. 44.50—aand Complete Complete performanceagain?

No—not off life; maybe from ASK YOUR BOSCH DEALER FOR A DEMONSTRATION

his breathing time. But it crowds

many additional years of living Salt Lake City. Pocatello,

Utah Idaho hisinto life, even if its span is a Grand Junction, The$alfLafce Boise,trifle shorter. Colorado Idaho

the life clean Does pay? /HardwareWholesale Exclusively Co. It pays and pays pays! and

746 The Improvement Era for October, 1931 4JVLan or Machine Made?- Continuedpage from7 1

L.D.S. Garments selves to artificial ultraviolet ray. the air"almost constantly, This

Direct From Factory Instead of exercise out of doors, we new, invisible force—this maof distribution for the vichine mass a mechanical to ourselves and attach wear unusual You are guaranteed art is here. can They Is it a that shoewe best utilbrator. Garments. wonder satisfaction from Cutler How

are made from the best long wearing, makers complain? ize it? For surely no one lives yarns. two combed

destroy it! would who are worried! the doctors Even.75 Cotton...... $ Lt. Wt. 68 Ribbed No.

1.00 Cotton Lt. Wt. Ribbed Scientist 74 No. the Radio comes For now

1.29 Lisle Mercerized Rib. 84 No. twinsister of the radio, HPHE his tells short that us 1.19 and new Lisle Lt. Wt. 76 Ribbed No.

Double is Unbleached duplicatLt. Med. 63 "movietalkie"the No. temperbodily will induce waves 1-19 Back visfield in of the mission ing this 1.19 degrees. Cotton fevers Lt. atures to Med. or 64 105 Ribbed up No.

1.65 bleached Hvy. Med, 62 Ribbed No. Soon, entertainment. ualaural it fever, seems was Mother The unbleached Hvy, Med. 61 Ribbed No.

1.65 the will combine radiotelevision Back Double destroying invadNature's of way Knee and Elbow Rayon, Run Non that you arts. means This two 1-29 bacteria. even ing So we are now Length

Rayon, Long Legs or Old Non Run 2.00 going to take our medicine by rawill be able to see these artists as Style No. 56 Ribbed Hvy. Cotton, bleached.. 1.98 dio! well as hear them in your own

unbleached Cot., Hvy. 55 No. Ribbed are perthey very time the at 1.98 Back Double as far so to home, prophets go Some

1.95 Pants.. further, oz. Temple White 8 Hvy. Duck This forming. shall that, predict day, some we for please garments ordering In that a hundred few if statenew ifstyles old or vegecircuit or and means,artists—super short women our animal men and

all the are muwanted produce diet synenergy table absorb virtuosi—can and

give Also concan world sic that the civilized direct thetically, the solar from Sizes above bust,48—20%heightextra.and weight.Marking 15c. sume! Prepaid. Postage artificial its substitutes; system or

pair three order you is sc "this argue, Special—When "But,"you pleasof moreover, that the physical allow you at one time a 15% garments we

artiso unreal, so third only. pair on discount derived from impersonal, ure and exhilaration

SPECIAL MISSIONARY DISCOUNTS this new method of charging "huficial!"But is it, really? Mr.

man batteries"will exceed that exStock and Mr. Stokowski both

perienced by eating the choicest contend that music should be heard victuals. and not seen. You will remember

ago, confifty years that Wagner, Cutler'

Is Bayreuth. at his orchestra 36 SOUTH MAIN ST. \X7TTH so much evidence of the cealed

allpervading Machine, shall it, then, necessary, or even desirartist the see should that we arts the not able, that have we wonder it If plays? or sings he when painter great been immune? A that artist the to is proximity distance, tells at a that, short me

only the art connoisseur can disyou desire, then you actually

afternoons a Jack Frost finetinguishprintsthemadedifferencein certainbetweenlithothe hearchestraeachontoneSundayof Mr. Stock's orgraphic processes and the original fraction of a second sooner in Texor FloHas paintings. Does not this mean as, Wyoming, New York,

that the humblest dwelling may rida, than you do in the twentyHall, for Made His Plans now be beautified by the works of sixth row at Orchestra rate of 1093 feet FOR WINTER thatthe masters?we shall soonDoesbecomeit alsodissatismean thethroughsimpleairreasonat thethat sound travels

fied with cheap chromos, and poor per second, but by radioelectric second! miles per at 186,400 waves arts? of homemade So Should You examples receiving a good with Moreover, decision us withhold our But let

until all the evidence is in. We set, I can detect but little difference

that reach By Filling Your do know that the art of true Italian in the quality of sounds

Fresco has been lost to the craft my ears. Often, indeed, my radio

Bin With of the interior decorator. This gives me a finer quality than I hear

process was too slow, too laboriin some concert halls, acoustically or when I am disturbed skill defective, it required consummate JJTAH ous; coughwhispers, by latecomers, to easier, it succumbed and speed; shufflers. No—I am Aberdeen Coal faster, processes, not so rich in tint, ers, sneezers,

maybe, but only the connoisseur afraid that all such arguments bear knows the difference. the marks of prejudiced interests

pleadings. special and literature, is bringing radio The

public has already expressinto the homes of music and Produced by drama The even the illiterate. Splendid, ed, by that magic word "demand,"

Independent Coal & Coke imaginative readers with dramatic its preference and there is nothing

Company voices read to us; groups of playthat individuals or special selfin-

Salt Lake City, Utah ers broadcast fine plays and dramas terested groups can do about it. In

to distant hamlets and isolated five years the sale of new pianos

THE ABERDEENOrder now fromDEALER farmhouses; music of all kinds, has declined more than seven.tyfive

from jazz to symphony, from muper cent and over half the piano sical comedy to grand opera, is "on manufacturers have been forced to

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 747

merge, liquidate or go bankrupt.

the years, In two 1925 to 1927, salethe of orchestra band and in- I INDIVIDUAL SACRAMENT SETS ALWAYS struments declined nearly twenty per cent. This was before the IN STOCK

movietalkie forced eighty per cent of theater musicians out of work, Tray with 36 Glasses.

which has occurred since 1928. In i 18.50

the past five years the sale of radios has increased from four hundred Extra Glasses, Per million dollars in 1924 to eight Doz., $1.25

million in 1hundred 929—more

times the of all Bread Baskets, $9.50 valuethan four

musical instruments sold in 1925.

{Concluded in November) Best in the Market

-K@JcfcoWill Last a Life Time, 36 Glasses in Each Tray

RECOMMENDED BY PATRONS. REFERENCES FURNISHED

especially L. S. for D. Made Churches, and successfully in used Utah and

Intermountain region, also in all in Missions the States, United Europe, Pacific and4iField Notes

Islands. Basic metal, Nickel Silver, heavily plated with Solid Silver. Continued from

page 73 6 SIMPLE, SANITARY, DURABLE

Satisfaction guaranteed. Inquiries cheerfully answered

the secretaries of each quorum work the directionunder of the ward clerk. Temple BlockBUREAU OF INFORMATIONSalt Lake City Response as outlined to the program

has been gratifying. In some of the

wards as many as ninety per cent of the—|—- t i in HlMfclt'BIM *-<>-*mmtnmm4t'm

active membership of Lesser Priesthood quorums qualified for the trip to

I Bear River Bay. This included e Manufacture j at in- W boys had tamperedmany who BfaUiWfd'stervals with tobacco and strong drink. | your M. I. A. Pins

Last week five boys in one quorum i openly confessed before the class that Let Us Dairythey had smoked, that but they did not Stake Make and Your

i,|. thehave habit deterand were M.,—,| now Pins, Contest Ward Medals.

to leavemined alone. tobacco II, Trophys Etc. and Rings. j! Today's "Visits to individual Milk Today!! are! quorums

made at frequent intervals by members theof Stake constant Committee, 1 and! Parry Hyland Inc. 670 & Parry j officerstouch is kept in with ward

i 100-1-3 Keith Highland Drive Bldg. interestorder that Emporium permitbe not may j 2250

ted to lag. I Sugar House

"In the interval, pending the time i Salt Lake City, Utah 'when conditions were right for making the trip to the Bird Refuge, it was recommended take that ward leaders enrolled in A. Western Chocolate their entire membership

Lesser Priesthood on an outing of somenature. for Western Schools

"The first response to this suggestion came from Logan Ninth Ward. Most school cafeterias in the West serve hot

On Friday, July 10, forty boys chocolate, made with Ghirardelli's Ground headed by Bishop L. Tom Perry and Chocolate. Managers and principals know

aids, his an all day's made trip to Bear that that means clearer heads in the afternoonLake where boatriding, swimming, and picnicing were thoroughly enperiods, and a better healrh average during joyed. The chairman of the Stake trying months.A tin of Ghirardelli'sGround

Committee went along and obtained Chocolate in the cafeteria is a pretty good a great deal of joy because of the success of this outing and by virtue of the recommendation for the management of the,.. Sixteen".Write for wholesome association. The boys school. FREE"Sweet

last Recipe Packet at were the photographed 2, gatherNo.

principals, Correspondence parents, from teach- D. GhirardelliCo., ing place at just in Logan Canyon St., Point North 914 is invited. ers, and cafeteria managers D. GhirarCalif, Francisco, San twilight they enjoying where were

a feast on watermelon after a short, delli Co., 9 14 North Point St., San Francisco.

but snappy game of ball.

"It is our conclusion that our boys to will respond any of apmethod EtLl'S in it hasproach of GHIRARD which a semblanceappeal, and that inherently they want CHOCOLATE is right. Leadership to do what and m Say "Gearar-delly"persistent followup will bring work

its reward. w

748 The Improvement Era for October, 1931

[Grasshoppers for Thanksgiving

page 717 or a free covered with burlap sacks or blankmean about 300,000,000,Continued from ets, the insects to keep clogabout onethird of a billion."from Encyclopedia

radiators stopping ging the and the machines. of information about Rduingthoughsuch theenormoustask ofhordes,subto the ravages of the scourge, As in construction farm

seems impossible. at once the plague centers of Pe sts from concrete is yours for dispatches

it is being,At done. Fountain say: have this to

the asking. Practical Green, Utah, on July 5, Hyrum

.... pictures drawings is Jacobson, "Lincoln, James Neb,, July ArMoore and

being of food. robbed *27—Livestocki* * Last week.. decided thur Christensen tables charts. to make Ask

a canvas balloon type catcher, such for copy of F-10, free! shippedmore thanfrom3 000SouthheadDakotaof cattlecountieswereto

northern Nebraska. In South Dakota as th?Y had used 1/ years before

PORTLAND CEMENT a long drought had almost ruined the to catch grasshoppers. They rigged

the in crops grasshoppers when swarmed ASSOCIATION catcher the of up v sections, from -, to destruction. complete the McCornick covers, onweighted the, wagon "** Salt Lake Bids'.City it, 1last.v.the within uhas ube-, fewt adays t j vi a ilarge iTIbottom With pole i to 1hold state in sight that to come a common

the see contrivance close families in whole to the northward moving ground,

covered their halfstarved driving wagons, th fastcn ed ropes, Service.) herds before them. Toi i (UP CONCRETE r gnds1111heldthey theyi which of wrapFOR by means PERMANENCE "Hastings, Neb., July 31AP-Another crime was charged up to the grasspmg them around saddle horns,

hoppers today. and thus, pulling the balloon like

"Not content with their feasts of corn a huge SCOOp, they rode through and they wheat to eating have taken cloththe fie|ds Sunday evening, and ing, reported. a salesman, Jacobson, L. R.

He said that he left his coat in bis autoagain Monday morning. Their

mobile for a short time while he called catch in six hours amounted to a client. a returned he on swarm When of 1200 pounds the hoppers—and grasshoppers of was munching on Kewanee a the county was paying one cent seccoat a considerable and devoured had

Kewanee Steel Firebox tion of the back."pound bounty on all hoppers

caught! besides getting rid of

practically 4,800,000 grasshopBoilers AT Bloomfield, Neb., the faare Universally Adopted for mous "Bloomfield payas-youPers, they had earned $12.

L. D. S. Chapels and all Other go"plan which provided that evThey kept at it, early in the

Representative Buildings ery citizen of the community, inmornings and evenings, and other eluding the farmers, was to pay farmers joined in. Within ten.

cash and receive no credit, has days time 17 tons had been caught practically broken down. The

Kewawee, 59ILEK CPRP9RATI9N farmers have been deprived of their. r-

HAWLEYRICHARDSON- beenincomesablethisto secureyear, andthe necessitieshave not

WILLIAMS CO. of life without credit.

District Representatives In Sanpete county, Utah, Com204 Dooly Bldg. missioner of Agriculture Harden

Salt Lake City Bennion and Dr. F. E. Stephens

of the national Department of Agriculture selected an area and decided to count the hoppers, to ascertain how great the plague was in this suffering section. "A raFelt Co. Broadway ther small swarm was carefully es106 West Broadway 2077 Was.

PEERY HOTEL BUILDING timated to number as follows: The

central part of the thickest area

Makers of Everything in was estimated at one hopper to a

Felt square inch for an rea of 320

M. I. A. acres, or practically 2,000,000,000

DESIGNS, SLOGANS, BANNERS, INSIGNIAS, SENIOR hoppers. Around this center there LETTERS,

VESTS, JACKETS, PENNANTS, were 10 to 100 to a square foot

TABLE STENCILS, CHAIR COVERS. on four square miles, or about one

LADIES'WEAR, BASKETBALL SUITS and onethird billions, Or a total

SCHOOL GARB for this swarm of three and oneMail Orders Given Prompt Attention third billions. Estimating 8,000,-

Ask For Our Prices 000 adult hoppers to the ton, it -it ii.it i ii m e -I 'H—will be seen that 40 tons would The California devastating Grasshopper,

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 749

around Fountain Green, and phoill \t iITi tos were taken of the work for INVESTIGATE BEFORE INVESTING distribution to nearby towns.

These places soon took up thedrive, and up to July 25 in SanWHY SPECULATE?

pete county alone, more than 34 For 25 YEARS we Have Guarded the SAVINGS tons of grasshoppers had been OF THOUSANDS caught. These were placed in Of Investors in the Intermountain Territory

sacks, piled up, covered with oil and burned. Trash and willows

aided the pyre to burn. WITHOUT LOSS!

Other counties, thrilled by the Regular Dividends accounts of Sanpete's success, beQuarterly—SemiAnnual—Annualgan the work of destruction. They

learned that beside the 34 tons of hoppers caught in the nets, more Spmxtt Ihttlftutg iwtrtg than ten times that amount had 44 South Main St Salt Lake City, Utah been killed with poison bran. One

mixture recommended by the sci- "Old Reliable Peoples Company"entists studying the situation, and Assets: $2,500,000.00

which proved successful, is: 6% and Safety is Better Than 10% Perhaps

Bran, 100 pounds; sodium arPlease mention the "Era"when requesting information

white quarts; 1 2 to senate, '''*"ar- m <m W tm m "w * "w beet sugar pounds; 5 to senic, 4

molasses, 2 gallons; amyl acetate,

3 ounces; salt, 5 pounds; and water, 9 to 1 1 gallons. The

This mixture is spread over the GrandPrize De Luxe fields and as the hoppers come to ACUUM CLEANER early "FULLFLOATING"or BRUSH, late evening in the WITH feed BAG, LEATHERETTE RED BEAUTIFUL poithe of partake they IMPROVEMENTS morning, MAJOR AND 14 OTHER die within and soned bran as the is presented improvements, 16 major with Luxe, 24 The De ever built electric cleaner beautiful, and finest, most their dead feed on Others hours. quality. for such expect wouldefficient than you price lower at a

comrades, and die more quickly. Easy Terms—Small Carrying Charge

TN Utah, at least, the measures UTAH POWER & LIGHT or any of its stores are taking effect, and the scourge, Eureka Vacuum Cleaner Co.

attacked by science, farmers and 177 E. Broadway Was. 4764 Salt Lake City, Utah

modern warfare, is fast dwindling.

And along with the balloon scoop, the poison bran and fire, comes the immortal turkey, as a savior of the farm in the campaign against the destroying grasshopper.

Fields that were barren, soon For began showing signs of recovery.

above head lifted its alfalfa Green recent Your Sake the aided by the ground rains and the removal of the hoppers has made something of a crop. Our Sake

The farmers, on whom the brunt are rejoicfallen, battle has the of touch, Health's Sake finishing as a plan ing, and to celebrate Thanksgiving this year by partaking of the delectable grasshopper, in the form of turkey Use fattened on the insect.

From several sources it has been reported that after foliage of fruit trees had been entirely eaten off, they not only produced new leaves BEET SUGAR but also brought forth an abundant bloom. 750 The Improvement Era for October, 1931

ontmued from $lA Daughter of Martha page 722

expression or simple pleasures. agine what kind it was, for nothWe have Every night every and morning, tipped ing was over, all but the

hair for an hour. Whenever a That is why you have no cream a she combed her mother's wealth of cream was skimmed from the pans. window was opened, Victoria with your pudding."

erine's shoulders. filled She her nearly choked on a gulp of water. Service hastily draped a shawl about CathVictoria flushed vividly and mother's plate with the best foods, Catherine Aunt remained placid

taking only a scanty portion for and unconcerned. all have "We

herself. She a placed footstool sacrifices,"to make she remarked. Which Will

under her feet and removed her "I can get along with just butter."

at night. Eveiy morning Fit shoes Exactly all Rodney was concern over Victoria carried a breakfast tray Victoria, lest she choke, but he to the guest chamber. Catherine first Needs Your glanced at his Catherine, Aunt

a had such desire for cream and suspicion in his eyes. spent He butter and hot breads that Gloria and Pocket the afternoon in tool the reshop,

it found necessary to increase her fusing let to Anna watch him. mixings. Jonas bought Book another That night he last the was retire. to milk cow, and Gloria churned now next The morning, cellar the door three a times week. Catherine sat was again unlatched, clotthe and in the parlor the by flowers wax ted cream taken. Victoria did not and the gourds. She litplayed come as usual down to take up tle, tinkling melodies the on piano Aunt Catherine's breakfast. But and read novels. presently Catherine Aunt appeared,

"Ah, Gloria, my child,"Cathlooking aggrieved and martyrlike.

erine always spoke to her brother's "Victoria a has sprained hand,"as wife if she were an infant, she complained. "Some rogue put Distinctive Work "what a marvelous story this Un- a trap on the door the and poor der Two Flags is! The heroism child—"

of Cigaretta! She died for the man

* * * she loved—her heart pierced by the bullet intended for him. They RODNEY was penidon't make such women any more, tent! He had thought to inHyland 190 Gloria. I've read the book ten criminate Aunt Catherine, but had

times, and it gets lovelier every had no intention of hurting Vic319 South Main St. time. And Dora Thornel"Aunt toria.

Catherine wiped real tears from "Who will comb my hair?"

* * * her eyes, and glanced out of the lamented Aunt Catherine, "her window toward the neglected lawn hand will be sore for a month."

and the driedup lily pond. "I Gloria put sage tea packs on

had the only It dole! isn't in real Victoria's hand. a That night live outside of Salt If you

life is like it in the books!"She little daughter was born. little Lake, send us The your work by

folded her hands, raised her feet, roundhead had a single, long goldParcel Post and the alert Victoria slipped the en hair, Gloria ran it through her footstool under them. fingers, and felt the crinkly texture.

"Gloria,"added Aunt Cather- "Curly, but not red,"she exulted.

Aunt Catherine, pressed "I serinto think like I should a dish BE INDEPENDENT vice, was of bemoaning her lack of with my ine,cream—clotted Other No Vocation So Profitable! sleep. Victoria, spite in biscuits her of at supper. ENROLL cream,Biscuits—butNOW pain, own ter hushed the wails and cream!"of she smiled in For a Complete hapCourse at the

py anticipation. Anna and little Peter. Jonas arQuish School of Beauty Culture rived with the dawn, looking harrassed and worried. He was irriThe Best in the West

later nights tated J\ FEW with the evident in friction 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. Gloria fancied she heard stealthy his home, angry because SALT LAKE he found CITY, UTAH

steps stairs. the on She did not rouse, the reservoir For Further Information empty, and the wood the but next she morning found box and Catalog bare of fuel. CalJ

cellar the door 7560 unlatched Wasatch or the and Jonas Whitman had homesteadFill in This cream taken from the pans she had ed his farm. Later he had taken Coupon expected to skim.

advantage of the additional home- "Some animal has been getting stead act, and thus obtained aninto the milk cellar,"she another quarter section. A one time

nounced at dinner. "I can't imneighbor had become dissatisfied.

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 751

and Jonas had purchased his homestead. The proud possessor of

three adjoining quarter sections, he yearned to complete the square. Consistently Low Prices and

The coveted remaining quarter, to easter quarter,"north "The High Quality Merchandise a spring which contained exact, be rose at the extreme edge of the claim, where Cripple Creek supThat's the reason why Sears, Roebuck and plied the waters which irrigated the Company, the world's largest store, has over

Whitman fields. Jonas had right twelve million regular customers! The savings

to all the water of this creek. But on quality merchandise have been felt here in

wanted enough. not He this was Salt Lake City by the people who have realized wantwater. land; more He more

ed to be sole owner of a section of the wiseness of patronizing the thrift store of land. From generations of landthe nation, keeping in their pockets the money

less fathers back in England, the saved for them by us.

yearning to hold lands had come as an insatiable inheritance. While

he had looked dreamy, his brain had actually been planning and SearsRoebuck & Company scheming how to obtain possession Broadway and Stare Salt Lake City, Utah of that desirable quarter section.

LrfOTT GASCOM, whose >-i|—||)|.. || i. M n.i.ii. nil )j—'—Jl——h—'—. it- -li H It 'iislanting, shifting eyes were fit com- I

panions for his shaggy, unkempt hair, lived in Cripple Creek can- I PROPERTY NEEDS THE PROTECTION a cheese factory. and operated yon OFFERED BY FIRSTCLASS

uninviting and j premises were His littered. A pack of ferocious J INSURANCE

hounds lay about, making travel I Years of experience have equipped our specialists to render hazardous for any strangers who! prompt, accurate insurance service

passed. His daughter Lulu was his

sole companion. She rode the

range for the cows, and aided her UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

father in the manufacture of cheese.

J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah Lott Gascom had little regard for HEBER

law and order. He could not homestead for there were secret details

of his earlier life which naturalization would have revealed. But

cheese making required cows and cows required pasture, so he had fenced in that particular quarter Murray Laundry section which Jonas Whitman coveted. Whenever he felt that

this particular pasture needed more aMore Leisure Hours for water than the spring afforded, he Mothers"tapped the Whitman carefully banked ditches. For several years Your Clothes Are Washed In

Jonas Whitman made no comment.

He did not even raise the question Rain Soft Artesian of ownership on the land. With

a fine regard for the brains of a Water and Mild and read poetry who wrote man Soap that other assumed neighbors. law,

Lott had gained possession, and PHONES went about their own tasks. Lott Wasatch 1637 Murray 213

Gascom smiled secretly. These Hyland 612 American Fork 213

westerners were easy. He was getBingham 213

ting free pasture and free water, and a fine price for his cheese. Once, Send Your Laundrv Bv Parcel Post

as a means of toying with trouble, he drove in a calf that belonged 752 The Improvement Era for October, 1931

to the Whitman ranch and brand- "I don't want to live here ed it for his own. Still there was alone,"he protested with more

regularly for cheese, al- "I don't want this ground. I The Art boysno complaint.came The Whitman vehemence than he had ever shown.

ways on horse back, always with hate plowing."

Preservative a stoutBut Jonaswhip toWhitmanquiet thehaddogs.been tion,""I willansweredattend histo thefather.cultiva-"I

biding his time. He had made have borne all of Lott Gascom's

of all Arts frequent trips to the land office, thievery against this day. I wantand knew what he was doing. ed him to hold the land until you

Early one spring morning Gloria were of age. Now, let him try

found him consulting the family to pasture his cows here. Let him

Bible. "I wanted to know Rodtry to grow grass with my water.

ney's exact age,"he explained. Let him steal another calf."Vrinting

"He will soon be twentyone.""I won't live here five years,"

asserted Rodney.

Presently lumber heavily"Did foryou thenot land?notice that$1.25I paidper

arrived the mill from and window live onhere acre, that so you need SOCIAL sash frames door and came by

I If not fourteen had ly months. followed, Jonas soon and and freight. stick to paid, have had you would

all these supplies were to hauled title. it five to gain years out A the edge the very of fenced land COMMERCIAL all section whole, unbroken my in Lott Gascom. by Without

cried exultingly. "Six he own!"previously Distinctively disclosed having Done

acres land, of forty and his hundred plans, beJonas wakened Rodney titled with water! many by How one morning and urged fore dawn

in lords, back England, would exhurriedly. to dress UTAH'S PIONEER him places change with me!"are twentyone today, "You

PRINTERS my son. I am taking you to file Rodney was not thinking of

on land."lords, nor of free lands. He was

"I don't care to own land,"thinking of the delicate curve of grumbled Rodney sleepily. Victoria's neck, and felt a surge

"Don't worry about owning of anger at Aunt Catherine who the land,"laughed Jonas. "Some kept her virtually a slave. \ day you will thank me. Now, all Lott Gascom's shifting eyes The you do is sign the papers. I do drew together in a heavy scowl

the next morning, and orDeseret all "Ithehaterest."cows and plows,"conwhenhim Jonas Whitman called upon

News histinuedrhyme.Rodney, unconscious of dered"Revengehim toI movewill have!"his cows.he shook

cresPress ing.But Hardlyhis protestsawarewereof whatunavailhe hishis voicefist at rosethe tosmilinga tremblingJonas, and

was doing, Rodney was hurried to cendo. "I will have my fence 29 Richards St. the land office. There, still someback. My cows die—we make no Salt Lake City what confused, he signed the necheese—we starve!"He waved

I cessaryone yearspapersof age;that hethatwashe twentydesired hissixteenhandhadtowardblossomedLulu, intowhofullat

to homestead land; that the desired womanhood. Her black curls, her

piece he wanted was the northeast red cheeks, heightened with a gay a transitory gave charm conribbon, oflap oiDHf() quarter too section—it was beauty. to her slattern "My dogs,"fusing to remember. WhitJonas The Utah High man did the talking, and paid the Lott gave a loud call and the pack

School of Beauty fees. Hurriedly the return trip was gathered around him eager for acdogs they know how sustion—"my other made. All was work Culture to kill."pressed All were hands 331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake pended.

Learn a profession that would make into service. The fence which Lott

you independent for the rest of Gascom had flaunted to the world your life. Write for catalog. was cut, and in a very short time J,ONAS closed his saw

Mail this Coupon. a one room "residence"was built mill. He had been losing money on

furit claim. night for on to check began over the new By years. He

Name.. niture, lists, supplies the bedding food grocery and omitting items

Address had been moved over. And Rodwhich he considered luxuries. He

CityWe can provide room and board to ney Whitman, twentyone, slept ignored Aunt Catherine's request students out of town. in his own bed, in his own house, for a daily fire in the parlor. He

on his own homestead. ignored her complaint that the but-

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 753

ter was getting scarce, and that home? Do you know that my not eat."She was surprised at

there was not even an occasional mother was fifth lady in waiting her own courage.

dish of cream. The price of a car to Queen Victoria until she marof grain which he shipped east ried my father? Do you know

a sensed Victoria falconed the once pointthat gravelly, a king to on purchasewent it. quarrel to avert She and hoped estate? grandfather's Are tracks. hill railroad the neared my

dissension. hated amiable and was child guests to expectedIts work? sage was oak brush growth and My picked snatched She a shawl and up never!"scraggly. work do It did eventhin not and bucket. up a Gloria's flew pasture. as a valuehave Click—click—clickmenial

"You already have more land needles. The dark would come "I would rather milk than comb

than you can cultivate,"protested all too soon. Suddenly she remother's hair!"she cried as she ran

Gloria, thinking of the many membered the day she had snatched out of the house. She, too, was

things which the children needed. the whip from the stage driver. brave beyond her expectations.

The visionary expression came Now she was snatching the whip Aunt Catherine stood gaping at again into his eyes. of indolence from Aunt Catherine. the door where Victoria had disap-

'The day will come when this "Those who do not work, do peared.

railroad will double track and gravel will be needed. The man

who owns that point at that time will have a small fortune."Are there too many stenogPerhaps it was ail How about raphers"What? are the chances for

true, pressing felt the Gloria but for employment in offices? needs.urge of immediate Money

it pay to get businesswinter clothing was not forthcomPOSITIONS Does ing. She saw a picture in a farm training now?

Is idleness better than garof kind of a newmagazine knitin Business? study? with made which youment

a called It needles. wasting

greater tion, today. even when And business train for when certainpicturesweater. was The prosperreturning activity from comes offices are not hiring WHYmany

is ity, it people the trained knit! In young could who alluring.ly She employees This now?"new

times. the will with prosper is are sometimes a;were question which there closet wean abandoned

offices, exist in vacancies do When asked. yarn, purof skeinsskeins and its gets College S. Business L. D. The

is are It secret harder times that no purpose, calls. the forgotten full for of the sharechased Through some

year. this usual and than women Men been business years, have past men 40 Little Peter marriage.before her line. in are every of out work office trained for us upon depending frail the infant Nancy, and theand class has workers of Probably no rely today us employees. upon They

Anna could yet have warm clothbeen left less affected by the depression, is in the past; and if business positions

the trained office workthan however, likely are they anywhere, available are after worked, hour sheing. Hour

abilspecialized their of Because Placeour available to through be her ers. pattern, urgingpicking up the replaced, easily and be ity, they cannot Department. ment

fingers until they became nimble they are kept on the pay roll in spite Those who prepare themselves will again. Aunt Catherine hinted for of business conditions. eventually be rewarded. Those who

in renothing can expect completely activity nothing does not do Business still knitted. Gloriawarm biscuits;

falls the hardest lot their turn. depresbusiness a there is To when for food cameRodney years. after in poorest pay and work bookkeepers Stenographers supplies sion.cease and

which Victoria, blushing prettily, are being promoted to executive posiIf you have confidence in yourself, got together for him. Gloria did tions every day. Young women in ofif you believe that you can make good

not care whether the older people replaced.fices are beingNew marriedbusinessesand aremustbeingbe iftheyoutimeare togivenget ayourchance,training.then thisWeis

were fed or not. She carefully launched and new offices are being invite you to call at the school office

stored away enough milk to supopened. The chances for securing emfor further discussion of your personal

the attached couoffice or to mail situation; trained worker the by little for ployment children the threeply

information. vocaas in great as oon for detailed are probably any

herselfthe entire applied day, and to her task.

seems to "There be no milk."S. BUSINESS COLLEGE Catherine's was L. D. monotoneAunt

80 North Maingently complaining. "Not even

milk, let alone cream."ENTER ANY MONDAY

"Rodney or Victoria will have to do the milking,"Gloria did Gentlemen MAIL FOR FREE CATALOG opportunities in business and the information regarding further Please send menot even Click—click, office. in position to secure a required good an training must finish theflew in obligate not way. This will any me the needles—shelook up.

her sock before dark.

Aunt Catherine lost her placidiName ty. "Did I hear you aright?"She

assumed a dignified, statuesque atAddress titude. "Do you infer that my Occupation Age

Victoria shall milk a cow? Are Era

we not guests in my brother's 754 The Improvement Era for October, 1931

<fcH*r;-.<*> "That my daughter should store room, where there was still a

work,"she moaned. "To what vacant bed.

daily visit, Rodney, on his saw all tasks the A].FTER in Victoria trudging the barntoward lamp. were finished she took up her Come depths have I fallen!"

yard and felt a respect for her There was still a half inch of oil.

pluck. "Hi, Vic,"he called, *T11 Perhaps she could look at the ilmilk two to your one; is it a go?"lustrations in that book. Perhaps Today As she knitted and purled, she could read a little—-just a very

Gloria thought of the Prince and little. Surely they would not flog

and see the finest neverthe Pauper,been read.the bookHow whichshe longedhad aheldtrueherPrincelamp ofin England.one hand andShe

to go up there for seclusion—for went into the library.

cares which seemed to crush in promptly engaged this new boy to Hotpoint peace, for a brief respite from the When Jonas came home he upon her. Fingers, hurry. Socks do all the chores. The task of

least. And ney was too much for his father, Automatic mustdren. beSixmadepairs,for atthe three chilenforcing employment upon Rodthree sweaters. the boy contending that if he had

to prove up on land, he should anything to expected do not be ELECTRIC the washed CjLORIA else. the accepted newcomer Jonas

dishes after the others slept. There

said and was, he he for what for Catherso many, not were Aunt I the questions. Through asked no RANGE table. set a to ine refused There had

railpioneering of vicissitudes and for a plenty, Rodmilk been had respect the to roading, he come had Victoria contest ney's had with it pitisilences men. of But was

pails. resulted in There brimming

this that was evident fully boy too. breakfast She for milk was

labor. His to hard not accustomed

set sliced the bacon and mush Its wonderful convenience, tender. soft One were to hands and the bread and washed mixed cleanliness are soak, and economy cattle, the pitching to of day hay

she buckets. the opened milk As please sure to you. blistered. his were hands and

last the to the out throw door water, a slender dark form stepped Gloria knitted him a pair of mitinto the shaft of light. tens. His feet became frostbitten.

chillblains. suffered with and he

"Lady,"it was the voice of a Still, pluckily to the work. he stuck

lost her Gloria sudden boy and sense give One day in the early spring could "lady, of fear, you requested Jonas him to go to Lott a job and a place to sleep, and me for cheese. Gascom's

a meal?"Francis was eagerly willing to

The Whitman door had never serve. He took the money for the

been closed against the wayfarer. cheese, and the burlap sack in

That was an unwritten code. Alwhich to carry it. Yes, he knew

though there were none too many the way. He had seen the house

provisions in the pantry, Gloria when he rode for a lost calf.

the opened wider door and moSort keeps dogs. 'That man $5 to enter. tioned for slender, him A ones, Here. of nasty know. you Down refined, welldressed stood boy betake buckskin coat. Be caremy\ fore her. evidently not He was ful."said Jonas.

of the of order tramps. i Places any model you select in common

i your home The valise which he carried was LoTT GASCOM had

COMPLETELY madenew. ofhisleather.shoes Hissubstantialclothes wereand waited a long while, hoping Jonas

INSTALLED shiny. "My name is Francis Conrad.

My folks came originally from Iowa. I am thirteen and I want

work. I am strong. I can learn.

I don't want wages. Only a place

felt twirled to stay."a new He

his plea. as UTAH POWER & hat nervously he made

LIGHT CO. His eyes wandered longingly to the

table, where stood a pan of milk.

Efficient Public Service Gloria fed him and asked no embarrassing questions. When he

had eaten she took him up to the

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 755

Whitman would send his son for revenge was plenty. He called the Francis was laid tenderly on the

cheese. He chafed under the sting dogs off, and sauntered up to the kitchen couch, and all flew to obey

of losing such valuable pasture. prostrate boy. Gloria's orders. They put up a

The knowledge that Jonas had let "Guess your dad won't jump bed in the parlor, beside the wax him play a bluff until Rodney was my land again,"he began and flowers and the big piano. Aided

of proper age, was galling. There stopped open mouthed. This boy with a lantern, Anna gathered

was no redress; no come back. was not Rodney Whitman. This sagebrush leaves for tea. These

It all Besides, lawful. was was he hand was boy rags dipped steeped Gloria used and whitefaced—his States. citizen anot the of United teeth bore marks. ugly was Blood the tea the But in wounds. to bind ancestors his of had someBut his his foot above oozing from face, Francis'to rose and a flush to knife an adversaryknown how fainted. shoe. Francis Lott had

in the back, and the shifting eyes Gascom was frightened into silence. no fever reducing perspiration apand the unkempt hair covered a But he did get out his old light peared. His whole body became

brain that watched for revenge. wagon and took the suffering boy hot and dry. In moments of

Twilight came early in Cripple back to the ranch. Jonas Whitman spasmodic sleep he called wildly;

Creek Canyon. While the sun had did not need to ask questions. "Nice doggie! Nice doggie!"

not set when Francis rode away from the Whitman home, shadows were gathering as he approached The Average Smoker Spends $75.00 Per Year For Tobacco.

the dilapidated premises of Lott

Gascom. Lulu was in the house

dividing her time between a lovelynew book with a yellow cover and You Save Money the scanty evening meal. Lottleaned against the wall in a broken By Not Smoking

chair. The sound of approaching

hoofs reached his ear. Instantly but

he was alert. A customer was

salecoming. of another The It Do You Save the Money? acceptable. be cheese would

meant more tobacco, more corn meal, another of those books for money.Smoke fundThey foundersopen an individualdo save theacLulu. Pleasure turned to exultacount with Lewis 8 Ballif, 119

tion when Lott recognized the South Main, Salt Lake City, which for Fundapurchases them company coatbuckskin of Jonas'Whitman.

participate Shares. mental Trust They

fairly horsemanHe let the come fundamental in the earnings of the 40 close, then whistled quickly, fiercecompanies of the United States.

ly. The seven dogs rushed from Due to the depressed market condiunder the house like an advancing finetions,timerightto buynowcommonis an exceptionallystocks. The

horde; they threw themselves at the smoke fund gives the investor of small

old plow horse which floundered means, an opportunity to buy the same helplessly under their attack. They highgradebv big operatorssecuritieson Wallas areStreet.purchased

leaped upward, joyously eager for This investment combines the adthe permission to give battle. vantage of marketability, safety, and

high earning power.

"Nice doggies! Nice doggies!"You can turn the savings from a

called Francis. But his voice had worthless habit into financial

no weight against their cries. He independence by founding

reached out his hand to pat the a smoke fund. Let us

nearest head, thinking to be friendtell you more about ly, and his reward was a quick, sharp bite. He screamed in fright.

The horse plunged wildly, the dogs leaped higher in the joy of conflict. The largest of the pack

caught Francis'foot in a terrific grip, against which the boy had "Ismoking.have savedWhy thousandsdidn't I saveof dollarsthe mdney?"by not

no chance. He lost his hold on

the bridle, the old horse gave another plunge, and the boy fell to Smoke Fund the ground. Lott Gascom at first Salt Lake City, Utah, Box 825 felt that Rodney had become womanish. Where was his whip, Owen Woodruff, Manager

which had heretofore put fear into the dogs? Where was his horse,

so skilled in kicking? Well, the

756 The Improvement Era for October, 1931

Dawn brought no improve- J ONAS sent to the city ment. Rodney looked sick, Jonas

Don't Play forwhoturpentine.had used itHeonknewa mana doctorwho thewas beddeathlymoanedwhite.and Thetossedboyin hison

was hurt on the railroad. Still fever. "Nice doggie! Nice doghe called. Gloria done had the not subside. fever did Aunt gie!"Blind Man's

last her best. spent her She had forgot to complain. Catherine

Victoria milked the cows without dollar; she had prayed, while JoBuff—comment. Rodney came and hoed nas thought her sleeping.

feverishly in the garden, cutting Then came a welcome sound on off weeds and potatoes alike, or the small stones which formed the

Victoria came back dooryard. stood white faced at the parlor Buy carnews; a in with the rushing door.

"Nice doggie!"called Francis. riage had arrived, a beautiful black

carriage with two prancing horses. KNIGHT "I'll write to mother!"

bag. Spring more.GloriaIf feltthereshe wascoulda motherdo no There were three men, one with a

estate,"Aunt my grandfather's sickness. of his boy But the know Canyon somewhere for this boy, she should "Just like the king, coming to Yes, Catherine was all importance. reticent about and evasive had been

his family; he had written no letthere was a sick boy here; yes, he

ters and received no mail. So Gloria had been bitten by dogs. Yes, she

went up to the store room and had helped care for him. What

found his valise. There were his lovely horses!

regular clothes. Another suit; # several shirts. Plenty of store IT took only a few momade socks. Down at the bottom ments for the doctor to give Francis

memm. of the valise, in a neat leather a quieting medicine; to swab the

folder, she found what she sought. ugly wounds with a dark brown

A card said simply: liquid which he called iodine.

Or "In case of accident, notify my father They prepared a bed in the carriJudge Truman Conrad."age; the doctor asked short, terse

questions which Gloria answered ROYAL with clarity. J UDGE CONRAD, the "Your sage tea and turpentine

austere judge who came regularly were all that saved him,"the docCOAL to their own county seat to mete tor's verdict sounded like paeans of out justice! What sort of justice joy to Gloria.

*'.'&. had lie issued to his son, to send "I thought he had gone to Calihome. from him Only away frantic father fornia!"was The

forty miles l.M Royal oal they away, were wonjudge. austere grave, longer the no

//of'/t Clean dering where their son was. "I never dreamed he would hide

v:- '.'':CT:.'a*&;vi, There was but one thing to do. out so near home. He wants to

Gloria went out to the milk cellar, study bugs and beetles and bees!

Recognized as Utah's Cleanand from the dirt floor she pulled I want him to study law. And

crock. a small the In bottom up ran rather than law, he study est, Hardest, Hottest Coals by-

a coins. tinkled few Whether the away!"thousands thousands and of children shoes not, this or egg had leave, to they were ready When

users and sold by leading money was needed now. Without Francis was conscious enough to

dealers throughout the West. returning to the house for a wrap smile his gratitude to Gloria.

or to explain her absence, she Judge Conrad drew a card from turned into the road toward the his pocket, wrote on it quickly and it to Gloria. ever "If you

said gravely, Knight Fuel stationthree miles,and thebutpostthisoffice.was urgent.It was handedneed help,"he "send

Company AmanmessageConrad,must orgo toelseJudgethe Truboy or "Here,bring thisMrs. cardWhitman,"to me."the docwould die. tor handed Gloria the partial bottle

of iodine, ever anhave "if you Royal Coal wordsClick,wentclick,over thethe wire:portentous other this such case, help you may

"Bring a d'octor and a carriage and dog more than sage tea."His glance Company bite medicine to the ranch of Jonas Whitswept the entire room, resting on

man to save your son Francis."the gourds on the whatnot.

Salt Lake City, Utah "Those are certainly unique,"

L. E. Adams, Gen. Sales Agt. IHE precious egg money he picked up one and examined it

was nearly all gone, but it made critically. "Don't suppose you

no difference. would care to sell me one?"He

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 757

reached for the gourd with the curVictoria was combing Aunt Cathved handle, where the trapped erine's hair. The empty milk buckmonkey squirmed vainly to escape ets stood upon the table. Peter Axles and Wheels

with his sugar. "I'll give you had come downstairs. He was

twentyfive dollars for it!"he crouched up against the wall beAligned in Your Car

laughed. hind the. stove, whimpering for All Service

Gloria thought of milk."All it needed to make it look Guaranteed

the empty crock in the cellar floor; exactly like a king's carriage, was

of the coming winter and its needs. a coatof-arms,"Aunt Catherine's

But there was her father's admonvoice was droningly even. "A Safety BrakesCo,

ition: "Keep them with you alcoat-ofarms does add distinction

ways."to an estate. I should love one Salt Lake City, Utah

'They are not for sale."Her done in blue and gold. The Whitanswer was almost a whisper. man family are entitled to one, too.

They were gone. The driver King George, when he falconed on

guiding his team carefully, to a- my grandfather's estate, gave them void all possible jars. Aunt Cathone. I declare Gloria, I can't see

erine craned her neck to catch the why you refused to sell that gourd last fleeting glimpse of the shiny to the doctor. Twentyfive dolcarriage. Gloria went back into lars would have been most welthe parlor, littered with the confucome. A new brush and comb

sion of a sick room, still smelling would be most acceptable."

of the turpentine and sage. One Gloria made no answer. She

of the wax domes had been cracked, merely took up the milk buckets Perfect Brake Service some of the everlasting daisies had and set out for the barn. As she

been ground into the carpet. But passed the cellar, she put the crock 100% Specialists

the twelve gourds still remained back in its hiding place and drop52-54 E. 4th So., Bet. Main & State Sts.

intact on the whatnot. ped forty cents, the remains from Was. 3206

the telegram, into it. It meant the 50c allowed on any job with

of this price of one little shoe for one litthe presentation kitchen the UT in O advertisement. tle foot. in the groping emptyRodney was

wood box for whittling material. (To be continued)

Already Superior—

Now Better Still!

m Mountaineer Overalls EQUIPPED WITH StopLoss Pockets wear greater satisfaction longer—give

The same famous "Mountaineer"quality of material, design and workmanship—with these famous new pockets, which

really protect your tools and valuables, etc., included at no

extra cost to you.

Ask for them at your Dealer's!

Mountaineer Overalls and:B!(1 Work Suits

(Equipped with StopLoss Pockets) by Manufactured Are no more?

I. Z. C. M. CLOTHING FACTORY

Salt Lake City 758 The Improvement Era for October, 1931

Continued from? The Unfinished Songpage 726

forAutomatic foolish toys that walked stiffly on He couldn't live in the city. His.

the floor or table. In the bottom feet were too firmly planted in

of the box was a picture. of Paula, the soil which he and Paula too,

but Carl's eyes saddened as he at one time, had loved as they looked at it for it was not the loved each other. The house was

homeloving Paula who had gone full of memories and these would away six months before. Her have to satisfy him.

smooth, honeycolored hair had

was busy packing LIE it the sponwas not smile—well,been artistically waved and her before day they were taneous smile which had been one his bag the

at the Water Heating of Paula's chief charms. windowto leave, towhenwatchhe asstoppedthe last rays

of the sun touched the pine trees.

1HE picture was careHe thought that the darkness so fully placed against the sugarbowl soon to follow could be no deeper while the men were eating. They than that of his life without his

played she was really with them wife.

and were very careful to pass her He idly watched a car traveling the choicest bits of food. swiftly up the valley. As it drew

New Year's day passed and Valnearer he recognized John's car, entine brought Carl a big candy and ran rapidly downstairs for

Refrigeration butheartPaula'spiercedletterby adweltgoldenuponarrow,the onlycould makesomethingJohn travelof importanceso swiftly.

plans for her coming appearance His friend jumped from the car and not upon Carl or her home. and ran to the house waving a

The farm work was doubled pale yellow sheet of paper.

with the plowing and then trebled Carl's heart beat with quick, as Carl worked to get his crops paralyzing thumps. At this time

in. Almost before he knew it a wire could only mean bad news.

summer had come. He couldn't see the, words when

He had wondered often which the paper was thrust in his hand.

season he liked best. Spring was He stared stupidly at it.

filled with the warm winds that "She is coming home, Carl."

carried hints of growing things. John said quietly.

Summer was glowing with richThen Carl found strength to

Heating ness, and autumn fulfilled spring's read the words.

promises. Even winter was lovely "Paula leaving New York tobecause the soil then he loved rested day. Airmail letter follows. Don't PMBJMHMIj*- - - -.. ""''"travail, after her and he thought worry.

sadly of his hopes and Paula's of "Stephen Howard."

life. 5 a fruitful married

the John saw WNLY had begun 1 AULA that to agony of Carl. wait He cb"eg sending clippings from eastern pacleaned the thoroughly. house He

pers. little clever were items They

it until filled chopped the wood still to overflowing and in Cooking hintingmusic lovers.at the surpriseAs the intimestoredrewfor woodshedJohn saw, his eyes, the quesnearer to Paula's debut they betions that were running through

came more glowing, heralding, achis mind. The older man stayed

cording to the writer, the coming with him, calming him with his of one of the greatest singers the own quiet strength.

country had produced. At last the letter came, but it

Paula's excited letters were full was to John.

of gowns and costumes.

Carl and John were to leave "Dear John, on the first of October and both 'You were right as you always looked forward eagerly to their are. I had no business interfering

trip. But in his heart Carl feared with the lives of two people. I

would break the slender tie that but I'm afraid. Does it Best to go. He was afraid his visit hope the damage can be repaired, Come In—Get Details now bound them together, their "Paula was singing Tuesdaylives holding so little in common. her first pretentious attempt with

The Improvement Era for October, 1931 759

a full orchestra, and it was marperfect I she velous. was thought PURPOSES:!

first her, but heard when I is the purpose of issuing the ERA? BAKERIZED you What

before the reader says to place EDITOR THEshould have heard her after a year consciousness. in moral of the improve ways to some

and a half with Carrel. She sang THE ADVERTIZER to acquaint you with results

as I think no one has ever sung beof what improved methods has done for you.

fore. Then suddenly, what started THEAil theseARTISTqualitiesto improveare representedyour values inof beauty.no one

out to be a beautiful high note, thingTUMING.more than in the science and art of COSchanged to a harsh, cracked sob. Our new catalog is one of the most complete, SERVICE

least effort issued. yet the you may With course, frantic. "Carrel, of was in plays, operas, readily wish locate what you may

operettas, parades, pageants, parties, house at her throat then I looked and cosWe InviteNewYouModelsTo See Our etc. tumes, wigs, makeup,

called Dr. Sargent, the specialist. We will gladly loan you a copy of any of our

You know him by reputation. He operas or operettas for examination. BAKER MOTOR

says her trouble is more nervous SALTJOHNLAKEHANSEN,COSTUMEPres. and Mgr. CO. COMPANY

than anything else. But she can't Was. 999 33 W. Bdwy., Salt Lake City, Utah 3rd South and 3rd East

sing a note.

"Sargent says she may sing again, providing she has complete rest and quiet, in a month or a year. Or she may never sing again.

"I am writing to you instead of Carl because you can tell him in a kinder way than I can. He

isn't to worry about the money, it means nothing to me.

"Paula says nothing but I am sure she is heartbroken and I blame myself severely. I promised her

everything and fate refused to keep the promise.

"Paula will arrive at Pineland

Friday at 2:55 p. m. I'm glad

that you will be with them.

"Sincerely, "Stephen Howard."

John handed the letter to Carl.

It seemed the best thing to do.

r EW words were spoken between the two men the rest of that night. Carl's mind was a

jumble of emotions. He was happy

because he was to see Paula again in their own home. But Dr.

Howard said that she was heartbroken, and his own heart ached for her. He doubted that she could

ever be happy again in this quiet place, after the crowds and noiseof a big city. And Paula had SET YOUR DIALS TO 1290 K. C.

loved to sing. Could she be happy

if her lovely voice had turned todry, choking sobs? FOR 18& HOURS

John called for Carl at noon of BRILLIANT and VARIED ENTERTAINMENT the next day. They were to drive

to Pineland together. Carl wassilent and worried. EVERY DAY

"It can't be the same again, John.""No, it won't be the same, but maybe you can find happiness again, Carl.""I don't see how. Paula didn't K.-D"Y-want to go at first, but when she THE popular STATION

got over her homesickness she was 760 The Improvement Era for October, 1931

carried away by her happiness and to be to please you. I know you

are in ambition."disappointed both me be- $35.00 her

I cause can't become famous. 'Yes, I know, Carl, but don't

Elgin worry. You can't settle anything That's why I've hated coming

Watches until you've seen her."home, but I don't care any more.

afraid of the people was and they rode the rest of the way I So for $25.00 the noise of all of Carrel. and most silence. in

We have made I lied in my letters so you would a foirltunate think I liked being what you wantpurchase and 1 T was a tearstained ed me to be. But I couldn't forleft train give you the the a few Paula who get my home—and you, Carl. I bargain. later. her minutes seemed She old just couldn't."

The house of virgin diamonds self as she ran to Carl', but an The hysterical note was rising as aloofness returned she shook as higher she higher dropped and ENSENSIEWELERS her took John, hands with and feet. at his her knees on It MAIN car. seat in the

tell I "I glad was you ST.?5EI! when

John would have left them at I couldn't sing anymore."

their door, but Paula insisted that he stay for dinner. She seemed John left the room and, sitting

afraid to let him go. alone beside the warm kitchen

Index to Advertisers She left the two men to stir stove, he thought that fate was a after promises of judge good fire the while she uppretty up went Page Company all. stairs to put of the house on one >|s j|c l c % 759 Motor CompanyBaker

Beet Sugar, 749 dresses left hanging in her closet.

Beneficial Life Insurance Co.—-Back Cover Carl had asked her not to put

743Bennett Glass S Paint Co.

1 747 them away. He said she seemed OHORTLY after Paula's DairyBrainard's

Broadway Felt Co. 748 nearer while they were hanging failure, John took a long contem747 there. Information ofBureau trip plated abroad consumed which 739 Coal Citizens Company Dinner was prepared and eaten the his return year. a full Upon -Harris Dairy 743 LeafClover

Cutler's Clothes Co. 746 almost in silence. John longed haze of late autumn covered the

738 relieve the tension could to butDeseret Company Book were fields, the mountains and

Society 749 BuildingDeseret If of Carl think had way. no and scarlet in their glorious brown 752 PressDeseret News suffering suffered before he was the to decided dress. to walk He 749 Co. CleanerEureka Vacuum

Ghirardelli, D. Co. 747 more intensely now. Paula was Polster farm, more fully to enjoy

Granite Furniture Co. 740 nervous and it seemed hard for her the beauty he so much loved.

Grant, Heber J. Co. 751 to speak.

Husler Flour Mills, The 742 Later they sat in the living room At the gate he stopped in amazeIndependent Coal 8 Coke Co 746 in darkness until Carl touched a ment. Paula was singing happily

than voice moreilntermountain to the fire already laid in—her 9 match it Y L) Broadcasting Co. 75 (K D one ever been had before—notbeautiful the fireplace. 760 JewelersJensens masteror of Handel's Wagner's

748 Corp. BoilerKewanee slowly looking stood Paula motherly, crooning but a -, 756 Fuel CompanyKnight the winpieces, the She room. saw around 753 College lullaby. Business D. S.L. plants, their blooming with dows Art 739 Music of School 8McCune

-*ictfI>Mmthe bright chair the big with Co. States ImplementMountain

Inside Front Cover chintz cover where Carl liked to 751 LaundryMurray fields. after in the rest a hard day you for what you are, LOVE 747 Ltd. Parry,Parry 8 rest eyes she let her then yet for I love And I but more you 742Pembroke & Company piano. saw the Both men be. are upon to going you what 748 Ass'n CementPortland

Quish School of Beauty Culture 750 them film with tears, and Carl's I love you not so much for your

Safety Brakes Co.. 757 heart ached with her pain. Then realities as for your ideals. I pray

Fixture Cabinet Co 745 Salt Lake S at she looked shelf the the above desires be that they for your may:Salt 744 Co. Casket Lake fireplace Carl placed where had satisthe great, for rather your than 9 75 Salt Costume Lake Co picture she sent at Christmas had factions, so hazardbe which may 745 Salt Hardware Lake Co.—

Salt Lake Knitting Co -, 745 time. ously little.

Sears Roebuck 8 Co. 751 "Who put that there?"A satisfied flower is one whose

741Sego Milk Company fall. petals to are about most The 745Shapiro Trunk Co & Bag rose is beautiful hardly one more B.Stringham, 741 Benjamin

Taylor, Joseph Wm., Inc..—744 J'OHN heard the harsh, than a bud wherein the pangs and

Troy Laundry Company 75 cracked note as she spoke. ecstasies of desire are working for

Utah Gas 8 Coke Co 758 She ran to the fireplace and tore larger and finer growth.

School of Beauty Culture752 HighUtah the across. picture faced Then she always shall you be what Not

Co. Oil Refining InsideUtah Back Cover the two surprised men. are Her lips you now, Utah Co. Power 754 8 Light

Utah Savings 8 Trust Co 740 were stiff and her face was white You are going forward toward

Woodruff, Owen W. 755 and tense. something great. I am on the way

Z. C. M. I. 757 "I hate that picture. I'm not with you and therefore I love you.

like that. It's the way I've tried—Charles Sandburg.

arefree Motoring...in all seasons

...under all conditions

Your motor gives superior performance motor oil. Made at the same refinery, to

only when you supply it with superior the same high standards of quality, Vico fuel and oil. is the best motor oil your money can

Pep 88 gasoline is the best your money buy.

can buy. It is refined by a $100,000 Recent improvements in Vico include:

extra process which gives it a better higher flashpoint; lower cold test; better

fast pickup, in quickstarting, balance oxidation test; reduced carbon content.

and more milesper-gallon. speed, power,

In addition, Pep 88 is the cleanest motor In fact, Vico is the real carbonfree oil, fuel. Rigid tests show that it contains being 99.94 % free from carbon.

less carbon and less sulphur than any So fill up with these "teammates in imported regular gasoline in this terripower"wherever you see the familiar tory. Pep 88 and Vico sign—and enjoy carefree

The ideal teammate for Pep 88 is Vico motoring at minimum cost.

Make it a point to visit our exhibit at the Utah State Fair, lfou will be cordially welcomed.

Manufactured and Guaranteed by

UTAH OIL REFINING CO., Salt Lake City

SON, MY ONLY REGRET IS THAT I DID NOT TAKE

I MORE WHEN WAS YOUNG

How many times have you heard experienced men of the older generation make this statement?

A common expression of course, because there is no investment safer

No savings method so sure as INSURANCE.

The one savings plan that positively assures an estate whether you live or not.

Have any Beneficial representative explain the many added features in policies issued by

<Jhe BIG HOME COMPANY

0f "** *f\UjelmwmciIs your BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT, President SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH E. T. RALPHS, General Mgr.

NO WISE MAN DARES BE WITHOUT LIFE INSURANCE PROTECTION