/ImprouementlEra

... - ND BETTER GIFT THAN ADDITIONAL

PRODUCTIVE INDUSTRIES FOR CONTINUED GROWTH, UTAH, AS A MINING STATE, MUST NOT ONLY

ENCOURAGE EXPANSION OF HER PRESENT INDUSTRIES BUT NEW ONES

MUST BE SOUGHT TO FURTHER DEVELOP HER BOUNTEOUS STORES OF

NATURAL RESOURCES.

NEW INDUSTRIES ENLARGE PAYROLLS, SUPPLY PURCHASES AND COMMERCE WITHIN A STATE AND GENERALLY STIMULATE PROSPERITY

THROUGH THE DEVELOPMENT OF NATURAL RESOURCES.

MANY STATES ARE VIGOROUSLY SEEKING NEW INDUSTRY, AND ADVERTISING THEIR ADVANTAGES.

UTAH'S METAL MINES AGAIN URGE THAT WE MAKE CONDITIONS IN OUR

STATE SO FAVORABLE THAT NONE CAN AFFORD TO OVERLOOK THE

ADVANTAGES OF LOCATING IN UTAH.

THE METAL MINING INDUSTRY DF UTAH

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

'T'he iron in the whole body is about * enough to make a large shingle nail.

"D ecords in Connecticut and Wiscon- r"sin show that pedestrians who drive are better able to avoid accidents than those who don't have drivers'licenses.

'T'he bacteria in the ocean probably

A use more oxygen than all the fish and all other visible animals together suggests Dr. C. E. ZoBell. A quart

of ocean water may contain from a hundred thousand to ten million bacteria.

jDecent studies have undertaken *V to discover how much the difference in distress experienced by different people under the same paingiving conditions is due to differences in perception or pain threshold, and to what extent it is due to differences in reaction to pain. It has been found that the

pain threshold of persons of different -WALT DISNEY PRODUCTIONS ages and sex is aoout the same, and All. RIGHTS RESERVED

independent of the individual's opinion of his or her sensitiveness. The sensitiveness to pain is uniform throughout QUESTION "Is 'RPM'the best coldstarting oil you make?"

the twentyfour-hour day and is not affected by feelings of lethargy, tension, ANSWER Not only the best we or loss of a night's sleep. make, but "tops"among all oils

4 we know about—Eastern or West- T'he amount of electricity in a light-

A ning bolt, striking from a cloud to ern! Thanks to newprocess refinthe earth for about onefiftieth of a ing and complete dewaxing "RPM"

second, is only enough to light a hunflows the instant you touch your dredwatt lamp for about three minutes, according to C. F. Wagner, from starter. Saves engine wear. Saves

observations with a new device, the drag and wear on your battery magnetic surge integrator. caused by coldstiffened oil. You

4 can t beat "RPM"for easy starting.HP'he Periopthalmus fish, or mud-

A skipper, in Australia, not only swims, but it also walks and leaps. With a

stroke of its tail it may skip over a yard U0te/coitemie7/UO heUTa quart of mud. Shorter skips are made with

fins, its pectoral the are help of which STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA feet modified to be used as and even hands in climbing up the oystercov- ered mangrove roots to bask in the sun. In addition to its gills the tail ifar (EJjriatmaB

It is for breathing. helps as an organ subscription. an Send The ERA ERA will Land of Sunshine and Romance if gift the fish even thought might for card "drown"send a to each one whom

kept in water too long. you subscribe. See the pyramids and great Ancient

Cities fight, bull of 2000 years a (See Coupon on page 710) ago—see 4 enjoy ride the boat and flower a among banding birds, authentic cases are "D y of Xcilimilco. gardensU known of birds flying across the LOS ANGELES

Atlantic Ocean to North America. The Private Tour Dnce Each Month

most numerous records are of the kittiHold Lsinkershim Drive Your Car or Ride With Us wake marked as young in England $2.507TH & BROADWAY$3.00 $3.50 Very PhoneReasonable55311 Rate

which have been recovered later in "NoNoBargainingWorry"Or Write for Free Interesting Folder to Labrador Blackand Newfoundland. LOS ANGELES

Frank Wishon, Operator DEWEY FARNSWORTH headed gulls marked in East Prussia P. O. Box 1584 Salt Lake City

(Concluded on page 710) (bo yoiL JOwiVWhat the average lifespan of a hu-/MmprooemenT Era man being is today? 707

'The Glory of God is Intelligence'Where evidences of overlapping ancient civilizations are being disGrant, J. covered? 708, Heber 709 1940DECEMBER, Widtsoe, A. John certain are gold what significance 12 43 NUMBERVOLUME Editors Of

plates in Persia? discovered 714 L. Evans, Richard

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor What attitude the churches held toMarba C. Josephson, ward recreation a few score years

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS,OFFICIAL OF THE ORGAN Editor Associate ago? 716

DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENTMUTUAL Morris, Mgr. General Q. COMMITTEE, MUSIC EDUCATION, OFMENT Porter Rockwell, as a boy, How Associate Mgr. Cannon, G. WARD GeorgeLucy CHURCH OF THE AGENCIES OTHERTEACHERS, AND his for the friendship manifested Orton, Business Mgr. J. K. SAINTS. LATTERDAY OF CHRISTOF JESUS

718 Prophet Joseph?

Where a notable cornerstonelaying took place recently? 720

Some practical ways to stop smoking? 72

Story of Old Heber J* Grant 713 Whothe weredignityoutstandingof theexamplescommonof man? 724 What President Clark said at the

To a World at War The First Presidency 712 October general conference conpublica- cerning unauthorized Recreation of Smith, Leader and Lover a Joseph tions? 725 716 A. Skidmore Rex

a child the can easily learn How Falls Temple of Idaho the Cornerstone the of The Layinq Ten 727 Commandments?

Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 720 In what way certain returned misConcerning Unauthorized Publications... J, Reuben Clark, Jr. 725 sionaries are making Doctrine

Evidences and Reconciliations—XXXIL To What Extent and Covenants, 84:80 apply to

them? 728 737 A. Widtsoe John Be Interpreted? Prophecy May

a "heart disease"which endanOf 733 of Progress, GusChurch Moves On Crowns Three tive O. Larson 726 Priesthood: Melchizedek 744 gers the spiritual life? 729

How a Child Can Learn the Ten Aaronic 747 How missionaries in Alaska are

Commandments, Harold L. Ward Teaching 748 carrying on their work? 730

Campaign, 727 AntiLiquor-Tobacco Snow hooks What make good Christmas 744, 745, 747 721, Pocatello Stake Agricultural Adgifts for children? 731

visory Committee Activities, Music:

A. Y. Satterfield 727 The Organist As AccompanFrom which Pacific Ocean missions

When Missionaries Return, Virist, Frank W. Asper 750 the missionaries have been evacuginia Riches 728 Genealogy 75 ated? 735

Executives..752 Messages: 728 Mutual Waters Troubled Across To what extent prophecy may be

Interest 752 Special Looketh on the Heart, Lord The interpreted? 737 Gaston Chappuis 729 M MenGleaners 753

Missionaries in the North CounExplorers 753 What may be considered the outtry 730 Juniors 754 standing household aid developThey Saw It Through, Hans H. Scouts 755 ment of recent years? 740

Hart 730 BeeHive Girls 755 The difference between the monthly quorum meeting and the monthly leadership meeting in the MelGold Plates in Persia Franklin S, Harris 714 chizedek Priesthood? 744

holiday suggestions are being What II Alfen 718 Nicholas Porter Orrin Van Rockwell—Chapter 752 A. departments? made to M. I. 721 Kellogg to Harvey Stop Smoking John The Way

The Dignity of the Common Man Gunnar Rasmuson 724

Christmas Books for Children Marba C. Josephson 731 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

"Something Old—Something New"Emily H. Bennett 740 OFFICES:

Exploring the Universe, Franknett 740 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City. Utah.

lin S. Harris, Jr 705 Cooks'Corner, Barbara B. Copyright 1940, by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorLooking Back at Ancient AmerBurnett 743 poration of the Young Men's Mutual ImproveAssociation Jesus Christ ment Church of of the Sisters and Laraine King Farnsworth 708 The ica, Dewey

rights Saints. Latterday reserved. All Sub-.- 752 of Charles E. Ancient America, Day in scription price, a year, $2.00 advance; Dibble 709 Index to Advertisers 758 single copy. 20c

from of Timpanogos 739 Impressions the Book Rack On

England, S. "Something Old Homing: J. J. Wise 761 Utah,Enteredas secondclassat the Post matter.Office, SaltAcceptanceLake City,for

Something New,"Emily BenYour Page and Ours 768 mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917, jMJbiicdiu authorized July 2, 1918.

"Lost Causes"Richard L. Evans 736 forTheunsolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era isbutnotwelcomesresponsibleconChristmas, 1940 Marba C. Josephson 736 tributions.by sufficientAllpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust beandaccompaniedreturn.

JidtiotL, (posrfju, QjwA&uo&vdL (pu%%JbL NATIONAL ADVERTISING Orrin Porter Rockwell—The True Story of a Man REPRESENTATIVES

Chapter II Nicholas Van Alfen 718 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

Remember the Day Rosa Lee Lloyd 722 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

As Understanding Begins Josephine Joy 726

Frontispiece: Four Strangers Poetry Page 732 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

Met in Bethlehem, Carlton Scriptural Crossword Puzzle 766 CIRCULATIONS

Culmsee 711

against silhouettes Stewart Boyer cover *7//> study by David iflllCjt The*+ a A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY L/ that stands Smith the statue on background of Joseph Temple

Temple Square in Salt Lake City. December 23, 1940, is the 135th anniversary of the

birth of the Prophet. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

SAlffl GLAUS HAD 25 rails A tenyear-old Santa in tight trousers came into our store the other day. He wandered from aisle to aisle, through

a dazzling array of hats, gloves, perfumes, bags—but not

a thing could he buy. For he had only 25 cents.

But finally he came to a counter where there was a pile of beautifully embroidered handkerchiefsmarked "4 for $1.00."He hesitated a moment. "Miss "he called to the

smiling young lady behind the counter, "how much would one be?"

"One?—Why a quarter."

"Then I'll take one,"he replied, handing over the pennies he had clutched in his hand. "It's a present for my Mom!"

"How nice! I'll wrap it as a gift,"she said.

"Oh boy—SWELL!"cried Johnny. And his eyes fairly

popped as his gift was glorified in crisp white layers of tissue and shimmering ribbon.

For we believe in Christmas. Throughout the hustle and

bustle, we haven't forgotten that it's the season of open hearts and good will to men. We're just as anxious to

make it an unforgettable occasion for you—whether your

gift is one handkerchief, or a mink coat.

And in our heart we know, no one will be happier than the mother somewhere in town who will find a handkerchief from her son on Christmas morning in a box fromThe Christmas City

LOOKING BACK AT

By DEWEY FARNSWORTH Publisher of "Grandeur of Ancient

America"and "Buried Empires of

South America"NEW SHIPS FOR AMERICA'S MOST FAMOUS FLEET

Seven New Identical President Liners for RoundWorld Service

THE PALACE OF SAYIL

building is low of America. appropriately, the first house The be called, apartment It could more

rooms long. seventytwo It contains half block stories one rambling, high, and about three Soon seven new President and In the city of Sayil, in the modem state of Yucatan, is a massive ruin known as the palace.

suite. reached They were Liners will be circling the en

extending to thei by iaterracesbroad, of outsidethe secondstoneandstairwaythird floors.on each Assideusual,of thethe building,building the ground from

globe. Seven new ships dehas no windows, for the sun shining through the doorways on the white stucco floors, was reflected

signed from unparalleled exinto the farthest corners of the rooms, providing ample light. ("Lost Empires,"Willard.)

perience: More than three

hundred and eighty trips around the world and nine million miles safely and on time.

The new President Liners are big and broad and deep for easy riding with airconditioned dining rooms and lounges for new comfort in the tropics.

Every stateroom is outside and high amidship with real fullsize beds and private baths. THE GREAT JUNGLES OF GUATEMALA

hills, usually out turn but be just elevations seen in appear to ordinary green the forest Green And there are open sunny decks terraces have walls perpendicular and huge substructures forestcovered whose temples and to be with builtin tiled swimming for centuries been buried by great growths of trees and vegetal mould. From external appearances*

one would little suspect their existence until the ax of the archaeologist has dug into them and pools and extra room for sports. bared their stone surface. Here in the heart of the jungles are vast remains of pyramids, tombs,

And glass enclosed verandas. temples,numbers ofandthesepalacesruinsstandinghave nowas beena muteunearthed,evidencethereof amayoncehe greatruins civilization.in the brush Althoughof Central countlessAmerica

What's more they'll travel as yet undiscovered, larger than those at present known to us.

round the world in ninetyfive days with extra time at every

port.

For complete details about these new President Liners and their round world schedules, sailing dates and accommodations PHONE YOUR NEAREST

AMERICAN PRESIDENT LINES OFFICE.

AMERICAN

PRESIDENT LINES THE RUINS AT MALINALCO TOLUCA, MEXICO

RoundWorld Service MalinalcoAn exampleToluca, Mexico.of overlappingIn parts,of sixcharacteristicshundred feetis offoundmountainin theare ruinsbeing beingremoveduncoveredfrom thisin

ancient site. The temple itself is a massive structure of stone and cement. Thus far, three terraces

with huge stone stairways leading to each terrace have been uncovered. It would seem that cement

was used as a mortar to splice the stones together. It is this feature as well as the huge stone

serpent heads, which adorn its entrances, that would seem to connect the building with the ruins of the great cement city of Teotihuacan.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

ANCIENT AMERICA STOPIN THE LIGHT OF RECENT FINDINGS

By CHARLES E. DIBBLE

Thelargestgreat discoveredpyramid of inCholulaMexico(theto date) has been perforated by Mm7m two and one half miles of tunnels revealing not strucbut at least six one.

tures. pyramids, or temples, Play Sajfi These

were superimposed one upon the other builders. successive first strucby The INSIST ONture erected the was probably between

third and fifth centuries A. D., and

the ultimate or outside structure belongsto the eleventh or twelfth century A. D. GENUINE PARTS %

Mexican archeologists are initiating excavations in Tula, Hidalgo. Tula

will be as the remembered legendary your McCormickcenter of Toltec culture the dwellWHEN you bought and ingplace of Quetzalcoatl. Deering tractor or machine you bought a product of more

than 100 years of heavyduty manufacturing experience. You

Alfonso Villa Rojas, working under made a good choice—you have a machine that deserves good

the auspices of the Institution Carnegie care and good service. When wear and tear make new parts recentlyof Washington, D. C, has

made an ethnological reconnaissance of necessary, remember why you bought an International HarTzeltal settlements in northeastern vester Quality Product. You bought quality to be sure of

Chiapas, Mexico. Villa reports that

the presentday inhabitants of the reperformance. Don't handicap your equipment by careless

gion are still familiar with the same selection of replacement parts.

nineteenmonth pagan calendar as was used by the preconquest Maya. This PLAY SAFE! Go to the International Harvester dealer for

calendar, composed of eighteen months Genuine IHC Parts. The IHC monogram is your guarantee

of twenty days each plus a nineteenth month of five days, constitutes, in the of quality, your best assurance that your McCormickDeer- main, the decipherable part of Maya ing Equipment will continue to give you topgrade performinscriptions. ance, no matter what you ask of it. And here's a tip: the International Harvester dealer maintains an upto-theminute The ruins of Monte Alban in the

state of Oaxaca, Mexico, have aided service department. He will be glad to look over your tractor

immeasurably in our reconstruction of and tell you what it needs.

American prehistory. They testify

that in flourperiod before a the Aztec Harvester International Companyished, civthe before great even Maya

Illinois Chicago, North Michigan Avenue 180ilization appeared, a civilization known as "The Dancers"(so named because of dancing figures carved in solid stone) in the thrived of Valley Oaxaca. It PAYS to Buy

attest Material their remains adto vanced culture. Their art was natural,

realistic, pure of outline and execution.Their ceramics, engravings, and sculpGENUINE PARTS

turing depict ceremonies and rituals in accord with a welladvanced cultural level. They possessed and understood

a fully developed calendar system. In

fact, their civilization contained in emIN LOS ANGELES bryo many of the traits which apENROLL(Commence Later ii Desired)NOW peared in later Central American cultures. iHXANDWA Hotel $25. COURSEDiscountIN BEAUTYon a CULTUREComplete

5th at Spring A State Accredited School

Recent American Indian investigaTariff from S2.50

tions suggest that languages as different Ogden School of Beauty Culture as the other from each the Maya, AzEgyptian Theatre UTAH OGDEN. in Over Headquarters Recognized Utah tec, the Shoshonean, Wallawalla and Los Angeles Name of southern are derived from Oregon Director Managing V. SMITH, CLAYTON

.City State Address the parent language. same Salt of Formerly Lake City

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

SliTo Exploring the Universe [Concluded [com page 705) have been found in Mexico and the

Barbados. There is an interesting case

of Cumberland lapwings shot in Newfoundland after a gale forced them fa CHRISTMAS from their normal Englandto-ireland

SEND AN migration.4

"Oatents have been given for such unusual devices as an automatic eggnumbering gadget to be worn by the hen, a traveling grandstand for raceERA tracks that follows the horses around the course, an automatic fish reel that SUBSCRIPTION pulls the fish out when caught, a bicycle seat that pumps up and down at

THE GIFT THAT GIVES ITSELF each bump in the road, furnishing comTWELVE TIMES A YEAR pressedpromotingair deviceto run thatthe coversbicycle;thea restears

and eyes to help sleepers in noisy

X HERE is no finer gift for your family or neighbors places.-f

at home.

TDlants may "run a temperature"of

There is no more appropriate gift for your friends ""as much as two degrees as a result or loved ones who are away. of injury, infection, or stimulation.

FOR THE ENTIRE YEAR 4 A $2.00 subscription to the Improvement Era will rPHE Prophet Jeremiah made a good * observation (Jeremiah 14:5-6) be a reminder of your thoughtfulness all through the

he the reported wild asses going will twelve to months, those and you when keep whom blind because there grass. was no

it is thinking with in touch the send what Church the plants, green growing which When doing, the Authorities are saying and what and and contain the vitacarotene from which planning. min A is made, are absent from the food

KEEP PACE WITH THE CHURCH producedof all animals,is that oneof blindness,of the symptomsin human THROUGH THE ERA beings nightblindness. One method

profit faithful Era gives pleasure io every "The and of measuring the vitamin A requireit of the Church reads tendency has and a member who the of an animal is to measure to inspire with every reader desireit, to his friends ments a have share the same pleasure."—Heber J. Grant. amount just necessary to prevent nightTear out, fill in, and mail this Christmas order blank NOW. blindness.

The "Era"will send an attractive Christmas gift card to each one for whom you subscribe, giving your name as donor. A fluorescent carpet has been influorescent the exthe carpet is dye in CHRISTMAS GIFT COUPON *** troduced for use in theaters. When light, ultraviolet to invisible posed

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the carpet glows brightly, giving a safe 50 NORTH MAIN STREET path.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 4"pSKiMOS, native black Africans, AusEnclosed in this envelope is $ for which please tralian"aborigines, and Maoris have send gift subscriptions and gift cards as listed below, acne vulgaris, or common pimples, less giving my name as sender: than civilized white people. As the

Maoris adopt modern methods of living

Send Gift Card they have more acne.

and Subscription to Address A newborn child has the same * chance today of reaching age sixtyCity State five as he would have had thirty years ago to reach fifty.

Send Gift Card + and Subscription to kOES an earthworm have a voice? A

Address D'naturalist relates that the worm

City State actually has a voice, making a slight smacking noise sounding like the dripof water from a leaky tap. ping

My Name is 4 Address HPhe average age of the four hundred

City State... "thousand wives who annually beWard Stake comefiftyfive.widowsOf inthistheyearlyUnitednumberStatestheis

Subscription rate—$2.00 each year for each subscription Metropolitan Life Insurance Company

reports that about one hundred thousand are at ages under fortyfive.

Jouh. SiJianq&hA. 771st Qn.

BETHLEHEM

jRour strangers met in Bethlehem.

(Mary was there to see.)

There were three kings from eastern lands

With spice and incense in their hands.

{What gifts had He?)

TThree kings knelt in the stable straw.

( Proud are the eastern lands.

They laid their gifts in the mangerbed

And touched His hands and feet and head- ( His empty hands.

At last to camel and away;

(Dawn in the east was red.)

They bore no shining presents then,

But joy was sparkling in those men.

( They had been fed.

All strangers lost and hungering (Strange is the world to men.)

May eat the bread He came to give

And gain the strength to love and live,

And live again.

By CARLTON CULMSEE

*Cl<.$Mi

AT WAR TO A WORLD

A STATEMENT TO ALL MEN FROM THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

OF THE CHURCH, PRESENTED AT THE OPENING SESSION

OF THE 1 1 lTH SEMIANNUAL CONFERENCE, OCTOBER 4, 1 940.

'T'he meeting of the Saints in this General Conover it. Their prayers ascend to our Heavenly Faference finds the world still war torn. Millions ther that the war may come to a speedy end.

of the Lord's children are suffering and mourning. To those Saints who are stricken by this great

All the woes and misery that attend armed conflict tragedy, we say live righteously, pray constantly, are spending their force upon them. and the Lord will answer as your faith and works

From these afflicted peoples comes the prediction and His allwise purposes allow Him.

that the approaching winter will bring famine. If To those whose wickedness has brought this

famine shall come, the history of the past shows it strife and turmoil, we say repent lest the Lord will likely bring plagues with it. shall smite you in His wrath. He will not hold you

Our brethren and sisters are found on both sides guiltless of the innocent blood of your fellow men.

of this terrible struggle. On each side they are To all the nations, we say adjust your differences

bound to their country by all the ties of blood, by peaceful means. This is the Lord's way.

relationship, and patriotism.

To our nation we repeat the Master's admoniAs always happens in such cases, each side tion:

claims to believe it is in the right. Each claims to

feel it is fighting for its very existence. As the "Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be

war progresses in its cruelty and horror, each may called the children of God."(Matt. 5:9.)

come to aim at the complete subjugation or extermiHow infinitely greater it is to lead nations to nation of the other. peace, than to subdue a nation to chains. Let

America put her house in order, forsake selfishness,

This would be an inhuman and unrighteous purgreed, and avarice, abolish unrighteousness, wipe pose. God's way requires that nations shall live

hate from her heart, hold in loyal friendship the in peace and amity, one with another. The Master's good and upright of all nations and peoples. Then command was:

to her shall come the high destiny of the peace- "Love your enemies, do good to them which hate maker.

you, We humbly pray our Heavenly Father, that He "Bless them that curse you, and pray for them will send to the earth His messengers of peace, that which despitefully use you."(Luke 6:2728). this terrible war shall afflict no more nations and

The Saints on either side have no course open to spread no farther over the face of the land, that them but to support that government to which they fear and frenzy shall be driven out from their place owe allegiance. But their prayers should go up day among the peoples, that hate shall be banished

and night that God will turn the hearts of their from the souls of men, for where hate abides, there leaders towards peace, that the curse of war may righteousness cannot live, that sanity shall again end. assert its sway, and that love shall fill the hearts

of men even to overflowing.

God is not pleased either with war, or with the wickedness which always heralds it. When He The First Presidency.

uses war, it is to wipe out sin and unrighteousness.

The hearts of all the Saints are torn with grief over the sufferings of their brethren and sisters who are taking part in this struggle. So, for the

Saints this is a fratricidal conflict. They so mourn

tfhB EDITOR'S PAGE

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

()ne of the great evidences of the divinity of the mission of Jesus the Christ was the fact that He made no promises of earthly rewards, nor honors, nor the riches of men and yet they followed hlm, in life and after

DEATH.

is a remarkable fact that we can never read or takes on new significance in a day when promises

IT hear of the labors which our Lord and Savior are so extravagantly made and so easily disreJesus Christ performed, without taking pleasgarded. Yet despite the absence of promises of

ure in it, while, on the other hand, there is nothing earthly gain, after the death of Jesus, men posso interesting in the life and history of any other sessed such an abiding testimony of the divinity individual but what by hearing or reading it time of His mission that they were ready and willing and time again we become tired of it. The story of to go to their death for that testimony.

Jesus the Christ is a story of old that ever re- I remember that while I read that book I said to mains new. The oftener I read of His life and myself, if this is one of the strongest evidences

joy, peace, hapthe the greater is the labors the it is divinity possible of the that of the to adduce is fills that soul. piness, There the satisfaction my the Christ, mission of our Lord Jesus and Savior

ever a new charm comes to me in contemplating His same evidence can be brought forth as to the words and the plan of life and salvation which divinity of the mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

He taught to men during His life upon the earth. Joseph Smith made exactly the same promises to

We all know that no one ever lived upon the his followers, and, according to the revelations conearth that exerted the same influence upon the tained in the book of Doctrine and Covenants, destinies of the world as did our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ promised Joseph Smith the same in obscurity, Christ; born Jesus was and yet He persecuted. should Joseph he be

cradled for His chose in a manger. He for of the a testimony gave Apostles lot—thatSmith also up his life

poor, unlettered fishermen. Nearly nineteen hundivinity of the work that he proclaimed to mandred years have passed and gone since His crucikind.

fixion, and yet all over the world, in spite of all strife and chaos, there is still burning in the hearts It is a source of unbounded joy to me and fills of millions of people a testimony of the divinity my heart beyond my power of expression to conof the work that He accomplished. template the fact that God our heavenly Father

Napoleon Bonaparte said on one occasion, in and our Lord Jesus Christ have visited the earth referring to the Savior, that He must have been a and again revealed the Gospel to man; and it fills

God, or men would not be so wonderfully devoted me with thanksgiving and gratitude, far beyond to Him after His death. He said that men would my power to tell, that He has blessed me with a

follow him [Napoleon] to death, because of their knowledge of the divinity of the work in which we love of him; but when he was dead, men would are engaged. My constant and earnest prayer to

not follow him and he would have no influence over Him has always been that my mind should never them. Yet men, he said, still followed Jesus to become darkened, that I should never depart from

their death, and He therefore must have been a the path of rectitude, but that as I grew in years

God. I would increase in understanding, that the light

When I was a small boy in the Thirteenth Ward and inspiration of the Spirit of God might burn in

Sunday School, I remember getting a little book my heart and enlighten my understanding and out of the library, written, I think, by a Dr. Paley, keep me firm and faithful in serving my heavenly

on the evidences of Christianity. Among other Father.

things, he stated that one of the greatest evidences And I want to say to the Latterday Saints that to mankind of the divinity of the mission of our Lord it behooves us, having received a testimony of the and Savior Jesus Christ was the fact that He made divinity of the work in which we are engaged, so to noHim—nooffer ofpromisesearthly rewardsof honorsto orthoseof riches;who followedbut, on orderbroughtourtolivesthe workfrom ofdayGodto dayby thethatgoodglorydeedsshallthatbe

the contrary, He promised them that they should we perform, so letting our light shine that men, be persecuted, that their names should be reviled, seeing our good deeds, shall glorify God. No

and that in some cases they would actually be put people upon the face of the earth have ever been to death for the testimony of the truth. This fact blessed as have been the {Concluded on page 765)

plates Gold 9tc PERSIA By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS

President of Brigham Young University

in the is interested tory of that most interesting counwho n'YONE try. naturally Book of Mormon

pricks up his ears whenever During a number of years Dr.

gold plates are mentioned. This Schmidt has been at Persepolis; he DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS

is probably the reason why my wife has also flown to all parts of the and I were so interested in the fine country and made aerial photographs new Museum of Archaeology in the to assist in getting more accurate capital city of Teheran in Iran. information regarding ancient strucEDITOR'S NOTE

While the museum has not been oftures, the presence of which can be Harris, recently returned from ficially opened to the public, its exdetected better from the air than Dr.having served a year as agrihibits are all in order. The building from the surface of the ground. cultural adviser to the Government of

is training and Iran (Persia), byis priceless that the well arranged so all of thoughtful observer a their inexhibits seen can be in significant the that are true habitthings historic setting. The cases are of search for truth. As a scholar, writer,

the most modern design and everyeducator, churchman, and scientist, official travels taken on him havething about the museum is impreshis into times Russia, at various missionssive and beautiful. A number of Europe, and the Far East, and into

the best European and American many lands that lie in the path of archaeologists have assisted with these distant places. Always he respirit, a broadwith freshening yielded turns that have explorationsthe

facts, greater outlook, a and ened new contribthe have treasures which course the of of perspective human uted so much to a knowledge of events.

ancient Persia, or Iran, as it is now officially called.

All parts of this museum are interesting, but whenever we were to 485 B. C), of certain palaces in

there we always came back again the city.

and again to a certain case centrally TOMB OF CYRUS THE GREAT IN PERSIA. When describing this discovery

located in the main hall which con- (Photo by F. S. Harris) three years later, Professor Herztained plates of gold and silver in feld, of the Oriental Institute of the

a stone box. When I was in the He told us of the gold and silver University of Chicago, predicted

museum at odd hours to borrow a plates in the museum. This made us that similar tablets might be found

lantern for showing slides, the case all the more eager to see the exat Persepolis. In 1933, members of

was empty. Its contents were conhibits. In a country like Persia there the Iranian Expedition of the Orisidered too precious to be left out are so many interesting things to be ental Institute began a search for

except during exhibition hours; it seen that we might have overlooked these tablets in the main hall of

was stored in a safe at other times. this particular museum had it not Darius's palace at Persepolis. On

Even before we visited the mubeen called to our attention. After September 18 of that year, an exseum, our friend, Dr. Erick Schmidt seeing the museum, we were detercavation was made in the northof the Oriental Institute of the Unimined to take the first opportunity eastern corner of the hall under the

versity of Chicago, had given us to visit Persepolis, where the plates personal supervision of Professor much information about the exhibits were found and where so much other Herzfeld. After work had been in

there. He has spent many years interesting archaeological material progress for about two hours and

making archaeological investigations was uncovered. a depth of six feet had been reached,

in Iran. A large part of the maThe history of the discovery of a stone box measuring 1 5 x 45 x 45

terials discovered had to be left in these plates will doubtless be of incentimeters was unearthed. This

the country; some of them could be terest. In 1923, two small metal box, which was of fine workmantaken to the Oriental Institute, which tablets, one of silver and the other ship, had been very securely fitted

sponsored his explorations. Last of gold, were discovered at Hamawith a lid, but the sides had been

winter he had to spend a number of dan, which was known in Bible broken, either because of the presmonths in Teheran preparing his times as Ecbatana. This city consure of the surrounding earth or

materials and unwinding the red tape tains the tomb of Queen Esther. because of the effects of fire. It will

necessary to a project of this kind. At the present time it is one of the be remembered that Alexander the

Thus, at dinner parties and on other most prosperous sections of Persia. Great, during his conquest of Persia,

occasions, he and his assistants These tablets each bore inscriptions burned all that would burn of the whetted our appetites for more inregarding the erection by Darius I, palace of Persepolis, but the great formation regarding the early histhe great Achaemenian king (521 stone work was indestructible.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

The above inscription is identical Xerxes, the Great King, King of Kings, tribes, the countries and of King of many with that on the tablets found in this territory, vast of extending and King

Hamadan. far, the son of Darius, the Persian, Aryan,

In 1935, a further important disof the Aryan line.

covery was made by Dr. Erick Saith Xerxes the King: By the wish of

the following countries outover Ormuzd Schmidt. In the southeastern part

side I king. Pars governed I have was

of one of the walls of the rooms them. They brought me tribute and what

which had served as a storehouse I ordered they obeyed. My law kept them.

he found six stone tablets and came Media, Elam, Arachosia, Armenia, upon another in an adjoining room. Zranga, Parthia, Arlia, Bactria, Soghdia,

One of these tablets bore inscripKhorasmia,dae, the countryBabylonia,of Assyria,Sardis, theEgypt,Sattagythe tions in Elamite. Two of the other Ionians who live in the sea and those

tablets gave its translation in Old who live beyond the sea, Gedrosia, Syria,

ONE OF THE TWO STONE BOXES WHICH WERE

FOUND AT PERSEPOLIS CONTAINING GOLD AND

SILVER MEMORIAL TABLETS OF DARIUS I. ONE

OF THE TABLETS IS SEEN IN POSITION AS IT

LAY WHEN THE BOX WAS FIRST OPENED.

Tnside this box were two metal tablets measuring 33 x 33 x 1.5

centimeters. The upper of these ONE OF THE GOLD

tablets was of silver and the lower TABLETS FROM PERSEof gold. Both tablets bore identical POLIS WITH ITS CUNEcuneiform inscriptions consisting of IFORM INSCRIPTION

ten lines in Old Persian, seven in IN OLD PERSIAN,

Elamite, and eight in Babylonian. ELAMITE, AND BABYOn lifting up this stone box the LONIAN.

archaeologists found beneath it four gold and two silver coins. The gold

coins, each of which weighed 8.15

grams, belonged to the reign of

Croesus, the celebrated king of

Lydia, whom Cyrus the Great had conquered in Sardis in 546 B. C.

The silver coins, which were badly oxidized, belonged to Greek cities.

On September 20, further excavaPersian, while others gave it in Gandhara, the country of the Indus, Capthe padocia, this the Bahae, the Sacae, time Amyrigian on made, tion was three remaining Babylonian. The

the the Sacae, Orthokorybanthian Macehall. sidesoutheastern of the Once inscription writtablets the repeated donians, the of the Akanfaciya, people at for success achieved,again was tablets ten the metal mentioned on the Pontis, the Carians, Kush.

a depth of four feet seven inches, above. Professor Herzfeld has made Saith Xerxes the King: When I became

the stone case of a column was found, the following translation of these King certain among the countries named rebelled. above aided had Then Ormuzd it box underneath stone aand was inscriptions:

I will the defeated these of me. Ormuzd By disidentical previously the with one

to their countries restored place. them and

created great is Ormuzd, who God box, uncovered. which A This was these countries were which some the Among the created heavens, world, who who lid securely a the so the deivas.damaged, formerly had adored Then by created humanity, peace who

it that in position could be createdplaced (Continued page on 764) king King, for a Xerxes men, made who opened only with difficulty. Inside for the multitude, a giver of laws for the

were a pair of silver and gold tablets multitude. THEDISCOVEREDSTONE MEMORIALAT PERSEPOLIS.TABLETS OF XERXES

which were slightly lighter than those found in the other box; the

inscriptions were, however, the same. Under this box also were

four gold and two silver coins similar to those discovered two days previously.

Professor Herzfeld has translated these inscriptions as follows

Darius, the Great King, King of Kings,

King of Countries, son of Hystapes the

Achaemenian.

Saith Darius the King, this is the country which I possess: from Scythia in

TransSoghdiana to Kusha [Ethiopia], and from Sind to Sardis, which territories have been bestowed on me by Ormuzd, who is the greatest of the Gods. May Ormuzd

take care of me and my kin.

Joseph SMITH

EDITOR'S NOTE The author of this discussion is at present a graduate student at the

University of Pennsylvania, working toward his doctor's degree in sociology. He writes: "For the past

several months I have been gathering material for my thesis—'A Study of

Mormon Recreation.'In my research

I have found several articles on

Brigham Young and recreation, but none on Joseph Smith, except in an indirect way. So it occurred to me

that you might be interested in publishing such an article. Therefore

I am sending you 'Joseph Smith—

Leader in the Recreation Movement'."

recreation and relaxation. Its contents are indicative of the attitude

of the moral leaders of this time, for it contained these words: "And yet

Theopher,distinguishedHerbert Spencer,English philosvisited Todaythe variousmore localthan fiftychurchesper centin theof cryingour popularout to youngmoralistsand areold, forrich everand several American cities in the United States sponsor some type of poor.... 'Recreation is vice—all

year 1882. Before he returned to play and recreational activities. And those who administer to the amusehis native England, he was feted yet, only a few decades ago, nearly ments of others are corrupt and

at a farewell banquet, on which ocall religious groups were condemning profligate.'"* In the year 1880, the

casion he said that Americans had play. The Mormon Church was an Methodist Episcopal church, in its

not acquired the art of relaxation. exception to the rule. But first let us publication on official doctrines, inThen he added: turn to the attitude of the moralists cluded the following as sins: at-

... the American, eagerly pursuing a and religious leaders of the other tending theatres, going to dancing

future good, almost ignores what good the churches. Only a few examples are parties, and patronizing dancing

passing day offers him, and, when the future given, but they indicate the general schools. In the same year at a meetthat neglects gained,good is he while attitude of the church toward in play ing of the Presbyterian Alliance 1striving for good. remoter some still Franke, Professor and recreation. Philadelphia the theatre and the

Within the last few decades, of Halle, Germany, in the eighteenth dance were opposed by this religious

Spencer's plea for wholesome recentury made this statement: body, although it did allow some

laxation has been heard and put into Play must be forbidden in any and all other play activities.

practice. In fact, recreation has beof its forms. The children shall be inThese few illustrations are typical

this in structed in to matter as such the attitude the general of of a way life social such item in ourcome of presentation an2 them, the through show the churches during play toward inthat Steiner the that estimated principles, religious the wastefulness and until the nineteenth 1870's, century alone, StatesUnited all $10,165,857,- shall play. folly of to be led They

000 was spent in 1 930 in recreational see that play will distract their hearts and when a few recusant clergymen bewill eternal minds from and God, and Good, to of sponsorship promulgate ganpursuits people. the American by

spiritual their nothing to but work harm in the play numbers by church. TheRecreation has an become so much lives. 3

integral part of our social system favor of recreation increased gradthat training courses for recreational Brigham Young, while attending ually until today most of the workers are now offered by some a dancing party, January 2, 1854, churches provide, directly or indifour hundred educational institumade this statement, which indicates rectly, for play activities for their tions. the opinion of other churches: "The members. Now, what about the

In this picture of social change in world considers it very wicked for Mormons?

which recreation has forged to the a Christian to hear music and to The Mormon Church was a prefront, the church as a social instidance."cursor of the modern churchspon-

tution has played an important part. In the year 1 866, a letter was writsored recreational system. While

ten to the editor of The Nation, in other churches were decrying recreSpencer, Herbert, "The Gospel of Recreation,"The Popular Science Monthly, Vol. 22: 355, January, which an appeal was made for more ation as evil, the Mormon leaders

1883. 2Steiner, J. F., Americans At Play, N. Y,, McGrawsQuoted by C H. Judd in Genetic Psychology For 'Repose,"by "T. D.,'The Nation. Vol. 2:178,

Hill Book Co., 1933, p. 183. Teachers. N. Y., D. Appleton and Co., 1903, p. 72. February 8. 1866.

courage the people to read and to write in their leisure time.

By REX A. SKIDMORE wasOnmakingthe occasionthe tripthatfromZion'sKirtland,Camp

Ohio, to Missouri to aid the persecuted Saints, several difficulties arose. At one time, May 29th, 1 834,

the brethren became disgruntled and began to murmur about their(L &Cead&L and <Xdv&l hardships. Joseph Smith, being an

astute leader, immediately put forth a plan to aid the brethren. He proatfL (RsichsmlwfL

posed that for a diversion they have the camp divided into three parts and have a sham battle, which they "pELIGION SHOULD ENCOMPASS THE TEMPORAL AS WELL AS THE did. After this recreative change,

SPIRITUAL SIDE OF LIFE. NOWHERE IS THIS IDEA BETTER EXEMthe men were satisfied and quit murPLIFIED THAN IN THE PERSONAL LIFE OF JOSEPH SMITH. muring.

The Prophet was in favor of singing and choir work. He often viswere not only preaching it, but were sang songs and had a happy time biographyited the rehearsals.he often mentionsIn his autothe

activities also play withtogether. sponsoring

in the the Church. confines of He liked to go for walks, horsechoir.1836, heOnrecorded,Wednesday,"In theMarchevening

riding, back out and to get the choir of singers in into the met the Tembeauty of nature. Saturday, For POURING this early period in the ple. admirably performed They

22, 1838, recorded: he Saints, September Latterday history of the the opportunities considering they

in early the "I went out the 18301844, main activities from had."12 morning, have on March 24th And

were of a spiritual nature. Many returned to breakfast at half past of the same year, after he had been

meetings were held. Young men seven, and took an airing on 8 horseto a lectureclass on the Hebrew lanwho joined the Mormons were exback at nine in the morning."After guage, he stated: "After we were

pected to leave their homes and be- a busy forenoon in a city council dismissed, we called at the schoolcome missionaries, without purse or meeting at Nauvoo, Saturday, May room to hear the choir of singers scrip. Yet, even in these days the 14, 1842, Joseph Smith retired to perform, which they did admir13 Mormon leaders found time for rechis home, where he spent the 9 afterably."

for reation, noon working in his garden. the time, took or rather He Joseph Smith was actively in believed that relaxation religion that true they preached and divershould give men joy and make them sion from routine work were essential favor of drama and the theatre. He

happy. Religion should encompass to the wellbeing of the individual helped to organize a dramatic comthe temporal as well as the spiritual and the group. Indicative of this pany in Nauvoo. He attended the

side of life. Nowhere is this idea philosophy is his account of his actheatre himself. In his autobiog-

9, 1844, he wrote: better exemplified than in the pertivities for the day of Wednesday, raphy for May

sonal life of Joseph Smith, the first February 8, 1843: "This morning I "Evening, attended theatre, and saw

president of the Mormon Church. read German and visited with a Damon and Pythias 1*and The Idiot

Joseph Smith was over six feet in brother and sister from Michigan. Witness performed."

height, was proud of his physical... After dinner Brother Parley

strength, and used to wrestle fre- P. Pratt came in; we had conversaOccasionally Joseph Smith had

his social at parties home. On tion recreation. various subjects. for quently on four George At

11th, sent out let1843, he January in afternoon, the 5 states with I went out that on Saturday, Cannon Q.

to Frederick, exercise the of January, 1 843, 28th my little day Jos10 mytersto beofheldinvitationat his homefor a thedinnerfollowingparty ice."ball self played of Smith eph on the a game by sliding

at Nauvoo with the brethren, and The Prophet Joseph not only parWednesday, at ten in the morning.

on the 13th day of March of the ticipated in recreative activities himOn the appointed day the people same year he met William Wall, the self, but he encouraged others to do began to arrive by ten o'clock and most expert wrestler of Ramus, Ilthe same. In 1832, he published an by twelve they were all present exlinois, and easily defeated him in a article on the "Art of Writing Letcept Levi MofFatt and wife, and

ill. friendly bout. ters."He advised the people of Brother Hyrum's wife, who was

The Prophet often attended parthe Church to cultivate this art as a The guests participated in converties and feasts. On January 7, 1836, duty and as a privilege. "By these sation until about two and then the

table. sat group down to the feast at attended the thoughts he of a "sumptuous the heart means can first

were: observations Prophet's The K. act Bishop the body, without Whitney's."6 This Newel and the mind

particular party the can without been while speak head, had open made dinnersat to the twentyone down halt, to the lame, apart, of miles the the blind. thousands and and myself waited and for table,... and Emma 7 On January 29, 1836, Joseph Smith ages after the flesh has mouldered uhem, with other assistants. My room wason

called in all of his father's family back to its mother dust.... It is small, so that but few could be accomto at a time. modated Twenty sat down best the of one gave and them a banquet to man, and related gifts of God

table, the as the second served which was it is feelings the privilege to toward them. his good and They of man first, third, the at eighteen and among 11

enjoy it."He was trying to enwhom were myself and Emma; and fifteen

"'Cannon, Life G. Q., of Joseph Smith, the Prophet,

Salt 404-5. Lake, 1888, Vbid.. Vol. Ill, p. 82. (Continued on page 762) pp.

"Smith, Joseph, History of the Church, Period I, aIbid., Vol. V., p. 8.

edited by B. H. Roberts, Salt Lake, Deseret News. wIbid., p. 265. 12History of the Church, Vol. II, p. 407.

19021912 Vol. II, p. 362. Evening and Morning Star, Vol. 1, No. 4. 1832, Ibid., d. 409.

Ibid., p. 387. p. 49. WW.. Vol. VI., p. 362.

a

Oaaul (p&d&L dfockwalL

Chapter II. The Smiths and By NICHOLAS the Rockwells

Tt is necessary now to go back to VAN ALFEN the year 1825 and visit a small (Ogden Seminary)frontier home in the community of

Manchester, New York. At this

period this part of New York was a frontier section. The houses were through all the trials of the Church

scattered and virgin forest was being until he died in Nauvoo, September cleared away to prepare the land for 22, 1839. His wife, Sarah Witt,

farming. Among these frontier peoestablished a record by being bapple lived Orrin Rockwell and his tized in the Nauvoo'Temple for

family. One of their children, Orrin fortyfive of her own and her husPorter, was about twelve years old band's deceased relatives. This

at this time. He received his middle loyalty to the Church by Mr. and

name from his father's mother, who Mrs. Rockwell was carried on unwas Irene Porter. Although the diminished in Port's entire life.

Rockwells did not know it, John So, on this evening, as on other

Porter, progenitors, one of their similar Smith's was evenings when the also of a progenitor visited, Joseph Smith. his mother Porter begged

And they were also descendants not to send him to bed, using the from the same forefather as Presiexcuse that he wanted to keep the dent Wilford Woodruff. They THEPROOFBOOKSHEETSOF MORMON,FROM THEWHICHFIRSTAS AEDITIONBOY ORRINOF pine torch burning, which was the

PORTER distant cousinswere of Abraham they ROCKWELL PICKED BERRIES TO HELP only means had of illuminating FINANCE. 13

line.Lincoln through their the Gilman dwelling.

line the Porter theyThrough were families again were These two also a forming Porter deep wasrelated to S. President Grant Ulysses after orshortly the together found prophet, for the attachment young Cleveland.and Grover in Fayette, ganization of the Church his eight years who was senior—All family the to be time 6, 1 830. seemed This April York, New firm that loyalty so and to grow was

it this in this into the tobusy Rockwell baptized newlybe home was risked in later lasting that years he evening, Christ expectof they were as though organized Jesus Church ing visitors, were. Saints. Prophet's of Latterday and they The The histhe lifemanmanyhe so timeslearnedfortothelove.safetyThisof

Smith family and the Rockwells were attachment was already so strong father and mother, Martin Harris, great friends, and often they visited that young Porter, after the day's and Porter Rockwell were baptized back and forth. These were the work on the farm was over, found at this time,"the latter now at the

evenings that young Port enjoyed himself picking berries by moonlight age of seventeen and probably the because he would hear again the and selling them so that he could give youngest member of the Church.

hidden angel thestory of and the for the members Rockwells the became to the Prophet money The incidents that applates, other and of the the Fayette of translating of Branch 15 purpose and publishpealed to his adventurous nature. ing the Book of Mormon. When Church, where Joseph lived during

He had undoubtedly been told there were no berries to pick, he the translation of the latter part of the story of the attempted assassiwould gather wood, haul it to town, the Book of Mormon. Persecution

nation of Joseph Smith when the and sell it for the same purpose."became so intense and bitter in Manyoung Prophet was only at the age The Smith family also appreciated chester that, after receiving theof fourteen—how Joseph had been the friendship of the Rockwells, for plates, the Prophet first went to Harout one evening on an errand and they had discovered that true mony, Pennsylvania, and later to

upon his returning home, as he friendship is a rare thing. Since the Fayette. Among his faithful folpassed through the dooryard, a gun first announcement of Joseph's vilowers to that place was the Rockwas fired at him from very close sion, many whom the Smiths conwell family.

range. He sprang to the door frightsidered friends turned against them, In the early spring of 1831, the

ened. The older members of the and some became their bitterest Mormons had been commanded by

family could find no trace of the enemies. Ministers who before had the Lord to gather at Kirtland, Ohio.

wouldbe assassin that night in the been solicitous for the spiritual welAbout eighty of these people from dark, but the next morning his tracks fare of the Smiths now condemned were found under a wagon, where them. '-It was on such an evening as this when the

Parley gathered that the Rockwells were and was the Prophet. arrived looking for Josephhe lay at the time he fired. A day SmithsP. Pratt

lodged bullets found the others.later This but the were Pratt met and Hyrum family Rockwell was HThe to conversion Pratt's of the Brother beginning made away,was that head of in the a cow neck and the Gospel. that is needof that rare quality

opposite cit., standing p. 5. op, 13Eli;abeth Roundy, E. D. beenhad loyalty. for true endured 10 This the ed Smith, In Essentials Fielding Church His- 'Joseph dark corner. in awagon

City, 1922. in Salt'Utah; father, Rockwell, the Lake Orrin tory, p. 93.

a 1831; 16, the Church, History of Journal May of Rockwell,"Porter "Ancestry 9Desecet News,

present. to the 1830 daily of events from record in 7. Elizabeth D. Jenson's Biographical E. Roundy, 1935, 31, p. August Department, Church

City. Salt Office, Utah. Historian's Lake 15. Office, Salt Church Historian's p. Church Joseph, p. Manuscripts, Prophet Smith, History 10Lucy of the

72. Salt Lake City, Utah; 1902. Lake City. Utah; unpublished. Unpublished.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

Fayette had formed a branch and company of one hundred and ninety been betrayed there 21 by Colonelmade their way by canal boat towomen and children, who, after their Hinkle's treachery. And the one

wards Kirtland, under the temporary houses had been unroofed or burned, great magnet that drew Porter to this leadership of the mother of the were driven thirty miles across burnt point was his beloved Prophet JosProphet Joseph. Joseph, Hyrum, prairie, the ground covered with sleet eph, who, incarcerated there also,

and their father had found it necesover which their trail19 of blood was was forced through hunger to eat sary to go to Kirtland sooner to preeasily discernible; or the case of coarse and filthy food.

pare the way. George Bebee, who was dragged out Porter also engaged in other acts

With this group was Porter Rockof his house at midnight, and, with of mercy. In the midwinter of 1 838well. Upon their arrival in Buffalo guns pointed at his breast, was 1839, the Saints were turned from

they discovered that they were not beaten with clubs and whips. The their homes at the point of the gun.

able to proceed for two weeks besame night this mob unroofed thirMen, women, and children, the sick cause of the ice which had not yet teen houses in what was known as and the aged, were forced to take sufficiently broken up. This was too the Whitmer Branch80 of the Church what belongings they could carry,

much for Porter's restless nature and in Jackson County. and make a trek which finally culthe against boat, the canalhe left 29, minated 1 838, Naumade later became in what a mob On October

hisprotest with of mother and others, Illinois. attack of voo, a surprise Their a small group homes on were

to visit thatthe going he remark was their eyes. of Mill before burned Haun's and killed Most Mormons at

it uncle. understood Butan was destichildren. being seventeen, these people poor were and some One

that he would not return, for he boy named Thomas McBride estute. Their Prophet and his counwanted to continue on by land to caped and lived to write his own selors were in Liberty Jail. So it

avoid this waste of time. Some of account of it. He died in Grantsfell upon the capable shoulders of

the others wanted to follow16 him, but ville, Utah. His father lost his life Brigham Young to lead the exodus.

to. not persuadedwere

in Porter's stay Kirtland was atbeingthe handswoundedof thatandmob.thenAfterbrutallyfirst theHe calledmore forfortunatevolunteersonesfromto makeamonga

short. He was soon sent with the killed, his body was hacked with a pact that they would not leave the

vanguard of the Church to Jackson corn knife until he was mangled. state until they had assisted all the

that Missouri, becauseCounty, was this Missouri. others out of On fighting long Rockmen like How central to gathering theintended be list of the of stalwarts appeared name well faced depredathese cowardly 82 Saints. Little for they the didplace Porter Rockwell. Orrin chiltions men, upon and women, trials horrible thatrealize the awaited

them there at the hands of the riffdren, without striking back, there are Little did Rockwell realize, as he raff of that county, whose motto no records to tell us. It is known passed from Missouri to'Illinois, that

was, that Porter became a deadly marksthe shadows of these mobocrats man, and later in life he did not were yet to fall upon him. Within

We will rid Jackson County of the hesitate to use his ability. five years he was destined to be

Mormons peaceably if we can, forcibly if we must; if they will not go without, we

will whip and kill the men; we will destroy

their children, and ravish their women. 17

T-Iere on the Big Blue River in

Jackson County, Porter's home was a frequent gathering place for the Elders. Joseph and the main

body of the Church were still in

Kirtland. Typical of these meetings was one held September 27,

1832, which we find recorded thus:

Special conference of Elders met on the

Big Blue, Jackson County, Missouri, attended by Christian Whitmer, Selah J.

Griffin, James Emmet, David Bennett, Isaac

Fallise, Henry Jackson, and Orson Johnson. The elders in Zion were organized

by Christian Whitmer, who himself was set apart as president; adjourned until the

second Monday in November, next to meet at the house of Orrin Porter Rockwell on But there is no evidence that CARRIEDLIBERTY FOODJAIL,TO WHERETHE PROPHETPORTERJOSEPHROCKWELLSMITH. 18

the Blue.

Porter strapped on his sixshooters

In these meetings at the home of yet; there were other things in life dragged back into Jackson County

Porter they had tremendous probimportant to him for the time being. on unsubstantiated charges, and to

lems to solve. One Elder might be That was why he made many trips lie in their filthy jails for almost a

found reporting the details of a to the Liberty Jail to bring food and year before he was released after a comfort to a few brethren who had sham trial.

Smith, 1GLucy op. cit..

17Brigham H. Roberts, Ap. Comprehensive180. History of 19Brighani H. Roberts, op. cit.. Vol. 1, p. 343. (To be Continued)

I,the Church. Volume p. 337. Salt Lake City, Utah; (editor), 20Brigham H. Roberts Documentary HisDeseret 1930. Press, News tory period Salt Millennial Star, Vol. 17. p. 135. 1, Vol. 3, p. 437. of the Church,

18]ournal History, op. cit.. September 27, 1832. Lake City, Utah: Deseret News Press. Millennial Star. op. cit., vol. 16, p. 731.

MEMBERS OF STAKE PRESIDENCIES FROM VARIOUS

PARTS OF IDAHO WHO PARTICIPATED IN THE CEREMONIES OF THE CORNERSTONE-

LAYING OF THE IDAHO FALLS TEMPLE.

THE LAYING OF THE

IDAHO FALLS TEMPLE CORNERSTONE

19,AT Saturdayapproximatelymorning,11:53Octobera. m., By ALBERT L ZOBELL, JR. 1940, President David O. McKay, second counselor in the First fare Program, copies of the standard

Presidency of the Church, pronounced works and current Church periodicals, the cornerstone of the halfmillion- copies of the song books of the auxildollar Idaho Falls Temple to be in iary organizations; the April, 1940,

place. It was the twelfth such stone conference report; United States coins

to be laid in the history of the Church. in various denominations; a statement

The copper box which had been regarding present national and internaconditions; political phototional and several cornerstone the beneathplaced PRESIDENT DAVID council graphs and city of the mayor LAYING THE OF THE0. CORNERSTONE.McKAY PRESIDING AT followthe before, containedminutes

ing: photographs of the General Auof Idaho Falls.

dedithe offered President McKay the ofthorities, the in Committee General Presiding the of President absence blessthe asking prayer, catory humbly of each Program, and WelfareChurch }. President Heber Grant was Reuben J. all those the ings of upon Lord who Falls in the presidencies Idahothe stake Clark, in Jr., the principal adwho

to contribute in any would way district; manuscript, a Anby ofTemple the dress the meeting histhe reviewed

the that thanks voicing building and HistorAssistant Church Jenson, torydrew of ancient templeand modern its work. carry able to on was Churchian, the of history giving a brief Church building. admonished those He who

in Idaho; a history of the Church WelSMALL SECTION OF THE VAST MULTITUDE would be called to work on the temple

WHICH WITNESSED THE CORNERSTONELAYING. to consider their work a holy calling.

,:;,; As an outstanding spiritual event,

the services attracted thousands of

Latterday Saints, tourists, and members of other denominations—a notable

contrast with the laying of cornerstones for temples at Independence and Far

West, Missouri, in the early history of the Church, when oppression and mob >:V.. violence caused abandonment of construction plans. Idaho Falls heralded

the event by declaring a business holi- *w- < x * day during the ceremony.

During the coming year, the period "'::: - > "\/,:V ';.... "*..? of construction, all eyes will be on

Idaho Falls, which has undertaken a program of general beautification in the temple vicinity. Soon a new and beautiful whitewalled temple, its sevenacre

encircled twothirds by the?W * tract a majestic will become Snake River,

mecca for the Saints seeking ordinances for themselves and their families in the house of the Lord.

.

THE WAY TO STOP

SMOKING Mark Twain, a great smoker By means so simple, so efficient, and so deSaidwho stopped when he found that pendable that any tobacco user who tobacco had greatly damaged his DR. JOHN really desires to escape from the thrallheart, "The way to stop smoking is to dom of the tobacco habit will usuallySTOP WANTING TO SMOKE."HARVEY find no serious obstacle in doing so.

The practice adopted by many physiPersons who use tobacco may be KELLOGG cians in dealing with cases of this sort classified as follows: has been to substitute for the soothing

1 Those who have no desire for tobacco From Good Health Magazine effects of tobacco, a lessening of nerve but with other "to smokers smoke sobe sensibility drug. other This some by

ciable."if plan, successtemporarily sometimes 2. derive Those from no pleasure who

ful, is so. rarely permanently learned but insmoking, having to smoke

the manner of good fellowship, continue Real recovery can be secured only because they have formed the habit as through the restorative efforts of the one may form the gumchewing habit. body itself. Careful study must be

3. Those who smoke for the pleasurable made of the patient's physical condition.

effectnarcotic experienced. of sleep, lack Malnutrition, lack of

4. they are because Those smoke who constipation, indigestion,

or distresseduncomfortable they when do exercise, chronic fatigue, connot smoke. insomnia—these

ditions and many others are common

Little consideration need be given to leading strings to smoking as well as firstthe classes three of smokers. A drugsecurehabits.temporaryManyreliefa manfromsmokesa miseryto first class of the usually willsmoker

abandon the practice as soon as he bewhich distracts his attention and makes comes convinced of the evil effects of it difficult for him to concentrate his necessary the data or summarize mind of his astobacco duty not and a man conclusion. a form abstain to toonly to doing from damage

effect afof narcotic smoking Thehimself, setting also but to avoid a bad suffered, relief fords the misery fromexample.

it to stop the be possible may not of class Smokers the second may and for relieving the distress, habit without ease. the habitdrop almost equal with

For a short time there is felt a loss of which it served very much as might the habitual excitation of the fifth nerve, some other painrelieving drug. Hence

a stimulation akin to that which is proit is important that a thorough medical disto should examination be made biting scratching the headduced or by discover, any remove and if possible, lip inthe or other producing some way a probe condition eased which may irritationa slight of the sensanerve of tion of the face through which impresvocative cause of the habit.

suggestions practical are some Heresions brain. are transmitted to the

fail if faithfully seldom followed is which a stickChewing or chewing gum victim of to secure the of any freedomoften substituted for temporarily the cigar and with equally good effect. the drug who has sufficient character

and resolution to make a persevering class third appreof smokers The effort. effectciate loss the soothing of the they have been accustomed to find in the It should be said that these suggespipe or cigar or the cigarette smoked tions are not presented on theoretical after meals or at the close of the day's grounds. They have been successfully

work. For such it is only necessary to employed in dealing with the cases of

users of have tobacco thousands who stiff the resolution to foregoform a good visited Battle Sanitarium, the an Creek illicit enjoytemporary damaging and in institution the tobacco of use struggle. which a determined the When at make experienced canment which only be

is in tolerated. not form any cigar is they suffer as thrown away, do for suffering laterthe cost injury of and

drug habit. of any pleasure the experienced can afthe victimswhich Suggestion One compensation. adequateford no Misery Tobacco Relief From

It is with the fourth class of smokers HPhe decision to renounce tobacco in that the real tugof-war occurs. The '"P'he greatest obstacle which a toany form must be fully and deficonfirmed smoker who has reached that bacco addict finds in his effort to nitely made. The subject must be thorpoint at which the cigar, pipe, or cigescape from his habit is the misery from oughly convinced that tobacco is an

arette is necessary to prevent nervoustobacco-damaged nerves which beenemy of great power that must be comness, irritability, mental confusion, and comes poignant as soon as the narcotic bated with desperate energy and unincapacity for work or pleasure, and effect which conceals it is withdrawn yielding determination. A battle seems

to enable him to center his mind upon by the cessation of the habit. If the necessary for complete and assured sucwork or study or to maintain the mental patient is left to his own resources, he cess. Long yielding to indulgence has

poise essential for effectual activity, will discover nothing that can give him destroyed fortitude. The cigar has bewill undergo a real test of character in relief except his customary pipe, cigar, come a retreat from every sort of misany attempt to escape from the toils of or cigarette; but, fortunately, there are ery, mental as well as physical....

the tobacco habit. other and efficient means by which the The victim of long indulgence who,

Persons of this class are compelled to necessary relief may be obtained, and (Continued on page 758)

Aumwt, folk, ihaL Jb/dnqJu jul6u xJoa&l to Qhhidimadu REMEMBER

THE DAY

lights. bright I want a good time—By ROSA LEE LLOYD I don't stockings play want to fill and

with kids!"

Sue quit polishing the counter whipping her soft brown waves into and leveled her brown eyes on mine. tangled ringlets and whirling snow

There was a hurt look in them. was falling, soft as featherdown on

"Bill,"just her voice as level was face. as her upturned I glanced back // her eyes, don't even "you after know in we all wedged my roadster,

the of meaning Christmas! Not and but Sue waved, eyes her were Holling! Do B,'ill even the remember why day!"we focused children. the on hadn't She in that believe don'tyou you mean Sue's voice hardly than was more said to me. goodbye Funny howChristmas?"looking demanded, Sue a whisper. like thing a that can upset a fellow! across the of her counter at me

I Before could answer, front the the kids George a and kept up store.fathers grocery door was pushed open, and a brisk chatter all the way in—trains and "No, Sue,"I began, "please don't December gale ushered in a man dolls Santa and the time I get that I said Claus—all me wrong.

girl had with I about a boy and three years trying to get was picture a clear of relatives, so to I don't haveno shop old hanging to each on hand. Sue. hurt in look The seen I had in for line presents, to stand mail Sue whisked around the counter her flashing eyes kept before up me. will them, remember wonder who and the in had children I her tried arms to I convince that myself I forget didme, and anyone!"

I before could twist around on hadn't said anything her. hurt to my give friends, to "But your you stool. They rosy were youngsters I girls of the didn't most Why, knew persisted.don't she you?"with hair the color ripe of wheat. care children. about parmuch And I course, do, of but most "Of my "I'm taking to them I to City ents! Pond couldn't remember own my will friends at Bingo Karns'be see Santa Claus,"the said parents, man the small insurance and they party.Christmas reminds That Eve proudly. a had ruddy, He left goodfor really had only a me was going with you me?"me—are natured face eyes and that were that to memory paid had way my I watching Sue. was There was kind. His voice tender was when school houses. boarding and But in that expression eyes heran brown he spoke. isn't feeling "Martha so different. just Sue was Sue—well, six shrink to fromseemed me my well today, Sue."in broke George through my size to thefeetone midget. of a Usu- "Oh, I'm George, sorry,"she reverie. was

I girlsally to liked the with go know warmly "I'll sympathetic. run over fine lot "Sue's a like MarPhyllis, girl—a instance. forme. But Take there soon as I comes. Dad Oh, tha—talking, "stopped he a and different start. right the from wasSue she turned to forgot—"back me. line worried his appeared between Bill,"sorry, "I'm she answered "Bill, is this brotherin-law, my kind like eyes. "I gray don't to leave to herslowly eyes began and brown George Aims, the twins, and Bertie for a few Martha—even like hours—alcandlelight. to unglow "Try Betty."and shook hands and don't though expect the We we baby I savederstand. always You know George talking. went on until next week."ChristmasChristmas and Eve Day I'd "Figured take the o'clock two I Scott! Great another baby! it's like see, family.for You my to bus I'll Pond leave gulped straight looked and ahead City—think this, Bill,"polishing she went on in car the case home Martha needs the snowcovered highway. down the they keptthe case where show it."will "Three be children—that like to "I'd candy. come youpenny wiping Sue Bertie's was nose. I quite said, a family,"trying to make Christmas to house our ondown Bill will lift give "Maybe a you voice ordinary. sound my areEve. and chummy Dad Mom he's to going City."Pond that's start,"said a "Oh, good sister all friends. olderwith my My I if wondered she realized that a with George proud each on hand her George husband andMartha telling she to go! was me of twins. the and work "Means alBetty, Bertie twins, and theand leaving "I'm for right City Pond sacrifice, they're but everyworth over—comeways I away, Mr. said briskly, Aims,"in to thing eyes me."and His Martha I hat. for reached "No, my best "I'll manner. my to glad be lifted the to were snowcapped I in said thatthanks,"brusque mantake you the children."and in the distance. sigh mountains His I for reserved customers hardner

when there was no sale. "When I was one of deep content.

have a holiday I want to celebrate uo we left Sue standing My mind drifted back to Sue's it. I want music and dancing and in the doorway. The wind was refusal to go to the party with me.

a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

I determined to ask Phyllis Haily. Once I saw George struggling

She played the piano in the sheet through the crowd with the twins music department of the Pond City he was still carrying Betty, and

Mercantile. George said that was Bertie was holding on to his pant

as good as any place for him to stop, leg. I felt like a heel letting him

so with a hearty "Thank you"he crash those crowds with both chilleft me and started through the dren!

Christmas throngs with the twins.

The ride had made them a bit sleepy, so he decided to carry Betty. x he Christmas crowd

There was a crowd around was packed in the store like figs in

Phyllis when I reached her depart- a cellophane wrapper. I found myment. There was always a crowd self wedged up against the jewelry

around Phyllis. I came right to the counter. A bracelet with glittering

point soon as I could get through the brilliants reminded me that we alcrowd. ways had to have a gift for the girl

"Hello, Bill,"she said, bright friend at the party on Christmas itlights dancing in her eyes. "What's Eve—no sentiment attached to

new? All ready for Christmas?"the girls probably suggested it in the

She laughed up at me and all the first place. Beside the bracelet there

time her fingers were drumming out was a blue velvet box with an old- a snappy tune. fashioned gold locket in it. I couldn't

"Everything is all set but the date take my eyes from the locket with you for Christmas Eve."something about it made me home-

"That's easy,"she answered. sick for the things I had never

"I've been saving up waiting for known: a sweetfaced motherthat party."mending socks—a dad who raised I thought of George again, steerSo she had been expecting me to Cain when you stayed out late ing his sleepy children through theask her! I didn't like that; it made maybe a brother to scrap with—Christmas rush. Maybe they had

me feel cornered. She went on drumkid sister to tease, all the things that gone to the toy department. I found

ming. I stood back and watched go with a real home instead of boys'them there watching the electric

the people. Christmas shoppers! schools and boarding houses. trains. Both children were wide

I help you, sir?"the busiawake now and George's round faceEveryone was excited and thrilled. "May

nesslike saleslady interrupted my was beaming with joy. He grinned

thoughts. when he saw me. He pulled me to

"NOW SUE,"I BEGAN, "PLEASE "I'll take the bracelet,"I answered. one side and whispered, "We have

DON'T GET ME WRONG.""Wrap it for a gift."But my eyes to catch the bus in a few minutes.

were still riveted on the locket. I After we're gone, will you order a

could picture it on Sue's throat. The train for Bertie and one of those big

saleslady had followed my eyes. dolls over there for Betty—the one

"Let me show you the locket, sir; that says 'mama'and has the brown

it's goldplated, we initial it free eyes? This will cover it."He passed

there are places for pictures—any me the money. "Have them degirl will love it. It makes the ideal livered in the morning. I'll sure

gift for mother, wife, or sweetappreciate it—Bill."

heart."I felt a warm feeling down inside

"I'll take it,"I said, wondering of me. He had called me by my first

vaguely what a fellow would do name and that means something from with it when he didn't have a mother, a fellow like George. I would have

wife, or sweetheart. Maybe in ten driven them all back to Poplarville,

years George's little Betty would be but I had to report at the company big enough to wear it! before six. A few minutes later,

"You'll never regret it,"she after I had helped him and the twins rambled on, smoothing a chamois on the bus, I was listening to the over its golden surface. "What saleslady tell me that the last dewould you like engraved on it?"livery before Christmas had left for

Poplarville!

"Nothing,"I snapped, feeling as "But can't we make this a special lonesome as the forgotten man. delivery?"I insisted. "I'll pay ex- I shoved the bracelet in one overtra—

coat pocket and the locket in the "I'm sorry, sir, but those are inother. I was strangely despondent. structions."

I watched the faces of the busy "Wrap them up,"I said. "I'll

shoppers. They were happy and take them with me."

joyous. An old couple with a little Now what? I asked myself when

boy between them joggled past me. she handed me the huge cartons.

Their old eyes were eager and full I could hardly get into the elevator of purpose. "No wonder,"I thought, with them. I was carrying enough

enviously, "they have someone to for the quintuplets instead of twins!

give to—someone who really cares!"(Continued on page 756)

THE DIGNITY OF THE COMMON MAN By GUNNAR RASMUSON night—to shepherds, ordinary, uneducated, hardworking people.

This son, known in Biblical history When Jesus began His ministry, as John the Baptist, came in the earlyHe turned to the common people days of his ministry into the country from whom to select His Apostles.

about Jordan, preaching the baptism He called as His special witnesses of repentance. for the remission of fishermen and other ordinary men

sins. Luke says in the third chapter, in the common walks in life. A few

first and second verses: men in higher stations, impressed

with His message, came to converse the fifteenth of Tiberius year Now in

Caesar, Pontius Pilate being of with Him at night, ashamed to have governor

Judea, and Herod being tetrarch of Galilee, anyone know that they even spoke to his Philip brother tetrarch and Ituraea of Him. These were discarded. Those in a while hear some we the of region of Trachonitis, and and far chosen so men, were as commonONCE enthusiastic genealogical the tetrarch of Lysanias Abilene, and Annas standards conman-made were priests, the the being high worker announce word has Caiaphas he

found a connecting link between his of God came unto John, son of Zacharias, in cerned.

own family and some royal line. the wilderness. Here was an event of greatest imPerhaps he should not be blamed for Caesar, Pilate, Herod, Philip, portance in the history of the world.

religious organization destined being proud of the fact that he has Lysanias, Annas, and Caiaphas were A royalty. from all come eventually to replace Yet, reit was manmade standing. in high were men They freshing after organizations time ago, the some a such making. was in in the rulers leaders day, the of that

relationship is dignity of explained, the had been The common man fields. to their yet, respective not And hear in another enthusiastic that apparent project regardless genealogof of the one recognized them by was

ical say, I worker far at trustas look "As have most you how it. The all Lord. over these of passed He to been able trace in ancestors, assistants that ed undertakmy influential to gave His and men word

to I earlier, find or 1600 down that ing of were common greatmen—most of a a man, John, no man common

all of tillers them have been of fishermen. the them humble title. earthly a or rank poor was He soil."man. He had no church edifice in During his threeyear ministry,

Perhaps the great majority of the which to proclaim his message to Jesus labored mainly among the members of the Church of Jesus the people but went into the counpoor and disinherited. Seldom did Christ of Latterday Saints are alike the to give opportunity His try about Jordan crying in the wilHe have in the fact that they have come to richer classes. the from derness. message Often

tillers a line long of soil the of religious persecuted the was by He to in authority act speak and The folk. from to sure, common And, be leaders of the driven day and by is far greater the of of name God should not regretwe such anan another. to place from them one royal or than importance honors cestry! Rather should be proud we times besieged was by Many He royal those names. have who And that are the of people! we common large consisting of crowds mainly authority entrusted that with been history Throughout the of man people, large the a common number generally the ranks have from comemodest rank has been used the by in of believed divine miswhom, His the of man. common to carryLord out purposes. His In sion. earthly Christ His made fact, When of the many Testament Old

prophets, raised from the ranks of entrance as a child, He didn't come Finally He was crucified on Golthe common people, were repeatedly to a royal palace. His first abode gotha after an infuriated and bitter

used by the Lord to rebuke the rulers. on earth was about as humble and mob of religious leaders had cried

The New Testament also abounds insignificant as it could have been. to Pilate to let Him pay with His

in interesting incidents showing the He was born in a stable. His first life for the alleged atrocities of which

dignity of the common man. We bed was a manger. His childhood He had been accused. When death

read that in the beginning of the home was that of a lowly tradescame, His body was tenderly remeridian dispensation the word of man, a carpenter. moved from the cross by loving

the Lord came to Zacharias, a humAlthough the announcement of friends and placed in a borrowed ble priest. He was told that through His coming to the earth was heralded grave. Not even in death did He

him and his wife should come a son by a choir of angels singing, "Peace have a place to rest, thus bearing out who was to be great in the sight of on earth, good will to men,"their His earlier declaration, "The foxes the Lord. Through his ministry message came not to the rulers or the have holes, and the birds of the air

many of the house of Israel should dignitaries of the nation but to the have nests, but the Son of man hath turn again to the Lord, their God. shepherds watching their flock by not where to lay His head."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

VW'ith renewed vigor and enthuhis important mission. It lies in the

siasm, the Apostles continued words of the Savior when He said, the propagation of the Gospel after "Unless ye become like little children the of Pentecost. ofthe day One ye cannot enter the kingdom lAncuiilw/dut of God."greatest missionaries time of the was

Paul, who was converted to the GosFourteen-yearold Joseph Smith pel, following a miraculous experihad not created for himself religious (publmalwnA.

ence, as he was engaged in persebarriers when he was called by the cuting the followers of Christ. For Lord to usher in a new dispensation By

many years he traveled over Asia of the Gospel. He had no old dogMinor and the southeastern part of mas to destroy. To him one reliPRESIDENT

Europe preaching the Gospel whergious belief was as good as another J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

ever he had an opportunity. Reuntil he found the right one. There

peatedly he was forbidden to preach were no distinctions or prejudices Of the First Presidency in the synagogues. The persecuwhatsoever. He had a free and open

to us that pamcome attitude, mind. such an With religioustion against the by him he Reports circulated phlets are being beearnestly the before Lord that intenseleaders time was so and went

again he narrowly saved his life by seeching Him for information which among the people under cirfleeing from one city to another. was the true church of God. cumstances that lead some to believe

Most of his missionary work in the The answer the boy received led they are published and distributed cities in which he labored was done later to the restoration of the Gospel under some kind of approval or by going from house to house among and the establishment of the Church sanction from the General Authorthe common people. His converts of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. ities of the Church. These pamcame partly from his fellow workers Slowly the Church progressed. It phlets are said to contain extracts

in the tent factories who became imwas mainly from the common people from early sermons delivered by the pressed not only by his powerful that it attracted any attention. While early leaders of the Church, the

preaching but by the exemplary life the wise and the learned mocked in parts of the discourses printed havhe led. derision, a few of the common peoing to do with world conditions

Eventually, the earlyday Saints ple recognized the new teachings which the compilers of the pamphlets were persecuted and killed, the as the restored Gospel of Jesus apply to the situation existing in the

Apostles were martyred, and the Christ. Enthusiastic, these few earth today.

kingdom of God was taken from the went into the highways and byways The General Authorities have had earth as had been foretold. When of the world, proclaiming their tidnothing whatever to do with the

it became time to restore the true ings of great joy to all those who preparation of these pamphlets, nor

Gospel to the earth with its divine would give ear. The news found a have they sanctioned or approved

authority and blessings, the Lord fertile soil in the hearts of the comtheir compilation or issuance. When

again turned to the common people mon people in every nation where it the General Authorities shall wish to find an instrument for that imwas taken. One out of every city to do anything of this sort, they will

portant work. Not only did He again and two out of every family they do it under their own names and will

go to the common people to select a embraced the Gospel. not hide their identity behind some

leader for His cause, but among them From almost every civilized nation Church member.

He chose a boy, untutored and unthese common people gathered in It is also reported to us that in learned, and one with the most comthe valleys of the mountains where many cases these extracts as apmon name in the world. He was a they established themselves and the pearing in the pamphlets are in efthat, moreover, foretold of as cenfect garbled and kingdom God, Smith.Smith—Joseph full text Isaiah. in which the turies before read in the Prophet by when Of another Smith who wrote our

immortal patriotic song, "America,"Through the efforts of the common they appear, they take on quite a difit has been said, "God tried to hide man that kingdom eventually shall ferent meaning from what they seem him by calling him Smith."fill the whole earth. to have when torn from their context.

Even with two such common God's greatness lies, among other A text should always be studied for names as Joseph and Smith, this things, in the fact that He considers its real meaning in connection with full context.youth is universally known the insignificant things of the earth. the

throughout the modern world. This Luke tells us in the tenth chapter Furthermore, it is our information

is in fulfillment of the prophecy of how Jesus appointed the Seventy that these pamphlets are in some inthe Lord when He told Joseph Smith from among the common people who stances being surreptitiously merin 1839: were His disciples and sent them out chandized even in the temples, and

The ends of the earth shall enquire after two and two to preach the Gospel to also in Priesthood quorum meetings.

thy name and fools shall have thee in derithe various cities which He anThis should not be done. The temsion, and hell shall rage against thee, while ticipated to visit later. Shortly they ples are holy places; they are not

the pure in heart, and the wise, and the returned and reported with joy and book stores; they are not places in

noble, virtuous, shall and the seek counsel, blessings constantly from enthusiasm the marvelous things they which propaganda is to be carried on. andand authority,

under thy hand, and thy people shall never had experienced on their missionary The people are warned against all be turned against thee by the testimony of journey. After listening to their these perversive activities. Moretraitors. enthusiastic reports, Jesus rejoiced over, Priesthood quorum meetings

It may be wondered why it was and said, "I thank Thee, O Father, are not bookselling gatherings;

necessary for the Lord to select a Lord of heaven and earth, that Thou they are meetings for the study of man not only from the common peohast hid these things from the wise the Gospel and the carrying on of ple but a mere boy at that. The anand prudent, and hast revealed them the regular Priesthood activities.

swer is just as apparent as why He unto babes: even so, Father, for so From the October, 1940, General

chose John from his birth to carry out it seemed good in Thy sight."Conference messages.

JhiL UNDERSTANDING THREE CROWNSOF BEGINS PROGRESS By GUSTIVE O. LARSON

SHORT Director, L. D. S. Institute of

SHORT Religion, Cedar Cityt Utah

STORY

Stockare of proud hall. well they Allholm'sSwedescity And

might be as its stately tower raises the threecrown symbol high over the islands of that beautiful city.

But pride in the Stockholm Stadshus is

By not limited to the Swedes, for it is genJOSEPHINE mosterally distinctiveaccepted asbuildingsone of theof finestpresentand

It is significant that the JOY itcenturywas builtEurope.during World War.

It represents a project of construction in a period of destruction.

It stands as a monument conceived and erected through creative cooperation. The three crowns on top

of the tower are usually interpreted to represent a political trinity, but I like to think of them as representing the three C's which the building symbolizes

DID I DO "I'M SORRY.

SOMETHING WRONG?"—Conception, Cooperation, and Crealittle yanked the doll from tion. girl and

trio constructive is fundamental This child's the arms. progress. of to Great Price The Pearl

"Can't you read?"she asked, with records it in operation at the very besuch feeling and emotion in her ginning of earthly experience:

voice that the child uttered a little in rose the cry. fl nger We will go down, for there is space there, fell as her eyes uponyoung woman

the youngster who was handling the and we will take of these materials, and we toys in the tiny toy shop. D,'ad Jones, together with will make an earth whereon these may

will dwell; herewith, to prove child's them hurried to the And mother, the we old child here a Surely was

if all will see things they the in whatsoever store to do front of the time the hear signs to the readenough many... shall their I them. Lord sorry. "I'm command youngster say, God Did said: that store "Please thearound

at the beginning, they went and down And something wrong?"do the Toys."Handle NotDo

is that they, the formed organized Gods, and all the asksigns see "Don't you other neganger Yes, and many earth. the the 3:24, heavens and (Abraham to ing the toys?"not handle youative to been emotions have seemed (Italics ours.) 25; 4:1.) I sorry. really "I'm very won't

late. of her withworking havoc

I more. touch wouldn't them any

it it health, or herPerhaps was was the of conception Here a was new I if the handled seen have them had just gaining vicious that habit a was it. planet purpose behind a Here and signs. blind."You am see—I It easiera her? becoming hold on was cooperation the TrinHoly was among Quietly the saleswoman young

flare for ity; in easier result to a her the the ofand launching and up was doll, laid turned, the and went down

I creative in project little a which and things. youtemper over

It into the rear quite room. a was participate privileged in to are our even the shopkindly Jones, Old Dad to able before she few moments was in part that are playing day. a We soft.keeper, getting must be Time tears continue the hold her back and great project the before belaunched

after time she had seen him give work. ginning of this world. Let us not fortoys to the children to examine and The little girl left the store with get the lesson symbolized in the Stockhandle. He said it made him happy the big doll. Dad Jones had given holm city hall and seek to incorporate

to see their smiling faces as they it to her. And the child returned, the three C's into our daily program:

played with the toys. as strange as it may seem, many Let us conceive the beautiful; let us

strive that give to conception outward child, at least here a But was to visit nice the ten times lady Mr. and

effort; expression creative through and old; sheyears the could read many Jones. let finally, other cooperate each us with

signs. dolls the wigs were on The in longer no welcome Anger was our together so that broaden we may

little girls, like ruinedoften because life. a certain young woman's Anforces multiply conception, of our range

this one, fondled them. ger had left off where understanding of creation, and strengthen our power

She strode quickly over to the began. to preserve the beautiful in life.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

POCATELLO STAKE AGRICULTURAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACTIVITIES A CHILDHow

Committee, we have paid particular

By A. Y. Satterfield, attention to undeveloped irrigation

water rights, impounding of water for

Stake and Regional Chairman, irrigation purposes, etc. In the first

Agricultural Advisory Committee ward in which we organized an advisory committee, we asked the quesTHE TEN About a year and a half ago our tion, "How many men in the ward stake authorities chose a comwould farm if conditions would permit?"

Plan. the in the Welfare to go One of men, mostly now desiring youngQommandmsmiA. workfirstmitteethingsof three to act on agricultural Their answer was that at least twenty, to send out a did was we else, would to the city or somewhere

questionnaire ( similar to one sent us by do so.

) the the Committee General From group the learned same from We excellent to the response. survey originated of water and we that a stream BY stake, that farmers of our the learned the to running the ward, ran through

for River, via Snake Pacific Ocean, HAROLD L inglike higherthe restpricesof theforfarmers,their productswere needor that they the year, of and seven months sites, excellent least at dam two had SNOW, M.D. bringelse a themchangemoreof farmingmoney. thatAlsowouldwe the surveyed been by had which one of

learned that they needed to buy government. If the water were imthe can easily learn of their irrigate much it would Ten pounded,

numby OneCommandments (beland worthless, almost fertile, now ber, and recall any one cause of the lack of water) to support or all of them with ease. Not these twenty, perhaps more, families

long ago I taught a fiveyear-old and enable them, as one brother said, child the Ten Commandments in "to keep their own people, in most a very few minutes. A little recases their own sons and daughters,

view will so firmly fix the comhome where they would much prefer mandments in one's mind that to be."

they will never be forgotten. The ward committee got busy, and,

Place your two hands before with our stake committee's help, are you with the thumbs pointing tomaking the necessary moves to secure ward each other, and the fingers the water and financing. It is somepointing up. With your hands in thing they should have done before.

this position, start at the left and By any further delay, their rights and number your fingers and thumbs opportunities to get the water would from one to ten. soon have been lost to others below

Starting with the little finger them.

label left hand, of the we further with our proceeded As we lafinger ring the the Lord"; it we"Love conthese same found organization, we EIGHTH OF ELDERS QUORUM HARVESTING the only"; midbel to "Pray God BEETS NINEACRE SUGAR ON THEIR our other and CHURCH in wards, existing ditions

PROJECT, finger the WELFARE swear"; dle NORTH POCATELLO WARD, not "Do the helped them do have committees POCATELLO STAKE the finger index Sabbath "Keep their water protect to things necessary

holy"; and the thumb "Obey your cheaper, needed better markets, etc., rights and increase their irrigable

parents."and that they were willing to cooperate lands. If present plans materialize,

The thumb of the right hand in any reasonable way to remedy this homes should be made available for is labeled "Do not kill"; the incondition, for they had faith in our several hundred families right here in

dex finger "Keep pure in body plan because the Priesthood of the our own stake, on lands that are now and mind"; the middle finger "Do Church was back of it. idle and growing nothing but sagenot steal"; the ring finger "Do not We also learned as a result of our brush. We expect to follow this

lie or gossip"; and the little finsurvey that about one hundred and through to completion.

ger "Do not long for other peofifty families in our stake, mostly young ple's things."just in life, starting men and women We are insisting—that advising—yes, first five commandments desired acreage farms The and homes one or more develop in each quorum

are represented by the four finorder to produce their own livings; but projects, and in some instances these

gers and thumb of the left hand. they needed help. Most of these peoprojects become ward projects.

left extends forward This ple of arm our sons daughters and were residElders, of Eighth Quorum The heart. of the group This other from of S. people D. L. this and good

) Pocatello ( Tyhee ing in North Ward five represents Zion. stakes of commandments its of the recommendations accepting

first great the the Savior's of two assistin providing procedure Our raise to decided agricultural committee, of commandments: "Love God."all follows: as has been ance When project. as 1940 a They beets sugar

five last The commandments is are united on wanted, conwhat we turned land. All of acres nine secured

fingers are the four on and thumb presithe Priesthood fer with quorum it day. in fertilized one out and

right of the the of hand, arm bishopric of (both dency and whom its presifine of leadership the Through represents service or work, which in or Agrinot the been have may may Parkinson, Stuart, E. dency, Ray J. to fellow our second This man. cultural meetings Advisory Committee they Hale, Mathel Cherry, and Jesse

five of group commandments their authority cooperation get and and are project. this finished Here have

represents the second great law for putting over the project. the figures: the quorum has ninetyone

that Jesus gave: "Love of fellow Following the first suggestion in "Dumembers, of whom sixtytwo helped in

man."ties of Agricultural Advisory Comactual labor or donation by paying

mittees,"received from the General (Concluded on page 756)

When missionaries By VIRGINIA RICHES RETURN

Two of the missionaries who had planned

Any man that shall go and preach this to come were unable to make the trip; but

gospel of the kingdom, and fail not to conthe twelve who came lacked no enthusiasm tinue faithful in all things, shall not be weary to make the day one to be often remembered ACROSS in mind, neither darkened, neither in body, for its inspiration, encouragement, and helplimb, nor joint; and a hair of his head shall fulness. On the tour were: Elders Delmer

not fall to the ground unnoticed. And they Simpson, Odell Webb, and Sisters Virginia shall not go hungry, neither athirst.—Doc. Riches, Clara Brasher, Gladys Wenberg, TROUBLED

and Cov. 84:80. Irene Nielsen, lone lohnson, and Mabel

Jones of Salt Lake City; Elders Owen L.

of Idaho Falls; Taylor and Cox W. W.

C. of Tyler Idaho; Fenton Elder WATERS Ucon,

Thethoseabovewhoscriptureare sentis atopromisepreachuntothe DavidGlen MyersL. Madsenof Ashton.of Riverton,... Utah;Each Eldermade SOME EXPRESSIONS OF QUIET

Gospel, and in one sense points some contribution at one of the three meetCONFIDENCE FROM THE directly to the returned missionaries of ings held during the day—a kind of conWAR ZONE.

ference to all too a which soon came the to urging remain Church, them... close.

faithful the of the in forwarding work Sheffield, full the talks of All inspiraof were this in ideal rethe Lord. mind With Yorkshire, England, tion, enthusiasm; encouragement, and and missionaries the of East turned Central 19, 1940 August the songs sung and played music an gave

States have joined together in an asaltogether beautiful and appropriate setting sociation known as the "East Central to the services. "Mr. Therald N. Jensen:

States Returned Missionary Society.""Dear Brother Jensen:

Just a few of the highlights: Elder David

This society has a threefold purMadsen, in speaking of various attractions s I take up my pen, I note that it pose: first, to keep its members active in the world which tend to draw us away is now ten years since we agreed

in the work they learned to love in the from M. I. A. work and Church service in to write each other and this in remission field; second, to keep the links general, said: "A little wouldn't hurt, but membrance"H of the day when you, as a

of servant into our took it's God, little lot."baby your the that leads to the always field friendships the in mission of made her arms the and of gave Barbara, name

Sister third, lone eternity; a missionary former Johnson, for through an welded blessing. a and

of told States, the small a of Northwestern instill their actions within to and words things since happened have many "How of in the located School Sunday Church the the other of people young Church that eventful joys, day, sorwhat what told Fairbanks, Alaska. family one She how missiondesire to the serve as Lord rows, anxious experiwhat moments, what this of school, nine but compose members

aries. all ences; result is the these of and things perfect they School a organhave Sunday

the learning the great lessons of of submisization, just follow as the Instructor and temple addition holding In monthly to limitation, sion realization the and the of faithlarger do. closely as schools "Their classes, religious excursions study and life truth will that only work one way interest fulness should example be and an of misformer... T. which William Tew, that, God's and way. all to live."of us wherever may we sion the president of East Central

is the indeed of "This hour man's extremtold Sister of the Irene Nielsen evening letters is instructor, are States, the now ity; the great edifice of human to deliver farewell wisdom her missionary was

periodically society sent to the by in the evidenced apostate the churches and service to the shesermon. in held be a was The

various bishops, requesting the opporsmall building; a severe storm which came governments who labor not under the intunity to give a program on Sunday up just at meeting time put the electric spiration of heaven and who fashion God

evening as a means of keeping the power lines out of commission. Nothing according to their selfish designs—is beginmembers of the association active. could be done immediately to restore the ning to crumble.

lights, his brothers the of so placed one the the of pure restored eye "With prothese of of In appreciation one in of the front squarely automobile open of Christ, Gospel Jesus pierce can we recently grams, a communication was lights. turned the car door Focused and on mists the of sorrow blood and now the of received from a nonmember the stand, speaker's Sister as they were on threatening see the of and a dawn more Historian's the full Church Church in by of Nielsen stood a congregation view glorious shall right the day when day—even... see. herself could Office. not she of which Flo Written Whittemore by... triumph might, the over towers when

Ashton, Idaho, excerpts of the narrative The missionaries concluded their visit of Zion shall rise in every land,... when

follow: with a day's tour of Yellowstone Park, legislative councils shall not sit without

stopping long enough at the home of Brother the Lord, when the monies expended for to enjoy Edginton and Sister George liquor, tobacco, purposes—war, in histhe of the happiest Sundays One to their feast before returning watermelon for be the spreading expended of a destructiveetc.—shall of tory located eastern in Ashton Ward, homes.... in its truth and instruction application. Idaho, experienced Sunday, Septemwas

live of could group people a young Only 1, of ber of twelve a group members Brother forgive "Well, when Jensen, me for into put as so packed this group a day much the States Central East Missionary Sogiving vent inquiring before to my feelings the in into spent Ashton Sunday Ward, ciety us. the spent Sister with yourself, Elder Glen day Jensen, parents your for how

Myers of Ashton, who fulfilled a mission besides the three Church services, there and all the folks with whom we have been in the East Central States, had extended were luncheon, visiting, and singing at Edgacquainted are getting along. I trust that

an invitation to the Association some weeks inton's between morning and afternoon as you all contemplate the unhappy condipreviously asking if a missionary Sunday meeting; and between afternoon and eventions of wartorn Europe you will continucould be arranged. His answer was a ing meetings, there was dinner for the girls ally lift your voices in appreciation of

telegram from Elder Delmer Simpson, Presat the home of President and Mrs. H. A. gratitude to God for the privilege which

ident of the Society, advising that fourteen Hess, and for the boys, dinner at the homes you enjoy by living in that favored land members of the Society would meet with us of Mr. and Mrs. Dimond Loosli and Mr. of Joseph. The desire to enjoy that priviSeptember 1st. News of the event was and Mrs. Edginton. lege has not diminished with the passing

spread as much as possible in every direcAshton Ward deeply appreciated the of the years, but the time of destiny for tion, and we looked forward eagerly to our services of these young people of the Misthe Saints of these lands is now upon us, big day. sionary Society! and my hope for the present is that I might

in some small way help to hold the fort in this difficult period and encourage all to be resolute and steadfast in righteousness that we might have a place prepared THE LORD for the day when many shall come into the fold, as most assuredly they will, and shall missionaries return ourwhen for a LOOKETH in heart. to gather honest out theseason

"Well, I guess you must often wonder isjust floodthat the position our what now of hellgates the burst raging have open and ON THE HEART torrents of oppression and hate are surging forward. Well, the flood has not reached By GASTON CHAPPUIS

us yet, and, provided the people of this land will let true Christian principles be Recently returned from conducting the criterion by which they express their the affairs of the French Mission thoughts and actions, that flood of vengeance now so threatening, never will reach

I all and though knowledge; have allus. is food provision of men far and women so Our quite Thousands

faith, mounted,: so that I could remove is lifegood, pretty and generally speaking heart of various die annually

charity, nothing. not and have I am the except, for of course, the samemuch statisticians diseases. Indeed,

I all to though goods bestow And my all excitelong waiting hours other and toll tell resulting the that death us

I the poor, feed give though and my body this to warfare.ment modern common far that ailments heart exceeds from it to burned, charity, be and not have present, the the British people "For

it disease, other contagious of any be profiteth nothing. me It,'the accepted slogan tohave 'Go

and this with a will to win. God grant or not. Of course, we know that all

that we may win and may our victory be do not die who are thus afflicted. In other words, the smile of the

one in which all evil is overcome. May Many keep on living, to a ripe old face or the gift of the hand are of

victory bring with it understanding and age sometimes, but they do so at the no value if the heart has ceased to appreciation of the other fellow's point of price of constant watchfulness and throb and to pour generously the it will victory thatview. a oppress be May to into themselves of "milk submitting kindness"numerthe by human

the to but give one even vanquishedno restrictions; relationships. instance, for ous they channels of human privilegesthe fundamental which can upon

life, it is spiritual sports exeror In our avoid strenuous so not must life. built thebe abundant more

"And so for a season I bid you adieu and cises, undue strain or fatigue; they much the act of charity which

pray that a safe passage may be granted must watch their diet and otherwise counts, but the motives behind that to this epistle. A line from you will be be on the alert every minute of their act. Far too often there is a selfgreatly appreciated. Give our love to all existence, lest they be stricken sudish motive behind an otherwise kind

tell the in Saintsand miss Zion we act. without warning. the denly generous or and A slight

firm,missionaries so but much, stand we departure not, there for instance, from this rigid code too Are may inundaunted, hearts and convinced our fatal. prove Christians think that obemany whothat as faithful as long are the Lord we

will be mindful of us, and though bombs This helps us to realize the great dience to certain of the Lord's commay continue to drop and though invasion importance of the heart in the mandments will excuse or atone for may threaten, the promises of God shall all health and natural life of man. Of disobedience to others? Are they

be fulfilled. all the organs, tissues, and parts not far too numerous who think

"Sister Bailey and the children join with that make up the human body, the that by rigidly observing the Sabin sending greetings love andme is to all. heart life or tithes bath because the paramount cenpaying the by on

"Sincerely, brother, your it. ters failure about anise mint and they can and cummin, means A total H. BAILEY."GEORGE certain failure, life death; partial the escape at weightier the matters of

Worthing, Sussex, England, a much decreased pace. All those Plan? Unto such we can only reJuly 20, 1940 who suffer from any heart trouble peat the words of the Savior: "Exare fact. cept well of this Uncle: righteousness Dear aware your the exceed"My

so thanks, VER for your letter many**tj are other There of scribes the thousands and who righteousness *-"/ It is Bible and of Mormon]. suffer [Book shall Pharisees, another from kind of heart wise enter you in no

kind are delighted withvery and of you we ailment, into unfortunately the are of not heaven."kingdom who We

I reading each and evening some am it. always of the aware keep of must law. know mean we whole We just reading of of the death and Nephiit.am is that heart tells the seat us, Apostle which The of huJames "Whosorry has over as he passed he is sucham

feelings shall emotions, soever man the and keep through law, whole and is lot soul.a to a good learn from There

this book, and it's all good, too. Before which flows not blood, but the milk yet offend in one point, he is guilty

the time arrives for me to pass over, I do of human kindness. Selfishness and of all."And since charity—or love,

hope I'll learn much of real good, and greed, the arteriosclerosis of this as it is more appropriately called

I'll get a lot from reading this book; so organ, harden it and interfere with is the summum bonum of the

see, Uncle, done haveyou what you to its functions. proper plan, harboring whole Gospel or The any word

...help. illfeeling of the hinders that or hatred deed does not the from come last forever, don't day and one "Wars

is little heart spontaneous and of warm of value. impulses or no Our this present shall will over one and be we

this highly sensitive if hearts organ. right, If these must be expect we living of a idea andcommence on new

helping one another irrespective of what dangerous conditions are not remeto enjoy a normal spiritual life.

nationality we are.... There is plenty died, if the patient does nothing to And while men might easily be

in this world for everybody, and the great halt the progress of these deadly deceived by a seemingly righteous

Creator has not kept one single thing short. diseases, he is putting his spiritual appearance, by many acts of philanto talk hear these leaders ofYet some one life in great jeopardy. charity, thropy the the Lord, and when And who

is think thatwould a thing which money toxins egoism, of greed, able to hatred, read or is men's thoughts and is sent certain only a and amount by God, lust find all their this into the intents circuknows motives way and that. at it is to time stopped It seems me we

worshipping money and worshipped God, latory system, the heart gives way, behind their every action, cannot not because we are afraid or in trouble, and sure spiritual death must folbe deceived. See how He admonbut worship Him and love Him because low. Listen to the words of an ished the Prophet Samuel, a man

of His love for us. There is no doubt we eminent moral physician, the Apostle endowed with an unusual gift of

are to love the cradle brought from up Paul; discernment, says: latter he the when was

first last, it's and very and amoney wrong selecting the king to replace new teaching. I the speak Though with tongues of the disobedient rejected Saul: and love "For with goodbye, now, from of angels, and us men charity, not and have

both, and looking forward to your next I am become as sounding brass, or a "The Lord seeth not as man seeth;

letter. tinkling cymbal. for man looketh on the outward ap-

"Your loving nephew, And though I have the gift of prophpearance, but the Lord looketh on

E. THORNE"ecy, and understand all mysteries, and the heart."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

Jhsuf, Sow -IT THROUGH By HANS H. HART

AN"Obedienceancient sageto knownonce truthwrote:is

the king's highway to that which is still beyond us."Most of

of achievements noble great and

OCTOBER ON SCHOOL, SUNDAY, TAKEN SUNDAY BRANCH FAIRBANKS to result of tenacity the are IN OF GROUP.6, 1940.THEREELDERSARE FORTYSIXFOLLAND mankindthe CORNER RIGHTHAND ARE HEWLETT THE LOWER AND

are carried on ideal or and a purpose GROUP. INVESTIGATORS SEVEN IN THE AND MEMBERS

in spite of bitter opposition and ridicule.

Lester Pfister, an obscure Illinois farmer, has risen to the pinnacle of the agricultural world by adherence MISSIONARIES to the above maxim. Visualizing a

of better strain maize, he worked rididisappointment, years of Qru thsL Tbftih, fowiiM through cule, and adversity. His development of hybrid corn has revolutionFairbanks, Alaska ized cornbelt farming. Not long

to highest 12, 1940 world's the October award ago EDITOR'S NOTE Championship corngrowers, "The Smith:Dear President and Sister of the activity part to Display,"awarded was of the NorthTen-Ear As western States Mission, two C. E. Troyer of La Fontaine, In- 7""| nd so the snow with belowzero

corn, a entry diana, hybrid of Elders an missionaries, Lorin on G. Folland, northern to our weather comes L—I at thing the tribute did to a F. are Hewlett, Jr., Lester Jr., man and now who J- clothcountry. * Furs and warm scoffed. others in had which northern laboring a outpost—Fairpopular the to proving being are most his Fernando Magalhaens and has the Alaska, banks, Church where

this in ofitems discussion here Alaska their well Faleiro, friend, served closes winter branch. Ruy a growing As

week. Yesterday morning we awoke in on this far northern land, these native Portugal. Illrewarded by the

to see a strange scene of beauty with missionaries report to their president, country of their birth, and despised glistening snow making each twig of Nicholas G. Smith, by letters from by the dominant church of their

every bush and tree appear as a white which these excerpts are taken. day, these noble men with a burning

truth desire to to a doubting a provejewel.

into the service of entered world Every home has double windows Fifth of the ExpressSpain. Charles

and doors here in Fairbanks. The exgraph records.... It is a joy to see ing his belief of a. matter which

tra pair are called storm windows, how the Church activities provide for resulted in changing the entire trade which help to keep the cold out. Elder a happy, wellbalanced life. Each day routes of the world, Magalhaens said

live, in forever will that words invited to go been I haveHewlett and for rethe of appreciation life and my

I is flat the earth say] but [They will team. a dog with"mushing"We grows. stored Gospel

its the seen and have shadow on moon Eskimo. in play "Parkas"anddress night meetings are every holding We I faith in a than have more shadow

all here with us could beI wish you afternoons. are in the and some child in We [them]."school knows Every

to enjoy this beautiful Alaskan country lending and selling several copies of the of these intrepid men and their hisin the winter. It is entirely different Book of Mormon.... torymaking discovery. Obedience

from when we arrived two months ago. The accompanying picture is our to truth again led to victory.

In July the sun would shine for about Fairbanks Branch Sunday School. In 1839, another truly great man

his the of surrose conditions above the while day, each hourstwenty now prespeople over sixty were There intolerant roundings gave to an and in the for hours shines only a fewsun... ent. world a literary masterpiece—words at night afternoon.early moon The first will basketball be game Our his to of inspiration comfort and

it as does heads our over notdoes move is provevening. next team that followers, Friday The downhearted words

back home; rather, it follows a circular ing to be an excellent means of getting will ring down through the ages.

course just a few feet above the horiour young people interested in the From the dank and vermininfested

Jail, hellhole Liberty as where knownzon. nine again. young were There Church

trusted his several of he and comfirst first (the to meeting I. A. Our M. to the out age) (our boys Mormon incarcerunjustly been had panions last believe) in Alaska, heldbe we last vigorous night. After our practice for months, ated penned Smith Joseph success. night a grand wasWednesday night, last and Hewlett Elder exercise of the inspiration under guidanceWe and the officers were certainly I can hardly walk this morning.... beautiful one hundred and twentythe

one hundred over to welcomehappy to this combinedfifty people meeting Sincerely your brother, firstnants.sectionWhoof doesthe Doctrinenot thrillandtoCovethese

and social. Elder Hewlett and I wrote Elder Lorin G. Folland, Jr. comforting words?

an article for the paper wherein we an- "My son, peace be unto thy soul;

afflictions thine adversity and activities of the purposes andnounced Fairbanks, Alaska. thineshall a small but be moment; and

I. this ofthe A. The headlines M. if it well, shall then, thou endure God Sister Smith: Dear President andarticle were: Youth "Brigham Young high; shalt exalt thee triumph thou on

Program Inaugurated in Fairbanks."HPhis week the word "North"takes on over all thy foes."

Our young members of the Church are * an added significance.... We are And these words were written unpopular here in Fairbanks both at the now able to realize that we are in the der conditions almost too abhorrent

it to truth describe. the and Know at highcollege the and other In words, Alaska."of "Heart school—they free! shall make you all foltheir friends. ofinvited reto this bear polar has winter come We to the All great humble honor and

. for preliminaries usual an the first time forlowed night the gion.. Last "carried and have have on"who men introducing meeting,opening Mutual this the temperature season. went down flinched or not opwhimpered when

the officers and the year's work, etc. below zero, but it was nothing accordposition, persecution, ridicule, and

Later we played games, had refreshing to the natives.... The cold up adversity confronted them.

ments, and our guests danced to phono- {Concluded on page 756)

ChJii&tmaA, (Booka, #l?l QhUdMrL

BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

THIS IS FREEDOM tainous region of northwestern India. In

(Rhoda Nelson. Dodd, Mead and watched over the little human group when this child's story, young people will find a

Company, New York, 1940. the Christ was born. The greatness of pleasurable introduction into the customs

302 pages. $2.00.) the story lies in its simplicity and its huand geography of that region through the

little of lame a boy, Rhamon, who need message so much story we manity—the the of the Kashmiri. found favor with Rajah the are those ages older than C. who today.—M. J.Even full talillustrations, color, in the by The is this for of 15, 12 to book whom

delight of to the ented Duvoisin, add Roger this will find written, enbookavowedly STORIES CHRISTMAS TO READ AT C. the book.—M. J. surprisinglygrossing. author has The

enough recaptured the spirit of high ad- (Elsie Singmaster. Houghton, Mifflin

venture that moved in the hearts of men Company, New York, 1940.in the 1840's and she also has caught a deep 231 pages. $2.00.) LISTEN, MY CHILDREN

vision of the spirituality that made the (Edited by Gertrude Harrison. Henry

Mormon pioneers leave all that was dear Tn this collection of seventeen Christmas Harrison, 79 Fourth Avenue, New York, * stories by a wellloved writer, the story1940. 389 pages. $3.00.)

teller will he will love which find many for gatherings. church use Forand social to Mrs. Harrison felt that there are too

tunately the stories are short enough that many anthologies made from poetry no great amount of cutting will be necessary which adults believe children should enjoy for those who wish to retell them. reading than from poetry which children do

These stories, all of which except one were enjoy reading. In this anthology of modern

published, appeared in such wellknown poetry, she has collected many poems which magazines as The Delineator, The Class* children will enjoy listening to and which mate, The Woman's Home Companion, they will enjoy reading for themselves.

This Week, The Pictorial Review, The The book is cleverly illustrated and will

Ladies'Home Journal, The Youth's Combe used by even the youngest for that panion, as well as other leading periodicals. reason. Surely this is a book which will

repay reading to children, for its selections

CHRISTMAS IS COMING willwill stimulatealso help theirthemactiveimproveimaginationstheir literaryand (Edited by Manley H. Jones and Illustrated tastes.—M. C. /.

by Charlotte Becker, Houghton, Mifflin

Company, Boston, 1939. $1.00.) ABRAHAM LINCOLN

HP HIS little book is a collection of stories (Written and Illustrated by Ingri and * and poems which children will adore Edgar d'Aulaire, Doubleday, Doran and to hear and memorize for school programs. Company, New York, 1939. $2.00.)

the stories are and Most of poems comwill this rtistically a triumph, book tell. will pletely to ones new which be fun children. as well as to appeal to adults A

By Lorraine Woodhouse. SALUTE

(Written and Illustrated by C. W.

Anderson. Macmillan Company, New faithto the rather which than give them up York, 1940. 64 pages. $1.50.)

of the story Intothey embraced. had Thad

is befriendedHart, a by boundboy who is Peter, the story the of boy who This Saints, are thethe Latterday Olivers, who his horses, loved horse always had and of alsoauthor something has myswoven the horse, Peter and cured how Mohawk in the solve thattery mystery must Thad race, a and bought a brand pony new won the father'sof his disappearance knowland that he "Salute."lithographs named The of that the Singing Indian hadedge Owl illustrate all freely the which were book father his seeking.the mine was directly plates. zinc drawn on Consequently

fulfilled the agreement has Thad When rich they aliveness depth in a have and realizes Oliver, with he Stephenhe made their reproduction.

lies his Saints, thethat with whose freedom will author be favorremembered The faithsufferings has endured he and whose his for in previous ably Black, work Bay, is It illustrated in five lithographs with hashe C. J. witnessed.—M. fine a Chestnut, for horselovers and book

is in colors. told a delightThe story all of C. /. ages.—M. fully refreshing old which manner makesALL NIGHT THE THROUGH

Field. (Rachel Macmillan Company, RHAMON, A BOY OF KASHMIR factsThisattractive.bouk should be in the libraries of all 1940. York, 50 cents.)New

(Heluiz Washburne. Illustrated. Albert children up to the age of ten. If the earlier

and these same Washington Company, Chicago, 1939. book on George by find will Christmas a ready Whitman bookThis 125 pages. $2.00.) authors purchased, not has already been for those market to recapture wish who

and help others recapture the spirit of the it should also be added to the permanent first Christmas when the beasts of the stable 11 Jany have heard glowing tales of the bookshelf.—M. C. /.

and the birds of the air in their kindliness *'* Vale of Kashmir, a beautiful moun- ( Concluded on page 738

THE FRIEND THE CHRISTMAS GIFT A PRAYER

By Annie Wells Cannon By John H. Squires By Zara Sabin

Bethlehem, things of life the common let tolerant today be God, meAmong Dear sacred gem Thou spent. were Her days failings O as own, I would Of others'my nestled Close by Jerusalem, the of waysShe sought the while, they peace—not Remembering may decree, God's strife By content. knewAnd bearing burdens never I have known. Be

art to be Thou Around her door where flowers grew The place of Christ's nativity. Let me not judge, for it is written so,

played. childrenSweet all leave judgments, unto Thee; always, But array laughterTheir and the song of birds Without this, haply, surely doing know And may display, Or great musicSweet made. faults graciously. are forgiven own My earth He'll come in God's own way; To

or pride pomp No 'round bees garden gay. her hungThe Shall herald wide smiles to thinkShe has That He flowers her could she give fromThat come our lives to guide. STORMS

So sweet a drink. To a manger

By Catherine E. Berry this stranger, Came

Not strange it seems that 'round her hearth angels free from danger; Kept by

friends abound,True stillness in the air tonight, is a little guest THERE amongWhen quiet, fury dies. after Nature's Strange breast, mother's these lonely, tender things AOn

Her heart they found. God's greatest gift made manifest. An hour ago the clouds were shot with

skies. thunder the heavy echoed from

petals from the trees, lashed swept HEARTHSTONE TheWithouthumbleacclaimcame, RainAnd light, their the see aim; babe, only To flowers, the Grace Sayre By could but Oh, we hill, the rivulets ran in gushing down And

earnestly As in this humble home I light the great unseen driven and by some HardHere the sight to see. Behold they came candles powers;

grace, mystic shed a flame to burn andTheir sight Then suddenly—the night was calm and A wondrous

little still. must each be homeKnowing brings delight the That

symbol To all who watch this holy night;

Of love kept burning on an altarplace. Foregathered here There is a stillness in my heart tonight,

Are men sincere Strange quiet now that you have come and

And here shall come the guests with dayWho came to see this babe so dear. gone,

light's ending light, glitter stars that lovely with And now kneel; wise men hour The sacred of friendship's in needGuests the fade, all too blink soon and and Will feel surely They brave simple each transcends loveWhen dawn truth that Christ will reveal; soon The endeavor, this rewill in break Will splendor—but afar from For find shall their in perfect peace homesAnd.. main star the saw They flower. of the storms,. of pain. wreck memory The the ajar. pearly gates And now

SEASONING The message then, "Good will to men,"THE SNOWSTORM

By Ernestine Mercer Must echo through the world again.

nation Each must By Beatrice E. Linford

trust, otherSnow is winter's sense of humor The

Chuckling valleys, rippling hills, And ever seek to be more just. GAZE upon trees and shrubs laden down

skiers tumbling, fences,Frivolous breathtaking beauty; a white I With strife awful bills. The doctors'pavements, Flippant mystic transforming magic must have Some see so rife We in the night. them Overtaken disappear Must deftly pointed, from human life. rounded,Sharply

the speed Then day Icicles wit, winter's are first delighted rays of the In the sun all thrust laughter men of brittleSlender When may graceful shining heads; boughs bow In kindly their it. deeds love display. The Earth and mind remember tall caps with fenceposts pose lowly The

ADVANCEMENT MustFor allbeonof earthworth Deadon;hollyhock stocks are regal.

Whate'er has been By Becgeta Williams cheerful their chance of birth. My soul is all but out of me this day, With mind

indescribable beauty Such We'll first so young you went were whenYou in divine some power Holds me awe of A thousandsurelywaysfind to be more kind. away,

to old trees. things such can do That

I all the things you had taught youAnd knew. Forgive, forget,

It will seem strange to have you say, And do not let "Come, dear, and I will show you A thought of hate this day beset, CINQUAIN ever try But this but, that is or done,"oh, I knowHow magnify By Alton G. Peterson trueIt will your To because be some day

guesting spirit The love of Him who dwells on high.

gone exploringHas far beyond my uniTHEIs sungone but leaves verse, and so

When I shall come to greet that distant ToHer lingermauvethroughand rosethedelightdarkness of dawn,

You will be there to take my hand The night.

And lead me down some old familiar path,

Forgotten since my feet knew earthly land. Thus lives

Then I shall hear the music of your voice, Spent gloriously

And hearing, smile into your eyes, Leave, when they fleet away,

Marveling that you have grown so strong A pattern rare for man to trace and wise! Each day.

BIG COTTONWOOD STAKE Tracy Y. Cannon. Included also are NATIONAL SCOUT LEADER

CREATED BY DIVISION works of Handel, Mendelssohn, ColerCITES ROLE OF CHURCH idgeTaylor, is in in far Scouting Utah Bach, Maunder, and Sul- "Cenior the of 133 Church numbered C takes livan. rest of the of the na- *** advance *** 20, October when, the Cottonon

S. the L. D. because Church divided to Stake form an was wood adGEORGE it stated to us,"taught Dr. O. Ray unit, ditional the Big Stake, Cottonwood

director national of educaON EIGHTIETHD. PYPERBIRTHDAYHONORED tionWyland, comprising Holladay, Cottonwood, Mt.

Olympus, South Cottonwood, and Active and in good health, on Notion, B. S. A., during a recent visit to

Winder wards, with a total member- ** vember 21, George D. Pyper, GenUtah Scout leaders in Salt Lake City.

ship of 4,066. Remaining in the Coteral Superintendent of the Deseret He said that for fifteen years Utah has

tonwood Stake are the Bennion, Grant, Sunday School Union, reached his led all states and the L. D. S. Church

Mill Creek, Murray First, Murray eightieth birthday. On the day precedhas led all churches in percentage of

Second, and Taylorsville wards, coming, the occasion was noted by a host active Scouts.

prising a total of 5,918 members. of friends at a public reception held in Present at a special Lion House

Former bishop of Cottonwood the Brigham Young Memorial Building, luncheon honoring Dr. Wyland were

Ward, Irvin T. Nelson, was appointed which followed an informal dinner parPresident Heber J. Grant; George Q.

Superintendent General of the given Superintendent asMorris, Pyper's by to preside stake, the over with T. ty new

Franklin S. Harris, I. A.; Dr. sociates the Y. M. M. on General Sunday School first Collie Stayner as and CarGeorge

los Smith, Jr., as second counselor. Board. Elder Pyper, -who was manager President of Brigham Young UniverThe incumbent presidency composed of the old Salt Lake Theatre until its sity; and Dr. Frank L. West, L. D. S.

of William S. Erekson, stake president, close, is also first vice chairman and Church Commissioner of Education.

treasurer of the General Church Music Wahlquist, Ephraim first, and Verl J. B. Y. U. OBSERVES t Committee. F. will second counselor, McMillan, FOUNDING ANNIVERSARY continue to lead the Cottonwood Stake.

exercises on October 16 A ppropriate RETURN high councils were sustained in MISSIONARIESNew *** sixtyfifth anniversary marked the stakes. both FROM SOUTH SEAS

the of of founding Brigham UniYoung at Presiding the reorganization were Australia, from "Decalled New Zeaits versity, school which Church had Elder Stephen Richards of the Coun- L land, Samoa, of and trust in origin of a from Tonga—areas deed Brigham cil the of and Elder Twelve Rufus K. possible in the danger everwidening for the occasion Speakers Young. First of the of Seventy. Council Hardy theater sixtysix of missionaries war—Clark, of President Jr., were Reuben J.

First Presidency, Elder A. John

of of the the Council Twelve,WARD CHOIR FESTIVALS ofon thethe ChurchS. S. Lutlinearrivedearlyin Sanin November,Francisco theWidtsoeARE NEW DEVELOPMENT twenty of whom were released, the reand Dr. Franklin S. Harris, president

delivering In of the university. A festival program intended to give bormainderin thereassignedStates. Antoadditionalnew fieldstwentyof laprincipal address of the day, Dr. Widtto prominence the ward choir also Elders, as one evacuated from"the the soe spoke on "The First Vision of Jomusical a leading organization and demissions, will continue South Sea island Smith."seph

to set signed standard in of excellence a their in Hawaii. Missionaries are work is school of the Present enrollment

selection the sacred performance and of also being taken out of Africa South students, three than thousand more music is throughout the being Church Tahiti. left not Elders and yet have states in the representing of the most inaugurated the auspices under the of Tahiti, South"those but are Africa from countries. foreign union and manyGeneral Church Committee. Music route present, the en home. For now

In the course of two years, music fesmission presidents in the affected fields DEATH TAKES ACTIVE tivals will be conducted in every stake. have been instructed to remain at their CHURCH, CIVIC LEADER

Ward choirs in each stake will composts. A life of service to Church and comin thebine of festival preparation numReassignment of the 8 with ** munity and release ended October was

bers, the stake rehearsals to be under missionaries city eightyseven already the evadeath of William Murdoch, the supervision of the General Music cuated follow: commissioner of Salt Lake and an acCommittee, with Mitchell Lorenzo N. tive the of Twentieth member Ward, Mission representative.as their Stakes have Australian Stake. held services funeral Ensign At Released: Joel Bryan, Tooele, R. Utah; geographically,been grouped stakes the in the Hall Temple on Assembly I. Eric California; Bundy, Hollywood,in festival stage each group to the late cited Square, the commissioner was Jr., Verkin, Judd, Utah; James La Jean W.simultaneously at the appointed. time Salt as administration Lake. been a McDonough, whose had man

first forRehearsals the stakes of group to Transferred California Mission: Hencredit city the personal to a and whose—Malad, Portneuf, Pocatello, Blackry E. Bird, Malad, Idaho; Albert G. Brain, integrity and character had been an exfoot, Falls, Salt Jr., Lake; Idaho Delta, William Idaho Falls, Edwards, North H. all Presihim. for ample knew who

Stirl Utah; L. Pocatello, Idaho; Empey, Shelley,Rigby, Yellowstone, Rexburg, the dent O. David among was McKay P. Falls, Kirkman, Idaho; TwinTeton, Burley, Minidoka, Cassia, Twin Robert speakers. George LeBaron, Santaquin, Utah; Al- W. Falls, Blaine, Raft and 15, River—have 1878, September Born in Heber bert McMullin, Barnwell, R. DelCanada;already held. been City, Utah, rose Elder from Iona, Wilde, D. Murdoch Idaho. wyn

The selections to be sung in the fesTransferred to Hawaiian Mission: Danthe position of obscure neighborhood

tivals are contained in a new book isford F. Greene, Salt Lake; Henry Jensen, grocer to a place of leadership in the

sued the General Riverton, Utah; by Church Music P. BountiWalker Mabey, his organizations finally of trade to and

ful, Utah. entitled "FestivalCommittee Anthems."in important seat city the governan Northwestern States: Charles To care, great with the W.Chosen among city ment. elected the to was comHe Arnett, Franklin, Arizona; Claren Col- R.selections are of the best some known in in mission re1935, 1939 and was lard, Salt Lake; Ellison, Wallace D. Waterin field the of sacred music. Church polling elected, largest the popular vote ton Park, Canada; Albert Everett, G. Saltcomposers represented are H. George given Salt ever a City Earl Lake; L. commission Lake Francom, Payson, Utah;

Durham, N. Lorenzo Mitchell, J. Stanley R. Fuller, Pine, Arizona; Grant M. candidate.

Spencer Cornwall, B. Cecil Gates, and {Concluded on page 739) (Continued on page 734)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

seahunting deer hide. By next - branch changes goodThe Church Moves On WARD will Industries son, Deseret have some

(Continued from page 733) 'T'he former Pioneer Branch in Chestwo thousand jackets manufactured.

terfield has been organized as a

Stake, OliverINDIAN of the Pioneer with ward EYEWITNESS BISHOPS, PRESIDING unit as bishop. C. PedersenOF PIONEER The SCENES new

VISITS SALT LAKE will be known as the Redwood Ward. ELDERS APPOINTED

Branch, Tinto Rio The Nevada First Alpine Ward, Fork first the in years, forty time"pOR Chief American Stake, has independent given been*"Stake, Seastrand succeeds Ernest J. also as Nannan, known Tecumseh, status, appointwith L. Kenneth Tame as bishop. A. Greenwood Thomas as stripling Indian a stood boywho as presiding Elder. ed Stake, South Benson Richmond Ward, his father, great the Chiefby Tabby, Stake, Walla Union Walla Ward, Elijah succeeds Morris Hicken God- M. J. theand watched Brigham and Young the of has in place been organized frey.

Pioneers the come EmiMormon down Elijah Hiatt has Walla Walla Branch. Stake, Blackfoot MiGroveland Ward, trail,gration Salt to Canyon came bishop. been appointed F. chael succeeds Jr., Johnson, Joseph

late in a sightseerLake as October Jensen.

with other descendants of Utah's Stake, Ernest inal rulers. called The centenarian Shipley. origCHURCH OFFICE GROUNDS S. ParadiseObray, succeedsWard, HeberHyrumG.

Presidenton Grant. Heber J. BEING LANDSCAPED Stake, Santa Beach Ward, Long Ana

father, Chief Chief Nannan's Tab- I. succeeds Brazee Robert Brockbank the design garden with A completeby, friend the of Brigham was Young Hawkins. "its Building Office cenas Church treaties theand and Mormons made SpanishAmerican Branch, Maricopa

is tral feature the carried being out on them.with Stake, succeeds Fred S. Shreeve Lyman

With the visiting group of Indians, grounds surrounding Church head- T. Ash as presiding Elder.

now living at White Rock, were Pete quarters in Salt Lake City. BeautifiEden Ward, Minidoka Stake, Carl S.

Arkansas, grandson of Chief Walker, cation of the grounds is part of the George succeeds Edward W. Little.

his wife Beverley, and their son Louis. general Church improvement program Montpelier First Ward, Montpelier

Chief Walker, known in his day as the now going forward in ward and stake Stake, George S. Tibbitts succeeds W.

Perkins. and grounds throughout the Louis"great outlaw,"as buildings and now recognized

Stake, Branch, Montpelier Pegram HerChurch. skillfulthe warrior of the Great most K. Teichert succeeds man Grove M.

Basin Indians, admired Brigham Young Haddock.

because the Mormon leader had "only DESERET INDUSTRIES Arbon Ward, Pocatello Stake, Willard one tongue."RECEIVES DEER HIDES J. PimaAndersonWard,succeedsSt. JosephJosephStake,N. Arbon.Burt McBride succeeds Lines. Milton hunters contributed hundreds P\eer"BELIEVE OR NOT"Stake, Bedford Star Valley Ward, WilIndustries, of hides to DeseretFEATURES ITMORMON liam Russell Rickenbach succeeds Titensor. agency, to in response Church Welfare MIGRATIONHANDCART Riverside Bernardino Stake, Ward, San

an appeal calling for the hides as makeWilliam J. Taylor succeeds Robert A.

"Dobert Ripley's famous "Believe It work material. First jobs created by Reiche.

A Or Not"syndicated newspaper the deer hides are for the truck drivers, Thayne Ward, Star Valley Stake, Joseph feature recently gave space to the who collect them from the hunters'M. Merritt succeeds Roswell R. 'Dana.

Branch, Stake, Mercur Tooele Evon W. salting job is the second homes. of the handcartachievement down Mormon A

succeeds Strasburg. Holbrook T. George hides to drying preparatory of thepioneers. mihandcart famous "The

First Stake, LaGrande Union Ward, out. operations, Succeeding his them caption:gration to ran Utah,"A. exWalter C. Lindsay succeeds Lloyd

"4,000 men, women, and children travclusive of tanning, include making the Walch.

eled 1,300 miles on foot from Missouri skins into boys'jackets. From two to Egin Ward, Yellowstone Stake, C. Merto Salt Lake carrying practically all three jackets can be made up from one rill Cruser succeeds Joseph A. Johanson.

their worldly goods with them in the years 185660.... The average trip

took ninety days from Iowa City to

Salt Lake City, and the hardships and privations were so indescribable that out of the first thousand handcart pioneers, 144 died and were buried on the lonesome trail en route."

ADAMS WARD OPENS TOP,AUDITORIUMENTRANCE,OF ANDTHE BOTTOM,FIRST

RECREATION CENTER CHURCHOWNED CHAPEL IN "Oecently opened by the Adams SWITZERLAND, LOCATED IN BASEL

A- Ward, Hollywood Stake, is an elaborate recreation center, on which These photographs were recently resome $3,000 has been spent for equipceived by Thomas E. McKay, with a

ment and landscaping. The park congratifying report of continued Church

tains a basketball court, several courts activity in this land. The auditorum

for volley ball, badminton, shufflecan be divided in the middle, with a board, handball, horseshoepitching, stage at one end, and facilities for tables for ping pong and tennis, picconducting regular services at the nic tables, and a drinking fountain with other end.

a cooling system. Sandboxes, swings,

slides, and jungle bars have been installed for the young. Fluorescent lights

illuminate the park for evening use.

Further plans for the center include the building of an open fireplace, rest rooms, showers, and a shelter for housing the equipment.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

Wellsville, Utah; William A. Glenn, Goodson, G. Ruby Phoenix, Arizona; Ralph T.

SaltThe Church Moves On Goold, Hill, Salt B. Mecham, Lake City; Robert Lake City.

Utah; President T. States: William Keith Moab, Tew, Northwestern L. MacMISSIONARIES RELEASED

Springville, Jr., Jennie donald, Utah; Mrs. California; H. Tew, Angeles, Los PresidentDURING SEPTEMBER Springville, Utah; Preston Salt Nibley, City; Talmage Alice M. Thomson, Lake NorTThe monthly honor roll of those who Richfield, Utah. ton, Los Angeles, California; Mabel J.

Norton, California; Angeles, Los DeWilton A States: B. Alexander, Eastern RayGuy faithful of term a completed have

Parkinson, Franklin, C. Idaho; Verda Allen, S. Idaho Jr., Canada; mond, James fields in service of the mission various Stewart, Sandy, Utah; Sarah Thomas, Ann Falls, S. Idaho; Allen, Salt Nephi Lake following: includes theChurch Wales, Utah. City; E. Bagley, Koosharem, Utah; Ben Argentine: Williams, C. Orlando Centerville, Alfred Randall, K. Samoan: F. Brimhall, Thatcher, Mrs. Arizona; Jr., Lee

Arizona. Holbrook, Utah; President Gilbert CenterTingey, R. Crane, Idaho; Oakley, Helen M. Raymond Salt Australian: Decker, R. Lake Jack ville, Gilbert Utah; Mrs. CenterTingey, R. B. Merritt Idaho; Crane, Oakley, Egan, H.

City. ville, Utah. Cross, President Utah; Frank Woods

Brazilian: Wayne M. Beck, Payson, Evans, Coalville, Utah; Mrs. Frank Evans, Southern States: Wayne E. Carroll,

Utah; Max W. Hymas, Ovid, Idaho; Parley Coalville, Utah; Robert G. Hodson, Provo, Blanding, Utah; Afton Clark, Bancroft,

E. Palmer, Barnwell, Canada. Utah; Gordon C. Kimball, Tucson, Arizona; Idaho; President Merrill D. Clayson, Salt

California: Ferris R. Duke, Heber City, F. Briton McConkie, Salt Lake City; ThomLake City; Mrs. Merrill D. Clayson, Salt

Utah; Margaret M. Egbert, Logan, Utah; as O. Parker, Salt Lake City; John H. Redd, Lake City; Garen Virgil Howell, Fish

Mrs. Ida C. Gallarda, Chowchilla, CaliforPrice, Utah; Fred A. Schwendiman, Salt Haven, Idaho; Elmer Coleman Madsen,

nia; Arlene M. Gant, Santa Marie, CaliLake City; Richard P. Smoot, Salt Lake Provo, Utah; Erma H. Rosenhan, Salt Lake

fornia; Clyde W. Gardiner, Vernal, Utah; City. City.

Grant E. Gardner, Detroit, Michigan; French Mission: Gaston Chappuis, Salt SpanishAmerican: Thomas M. Rees,

Harold L. Glover, Midvale, Utah; Levi Lake City. Salt Lake City.

Hunt, Lehi, Utah; Ina M. Jensen, Preston, Hawaiian: Mrs. Cora May S. AnderTexas: Donald L. Bailey, Nephi, Utah;

Nevada; Wendell S. Noble, Phoenix, son, Mesa, Arizona; James C. Anderson, Henry H. Bawden, Salt Lake City; J. Cari

Arizona; Geneel Oldroyd, Venice, Utah; Mesa, Arizona; Gordon Haycock, Salt Lake Blake, Solomonville, Arizona; Vera M.

Ina E. Oldroyd, Venice, Utah; Lily O. City; George S. Horsley, Salt Lake City; Christensen, Shelley, Idaho; Annie Dabb,

Peterson, Preston, Idaho; Janette WoodGarth D. Westenskow, Imbler, Oregon. Ogden, Utah; Julia G. Drury, Salt Lake

field, Ogden, Utah. Japanese: Robert L. Cummings, Salt City; Evan L. Hendricks, Richmond, Utah;

Canadian: Beulah L. Andrus, Ucon, Lake City; Floyd G. Higgins, Price, Utah; Margaret J. Little, St. George, Utah; John

Idaho; Fred A. Bingham, Honeyville, Utah; Leon M. Hill, Ucon, Idaho; President Hilton A. Stevens, Byron, Wyoming; Thomas F.

Dora Call, Bountiful, Utah; Charles V. A. Robertson, Springville, Utah; Mrs. Swallow, Salt Lake City.

Clark, Oakley, Idaho; R. Gerber Gardner, Hazel M. Robertson, Springville, Utah. Tongan: Ralph Hugh Lee, Salt Lake

City; Salt Harris Fork, B. L. Vincent, Harston, Miles City. Utah;American Lake England: Anderson, R. Don New F. States: Larsen,Cowley, Jones, Harold TabiWestern Wyoming; Nathan Springville, Salt Utah; Cannon, George N.

Litster, ona, Utah; Enterprise, Utah;Provo, Dale, Castle Robert F. Terry, D. Jr., Amos Kimball, Salt City; Harold C. Lake Lake StanleyUtah; Idaho; McCulloch, Utah. Rexburg, City. City; Salt D. Parkinson, Joseph Lake Beazer, Olsen,Vila Heber M. Canada; J. 27, 1940 September FullerZealand: Eugene Newman, New City;Smith, Salt Smith, Salt Louise Lake

Lake City; Ira M. Stevens, Cowley, Wyoton, California; Thomas P. Wheelwright, Mrs. Eunice Clarina Turner, who

ming; Opal I. Walker, Lyman, Wyoming. Ogden, Utah. was born in Nauvoo, Illinois, SeptemCentral States: Leonard J. Bingham, North Central States: President David ber 27, 1847, observed her ninetythird

Salt Lake City; Morris L. Mickelson, A. Broadbent, Heber City, Utah; Mrs. birthday anniversary. An early resiPhoenix, Arizona; Dorothy M. Mowrey, David A. Broadbent, Heber City, Utah; dent of Fillmore, she remembers such

Phyllis Salt Burton, City; MissSalt City; Peterson, Arva Lake Levan, Lake Amy incidents as the cricket

Corbett, P. C. David, historymaking Reno, Nevada;Utah; Martha Wilcken, Jack C. Utah. Hanna, Indian wars. plague and the Salt City; E. B. Central Johansen, States: Ogden, Ralph Lake East William Anderson, Woodruff, Utah; Hiram W. Bigelow, Utah; George E. Parry, Salt Lake City. October 14, 1940

Douglas, Arizona; Ernest H. Burk, Nutrioso, Northern States: Leon A. Cahoon, A $55,000 remodeling project of

Arizona; Marjorie Coombs, Salt Lake City; Leavitt, Canada; John H. Bjarnason, Salt Farmington's 78year-old meetinghouse

Donald W. Davis, Carey, Idaho; Crosby Lake City; Dean E. Call, Pocatello, Idaho; was completed. The old chapel, scene

of the founding of the Primary organization by Aurelia Spencer Rogers in 1878, was built with hand labor supplied by the people of the ward.

October 20, 1940 Bishop Myron B. Richardson of the

Third Ward, North Weber Stake, died.

October 22, 1940 The $50,000 Syracuse Ward chapel was burned beyond salvage.

November 1, 1940 Mrs. Fannie Marilla Garner Tracy,

96, early pioneer arrival, died. Her faMISSIONARIES FIELD LEAVING MISSIONARY FOR THE SALT LAKE FROM THE HOME ther had been a member of the Mor-

7, ARRIVED 28, OCTOBER 1940 NOVEMBER 1940—DEPARTED

Reading from left to fight, first row: John R. Balis, Roy R. Thayne, Myrl Long, Lamar Mary Gardner, mon Battalion.

Fonnesbeck, Merkley, Flake, Betty Jean Clair Ballard, Oliphant, Ida R. Hull. Fern Leah F. Kenneth

Gifford, row: Second Hair, Gerald Taylor, Egan, November 7, 1940 Vee Boyd Farr, Larene Zoe M. Buckley, Helen Norma

Florence Cummings, Allwin Pierce, Myron E. Anderson, William Berrett, instructor. Elder E. J. Norton, 63, University of

Third row: Smith, G. Reese Bastian, H. Westover, Floyd Maynard Jay M. Copen, Rhoda Maynes, Helen Utah registrar and a pioneer in Utah Bangerter, Darrel Jenkins. Packer, Gleason, Nelson, Albert Jay Arnold R. and

Fourth row: Kenneth R. Jenkins, Frank R. Jex, Forrest H. Kleinman, LaVere Johns, Closs L. Stewart, education work, died. He was an acLusk, Kimball D. A. Atkinson, Dee Whiting, DeLos Harold Vaughn C. Richmond, L Hafen.

J. Howell, Fifth row: E. Virgil Stewart, Robert Maitland Edwin Seaman, Warren Porter, Mitchell W. tive member of the Thirtythird Ward,

Hunt, Jr., Leland McDemott, Clarence G. Peterson, Dennis Dial, Harold S. Davis. Bonneville Stake. Elder Norton had

Sixth Galhraith, Gubler, row: Chester G. Darwin Jay Wakefield, A. Grant Briggs, Earl J. Scott, been a charter faculty member of the Bill Hall, Paul Quinn, R. DeLeeuw, Nelson, R. Curtis. Theron M. John Wayne

Seventh row: Garth Lee, Melvin Glenn, Arthur Zollinger, Paul Christofferson, Joseph M. Smith, Academy of Idaho in Pocatello, had

Pickett, Hicks, Rich, Austin. Joseph R. John Perry Gordon V. Owen

row: Eighth Keith Stoddard Ray Judd, M. Peterson, L. Christensen, Calvin K. Jacob, Allen T. taught at the Brigham Young College

Standing, Charles McKay Allred, Ray C. Capson, Thomas A. Stephenson. in Logan, and had served as assistant

J. Ninth Barrett row: John Haws, Olson, Max G. Don Abbott, Kent Donaldson, Ray S. Thurman, to five consecutive superintendents of

J. Morrill Ipson, Ashworth, F. J. Paxman, Thorpe. Vaughn Don Don

Tenth row: R. Max Snedaker, Glenden Harline, Donald P. Murri, Gordon L. Wright, William J. Naylor, schools in Salt Lake City before beMillard H. James Michaelson, Richard and Heber Moulton, Grant Wooton, D. Bendixsen.

Peterson, Eleventh J. B. David Reed Stevens, Duckworth, row: Raymond A. Clayton Robbins, Grant coming registrar at the University in

Fisher, Sheldon Johnson, Gilbert J. McLean, Lorymore Free, Dewey C. MacKay, Jr. 1922.

fcdiiohiaL Pasteurs, the Peters, and the Pauls have all been "SfjOAt jOUMA!'champions of "lost causes"in their own day—but

they have been so right in spite of the unwilling-

O God, where art thou? And where is the pavilion that ness of their own generations to believe them, and

covereth thy hiding place? How long shall thy hand be their "lost causes"have triumphed to the blessing

stayed...? (Doctrine and Covenants, 121:1, 2.) of unborn generations, and to their own everlasting

'"Phese words, preface to a cry of despair, came honor and reward.

from the breaking heart of Joseph Smith the And now, with the approach of another ChristProphet, when he no longer could keep silence mas, we look out upon our own day, to see the after months of wasting, falsely imprisoned, in trampling underfoot of every right and principle

Liberty jail. that decent and enlightened men cherish and know

It seemed that a cause was lost. Maligned, to be true and fundamental. It may, however, give

it hated, persecuted, and driven, he and all who us comfort—and it is more to be hoped that openly expressed conviction in the divinity of his will give us courage and determination—to know

mission were living through days that seemed bethat right causes have seemed futile before. The

dim. physlight of has freedom often grown The five that culminated yond human endurance—days ically strong the weak. repeatedly over walked have later in of years the Prophet, the mob assassination

and caused the Church and its people to move beDemocracy has seen many precarious days and yond what were then the borders of the United has been brought low before now. Ambitious men

States. have bullied and deluded people many times over.

In all those years of bitterness and struggle for The counsel of inspired leaders has been dissurvival, many forsook their convictions and their counted and rejected again and again by nations in generations. Liberty has bygone and peoples principles. to a lost them it was To cause—lost for its forms Slavery in all a price. been sold it, often their lives for to those gave them. But who

and to those who came through in full faith, it was and degrees is not new. "Evil and designing men"

no lost cause but a victorious engagement in the have heretofore been the subject of special divine eternal struggle between truth and error. notice. Human passions have burst their bounds

Going back more than nineteen centuries, we ere now. But despite all this, there is no such thing find this same cause having again the appearance as a lost cause—if it is a right cause. Reduced to of being lost. There was Gethsemane, and there simplest terms, there is only one right cause—-truth; was Calvary. There was Pilate who knew better and only one wrong cause—error. And as to the

than he did, and Judas who sold his Friend and his final outcome of the contest between them, it is soul, and Peter who thrice denied his Lord. There written: "What I the Lord have spoken, I have

followed gross darkness, covering the earth. Hunted spoken, and I excuse not myself. And though the

and killed were those who gave allegiance to that heavens and the earth pass away, my word shall but shall not pass all be fulfilled."{Docaway, then, of their for purposes own, "lost cause"—and

trine 1:38. Covenants and distorted, exespoused, workers of darkness and

ploited the "cause,"and plundered and killed and The future keeps its own confidence, but it has performed all manner of evil in its name. But it always worked itself out, and, we have promise,

was no lost cause. It found full restoration "never will do so again. And so we may move on, certain

again to be taken from the earth."that the hand of God overrules all things for good

This victory of "lost causes"has been repeated in its own time and in its own way. Tragedy enters

times without number. Truth has been on trial in the the scene not when a right cause seems to be lost,

clouded minds of men in all ages. The struggle but only when intelligent men and women forsake

with error, the struggle with oppression, the strug- a cause they know to be right, no matter how lost it seems. R. L. E. gle with evil and sin—and, perhaps most of all,

the struggle with ignorance, which is at the root of all these other things—has seen no armistice, no

cessation of hostilities, no treaty of peace. SomeChJthimoiL, 1%0

times the ageold war has been confined to intellectual contest; sometimes it has assumed the Tn the world today, the greatest tragedy seems to

shape of physical conflict, and sometimes, as now, be that the individual is lost in the mass. Man

it has broken out into a fury of bestiality surpassing begins to feel that in and of himself he is unim all preconceived ideas of horror and inhumanity. portant. He begins to lose that rugged individualMen have always persecuted and disbelieved and ism that has made for the progress and civilization

is taking place in socalled Christian nations repudiatedtime—whosethosevisionwhohashavebeenseenenlargedahead ofandtheirwhoseown ofthatman en masse. As we look at the regimentation

understanding has been quickened by "that Spirit for the avowed purpose of ruthless destruction, which giveth light to every man that cometh into how bitter can be our thoughts on this Christian day the world,"—in all fields of thought and knowlof days, Christmas.

edge, pertaining both to things here and things Rather than let this bitterness creep into our hereafter. Stephen the Martyr gave us the essence, hearts we must fortify ourselves with the true

when he said to his accusers: "As your fathers teaching of the Christ, and in that renewal we shall

did, so do ye. Which of the prophets have not find a reaffirmation of our courage. Jesus taught

your fathers persecuted?"This accusing question the indomitable courage to stand for truth and right,

could be asked of any generation. The Isaiahs, the even in the face of almost overpowering disagreeGalileos, the Noahs, and the Columbuses, the (Concluded on page 761

future of mankind, "generation upon generation,"Evidences and down to the coming of Christ, and beyond to the last days. No time or place limits are set. We may

only recognize the periods by the events as they occur. (Moses 7:2067.) Likewise, the Prophetreconciliations Joseph Smith was given visions of the Last Days

and the events that will characterize them, but fixed time places or given. seldom (D. C. were &xxxii. Jo (Mat xbwt Vyieu 5:19; 29:14, 18, 16, 19, 20; 34:9; 43:22, 33; 26,

PAvph&of sl QnisUipLhsrfjixLl 91,97;45:31, 4042;112:25.)49:25; 63:34; 84:118; 88:87, 89, 90,

The full recognition of the fulfilment of such

Prophecy, in the sense of the above question, is prophecies comes as time proceeds and the prethe foretelling, through divine inspiration, of dicted events appear, unless the interpretation is coming events. Such prophecies have charactergiven earlier by divine revelation. Sometimes

ized the work of the Lord in all ages. They have foretold events actually occur without being recbeen means of comforting, guiding, and warning ognized by mankind. As an illustration, when

the children of men. The Church holds fast to Moroni first appeared to the Prophet Joseph

faith in the spirit of prophecy as a gift of the Lord. Smith, he "quoted part of the third chapter of

There appear to be several types of prophecies: Malachi; and he quoted also the fourth or last

First, there are prophecies which in reality are chapter of the same prophecy,"and announced statements of cause and effect. If certain things that the events there set forth were about to be

are done, certain results will flow therefrom. For consummated.

not, shall that repentsexample, be him from "He is curiosity intrigued whatever seems Human by light the taken received"even he has which mysterious. effort Therefore, exhas been much or three C. gathered 1:33); are two "Where (D. & to to such general reduce prophecies pended exact

in thing, astogether touching bename, one my dates, times, persons. This a has been and waste

I will inhold, there of the midst (D. C. be them"& time of energy, uttered as prophecy under and

is filled prophecies.6:32). with such Holy Writ

all divine inspiration usually contains that the is interpretation. fulfilment Their need noThey

It will divine reveal. to desires to behooves thosepart of the general of experience the Church.

is the to for prophecy prepare coming made whom

Second, there are occasions when the prophet, events, to watch for them, and to recognize them looking into the future, is able to localize coming when they do appear. If more is needed, the

events definitely as to time, place, or person. Such power that gave the prophecy will no doubt furparticular prophecies are fairly plentiful in sacred nish the interpretation.

history. The most famous, in modern days, concerns the American Civil War. "Verily, thus saith For example, modern revelation declares that

the Lord concerning the wars that will shortly these are the last days. This period of the earth's

come to pass, beginning at the rebellion of South history may be recognized by several signs: The

Carolina... For behold, the Southern States shall fulness of the Gospel will be restored and preached

be divided against the Northern States, and the to all the world (D. & C. 39:1 1; 1:23); work will

Southern States will call on other nations, even be done for the spirits of the dead (D. C. 76:73);

the nation of Great Britain... to defend themmighty, natural events will take place, from the

selves."(D. & C. 87:1-3) Here the coming event darkened sun to tremendous earthquakes, and the

is linked definitely with place and country. This whole earth will be in commotion and many will

kind of prophecy has no need of interpretation; we be destroyed because of wars, pestilence, and fear

wait only for its fulfilment, which is the evidence (D. & C. Sections 29, 45, 49, 84, 87, 88). These

of its divine source. (See also, I Kings 13:2; 13:21, are also signs of the coming of the Lord Jesus

22, 2430; 14:5-17; 16:34; 20:1330; 20:35, 36. II Christ (D. & C. 45:39). All who fear the Lord

Kings 2:3-11; 6:28, 29; 7:2, 19, 20; 9:10, 3337; will anxiously look for these signs as they appear

13:1625; 14:2528; 19:6, 7, 2037; 20:17, 18; and (D. & C. 45:39). Yet, despite these signs, none

many others.) shall know the exact time of His coming:

Third, a prophet, looking down the stream of time, sees with spiritual eyes the panorama of fuAnd they have done unto the Son of Man even as they ture history. Such prophecies are general, in that listed; and he has taken his power on the right hand of his

they do not specify times, localize places, though glory, and now reigneth in the heavens, and will reign till they occasionally name individuals. This is the he descends on the earth to put all enemies under his feet,

most common entrance of prophecy into the future. which time is nigh at hand—-I, the Lord God, have spoken

It began with Adam who "stood up in the midst it; but the hour and the day no man knoweth, neither the

of the congregation; and, notwithstanding he was angels in heaven, nor shall they know until he comes.

bowed down with age, being full of the Holy (D. & C. 49:6,7.)

Ghost, predicted whatsoever should befall his posterity unto the latest generation"(D. & C. The Prophet Joseph Smith at one time prayed

107:56). The prophecy of Enoch, the Patriarch, very earnestly to know the time of the coming

is an excellent illustration of this type of prophecy. of Christ. He was told that if he lived until he

In answer to his request Enoch was shown the was eightyfive years old he (Continued on page 765)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

CHRISTMAS BOOKS FOR CHILDREN thosegirl's story,who readone it.to beM.longC. J.remembered by

PLAIN THE STAKED (Concluded from page 731) ON GINGER BLUE

Illustrated. P. Kelly. (Eric Macmillan ANTONIA'S ALL DAYS WERE THE (Charles Illustrated. Wilson. Marrow York, 1940. Company, New Florence and (Gretchen McKnown Printers, Caldwell, Idaho, Caxton 1940. pages. S. 250 $2.00.)

Illustrated Zhenya Gay, by Gleeson, 208 pages. $2.50.)

Press, Viking is in juvenile wellknown P. Kelly New York, 1939. Eric

$2.00.) 268 pages. fields, his previous books, one of The Tnto the little city of Ginger Blue, who

think * adventure would could come? But the having Trumpeter Krakow, of won Prime Antonia young Cheyenne, From it did, Circe, and and people Don two young in prize 1929. locale Newbery award The father's to her new coach stage rode by in the town, hero became in heroine and a is his latest for in the story Texas PanHills the Black in among Deadwood, home that story includes a vilstrange cobbler, handle. will begins a mystery with The best of the one Even Dakotas. the of lainous Black courageous Jim, Bruce, a Bennett, Horatio ends with made and by against proof not in region the drivers was collie, Pitts. and Granny people Young the the solution of mystery Flo Harbison by the miring wagon that descended, storm the find will in pleasure reading the exmuch the with aid of Salazar and Tony it tip over, breaking to finally causing and citing story. C. M. J. this Bennett. Exciting reading Morton that axles. But and underwheels the

will offer for the vacation. C. /. book M. there for trouble, were all the nearly wasn't

some desperadoes who were going either SKYCRUISER to rob Mr. Prime's bank or steal his daughSECRET WATER (Howard M. Brier, Illustrated, Random

ter. There are many exciting bits about (Arthur Ransome. Illustrated. MacHouse, New York, 1939. 238 pages.

the Indians and the life on the prairies millan Company, New York, 1940. $2.00.)

during the 70's and the 80's that all girls 363 pages. $2.00.)

the increase constant in airmindedto eager C, J, will be read. M. With authorillustrator rattling has told a it is ness, small this that wonder The

story people good love for young who story for should written boys about be SILVER LLAMA THE the sea pirates adventure and exand and life. Malkus. illustrated the flier's all by Alida is sweetness and (Written Not and

The John C. Winston Company, Chicago, ploration. Commander Walker of the ease in the life of an aviator; but there is

1939. 108 pages. $2.00.) British navy cannot take his children with a great deal of satisfaction in knowing

vacation, proposed a leaves him he so on is his that helping humanity. work will bring is and silver lucky llama to their them vacationing do in a own this Into the story intense authorThe weaves inits owners. to fortune Yama good of to islands of are group they which make loyalty, thrilling high adventure, and myshis to and Cusi luck good brought deed the in there. a are they week marooned map tery. is of the entire theme book The children Pacha. Young Uncle and family will delightful experiences Their while the to the on need the emphasize and work

/. C. this find will delightful.—M. book the for of other winter hours some away in his of fellow right a worth to proving

THE LITTLEST HOUSE children. M. C. J. live.—M. C. J.

Coatsworth. {Elizabeth

Company, Macmillan NewIllustrated.York, 1940. LITTLE WHIRLWIND HICKORY SAM

(Margaret Hubbard. Ann $1.50.) 151 pages. (Clara Oncken. Macmillan Company, New Illustrated.York.

lively and Company, NewIllustrated.York, 1939.Henry Holt pages. children need to keep busy 292 $2.00.)THREE

and if they are not kept busy, they 276 pages. $2.00.)

1823, Charity themselves twelve Mackenzie to became busy something will find IN years is laid one hundred ago in situated story, this old; Hingham, also years In she had about. memorable some

Illinois county of THEin storythe Sangamon their happiness find three the experiences that to Massachusetts, which year one made and their busyness in the littlest house, which be remembered all of her life. It was that where boys had to grow up the hard way,

had housed a whole family, and was now year that she with her family started south through their own efforts. Sam Graham

turned over to the active three for their from the Canadian border, were stopped by earned the name Hickory because of his his qualities of as well as because the sturdy guests of heavy snows, and becamesummer use.—M. C. /. the

split rails them. ability to the best of with friendly It Indians. these Chippewa was

PRAIRIE NEIGHBORS Indians who named Chatty, "Little WhirlThis book will make boys—and men—think

(Edith M. Patch and Carroll Lane wind."more about their own opportunities and

Fenton. Macmillan Company, New Her experiences make an interesting responsibilities.—M. C. /.

York, 1940. 156 pages. $1.75.)

As Neighbors,a companionDesertvolumeNeighbors,to MountainForest <><SK><3><><3<><3K><3K><3><>SK><SK><3<><SK><3K>iS>

Neighbors, this is a necessary addition to the child's library of useful books. The $

French named the great level, treeless landin their own tongue "prairie."On this level CHRISTMAS BOOKS

land abound all kinds of life: bob o'link to sing his merry songs, the cottontail make the most acceptable Gifts. Here are a

in the tracks to leave his whiterabbit snow few choice books which we highly recommend I the through meadow summer weaveand to brush, the caterpillars to change into glorious butterflies, and many other animals as HELLO LIFE—a new revised edition

well as flowers and trees which make the Contains a choice selection of the writings of Elsie Talmage Brandley, arprairie vital.—M. C. J. ranged and edited by Helen Spencer Williams. Beautifully printed in a Gift

Edition, on the finest book paper and bound in a rich blue cloth cover with

SON OF THE DANUBE gold embossed title. Price $1.50

(Boris G. Petroff. Illustrated. The

Viking Press, New York, 1940. FOR THIS MY GLORY UNTO THE HILLS

277 pages. $2.00.) ([) Paul Bailey $2.50 Richard L, Evans... $1.50

Young Mitko found that all kinds of CUMORAH'S GOLD BIBLE A VOICE FROM THE DUST of well as adventure, as means living E. Cecil McGavin $2.25 Genet Bingham Dee $2.50 rivers. the of alongare to banks be found

His experiences along the Danube are exDo Your Christmas Shopping at this friendly Book and Gift to satisfy theciting most advenenough are Into the of boys.turous book woven Headquarters. You may not need to go elsewhere

the quaint customs and habits of the country folk who live along the banks of this is will river. thatgreat This one book DESERET BOOK COMPANY the at horizons of its readerswiden the same Salt Lake City, Utah South Temple

it gives unusually en- A\ 44 Easttime that them an grossing story.—M. C. J. &<x3x>SK>-<Sk><Sk>K><SKxS><C><SK><S><C><S

CUMORAH'S "GOLD BIBLE"THE NEPHITES IN STORY credited scholars, pertaining to ancient civilization. American

(E. Cecil Deseret McGavin. Farnsworth, compiler, was News paper.(Joel Ricks.$1.001940.cloth.)158 pages. $0.65 The Dewey

Press, 1940. $2.25.) 286 pages. lives in in born El Paso, Texas. and Mexico

OF OF BOOK GEOGRAPHY in together bringing THE time spent has much He of and the story of Mormon Book LANDS this in materials theThe Buried found work, MORMON

Jesus of the of Church organization the pages. $0.35.) 1940. Ricks. 70 (Joel missionaries and America, South Empires of

is told here Saints by Latterday ofChrist interested peoples in those others and who printed is of the evident flow mafrom device. literarythe engaging of an use IT find will the formerly Americas occupied of terial the concerning Mormon, Book States Mission of the Eastern presidentThe this interest in stimulation and commuch interest is in withincreasing the that Book with is six meetings holding as represented

L, E, pilation.-—J?. the Church. in These without two and inhis missionaries: where the Sacred Grove

Joseph Smith had his first vision; on Hill small books are written by a veteran stuCumorah where the Prophet obtained the dent of the Book of Mormon, who for a THEIR GALA DAYS

plates from which the Book of Mormon was lifetime has dedicated much of his time (Lavon H. Cluff. 1940. Sutton House,

translated; at the Whitmer home, where to making the Book more understandable New York and San Francisco. $2.50.)

the to readers. therefore valuable more and the at Smith organized;the was Church little life's story has of handicaps This of has geography always Book Mormon the at Smith;cottage, the of Joseph home written "in the of those defense been last subject. intriguing word been an The the witHarris, of of Martin onehome the people, misunderstood much Mormons, field this will in be not spoken probably the in of the ofnesses and Mormon; Book relates the of story youth's courageous a and Nevertheless, revelation. through except first edition of the in Palmyra, whereroom struggles his against odds, overwhelming events of to localize attempts Book Mormon printed.the of was Book Mormon ultimate triumph, the of vindication and preinterest. Brother Ricks of are always events the connected meeting In each his faith love."cannot purpose This and his studies for geographical himself pared discussed are place meeting thewith by all but Saints. praised Latterday be by visits Central to America. South and by president, Elders missionarythe mission is It story, simple the a but motive makes his of think concluone Whatever may result, vast a missionaries. a ladyand As it interesting especially to S. those of L. D. his for sions, case out he a good makes concerninformation valuable ofamount faith.

views. earlying of Church the and Book Mormon

is in Nephites Story book The The is in readable, enpresentedhistory very STORIES, BEST a THE SHORT to brief, introduction and review popular linform. History,tertaining archaeology, 1940 story the the of of of Mormon. Book freeTheguistics, are theology upon drawn and Mifflin Boston, (Houghton Company, It is is told language. in simple good Book claims the defending in explainingly and 1940. $2.75.) 525 pages. in particular reading. people would Young the of the Churchof and Book Mormon

has an added J. O'Brien made

to the wealthitself.A notable feature of each chapter is the bethe interestedNephites, inwhothis playsimple,a majorclear storypart ofin Edwardcontribution of American

large number of important quotations from the Book of Mormon drama.—/. A. W. fiction by his careful selection of the best

bearsources other and incontemporaneous field. the current short story volThis BURIED EMPIRES OF SOUTH example, subject ining the hand. For upon stories includes Boyle, ume Frances by Kay AMERICA inin the held the Sacred Grove meeting Eisenberg, Faulkner, F. William Scott Farnsworth. (Compiled by Dewey fine succesexceptionallythere appears an Fitzgerald, Ernest Hemingway, Manuel Deseret Co. $1.00.) Book to persons notable statements fromsion of Komroff, Louis as well Zara, as many

is collection of recent a colorful the restoration effect of Gospelthe that a others. includes the usual feabook The This

through revelation was necessary. photographs giving dramatic evidence tures: addresses of magazines publishing

Patient research and compiling have gone of great peoples once living in South Amershort stories; index of short stories in books

into the preparation of this volume. Since ica. Cities, temples, highways, walls, and by American, Canadian, British, and Irish

much of the material is not of easy access, fortifications that show highly advanced authors; distinctive short stories in American

the volume becomes of more value to readcultures and dense populations are gradually magazines. The author states in his introer and student. yielding their secrets to archeologists—as duction that because of the delays in transCumorah's "Gold Bible"should find many those who have sincerely read the Book oceanic mails it has been impossible to comreaders among Church members and stranof Mormon have always known they would. plete all the biographical material.

gers, and probably more especially among This new work, now being published by This collection made yearly by Mr.

all who in home or foreign mission fields the compiler of Grandeur of Ancient O'Brien is invaluable to those who would have need of information to explain and America, contains 110 large photographs, become familiar with the contemporary over 100 quotations from highly acshort story. M. C. /.defend their faith.—/. A. W. and

The Church Moves On (Concluded from page 733) To California Mission: Lloyd J. Allen, Samoan Mission

Biesinger, Salt Salt Lake; R. Lake; George Bills, Released: Mrs. Wilford Lester W. Utah;Gerber, Wellington, Heber Bountiful, Burningham, Utah; Haven all Emery, Richard of Salt M. Home, W. Record,J. Gilbert,SaltBancroft, Idaho; Arthur J. Curtis, Delbert Payson, Utah; Charles Lake. R.W.

Lake; Robert S. Thorup, Salt Lake; Ray O. H. Felt, Salt Lake; Wilford W. Goodwill, To the Hawaiian Mission: Dean Bischoff

Pleasant Utah; Grove,Walker, Harold W. Salt Lake; Burley, Idaho; David A. Harris, Idaho; Geneva, Bischoff, SmithMarion W. E. Youngberg, Glen Salt Lake;Goddard, Fort Collins, S. Henderson, Garn Colo- F. field, Utah; William Bundy, Mt. TrumSalt Lake. rado; Rex E. Hymas, Ovid, Idaho; bull, Arizona; George Gundry, Salt Lake;

To Texas Mission: Paul E. and Samuel Arthur J. Keddington, Salt Lake; Ted R. Norman Harding, Taber, Alberta, Canada;

B. Francis, Santa Ana, California; Glenn Kindred, Springville, Utah; Lawrence W. Neil S. Stewart, Meadow, Utah.

Lovell, Charles Lynn, Wyoming; L. McLind- Provo, Derrell A.E. Knudsen, Utah; Tongan Mission Bride, P. Phillips, Victor, Idaho; Williamsay, Mer- G. Oregon; Samuel La Grande,

rill, Hollywood, California. Idaho Falls, Idaho. Released: John M. Shepherd, Logan,

To the Hawaiian Mission: John M. BoUtah; Verl W. Teeples, Shelley, Idaho.

New Zealand Mission dell, Cleve R. Jones, Homer W. Kirkham, To the California Mission: Gerald M.

Released: Glen M. Acomb, Franklin W. Warren S. Ottley, all of Salt Lake. Daniels, Victor, Idaho.

Aldous, Walter D. Brown, Charles T. To the Japanese Mission in Hawaii: John To the Hawaiian Mission: LeRoy A.

Fawson, J. Vincent Haslam, and Glen B. Grant, Los Angeles, California. Hill, Payson, Utah; John D. Laudie, Provo,

Rudd, all of Salt Lake; Gleyre C. FrederickTo the Northwestern States: Clyde R. Utah; Daniel Leatham, Mesa, Arizona;

son, Twin Falls, Idaho; William Grange, Jones, Salt Lake; Wilmer E. Maw, Plain William B. Selman, Raymond, Canada;

Manti, Utah; William M. Halls, Mancos, City, Utah; George M. Ramsey, Salt Lake; Franklin A. Spencer, Salt Lake; Eugene

Colorado; Philip Peterson, Richfield, Utah; Lawrence D. Saunders, Ogden, Utah; Mark Stowell, Rigby, Idaho; Earl H. Tew, ShelHarrington T. Wride, Bountiful, Utah. J. Udy, Jr., Fielding, Utah. ley, Idaho.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

Taste the SOMETHING OLDSOMETHING NEW n By Emily H. Bennett

An old problem—a brightly new soput a song in your heart on scrubbing ** lution! We might go on—"someday and draw you irresistibly from

thing borrowed, something blue."Borthe Tuesday ironing "just to have a

—atrowedthefromtime England'sof Napoleon.PrinceBlue?RegentYes, look."You remember that you got up esvery blue—two tones and twelve pecially early on that particular mornshades. Also rose, purple, gold, green, ing, literally shoved the children off to

and brown. And it is all as bridelike school, rushed through the work with

as the quotation itself, yet in no way an apologetic pat on the notas-straightlimited to brides—except to make every asusual bedspread, made a grudging

woman feel like one! decision in favor of washing the dishes

This is no conundrum. It is simply instead of leaving them to clutter the

the story of the new decorating scheme dinner hour, and set forth as gayly as which solves the many problems of the a sixteenyear-old looking for her first amateur so easily that it seems a sevformal. Anybody could find lovely yelenty years'wonder that no one has low material, and any store would have

worked it out before. Professional decloads of things to select from!

orators vote it a color "paradise."You had, very foresightedly, you

Is there any need to enumerate the thought, found a piece of yarn that amateur's problems? You and I know matched the rug and snipped the inside

them with their accompaniment of achedge of the chair covering you were ing feet, tired eyes, anxious glances at not going to change, where it didn't the family budget, and, sometimes, show. You were fortified with samples

sickening sense of failure in spite of of the things that mattered and anyall of our efforts. For those who have thing would go with those neutral oatforgotten, let us just remind you of meal walls. This was going to be a

Choice Dicklow flour.. sweetening that day when you and John finally desnap!

and shortening.. expert baking.. cided that you could indulge in new You went to your favorite store,

fresh and frequent delivery to your living room draperies and that you practically flew to the drapery departgrocer.. no wonder they're so good! might possibly slip cover the couch ment and asked the obliging young

and chair. The living room was a northman in charge to show you something

in slip in east cool comfortingly covers. sumroom, draperies and You said Honey V >N,.Ci

just instead "draperies"a dark of "drapes"on but a shade cheerless mer

Flavored winter's afternoon. Perhaps something cause you like the sound much betterbeyellow—not too warm of course, beand this was a very special occasion. With cause, after all, July and August do You added—"perhaps something in

come around, but light; something to yellow'"—as if it were of no particularCHAPARRALChaparral is a rare flower that blooms in

midsummer, high on the mountains. The

bees love it... and produce a honey of

exquisite flavor that is used by Purity in the sweetening of their choice Honey Bee

Grahams.

BIG SPECIAL OFFER!..

384 PAGE MODERN WEBSTER DICTIONARY for only 10c plus coupon from box of

Honey Bee Grahams! Big desksize volume { 5|/2Jt8 inch). Defines thousands of

words... cover of

WEBSTER genuine Fabcote, moroccograined to 9,1 L-V"- look like leather. Offered solely to induce

you to try delicious Honey Bee Grahams!

t MM mm Ml Ml Mi Mi Ml mm Ml Mi Mi Ml Ml I

CO.,CO., BISCUITBISCUIT PURITYPURITYI I'

City,City, LakeLake UtahUtah J findfind 10c10c SaltSaltEnclosedEnclosed plusplus couponcoupon fromfrom boxbox ofof *

Jj HoneyHoney BeeBee Grahams.Grahams. PleasePlease sendsend ModernModern |

Webster Dictionary postpaid.

I Name 1 I Address,...,,,.... 1

I City State. I

L J

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

Homing takeand water,your lifeyouin hadyourabouthandsdecidedand actuto theat all.colorInof theyourend"underneath"you chose asamplevery

cut, ally the material have "slightly called when the what plain and John heart (though yourconsequence was clerk rose occasion (it rusty"to the nobly "all cloth casement which was it ),definitely as a and then, set uponsort of afterthought—"not too expenmust have been your adroit handling right"but didn't really set your heart

that of saleschapter to as win on aglow planned. had "how Sometimes yousive, note mentally made please"—and that the and suggested he send just men") thought even you might as you I expensive!"not too"and do mean

let materials to well your and you saved home of have your money—only, of regular parade they Out came—a all, try right in the fall course, After room. things them eventually. apart do chintzes,yellows: damask,

light difference really a and made yousail cloth, '"Phis thing sort gingham! for of dechas There gone on cretonnes,linen—even tell effect couldn't in the of large color

flat stripes, piles, prints, glossywere ades. mothers grandmothand Our areas small from so samples—and halfsurfaces. of about it ers struggled with they could when True—only forth. hadn't kindimagined such You yellow predominantly butthem were take time baking from bread and sewexisted! ness

littleall stripe least at pin of a had it ing think up to woolens good about it—a out the went home, samcame You tiny of pattern. the partor a all. was at last at He the has But someone had all ples, remisgivings and your were best! his see everdoing did But you eternal sense to something good do

so many shades, tints, and tones of about it—and this year's Regency Enyellow? This orange one was gay, but, semble has been developed.

after all, you didn't want to be screamThe Regency period was a rather ed at on a hectic day. This yellow had grand and extravagant era. It was a

a lot of green in it—lime, perhaps, or transitional time between the Georgian

jaundiced—remindedchartreuse. This oneyoulookeddefinitelya littleof wasand itsthe counterpartGreek Revival.in France—"Dun-"Directoire"

the early months when Bobby was "on can Phyfe"in America. Keats, Shelley,

his way."Your mind became a whirl. Jane Austen, Charles Lamb, Macaulay,

With colossal effort you pulled yourMrs. Siddons, Pitt, and Beau Brummel

self out of the chaos and, by stiff elimwere all part of the picture. The furnination, narrowed your choice for draiture as developed today retains the

peries (the slip covers would have to spirit of the times—the flavorful, gay

later, youcome stamp—but

it )to down And everyis simplifiedpiece is andbuiltmodernto the to two—asimplyplainweresatinynot equalrayalized! The rayon looked as if you had ized.

on which you had misgivings about on tried to add a little Hollywood to a same moderate scale. Because it is an

account of the luxurious texture in your backwood village. It turned the tawny "inbetween"period, it blends surprisvery simple room, and the riotous crewalls pink and made them step foringly well with both formal and simple

tonne which might possibly make ward several feet. The gorgeous cresettings and in its present "scaled down"

everything else in the room look drab tonne converted the brown rug into a form fits into eighteenth century, Vicand dull. After a most exhaustive driedup puddle of mud. Your one good torian, and colonial groups as snugly

"consumer's bulletin"investigation of picture sank into dejected oblivion. as the last corner of a puzzle. It even

price, shrinkage, color reaction to sun The rose chair had faded and wasn't ( Continued on page 742

of Here is the [jj [fj!cf

Quick Starting in Winter

Use fastflowing Vico Motor Oil (winter grade) which doesn't drag when cold.

Use instantfiring Pep 88 Winter Gasoline, specially refined for finest cold weather performance.

Keep your battery fully charged, (we'll test it for you without cost). Remember, too, a charged battery

won't freeze.

Drive in where you see the VicoPep 88 sign of service ICOOIL MOTOR

PEP88GASOLINE Stations Everywhere in Utah and Idaho

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

Homing {Continued from page 741

adds a note of personal distinction to a modern interior. It is one of the few ofhe [Perfect (.ift periods which has a genius for "fitting

in"-—an adaptability which enables the

charming ana complete "bride"who is celebrating her silver

twentyfive- her or making two without—in smart burgundy anniversary to refurbish with a piece

sentitreasures merely yearold seem case mental keepsakes.

The color idea is even more adaptable than that of design. The period

has produced lovely "colorama"and in the modern Regency Ensemble seven

Wi shadedbasic colorsfrom thehavedeepestbeentoneschosento palestand pastels. Engagingly alliterative "Pavilion Purple"glides from dusky grape

sr to the weatherman's pink lavender.

brilliant gold without one budging atom DAGGETT "Windsor Gold"slides from lemon to a SINCE & EAMSDELL1890 of harmony. "Regency Rose"makes

dawn to dusk flight with its soft glow.

"Wellington Green"moves with spring- "o ou like beauty from tender leaf tones to

Z. C. M. I. Retail Drug (Utah's Oldest) Phone 4-3G41 solid depths. "Brummel Brown"has its

tawny and its dusky moments, and both the blues ("Trafalgar Turquoise"and "Brighton Blue") have as many moods as a string ensemble. But the

truly amazing characteristic of all these START THE DAY RIGHT colors and their fortytwo gradations

MS AND YOU iseverythat,otherby meanscolor toof eachaddingof athelittlesevenof colors, basic disharmony any possible avoided. all "go together"They my sewe skimpy mjA fJJ!!S* is

accenting, blending, beautifying and fashion. in loyal family BPFAKFAW WHEN SStwaKNNY each other Mmwwmut pancakkJJAwim globe ai man, woman, or child could, conceivAny

-v AX 90 TASTY 7%m\JNCA/(e AND ASY ) Jii* W%m\FLOUR l$ V TOMAKC

n V, 04A5# 3- ably, satisfy every color idea and not go really wrong. With a minimum of

actual thought nearly everyone is able to achieve a truly lovely effect. The

v\ Regency Ensemble includes 1,662 sepGLOBE aratedraperies,articles.curtaining,It not onlyandharborswallpapers,rugs, Al but also mattresses, towels, bedspreads, PANCA KE pictures, lamps, china, glass,

trifles itself silver. to such It extends FLOUR MAO*"linen, and 1 'J candles, hangers, hat boxes, as clothes

waste baskets, vases, desk sets. The

fastidious housewife can match bathroom scales, hamper, powder box, and even soap. She can pad her linen

shelves and tie up her sheets. She can fOR CHRISTMAS even garb herself in a hostess coat and Send an ERA subscription. The ERA will send a her household helper in a trim uniform

for colors. gift card to each one in harmonizing She can't whom you subscribe.—all

on (See page 710) Coupon are and stripes go wrong. Many prints

in evidence but basic plainness is main742

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

Homing thing"most limitedstage, buyingit will becanfoundbe donethatwiththe bakingSift thepowder,flour soda,once, andmeasure,salt. addSift thetountil times. three gether shortening Cream results discrimination, and happy are nearly floor coveringstained. The fluffy. gradually sugar and and Add of the the help Regency the taste,—with broadlooms,all hardtwist the together flour to dark, thoroughly. group. lightcream Add

stores throughout Fifty the United at small (in mixture, a a time. Beat a amount ninons simpleglass curtaining

are using this household States ensemthe after addition until smooth. each Add ). is velveteen Basic of colorsvariety

it nearavailable to bling juice, the nuts. plan—making in Fold lemon fruits, and the in seven color ofavailable each

whites. in prepared tube Pour egg pan ly everyone. with "pointed are up"Colorsgroups.

lining. in with a a paper slow oven Bake

white. gold,black, and for to degrees increase then hours, 250 2J

this entoo, that It is commendable, for minutes. degrees 15 4 300 (Makes

sembling has been done on a producpounds.

tion scale which has noticeably trimmed costs so that the prices are suritoohs'Comer Christmas Tree Sandwiches prisingly low considering the quality of Cut slices of bread in Christmas tree cutter. shapes or with with a knife Spread articles.the GOODIES CHRISTMAS butter then cheese. and crabcream Flake deprovides Ensemble Regency The fine, salt sprinkle with and lemon meat Burnett Barbara Badger By to relax and enjoy opportunitylightful juice, and cheese, generously then with

oneself while decorating or redecoratGraham Cracker Ice Box Loaf; sprinkle with finely chopped parsley. Garing. Once past the "wanting everyYi pound marshmallows, quartered nish with olives or pimento.

34 CUP water Yi cup whipping cream Cookie Christmas Cards

Yi cup nuts, chopped Yz cup shortening

dates, chopped cup 2 eggs YiJJul Ottoman. (Vko 2 x/2 cups graham cracker crumbs 1 cup sugar in bowl and pour water marshmallows 2 Cut cups flour

blend. dates, and nuts and chopped Add teaspoon nutmeg Yi OdanLdu over them. Mix, add whipped cream, 3 teaspoons baking powder roll in well. into a crumbs, kneading Form vanilla 2 teaspoons

and wrap in wax paper or mold in a loaf Cream the shortening, add sugar, and Easier Wash Days pan. Let stand in ice box for 12 hours. beaten eggs. Add the vanilla and then the

Slice and serve with whipped cream. flour, baking powder, and nutmeg sifted

Whiter Clothes together. Add enough more flour to make

Caramels a dough stiff enough to roll. Roll on a

Sparkling Dishes 2 cups sugar floured board to l/k mcn thick. Cut in

2 cups white corn syrup animal, Santa Claus, or bell shapes and at few 375 degrees grains salt. bake on a greased cookie Soft, White Hands butter sheet. cool, decorate with colored When Yi cup

and Beautiful 2 cups evaporated milk frosting, candies, and chocolate. Put cook-

1 teaspoon vanilla ies in cellophane sacks and tie on ChristYz cup nuts mas tree.

Boil together the sugar, syrup, and salt. Pottery When the syrup is very thick, add the

butter. Add the milk gradually so that the An autographed copy of "Our Common

Herd"be Sanders, 4194 from had may Sue boiling. Stir stop does connot gets them all by mixture Blvd., Calif., Leimert for Los Angeles, 3100

until stantly a and a form drops cook few First Edition, postpaid. Leather $2.00. Bound using firm ball into water. cold dropped when

Add the vanilla and nuts and pour into greased pans without scraping the sides of the cooking pan. Cool thoroughly, and

cut into squares. PAR SOAP

Because Par contains "Pyro"it leaves no Christmas Dainties scum, no dish pan or wash tub ring, and 4 level tablespoons Knox gelatin it rinses freely! Because Par contains 4 cups sugar

cold water 1 cupglycerine, it leaves hands your soft and boiling cups water oftenlovely no matter and long how in gelatin the cold water for 10 you \YiSoak plunge them into dish pan or washer. minutes. Place sugar and boiling water on

And you get lovely California table potthe fire. When sugar is dissolved, add the

tery by using Par Soap! At grocers. soakedutes. Removegelatin andfromboiltheslowlyfire fifteenand dividemininto two equal parts. To one part add red

coloring and a few drops of cinnamon, orange, lemon, or any desired extract; to

the other part add green coloring and a few::.v.:.:.;.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.m

drops of peppermint extract. Pour into

to of threefourths the depth pans wet Spread Bluhill in let stand over night. inch and Turn out.

Cut in squares with wet knife, and roll in celery grooves sugar.

White Fruit Cake serve it with apple pie.

sifted 4 cups cake flour Ifs delicious!'- 1 teaspoon baking powder

Yt teaspoon soda Yi teaspoon salt In Retailers Ice Box

IN Yi pound lemon peel Yi pound candied pineapple candied cherries pound 2 Yi blanched almonds pound Yi SIZES Bluhill 1 cup shortening

IY2 cups sugar Regular"and "Giant"10 tablespoons lemon juice 7fafcta Cheese 10 egg whites CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

tered at the homes of at least six other

THE MONTHLY MEETING membersobjective ofof thethis quorum.quorum isTheto helppresentthe

other twentyfive members by the "perHpHE stake Melchizedek Priesthood committee should not fail to sonal contact method"in their desire conduct a monthly meeting, sometimes spoken of as a Union or to be free from this habit.

Leadership meeting, for the officers of the quorums of the MelThe experience of this quorum presichizedek Priesthood. There should be invited to this meeting the dency emphasizes a very important

quorum presidencies, secretaries, and members of the several standing factor in the campaign among the or other committees. holders of the Priesthood in the

The monthly quorum meeting, elsewhere explained, is quite Church.using eitherMosttobaccoof our orbrethrenliquor whoare deare

another meeting. sirous of being free from their use and

This monthly Melchizedek Priesthood officers'meeting is really influence. If all quorum presidencies

a report meeting of work that has been done and a preparation meetor other quorum members will visit ing for the coming month. It should begin, after the opening these brethren, encourage them and

exercises are over, with instructions from the stake Melchizedek let them know the quorum has a perPriesthood committee based upon their experiences with the quorums sonal interest in their becoming abduring the month. Instructions from the Melchizedek Priesthood stainers and will help them to do so,

committee of the Council of the Twelve should also be brought to many of these brethren will welcome the attention of the brethren at this meeting. Then the group should theactivehandquorumof fellowshipand Churchand againworkers.be

separate into departments. The quorum presidencies and secretaries ( See article in this issue by Dr. Kellogg

would retire and discuss, for a period of preferably an hour, the on "How to Stop Smoking,"page 721.)

problems pertaining to the supervision of the quorums for the comWe continue to urge that "personal ing month. Each committee group would likewise meet separately contact"be the primary method used in

to discuss and report upon its peculiar problems; that is, the Personal the campaign to make Zion free from

Welfare committeemen would discuss ways and means of bringing the use of these narcotics, and that about a closer understanding of the needs of quorum members; the every quorum will take an active inClass Instruction committee would review in detail the lessons to be terest in this project.

given for the coming month and agree upon methods of presentation, pertinent matters; other the Service committee Church would and ANTILIQUOR -TOBACCO providing for the together of service for the plan best means Church

members of the quorums; the Miscellaneous committee, likewise, would COLUMN

discuss the many problems which come under its care.

The stake Melchizedek Priesthood committee should be so orNATIONAL LIQUOR BILL ganized that when the separation into departments occurs one member MOUNTS of the stake Priesthood committee should be in charge of each department to preside at the meeting and to guide the discussion. HPhe press in October carried a story

national indicating a mounting If this faithfully meeting be held to it will from month month bill. is liquor This due either to new

division in every contribute an increase toward of acmuch quorum drinkers drinkers beoccasional or to tivity. the stake Melchizedek upon Priesthood committees We urge both. coming alcoholics—probably for this purpose; regularly to call the meetings to organize and at a During the fiscal year ending

time when sufficient time may be given to quorum problems. 1, 1940, the nation spent the enormousJuly

Too frequently this meeting has been merged with quorum meetsum of $3,316,735,757 for distilled ings or stake meetings of various kinds with the result that quorum liquors, beers, and wines, according to matters have not received the proper amount of attention. press statements. This is an increase

of more than $200,000,000 over the 1939 bill. in the terms Stated of quanvolume R. McEntire, second counselor, "PERSONAL Wm. CONTACTTHE tity alcoholic of beverage consumed visited the had of the members quorum IN ACTIONMETHOD"13.91 to galaverage on amounted an there and found of 32 the were 508 lons for the of every 131,500,000 one Priests'quorum of Ogden HighHPhe members used tobacco. who one Every in States, the persons United * or $25.19 of representatives invited Stake these of brethren 32 deexpressed the

capita. per to atcommittee campaign generalthe sire to lay aside habits, these after and

tend their meeting of October 27 and making one or two more visits to their Of course a large proportion of thediscuss with them the problem of winhomes seven of them had stopped smokpopulation—children and abstainers

ning some of their members from the ing. Among the seven was a brother drank no alcoholic beverage. So the

bill Elders for tobacco. A. did Hamer average of those drinkuse who 84 years of age had who smoked

F. the were thanReiser William $50. for mounted to more and Homer And

full years. a heart of pride asmany With the represent general great majority comto of the drinkerssigned undoubtmittee at this meeting. and joy he informed the quorum presiedly could ill afford to drink. The

In introducing the visitors, Brother dency on their second visit that he had suffering, misery, and degradation reAlbert W. Bell, first counselor, stated not smoked since they had called on sulting from drink presents a pitiable

that during the summer he and Presihim and would never start the habit situation. What are you and I willing

dent Frederick Barker and Brother again. Similar responses were encounto do about it? What are we doing?

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

NO DRINKING AT SOCIALS N. Y. STAKE DEVELOPS

"KflANY fine sociallyminded, ambitious QUORUM PROJECTS USEFUL PROJECTS

L"A young people do their first drinking What Is Your Quorum Doing? Indicative of what stakes in nonagri-

at social parties. To refuse a cocktail cultural communities can do in creat such gatherings appears to them a ating and developing projects in the

social blunder. Of course, this is a MT. OGDEN STAKE Church Welfare Program is a report

mistaken view and really indicates a HIGH PRIESTS from the New York Stake. Brethren

lack of moral courage. The truth is in the world metropolis make jobseek-

that one who adheres to high standards 'T'Ihe High Priests'quorum of Mt. Oging and -finding for unemployed memof personal conduct always gains inden Stake have recently completed bers a major activity. A placard restead of loses in the estimation of all a very fine project. One of the quorum cently kept on display at Priesthood and

decent people. members had lost his home. The quoWelfare meetings posted employment

But as a means of helping weak and rum members felt that something results for 1939 and bore the pertinent more or less timid and diffident people should be done for this aged man and admonition: "We are our brothers'

we suggest that socially initiated and his wife. The matter was discussed keeper."The statistics read:

resourceful people undertake to lead in with the bishopric and the Welfare Persons obtaining positions 99 a campaign to ban alcoholic beverages Committee and as a result a lot 50 by Positions filled 160 from all social gatherings. Here is an 150 feet valued at $225.00 was donated Average weekly pay $20.67

expenditures Costs and $1,228.20 friends. help the to as brick, Materials suchopportunity cause of temby (estimate) income Annual $52,544.00

fixtures, paint, especially electrical in ladies plumbingperance which marelation Costs in to income 2.34%

could shine. terial, doors, and lime were donated,

together with $160.50 in cash, making Benefits cited as resulting from this

WEBER STAKE RECORD a total of about $471.70 donated in kind of project are "Spiritual uplift,

buildup, for despair."and hope materials. In addition, cash and loan morale a important of the phase campaignAn from Brother Paul S. A statement obtained, of $430.00 which is was now** is of the a record to keep illustrates of products, a variety Dixon paid activbeing being back member by the

ities of stake and ward workers. Folhelped. the result of activities successfully unis record thelowing very commendable city the dertaken wards: by a consumer total of the cost modern home, The since inof done Stake work Weber cooperative, canning, special home all built within a month, $901.70; was 1939. report ThisJanuary, made was cards, leather rugs, Christmas hooked labor, hours, total the of 920 a dowas stake conference. recentat a goods, picture photographs frames. and nated quorum and members, ward by

Security Stake "The Church York New Priests. of visited 2,244 most them HighHomes

placard, "supplies reads Program,"oneRecalls 5,477 made report, In his states: Parker Bishop tracts information, finds and household distributed:Booklets feel this that project created has "We help, locates rooming accommodations, to 660 Talks "Alcohol Youth"spirit greater fraternalism of a among secures employment."the 3,000 "Nicotine Air"on well as as improving members, quorum accomplishments of the The New of in Practical Wisdom "Word attendance."quorum Stake encourshould an prove York 3,000 Terms"

Number of persons who have read the This is the third home project this agement to other city stakes which, booklets.4,517 quorum has put over in the past three finding themselves far from the scenes

Number of conversations 7,467 years, in addition to completing other of agricultural activity, may think themFilm and record shown by President projects, such as agricultural and reselves short of projects within their

Stevens in five city wards. gional assignments. reach.

Sponsored a poster contest.

Posters shown in five city and one country wards.

Stake Committee meets once a month.

RESULTS: Number who have stopped using tobacco 41 Number who have stopped using liquor 15 HOW ACTIVE ARE YOU?

/\ur campaign for abstinence must not lag. We cannot quit until our

objective is reached—Zion free from

the curse of liquor and tobacco.

In some stakes the campaign is progressing satisfactorily. It should do so

in every stake. Much, very much, depends upon the leadership responsible

for the campaign. This includes, of

course, Priesthood quorum presidencies and all committees assigned to the work.

(By direction of the First Presidency this is to reach campaign every member

) Priesthood.of the In addition to the MT. OGDENQUORUMSTAKEPROJECTHIGH PRIESTS'

means and methods indicated by the general Church committee every stake Above: Home built as project by High

should carry on something of its own Priests'Quorum.

development. Left: Home under construction.

In Utah are our officers and committees standing by ready to cooperate with the public school authorities when the invitation to do so is given?

) ).

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

LESSON XXXIX

Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, January, 1941 Some Principles of Church

Text: Priesthood and Church Government. Government (Concluded)

( See also supplementary readings, problems, and projects below (ReadI. Fitnesschapterof officers16, pp. 206210)(See Supplementary

Readings No. 5)

LESSON XXXVII are the principles of Church government in a. Thespirit broken heart and the contrite

Some Principles of Church accord with the design of God the Father b. Willingness to serve

Government in bringing to pass the immortality and c. Knowledge of Gospel

chapter exaltation(Read of man? 16, pp. 198202) d. temperament to suit man—every Training and

I. Sure foundations to instances 4. Cite of unwillingness of theocratic govcalling particular

ernment (See Supplementary Readfollow the prescribed course of authority e. Determination to obey law of parings, No. 1 and show how they were the result of a ticular sphere of jurisdiction

a. Selfgovernment based on true misunderstanding of the true order of 1. The greater the authority, the

knowledge Church government, in fact, of the plan of greater the restrictions b. itself. salvation of individual to Freedom choose 2. the greater the greater law, The

1. for Gospel covenants those who the penalty XXXVIII LESSON to choose obey f. in punctuality Preparedness and Principles of Some Church 2. all Civil laws compulsory upon of duties performance (cont.) Government c. Sincere principles of observance of II. in presiding the of (See Church Order chapter 202206) 16, (Read pp. religion true Supplementary Readings, No. 7) ministry unpaid I. An d. Administration of in laws righteous- a. In family the

a. in participation Universal labors of ness 1 presides Priesthood

the Church e. officers of authorwith Endowment 2. Inherent Priesthood of powers

b. talent, strength, of time, Devotion ity from God benefit self for family of and training the to within and work II. Importance the of individual b. organizations of Church Within Church a. of salvation Plan for designed each 1. to exercised only Priesthood be

II. officers of Obligations (See Church of family member human service directed into called as and Readings Supplementary No. 5) b. happiness Group dependent upon officers: illustration of High by

a. shall as examples: stand "Ye To lowest member I. is Priest of A. member M. who all in holiness to yourselves act bind 1. fallacy of averages The (See 2. officers deleOrganization have before me"of Fallacy edi- "The Averages,"authority gated

shall b. teach: bestudy and "Ye To torial Richard L. by Evans, The official c. the of Church body Within in the instructed of law come my Era, Improvement 1940, October, 1. official in authority Highest church"p. 608.) charge

c. inspiration plan under To 2. ninety nine and The the and one repreFirst or Presidency (a)

all d. in things conduct wisdom To III. Distinction Priesthood offices between all in sentatives: general

order and administrative offices and (See Supmeetings e. affections of gain membership To plementary Readings, No. 2) or repre- (b) Stake Presidency

service through a. Priesthood prereguisite to adminall sentatives: stake in meet-

f. perkindness govern and by To istrative authority ings

suasion consent and common b. responsibility Administrative not all in Bishopric: (c) meetward

III. officeholding of Conditions held every Priesthood by bearer ings

a. call to service voluntary 1. A Priesthood exeralways be may 2. to authority Presiding not be

1. Blessings accepted when for cised self family and conducting apconfused with

2. refused regrets Lasting when 2. In capacity, Priesthood Church pointment

b. call to enself-development and A exercised only appointment by 3. of without Priesthood Members

understanding larged IV. lay ministry A official stake, or Church, ward

c. office in Rotation a. Priesthood the universal possession positions consulted not be need

office- 1. benefits of of Extension of male members officers presiding by

all to holding b. Administrative officers taken from d. counpresident Rotation and among

2. of of service period not Duration file rank of Priesthood and memberselors in of meetings conduct

fixed: release appointment, ship leaders of leadership and Church A spirit in of III. should received be of V. authority: the Order of the keys a. called to be Every member may appreciation Priesthood serve

sacrifice, price service the Industry, IV. a. Directing labors of Priesthood only 1. in Priesthood and quorums Men (See of Supplemembership Church with those appointed to preside auxiliaries

Readings mentary No. 6) b. authority, of Usurpation insubordi- 2. auxiliaries in Women

is a. idle that "He is nation, of evidence lack of untrained should be b. Every member

sacrifice b. Selfgovernment. demands.."true derstanding of order 1. principles In of government

is in c. return give helped must for Who c. Respect Priesthood reimplies 2. In of of Kingdom law God

principle: d. unselfish Priesthood an for spect office calling, every and trust 3. implicit in leadIn Church

in interest of used must only be all or high low: authority one (See ers Supplementary (See Readothers Supplementary Readings, No. 3) ings, 8) No.

free of agency paramount VI. Law of order house Supplementary (See IV. A projects: Problems and a. Progress rests of freedom man upon Readings, No. 9) possible of the are some weak- 1. What to reject choose: to accept or a. Presiding capable adminquorums organimembership-controlled nesses a b. of choice Freedom brings obligaistrators against? these guarded zation? be may inHow tion liability of to obedience, punfinds outeventual b. properly Talent organistrengths of are such the an What is ishment choice once (See made let service in of Lord strengths these zation? and how Show Readings, Supplementary No. 4) projects: in government. operate Problems and Church weaknesses

Problems and projects: 2. Call for personal testimonies from 1. Assign twoand-onehalf-minute talks

1. Enlarge upon Joseph Smith's stateguorum members concerning blessings on the following topics as requisite qualifiment: "I teach the people true principles gained from willing acceptance of office and cations for office: ( 1 ) Willingness to serve,

and they govern themselves."Why is it performance of duty, and concerning re- (2) humility in service, (3) knowledge of

sound? What relation has this truth to the grets, discomfort, stagnation experienced as the Gospel, (4) training and temperament

principle of eternal progression? a result of refusal to serve in certain cato suit particular calling, (5) obedience to

2. What is meant by a theocracy? Acpacities. laws of Gospel and particular restrictions

cording to your definition, in what ways 3. Justify the system of rotation in office. of office, (6) preparedness and punctuality

is the form of Church government as we What is the implication of the semihumor- in performance of duties.

know it today a theocracy? ous assertion: "That a man seeks an office 2. Illustrate the order of presiding in the

3. Have someone give a fiveminute talk is the best evidence that he is unfit for it"? Church by following the imaginary visit of

on the importance of the individual based 4. "Who is helped must give in return."a stake president to a general conference

on a reading of "The Fallacy of Averages,"In what ways does the Church help the of the Church, a stake M. I. A. convention,

by Richard L. Evans, in The Improvement individual? In what ways can the indi- a ward sacrament meeting, a ward PriEra, October, 1940, page 608. How well vidual in turn serve the Church? (Concluded on page 749)

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

THE AARONIC QUORUM MEMBERS MOVING and died after naming it, in commemoration signiIchabod, misfortune, national of thePRIESTHOOD AWAY FROM HOME fying, from Israel."glory has departed "The

Philistines victorious found soon The in a series Ninth of articles rpHE regret to reason as that had quite they much written by the late Elder A sentfollowingto bishopsexcerptsand counselorsfrom a letterfrom Orson the as of the their God, capture Ark of

F. Whitney of the Council of the Presiding Bishopric, under date of Israelites themselves. For, though its power

the Twelve. Published origJanuary 3, 1938, clearly define the duties had lain dormant against Israel in the day

that battle, design did the not Almighty for of of all those in any way responsible inally in "The Contributor."its seizure. profit their should enemies any by Priesthood. the Aaronic the of members

they temple had Their Dagon, in whose god is this that time about T Samuel, thrown sacred the emblem, placed wasI last greatest the of the and it, inthe shattered before and and down Judges, recommendationsFor many yearsof itthehasPresidingbeen oneBishopricof the smitten with of were habitants the scene; Ashdod child aappears holy upon at that from home quorum members away

of great disorders painful numbers andin the Lord, visiting of the to temple school, for extended or working, whose terror, they destroyed. and In alarm them periods, in with touch kept quorum be hisservice dedicated been he had by city object from deathdealing the moved letters affairs, of quorum from means bygrateful mother, Hannah, whose results following fatal city, the to same in reports, officers members, and and by

it they despair, Finally, in went. wherever miraculouslybarren been had womb to that other urged be they ways, and

cart, it two a placed drawn by upon new to< visitors forth bringblessed associate as only quowith themselves son an felt the yoke, before heifers never had which in rein the they are wards rums which child yet promise, of a toa be and coffer the in of Ark, a alongside putting and., siding temporarily. of of prophetmighty offering to God. trespass jewels, as a of One gold is It the of.every through duty quorum,

it its allowed wrath, mysterious appease Levite, the Korah,his ancestors was its officers, adviser bishopric, the the and its to the nearest to take back own way all fire, in to his touch with keep father wherever perished members and bywho city, Bethshemesh. Hebrew go. they maintain quorums Many may the of Elkanah, husband twowas little fared place inhabitants that of The regular absent with correspondence memitswives. for presence, Philistines the better than bers, reports sending of news quorum and

sacrifice offering the Levites for were while the of to Lord came word The activities, retain to in interest helping thus its holdnot return, persons in of honor some the general. in in quorum and Church sleeping work laythe as Samuel, boy he

rashly forward Priesthood ing the came this will, that the trust in procedure We inat Tabernacle. the night "Here insult the act into of an Ark, looked and all future, in order followed be quorums by Eli, I,"to running answered, he summarily disobedience God whicham and full responsibilthat discharge our we may

fifty of thousand slaying over punished it by calledsupposing had he was who all aid ity in every members quorum and lamentaloud city. the of the people With possible. to are Bishops requested "I called not,"said the wayhim. High

to the neighboring tions, survivors sent the this all discuss supervisors plan with andPriest, the wonderingly, bade and the entreated Kirjathjearim, of city men and its adoption. urge immediate

to his couch.child return the Again the to take away. place of that and Ark come

Lord spoke to Samuel and again he They consented, and it was accordingly it reKirjath-jearim, where to front, the to taken was capremoved result. to the Eli, withran same

the the of Abinadab, in keeping Israelitish The sacrilegiouslytured the Philistines, the mained, and by time, Priestthird the divined High until twenty his son Eleazer, slaughter, great driven Levite, and with army back the cause, and directed Samuel to leaving thirty thousand warriors dead upon years later, when King David carried it up lie down once more, and, when he the field. Eli, who sat at the city gate, to Jerusalem.

the Priesthood the and tidings Meanwhile, battle, of the awaiting High andagain heard the voice, to answer it anxiouslyfilled rested Samuel. Under office for upon of the with safety of Judge apprehension

listen:and the administration, faithful upright his and bethe Ark, he had what was told when

fallen, fell backward from his seat, breakchildren of Israel purified themselves, putting came and stood and called the Lord "And times,as at other Samuel. Samuel, Then ingmidsthis ofnecktheseand expiringcalamities,instantly.the wifeIn theof awayland, andthe idolsreestablishingand strangethe godsreligionout ofof thethe

Samuel answered, speak; for thy servant Phinehas gave premature birth to a son, (Continued on page 749)

heareth. "And the Lord said to Samuel, Behold,

I will do a thing in Israel, at which both the ears of everyone that heareth it shall YOUTH AND THE WORD OF WISDOM tingle. "In that day I will perform against Eli all things which the depression or it increases that DRUGS IN shown HARMFUL his house: when II beginhave Ispokenwill alsoconcerningmake an effects drugs. of such poisonous TEA AND COFFEEend.

further adds: He I will told that "For him I have judge his thesis Excerpts the from

ill effects for iniquity forever, long the runhouse he which which may in the The Ross of Sheldon Hunt his taken themselves this powerfulknoweth: produced drug sons be because by made

vile, and he restrained them not. habitually for many years, even by the

"And therefore I have sworn unto the Tn his new book, How to Make the supposedly healthy, have never been meashouse of Eli, that the iniquity of Eli's house Periodic Examination, Dr. Eugene ured, but it is not uncommon for people who

shall not be purged with sacrifice nor offerLyman Fisk of the Institute says: have taken coffee and tea for many years

ing forever."without apparent ill effects suddenly to deThese awful words, Samuel, naturally Coffee is essentially a drug; that is, in velop a susceptibility to these drugs, sugenough, felt unwilling to convey to the itself it has no food value or nourishing gesting that there has been a slow damage

ears of his superior, and it was not until principles. Its effects are mainly due to an to the nervous mechanism of the heart or to

the latter commanded him solemnly to alkaloid caffeine, which is used in medicine some other part of the nervous system.

withhold nothing, that he was prevailed as a nerve and heart stimulant, although its When muscularly fatigued, a bath or a upon to tell him all. Eli acquiesced in the use is being much restricted because of its rubdown is far better than drugs....

judgment, and nobly, because humbly, acuncertain effects. In this it resembles toWhen mentally fatigued, rest and sleep is

knowledged it as a message from the Lord. bacco... caffeine, and is now given the remedy, not stimulants. Anything that

Not long afterwards the prophecy was fulchiefly in emergencies, and is no longer merely masks fatigue is, in the longrun, filled; Hophni, and Phinehas were slain in combined with headache remedies, since fraught with a certain risk.

battle, the Ark of God which they had the Hygenie Laboratory at Washington has (Concluded on page 749)

WARD TEACHING WARD TEACHERS Tt is felt that serious consideration ND if any man among you be strong in the Spirit, let him take with him him given to should the matter of imbe that is weak, that he may be edified in all meekness, that he may become strong the quality of proving our ward teachAalso.

ing. In too many cases, the visit of Therefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser Priesthood...

the Ward Teacher has become nothing (Doc. 6 Cov., 84:106, 107.)

more than an opportunity to discuss such matters as the weather, war, crops, Suggestions for Ward Teachers and other kindred subjects. Reports Teachers should be actively interested in their people. They should visit them

come in that Teachers have been in times of illness and death. They should be aware of the spiritual, physical, and

distress their status that of people to such an extent and be want may to stay in a singleknown home for at two reportedtemporal assistance once, appropriate to the and without provided worthy be or subjects discussing hours more which delay.

are not related in any way to the purIn keeping with the duties assigned to teachers by revelation, it is highly pose of the visit. appropriate, where making a formal visit, to ask each member of the family quesIn the light of such reports, it is of tions containing the following import:

1. in Are harmony you little families that are so wonder many

a. associates? neighbors your and With to eagernot the too receive Ward stake, b. ward, General and With in their SinceTeachers homes. the 2. attending to your Are you Church Authoritiesduties—of the Church?

call usually Teachers the people upon a. a member As

unannounced, breaking into the plans Attending meeting, fasting once each month and paying Fast Offering, of the family which they know nothing paying tithing, and participating in ward social functions?

about, would they not be more welcome b. As an officer

in the future if they devoted themSetting proper example, attending council meetings, etc.?

selves at once to the purpose of the 3. Are you attending to secret and family prayers?

visit, leaving as soon as possible thereafter? If there is occasion to remain Uta/wL Jswudhsuib 'Tyisi&Ajai fi. $mrnahi} 19ty1longer is ordinarily than the necessary,

Teachers should make certain that all "PEACE"of the time spent in the home is orderly and in keeping with his specific duties, VS Je have just completed the celebration of the birth of our Savior, the and certainly upon the invitation of the * "Prince of Peace."We have made merry in our homes and in our

family. It would be well for the public gatherings. Good will and fellowship were at high tide during the

Teachers to bear constantly in mind holiday season.

that when they enter the homes of the It is hoped that all Latterday Saints had in their hearts also a reverent people as Ward Teachers their every regard for the sacred, peaceloving mission of the Redeemer of the world.

act and word adds to, or takes away With these divine qualities so recently claiming our attention, it is approfrom, the dignity of the calling in the priate that we now determine in our hearts to let their purifying influence minds of the people. It is improper to persuade our opinions and gauge our actions throughout the coming year.

enter the home as Ward Teachers and There can be no peace in the world until there is peace in the hearts there discuss any subject which is not of men. Hatred and selfishness must not find lodgment in the hearts of

in harmony with the duties of the callthe Latterday Saints. If we persist in conversation which harrows up our

ing. If we must catch up with our social feelings and unrighteously offends any of our fellow men, we are seriously

obligations, let us not do it under the in error and have great need to change our course.

guise of Ward Teaching. We should make every effort to be at peace with ourselves, with our

fellow men, and with our Father in Heaven. Intelligent restraint upon the

Aaronic Priesthood Members Not everpresent urge to speak of war and unrest should be exercised by all.

to be Sent in Pairs or Alone If we devote ourselves to thinking constructively upon life and its great

Bishops of wards are urged to disopportunities,faith and hopewein willthe mindscontributeand toheartsour ownof mankind.peace of mindThereandcouldencouragehardly

continue practice the of sending memanything effort in life today than be welcome more a concerted to keep pairs, in of thebers Priesthood Aaronic the preparation our "feet shod of the with qospel of peace."(Ephesians,

or alone, to do Ward Teaching. A 6:15.)

Priesthood of the Melchizedekmember should take the lead in all Ward our hearts:The Savior left a message on this subject which we should bind upon

It assignments. is suggestedTeaching

I I leave with you, Peace peace give unto not the as you: world giveth, my ofthat the Priest- a Aaronic member give it let heart troubled, you. 1 unto Let not neither your be afraid. be assigned to labor older be with anhood 14:27.) (John,

brother. While the value of the fine

efforts and work of the Aaronic This is our Lord's invitation to dispel fear from our lives and to live

Priesthood in this connection is not bein the heartwarming influence of the peace and love which He sheds forth ing discounted, it is felt that the people on all the just and true.

will feel better about it if an older and more experienced brother takes the lead in discussions and inquiries which opportunity to participate actively in leaflets for Ward Teachers will have hereafter will be the suggested order of the routine of Ward Teaching. The suggestions and instructions for the conbusiness in all Ward Teaching. young man should always be given full duct of the Teachers'visits in the

In this plan, however, it is intended opportunity to express himself or parhomes of the people. These instrucand expected that the brother bearing ticipate in some way in each and every tions will also appear each month in

the Melchizedek Priesthood will give home. The Improvement Era.

his young companion every possible Beginning with the new year, all The Presiding Bishopric.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

Aaronic Priesthood MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD (Continued from page 747) (Concluded from page 746) intelligently for the work. The mistakes

officers are the to by due made commonly forefathers. initial his of act public The gathering. meeting, a Deacons'quorum mary intelligence the of disin the want needed

to career call general gathering a was of official jurisdiction the of stake Define the their duties. of the charge Fortunately,

"all Israel"to at meet Mizpeh, a where is the in instance. president each What is officials that so organized Church be may feast solemn sacrifices offered, held, was and in officers relative local the of position each their for tried their righteousness whenever covenants of past penitence future faithand case? actions to to the appear people. be wrong

fulness to the his entered into Almighty by 3. their of the mindful Saints "Let be officials are likely Mistakes most made by people. the sacred While ceremonies were integrity, overanxious and not about own 'their will qualify for not themselves who

in progress, Philistines the land, the invaded the integrity of those over Discuss them."(Widtsoe, work. p. Theology, Rational

but Israel for fought the thunders with God this the of statement. are the wisdom What 112.)

of their heaven, enemies driven and were rightguarantees, of or safeguards, enduring is 6. It of that the doctrine a Church discomfitedback beaten, and never were and in trust of positions leadership eousness and giving strength. produces one Whether successful Israel again against while Samuel in the Church?

if talents, of gives strength, or the money, in remained power.

gift for purpose, a increased be worthy his old In age, his sons he Joal and made personal follows. Usually, the wise, power

assistant judges,Abiah established and a giver prospers generous the than more Readings Supplementary circuit his city from Bethel, to Ramah, own stingy, person. niggardly (Widtsoe, Priesthood For and Church Government Gilgal, and Mizpeh, whither yearly he went the 97.) Church, p. Program of

for the justice. of dispensing purpose But

7. spirit is for the of Gospel The everyhis did his sons not righteous emulate ex- 1. is the that statement made When his shift to try to not do duty and any man bribesample; they "took perverted and it is is theocracy not "government God,"by else. responsibility onto are somebody We cause,judgment."This with Samuel's adto the intended that the idea Alconvey told that are agents ourselves, unto and we still age, lingeringvanced for and fondness a that perin administers mighty government to in that bringing be ought engaged we afterfollowing of the nations, other customs son, that directly establishes but His He to righteousness. pass are much we When at length the induced to people to ask him its institutes laws, government, then adand it is preside to placed ward, over a notappoint king to rule them. a over it in officiate ministers to called His by men the to to the necessary of President go

reguest displeased Samuel, The not only in other Priesthood orname: words, a by little to matter, ask every about Church

its rejection ofbecause implied himself, of this for (Keeler, purpose. dained Church spirit the to entitled of are but and we God

itsbut of being eguivalent to the repudiation Government, 79.) p. the revelations of the to in Christ Jesus Lord

theirof king, heavenly vain In Jehovah. is 2. to guite properly as need There much If calling. energetic are are our and we

Priest faithful the remonstrated pointed and in calling the recognize as one's one's Church in calling the the working whereunto Lord this to all out them. to deaf were They for, calling, authority, the the without auus, will called reveal great has He many

protest, or reason persisted stubbornly and thority baptize to to perform and many will us, things important unto and and He their in that arguing strong demand, "a lies difother labors dormant. have Men to bring suggestions our minds and many

essentialgovernment"absolutely to was ferent callings the Priesthood but and same to the regard of our ideas with government their future political welfare, lack of a and authority. just of has a quorum member A presidents of with stakes ward. and So

centralization hitherto the cause been had his presias Priesthood or authority as much officers the councils other high of and their inabilityof to weakness and with cope it is calling different, his dent, but and would Church. (A. Woodruff, O. Conference Re

hostilethe entirely them; powers around for right to in act be not cahim quorum ports, 15.) October, 1900, p.

forgetful their of fact the that troubles and call his pacity presiding a without from 8. the careful Saints Let be very how allreverses directly to traceable were their brother. (In the Activity, of Realm Quorum Priestconfidence the they withdraw from rebellion eteragainst thedisobedient and 1 Series, 32, 931. Second p. their the Saints mindful Let of hood. be theirnal fathers they Monarch and whom 3. If Priest his his duty, understands a integrity, not overanxious about and own serve. solemnly tohad sworn calling, ministry, the preaches and and by those integrity of Priestthe them. over The

is his great the Ghost, their as as enjoyment Holy But compassion Lord had upon Saints, the the are of brethren and hood if it the of his presidency; he one were determinedweakness, to and and punish by their servants; the everready higher and

services their in are as necessary the aregranting reguest. body, comforted He office, greater service. the the the The

also telling of those Teachers, that Deacons. the and (Jospeople himSamuel by had all that those Saints not over them know

II,not Smith, eph rejected the History him, the Vol. rejected Church, but had Lord of it endure, to although reasonhave be may

their first p. instructed to 478.) deGod, and him to that able the grace favor suppose and

4. is earth toscribe Messiah's the of to king they kingdom them The on have, were in to of are the proportion bestowed God

that althat there of the kind of government,forewarning tyranny have them he would trials responsibilities and which have men apostates for the reaexercise select been them, over numerous then to the ways and bear. the to that Saints Let remember God

it that sins of son admits designate, of unrepentedperson should no anoint He and and, to has eye should Church, His an any its Israel. the without individual excluding over divine king from choicehim The transgress, will the of see Priesthood He

fell fellowship. said, to "Strive Saul, of enter a Lord upon Our son young named man account. are that to they brought While

I in strait the tribe at for of the gate:Kish, of Benjamin, unto many, say he and was their of the maintain uppeople walk God

in, will to enter shall you, king seekaccordingly anointed not C. B. Samuel, be and by ability, their right best of the to before Him,

able."selection 1095. ruler Smith's of Teachings, a p. royal 66.) from (Joseph The after the see will Priesthood, look and God

5. first In like tribes of the the smallest organizedthe at an Church, body and weakest in over, are transgressors that handed due

little activity every estabjealousy must be governed ofcaused no some among by time, the buffeting of to Satan. (Millennial

officers lished to laws.those powerful, therefore chosen enforce and Samuel more The Star, 15, 553.) Vol. 552, pp.

to these installation carry the the public regular lawsprudently delayed on and work is 9. order, law, of of a God's house house

this their feeling of theuntil exercise in abated. Church, a measure had because power erratic regularity, that disturbers of of and

finally, office. their is of office to the of Authority presented Saul only wasWhen, restless of of order temperament, who, men of reins of derived the formally apeople, form from and assumed authority—derived egotism, ignorance through become and the his their to people bearing have noble agreedgovernment, submit and magwho pretensions babblers, great yet vain make wills officers, certainnificent to the stature impressed to so are enforce assembled who spiritual other prophetic to powers and that themultitude, him, seeing they accepted people. laws vent gave such on by Even gifts, to graces not have any ought and

their into official authority, to positions, rapturous of belonging admiration a shout Saints, the the influence nor with ought the intelligent king!"founded must save be on knowledge."God spirit their in Saints such disturbed to be by

itself organization the of The Church must Continued) be (To theories. their characters Church and The intelligently authoritative. be Therefore,

It is Saints. of the Christ with has comis office of authority exercised best when

it its for of the mitted to law own God it those qualified holding themselves have

It perpetuation. possesses and governmentYouth and the Word of Wisdom every means for the correction of every

(Concluded from page 747) dyspepsia, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart wrongtime to ortimeabusearise, oranderrorthat whichwithoutmayanarchy,from

He concluded by saying: affection, and those who have inherited a or even revolution; it can do it by process tendency to nervous and mental irritability. of evolution—by development, by an inThere can be no doubt that tea and Many suffering from acid dyspepsia, increase of knowledge, wisdom, patience and

coffee are distinctly harmful, even in modsomnia, and nervousness secure complete charity. (Joseph F. Smith, Gospel Doctrine,

erate amounts, to individuals suffering from relief after giving up tea and coffee. p. 427.)

1* 'ST IJUW CT

The Organist as Accompanist In general, the organ accompaniment Buck's "God is our Refuge and should be subservient to the voices, and Strength,"throughout the entire number

Z?r/ Dr. Frank W. Aspev for this reason many think the organ the organ part is absolutely indepen-

/\ne of the hardest things an organist should never be heard above the choir. dent or that of the voices, and if there

S who is an accompanist has to do This is a mistake, for often music is were no accompaniment the number is to accompany singers satisfactorily written as a duet for choir and organ would be very unsatisfactory. A numwhen they sing softly. It is almost an or duet for choir and orchestra, in ber of this kind is much different from

impossibility for some singers to sing which case the orchestra part has been a number in which the instrument plays softly and not drag the tempo. Others, reduced to be played on an organ. the same notes as are sung by the

especially if they are not experienced It all depends on the way in which voices, in which case the accompaniin singing with organ, have a great deal the composer has treated his accomment should be used only to support of trouble getting the pitch. paniment. For example, in Dudley the singing parts.

With the fine organs now being installed in many of the wards, making so many tonecolors possible, it is seldom that the accusation of monotony in the playing of the organ can be made if the organist is alert. He should continually try to use different pleasing

combinations which will be in the spirit of worship. They should never be

bizarre, but always along a rather conventional pattern. However, the performer should not go to the other extreme, that of changing stops too often.

Such procedure does not add to the spirit of the service nor to the atmosphere of devotion. The stops should be

changed where the change will not be prominently noticed, preferably at the end of phrases.

The necessity of variety in tonecolor in the use of stops in accompaniments is just as great as when playing solos; and at all times in changing stops,

time and rhythm should never be sacrificed. Only too often one sees the

sad spectacle of an organist holding down a chord for a considerable number of beats while he searches the row of stopkeys for something which he can change.

In the preludes to the anthems to be sung by the choir, and also in the occasional interludes which are written in them, the organist should guard against vagueness and looseness of treatment. They should be in the same

tempo as that in which the composition is to be sung. The prelude is especially designed to give the singers a

definite sense of pitch and rhythm. For

this reason the accompaniment should pay particular attention to the presentation.

<M//#rrffMf###*<#f#MMji Many organ accompaniments are adapted from an orchestration, in which

ASK FOR FREE DEMONSTRATION high,case inthethepartsameispitchoftenas forwrittenthe stringsquite of the orchestra. These high notes

sound all right on piano, but they are often best taken an octave lower on the organ because of the screechy efEVERETT ORGATRON fect that may result from the high

Sold in Salt Lake City by playing.The swell pedal is especially useful

lief that there of the writer is a slight SUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO. for loud and soft effects. It is the bein it is difference quality tone when

17 West 1st South Dial 5-5881 opened and when it is closed. We all

*#*//*##*y*#***#/sM***#*>#M'*#M*##****#**#***#*#*#**#**//*#J agree that there is a difference in bril750

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

liance, but the vicious habit of opening and closing it accordionlike without regard to the phrase or the interpretation of the music should not be sumcdoqif increasetolerated. usually Phrases

their higher they attaindynamics as in SPANISHAMERICAN welcomeican Branchand werethe membershosts at ofallthetheMexcon- notes and decrease in loudness as the TEMPLE PILGRIMAGE ference sessions. The beginning of the

in pitch. lowerphrase becomes meetings in the of a sunrise form was Robert H, Burton By strongly too cannot speak One service the picturesque out Salt on Mission the SpanishAmerican Of of pedaling the continualagainst desert. sight River There, within the of

hymns on the lower octave with the Cince its dedication on October 23, ruins of the civilization of their noble left foot. This practice makes the 1 927, the beautiful Arizona Temple progenitors, these people worshiped the

playing thick and heavy, as well as has increasingly become a place of cenGod of their fathers, according to the monotonous, for the sixteenfoot tone tral interest in the hearts of the people true plan of the Gospel, brings the bass part an octave lower of the SpanishAmerican Mission. As During the afternoon and evening of

than written, making the whole effect they grow in their understanding of and this Sabbath, conference sessions were too bottomheavy and only increasing obedience to the Gospel teachings, their held in the beautiful Mexican Branch the agony. Many organists love to attention turns more and more to the chapel. Monday was filled with many

hear the low tones of the organ as they work for their kindred dead. As addiactivities, but the highlight of the conspeak out, but this, like all good things, tional members of the SpanishAmer- ference was yet to come the following

may be overdone, and if persisted in ican Mission make the journey to the day.

is in extremely bad taste. House of the Lord, there appears a new On Tuesday, even before the sun had

On the other hand, a very fine effect animation in the branches to which warmed the desert sands, the Saints is obtained when a bass note is rethey return. from Los Angeles, together with others

peated by taking it an octave lower on In the early summer of this year, a from Mesa, and the visiting missionaries the repetition. When accompanying step forward was made in temple work had gathered in the gardens on the

the choir, the pedal should only play when several families of the Los Antemple grounds and from there passed when the basses are singing, and even geles Branch of the mission made the into the beautiful and sacred rooms of then it is best occasionally to omit the excursion to the temple at Mesa. Inthe temple.

part. One of the finest effects is obtention to go was announced about two President Orlando C. Williams gave

tained by omitting the pedal for a months ahead, and preparations were the talk at the chapel service and part of phrase and then allowing it to enter, made and further research was done for the music was furnished by the visitors, at which time the real majesty of the more names. The planning, sacrifice, who sang both in Spanish and English.

instrument is given proper expression. and work that were necessary are typEach one took a name, and the realizaical of the effort that is required for such tion that they were doing work for the

COMPOSITIONS BY GATES an excursion. Branch President Juan kindred dead of the SpanishAmerican

SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS Gonzales hired two extra men and the people within the temple dedicated for

TPhe "story of old"is the story of services of his son in order to leave their benefit and blessing, was a new joy. exalting and for business real few days. estate a as of his Christ well Savior as the

first this their three couples For was Guillermo counselor branch Former the of Bethlehem.Christ MatchBabe

session. of climax all came The his changed, and temple vacation Smith hadless literature in the sacred of music

sealed, four couples with were to when also his weeks a few wife worked B. Cecilare Gates, by numbers two

all their children, eternity. for time and Sister trip. Brother and the makegifted create composer, which Church

fail to the of joy express such an Words arrangements special Ortiz made reliDaniel quietthe of joy atmosphere and gious devotion inseparably a part of the in order to accompany the others. For occasion.

and attended remained Some faithful in Mesa Brother Juan the year secondfestival of Lord's Christmas: "The

sessions. ten as as temple trip. many They the los Gonzales made Reyes de Lives."Prayer"and Redeemer "My firm the returned to with Angeles in Los conexcursion Their was planned sung been have fromBoth numbers

time to time by the Tabernacle Choir. nection with the conference of the desire to visit the temple again soon to

Made available by the Choir Publishing SpanishAmerican missionaries of Calido more work. Other members now

Company (Salt Lake), "The Lord's fornia, Arizona, and El Paso districts. are making plans to partake worthily

Prayer"has been issued in men's, womTo these faithful members and the of this great blessing.

en's, and mixed voices, and in solo form thirtyfive missionaries, the inspiring Such progress in the work of the peothe SpanishAmerican Lord in the orange and among temple sight of thein three flat, C, and D; and keys: B

ple fills of us with a fulfillment groves great joy as we realize was in Lives"mixed and grapefruit Redeemer"My women's voices, and in solo arrange- a cherished dream. Its majestic beauty that the promises made concerning

fulfilled. forare being of holiness, look them a spirit them with impressed We flat.ment, keys A and D faith to the time they with knowing not help when ward many and they could choirs seeking For any season, ward

music of high standard and easy perhad come, indeed, to "The House of others of their brothers will embrace formance should turn to volume one of the Lord."the Gospel and enjoy its many opporGates Anthems, another production of The people of Mesa made all very tunities.

B. Cecil Gates, containing splendid arrangements of such famous pieces as

"Peace, Troubled Soul"(Rubinstein's MEMBERSBRANCH OFOF THETHELOS SPANISHANGELESMelody in F), Zeiner's "See How the AMERICAN MISSION ATTENDING

Morning Sun,"and Gray's "A Dream THE MESAMAYTEMPLE28, 1940:EXCURSION,

of Paradise."

Left to right, back row: Daniel

Ortiz (Counselor in branch presidency), Josef ina Bermudez de Ortiz,

President iConcepcion de Gonzales,. I. A... and (branch president), Juan Gonzales

Juan de los Reyes Gonzales, Amelia

Smith Guillermo de Smith, in presibranch ALL CHURCH MUSIC j Mirando(former counselor dency).

Left to right, front row: Son of

Sister Ortiz, Rebecca Brother and

I Gonzales, Gonzales, Geraldina Rosa 70 SOUTH MAIN Smith, Violet Smith.

ecutive responsibilities in January. The not belong to our Church; they have

first is the Sunday Evening Service. been attracted to it particularly since

Executives Christ,"We Livethe WithRedeemer,"Great isCharacters:the topic. terit combinesand methodso effectivelyof presentationsubjectof matthat

again let us that mention the material.==P scriptureOnce reading should receive conThose Special Interest groups which

MidYear sideration; ask the speech director to are studying some other subject would

/\ur Mutual work is almost at the help that the reading may be well done. do well to read The Successful Latterhalfway mark. Before the year The preparation for the January 28th day Saint Family in the Modern World

closes, it will be wise to look back at assembly program on "How the Scripfor its helpful suggestions concerning tures to should particuUs"Came be direction the successful of class work. has forbeen accomplishedwhat and

larly is well prepared. This important coming Reports of stakes from many still to to done. needsward what be

it to but know, must be handled enthusiastic very the the are about Church will presidents to need check The it if is well to sufficiently interesting be Interest Special program. GenThethe general the tone of Mutual. Has

attention to hold the of is persons young eral particularly that eager Boardthe satisfactory? membership been

Have persons been stationed at the from the ages of fifteen up. the democratic procedure be maindoor to greet all those who attend Mutained in all groups that are being ortual? Have those who are not acganized now. Read the Brochure carequainted or who are not members of fully, then find new groups who should

the Church been made to feel welcome be reached by this program, invite them during their entire visit in our Mutuals? into activity, and let them choose theirAre the preludes played by the orSpecial Interest own leaders, subjects, and class offiganist conducive of quietude? Have J-cp——is the time introduce to the cers.Nowthe exercises opening conducted been of the popularity of T2 ecause the Spereading course the Hills books: Untoaccording to of Chapters XII and XI

cial Interest manual, Success* The Richard L. has Evans, which by the Speech Bewrayeth Thee?Thy Has

marching been good? ful Latterday Saint Family in the gone into its third large printing, and

Manual counselors will check as to Modern World, a reprint has been One Who Was Valiant by Clarissa feel that this is comYoung Spencer and Mabel Harmer.their classroom procedure. Have the necessary. We

classes been conducted in such a manplimentary to the authors of the course Unto the Hills bids us consider the that will the course verities. eternal be of great abiding During and thatner the are at-—and to members happy

value for those studying times, it. these these need who are to dwell on we their benefitingtend are atand from

tendance? Are the Sunday Evening This particular manual is receiving wide permanent values rather than on shiftServices attractive enough that the atcomment from many educators who do ing standards. One Who Was Valiant

tendance at them is steadily increasing?

Have the speech directors been given ten minutes a month in which to introduce the speech work into the departments?

Activity counselors have their province to check. Are the assembly programs being made interesting? Are

they being timed accurately so that classes do not suffer? Are the dance

managers actually being given the assignment of taking charge of the dancing programs of both ward and stake?

Are the drama and music programs being conducted so that there will be growth at the conclusion of the year?

It would be wise for executives to point out ways of classroom checking.

Teaching Helps Tn the matter of classroom procedure, the manual conselors may want to offer suggestions concerning improving alif m/ varietyor adding to the methods ready being used. For helpful suggestions in the method, we should like "Dear Editor: featured with Alvin Rey's orchestra.

referto you to The Successful Saintday Family in the Modern Latter- "T thought you might find this picture worksThey areand heardon phonographover nationwiderecords.netWorld, which is being used by many interesting enough to use in The "Their good friend, Miss Laraine

Special Interest groups. At the beImprovement Era. No doubt you reDay, M. G. M. star, paid them a visit

ginning of nearly every discussion, there member the King Sisters at KSL. on her arrival in the big city for the

is one section, called Helpful Hints to "This is a 'candid'taken of 'five preview of a recent picture, 'Foreign the Leader, which could be used sucMormon maids'who are proud of Utah Correspondent.'

cessfully by all departments. and your Church. The girls, to whom "They are, reading from left to right:

is King, Laraine Utah Day, Louise all members home and Donna who arePreview of the at the King, King. Church, posed Alyce King, Yvonne Mormon

In addition to the regular Tuesday Biltmore Hotel in New York City, Sincerely, evening procedure, there are two Exwhere the Four King Sisters are Jack Egan."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

Mutual Messages duplicatednever agreein againstMatthew,Mark.MatthewMatthewand Lukepreitsdiscouragedbest. Sometimesjust jot downif youin thatfeel mentala little

the master sents as Jesus teacher—the posiof the yours the great important notebook the ofdeals with home

sermongiver.

If of hold. tions as learn masterleader most you Young. Brigham women we lifeWhen It is distinctly Jewish. book This

life, or see are in the a girl family seems youof his home, can many a woman we for the to written Jewish been more have ways to improve our own. Christians. Matthew wishes to show Jesus you may be all in one a housekeeper,

to be the Messiah—the realization of the a disciplinarian, an expert cook, a seamMessianic prophecies. He attempts to constress, a buyer (on a budgetless budvince the Jews of this fact; hence, he used get), a doctor, a psychologist, a psyover forty quotations from the Old Testachiatrist, a nurse, a hostess, a profesthe convince Bible—to Jewish ment—the entertainer, sional executive, a an enUjeaners fact. this of great three does book The Jews

it all are with peacemaker, and you first, of enlarges the things: work Mark;HDb to sweet supposed keep goodand failure explains of the to the second, Jews to officers are Gleaner and MenAX the looking. then hurdle of third, on Christ; the And portrays as accept Jesus

the lesson plan conduct on the and it all Teacher. the great undoubtedly doing you you are

theme given December 17. The sugMatthew gives us the fundamental Chriscan to serve in the Church. Surely

in outlines 151 thegested Manual) Its doctrines. (p. tian collections of teachings is girl or to a worthwhile busy be

it folfor this a valuable are sermons and well evening worth make volume this interesting in day of itwoman literature. religious are class oflowing. Parents members for the theme 193839—"By Read universal a appeal. makes Matthew The classinvited the to on MenGleaner M all another. love serve the one For law is is stressed. of divinity Jesus the Jesusthis date, adequate thoughtful so and is fulfilled this: in in one even all word in things. figure central Doubtless much for should pleasantpreparations time a rich shalt the material of concerning neighbor thyas love thy Jesus came Thou

be made in advance. from the Apostle Matthew. self."Galatians 5:1314.

for passages suggested This month's for (Suggestions reading Luke, John, and talk the Assign a threeminute on will in issues.) will appear be found succeedingmemorizing in Luke 12: Acts sing quotations. the above group Have

2831. as Latdo At Home.""Love we How

SUGGESTIONS ON THE M therterdaythatSaintswe loveshowHim?our heavenlyConnect FatheMEN-GLEANER READING theme for 193940, "Jesus said unto

COURSE him: Thou shalt love the Lord thy God

'T'he New Testament is rich in the with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, principles of true religion. The and with all thy mind..."—with the

truths are expressed in simple language. theme for 194041, "My son, keep thy

The great scholar of the New Testafather's commandment, and forsake not ment, Dr. Goodspeed, used to say, the law of thy mother..."Show

"Read each of the New Testament how love is revealed by obedience to books at one sitting if possible."It is the advice of our heavenly and earthly

a book of simplicity; yet it has action, parents.

vigor, and a style that will appeal to If we truly love, there is a deep and you. sincere desire to please the loved one.

These facts and guides will enrich Leaders will have a fine opportunity in your reading: this lesson to bring out the fact that

forgiveness, tolerance, charity, palong1—MARK.

slender are the and appreciation, The gospel of Mark is older than Mattience, thew. Get an intelligent understanding of fingers of lasting love and friendship.

the book by reading according to the hisWe cannot change the world by fear literary oftorical, religious, methods it and will hate, but can and and change we FOUR M MISSION, OF MEN SWISS THE interwritten anapproach. by was Mark love. through BASEL BRANCH, SWITZERLAND

interthe Apostle. Peterpreter of Mark interesting several left have been right, row: There to back Reading from

the into the for Peterpreted from Aramaic Alfred and Adolf Siegman. Lieber reports groups meeting Gleaner on

left Lieber Peter's It right: to and row, called Front Wrick well could beGreek.

the summer. throughout was reIn Parowan This Badder. photograph Reinhold the through penmessage of Mark—"the

E. Switzerland received by Thomas from inleader stimulated Stake, a clever written Peter."ofmemoirs It was by Mark centlyMcKay.

at Rome about 70 A. D. to replace and make terest by using a pair of love birds as

live the oral Gospel. visitors in the homes of the girls when

is in author, mentioned Mark, John The in certain the projects reached were HELLO, GLEANERSof Paul on as missionary a companionActs activity. not of Treasures Truth Why

first journey. (Acts missionary Paul's Leaders Gleaner and Gleaner you HPo details. for to write Stake Parowan

of Jesus 13:5.) makes a man Mark action—greetings wishes * Girls and send the studied we Several groups Summer features stressesthe the doer. human He Into season. a holiday lovely for a Personality joy found Course and and this of personality.of Jesus'aim The

Gospel is to tell the things Jesus did. He new year, into a new world we inevifriendship throughout the summer.

likes to tell of the miracles. He gives tably move whether we will or not, Good luck and Happy Gleaning.

incidents in which Jesus is the hero. It is and there will be greater need for our Your Gleaner Committee.

through the book of Mark that we best inherent touch of womanly graces.

realize why Jesus drew all men to Him. Have you read the article in the Ocin the theAll of Gospel Jesus words Dr. of tober by Improvement Era John

in easily twentytwo read be canMark Greatest called "Woman's A. Widtsoe is four the shortest of theminutes. Mark

testiIt will strengthen your Career"? has chapters; MatthewGospels—sixteen 6(]P of material give wealth and you a mony twentyfour; hastwentyeight; John Luke

in the—XPfor discussion class suitable twentyone.has

The language of Mark is vigorous, terse, separate Gleaner department once a REGISTRATION TIME IS brief, and strong with dramatic power and month. CHECKUP TIME

It the in reachesfeeling. soon point—rapid us, reminds your to reis invited an Explorer Manual As the next VSThen to will well note the openaction. do You

lesson of Being a the 'Art on seriously v * register Woman"he usually book. the of verseing

28. It is entitled, will be on January program. evaluates his troop He re-2—MATTHEW. It is also Points "Love the Way."of high adventure calls the promises Matthew was written by a Jewish Christian author at Antioch. He used the Gosthe midwinter Comradery night. made during the past year and deterpel of Mark. Eleventwelfths of Mark is Gleaner work and interest should be at (Continued on page 754)

)... )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

Mutual Messages printfelt thatof leadersBrotherwouldBraithwaite'sappreciateplana rein (b) inworkingtheir particularto interest wardand (Continued from page 753) the Era. bring into the troop every

available young man in mines whether his troop leadership has Basic Phases of the Explorer Program: the ward

in steps organizing Explorer The an the to helping (c) Exadapt its pledge. good pays hemade When

logically effective troop the out of grow the to plorer program registration, rehis expects value he functioning related three of closely phases giving stake and by ward interesting, chalin ofturned the form of the program: full those to support who

lenging programs. the in lead carrying out 1. organization Proper ( StakeWard- it will leader not wise The make program

) Troop his fornecessary Explorers to debate stake Explorer building (d) a 2. Wellselected leaders (StakeWard-

fit it condithe to is question asthe whether program to worth ) Troop tions circumstances andfifty reregister. cents conto a year By 3. Wellplanned program (StakeWard-

district or local the ofducting wellplanned -executed and ) Troop stake himselfprograms, the saves he in organizing embarSteps troop: an Explorer correlafor greater work To criticized beingrassment of account on I. Secure the stake of the cooperation Scout tion and of Priesthood

of inactivity at reregistration time. presidency and Y. M. M. I. A. leaders activities, appreciating the

PROGRAMS OF VALUE incommitteesorganizinginstakeharmonyExplorerwith andthe Scoutlocal factsupplementarythat Scoutingactivityis to beprothe npHE athletic and social features of the CouncilI. A. plan.and General Board Y. M. M. 4. gramSpecificallyof the toPriesthoodprepare and

Explorer program are very desirII. Secure the cooperation of the ward educate these missionary Exable and worthwhile to the young man bishopric and Y. M. M. I. A. leaders plorers that they may act as

of Explorer age. They have natural in (1) selecting the right troop com- "servicemen"or "stimulators"

mitteemen, selecting best of the pos- (2) the Explorer of program little motiveryappeal to with him and sible assistant, leader Explorer and Priesthood the activities thevation, these most become troop meetings, committee (3) starting Service to CounAvenues Open in program. the Explorerpopular Many helping to enrollcarry and on an (4) cil Members:

troops are majoring in one or both of ment campaign. 1. Working for the appointment

these types of activities, and their memIII. Special projects used to introduce and or calling of the Explorer

bers are rapidly developing the attitude help establish Explorer Scout program: leaders and troop committeethat they constitute the major part of a. Special "Orientation Meeting"in men for the ward

the Explorer program, whereas they Explorer Scouting for stake presi- 2. Pledging and giving personal

bishoprics, dency, troop committeelead- Explorer to the support frills. theshould only be

I. leaders, men, Y. A. Ex- M. M. the ers get helping proto in heart of Explorer program The leaders plorer Scoutmasters, and functioning; set and up gramconsists of and two officers, troop interother and any thefeatures—First establish to a regisworking

Second Honors and the Arrowhead ested people. (Explanation of the tered troop

Award. Every Explorer troop should Explorer Scout program.) 3. Carrying on a special mismake these phases of the program very b. Explorer Leadership Training sionary project to interest and

inportant in the minds of the troop Course for Explorer leaders and enroll every available boy in the troop committeemen. (Under proin the the Explorer wardmembers.

officials, of Council comgram greater direction of encouraging As a means missioners; held in depart- 4. two in Participating cooperative aactivity in the Explorer advancement ments.) the for purpose studyprogram, the General Board has set up c. Special stake and ward Explorer adapting the Explorer proof

certain minimum standards of activity activities. (Tours, socials, etc.) gram to meet ward and stake

for Explorer troops on a stake basis. d. Stake Explorer Scout Council. needs, conditions, and possiAll stakes that attain these standards 1. Personnel: (1) District or stake bilities

will receive official recognition from Explorer Commissioner, (2) two Suggesting, sponsoring, and from Scouts each ward who initiative in carrying takingthe

Priestreceived formal General Board. The standards are olderhave a special such stake projects outas follows: presithe stake call from hood as:

1. Registered troops: 75% of the wards dency to serve as special Ex- a. Industrial tours

in a stake with twelve or more boys fifplorer missionaries in their par- b. Hikes, camping, and Exteen and sixteen years of age available ticular ward for purposes given plorer expeditions

must have registered Explorer troops. below, (3) special advisors when c. Joint ExplorerJunior Girl

2. Membership: 50% of the available needed. activities

Explorers in the stake must be registered 2. Organization: Vanball and other athletic

with the Boy Scouts of America. tournaments

3. First Honors: 25% of the available Stake Group Chairman e. Safety projects

Explorers in the stake must have received f. Stake Attainment Recognithe rank of First Honors. tion drive

4. Second Honors: 5% of the availStake Explorer Committee V]'Pioneer trail trek, etc.

able Explorers in the stake must have received the rank of Second Honors.

5. Priesthood activity: 75% of the ExExplorer Commissioner

plorers in the stake must be active in the Aaronic Priesthood. (See Page 164, log d"nioi's

(Special Meeting) (Union Meeting—o—felt is It stakes that that reached have lovely celethis month which Tn we these will standards automaticminimum A Savior, as brate the birthday of our ally wellhave worthwhile, conducted a 3. Objectives:

rounded program of Explorer activity. 1. To educate and convert Exit is fitting—even obligatory—to rededplorer Council members to icate ourselves to the purposes of MuSTEPS IN ORGANIZING the Explorer program as adtual Improvement work. Whatever

vocated and sponsored president the our by to BeeEXPLORER TROOPAN assignment—from

S. L. the D. and Church Naleader, directors drama Hive plan developed C. by RoydenA tional Council. untiringly are Junior and leaders—weincludingBtaithwaite, Explorer Commissioner, 2. stimulate inspire these and To live build fervently trying to a and and Stake. to their members serveWasatch wards

the truthfulness testimony of working stake and by is plan so concise (Note: This and "the as Gospel,"of understood by (a) cooperating with ward

enlightening, containing some new apofficials in bringing about "Mormons"in the hearts of our memproaches to the problem, that it was an Explorer organization bers. That is the first purpose.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

Mutual Messages AnniversaryThe GeneralWeek,BoardFebruary,Committee1941.on mantels.can be usedTheforsmalldecorationsones willon maketables corand

tie to sages parcels. to coats or on on wear stories select will the ten best Scouting it small leaders, task Junior is no As just silver to of of the a touch edge Add districts, the stakes those sent from in by convictionsto deep our own make tips. three fasten spool wire the cone With

will missions. ten given or be These sixfifteen- these to"carry and over"small together. the wires cones Conceal

teenyear-old youngsters. It takes the prizes at some appropriate time and behind the tips of scales. Cut small, deep

more than a tenminute glance at the place in their district. notched leaves from any old felt hats you

manual and a pat of our back hair to If there is no Scout organization in have in any shade of tan, brown, red, yellow green. three or or a Attach add two and I. district stake or the mission, A. M. trust this of sense surgingbring and a

silver ribbon bow. officers will receive, mission judge or this energetic happiness,courageous

atParcels snowballs as are wrapped best to send on I. A. and the two M. live todetermination word,"by "every trees, tractive them, Christmas or about on the Board, of Scout General Committee activates Latterday the youngwhich centerpieces. used as with a Santa and

Saint who really "believes."The task 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Oregon grape or wild holly combined

is impossible if we do not wholeUtah. Stories are to be judged on the with fruit makes a pretty centerpiece for

heartedly believe ourselves. As Junior following basis: the table; or red candles in a group of three,

five are holly seven, or with surmounted including value, 1. Literary gramfirst, then, ourtoleaders look must we

attractive. construction. study,selves. Earnest, prayerful a matical

doll is electrically lighted small house A 2. inforof Historical value; source opportunities, love our our of of also attractive. roof, the Cover window mation. of the background be may sills, with with sprinkled cotton ground andvisiongirls—these

it is 3. Interest story? value; a good lives. yet, in loveliest ourthe Christmas artificial at the cellophane snow. Yellow

That it may be yours and ours is the Objective: To encourage every windows gives a lighted glow. Place a

hope of your Junior Committee. Scout to learn about the life story of small holly wreath over the door and any

Three phases of our work should be his grandor greatgrandparents. interesting figures (dolls) you would like

uppermost in our minds for December: amongevergreenshrubsbranches.and trees made from small

1 opportunities the of our most make To Entertainment: lessons thewith Your Gospel and You

1. Table Game. earnstudyingLight. them means This

is Girls small stocking red a guest given Each Hive Bee toestly, minds"our ready having "on them filled kisses. addition, In ten with candy

daily obexperience from andpick up mistletoe sprig of has a guest one and one idea, helpful dramaticservation every every sprig holly. signal a of counts a CHRISTMAS one At MERRY girls. fortouch, enlightening idea every our ten his to closed, himself with while eyes

It carefully too, that "tying are means, we if is every Christmas "VTes, merry we the rapidly. mistletoe holly are passed and

the Story,""Question withthem up"A "My it so. his eyes counting opens the person make When the theBox,"at suggested as and "Theme"calls stop, the the holly holding and one let old, the capture us Then anew reinlessons. part should the ofend Each kiss the to the gives holding a one candy in hold old of Christmas beauty and other. force the strengthen and this mistletoe, as to as continued long be spirit hearts our the of peace good and 2. in for the well prepare advance To like. you

all. will this distogs our to us put and Letquestion on on box liquor—making

cussion a very real safeguard to the girls carol to our heart's content, and sub 2. Other Activities.

during the holiday season. for Santa once again. It is well to a. How would you like to have an un-

3. To plan for our happy "high standard"keep this thought in our hearts this trimmed Christmas tree in the room? On

JuniorExplorer or dance in December Jangilt table scissors, paste, a magazines, have isn't season—"It Christmas what you inuary culmination as the of our dance tinfoil, tinsel, paper, bright red paper,

it give, counts."that give but you howstruction. etc. icicles, guest each make Have find will a tarleton, Singing you Tree In The tree. trim a tree the ornament and

all is Christmas to you story. Merry lovely found Christmas This A very girls like to the carve a Santa, b. Would

Junior leaders, Junior girls! on pages 200201. Let's use this story the Shepherds, or the Three Wise Men

to interest the girls in this book, and from potatoes?

you might suggest it for a Christmas c. Would you like your party to be a

gift. "Frolic of the Toys?"If so, have each

like dress teddy guest a toy-—brownies, tells gothat you are me

all dolls bears, kinds, etc. of clowns, Each parties Christmas ficoufs ingSomethingto have some bring a toy or game. guest must

after that caroling; if so, it will be the

Gifts: this last Our Year. Jubilee of party happy is brief following statement of'T'he a is complete party without Christmas No it as equally such, be must As A the project for for 194041 theme gift gifts. of inexpensive an exchange A disbeen. the other events have joyfulWe all is the fun, department. urge there Scout are hunt so so and much many We slip like this to see Jubilee away, Year

it. doing of ways in to leaders join to Scouts encourage

it growth so and brought has much a. tried "Spider the you Have Web?"this interesting idea. project theme to of happiness. think must ways is is cord We parcel long a hidden and Each of Project Biography Theme—year. the the of retain enthusiasm in attached. cord This and out winds and Forefathers. Scout's Pioneer

furniture, carpets, gets under and mixed and Refreshments: the Project: to write Scout Every strings the other from tangled with coming together our here heads with So go we incidents story or of one some more in places. other ends parcels other The plotting. of the old planning and Some life greatof his or grandthe from all tied the of string at the together are will the us. help of Christmas numbers Era

girl time; proper takes each an and to end -parents. or story grandparent The for cookies, recipes year's lira us Last gave

it string. follows her must wind She up 1 least,000 not at overbe 500 words and etc. balls, will candies, popcorn want We as she are the entanglements goes. Manywords. find to will them. of use them some You

all for Parcels are merriment. causes and in 740, the prizes, and 1939, of Era, piece page each December a Boy Ten

to are a brought place they given where back this in February, 100, 1940, Era, and page kits, as Scout such equipment mess opened. jolly 743. there that round page Then was etc., will axes, knives, the given be by b. placed Parcels about be on and may strip apple, cotton Santa, an from made stories best for tenGeneral the Board tree; the has each number. Christmas a front, the center the around and marshdown

girls the are registered Scouts. Like passedsubmitted numbers draw and by Boy cotton head with put on with mallow wig

tree find the the to stepping a to number, up stories the in to are to turned All be picks, for cloves tooth eyes and and mouth one. parcels matching unwrapped Have district, stake, of the Committee Scout front, raisins buttons the nose, and on down

at time. one a will mission. committeeor read for This legs picks tooth arms. and

c. of series Parcels a found be by may

all stories select to best the and two directing Decorations: for notes guest, each from Table them

send on to the Scout Committee of the If you live where evergreen cones are place to place and note to note until finally

General Board, 50 North Main Street, available, take a hike some Saturday afher gift is found.

Salt Lake City, on or before Boy Scout ternoon to gather some. The large ones (Concluded on page 756)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

Mutual Messages Missionaries in the North Country (Concluded from page 755) (Concluded from page 730) Wednesday afternoon I was privhere is a dry cold, and it is much easier ileged to attend my first Relief Society

What Can We Make? to stand than at home. I believe there meeting, and I enjoyed it very much.

Hot dish holders, dish cloths, cork hot is less sickness up here than in most The day was devoted to the theology dish pads, plaques, skirt hangers. places outside. lesson and testimonybearing.... It

truly a spiritual meeting, they fine was and certainly week. have had a We for recordblank report Notice: A are of grand group I. a full first There women. got into meeting A. The M. Jubileeing the has the of events Year

first fourteen at present the were meetsocial gala with swing a Wednesday stake. sent to every hope youbeen We

.. ing us. not the counting of is start night. two to our grand a. This it it return towill able compile and be

is just the beyear but Mutual work cottage have had some good We General theto Board Y. A. M. I. W.

It is officers ginning. to the and up during the meetings now past couple of first theOffice of December. by We teachers something us to it have and for weeks, find to and is wonderful peois thrillfeel this report that going to be

ing. You will want your stake reprethese people every Wednesday night ple who are searching for the truth.sented. that will make them want to continue We are indeed fortunate to have the

Thank you for your cooperation and to come out. If we can only keep a privilege of laboring as missionaries for

steadfastness to a worthy cause. few of these young people out of the the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattersaloons and pool halls we will be acday Saints. What joy and lasting satiscomplishing a great deal of good. We faction it is to see the joy the Gospel

want to try to keep all of the fine young brings to those who live it completely.

people here supplied with good, wholeHow unimportant are the things of men some entertainment. We have a real when we compare them with the things

job ahead of us, but I feel sure we have of God....

some fine people to help us with this Sincerely your brother, work. Elder Lester Hewlett, Jr.

POCATELLO AGRICULTURAL ACTIVITIES ( Concluded from page 727 The Elders'Quorum in Pocatello someone else to work in their stead. 5th Ward has produced a quantity of

They did a total of 855 manhours of fine Idaho potatoes.

work; fifteen nonmembers did 105 manIn the Pocatello Third Ward, a

hours of work. The brethren of this member of the Elders'quorum had beEAT MILKWHITE EGGS quorum, who are mostly farmers, begun the construction of a home, but

lieve in doing the Lord's work first, then became seriously ill and was taken to their own afterwards; on October 4 and the hospital. After many weeks he

FOR VITAMINS—M I M ERALS 5, before any of them had harvested was able to return home, and imagine

their own beets, they turned out, pulled, how surprised and happy he was to topped, and hauled these beets, refind that his brethren had, during his

The egg is a treasuresource of ceiving 140.48 tons, 15.61 tons per forced stay in the hospital, completed

minerals... of vitamins... of acre. Their actual cash outlay for his home without cost to him, thus

seed, etc., will be $58.75. This will bringing them all together more closely

protein! Eat eggs for your vitagive the quorum several hundred dolthan ever before.

mins... your minerals. Choose lars which can be used to help rehaThe other three stakes in this region bilitate some worthy members of the—Bannock, Portneuf, and Idaho—have

"Milk White"Eggs for their high quorum, and in other ways enable the done some very fine work in our agri-

I cultural in which and welfare work a lasting way. to do good standard of quality. They come brethren

later. I than to report Falls hope feel more through In our American Ward,

from scientifically fed and cared the agricultural committee's efforts ever the importance of this agricultural for chickens. The best you can thismanyyear.fine gardensSome ofwerethe grownbrethrenduringhad A.committeeWidtsoeworkof which,the Quorumas Elderof Johnthe

buy, and they cost no more. Ask never grown gardens before. Results Twelve said at our banquet of regional

your grocer for them! vegetableswere abundancefor food,of goodboth wholesomefor themworkersing the Octoberat Hotel TempleGeneral SquareConferencedurselves and their more unfortunate of the Church, "is the most important

brethren. part of the great Welfare work."

'Milk White"Eggs are used in all M. I. A. Cooking Schools REMEMBER THE DAY

( Continued from page 723 Aims'. He only lives a mile from

UTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS'the Inn straight down the highway."

I was busy at the office all "Well—don't stay away too long.COOPERATIVE ASSOCIATION the next day making final reports, Bingo's going out with us—the more

and it was seven o'clock when I the merrier I told him."

dashed back to my hotel room. The "Okay,"I answered and hung

telephone was ringing when I went up.

in. It was a snowy Christmas Eve,

"Merry Christmas,"said Phyllis. but my little roadster slushed along

"What time do we start?"the highway at forty miles an hour.

"Soon as I can change—maybe "Bill, I love it—I simply love it,"thirty minutes—say, I nearly forgot Phyllis caressed the brilliant bracelet—I'll have to leave you at the party on her arm. "I'll bet it tops all the

and make a call down at George other gifts."There were hard glints

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

in tried half a There for the living em. I've was a light had weREMEMBER THE DAY

lifted this,"into house Aims'to squeeze room hour of George he when in her eyes that matched the bril- I knocked at the door twenty minutes a red suit trimmed with white cotton liance of the bracelet. later. Then a patter of feet rushed from the chest by the window, "but I

The box with the locket in it was toward the door and a child's voice can't get it over my shoulders in still in my overcoat pocket. She and said, "Oh, Grandpa, maybe it's back nor across my stomach in

Bingo kept up a chatter all the way Santa Claus!"front!"

to the Inn. We could hear the music Heber Dixon, Sue's father, opened I met his kindly old eyes. I knew

a block away. the door for me. He had Betty in that he was asking me to play Santa

"What a night for a party!"his arms and Bertie was in back peerClaus for the kids. What a laugh!

Bingo's enthusiasm was contagious. ing between his legs. He squinted I wanted to turn and dash back to

"And the moon,"echoed Phyllis at me through his spectacles as I the party. But Heber was talking

in the same tone, "and the stars stood in the shaft of light from the again.

how bright they are! Maybe we'll hallway. "Mother and Sue will be mighty

have a moonlight waltz!""Bill Holling! Come in, my boy, disappointed. I'd sure like to do it

"Um-m,"said Bingo and gave come in. Aren't you lost out here?"-—might make things a little easier

Phyllis a wink. "I've brought some things out for for George and Martha if they knew

"Hurry back, Bill,"Phyllis said George,"I confided with a knowing the twins were having a nice Christgaily when I let her out of the car wink. "Too late for the delivery."mas. How about it, Bill? Will you

with Bingo. The rhythm of the Heber grinned. "Oh, I see. do it? It will only take about an

music was inviting. I wanted to go Mighty nice of you, Bill. Come on hour."

in. I could hear the crowd inside. in by the fire—I'm getting the chil- I don't know why I said yes. May-

"What's important enough to dren ready to take over to my house be because I kept seeing Sue's brown make you miss this party?"asked for Christmas Eve. Here, Bert, you eyes, maybe because I wanted to

Bingo. take Betty and play in the kitchen a make someone happy, maybe be-

I hesitated. I could take the doll minute while I talk to Bill."cause I kept thinking of Martha and

and the train to the twins tomorrow. Heber and I stood by the fireplace George up at the hospital

It wasn't my fault because Santa in the big living room. His voice I told some of this to Heber while

Claus came on Christmas Eve! I grew serious. "George took Martha he helped me into the red suit and

decided to stay put with Phyllis. I up to the hospital this afternoon fastened the false beard across my

had planned on this party for weeks. haven't heard a word since. But smooth chin.

As I put my gloves into my overcoat then she's all right—Martha's a "Yes, Bill,"he said with a fatherly

pocket, I felt the box with the locket brave girl and she wanted this baby pat on my young shoulder, "Christin it. for Christmas. Sue and her Ma are mas makes us feel that way. Some-

"Come on, Bill,"Phyllis tugged at over home decoratin'the tree for the times it's a new birth, a fresh start;

my elbow; "let's dance."twins. But,"Heber stopped and sometimes for us older folks it's help-

I looked at her. Her gold sandal looked up at me, "we haven't got ing young ones find the right road;

was impatiently tapping out the mu- a Santa Claus now George has gone. but over and above all it's a feeling

sic and her mouth was a sulky pout. He's played Santa every year since ( Concluded on page 758

My eyes took in the rest of the crowd in a quick girls, glance—glamorous and sparkled in theirwho glittered

colored evening gowns like gems in in theira jeweler's window; the boys

offeredblack white tuxedos a "WHY, THIS IS and fitting background for their bright colors. perexcitement of A hum ABOUT ME.'"gaily the dance decoratedmeated

hall. The beat and throb of the says Elsie, the Borden cozv

music was reflected in the sparkling excitement in their eyes. A gay Yes—whole books could be

party! written about the care and

thoroughness of the Borden JtoR a second I stood there system of quality control.

closed around handwith my the On the farm, at the plantvelvet face box. Sue's flashed be-

"If the slogan is same:—thefore in hurt look her eyes me—the

it's to Borden's, be got her don't the it's wordsand know: "You

meaning of Christmas—not even good."

why we remember the day. ChristSo look for the Borden St. Charles label.

isn't just havingmas a gay party!"Buy several cans of this fine evaporated on, Bill,"Phyllis tugged "Come

at me again. "We're wasting mumilk today. It's irradiated with vitamin D.

sic! "I can't stay,"I said impulsively, putting on "I have an my overcoat. A if iv$73on&Hif Utaherrand. Bingo."dance with You ProductI left her and went out into the crisp IT'S GOT TO BE GOOD

winter night.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

REMEMBER THE DAY THE (Concluded from page 757) and took the pack off my back andDIJNEat of love and kindness that comes with dumped it by the tree. There had

Bill, to it you, I don't when mean to that around everyone with a gift—Mrs. PETER Christmas—but here I am preaching been presents for all in it and I ran all. at think do way you Now, Dixon, with face a sweet like an old

there's enough stuffin'in the front cameo, looked at me with whimsical PAN of the suit?"eyes, and Heber's face was crinkled

Gafe /\ few minutes later Hewithholdingsmiles.on toThemytwinslegs. ranI withstoppedme

GOOD FOOD ber took the twins and left in his car. in front of Sue. Her hands were

AT POPULAR PRICES I was to follow in my roadster. clasped and her brown eyes were soft

old I Dixon a hill. like The on home candlelight. was the her handed

it like look a sugarTHE ALL AMERICAN CAFE The made it. velvet snow locket in the box with

224 South Main Street coated castle; holly wreaths tied with "From Santa to Sue—with love,"I

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH huge red bows were in the lighted said in a husky voice.

windows. I saw Sue open the door "It's perfect,"she answered softly,

for her father and the twins, and I putting the locket around her neck.

had a glad, warm feeling down inside Her smile was like starlight.

of of me. THE a part Christmas I was ADVERTISERS perfect—now,"I clear it shook and me down and Where You Will Find to my said."Everything is

I heels to I realized able when was Their Messages the rang, Then door bell a and spread a little love happiness and on Alexandria Hotel. 709 later in. second breezed George His I felt like living, Christmas Eve. a Hotel 767 Ambassador

American President Steamship breathing part of everything. eyes were beaming and he was whisLines 708 Then it was my turn to go in; I tling like a kid.

751 Beesley Music Company "It's a boy,"he said, rocking back the stomped porch on the and made Beneficial Life Insurance Co his heels. on bells "Martha jingle shoulders around sends Merry and my Cover Back

Bluhill Cheese Company 743 I could hear the patter of little feet Christmas to all of you...."He

Borden's St. Charles Evaporated and Sue's rippling laugh, and her stopped in surprise when he saw me

Milk 757 Brigham 760 mother said, "Land sakes, it's Santa in the Santa Claus suit. "Well, Young University

Continental Oil & Refining Co 765 Claus!"Santa!"he roared for the twins'benDaggett & Ramsdell 742 The door opened and I ran into efit, "I am glad you got here."

Deseret 738 Book Company the I twins I,"room. grabbed The warm said "So with a tender am Deseret Press 766 News legs of with shouts "Santa, for glance Sue. my I don't get "I hope Eastman Kodak Company 761."

.. Santa,"to lost scrambled over and again. we Everett Piano 750 Company

Farnsworth, Dewey 705 the big Christmas tree. I put the "Not a chance,"he grinned, "with

Globe Grain and Milling Co huge cardboard cartons on the floor a girl like Sue."

742, 762 Hall's Canker Remedy 760 Hovey Press 762 Co., International Harvester Inc—709

Inside Cover THE WAY TO STOP SMOKING Back KSL

L. D. S. Business College 764 ( Continued from page 72 1 won, and he ceased at once to smoke.

Landes Tractor & Equipment Co...763 the instant inconvenience or distress is His enemy was slain.

Lankershim Hotel 705 The experienced symptoms when a his resorts quickly cigar to Fuel 761 experienced, Mountain Supply Co first of the drug torenounces this again, of devotee of habit cured must be.....760 Nichols and Company are bacco strange sometimes so and surrender. easy must allow not He of Culture..709 Beauty Ogden School

Par Soap Company 743 himself to be bound hand and foot in intense he feels alarmed, but he may be

Peter Pan Cafe 758 hopeless bondage. He must learn to assured that the symptoms do not indiPurity Biscuit Company 740 fight the battle for freedom. By this cate danger to life but are only the reCulture....765 School of Quish Beauty of turn narcotized to nerves normal selfcontrol the reacquire he means may

Fire Extinguisher Comet Co...765 Red sensibility, reaction will a which soon resist to temptation and needed power Baking 765 Royal Company if cease not find retreat delayed to a by to his recovery permanent. make

Stores, Inc Safeway 759... relief indulgence. by Sanders, Sue 743 first this, diaccomplish he must To clearly should have conand He California Standard Brands of 762 his for favorite vest longing himself of stantly before his mind's vision a eye of California Oil Standard 705 cigar creating picture of mental a by evils of the the wrought smoke by Summerhays Music 750 Company

is that cigar the as destroying a demon brain, Engraving heart, blood, Utah 762 upon blood demon Co

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co 761 his life, to subdue which he must rally vessels, liver, kidneys, and every bodily

Utah Metal Mining Industry every resource he possesses. structure. He should think of the high

Inside Front Cover wit, the Charles famous pressure, When disease, Bright's blood anOil Refining 741 Utah Co a noted smoker, that he found Lamb, pectoris, gina insomnia, preapoplexy, Pro. Poultry Utah 756 Coop. Assn the or use of renounce must the weed senility, mature emasculated and man- Z. C. 707 M. I

be in the hands of the undertaker, he hood which are likely the consequences wrote "Farewell to Tobacco,"which of continuing the smoking habit.

began, "For thy sake, tobacco, I would By training the mind to think in this die."anything but do yielding channel, the to never once CfjrtetmasSot whiffs, take "to not few a humorist, great American The Mark temptation subscription. Send an The ERA ERA enough to any harm,"and always do the circumstances, under same "will for Twain, send a gift one card to each

whom you subscribe. more wisely created for himself such holding tobacco before the mind as an

(See Coupon on page 710) a vivid picture of his cigar as his most implacable enemy, a hideous fiend, a venomous enemy that the battle was ( Concluded on page 760

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

To Utah Farmers The cattle business in Wyoming is big like the land—it Organized in 1873, the Wyoming Stock Growers Assorepresents an investment of 65 million dollars. Men who ciation is one of the oldest stockmen's associations in the

think big run this industry. Oldtimers in the business. U. S. It has played a leading part in creating two of the Experts at cattle raising. Their voice is heard through the country's present great livestock organizations—the Bufamous Wyoming Stock Growers Association whose secrereau of Animal Industry of the U.S. Department of Agritary, Russell Thorp, I interviewed to bring you this story. culture and the American National Livestock Association.

Your Safeway Farm and Ranch Reporter

CATTLE HISTORY HAS BEEN MADE IN WYOMING

Russell Thorp got his first real job as me. "Open ranges have almost disap-

a horse wrangler—then moved up to peared. Today cattle are wellfenced and

cowpuncher, wagon boss, range forebetter use is made of pastures and water.

man, manager. Finally he came to own These new methods have ended heavy

his own outfit and ran from five to seven winter stock losses, helped calf producthousand head of cattle a year. Elected tion and developed the highest quality

secretary and chief inspector of the of beef feeder cattle. Nowadays WyoWyoming Stock Growers Association in ming ships feeders to nearly every cattle1930, Russell Thorp sold his ranch in feeding state in the U. S. They're even

order to give full time to his new duties. taking our feeder calves now—84,000

"Cattle raising has changed a lot in 1939 compared with an average of since the old days,"Russell Thorp told about 17,500 annually a few years ago"

A "worked over"brand (see below) is here inspected by Mr. Thorp. This continual watch for brand changes, to check

cattle rustling, is one of the big jobs of the Wyoming Stock Growers Association.

teafe Juicy Sfeak,,.W "The first market inspection system of

cattle brands was originated by our Association in 1884,"Mr. Thorp told me.

"Cattle stealing was then, and still is, a curse of the industry. To date, our inspectors have recovered over forty million

dollars worth of estray cattle"

II Hill

"By promoting the sale of quality beef numbers of cattle that ordinarily would

Safeway helps stockmen and consumers,"have been held for further finishing. It

Russell Thorp points out. "People will looked like the price would be less than

eat more meat when they can count on nothing. Then a producerconsumer beef

getting a really tender, goodtasting cut campaign put on by Safeway and other every time. And Safeway's meat adverchains all over the United States let stocktising encourages stockmen to work for men get out without serious loss. I am

quality production, which in the long run greatly impressed that Safeway's beef means a better return to producers. drives are not accompanied by price cut-

"I remember particularly the situation ting. In many cases they have actually

in 1934, a year of terrible drought. Our resulted in a strengthening of the cattle

stockmen were forced to market great market during and following the drive"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940 wmmmmmmtmwrmmrmmr THE WAY TO STOP SMOKING (Concluded [com page 758) cure is to be found not in the use of a devouring fire which must be extinnarcotic drug, but by adding spinach, guished, a mental barrier may be creparsley, yeast, and other rich sources ated which will serve as a wall of deof vitamins to the diet.

fense, and, in the majority of cases, the Suggestion Six desire for the drug will quickly disapHHhe extreme nervousness, often acpear. companied by sleeplessness, which

Suggestion Two results from the disuse of tobacco in

T is a great help to change the encertain cases, may be very certainly t I vironment and the occupation for a relieved by a very thoroughgoing use short time, to escape so far as possible of the neutral bath. This is a full bath

from the conditions and influences taken at 92 to 96 degrees F., just warm

Educationally speaking, winwhich automatically suggest the habit; enough to be comfortable. It should

ter is "harvest time."In this that is, to escape from association with be continued fifteen to thirty minutes,

to longer, if necessary, even much smokers pipes, spitor and "makings": period, young men and womsleep. produce a disposition to toons, ash trays matches, and even

en seek intellectual and social every association which suggests smoke The warm neutral bath may be apgrowth which will fit them for or smokers. An outing, automobile plied with great success at any time

life's activities. trip with nonsmoking associates, any as a means of relief for nervousness,

sort of outof-door excursion, will irritability, and other depressing sympAt Brigham Young University, serveand energizeto divertthethebodymindandandsilenceto refreshthe bacco.toms whichThe followbath relievesthe disusetensionof andtostudy opportunities are at their clamoring of the nerves for the accusgreatly promotes the elimination of the

best in the Winter Quarter, with a tomed indulgence. nicotine, which carries with it relief

wider choice of courses than at any from the nervous symptoms of chronic other time. Students may also enSuggestion Three nicotine poisoning, a condition in which

joy a rich cultural program of draCtimulants of all sorts must be disthe tissues are sensitized to the drug, along the carded tobacco. with Alsometimes deto a very extraordinary operas, mas, concerts, and

evils and cohol gree. are tobacco and twin each

hear such notables as Ethan Colassists of in other the which enslaving Suggestion Seven ton, Tito Schipa, Overstreet, Harry destroying the and body. Alcohol cold excellent morning bath is 'T'he an

Ernst Wolff. SteeleClovis duet, dilates the vessels blood and tobacco the of condition combating means

P. Robert Coffin, Tristram Kirsten contracts hence, them; drug one is in a "tone,"of of exhaustion or lowered

Flagstad, Sir Norman Angell, and certain sense an antidote for the other which the patient becomes conscious the Belgian Piano String Quartet. and creates a demand for it. on discarding tobacco. Cold water

Suggestion Four is one of the most powerful of all known

Tt is likewise important to discard tonics. When applied to the general

WINTER QUARTER stimulating foods, such as mustard, surface of the body, it sends into the liver, brain spinal cord, stomach, and ginger, peppersauce, hot and 21 pepper, January 6 -March vital of organ, every and a fusillade all spices kinds. sauces of and These

vital impulses nerve act as a which all effect create to the LEADERSHIP have a nerve WEEK stimulus.

tension alfor causes a craving which 2731 January cohol as an antidote. Even flesh foods Suggestion Eight

should be avoided for a similar reason, "pREE water drinking is of very great because of the tension created by the value in cases of this sort. Three

uric acid in meat. Tea and coffee quarts of fluid should be taken every

BRIGHAM YOUNG veryshouldmarkedbe discardedand injuriousbecauseinfluenceof theof taketwentyfoura little everyhours.halfAhour.good planIt mayis beto

is taken, it should be sipped very slowly. UNIVERSITY caffeine, whichSuggestionis a nerveFivepoison. taken either hot or cold. If ice water

Orange, tomato, or other fruit juices

PROVO, UTAH /linical there is experiencea certain remarkablehas shownantagthat withmay bebenefit.used instead of plain water and

onism between special foodstuffs and toHSMMMaBMMMXBMMi bacco. This is particularly true of carTobacco Antidotes Harmful

bohydrates, that is, starch and sugar, TThere is no drug antidote for tobacco especially as found in cereals, potatoes, A which is not as bad as the tobacco and fresh fruits. Milk, when frequently itself; but rinsing the mouth with a solull\f USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS taken,Patientsseemswho toare havetakinga thesimilarmilkeffect.regitiongrainsof tonitratethe ounce,of silver,temporarilytwo or threedeAids in treatment of Canker, simple men quickly lose their desire for tostroys the taste for tobacco, and so

sore throat and other minor mouth bacco. The same is true of the fruit lessens, if it does not entirely destroy,

and throat irritations. regimen.... the craving for the drug. When the

In numberless cases the writer has craving occurs, rinse the mouth with a seen persons who had thought life unspoonful of the solution and seek some

Hall's Canker Remedy endurable without tobacco made endiversion for mind and body. A cap536 East 2nd So. at Salt Lake City, Utah tirely comfortable without it, and withsule containing onehundredth of a

out strong craving for it, after three grain of nitrate of silver, with a small or four days of biologic living and quantity of sugar, has been used with physiologic treatment. some apparent benefit. The capsule

is defiavitaminosis, in dissolve or to allowed a chewed and No doubt,GLADIOLUS frequent permission Abbreviated, of vitamins, the mouth. HULHS ciency be a by may $3.70 per THOUSAND irritability of the from cause magazine, Health nerve which June, Good(

calls for soothing smokes. The real 1940.)SL* NICHOLS and COMPANY SIT

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

Impressions of Timpanogos From England Now on Demonstration having a recent made loop, theFor Mother Afteraround Timpanogos trip Here—the New

late of England, wrote his impressions (f/s.s)

father to his England, KODAK 35 in Bournemouth, - Sift Frank S. Wise, of Salt Lake City,

who, never having beheld the reality, of Ease, Beauty hasrepliedneverthelesswith the caughtfollowingthe spiritverse andon and Economy "Autumn Leaves":

EMERALD, lingering in effort heroic;

gold, fluttering in splendor in the Kitchen! barbaric;Flame and

Bronze and brown, lying in grandest humility;

Purple mists clinging in softest tranquility.

So, in life's autumn, come tenderest memories

Shaded like these:-

Sombre brown hues of sober reflectiveness;

Bronze of strong effort, and solid things done; Passionate flame of warm, clinging rememWITH COUPLED brances; Bright golden days of entrancing expecRANGE FINDER tancies; Lingering green of still great opportunities; ONLY $4750 purple of affections cloak well won. Warm

Iridescent Pearls, Rainbow Hues, Setting Sun. EASTMAN/STORES

INC.

Gently the raindrops descend on our rev155 SOUTH MAIN STREET eries, 4-1828 Telephone THE NEW trees Fringing the Lake City, bitter tears for our failures, With and numSalt MAGIC CHEF berless; Utah

Forming a screen for that bright arch of

Bidding us patiently the wait for measureless AUAmerican hopefulness, Radiant heralding dawns, new days begun.

Bournemouth, England. Nubudy CanGAS RANGE S. J. J. Wise.

beautiful the most It's probably Christmas, 1940 Stop LOSS—

it's built ever built. range And

(Concluded from page 736) just as 615 cooking experts "Blessed are are they which wanted it. ment.

persecuted for righteousness'sake,"He Everybody Can

Roomy all around... big oven, said.

broiler and topi Burners light What can one person do to stem the Avoid It Through automatically. Red Wheel heat tide of seeming disaster? Goethe made

control. Loads of clever laborthe statement that if everyone would IIVSURMCE

savers. keep his own dooryard clean, soon the

whole world would be clean. If each of

Big warming space under broilus would in our hearts resolve this er pan. burners spaced live wide Christmas Top time to the teachings by

here come you When of Christ, utensils. the soon 12inch for four world would whole enough

it, get you insurance living Christianity. be be for would Each platewarm- disappearing Two

ing shelves. Extra high backloving to his family, considerate of his coupled with attentive,

guard, to protect wall. And neighbors, kindly to those less fortunate experienced service. This

is himself, forgiving of the Utah of those and an agency other aheadof-thetimes than many live him. abuse to acwho As Co. Fire Insurance we try Home features. teachings cording to the of Christ, we

See this new AUAmerican should remember that if, one in a crowd,

Learn range. the adding to you we sum do right we are can have one howinstalled—foreasily

of righteousness throughout the world. the finest family Christmas

gift imaginable 1 As we celebrate the Christ's birthday this year we should therefore dare UTAH HOME FIRE to do right,MOUNTAIN FUEL opposition. whelming even in theWefaceshouldof overhelp INSURANCE CO.

families right that our to do we may HeberJ. Grant & Co. SUPPLY COMPANY right living through our of examples Agents General Salt Lake—Ogden—Provo believe others encourage Christ's to

Serving 23 Utah Communities teachings and live according to them. Salt Lake City, Utah

—M. C. /. J

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

Joseph Smith VMM! THESE ARE THE (Continued from page 717)

BESTTASTING PANCAKES at the fourth table, including children and household. my YOU EVER MADE! LET'S interesting anecdotes were related Many

HAVE THEM OFTEN IF IT'S by the company who were very cheerful, START NOT TOO MUCH and the day passed off very pleasantly.15

TROUBLE The guests left about six o'clock.

A rather unusual type of recre- [\K*&>, ation was the "woodcutting bee"

WHY, IT'S EASY TO MAKE held at the Prophet's home on MonBUTTERMILK PANCAKES day, February 20, 1843. It served

the dual purpose of supplying the 7 MINUTES WITH Prophet with a fuel supply and also

GLOBE "At"of giving the seventy brethren who

PANCAKE FLOUR! attended some recreation. They

I split, and piled up G H T sawed, chopped, R a large stack of wood in the yard.

"The day was spent by them with is ALL YOU DO pleasantry, good humor, and much add liquid to make..,"13 feeling. si J><."%, delicious buttermilk

pancakes. Globe"Al"Joseph Smith was also interested

Pancake Flour contains lots of in boating as a means of recreation buttermilk already mixed in. and amusement. On June 2, 1843,

he became half owner of the steamboat, Maid of Iowa. The next day,

a Saturday, he recorded: "This

morning, I, with my family and a large company of brethren and sisGL0BEA1 ters started for Quincy, on a pleasure voyage on the steamboat, Maid PANCAKE of Iowa, had a fine band of music in there at attendance, and17 arrived about Later on that one p. m."9-1 FLOUR

same summer on July 15th, "At six p. m. went with my family and about

one hundred others on a pleasure excursion on the Maid of Iowa, from ASK YOUR GROCER FORthe Nauvoo House landing to the north part of the city, and returned

FLEISCHMANN'S HIGH VITAMIN YEAST'at dusk. A theatrical performance18

in the evening by Mr. Chapman."

Helps supply the vitamins you need. Start now to eat 2 cakes 'This modernday prophet not every day.

only favored music, drama, boating,

ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS athletics,approved dancingand parties,whenbutit washe conalso place and in ducted in a wholesome cherry, orange, strawberry, Seven delicious flavors—lemon, Christmas, good company. On pineapple, raspberry, Gelatin for Royal Salad lime. And use

salads, appetizers and main course dishes. 1843, Joseph Smith had a party at

his home. He wrote: "A large

ROYAL PUDDINGS party supped at my house, and spent the evening in music, dancing, etc.,

Three with wholesome arrowroot. Made flavors—Chocolate, cheerful and friendly a most10 delicious Vanilla and Butterscotch. Also make homemade ice in another manner."New Year's On cream.

party was held in his home at which until dancing there music and was ROYAL BAKING POWDER in his private morning. was Joseph

The only nationallydistributed baking powder made with cream room with his family and a few speof tartar. Dependable and economical. cial friends.

So interested did the people of -It 'M l—IINauvoo become in music, that the

"Choir of Singers"presented a peof tition of Regents the to Board PROGRAMS DMCE I TO ORDER MADE OfFER WE for the size shape, prices. or at design the University of Any low Nauvoo We COMPLETE A styles have choose you from. Write many may "Professor SERVICE and of a appointment ENGRAVING prices. for samples and

to Portraits Largest ]I the Missionary From 100 Tickets for $2.50 $1.25—500 Catalogues

252-3. Vol. Ibid., V, p. I Attention Prompt Mail Orders Given

Ibid., p. 282.

418. 17Ibid., p. CO. ENGRAVING UTAH HOVCY 510. laIbid p. Phone 3-0G17PRESS——-II St.i HI"SaltII LakeII—'!City, --=—H 'i—-II——Vol. Ibid., VI, p. 134. Utah|i—j 25 East Salt Lake City North Temple |Ml—MI——II113 Regent

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

Joseph Smith moredren andattentionyouth tothanthe itrecreationhas in theof past,its chilfor joyful,and beautiful.and civilizationSocial religionitself moremust humaneseek to

other agencies numerous development. for their social are its22 competitors workcontrolin socialthis sociallypleasuresconstructiveso that direction.they willWardens in the Department of

of the University in theMusic 20 City And Professor Ellwood substanThus Joseph Smith and the Morto constitute a boardof Nauvoo,"for the regulation of music in the city. tiated Gillin's viewpoint by writing: mons made a unique contribution to

life sponsupporting and group by petition Gusadopted and wasThe necesare most amusement and Play early recreation as soring play and them, in professor things Hills our social life. sarytavus Upon named was

with B. S. Wilber, Stephen H. Godnot less than upon serious work, the whole as the first part of the nineteenth

civilization been higher of has Smith must be century. Yes, Josephdard, Titus Billings, and John Pack structure

... built. to bereason There good outstanding of the as considered oneas wardens. crethe mastered lieve that have when weis recreation the leaders in modern latent in forces play and ative amusement,

Smith.Debating was another recreation education will be easier, social life more movement. Joseph encouraged by Gillin,

23Elwood, JournalJ. L., of"TheSociology,SociologyVol.of 19:833,Recreation,"May, that American he recorded as 1835,As early

1914. N. Y The C.MacmillanA., TheCo.,Reconstruction1923, p. 265.of Religion,

he attended a debate at the home of his brother, William. By 1842,

they had developed into regular affairs in Nauvoo, for the Prophet wrote of Friday, February 4, 1842:

"In the evening attended a debate.

At this time debates were held weekly, and entered into by men of the first talents in the city, young and old, for the purpose of eliciting truth, knowledge,acquiring and21 improvspeaking."Here is in publicingexpressed the ideal of improving DEFENSE

one's talents through proper recreational pursuits.

Thus it is clearly observable that for the nation and

Joseph Smith not only approved play and recreation, but he also encouraged them. He was in favor of

boating, debating, dancing, drama, interest, too!

picnics. In fact, your ownhiking, music, and

under his leadership, the basis for all of our modern Churchsponsored recreational pursuits was established. He was indeed a leader in

the recreation movement, particularly as it affected the Church. His "Caterpillar"is playing an imporprogram in this respect antedated

that of most church groups by many tant role in building air, naval and decades. ground defense bases for the United We have presented two pictures,

one of Joseph Smith and the early States.

Mormons, and the other of the gen- 'eral churches and their ideas regardLikewise, "Caterpillar'can play an century. nineteenth in the ing play

advanced? The important role in defending your more wasWhich

wide acceptance of recreation by own interests... your own profits.

answer. is the today churches most

out this fact is borne by soHow? By supplying you with deAgain

ciologists. Professor Gillin, in pendable, efficient, lowcost Diesel

1914, wrote:

power.... play is needed very much in the

church.... Healthful recreation is absolutely essential to the proper development

of our young people. Commercialized

it too with will none much provide agencies TRACTOR and it, if agencies other of quality the respect to do not.... If the church wishes to hold EQUIPMENT CO.

social their its to develop people and young SALT LAKE CITY it iginfluences, cannot life the best under nore the recreation of its young people. LANDESDistributor of "Caterpillar"Diesel Engines, TrackType Tractors, Road Machinery

The church of the future must give much

Times and Seasons, Vol. 3, No. 5, January 1, 1842,

p. 653.

History of the Church, Vol. IV, p. 514.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

GOLD PLATES IN PERSIA "L. D. S. TRAINING PAYS!"(Continued from page 715) that we came to this ancient city.

will of Ormuzd I sapped the foundations of We had hoped to get there early in the temples of the deiuas, and I comthe afternoon, but some projects I that should the deivas not manded shipped. the deivas worshipwas Where

after dark. that arrived so we ped, I them worship with us made Ormuzd

the this exalted. other things sorry because There were A Gift of Rtam be worhad to look over on the way delayed not were But we

ill done and these I put right. This is gave us an opportunity to see the

what I have done. I did it entirely by the remains of this great ancient palace will of Ormuzd. Increasing Value Ormuzd aided me until I had finished this first by the light of a full April

work. moon.

O thou who wilt come later, if thou thinkest I wish to be happy in life and in The magnificent columns with death, I wish to belong to Rtam, I walk in their deep shadows and the broad has which been established by the way leading steps seemed up the palace worship together with and Ormuzd Ormuzd all the and impresmore enchanting exalted. the Rtam,

The man who walks in the way estabsive because of the subdued light.

lished by Ormuzd and who worships During succeeding days we had an exalted, the together with Rtam, Ormuzd in in death opportunity to examine in detail the life, and will be happy that man will belong to Rtam. great stairs with their historic carvSaith Xerxes the King: Ormuzd will ings, the remains of the open courts,

guard me from evil as well as my kin and the impressive doorways, and, most this country.

This is what I crave from Ormuzd and interesting of all, to look into the this will Ormuzd grant to me. holes from which the stone boxes

with their precious records had been

This later inscription is of interest taken.

because it gives for the first time a list of the provinces of Xerxes'emThis experience makes it much pire, and, what is even more imeasier for us to visualize the stone portant, it mentions a matter of box with its gold plates taken from which all record had been lost, Cumorah. It is interesting to note

namely, the successful suppression that the Persepolis records were deby Xerxes of a revolt against the posited soon after the time when

Zoroastrian religion. Lehi and his family left Jerusalem

and many centuries before the Book

Tt will be remembered by students of Mormon records were buried.

of ancient religion that ZoroasIt was a great pleasure to inspect trianism remained dominant in Perthe modern developments in the visia until the Mohammedan conquest cinity of the ancient city of Persein the seventh century A. D., when polis. In my official duties there, No finer gift—that religion became supreme in most I was called on to assist with the

than increased ability, of the Near East. problems of a recently erected sugar

greater earning capacThose who desire to connect factory near by. I also examined

ity, a better chance to the reign of Darius the Great with irrigation structures that were being in the vicinity of the great the installed the Bible read account should win life's battles. ancient irrigation furthat works Daniel, sixth of the chapter book of

which, among other things, says: nished water to Persepolis and its No better school—vicinity so many centuries ago. The It pleased Darius to set over the kingfor training young men dom an hundred and twenty princes, dam of this great irrigation system

and women for the which should be over the whole kingdom; on the Kor River was made of cut

presidents; three these over And of whom stone, piece each of which weighed

first: that princes the business world. Daniel might was tons. ancient strucThese many the king them, give unto accounts and

Write today for information should have no damage. tures were long since destroyed by

Then this Daniel was preferred above invading armies. In looking over

about the ideal gift for the presidents and princes, because an the damage wrought by earlier milispirit in excellent him; and the was your son or daughter king tary invasions, I could not help feelthe realm. to set him thought over whole

an intensive, practical ing the same hatred for war that we course here. It was our privilege to see the all feel today when we read of the

tomb of Daniel near the ancient city destruction of many of the finest of Susa, which was the winter capcities of the modern world.

ital of Darius. The satisfaction felt in helping to

After having seen these gold and restore to production some of the

L D. S. BUSINESS heran,silver plateswe werein gladthe museumwhen myinworkTeareasful butthatwhichpreviouslyhave longwerelain sounused,fruitas Adviser to the Government took was heightened by the opportunity

COLLEGE usof toPersepolis.the vicinityWeof thewantedancientto citysee wethesehadancientof comingrecordsin whichcontacthelpwith:to

the very holes from which these make more real the scriptures that Salt Lake City, Utah stone boxes and plates were dug. It have been restored to us in this

was on the nineteenth of last April modern day.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

The Editor's Page (Concluded from page 713) Latterday Saints; no people have

ever had the manifestations of the kindness and mercy and longsuf- fering of God that have been bestowed upon us and I say we, above all men and women upon the earth, should live Godlike and upright lives. That God may help us to do

so is my prayer and desire, and I ask it in the name of Jesus Christ.

Amen.

Evidences and Reconciliations [Continued from page 737) should see the face of Jesus, but he was unable to determine from thiswhether or not it referred to the >2&>final coming of the Son of Man (D. 0/bn

& C. 130:1417).

In view of such information, attempts to fix the exact date of the coming of Christ are futile, useless, and contrary to the ways of truth.

Those who try it are impelled by a spirit not of God.

general of reducing The futility is ROYAI, times or places to exactprophecy well illustrated by the famous visions of Daniel. It is conceded that

the stone that broke the image to FRUIT CAKEpieces is the Kingdom of God; but

is interminable has been andthere historical kingdoms the as todebate jd fiwuL Sood, J/zAiel d $i#L and meaning represented by the gold, silver, iron, and clay portions Anyone on your Christmas list would be delighted of the image; the horns of the to receive a Royal Fruit Cake. It's full of good thingsbeasts; the thousand, three hundred—choice pecan nuts, raisins, citron, orange and

and five and thirty days; and the lemon peel, glazed cherries and pineapple... all

several other statements of Daniel. the tempting ingredients that belong in a properly

It comes in 1, 2, 3 and 5-pound(See the Book of Daniel.) Hunmade fruit cake.

dreds, perhaps thousands, of books sizes, attractively packaged.

have been published and tens of Order now from your grocer thousands of sermons have been preached in the attempt to interpret Royal Baking Co., Salt Lake and Ogden

Daniel's prophecies. It has been a 100% Homeowned—100% American

fruitless effort, at best a doubtful conjecture. There remains only the

general meaning of these gloriousvisions: that righteousness will triBE NoINDEPENDENTOther Vocation so Profitable

in its battle with evil.umph!! ENROLL NOW condition disturbed present The is FIRE! propof wise Thousands declared on For a Complete Course at the fire erty against crusading areAR with owners impelled has theof world many to W

look for prophecies relating to the last days. Several such compilaQuish School of Beauty Culture RED COMET lives Protect property equipment. your and The Best in the West published.tions Quotabeen have nice day, but be Tomorrow a may TODAY.

336340 S. Main, Bldg., American will of buildings destroyed thousands be and the leaders oftions are from made

lost. lives of other dozens Some ACT NOW! SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH dispensations. of pastpresent, as late! too Write: time be may

Further For Information these statements read,Carefully or Cataloa Call Inc. COMET, RED reto prophecies the nothingadd 4-0313 or Littleton, Cy, Building, 7G7 Colorado Red Comet in Fill books. sacred our incorded This The or

specific, toattempts make them Coupon J. V. NELSON predict as -to* any country'ssuch 403 North Ninth West

(Concluded on page 767) Salt Lake City, Utah Dial 4-0213 U

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1940

SOLUTION OF NOVEMBER PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword PuzzleTaking The Census "Take ye the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel, after their families, by the house of their

H Y E s L A L a fathers, with the number of their names, every male by their polls."-Num 1:2. K $

i I D V H o A o L A N M E s T D G M Y J u $S u N p E D K R 3

M E T> K N E N D A $

i S ft A N N M 1 $ 8 -R D 1 N A N C E S Si T N K E E V E R KS> ft e $ w A L K & T H E -R E l N $ A n c A T s

1 p$ T* E D % T V D $i AM M $N T HA s R E & 1} ft& Y u R &ft G d $$NO. 3

y/ J flew!

Jis'Convenienf!

nexpendwe IMA WHA T? ACROSS

Our New, Convenient, Inex- 1 "But... truly... I live"36 The end of summer

pensive readymade Binder 3 "and these are... names"37 Town in Alaska

for keeping your IMPROVE- 6 He ordered the census to be taken 39 "Those that were numbered of...'

... Israel"of thousands "heads was born too soon to be 41 9 He readily accesERAS MENT

fathers"of their. house "by counted 43 of sible with a minimum... the "According.. commandment'44 Regions 11

trouble. 13 King of Bashan 45 Old Testament book

15 "he..., and it stood fast"47 "And they rose... before Moses'

durable, are These binders personified Indians Truth 17 Algonquin 49 51 shall surely die in the...'seen that attractive, "They in Eden 19 Measure and so made

is that the shorter than Raises "For 55 20... issues can be whole year's a

it'stretch himself taker census can 22 Official on a man kept, issue conveniently by Isaac's... shall they they encamp, "as by Well dug 24 Gen 56 men

issue, ready for immediate set forward"26: 20

reference. 25 "as... was commanded"57 Father

26 "And he said, Hear now... 58 "the house... his fathers"

And the price is only $1.25 words"59 Where one census was taken

per binder! 2730 Punishment"more than can be..."Our Text from Numbers is 1, 3, 6,

See them in our display win3334 OneFormer(Scot.)ruler 58,15, and22, 24,59 combined25, 30, 39, 41, 43, 51,

dow, No. 8, South Main

Street, or call at 29 Richards DOWN

Street, for full particulars.

1 Jewish month 29 "For all the promises of God in 2 Painting on dry plaster him are..."

4 Part of a harness 30 Old Testament book 5 His family was numbered in the 31 Barren soil (Scot.)

plains of Moab Num. 26: 36 32 "And with you there shall... a

6 Robbers man of every tribe"7 New Testament form of Hosea 35 Author of "Uncle Tom's Cabin"

nacle"Variety 40 Star in Sagittarius 42 cUJederet V ewA 89 "toBalaam... the work in the taber38 "... were they numbered of him"had a famous one

10 "I count all things but..."46 Ancient Egyptian deity

12 Printer's measure 48 Hebrew letter found before verse... 14 Fuel 129 in Psalm 119 p.redd 16 The dahlia was named for him 50 His descendants were counted in

29 Richards Street 18 Feminine name the census

Salt Lake City, Utah 21 Recaptured 52 Artificial language 23 Tree 53 A thing Prompt Attention Given to 24 Weight of India 54 "So is this great and wide..."

Mail Orders and Inquiries 2627 AssembledAn imaginary being in peril 55 "Moseswhich andare Aaronexpressedtook these... theirmen

28 Entrance names"Evidences and Reconciliations (Concluded from page 765)

downfall in the present war, or to identify certain presentday leaders with prophetic personages, are unjustified and misleading. d

Even more dangerous is the attempt to connect some isolated

Bible passage with an historical event or structure. The statement AMBASSADORby Jeremiah (32:20) that the Lord

"has set signs and wonders in the HUB OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA'S GREAT land of Egypt, even unto this day,"has been made to refer to the great pyramid of Gizeh, near Cairo, Egypt. As a result, the pyramid has 7.

been measured innumerable times, inside and out; the steps in the passages have been counted; angles

calculated; and every item thus secured has been correlated with

some year in the world's history.

Thousands of volumes on the subWITH IT'S 300 GALA ject have been written, with as many varying conclusions. A difENTERTAINMENT EVENTS

ferent starting point in measurement, or an inch more or less in the measure, sets up an entirely new series of comparisons. The great "* il 113 1:

is structure.pyramid an interesting

It may have been built with some \tiisxMMjkmJmn K;i;s';iiSll

symbolism in mind. But, there is no

good reason as yet to tie it into divine prophecy. timewasting Such j ppursuits, leading should nowhere,

be avoided.

In conclusion: Prophecy may

interpreted be ENJOY this Great Hotel's M that the extent only to it implies within its own statements 22 Acres of Play!

that it shall be interpreted. If a Crystal Pool and Cabanastudded Suntan

is indefinite respectprophecy with it isto certain things so Beach—Golf and Tennis—Miniature City probably

intended. It is always wise to read of Smart and Fascinating Shops—Motion

and practice that which is clear and Picture Theatreand the World Famousunderstandable, and to leave the dim and mysterious until further prophetic revelation is received. Ilk

all ofOccultism, darkand manner selfRENDEZVOUS OF LEADERS OF SOCIETY to often leads tooness, whichdeception, are unacceptable to LatAND STARS OF STAGE AND SCREEN terday Saints. We concern our6V2 Easy Minutes from Los Angeles'Fiselves is clear only with that which of the reach easy..Within Center. nancial

understandable. that uand know We to glamorous next door Pacific and blue the increasing of time progresswith

light will come, as we may have Hollywood.

thatneed. Moreover, we know we f Ideal headquarters for turf enthusiasts who will time valuableshould our not waste

and energies on remote and doubtfind Santa Anita most accessible during the 47 ful matters, but rather direct our racing days from December 28.

efforts towards the study and practice of the clearly stated principles in theof Gospel conduct embodied Wilshire Boulevard 3400 OUTSIDE - Vice President

California isof the Los Angeles, Jesus Christ. That Director 1 ROOMS direct AandE.BENTONManaging

method of obtaining light and WITH BATH truth, the goal of every Latterday FROM

Saint.—/. A. W. $roo

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY other network programs you may have on the air? I am sure

all your members in the mission field would appreciate it.

that it is in the faith, adjective, orderly which means is an Your sister word The Elihu Mrs. is R. Jones. pronouns. nouns used or was orderly,"to modify "He

correct because the adjective orderly modifies a pronoun, he. R. D. 3, Wolcott, New York.

"They behaved in an orderly manner,"is correct because the - adjective orderly modifies the noun manner. But using the

word orderly in the following sentences is not correct, since Umbilo, Durban, here it is used incorrectly as an adverb: "March orderly"or Natal, So. Africa.

"Conduct yourselves orderly."Dear Sir and brother:

have been taking the Era ever since I joined the Church, as <$> I it is the next best thing to going to Salt Lake. I get all the

ANONYMOUS LETTERS Churchanything andpertainingauxiliaryto thenewsChurch.from it,I loveand theI amGospel,interestedand thein

is regret that I carried had only Church. on by the My get them. E And we have had

I lived really I did. it years before only heard of have our wastebaskets made worknot

large them. enough to accommodate since. w

-$- Charlotte M. Hancock.

Venice, California. -$-

Editor, Improvement Era.

Preston, Idaho. I direct the to asked again campaign was Era Recently

all like them..Era, and have tried many of the recipes in the we I this it if I'd for said Stake. Inglewood year do it was the I Cole. E. Mrs. Gwen leaders citation this the of desire winners double again to be

year; if not, I did not care to do it. This is to notify you to go $

right ahead with our plaque with two seals on it because I'll THE BIBLE SAYS SO it. there be to receive

Thankfully yours, 44 A merry laugh doeth good like medicine,"someone has

E. J. Sorensen. said. Elder Glen Myers, in referring to Elder David

-<$> Madsen, with whom he labored in the mission field, said that

Talmage, Utah. after Elder Madsen (who is "pleasingly plump") had left

Dear Brethren: a certain town, one of the eatinghouses had had to close its

T think the "Do You Know"column in the Era is the finest doors. Elder Madsen jumped to his feet immediately, Bible

this in his Proverbs: in verse defense from hand, submitted and for the I curiosity it is * "waker imaginable. upper"think so

trust his in the for that putteth he shall Lord, "Blessed is he I in fact, that good, of have small a number posters made fat."be made parts using of this column. I place the these posters around

Church building, in class rooms, in store windows, and other Submitted by Flo Whittemore, Ashton, Idaho.

conspicuous places. <j>

Sincerely brother, your Arlin Potter THE EYE OF WOMAN R.

Moon Lake Stake Era Director. Bystander: "Did you get the number of that car that knocked

-$- you down, madam?"

Victim: "No, but the woman that was driving it wore a

Los Angeles, California threepiece tweed suit, lined with Canton crepe, and she

Dear Brethren: had on a periwinkle hat, trimmed with artificial cherries."

"Onclosed you will find a money order for two dollars and *—'I am happy that I will soon have my Era. I just can't A WELLKNOWN BRAND

it. I to receive wait that think every missionary... should Proprietor: of those another Station "Here comes Gas

in brief his an have case, Improvement Era as other well as customers."IWW literature, of Bible, Church Book other Mormon, and Church Mechanic: "IWW?"books. could place subscriptions They their investiwith Proprietor: Information, wind, Station and "Yeah. Gas

gators. could prepare their of short talks They and many serwater."

mons with material taken from the Era; and in a short time

you would find—an Improvement Era in every missionary's SO UNYIELDING

in home, of their the home investigators, and also in the home Dude Ranch Guide: "How do you feel, Madam, after your friends of the of these investigators.

that ride horse?"on just Let illustration. me give one you Several months ago Fair "Feel? Guest: goodness, I never thought anything My I held cottage in meetings apartment, also in the the of home my

filled with could so hard."be hay A. husband, The Mr. of O, was a the Church member

his wife interested, fine not even people. but—inactive; Mrs. C. ATTACK AT BOTH ENDS could not grasp of the meaning of our Book Mormon. However,

sult—first,at each meetingthey subscribedI gave a talkfor withThe materialImprovementfrom theEra,Era.and secRe- Why,Dentist:I haven't"Stopevenwavingtouchedyouryourarmstooth!"and making faces, sir!

ond, Mrs. C. has been baptized into the Church. Patient: "I know you haven't, but you're standing on my

Sincerely, corn."

Tillie G. Mosely. MODELS FOR THEM TOO -$-

Dear Sirs: Mother (to little girl who was sent to the henhouse for eggs):

jpLEASE renew my subscription starting with the September "Well,Little dear,Girl: weren't"No, Mummie,there any onlyeggs?"the ones the chickens use * number.

I want to send you my thanks for your wonderful magazine. for a pattern."

I live office, miles the nearest 35 from branch Palmyra, namely it find to attend hard and very meetings forward FEAST AND FAMINE often, so I look with great pleasure to each Era, and I only wish it came twice a "A moth leads an awful life."

month. "How come?"

May I suggest that you make a notice in the Era the month "He spends the summer in a fur coat and the winter in a before you have your "Church of the Air"program or any bathing suit."

CHHISTMAS 1940

In the universal spirit of the

Christmastide, when wandering

thoughts come home, Radio Station

KSL joins in wishing you a truly joyous holiday season. We share

with you the hope that our peace

and our faith will long continuethat in each waking hour of every

day all of us shall find a spark of

that spirit reborn each Christmas

Day. KSL 50,000 Watts 1130 Kilocycles %m now U

When sudden tragedy strikes the home, to rob it of its breadwinner, fortunate the family that is covered with a friendly mantle of life insurance protection. See

your Beneficial representative today.

. Grr $<M late