**a>-. '

*. TK li

K-'PBl**"Obituary HPi: IH

Edward H. Anderson tv

JUNIUS F. WELLS and

DR. GEORGE H. BRIMHALL

Iteifirl Fourth International lypiJ Conference Boy Workers 13 $ %1 oscar a. kirkham 1 wm

Summer Work for Boy Scouts Stories—Theprof. Secretj. h. paulDivulged—

Lung Power carter e. j. johnston VKI grant—h. MzJta Or

Creattve Expression JBfeL:

claude c. cornwall

> MON rm Y BY FHFW:mL MJH

H R I S T \*rt>i\ *0&-> SPECIAL WINTER EXCURSION FARES via Southern Pacific Lines TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILYFINAL RETURN LIMIT, EIGHT MONTHS

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

DjJGarments

at prices direct from factory to you for Ladies By ordering: garments direct. For Men

No. you save agent's commission 81—Flat and thus Weave.vo get better quality No - *—Ribbed

itzo less Light No. money. Wgt Order by 81—Ribbed

Lt. and aend Wgt buat meas- 1.2* tornumber as—Ribbed No ur'height and No. 88—Fine weight—we 1JM* ixtraaswa Fine""- fit. guarantee the Quality Cott0n

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE 70 Mala St., Salt Lake City

"Oldest Knitting Store tn Utah"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

RETURNED MISSIONARIES Ami Other Ambitious Men Are iiMittll ll> join our School for Salesmen Mini rum while they Irani

WE SELL "COMPLETE PROTECTION"INSURANCE

All In one Policy Mf,—Accident—Health—Disability—Old \k>- Incouu—

Write to WILFORD C. BRIMLEY,

Supervisor of Agenclei l tab—Idaho—Arizona—New Mexico

NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE CO. OF THE U. S. A.

Suite 302 McCornlcb Building—Salt I..-ike CItJ

NOTICE

To M. I. A. Officers and Members

J'/ie Improvement Era—Show your appreciation of llie new and enlarg d magazine by helping to increase its circulation. Send in your subscription now. if you

are not a subscriber.

Manuals—We still have a few Junior and a few Advanced Junior manuals. Tins

will not be reprinted.

GENERAL OFFICE, Y. M. M. I. A.

17 East South Temple—Salt Lake City

You Equip Your Church But Once If You Buy a Good Line

We have sold the American Seating Company line for thirty years. It's the best on

the market.

Buy your Church Pews, Opera Chairs.

Portable Folding Chairs, Kindergarten

Chairs, Office Equipment from

UtahIdaho School Supply Co.

155 SOUTH STATE WASATCH 6135 We Sell the A. B. Dick Mimeograph

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE. UEXTIOX TillIUPROVF.MF.XT ERA

is This Worth $10 toYou!

No Work Necessary—Just a Few Moment's Time

You surely know of one or more of your friends who intend buying pianos or other musical instruments or who would buy if they were properly approached on the subject.

NO WORK NECESSARY.—Just send the name or names to us.

If they buy a piano you get $10. Commissions proportionate on

other instruments. Your name not mentioned unless you wish. Get

busy now—no matter where you live.

Names MUST Be Turned in BEKORH Sales Are Made

NAME ADDRESS WANT

YOUR NAME YOUR ADDRESS

DON'T FORGET TO SIGN YOUR NAME

JOSEPH JDAYNES PRESIDENT

"OLDER THAN THE STATE OF UTAH"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

iIMPROVEMENT ERA MARCH, 1928 Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor Melvin J. Ballard, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of 'the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Portrait of Edward H. Anderson - FrontispieceMY STAR. A POEM...Edward H. Anderson 359

Edward H. Anderson Elder Junius---.....E. Wells and Dr. George H. Brimhall 361

fourth International Conference Boy workers

Oscar A. Kirkham 365

BE Ye THE SALT OF THE EARTH. A POEM Helen Kimball Orgill 370

WORK AND WIN Dr. Richard R. Lyman 371STEADY THOU MY HAND.-----A POEM Bertha A. Kleinman 375

RELIGION THE ANTIDOTE OF CRIME Elder Melvin J'. Ballard 376

RELIGION AND THE BOY - Dr. Thomas A. Beal 17

REVELATION. A POEM - Lamont Johnson 385

Formations Rather Than Reformations Dr. F. S. Harris 386

A Challenge to Leadership - - - Dr. E. E. Ericksen 388

God Knows Best. A Poem - John T. Home 392

Three Eagle Scouts in One Family. Portrait - - - 393

Summer Work for Scout Troops and Others - J. H. Paul 394

GET OUT OF DOORS. A POEM - - - Edgar A. Guest 399

Creative Expression. Illustrated - - Claude C. Cornwall 40

To Fit the Scheme Sublime. A Poem Bertha A. Kleinman 402

Monuments that Endure. Illustrated - Harrison R. Merrill 403

B. Y. U. LEADERSHIP WEEK - - Dr. Joseph S. Amussen 406

LIFE. A POEM Lowell Biddulph 407The Secret Divulged..-.-..A Story - Carrer E. Grant 408

The Seed of Love. A Poem - George J. Fox 410

Lung Power. A Story H. L. Johnston 411

- M. Charles Wood 413The Song of the Cricket. A Poem

Messages from the Missions, illustrated - - - 414

A Supplication - David Archibald 421

Prest. J. Heber GrantEditors'H. Anderson.... 422 Table—Edward

General I. A. - M. Board of Respect 424 Resolutions

MY TRIBUTE Susa Young Gates 424 - - Linnie Fisher Robinson 425 OUR DEPARTED EDITOR....

Books 425 Priesthood Quorums 426 EXPERIENCE. A POEM - - - Ida R. Alldredge 427

Mutual Work 428 ATTAR. A POEM - - - - - A. C A. Dean Hewer 444

Passing Events 445.........

Entered at the Post Office. Salt Lake City. Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 7/0i, Act of October, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City: SZ per annum. Address: Room 406 Church

Office Building.

EMENTS

Aside from the pause we make to give will be many besides our regular subreference to the memory of Edward H. scribers who will want a copy.

Anderson, our late associate editor, and to

Do you read the advertisements in theeulogize his many admirable characterjust take a fewistics and accomplishments, this number of Improvement Era? Now

moments and read each one, both in the the Era contains several interesting, instructive articles on the subject of helpfront and the back of the magazine; you

ing the boy. The theme is expressed in are very likely to find something that

Executive Director Oscar A. Kirkham's appeals to you individually. These are

report of the Fourth International Connot only market places, but sources of inference of Boy Workers; and various formation regarding dependable products. The Era is very careful not to accept thephases of it are treated, in the articles that

follow, by Dr. Richard R. Lyman, Elder advertising of anything that it cannot

Melvin J. Ballard, Dr. Thomas A. Beal, heartily recommend. And to those who have products to advertise, we can as

Dr. F. S. Harris, Dr. E. E. Ericksen,

Prof. J. H. Paul. Articles by such writheartily recommend the pages of the Era,

ers as these, we feel, should have a Churchthe readers of which buy unstintingly, and as are as dependable the merchandise you thought the merit appeal, and shouldwide sale. for the have adEra pages for Try of large family of ourand consideration

results. vertising

readers; and these articles particularly are

of special importance to both the adult / see by the first issue of the new voland the youth. ume that an enlarged and yet more important Era has gone forth for our peois eagerly looked for We are planning for the April number ple. * * * The Era

of our magazine a treatment, in several by the missionaries of this land, and also articles, of the theme recently expressed by those laboring on the continent. Dr.

by the First Presidency of the Church, in James E. Talmage, mission president. 295

their published question, "Can This Be Edge Lane, Liverpool, England.

True?"The query referred to the reThe Improvement Era in its new dress

ported indifference, locally and abroad, tois really a beautiful magazine, attractive, lawlessward the observance of law—to cleanlooking, and of the most conthe of crime.ness, graft and The aim venient type. ought to be compliYou

shall Era Improvement of thenext number mented. December has so number The

be to point out the responsibility of many good things in it that I will pass it of andcitizens, the Church members both on to a couple of my friends. Dorothy with their to themothers, that comes C. Retsloff, San Diego California.

franchise; the responsibility also of those

to office. elected appointed and "Hearts"instead of page "tears."—On the attorney, jury, the judge, a of the February the 306 of the Era. number—thewho arewitness, the police, the sheriff, etc.,—in typographical error occurred in Prof. J. E.

observing the law themselves, as well as Hickman's article, "Apostrophe to the in applying it, for the safeguard and welOcean."In the third paragraph the author

fare of society. These articles will be compares the "briny deeps"to the "tears

prepared by men who write interestingly of sorrowful women."In the setup.

and who understand the status and sacredhowever, the word "hearts"was inserted ness of the law, both of the land and of instead of "tears."Now read the paraGod. Watch for the April Era. There graph again, but in its proper meaning.

My Star

When yet a child I scanned the sky.

And, from the twinkling hosts on high.

I chose a star in heaven.

And never yet a star shone brighter.

With lustre lighter.

Since then my days have grown to years,

Which oft have burned with bitter tears,

As oft with peaceful pleasure.

But how my star glowed like an ember,

I yet remember.

Oft gazing on the pinedecked hills,

Far o'er the willowshadowed rills.

I watched its early rising.

Its sparkle, to my childish thinking.

Seemed merry winking.

So happy days and years sped round:

The Gospel light, my star, was found

On each returning evening A guidance that I might not falter

On Duty's altar.

But as all suns that ever shone

Have hid in gloom, so with my own

In dark and storm it vanished.

Though tears and torments friends may sever.

'Tis not forever.

My star, like fire, shall rend the clouds.

Shed daybeams o'er night's dismal shrouds;

With sweet returning glimmer, Dispel the darkness of this sorrow.

Make glad the morrow.

E'en now the dawn breaks from afar!

Hail! Gospel light, my childhood's star!

Haste on thy glad returning!

Leave thou my faltering footsteps never!

Shine on forever!

Edward H. Anderson.

Edward1858—H. Anderson1928

Associate Editor of Improvement Era for nearly thirty years

Improvement Era

Vol. XXXI MARCH, 1928 No. 5

Edward H. Anderson

By Elder Junius F. Wells and Dr. George H. Brimhall

INEdwarda looseleafH. volumeAndersonof typewrittencompiled, inbiographicalhis orderly,material,characteristicElder

fashion, the evidences of a remarkably active, industrious, useful life; modestly revealing aspirations of the noblest quality, and an

ambition to succeed worthily, by "the patience of hope and the labor of love;"as the Lord should lead and the Almighty direct his progress, from childhood to the grave. There is so much of this material,

though but a moiety of his life's achievements, that it is not easy to select and compile, within the space allowed, even the salient points of his busy career of constant effort, of almost incomparable devotion to labor, of sublime triumph in overcoming difficulties; winning

the applause of his fellowmen and, at last, the welcome plaudit of

Him who hath the right and power to say: "Well done, thou good

and faithful servant. * * Enter thou into the joy of thy Lord."

Of the earliest conscious period of his life, he writes that he was born on October 8, 1858, in Billeberga, Sweden, and when only five and a half years old was on his way, with his parents, on the long and unknown journey to Western America. The company they

traveled with, comprising more than nine hundred emigrating Latterday Saints from Sweden. Norway and Denmark, after reaching

Liverpool, early in April, 1864, were packed into the wooden sailing vessel, royally named, The Monarch of the Sea. After six weeks of

turbulent rule of the waves, the Monarch, with its precious cargo, arrived at the port of New York. Combining a devious railway

journey through Canada, on account of transportation dangers in the States, caused by the Civil War, with delays on the border, arranging for the overland journey across the plains, nearly three months had elapsed before they set out for the valley of the Great

Salt Lake: "Day after day progress was rfiade and many exciting incidents, and ups and downs, were experienced, until finally, on the 15th day of September, 1864. the lad

and his parents landed on Emigration Square in Salt Lake City. Ox teams had carried

362 IMPROVEMENT ERA

them over the plains. Much of the distance had been traveled on foot by the boy, and

many instances of heroism that happened long remained in his memory. One day

a stampede of the oxen, caused by a buffalo herd, sent the wagons scurrying over the trackless "plains. It happened that the boy and his folks were in one of the wagons

which stopped, just as the team was about to go over a precipice. But luckily, the

fall was avoided. One of the lad's duties was to gather the tentpins every morning,

as the tents were taken down for the travel of the day."

His first two years in Utah he lived in Mill Creek and started to school to learn a new language. His first school teacher was

David H. Peery, a Virginia convert, who arrived the same year, after

losing all his property in the Civil War. His first school book was

a Webster's blueback text book for years and a precious speller—his

souvenir for life. After a sojourn of two years in Farmington, under

the tuition of Aunt Huldah Kimball, he and the family moved on to Ogden valley, late in 1868. There, for eight years, he lived the

life of a farmer's boy, herding cattle, working in the canyons, and farming; for seven years fighting the grasshopper plague, which

about devastated the valley of its crops and nearly starved its people to death. During this period, he was a student of his spellingbook

and of other books and of the Bible. He became so proficient

that, at the age of sixteen, he assisted George Hall in teaching the school at Huntsville. It was then that he was encouraged, by Charles

Wright and Professor L. F. Moench. to enter the University of

Deseret as a Normal student. Finishing the Normal course, he became a teacher for three years in Eden, Wilson's Lane and Ogden.

Referring to his early reading of the Bible, Elder Anderson wrote interestingly, in 1913, for the Juvenile Instructor, from which the following is taken:

"Among the possessions father and mother took with them from Sweden, was a large Swedish Bible containing the Old and New Testaments and Apocrypha, with over five hundred illustrations. * * * These Bible stories'and rare pictures were

influence, aside from the pious teachings ofthe inspiration of my childhood—and no

my sainted parents, ever gripped me to stay, as did the contents of that good book.

I own it now, and hold it a most precious gem among a thousand others a rich legacy, old, yellow and withered though it is. In it I scrawled my first signature, and

I spelled my name Adward, doubtless because the 'E'in Swedish is pronounced A.'

'From this good book I learned that God is a personage, in form like a man; that he

made the sun, and the moon, and the stars; shaped the earth, and is the cause of

all that is. * * *

"The text which describes the first day of Creation never quite satisfied me in the

English version, because the thought in the Swedish language seemed a thousand times more impressive. To this day, I love the literal translation sealed upon my

mind in my early childhood. * * *

"My faith may be stated in these words:

"God is like a man.

"God is all powerful, all good, and all righteous.

"With God nothing is impossible.

"God hears us when we pray to him.

EDWARD H. ANDERSON 163

"It wc live to please God, we will be permitted to return to hi9 home, to dwell with him and those we love, in eternal happiness.

"Somehow I gathered these ideas from the stories of the old book, and my belief in them is just as clear and strong today as in those early years. Other stories

in the same good old book linger prominently in my mind, and have been, to a great extent the means of shaping my thought and character."

Briefly stated, Elder Anderson's activities after his period of school teaching arc enumerated in the following:

"In 1879 he entered the newspaper business, where he managed and helped in the business department of the Ogden Junction, and later in editing and managing the

Ogden Herald and Ogden Standard for ten years.

"He was superintendent of the district schools in Ogden for nearly five years;

superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. for a number of years, and occupied practically

every position in the priesthood, except that of bishop, in the wards in which he lived. He frequently visited every settlement in Weber county, in his labors as

stake superintendent of the Mutual Improvement Associations.

"In December, 1888, he became general secretary of the Y. M. M. I. A., assistant

editor and manager, under Junius F. Wells, of The Contributor, a position he occupied

for two years. In September, 1890, he was called to preside over the Scandinavian

mission, which he did to the satisfaction of the authorities and the people, for some ihing over two years: in the meantime, editing the Danish and Swedish Church papers

of the mission. In 1893 he was elected city recorder of Ogden. which position he

cccupied for six years. He was elected a member of the House in the fourth Utah

State Legislature, in November, 1900. In the spring of 1901. he was nominated

by President McKinley and confirmed by the Senate, SurveyorGeneral of the state of Utah; and for nearly five years held that position.

"In June. 1899. he was chosen associate editor of the Improvement Era, in which

the past twentynine years. He was chosenposition he has functioned ever since—for

secretary and treasurer of the General Board November 1. 1905, and acted until 1907;

then again in July. 1909, and acted until October, that year. He was a member

of the high council of the Granite stake for a number of years; and was later chosen

second counselor in the presidency of the stake, under President Frank Y. Taylor, being

set apart by President Hebcr J. Grant. He was chosen first counselor to President

Taylor on the occasion of the division of the Granite stake. May 24, 1924. and was

set apart for the position by President Grant the same day."

With a single exception, his was a record of the longest continuous editorial service of any writer in the history of the Church.

Of its quality, it could not be better praised than in the words of

President Joseph F. Smith, spoken by him upon a certain occasion, as

chief editor of the Improvement Era, when Edward H. Anderson

was his assistant and the practical editor. President Smith said: "I

do not need to read what Edward H. Anderson writes. I endorse it

without reading it, and know that it will be sound."At his funeral.

Elder Junius F. Wells added:

"That is my testimony also, concerning his dependability. 1 do not think you

will find any words that have fallen from his lips, or any words from his pen. of an

unsound doctrine or principle, or in advocacy of that which is wrong or unworthy.

On the contrary, his whole life's plan and purpose, his ministry, more especially in 364 IMPROVEMENT ERA

his writings, for he reached the multitude through his writings, was to inspire uprightness of character, integrity to the truth, valor in the cause of Zion and the upbuilding of a young manhood and a young womanhood, in the community of Latterday

Saints, that should surpass, in the admirable qualities, any other community on earth.

He strove most nobly for the achievement of these purposes."

Had it been possible for Edward H. Anderson to pursue literature exclusively, and give full play to the poetic trend of his mind,

he would have taken high rank as a poet, a maker of hymns, a. singer

of sacred songs. An example of this quality, "My Star,"is printed

on another page in this number. This verse was read at his funeral.

He had read it himself, a few days before, at a banquet in Provo.

Few men among the Latterday Saints ever attained a worthier distinction than Elder Edward H. Anderson. He took himself in

little Swedish boy, in a foreign land, andhand when a mere child—a

became almost selfeducated, selfgoverned, selftrained, selfdepend- ent; relying only and implicitly on God. On Wednesday evening.

February 1, 1928, he laid down his life peacefully, by the fireside of his home, in the sole companionship of his beloved wife.

Mrs. Jane B. Anderson, whom he married June 29, 1882, is the

daughter of the late Richard Ballantyne of Ogden, and is the mother of ten children; five sons and a daughter living. Three died in infancy and their son, Dr. David B. Anderson, was accidentally

drowned in Lake George, N. Y., at the age of twentyseven years.

At the funeral, Sunday, February 5, 1928, held in the Richards ward meetinghouse, the respect and admiration of a multitude of attending friends were feelingly expressed, by all the speakers; in

the sacred songs; in the comforting prayers uttered by Elders J. E.

Talmage, Hyrum G. Smith and B. H. Roberts; in the beautiful

tribute of flowers laid upon the casket and the grave.

President Frank Y. Taylor paid Brother and Sister Anderson

a glowing tribute, saying, "They were the perfect lovers; time has

sanctified happiness in their lives, and love and joy have increased with their age."

General Superintendent George Albert Smith delivered an appreciative discourse of perfervid eloquence, expressing, for himself and the great organization of the M. I. A., the admiration, confidence

and love, in which Elder Anderson was esteemed by all its members.

President Heber J. Grant, whose funeral sermon appears in the

Editorial department of this number, stated that he considered Edward H. Anderson's life the ideal type of a genuine Latterday Saint.

The summing up of his domestic felicity was comprehensively uttered in the admiring phrase of the one who knew and loved him best: "No better man ever lived,"

Fourth International Conference

Boy Workers By Oscar A. Kirkham

Fourth Intcrnational Boy Workers'Conference was heldTHEat the Edge Water Beach Hotel, Chicago, Illinois, November 28, 29, 30, 1927. The purpose of the conference was to

bring together, from all parts of the American continents, representative workers for boys, and representatives of business men's organizations interested in opportunity for inspiration, boys—an

recreation, and education.

A message from President Calvin Coolidge read at the opening of the conference gives further meaning as to the purpose of this gathering: "I can think of no investment likely to pay larger returns

for the social, economic, and spiritual welfare of our country than proper training of our boys. As in other fields, cooperation here will

increase the effectiveness of the efforts. The various organizations

taking part in the International Boy Workers'Conference are to be congratulated on the opportunities for real, patriotic service."

Judge James C. Cropsey, of the Supreme Court of Justice,

N. Y. C, said, 'We want formatories rather than reformatories.

What we need is agencies to keep the boy right rather than agencies to straighten him out when he goes wrong."

out of our great modern "To organize work of this kind—seek

investment all of the facilities that are stimulating, the inspiring rhings that are really worth while and that count, the best things in our civilization; to find, as far as possible, the individuals who

express these things, express them unconsciously, express them without poise, express them within their genuine selves, and then to bring these boys into natural relations with these men, is one of the most stirring, most challenging, most rewarding enterprises of which we can think."said Dr. George E. Vincent of New York.

"There is but one problem on earth, and that is the human problem. There is but one way to save humanity, and that is

through childhood."These two premises were laid down by Dr.

D. K. Kurtz in a Sunday sermon at the time of the conference

Because of the importance of the period of learning in childhood, the task of religious educators is great indeed. It is the supreme

task of the race. One need only remember that only one in every

100 becomes a Christian after 20 years of age, and only one in 1000 after 30, and that which applies to religion, applies in a like way to.

366 IMPROVEMENT ERA

crime. More than 90% of the criminals in state prisons today

committed their first crime before the age of 20. The tradegy of

Protestantism lies in the loss of children to the church. Today

there are 58 million persons in the United States who hold to no creed. Most of these come from Protestant homes. We thought it

was an old man's world, so we lost our children. It is well for us

to remember that the only real values are human values, just people, folks. All else is machinery. What good are our railroads, fac

tories, stores, industries, except they supply the needs of folks, and of these, children count most. No nation can be civilized and neglect

childhood and youth.

The program of the conference included the international leaders of service Kiwanis, Lions, Optimist, and clubs—Rotary,

also heads of national and international movementsothers,—and

established for the welfare of boys. There were present representatives from seven different countries.

President B. T. Jones, expresident of the International Lion's

Club, in his opening address, said that the purpose of the Conference was to make the coming generation the finest and best in the history of the world. The boy problem is the man problem. Men

who will stand the acid test of character. Boys need:

1 Christian leadership.

2. Exemplary parents.

3. Program that gives freedom for individual development.

4. Opportunities for many helpful and happy experiences in the great outof-doors.

Among the great national agencies studying boy welfare, Dr.

E. M. Robinson represented the Y. M. C. A., an organization with

more than one million members in the United States. He said

the great purpose of this organization was to create in young men a belief in Jesus Christ and his great follow his docmission—to

trines and teachings and to help others to do the same. He further

said that men may be afraid to discuss religious matters with boys, but boys are anxious to have religion discussed with them. "Let

the motive power behind the boy's action be a true Christian religion and it will endure. He quoted President Coolidge as having

aid, "There is no substitute for morality, character, and religious conviction."Only three out of ten children in the United States

are touched by any religious program.

A very interesting study has been conducted at the West Y, in

Cleveland. Ohio.

The question was asked of several hundred boys what subjects for discussion would they enjoy the most, (subjects in which

FOURTH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE OF BOY WORKERS 367

they would like help), and out of some 30 suggested, the following arc the first listed in their order of selection by the boys:

1. War, 4. Teamplay, 7. Jesus,

2. Honesty, 5. God, 8. Money,

3. Gambling, 6. Smoking, 9. Parents.

These young men took the following pledge:

"I propose, with God's help, to be manly in muscle, mind and morals, to be unselfish and helpful to others. I will, under all circumstances, stand for clean speech,

clean sport, and clean habits. I will encourage other boys to do the same."

James E. West spoke for the Boy Scout movement with its

threefourths of a million members:

"Scouting is a process of making real men out of real boys by a real program i hat works.

"Scouting develops character, initiative and resourcefulness.

"It trains for leadership.

"Scouts become good citizens.

"Scouting is a program of useful, attractive things for boys to DO in their leisure time.

"It is learning by doing.

"Any boy who has passed his twelfth birthday may become a Scout.

"When a boy becomes a Scout he takes the following oath:"'Upon my honor I will do my best—

"'1. To do my duty to God and my country and to obey the Scout Law.

"'2. To help other people at all times.

"'3. To keep myself physically strong, mentally awake, and morally straight.'"

The Boys'Club Federation reported an international organization with an enrollment of 268 clubs and a membership of 208,- 171 boys. Club membership in the federation does not involve any

financial or other obligations other than loyal cooperation in the interest of boys. The Boys'Club Federation promotes new boys'

clubs wherever they are needed; is a clearing house for ideas and

methods and plans relating to boys'clubs; issues helpful literature;

publishes a magazine on applied ideals in boycraft. Their headquarters are at 3037 Grand Central Terminal, N. Y.

The Big Brother movement, with headquarters located at 200 5th Avenue, New York, told the story of how thousands of business men and others located throughout the United States are serving the delinquent youth of the country as big brothers.

The Demolay Movement was represented. This movement

million membership; ownhas had phenomenal growth;—onehalf

their own headquarters'building in Kansas; operate on a onefourth of a million budget, and own two dormitories at state

universities.

The Jewish people's institute work was brought to the at368 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tention of the conference. One of their homes in Chicago is doing

a wonderful work for Jewish youth. They have established very

elaborate buildings and are conducting an accredited evening school, organized to meet an urgent need in the community. It offers the

complete high school program at hours convenient to the working persons and with rates of tuition within the reach of every one.

The educators are all professional teachers, among the most capable in the city. It is a cultural center. It offers lectures on music,

arts, and drama with a department for physical education. The

institute has organized a bureau of vocational guidance for the young men and women of the school who are undecided about their future and are not sure of their personal qualifications in any particular vocation or profession. This service is free. The same applies to

the employment bureau. Students who are out of work find the

employment bureau ready to offer assistance.

The Boy Work Program of the Knights of Columbus was also presented. Their boyguidance movement has been adopted under

four headings:

1. A graduate course in boy guidance at Notre Dame University.

2. The establishment by the order of a number of twoyear scholarships for

this course.

3. A 30hour course of intensive training in boy leadership.

4. The authorization of a junior organization to be known as the Columbian

Squires. "What does it profit the community if it gain the whole world and loses its own boys?"There are 8,760 hours in a year. A boy's year may be divided up

as follows:

Sleep 3, 650 hours Meals 550 hours School 1,000 hours Leisure time 3,560 hours

Leaders are urgently needed to guide the boy during his leisure time and to help him develop himself by following a properly selected program of activities.

The boy of today, between the ages of 12 and 18 years, needs the interested association and "palship"of:

1. Fathers not only of good intentions, but also well informed.

2. Upstanding men who understand him.

3. Men who can and will give him encouragement, sympathy, direction, discipline and example.

The Playground and Recreation Association of America asks these questions:

FOURTH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE OF BOY WORKERS 369

Why are there so many children killed and maimed playing in the streets?

Why are there several hundred thousand lawbreakers in the

United States?

Why are there 100,000 youngsters in our Juvenile Delinquency

Courts each year?

Why do 60% of our school children have physical defects which hinder their school progress?

Why do we have a disproportionate population in our institutions for the care of the mentally afflicted?

Why do we have underprivileged boys and girls and underdeveloped men and women physically, mentally and spiritually?

They answer, in part, because we spend more to keep a youngster in an institution than we do to give to him a place to play safely and heartily.

We spend more in a day for personal luxuries than we do in a year for public recreation.

We spend more for medicine than we do for physical education.

We spend more for cure than we do for prevention.

We live too fast in strenuous America and do not play enough to keep balanced and mellow.

We have achieved industrial development at the expense of living. "If we are to combat the vicious and pernicious influence that in certain places in our commonwealth are seeking to undermine our security, then we must see to it that our young men and women, as well as those of more mature age, are environed with influences that are helpful and stimulating.

"Anyone who is a student of our life today, especially in great centers of population, must reckon seriously with those antidotes that are designed to overcome and eliminate the poisons that, injected into the life of our people, destroy their loyalty, their patriotism and their moral and spiritual life."

The International feeling was made known when it was said that "youth today must not, cannot grow up without reckoning with the teaching of Mahatma Grandni, the Indian; Woodrow

Wilson, the AngloSaxon; Sun Yet Sen, the Mongolian; Lenin, the

Slav; and Benito Mussolini, the Latin. What a bewildering variety

is here! What challenge that such diverse types have 'made their

century.'What a fascinating study to find out who they are and

why they hold the place they do in the hearts of millions of youth the world over."

In closing this report may I suggest that we join with the

Athenian young men in saying as they said:

3 70 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"We will fight for the ideals and Sacred Things of the city, both alone and with many.

"We will never bring disgrace on this, our city, by an act of dishonesty or cowardice.

"We will revere and obey the city's laws, and will do our best to incite a like reverence and respect in those above us who are prone to annul them or set them at naught. We will strive increasingly

to quicken the public's sense of civic duty.

"Thus, in all these ways, we will transmit this city, not only not less, but greater, better, and more beautiful than it was transmitted to us."

Be Ye the Salt of the Earth Rise in your strength now, O children of Zion,

Hear ye the word of our God, Calling you forth from all worldly temptation,

Pleading, "Oh, cling to the rod."

Over the earth a dark cloud is now resting,

Satan unbound has his fling.

Urging his forces onward to battle.

Trophies of souls back to bring.

Pleasures uncertain are bubbles of sorrow.

Idleness surely brings woe;

Vanity's treasures are garnish as tinsel,

Through them no joy can you know.

Seek ye for pearls of heavenly value,

Rubies beyond worldly worth.

Up to your standards the Lord has commanded.

"Be ye the salt of the earth."

Raymond, Canada. HELEN KIMBALI. ORC.II.l

Work and Win By Dr. Richard R. Lyman, of the Council of the Twelve

and Assistant General Superintendent Y. M. M. I. A.

a girl tells of the country from who PARLETTERALPH office city. in a business in a great had She was employed

learned to work. At evening, when the time came to quit,

she went on working. They had to stop her. She was the only

girl they ever had to stop; the rest of them were selfstoppers.

This girl from the country, Parlette says, was so green that she was the office joke. She believed everything they told her, and it

is said they told her plenty. She made many errors, but never made

the same error twice. At every bump she learned something; and

she learned so rapidly that soon the other girls in the office began to ask her questions. The manager himself began asking her questions, and in a short time she was attending to practically all of

his correspondence. It is said, too, that those who had to do with

his correspondence had noticed a marked improvement in it. It was

not long till this country girl who knew how to work was placed in charge of the office. She was made superintendent. That is,

she had made herself superintendent.

Some of the girls complained, asking why Jennie, or some other girl who had been in the office so much longer, had not been made superintendent. The answer of the manager was: "We didn't

make her superintendent; she made herself superintendent; all that

we have done is to put a label on her in order to comply with the provisions of the purefood law. We are not conducting an endurance test here. Advancement is a matter of work and growth."

Recently I observed two young men working side by side.

One is a widow's son. To retain his position, he has to struggle,

for he must give satisfaction. The other is a rich man's son. If his

employers are not satisfied with him, all he will do is quit. Conditions do not compel him to give satisfaction. He may retain his

position, but he does not do his best. In the long run, he will not

win. "Pity the rich young man."Upon this text a leading lawyer

based his remarks at a chapel service for college students. He drew

a parallel between the life of the rich man's son at college and the life of the young man in comparative poverty. One is compelled

to work, the other has an easy time. The one grows strong, gets

development; the other comes up a hothouse plant. The one develops into the mighty oak; the other, into the frail flower.

372 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Roger W. Babson made a careful study of the lives of captains

of industry of the United States. He found that most of these

are the sons of farmers, and of preachers who have had to struggle in poverty. The record discloses that it is effort, it is struggle,

it is work that wins. Will it be an exaggeration if I say, "Fortunate

the boy who is born in poverty?"For nature will compel him to

get the development that will qualify him to be a power among men, a leader, perhaps, among captains of industry.

The young man must, of course, have something besides poverty. He must have intellect, real mental power, and ambition.

With these, his struggle for daily bread, for clothing, for education, will make him valuable and genuine.

Boys without mentality and ambition seem to find a sort of satisfaction in standing about street corners or sitting on the banks of ditches, rehashing unclean stories. Boys who lead these lives

cannot hope to succeed. Success, especially great success, comes

only to those who have clear vision, who look into the future, who dream great dreams, have great imaginations, and see ahead for themselves.

"The way to give a child a fair chance in life is not to bring it up in luxury, but to see that it has the kind of training that will give it strength of character. * * * It is a selfish and sordid

theory that the whole end of life is to 'taste a few of the good things.'* * * The life worth living must be a life of work

for a worthy end, and ordinarily of work more for others than for one's self."Theodore Roosevelt.

The rich man's son thinks of his fine clothes, is interested in styles and fashions, spends much of his time in attending social functions. The boy without money is not invited into society.

Perhaps he could hardly provide himself with the clothing required by modern social life. He therefore devotes himself to his books

and his work.

In great haste, at the last moment, the rich man's son comes to the son of the widow to see how to solve the examination problems. The widow's son shows him how to do the work, and the

latter, as an expression of appreciation, perhaps hands the young man a greatly needed two dollars.

Extreme poverty is a disadvantage. It is only comparative

poverty that compels the boy to put forth the effort that makes him a king among men, just as the oak is king among forest trees.

Who are the men that are finding solutions to the problems of our cities, our counties, our states, our nation, and even of the countries of the world? Not those who have been brought up in luxury.

They lack the power of concentration, the insight, the strength of.

WORK AND WIN 373

mind, the training, that enables men to bring a strong mental effort to their problems. It is usually the poor man's son, the widow's

boy, that has this strength. He has been compelled to get it by the

conditions surrounding him. His struggles have made him strong;

they have prepared him to solve difficulties as they arise.

Most of the boys who loaf are those who have been blessed with but one talent. Having but one, they have buried it in the

ground. When the Master comes, they will say to him:

"I knew thee that thou art an hard man, reaping where thou hast not sown, and gathering where thou has not strawed:

"And I was afraid, and went and hid thy talent in the earth;

lo, there thou hast that is thine."

The slothful servant offers back to his Master the talent which he had received. It is to him that the Master will say:

"Thou wicked and slothful servant, thou knewest that I reap where I sowed not, and gather where I have not strawed;

"Thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the exchangers, and then at my coming I should have received mine own with usury.

"Take therefore the talent from him, and give it unto him which hath ten talents.

"For unto every one that hath shall be given, and he shall have abundance: but from him that hath not shall be taken away even

that which he hath.

"And cast ye the unprofitable servant into outer darkness;

there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth."(Matt. 25:2430 )

Every child should be taught to help himself. Every child

should be taught to work. Every child should have his hands and

fingers trained to do things. Open your own eyes, look over the

whole world, and see if those who succeed are not those who have been trained.

Has Providence so designed the world and the members of the human family that the only thing in life worth while, the only thing that wins, is work? It is certain that a life of ease never produces strength. To produce the deeprooted oak takes adverse

winds, stormy weather, tornado and lightning.

Said a student to the old professor in the Engineering School, "I am not interested in mathematics or English; I want to learn

build and operate streetcars and toonly the practical things—to

understand electricity."In other words, the student was seeking an

easy road to knowledge. The professor replied, "Nature can make

a cabbage head in a year, but only in centuries can she make an oak."

Struggle, effort, battle with are what make conditions,—these

men. It is the toiler, the man who puts forth his best effort, that

374 IMPROVEMENT ERA

develops the muscle. It is the one who struggles that acquires mental

power. There is no easy road either to greatness or to unusual

success. The most brilliant have reached their stations by tremendous struggle. Before an assemblage of mothers at Washington

in 1905, Theodore Roosevelt made these significant remarks:

I "Inasmuch as I am speaking to an assemblage of mothers, shall have nothing whatever to say in praise of an easy life. Yours

is the work which is never ended. No mother has an easy time,

most mothers have very hard times; and yet what true mother would

barter her experience of joy and sorrow in exchange for a life of cold selfishness? * * *

"In bringing up your children, you mothers must remember that, while it is essential to be loving and tender, it is no less essential to be wise and firm. Foolishness and affection must not be treated

as interchangeable terms; and besides training your sons and daughters in the softer and milder virtues, you must seek to give them

those stern and hardy qualities which in afterlife they will surely need. * * *

"If you mothers, through weakness, bring up your sons to be selfish and to think only of themselves, you will be responsible for much sadness among the women who are to be their wives in the future. * * * Teach boys and girls alike that they are not

to look forward to lives spent in avoiding difficulties, but to lives spent in overcoming difficulties. Teach them that work, for themselves and also for others, is not a curse but a blessing; seek to

make'them happy, to make them enjoy life; but seek also to make

them face life with the steadfast resolution to wrest success from labor and adversity. * * * She who can thus train her sons and her daughters is thrice fortunate among women. ***.'*

When their children are looking for employment and the quesis, tion is asked, "What are you trained to do?"and the answer

"Nothing,"is this not a reflection upon parents? In these days

only trained hands, trained minds, trained workers are succeeding.

I recommend that parents ask their children frequently: "In

how many ways are you trained to make a living?"Parents who

bring up their children without training are making a serious error.

The American standard is either a highschool education or its?quivalent in industrial training. Parents who bring up their children without giving them this much are unfair to them.

No young man should be permitted to expend on his own living more than he is able to earn. Neither should any young

woman. Perhaps I ought to say that they should not be permitted

to expend more than twothirds of what they actually earn; the

other onethird should be saved and invested. Unfortunate the

WORK AND WIN 375

young man who spends all or more than he earns. I am speaking

now of the time in his life when he has his greatest earning power.

During their school days, for example, boys are not earning money and therefore they must have somebody pay their expenses. But

it has been well said that there should be two periods in the lifetime of every human being when he will be free from the necessity of earning a in childhood and the other in old age. living—one

During his earning period he ought not to be permitted to spend all he makes. And no individual ought, during his lifetime, to lay

out for his living more than was produced by his earning power when he was in the strength of his physical manhood.

Let it be the ambition of every boy and girl to have two. three,

or four ways in which they are able to earn their bread. Always

there appear to be places for those who are broadly trained.

At a recent meeting held to consider the construction of a highschool building, a farmer arose and said: "I am not in favor

of making it too easy for young people to go to school. Years ago

I had a classmate who walked from Bountiful to the University of Utah. I don't know whether this man has a son or not; but if

he has, I'll guess that the son, who is probably getting his education in an easy way, is not the equal of his father."

The thing worth while in life is work. A boy can find

nothing more valuable than work. Shall I be making it too strong

if I say, Blessed is poverty, and fortunate is the boy who is brought up in it? For few of us will work if we are not compelled to

do so. In fact, a wise man has said that fifteen per cent of the

human family is made up of individuals who will work whether they are watched or not. Thirtyfive per cent is made up of those

who will work if they are well watched. Fifty per cent of the

human family is made up of individuals who will not work whether they are watched or not. Let us ask ourselves whether

we belong to the fifteen per cent, the thirtyfive per cent, or the fifty per cent. He who will work whether he is watched or not

will get the development which work brings, and, having this development, he will win.

Steady Thou My Hands They say God holds the hands of those who grieve.

And binds the hearts of those who are bereft

I wonder, nay I reason, and believe

He fills my hands with work when I am left,

And stirs my heart to fling its windows wide.

, Where bitterness and desolation lurk.

Loss and defeat, whatever shall betide,

God steady thou my hands to find their work!

Mesa. Arizona. BERTHA A. KLEINMAN

Religion the Antidote for Crime

By Melvin J. Ballard, of the Council of the Twelve and

Assistant General Superintendent Y. M. M. I. A.

PEOPLE or nation can preserve a desirable civilization except through the ability of the great majority to practiceNO selfcontrol. Whenever a large number of the people are

employed in policing the country to enforce the law, the stability of the institutions are in grave danger. The strength in the early government of the United States was the willingness on the part of the

people to honor and obey the law without police regulations except in rare instances. Crime comes as the result of perverted appetites and

desires developed because of a lack of selfcontrol. The only thing

that seems to restrain many people is the fear of being caught by the officials of the law. The breaking of the law seems to create no

particular concern to these individuals, but their anxiety is whether they will be discovered.

Will more laws correct this evil? Increased police vigilance

may check it to some extent, but surely men cannot be made to have honor and regard for the law by the multiplication of laws.

Then what is the remedy?

What men need is to have more of the fear of God always in their hearts, whether they may be detected in the violation of the law or not. They are then accused before their own guilty consciences in such a way as to restrain them from breaking the law. If

they do so, there is a secret punishment administered that may prove corrective.

The religion of Jesus Christ, which teaches the universal brotherhood of man, makes me to feel that I am my brother's keeper, and that I should be willing to do unto him as I should like him to do unto me. He is not a victim for me to prey upon, but I am

to love him as myself. Religion alone can create this feeling in the

hearts of men. The gospel of Jesus Christ also teaches me to know

that if my crimes are not detected in this life, there is a perfect record made of all I do, and I must in the day of judgment meet that record. What a restraining influence this would have over all men

if they but believed it.

There are two powers in this world; one inducing men to sin,

to commit evil; the other restraining them, reproving them. Men

who live outside of the pale of the gospel of Jesus Christ lack that powerful spiritual influence that makes the right clearly visible and gives strength to do it. The United States reports show that there

are fiftyeight millions of people living in this country who are

RELIGION THE ANTIDOTE FOR CRIME 377

without any religious convictions. Is that not, in part, one of

the chief reasons why there is such an increase of crime in this country? These records also show that ninety per cent of the

criminals in our state prisons today committed their first crime before the age of twenty. This lack of religious faith is chiefly

among the youth of this land today. Is that not another evidence

that the chief thing they are lacking is religion to restrain them from crime? It is an epidemic that seems to be sweeping the world,

and one of the chief remedies, therefore, is to awaken youth to a consciousness of the truths of religion, to establish faith in God in their hearts, and, through that, love for their fellowmen and a desire to live in harmony with Christ's noble teachings.

I submit, as evidence that the foregoing statements are true, the record of crime among the members of the "Mormon"Church, as given in The Fruits of Mormonism, by Dr. Franklin S. Harris:

A study of the past twentyfive years reveals the fact that conviction to the penitentiary decrease as the proportion of "Mormons"in the counties increase. Convictions to the Utah State Penitentiary

in 1919 to 1923 show 156 "Mormons."This is 28.9 per cent

of the total convictions, and yet the "Mormon"population in

Utah is 61.8. Our proportion would have been 334 convictions.

The same thing is true with reference to the record of the "Mormons"in Idaho, which shows that the number convicted were 1 less than the average, for each 100,000 of population in that state.

The same thing is true in Arizona. In 1916 there were 438 convicts in the state penitentiary of Arizona; four of these were

"Mormons;"yet the census of Arizona gives the "Mormon"population as 12,624. Their quota would have been 31.7 persons for

each 100,000.

If the religion of Jesus Christ as taught and practiced by the

Latterday Saints will restrain crime among them, as these records show, why would not the same results obtain everywhere if men would only accept the gospel of Christ and live according to his teachings?

Since youth is the time in which to implant faith in the hearts of the children of men, there is nothing more important for the members of this Church or the people of the country to do than to lay, in security, for the generations that are to come, a foundation against these destructive influences. Unless checked, they may prove

the undoing of our civilization. A vigorous campaign should be

instituted to revive in the hearts of the youth of the land love of

God and a. knowledge of the teachings of Jesus Christ.

This will establish an invisible power, controling the actions of men more effectively than all the police power combined, much as this also is desired, Religion and the Boy By Thomas A. Beal, Dean of the School of Business,

University of Utah

is religion? Webster defines religion as "a system ofWHATfaith and worship; the feeling or expression of human

love or fear of some superhuman power. As distinguished

from theology, religion is subjective, designating the feelings and acts of men which relate to God. As distinguished from morality,

religion denotes the influences and motives to human duty which are found in the character and the will of God, while morality describes the duties to man, which true religion always influences.

Specifically, religion means conformity in faith and life to the teachings of the Bible respecting the conduct of life and duties toward

God and man."

"Religion,"says Coffin, "is a kind of life after the pattern of the life of Jesus of Nazareth; while theology is the attempt to explain this fact; it is a theory of religion."

Talmage also takes this point of view. He says, "Theology

may be compared to theory, while religion may be compared to practice."The religious person has a sublime faith in the spiritual control of the Universe; he believes in divine intelligence and guidance,

and is willing to be governed by them. Too, a religious person is

usually interested in the welfare of its problems and society—in

development, as well as in his own. In short, a truly religious

person has faith in mankind, and is respectful and tolerant of the opinions of others, whether they agree with his or not. That is,

he is kind and consistent and honest, and he believes in "doing good to all men,"and in living a righteous life.

Many think that religion belongs to the church and its work it is all right for the Sabbath but nowhere else. This is an—that

error. Religion requires that man should make the most of himshould be industrious, upright,self and his opportunities—that he

and brief, use his talents which God gave him. Refaithful—in

ligion is necessary for success in the broadest sense of that term.

"Seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all

these things shall be added unto you."This kind of religion

boys will understand and grasp.

Religion should be able to stand the practical test: "We believe in being honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in

RfeLIGION AND THE BOY 379

doing good to all men; indeed we may say that we follow the

believe all things, we hope all things, admonition of Paul—we

we have endured many things and hope to be able to endure all things. If there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of good report or

praiseworthy, we seek after these things."

In this brief Article of Faith, the Latterday Saints proclaim the practical character of their religion-—"a religion that embraces

not alone definite conceptions of spiritual matters and belief as to conditions in the Hereafter, but also of present, everyday duties, in which love for fellowmen and devotion to God are the guiding principles."

Among many there is a common opinion that the material things which we can see are real, while the ideal and spiritual things which we cannot see are unreal and therefore uncertain. To regard

things which you can see and handle as more reliable than ideal or spiritual things is a great mistake. The body is no more real

than the spirit; in fact, the spirit is the more real. The real man

part we cannotcan walk and talk, but take away his spirit—the

he is not a real man. So it is the spirit that makes thesee—and

body real to us. "The things that are seen are temporal. The

things that are not seen are eternal."Many are making a mistake

in undervaluing immaterial things. Religion is undervalued because it is considered visionary and unreal. This is also a mistake.

We must learn sooner or later that the ideal and spiritual make the real.

Our religion gives us a confidence in the Hereafter. The immortality of the soul is regarded just as certain and real as mortality.

Such a belief gives confidence and strength. We believe in a practical religion as well as in a spiritual religion. Brigham Young

said: "Our religion is not mere theory; it is a practical religion to

bring present enjoyment to the heart. We cannot talk about spiritual things without connecting them with the temporal things; neither

can we talk about temporal things without connecting them with spiritual things. They are inseparably connected. Our religion

must be with us one Monday morning to the next, always—from

the year it will not answer its purpose."Such a religion round,—or

is easily conceived and, if presented in the right way, can be made to appeal even to the understanding of the youth.

The reason why we have so much crime among the youth of the land at the present time is because of a lack of religious training. Judge Mclntyre of New York says: "Of the reasons for the

restlessness and the criminal tendencies of youth, the lack of religious training so far outdistances all others that it stands alone."

Judge Waite of Minneapolis says: "The first and fundamental

380 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cause is the breakdown of religious training in the home. Character can have no firm and lasting basis other than religious faith;

and religious faith comes rarely into any life save through early religious training."Judge Kavanaugh of Chicago says: "The

greatest and most vital lesson of all is to make the children know and feel the reign of God and their nearness to Him."

Some people are inclined to think that boys have no natural desire for religion; others take the opposite view. If the boy is

brought into contact with the right kind of religion and in the right way, usually he has no objections to it, but on the other hand he finds it interesting, desires more of it, and tries to conduct his life accordingly therewith.

There is an old saying, "As the twig is bent, the tree is inclined."If we place the proper emphasis on religion and teach

it to the boy in his early years, he will seldom depart therefrom.

It is said: "There is but one way to save humanity and that is

through childhood."If this statement be true, then it behooves

parents as well as churches to see that children are properly trained during childhood so that their lives may be inclined in the proper path thereafter.

The trouble with humanity at the present time is that because of the arduous duties of daily tasks, the training of childhood is pretty much left to the atmosphere and circumstances outside of the home. Our schools, of course, as well as our churches, are doing

much in the way of training our young people, the former especially in those things which are necessary to good citizenship, and the latter towards making the children have greater reverence for Deity, but the parents are derelict in giving the proper religious training to their children. President Coolidge once made the statement that

he could "think of no investment which was likely to pay larger returns for the social, economic, and spiritual welfare of our country than the proper training of boys."It is not only important,

therefore, that boys should be trained properly, socially and economically, but spiritually as well. If we look up the court records

of many of the juvenile delinquents, we will find that few of them bad any religious training, and especially in the home. What the

American home needs today, therefore, is more religion, in order that it may instill the same into the minds of the youth. President

Coolidge is also reported to have said on one occasion: "There is

no substitute for morality, character, and religious conviction,"and yet we are told that only three out of every ten children in the

United States are touched by any religious program. That is unfortunate, not to say deplorable. In the minds of many, the time

will come when there will be a reaction in the opposite direction;

RELIGION AND THE BOY 381

that is, when people will come to see more and more the importance of religious training in the development of the moral character of the young people.

But whether the young people take to religion depends largely on how it is presented. To get over something which is practical

is not very difficult, but to convince young people that a religious education is necessary, that is, a knowledge of the things which make for good character and for salvation in the eternal world, both of which are abstract ideas, it is more difficult, and therefore the task is much greater. Perhaps many of us talk religion enough to the boys

but we do not talk it in the right way. In other words, example

is better than precept. Both are necessary, but if one wishes to

convince his son, for example, that the religion which he is teaching him is right, he must live up to that principle, both by what he says and by what he does. You cannot fool children. They quickly

detect insincerity; they seem to be blessed with an instinct that

enables them to recognize the genuine. If parents are not sincere

in their teachings, the youth will soon discover it. To establish

faith in the youth, therefore, it is necessary that we practice that which we preach, not only on Sunday, but every day in the week;

in short, we must be that which we wish the youth to be.

From observations it would appear that it is not difficult to establish faith in the hearts of the youth if we go about it sincerely and in the right manner. Youth naturally has faith. The boy,

himself, is a great believer. Children have great faith in their

parents and in a superior being, and all that is necessary, therefore, is to teach them in the proper way and live in conformity to one's teachings to establish and retain that simple faith with which childhood seems to be blessed.

Just as one should have a fixed aim in life, so should one have a settled faith. "A yearning for better things is a constant spur to

accomplishment."It is only when we perceive the difference between our real selves and what we should like to be that we become

restless and eager to move forward. The person with a fixed aim

is not content unless he is struggling towards the thing of his heart's desire, whether that is economic or spiritual. A settled faith in a

wholesome religion is a valuable thing and a wonderful influence in shaping one's life. "Deep conviction in the existence and providence of God gives confidence and stability to one. It is like an

anchor to the soul. The man of faith is not easily baffled; he

struggles on, confident that truth will prevail, and that honest, persistent effort will ultimately win. A belief in God and Eternity

inspires hope in one's life and this hope finds expression in one's work. A religious person is seldom gloomy and pessimistic. His

382 IMPROVEMENT ERA

faith keeps him from the ruts of despair. As long as he can retain

his faith he will keep on trying until his last bit of strength is gone, confident that he will finally be aided by a superior power."

This is the idea that we should inculcate into the minds of the youth. Every youth should be encouraged to keep the fire of

determination burning in his soul, because it gives faith. The youth

who aspires to be somebody in the world is the one who has confidence in himself and in life's possibilities. Just as these things

make for success in life, so do they make for success in character, and faith and knowledge. The boy who has faith and a belief

sees more in it,in God has an intelligent insight into life—he

he gets more out of it, he gives more to it, and, all in all, he makes a better man.

Little argument is needed to make out a case in behalf of a plan for the vocational guidance of youth, and yet, on the whole, we have elicited little effort in such a problem. Religious guidance

is just as necessary as vocational guidance; yet here, too, little effort

has been put forth in a constructive way to deal with this problem.

More stress, therefore, should be given to the religious training of the boy; i. e., as to what kind of a program to carry out, what it should

contain, how to make it function to the best interests of the boy.

If religion helps to give confidence and faith, which many think it does, then we should endeavor to give such religion to the young people as will encourage these essential elements in their nature.

But to do this we must also have information about the young people themselves; that is, about their physical condition, their ambitions, the opportunities and circumstances of their lives, so that

we may know how to approach them and what to give them. To

gather such information and make it available for use so that it may contrive to the best interests of the boy requires time and effort; and to give satisfactory guidance in religion as well as elsewhere, it will require properly trained persons and an army of

devoted workers. One important duty of the advisor of youth,

both morally and religiously, is to bring home to all who can be brought to see it the enormous value of a religion; that is, how

it qualifies one in the way of development, mentally and spiritually, how it helps boys and girls to find themselves, and to prepare themselves for a better understanding of life.

At no time in the history of the world have the boys of the people been turned out to earn their living on so large a scale or into so complex a social order as at the present time. Never has

there been so great a need as now for intelligent cooperation between the parents and the boys. We are, indeed, living in a restless period,

impatient with crudeness, but we are too occupied to pause over the

RELIGION AND THE BOY 383

stumblings and gropings of bewildered youth. Somehow, someway, we must give more attention to this critical period of adolescent life. Society has been slow to cooperate with its future workers

in the choice of their careers. So, too, has it been slow in the giving

of religious training which the youth should receive for his own guidance and welfare.

According to the words of Brigham Young, the purpose of the Mutual Improvement Associations is to instill into the hearts of the young people a testimony of the gospel, to give them an opportunity to study, not only religious things, but secular things as well. Our Mutual organizations attempt to do this. We have

outlines and programs and manuals by which the young people are not only taught science and history, literature and economics, but religion also. An allaround man is the best man, so the religious

side of the boy's life should not be neglected any more than any other side, but all sides should be developed harmoniously, and to the youth's best interest. One has fears for the young man who

has no spiritual side of life, who believes that everything is just for today. Such a one is likely to have no regard for the morrow,

nor for the future.

Doubtless many a great genius is lost to society because he is born among the children of the poor, where he perishes for want of opportunity. Likewise, doubtless many a boy is lost to society

because he is not given that kind of training which makes for character, integrity, honesty, and faith. The time is ripe when we should

wake up to the fact that the young people are our heritage and that it is our duty to assist them and help them to adjust their life's work so that they may conduct themselves in a way that will make for better young men, morally, physically, and mentally, as well as spiritually.

Psychologists tell us that we are blessed with intelligence but that our intelligence may manifest itself in different ways. It is the

duty of the parents, as well as the teachers of these young people, to discover these differences in order to guide the activities of youth in the channels which will lead to success. All boys are not equally competent mentally and physically, and neither are they spiritually.

Therefore, it requires different training, different tact, different methods, in order to reach all boys in the best way. It is folly to

try to drive a square peg into a round hole, and yet that is just about what it amounts to when we do not take enough interest in the young people to discover their aptitudes. We should not be

too hasty in underestimating the value and ability of people who seem to be born short in some things, because they may be born long in others; nor should we be too quick to condemn people

384 IMPROVEMENT ERA

because they do not see as we do. Everyone has a right to his

own views. When we come to that conclusion then we shall be

able to understand the boy and to direct his thoughts in the right way; keeping in mind, of course, that he is wanting in experience

and must be subject to adult guidance; i. e., he must form the habit

of obedience to law and order.

In the making of a boy, it is very necessary also that we put into his hands the right kind of reading material. It is the

general opinion that one can pretty well determine the makeup of a boy by the kind of company he keeps and by the books he reads. Therefore, it is necessary to know the literary standards of

the boy, because the kind of books that he loves to read is not only a test of the boy's estimation of the book, but usually is a test of the boy as well. No finer habit can be taken up by young people than

the habit of reading good books, and especially the biographies of great and good men, for almost without exception these persons have been religious and righteous in their acts and deeds.

Boys, too, should be taught about spiritual things as well as temporal. They should be made to see that they are the stewards

of their Master, and that he expects them to use and cultivate the talents, or loans, which he has made to them, according to their opportunities. Few of us, perhaps, have opportunities to do great

things, but we all have the opportunity to be kind, charitable, helpful, and sympathetic. Our talents, or gifts, are the inspiring things

in us, and they do not depreciate by sharing them with others, but increase and become stronger, and they cannot be taken away except by Him who gave them. Boys should be taught that they must use

their time in this life to the best of their ability. They should be

taught to discover what is worthwhile, what to keep and what to leave out, and to this there is but one answer: "They may let

go all things which they cannot carry with them into Eternal Life."

In conclusion, then, if we wish the youth of today to grow up with faith, we must teach them the right kind of religion and in the right way. The reason why we have failed thus far is because of our narrowness and our disinterestedness in religious work

ourselves. By narrowness I mean that we are intolerant and uncharitable with others. We can just as well be equally broadminded and fair in the realm of religion as we can anywhere else.

There are certain basic principles that are common to all religions, just as there are certain patriotic elements that are common to all political parties. But what are these principles? "The love of righteousness and an honest attempt to attain it in all the affairs of life

pretty nearly covers the whole ground. Surely there is no form of

religion which ought not to include as much. What do we mean by

RELIGION AND THE BOY 385

righteousness? The word speaks for itself. There is a right and a

wrong to everything in this world, and righteousness means an alliance with the first, in thought and word and deed, and a rejection of the last, continually."We must constantly inculcate into the mind

of the boy a desire to know the truth, and to act in accordance with its dictates. The preface of one of the old arithmetics closed with

these words: "And now I commend you to Him who maketh all

things by number."The one who made that book doubtless taught

righteousness to his pupils, and begot in them a love of the Author of all Truth. That is the kind of teaching we must give to the

boy if we expect him to live a righteous life. That we need more

religion in our schools at the present time is probably true. In

brief, what the world needs at the present time, above everything else, is to be saturated through and through with a living religious spirit; "to be fused with vital religious fire,"which shall enter into

and become a part of every word and deed of all its citizens.

"Religion, then, is an effort to bring the whole of experience into the light of the best that one knows."If one is devoted to the

spiritual values of truth, goodness, beauty, and love, he has already begun to be religious. We may conceive of religion as the effort

to find the source, the meaning, and the object of life, and to these conceptions we should attempt to relate our lives and that of the boy.

Revelation I saw not God until I looked Upon the face of Innocence, Where shone the virtue of pure thought,

And peace which is its recompense.

I heard not God until there came

The quiet voice of motherhood,

And children's laughter turned to song,

And nature's murmur in the wood.

I felt not God until I roved Beneath the open country sky And smelled the breath of cloverbloom.

With space about me. wide and high.

I knew not God until my heart Was thrilled with love and wracked with pain;

Till I had looked on evil things.

And then saw Innocence again.

I did not learn to worship God,

Or know how close we were of kin,

Till He from harm protected me

And came my heart to dwell within.

Huntington, Utah. LAMONT JOHNSON.

Formations Rather Than Reformations

By F. S. Harris, President of Brigham Young University

my most vivid childhood memories is that of twoAMONG cows we had. Bluch could not be kept anywhere; whereas,

Boss never gave any trouble. Both had the same jumping

ability, but their bringing up was different. The people from

whom we bought Bluch always had tumbleddown fences and shiftless ways, and their attention to their livestock was irregular. The

cow had formed the habit of going over gates and through fences, and we were never able to break her of this bad habit. Boss, on the

other hand, having been kept as a calf and heifer behind good fences, and having had regular care, never developed the bad habit of trying to break out. In her cowhood days hardly more than a string was

required to keep her in her place.

We are all well acquainted with the old saying that an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. A pair of rubbers and

warm clothing may prevent an attack of pneumonia which weeks of skillful work on the part of the physician and nurse may fail to cure. An inoculation for diphtheria or typhoid may prevent

long and dangerous sickness. The tightening of a nut which has

become loosened may prevent the wreck of an automobile, and, as of old, the proverbial stitch in time continues to save nine.

Those who know anything about boys are well aware of the fact that if a boy has any real life he is going to do things. The

boy who is not up and doing is probably not worth bothering with very much, since his influence will be largely neutral under any condition. The normal, redblooded boy who is capable of leadership is going to be up to something all the time. If he is headed

in the right direction, his activities will be along constructive lines;

if he gets started the other way, he may become a pretty bad boy without having any real intention of being bad. The important

thing for him is that he is going to have action, and it does not seem to matter very much to him what direction this action takes.

As a rule, a boy is not noted for being farsighted; he is so much

concerned with getting started that he often does not take time to notice where the road he is traveling leads.

This is where the boy's advisor, whether parent, teacher, or scoutmaster, comes in. His job is to get the boy started jn the right direction and to see that all the fine youthful energy is expended along

lines that will keep the boy on the road of progress jnstead of wastFORMATIONS RATHER THAN REFORMATIONS 387

ing his time traveling a road where he must retrace his steps. The

wrong road may lead into all sorts of dangers which may give handicaps that will follow the boy through his entire life.

Those who have not taken the trouble to investigate the question will be surprised to learn how many very fine agencies for helping the boy have been worked out and are in successful operation in various parts of the country. The value of the boy has appealed to thinking men everywhere and, as a result, numerous devices

have been perfected to help keep the boy in the right path.

We are all familiar with the boy scout work. This is certainly one of the best of all known devices for using the energy of

the boy to advance himself rather than to undermine his character.

I cannot think of the scout work without a thrill. So many

scores of cases have come to my attention where the scout program has caught a boy just at the critical time, when he was headed literally to destruction, and has put him on the road to useful manhood, that I have become 100 per cent converted to scout work for every boy. Its program is truly one of right formation rather

than reformation. This is really important. All of us would much

rather have a boy who did not bear the scars of vice even if he had reformed.

An automobile tire that has blown out may be vulcanized, but there is always a place of weakness. A broken spring may be

welded, but the place of welding shows and it is never so strong as if it had never been broken. A piece of paper that has been soiled

may be cleaned by an eraser, but the surface finish is damaged. A

broken dish may be cemented, but there is always a likelihood that at some time it will be left in hot water, which will weaken the cement and the old break will open.

The Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association aims to employ every useful device to promote the welfare of young men. It

is glad to bring back into the fold any who may have strayed away, but it is much more concerned in keeping the boy from getting off the track. It wants to help boys to live full and joyous lives by supplying them with attractive programs of activity to supplement

the home and school. These programs are built on boynature

and aim to keep him doing the things he likes to do and at the some time to bring out his best qualities.

The Mutual Improvement Associations are essentially formatories and not reformatories.

Leadership A Challenge to By E. E. Ericksen, Member of the General Board of the

Y. M. M. I. A.

great youth movement of the last few years is everyTHEwhere bringing to light the need for a new type of adult leadership. It comes as a distinct challenge and as a true

expression of the spirit of youth. Is the fine idealism displayed

in all these movements mistaken for radicalism? Is the lure for

the new mistaken for a dislike of the old? It should not be. But

a misjudgment here on the part of adults may lead to a wide separation of men and boys at the very time when the latter are mostly in need of sympathetic encouragement. What is in the

heart of youth? What do boys want?

Boys want to participate in the affairs of the world. They

want to do what men are doing in the affairs of state, business, and religion, and they want to participate as equals, not as subordinates. They join as youth and with youth in great religious

conventions as well as in great bodies for the consideration of world problems, such as international peace. 1 They feel the lure

of big things and are drawn into them, not as spectators but as doers.

They would be quite as happy to join with men in the great enterprises if they could be welcomed in their associations as equals.

Unlike men, youth are less interested in establishing harmony, in preserving righteousness, and more interested in the creation of heaven, a new earth. Ideals function morea new order—a new

vitally with them than do abstract laws.

Youth constitute the creative element in human society. They

discover themselves growing in physical strength, in intellectual comprehension, in power of critical analysis. These changes within

them impel them to look forward rather than the backward—to

future rather than the immediate present. An American educator

of many years'experience with youth writes: "The spirit of

adventure and the age for exploration is implanted deep within the adolescent. Courage and determination lead youth into many sorts

of experiments. Life is to be lived at its highest point of energy

and as a result the number of shipwrecks and losses is still far too many. But young people are using their powers and abilities in a

1In this connection notation might be made of: (1) National Student Conference that met in

Milwaukee on January 1. 1927. to consider problem of international friendship. (2) Princeton

Conference (December. 1925), which was a gathering of undergraduates representing about 250 colleges

from various parts of the U. S. for the purpose of expressing the mature undergraduate opinion on

the World Court.

A CHALLENGE TO LEADERSHIP 389

better manner than in earlier years. They are now far more capable

of genuine living and achievement. If they are brutally frank they

are nevertheless marvelously capable. It is true that they have

understanding and wisdom far beyond the years of their grandparents, but they are genuine at heart and, most of all, they are willing to learn and to understand still more of what the world and society have in store for them."'

To men of maturity, this youthful, spirit3 impresses them oftimes as impulsiveness, discontent, radicalism. Perhaps if it were

permitted to run without control, the outcome would not be a happy one. "Yet the health of society, the very life of civilization,

depends upon making changes when they are needed. Somebody

must see when a move is needed, what sort of move is needed, and how to go about it with the greatest prospect of effectiveness and economy.'"Here is the problem for men. If they are to enjoy

their right of leadership, they must be initiated into the Order of

Youth, and this initiation is no simple matter. It requires the acceptance of youth's fundamental premises; namely, that they join

with them on an equal basis, that they accept the present beliefs, standards, and interpretations as appropriate subject matter for discussion, investigation and appraisal, and finally that they join with youth 5 in actively creating a new world of ideas, and new institutions.

Such an attitude, of course, impresses the conservative adults as quite impossible, for it represents to them the dangers of our

aJoscph G. Masters. Educational Review, January. 1925.

'Walter W. VanKirk. writing in The Outlook for January 19. 1927. on "Student Crusades."says:

"I talked with many of the business and professional men who sat on the 'sidelines'of the conferences and many of them were frankly concerned about what they felt to be mistaken idealism and the foolish, legendary aspirations of these inspired and misguided youth. They deplored the radicalism of these

selfappointed Arthurian knights. But there is no cause for alarm. These young people are not 'Red.'

their pockets are not being lined with communistic shekels. They are determined, however, inso-far

as it is humanly possible within the brief compass of a single life, to push the race forward and upward."

Likewise Anna Shumaker, writing on "Youth Out of Bounds."says: "In the second place, the 'old ones'

outside the college walls are inclined to look upon youth's desire to feel himself a factor in the larger work of civilization as a huge joke. They insist upon keeping them in a nice gilded cage of playful

insignificance. The great T. B. M. (Tired Business Man) is glad to assume the part of Munificent

Raingold for a gigantic stadium, but frowns hesitantly over scholarships and student projects. Difficult

as it is for the average citizen to believe that creative thinking can be done by a student at college. Old

Father Public Opinion will in time be forced to make room for a new child at his table. Young

Student Opinion has decided to come in from the football game and 'frat'dance and is beginning to clear his throat on Public Affairs."

'George A. Coe: "What Ails Our Youth?"page 46.

"Joseph G. Masters, in "Getting Their Value Out of the Extra Curriculars,"writes: "Our hope

with the oncoming generation lies not only in teaching them tribal forms of living and ancient folkways. We must even come to understand that we do know all that children should think. We can only

teach them how to think that they may find their own ways through the evergrowing mazes of change, vicissitude and fortune. Standards of critical judgment and detached thinking can come only as the

student is given an opportunity day by day to exercise these qualities in concrete life situations. The

schools of yesterday were very anxious to furnish the pupil with the results of thinking by some 'authority.'

390 IMPROVEMENT ERA

present civilization. But be that as it may, this is the impulse of

youth and must be reckoned with. Laws, imperatives, and restraints

appeal less to youth than do ideals, opportunities, personalities.

Why fear youth's ideals? The report of the Fourth International Conference of Boy Workers prepared by Oscar A. Kirkham

calls attention to problems youth desire to discuss. "The question

was asked of several hundred boys what subjects for discussion would they enjoy the most, (subjects in which they would like help, and out of some 30 suggested, the following are the first listed, in their order of selection, by the boys: (1) War, (2) Honesty,

(3) Gambling, (4) Teamplay, (5) God, (6) Smoking, (7)

Jesus, (8) Money, (9) Parents."Too many men refuse to find an

issue in these questions. The method of their solution is taken for

granted. Such an attitude merely widens the gap between youth

and those who should guide them. Who will deny that these problems, after all, are not the most vital and at the same time present

the most uncertain elements in our civilization?

If we convince youth that thought, care, faith, cooperation, and evaluation are the most effective in bringing about wholesome reconstruction, these principles will be accepted, but reconstruct they must create their own world. Our hope lies in must—they

the fact that men of affairs can grip and guide the spirit of youth in this reconstruction. Men who are successful in business, law

or medicine; men who can handle big enterprises in athletics, agriculture, industry, politics or religion, may knock at the door of

the Order of Youth and receive entrance, not as preachers or teachers, but as companions. Their lives and achievements must do the

speaking.

Leaders of youth in schools and churches are finding that biography is a most effective means of educating youth in fundamental ideals of character. This fact reveals a psychology of youth

which craves dynamic and active life rather than instruction in the established order. Precepts must always remain in the background;

they are, after all, only the tools in dealing with life's problems.

Boys are willing to recognize wisdom, kindness, benevolence and justice in Abraham Lincoln, but care very little for them apart from

Lincoln or some other great hero. They are willing to discuss courage and perseverance in Washington, but can hardly understand

the meaning of these terms apart from Washington and other great soldiers. Boys admire the ideals and the fighting spirit of Roosevelt, the variety of his interests and the depth of his insight; they

admire the statesmanship of Woodrow Wilson, his dignity, culture, intellectuality and precision; but all of these receive meaning because

thus attached to men.

A CHALLENGE TO LEADERSHIP 391

Many times more effective even than biography and an imaginative contact with great men is the contact with living men which our organizations afford. Our generation is not without great men: they are not remote either in time or place. They are

here with us and every community has them. Our problem is that

of introducing them to our boys. The institutions that have done

most in this respect are the boy scout organization and the fathers and sons'outings. The scout organization has secured the service

of some of the finest and busiest men of the community. Men of

affairs have proved a willingness to accept responsibilities as leaders in the scout movement. Many of them have proved experts in dealing with boys. The fathers and sons'outing is, every summer,

proving the value of this contact. Inspiration that comes to boys

sitting around the great fire, listening to stories of faith, courage, selfsacrifice, heroism, told by bishops, general church leaders, and business men, cannot be overestimated. Such stories and personal

contacts give boys deeper insight into life. The success of fathers

and sons'outings has proved, beyond question, that boys love to associate with manly men. In communities where these outings

have not been held the fault has usually been the indifference of men, not boys.

The scout movement and the fathers and sons'outings mark a great achievement, but these do not constitute the extent of man's responsibility or limits of their opportunities to mingle with boys.

During the winter months, would not a reading circle composed of men and boys, fathers and sons, bind the hearts of these two groups more closely together? Are there not rich and undeveloped

possibilities that might grow out of an interest for reading? This

reading may present ideas that will lead to informal friendly discussions between boys and men. Such discussions would tend to

make youth feel the need of the broader experience of maturity and the adult feel the creative impulse of youth.

Would not also the contests where groups of boys and men compete with other groups of boys and men be more efficient in creating mutual understanding and sympathy than the common method of pitting boys against men and men against boys in athletic contests? There is no one method perhaps that we may recommend

that will solve this vital problem, but we have everywhere leaders who can plan and originate schemes that are appropriate to their communities and which will have wholesome effect. This great

problem does not solve itself. To ignore it means that boys will

drift farther from men, and men, farther from boys. This problem

can be solved only by thought, by initiative, by experiment, and by a high type of social, moral and religious leadership. Give us men

392 IMPROVEMENT ERA

who can lead in this vital of sympathy, of underproblem—men

standing, of faith, and with a willingness to work.

The M. I. A. thus has two great responsibilities and both may

come under the caption, "Mutual Improvement."It has the responsibility of bringing together youth in order that they may

mutually help one another. This function it has most admirably

accepted and this great responsibility it will continue to perform.

The other responsibility is to bring together men and boys in mutually sympathetic relationships so that the youth movements in our communities will be movements that include the experienced personality and faith of the men.

God Knows Best

Our Father, thou whose gracious hand,

Tempered with wondrous love and justice.

Overrules the destinies of men.

Canst thou, from thy glorious home on high,

Look down to earth, and yet withhold thy wrath

From these, thy children, who in blood and carnage reign

Is it not possible, O Father in heaven above.

With thy great wisdom, to control, and lead

In higher mein thy progeny on earth?

With lustrous ray of thine own light supreme,

Surround their faltering steps with beacons bright,

That, coming back to thee, they be of greater worth?

Or is it best, O Lord, that men should wander on,

Fettered with Satan's thralldom,

Untrammelled in the freedom thou hast given,

Having the equal chance for right or wrong.

Aided by thee, but blinded by the evil power.

Marking their own destiny, either hell or heaven?

Thou knowest best, O Lord, for wisdom thou hast found.

Thy infinite power, thy mighty love endures.

Because it was by strict obedience won;

And, should thy children stumble in the thorny path.

Or fall, or faint, or fail to reach the goal,

We then can safely, surely say, "Thy will be done.''

JOHN T. HORNfc

James M. Packer, scoutmaster Troop 36. and his three sons, who are Eagle

Scouts. Right to left: Elmo, Gerald, Floyd. Their ages range from 16

to 1 9. To have three Eagle Scouts in one family is an honor which seldom

comes to one family. It is perhaps the first time in the history of scouting that three boys in one family have been given this honor, which comes

through several years of hard, intensive study. Twentyone merit badges

must be won. including work in athletics, personal and public health, bird

study, camping and woodcraft, cooking, pathfinding, pioneering, swimming, firstaid and lifesaving, with other accomplishments. We congratulate Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Packer, of Franklin. Idaho, upon the accomplishment of their boys in this field of education.

Summer Work for Scout Troops and Others By J. H. Paul

livest kinds of summer work for boys are afforded byTHEthe summer vacation. Outings among the mountains offer

unique materials, the best of methods, and one of the surest means of characterbuilding. When taken under scoutmasters who

have themselves been trained in the observation of nature afield, these outings place in our hands a new power, a vital factor, an unexpected resource, in the education of youth. This resource,

long previously evident, is only just now beginning to be utilized.

I. What Nature Study Does for the Boy

Definite, unmistakable reactions have been secured each summer among boy scouts and beehive girls for many years past. Two

sets of these will here be summarized.

Last summer, in American Fork canyon, a group of boy scouts at the breakfast campfire called my attention to a large, slender, shining, blueblack wasp (a species of Ammophila), dragging a goodsized spider over the surface of the ground.

"Watch her carefully,"I advised; "she is about to bury it as

food for her future offspring."

The boys gathered around in a close circle to watch the wasp at her strange work. At first she paid no attention to them as they

crowded near; but presently some got too close and, dropping her

prey, the wasp flew off. Returning, she was unable to find the

paralyzed spider, which she had stung and then brought there. So

the boys placed it directly in her path of travel along the ground;

but still she did not stumble upon it. Again and again they put

the spider where they thought she must encounter it, but she contrived to miss it by many a hairbreadth margin. Her ways of

devious stupidity in coming so close to her object and yet not discovering it, set the boys to laughing. At length, baffled, she

flew away, abandoning her prize.

The Wide Sweep of Nature's Teaching "Well, what of it?"asked one college president to whom the

incident was related; "isn't it all perfectly silly to make so much

ado about the ways of a-wasp? Have we nothing more important

than that to spend our time upon?"

Nothing more important in the whole realm of education, I

SUMMER WORK FOR SCOUT TROOPS 395 beg to assure my college friend; for this kind of observation has a

manysided effect upon the interests and attitude of the boy. It

trains his eyes, sharpens his powers of perception, creates and whets his appetite for the real truth of things, leads to accurate and sustained observation, enables him to make deductions from the facts observed, and, by the way, prepares him to reject one of the fundamentals of evolution.

This college president is a man intensely interested in the theory of evolution; and, had he been just a little better acquainted with

the implications of his hobby, he could have perceived in this lowly incident a fact that throws doubt upon a main element in his theory.

For evolution implies that there is no essential difference between the apparent foresight of the wasp in storing food for her offspring and the real foresight of man in making provision for his children.

The stupidity of the highest wasps tends to invalidate the theory of the evolutionist; for these wasps have been declared (by Mr.

and Mrs. Peckham) to be toolusing. If they are, they bridge one

great gap between man and the lower animals. But they probably

are not; and it was observation by two such groups of students

afield that seems to me decisive against the supposed toolusing habits of Ammophila.

These facts are mentioned merely to show the wide sweep that simple observations of nature may take. My college friend displays lack of insight in supposing that to learn the ways of wasps

and spiders is of slight consequence. He goes on preaching a doctrine that everyday occurrences before his eyes, if a nature guide

should open them for him. would evidently reverse.

Eight Notable Nature Projects Before other groups of boy scouts, in Mill Creek canyon, also last summer, the following definite problems were put. Those

numbered 1, 3, 6, and 7, were readily answered by nearly all; 2, 4,

and 5 by several; while number 8 was a puzzle, solved by only

a few. 1. Locate, but do not go near, the nest of the hermit thrush—the bird that you

can hear singing so gloriously from the mountain side at dawn and at early evening.

The boys were told that this nest was within ten rods of tent No. 4, amid a witches'

broom, in a clump of fountain birch, not five feet from the ground.

2. Find and photograph, along the stream bank, the nest of the Traill flycatcher. From observation of its activities, estimate how many of our most annoying

insect foes, such as gnats, mosquitoes, deer flies, horse flies, blow flies, and house flies it destroys daily.

3. Discover and, by imitating their call—Phae, dee, dee,—attract to you a

flock of longtailed chickadees. By observing them as they work in the trees, give

your view of this saying: "No chickadees, no forests."

4. Lie in wait by the stream till the water ouzel comes along. Tell three remarkable things that it does. Why is it called the wonderbird?

396 IMPROVEMENT ERA

5. Collect a few leaves from each kind of tree or shrub growing in this canyon

within half a mile of the wigwam. Identify each from the leaf alone. Classify them

into three grades as preventers of floods and savers of mountain soil, giving reasons.

Which are most useful as (a) firewood, (b) building material, (c) forage for stock, (d) refuges for birds and wild life, (e) for ornamental planting in the valleys, (f) for renewal of the forest cover on barren hills?

6. Imitate the calls of chipmunk, ground squirrel, tree squirrel, coyote, coney,

rock chuck, badger, longcrested jay, magpie, grouse, etc. What does each feed upon?

What is its value to man?

7. Observe and name the large flying insect that hovers, poises, darts, and rests

on plants of the open ground in front of the wigwam. How many hundred midges,

gnats, mosquitoes, flying ants, etc., do you suppose it catches in an hour? What can

we do to aid it in its good work? (The dragon fly.)

8. Identify poison ivy and three of the hayfever weeds. How can we exterminate each? What first remedy for ivypoisoning grows all around the wigwam?

(The gum plant; also the golden rod.) What use did the pioneers make of the gum

plant? (Used it for arnica.) Note its three devices for protection against insect

enemies.

Striking Testimony of the SoilMakers

How nature makes the fine soil on which plants live, as contrasted with the coarse soil in which they merely stand, was the great problem. There, on the high cliffs, covering them in many

colors, were the evidences of this stupendous miracle of nature the rock lichens, mosslike but tightclinging patches of gray, green, red, yellow, brown, black. Scouts were advised to collect and

preserve some of these evidences of this marvelous, silent, agelong, and unnoticed major operation of nature, without which men must have remained savages and civilization been forever impossible. From

these high, cool places the scouts brought lichens, mosses, alumroots, rock mats (Pterophytons), fragile ferns, and mountain lover.

Scoutmasters, greatly impressed by this lesson, treasured its proofs, its specimens, and its sweeping implications.

II. What Boys Can Do for Nature Study

Notwithstanding a popular notion to the contrary, boys really like to work. This is especially true when they feel that they are

doing big things. With a little directed effort in nature study, boys

can do big things for other people, and even for people in distant places.

One scout troop of Salt Lake City, at the writer's suggestion, made a collection of canyon wild flowers, preserving and mounting them according to the directions given. This herbarium of perhaps

200 species, each with its true common name, was taken a few years ago to the international meeting of scouts in London. The

collection was greatly admired, for our plants are easily dried in summer, most of them retaining their colors. Scientists, artists,

and botanists of various nations gathered around this unique work

SUMMER WORK FOR SCOUT TROOPS 397

of a troop of boy scouts; many sincere expressions of approval and

interest were heard. That little exhibit of Utah flowers made many

friends for of science and learning. It Utah—friends among men

was a remarkable piece of missionary work, and so easily effected!

Moreover, what it had done for the boys who, under Mr. Heisler,

had prepared the flowers, can be readily imagined. The main point,

however, is that what this troop, No. 51, did with results so remarkable and with such enthusiasm and development in the doing,

almost every scout troop can do without much trouble. The chief

need is a scoutmaster who knows (a) the wild flowers, or (b) the trees and shrubs, or (c) the desert species, or (d) the weeds and wonder plants of farms and dry lands. Each troop should specialize

on the plants of a certain area or of a certain kind. This would

avoid wholesale duplications, and would insure the exchanging of neighborly kind of reciprocityplants among different troops—a

And aid.

What Scouts Can Do For Scientists

Let each troop make a herbarium of a certain group of plants, and deposit a duplicate set with scout headquarters. Then the

council, by writing to various museums and to other scout troops throughout the Union and certain foreign countries, could ascertain which museums and troops would deem it a great favor to receive a set of our plants. The council could then, with the compliments

of the troop that gathered the plants, send the collection free to the scientific institution or scout organization that desires it.

What this procedure would mean to scouting, to Utah, to the boys and others who engage in it, is beyond one's power to estimate. So good a turn by any troop of Utah scouts would earn the

gratitude, the praise, and the respect of each scientific body that received the flowers. And the work can be done if we really desire

to do it. Scoutmaster Bybee of Hooper collected a thousand species

in a single year; from 100 to 300 can be secured during any summer

outing of a few days by a scout troop. Just how to do this need

not be shown here. It is enough at present to say without hesitation that this great work is possible. The manner of doing it, the

preparation of the scoutmasters, the direction of the scouts, the details for the drying, mounting, and naming of the specimens, must come later.

In making such collections, boys learn, not merely names, but distinctive marks, and not infrequently the botanical features that separate species from one another and the chief outward characters that belong to groups or genera. Herbert Spencer remarks that to

classify objects of nature, we learn, not only the names of things, but the marks they have and the classes they belong to; and classification, or the building up of concepts, is what is meant by educa-

a

398 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion. Let no one, therefore, suppose that this kind of work, though

simple and pleasurable, is not truly scientific. It cultivates perception, memory, order, and generalization; it teaches truth at

first hand, appeals to judgment and discrimination, and lays the best foundation for the future study of more advanced topics in nature.

Nature is the Science for all People

But will the reader kindly observe what this high praise of a simple and easily acquired kind of knowledge does not imply?

Nature in the open with only eyes, ears, nose, science—or work

hands, and the sense of weather and temperature as equipment is not claimed to be better than college science, which consists largely of indoor work in laboratories, with costly equipment. The claim

is only that nature science is different. Without question, both are

excellent. But the study of nature in the open is for all people,

without exception, since there are none who cannot do well in it;

while most of the regular college science is for specialists only. Nature science is that which each and all may acquire with a minimum

of effort and with little instruction and guidance when once a true beginning has been made in it. And youth is the time to make this

beginning. "Strike while the iron is hot."

Few, I fancy, can have wholly forgotten the elation, the vigor, the joy, "the unbought grace of life,"that they experienced in youth from the discovery of little secrets of nature in the open when they first explored region after region of the great outof-doors.

If there is, in the entire field of education, anything else more stimulating, more ennobling, more uplifting than these contacts of youth with nature, it has not been recalled by any of the great writers, who seem to be a unit in giving this testimony.

Have you not noticed the fire of this enthusiasm in the eyes of boys and girls who make discoveries afield? Charmed with the

ways of wild life and the fragrant breath of woodland and canyon, they note with absorbed interest the doings of bird, insect, woodchuck, or coyote, and thrill at the gorgeous beauty of each new wild flower. To witness the character development, the sharpening of the mental powers, the stabilizing of the power to attend and

conquer, that come from directed observation in the open, is a revelation to those who have not had the privilege of participating in this kind of summer work with boys. To every normal youth,

nature work in summer is truly recreation; it is almost play—

fascinating game with moving pictures thrown in. Scoutmasters

are for it to a man; they are not slow to discover the zest and zeal,

the energetic persistence, the spiritual uplift, that grow out of the discovery of wonders concealed in common objects and everyday phenomena.

GET OUT OF DOORS

Get out of doors! 'Tis here you'll find

The better thanks of heart and mind,

Get out beneath some stretch of sky

And watch the white clouds drifting by,

And all the pretty thoughts will fade

Before the wonders God has made.

Go wade a trout stream in the spring,

And brother with the birds awing;

Know what it means to wander far,

Your guide the sun or evening star.

Who sleeps beneath the open sky

Soon grows too big to tell a lie.

Get out of doors, the fields are clean,

The woods will teach you nothing mean.

Who toils beneath the summer sun

Sleeps soundest when his work is done.

If splendid manhood you would know,

Get out where you've a chance to grow.

Read deeply kindly nature's books,

Familiarize yourself with brooks,

And with the majesty of trees,

The constant industry of bees,

And all that shapes the Master's plan.

They'll teach you how to be a man.

Edgar A. Guest.

Top: Children's party on 5. S. Leviathan. The young lady standing next to Director

Cornwall is Miss Dorothy Fosdick. daughter of Harry Emerson Fosdick. Bottom: Soloist

and chorus from "The Sailor's Sweetheart."a musical comedy written and produced in

Tourist class on the Leviathan.

Creative Expression By Claude C. Cornwall

persons nowadays aspire to do original things. WeMOSTadmire, of course, the creative writers, poets and artists

as they develop among our number, but this does not content us. So the circle of those who wish to try their hand at original

things is growing wider. Particularly is this true in our recreational

expression, in the drama, in music, in the dance.

Capitalizing on this idea, I attempted last summer on the

Leviathan to secure the interest and ideas of everyone who wished to have his finger in the pie. So a program which was delightful

for its originality was generally the happy result. On many a

voyage we were entertained with dramatic sketches or musical comedy, written, rehearsed and produced enroute. And I have

thought that a larger amount of pleasure was had during the rehearsal and writing hours, while the act was taking form, than during its final presentation.

Even the children enjoyed most the games which they made up themselves, and the delightful parties characteristic of every voyage were colored with originality. Vaulting over the large cage ball was a

game invented on the boat by the youngsters and it was the most popular game at the children's play hour, all summer long. And

not only were these original games delightful among the children who were playing, but they furnished interesting entertainment to the crowds who watched the groups, fascinated by their ingenuity.

Imagine yourself among a thousand others, waiting anxiously each evening to see what new stunts have been created during the day within the groups you have seen rehearsing all afternoon in the various deck corners. The sun has gone down like a ball of fire

buried in the placid sea. It is growing dark. Passengers are crowding into deck chairs and benches or on the rigging and rails. At the

piano, in the center of the group, the accompanist is playing an introduction to old, familiar songs. Word sheets are distributed

and groups are calling for their favorite numbers. A man from

the South wants Dixie. A harmonizing group calls for My Bonnie

or Sweet Adeline. Then the director suggests, Sea Scout Chantey,

Haul Away the Bowlin, and soon an atmosphere of happy hilarity is created. There are smiles just as broad as mine on the faces of

everyone. "Now for the big show,"shouts the director, and it is soon

402 IMPROVEMENT ERA

evident that the afternoon's rehearsals have not been wasted. The

actors are all ready, and they present their efforts under such titles as, "First Comes Last,""Knocker's Club,""Should she invite him in?"etc., but the climax is "The Sailor's Sweetheart."It seems that

the sailor is supposed to have a sweetheart in every port. (This

theory was tested by one of the passengers who asked a sailor if he had a sweetheart in every port. "No ma'am,"he replied, we don't

call at every port.")

One of the sketches, called "A Lass from Alaska,"written by a group from Oxford University and assisted by Miss Harwood of

Boston, was a thriller. It was a motion picture production with

dog teams drawing sleds (deck chairs) over the frozen northland.

The avalanche (of pillows from the deck above) which buried the hero; the snowstorm (corn flakes); the rescue by the faithful dog;

the discovery of gold; all lent a thrill only to be surpassed by the

aeroplane scene, when the hero arrived (by rope from the mast) just in time to save his sweetheart from marrying the villain.

The melody of Till We Meet Again rings clearly and harmoniously from a thousand voices, then Good Night Ladies and the

Taps and a happy crowd wanders slowly back to staterooms, or to dance on the deck, or to look at the moon, lingering here and there to visit a bit with groups who were strangers a few days before but are now fast becoming good friends. They have learned the

delights of creating their own recreation.

To Fit the Scheme Sublime

Things move on to their own due end;

They do not move to mine.

'Tis I must alter, mould and bend

To fit the scheme sublime.

Life flows on to the open sea,

I spar the billows dim—

My own a tempered oar must be That braves my bark to Him.

Mesa, Arizona. BERTHA A. KLEINMAN

Monuments That Endure By Harrison R. Merrill

three years ago on the sixteenth of October, 1927, theJUST Executive Committee of the Board of Trustees of Brigham

Young University broke ground on University Hill for the erection of the new Heber J. Grant Library. One year later the

building was dedicated by the man after whom it was named.

Since that time more than two happy, prosperous years have passed, and in that time at least two thousand men and women,

Heber J. Grant Library. Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

404 IMPROVEMENT ERA

among whom will be found some of the leaders of tomorrow, have gone into the new temple of learning and have come out with their faces illumined, and with a new vision of truth in their hearts. Each

one, in a way, has carried with him a vision of the temple and a new interpretation of truth.

In the temples built without hands are men's most enduring monuments. Stones will crumble, towers will be overthrown,

graves will be forgotten, but the monuments erected in the hearts of men will endure. Like the protoplasm or the undiscovered lifecell, they will be transmitted from generation to generation. Abraham was buried in a simple cave in Palestine; Moses went away into

the mountains and the place of his burial no man knows; Joseph

. Smith was secretly buried, but all three men live on. They had

dropped truth into the hearts of men and the truths have endured.

The Heber J. Grant Library is the receptacle of truth. It

may not endure forever, but the truths gathered there by men will endure and multiply. The name of the man after whom the building was christened will stand so long as men still live and search

for truth upon the earth, for he is a searcher for truth, a disseminator of truth. It was fitting that the library should be given his name, for

'through it he will have a vast posterity of intellectual children.

It was fitting that the new library should be erected so near to that other monument erected by a loving alumni to the memory of a great teacher. Karl G. Maeser had erected his own monuments

in the hearts of his students; he needed no sarcophagus of stone.

The alumni, then, were altogether wise in building to his memory a building from which truth might emanate and take hold of the lives of students who are to follow them, for thus are the monuments to Karl G. Maeser multiplied in a form that will endure.

When one steps upon the campuses of large Eastern universities, especially private ones, one is surprised and delighted to learn that men, rich men especially, have come to the centers of learning to build their most beautiful and most lasting monuments. Judge

Gary may be forgotten as a steel magnate, but he will live forever as lawyer and judge, for the reason that lawyers and judges, legions of them, on account of the splendid law school he endowed in

Chicago, will have in their hearts truths which he made available for them. Mrs. Montgomery Ward may be forgotten as the rich

wife of the founder of one of the world's greatest mailorder enterprises, but she will be remembered forever by the medical and dental profession for the training she made possible through her construction of a great medical institution.

Monuments in cemeteries are rapidly becoming oldfashioned.

MONUMENTS THAT ENDURE 405

Men are now building them before they die on campuses of educational institutions. They are building the "house by the side of the

road,"so to speak, where their service will never end. Judge Gary

has now passed away, and his body has been laid in a little country churchyard where the stillness will rarely be broken except upon

Decoration Day, or upon occasions when others are laid beside him;

but, I fancy, he rests sweetly and serenely in his quiet sepulchre, knowing that he has set up an institution that will carry on his ambitions and will force his spirit through the law practice for hundreds of years. I fancy I can hear him repeat verses from Sam

Walter Foss'famous poem:

"Let me live in a house by the side of the road,

Where the race of men go byThe men who are good and the men who are bad,

As good or as bad as I.

I would not sit in the scorner's seat

Or hurl the cynic's ban—

Let me live in a house by the side of the road

And be a friend to man.

"I see from my house by the side of the road,

By the side of the highway of life,

The men who press with the ardor of hope.

The men who are faint with the strife,

But I turn not away from their smiles nor their tears.

Both parts of an infinite plan

Let me live in a house by the side of the road

And be a friend to man."

"The life of a loved one does not end. It simply goes on. Its work is done

here, only to be taken up in 'the other room.'We lived before and we live

after here. We are not summer flies that live but for a day. Nature teaches us this.

The rotation of the trees in the woods: the succession of the seasons: the leaf that

(alls in the autumn turns into nurture for the new leaf of the spring. There is no end.

It becomes easier to believe this when the other shore begins to be peopled by our loved ones. We can never feel for others until we have felt ourselves: we know not

how to extend sympathy until it has been meted out to us. Life looks different

after the light of a life dear to us has gone on. The physical presence may be denied us.

but the spiritual takes its place, strengthening, heartening, reviving and uplifting.

Those who leave us are never far off: they are real and near to us. And oftimes

when the heart is saddest, the load heaviest and the trial greatest, it is they who stretch out their hands to us and give us fresh courage, that we wonder whence it came.

It is only that with our eyes we can see not and with our ears we can hear not. One

only needs to lose a good mother to know and learn this truth: to learn it so deeply

and truly that no ism or cult or creed can shake that belief. It is then that clarity of

vision comes: when the eye sees clearly and the mind and heart and soul unite in but

one fixed truth: that we go on. The western gates close only to let the eastern gates

open."B. Y. U. Leadership Week

By Dr. Joseph S. Amussen

It has been my good fortune to have Each evening there was a dance, play, a delightful experience. I attended Leaderconcert or reception to add to the pleasship Week at the Brigham Young Uniure of those attending. Each noon the

versity.* B. Y. U. cafeteria served a wholesome

Here, once a year, the leaders in our and well prepared lunch.

religious and cultural activities can come To sum up, we were fed in the very and, during one week, receive intensive inbest way, spiritually, aesthetically, menstructions on subjects in which they are tally and physically.

interested. Recreation, history, journalTo illustrate how the subjects seemed

ism, music, psychology, home problems, to correlate themselves, I will relate a farm problems, improvement in teaching, little experience of my own. Under the

theology, art appreciation, literature, genheading, "Man and his Physical Environealogy, scouting, are among the subjects ment,"Dr. Carl F. Eyring gave a lecture

taught. "Since the establishment of on "Waves and Wiggles,"and illustrated

Leadership Week, seven years ago, thouwith a rope, with one end fixed and the sands of men and women from all over other quickly moved, how an impulse or the West have come to the institution and wavelike motion could be sent down the here they have received the means of living rope and would be reflected back to the a richer and more joyous life. The instarting point. He illustrated this with

spiration and information which they have longcoil springs; then explained the

carried home have been radiated through vibration back and forth in musical hundreds of communities."f strings, and in columns of air in wind

The theme of Leadership Week this musical instruments. It all showed how

year was "Man's Quest for Joy,"and a impulses, messages and sounds are carried particularly helpful program was given. back and forth in the physical world.

In addition to the regular class instrucThe next hour I attended Dr. A. N.

tion of the faculty members of the uniMerrill's class, on "Improvement in Teachversity, there were given during the course ing,"and listened to Miss Myrtie Jensen appropriate addresses by our Church leaddemonstrate how lesson material can be era, as follow: enriched with story, song, poetry and

Elder Stephen L. Richards, "Joy Through mottoes. She chose "Prayer"as her subWholesome Association."ject for demonstration.

Elder Melvin J. Ballard, "Joy Through Listening to the beautiful thoughts she

SelfMastery."expressed on prayer, and having just Elder David O. McKay, "Joy Through

SelfRealization."come from Dr. Eyring's class on "Waves

Elder Richard R. Lyman, "Finding Joy and Wiggles,"my thoughts seemed natThrough Intellectual Growth."urally to connect the two together. "Why.

President Heber J. Grant, "Leadership in yes,"I thought, "prayer is a logical thing.

Civic Righteousness."

Dr. Adam S. Bennion, "Joy in Pioneering."Just as we can in the laboratory touch

Elder B. H. Roberts, "Legacy of the Pioone end of a stretched cord and the imneers."pulse going to the other end is reflected

President A. W. Ivins, "The Husbandback to us, so is there a bond or relationof Tomorrow."man

George Albert Smith, "Finding Joy ship holding us to our Father in heaven, Elder

Through Service to Others."and prayer is the impulse at this end and

January 2327. 1928.

j-p. S. Harris, president of the Brigbam Young University.

B. Y. U. LEADERSHIP WEEK 407

the answer to prayer is the reflection An especially fine program was arback."Other analogies suggested themranged on recreation with demonstrations

selves and were amplified by the lecture, of socials, dances and games.

next morning, on "When Space Talks and I heard praise of all the classes, but

Sings."no criticism.

Then came a lecture on "Things Great Irving Bachellert states that in his view and Things Small."and we ware told that the most dangerous persons in a democthe smallest units of matter are like inracy are indifferent parents'and college

finitesimal solar systems, with varying professors without reverence.

numbers of electrons revolving in differThe instructions we received during ent orbits around a central nucleus. Then Leadership Week and the way in which

we were shown on the screen pictures of they were given served to demonstrate planets and the solar system, clusters of that our teachers were not only prostars, and then universes. At the end of gressive but were also reverent.

the lecture. Dr. Eyring said: "Speaking As to the boys and girls who are studyas a scientist, my greatest hope is that ing under these instructors. I can best deat some future time my Father will give scribe them by the word, "gentle."They

me a world to work with, and that I will are gentle in all the lovely meaning of learn how worlds are made, and that after that term. Were I a parent, there is no

that he will give me a cluster of stars. other school I would rather have my boy

It may sound egotistical but that is what or girl attend than the Brigham Young

I hope."University at Prove

Susa Young Gates, who was persent To all our leaders throughout the and taking a decided interest in the proChurch and to those who wish to become ceedings, exclaimed: "That is> not egotism, leaders. I commend the Annual Leaderthat is Mormonism."And so it is. ship Week.

Opinions of a Cheerful Yankee, p. 116.

Hollywood, California.

Life

What is life with all its beauties? What is life with all its gloom.

Tucked away in man so mortal, trying ever just to bloom?

There's a soul in every human, tarnished often, you can see;

But there's hope for all who seek it, plodding to eternity.

In the turmoil of your travels, in the tasks that come your way,

Stop and think and feel the gladness that is ushered in each day:

When the sun is slowly sinking through the shadows in the west,

Then's the time to ask your question, have I tried to do my best?

Look at nature in her beauty; she is urging you along.

Ever onward, ever upward, on the pathway of the strong.

Never cease your steady climbing, reach the goal of happiness;

There you'll gain life's greatest blessing when your soul is there at rest.

LOWELL BIDDULPH The Secret Divulged By Carter E. Grant, Jordan L. D. S. Seminary

"Nope!"declared the prosperous Dry now, setting 'em aside, thank sir—justFarmer positively, "I've never even goodness!"And the owner of the great

talked about it to the wife there. Bestretches of well tilled soil arose, and, stepsides, I've come to notice that bunches ping to the side of the porch, gazed inof things happening for teaching lessons tently across the large field with eyes

are meant pretty well for the receiver set toward the rising dust from his drills himself and no one else. And then, you and tractor.

see, the other fellow is kept from checkThe journal writer, looking well toing on your doings, exclaiming all the ward his own interests, suggested to himwhile, 'See, I told you so!'"self, "I believe I'm making it all right.

"That's Aaron, over and over!"deThat kodak's bulging with telling shots

clared the trim figure of a middleaged about the ranch here; now, if I can just

wife, as she continued across the large get this man's story as to how it was acporch, carrying a well filled butterbowl. complished, the whole think will sell like

"If he's something he's wishing to keep, hot cakes."

you'll have a time getting it! You surely A second later Mr. Ball turned testiwill. You might as well try sprouting fyingly as he reached his widerimmed

the wheat they're drilling in those dusty white hat, "I'm sure I've sacked up everylittle rain and sunshine. That's how isn't so blamed interested as you think in—afields yonder. It takes a bit of coaxing thing for you but the chaff! Your paper

it is, Mr. Weston. And then, after that, my business, I'm sure of that. Hear that

it's generally shooting and green before tractor down yonder? Doesn't sound just

you think it's hardly sprouting. Aaron's right to me!"And then both men projust that way. You see, he's lived with ceeded down toward the motor shed. As

the wheat a good many years now."At the drilling outfit was now at the farthest

this, the woman disappeared down the end of the field, the conversation again cement steps, leading into a large dairyreverted to past crops, weather, successes, cellar. etc.

As warned by a good housewife, the "Well,"exclaimed Mr. Ball, finally,

enthusiastic farm journal correspondent, "surely you're persistent! I guess I may as

knowing how frail his writeup would be well tell you right out how we kept going without Mr. Ball's story of things, proand saved the farm. The incident back

ceeded more carefully. of it seems more forceful to me, possibly,

"How long did you say, Mr. Ball, you because I've never shared the tale with anystruggled against odds here before you beone! I seem to be a sort of believer in

gan pulling things your way?"the old adage that there's bushels of virtue

"Well, it was five years to the very in the secret what's known to thyself fall. And, as I was telling you, they were alone. At least, that's how I've settled

long, hard ones, and mostly cloudy. If it.

the sun broke through at all, it seldom "That particular fall I have in mind,"stayed long enough at a spell to make continued the man with the broad hat, us notice it. You see, until we turned whose face and eyes talked expressively,

farmers we'd had some sort of wages, at "we just seemed backed into the farthest least every month, but after being here a corner of emptyness! For a fact, that's

while we got nothing but debts and dunhow it appeared. Being discouraged, hardners. But we're forgetting those days ly expresses how I felt. Many and many

THE SECRET DIVULGED 409

a time when I got my mail I went out slowly and surely forward, and always in to the stable to read the letters for they the same direction.

were all of the cloudy sort. As time wore "'Where on earth do you think you're

on, every turn seemed flanked by disbound?'I half demanded, as my eyes

appointments, mortgages, and creditors. At carefully scanned the level field ahead of

times I felt we were staked out. and had it. 'When you really find the job you've

reached the last dead halt of the rope's tackled,'I continued, 'you'll soon be off end. Mary and I again started looking for new picking!'

toward the old tedious workingman's life. "As I was rising to leave, my eyes

Already we were dreading the loss of what caught sight of another little tribesman, freedom we'd had. for the wife and chilcoming like a 'bear for honey.''A fight

dren and I had spent many happy hours for sure!'I exclaimed, leaning closer, very

together, in spite of our ups and downs. determined that the refereeing job should

"What you seem to be after, though, end in proper rewards. 'If that stranger's

happened fifteen years ago this very fall too much for this original possessor or just such a day as this. I was down on attempts any "rough stuff,"it'll surely

that big field yonder, drilling the very last hear from me!'And I emphasized the

speck of grain we could rake up. That thought by determining the punishment of

very morning, rather anticipating failure, the rival, should it prove the stronger. To

I protested to the wife, 'No need seeding my great surprise, both little red bodies this wheat, Mary! We'll never be staying tackled the wheat together and away they

for the harvest. The most sensible thing hurried. Now, one worked backward,

to do is to turn it into mush and flour then the other, then both moved sidefor the family, making sure of something wise, switching, turning, twisting, pushat least until I can find a job.'But, as ing as they proceeded toward their destinausual, Mary insisted on going as far as tion. 'I'll bet that newcomer is the first

possible; so down to the drilling I went. party's wife,'I announced half jocularly.

"Scanning the ground on every side as "As we had but little rain that year, I stepped out in the direction the ants things were dry and dusty. But I had were traveling. I found no sign of hill or

kept the harrows going, leaving a dandy hole; cellar or granary. Then I stood

mulch on top. During the afternoon, while looking doubtfully across the large field

giving the horses a puff, I climbed down towards the sagebrushfence line.

from the drill and lay stretching myself As a marker, I dropped my handkerfor a moment in the warm autumn sun. chief and climbed upon the drill and was

"Very nearly worried to death, I began off. By the time I returned, I was inturning things over and over in my mind tensely interested. After a little careful

again, trying to convince myself that it search, there were my friends again. But

might be possible, in spite of everything, to what do you think I saw? Well, each tiny

get enough seed to do the planting, and little 'redpepper'now had a kernel of its that somehow we could live through own! There they were, a few inches apart,

another year. As I raised upon my elbow, working laboriously yet anxiously for-

I happened to notice a little red ant, ward. I was plum disgusted; and could

struggling with amazing energy; carrying, they have understood plain English they

pulling, and half dragging a plump kernel would certainly have changed their manner of wheat along. At first as I gazed at of 'carryingon.'Once more I hurried

its rapid shifts and maneuverings, I suppast them on a trip of inspection, but posed the little fellow was excited at my found no sign of winterquarters.

presence; but as I watched more closely, "Again I drove away saying, 'How on

I found that this alertness was a sort earth do those little red specks of bony of native characteristic of the tiny fellow's shell and legs know where they are going?

working methods. Never pausing for an Who tells them that these short days and

instant, it just kept its burden moving cool nights are hurrying on toward the 410 IMPROVEMENT ERA

long winter? Something certainly puts fully was it, that my own mountainit into their tiny heads that only by inlike trails hid themselves in the backcessant labor can they cherish hopes of ground; especially so as I began considersurviving.'Then, as I scanned the field ing my superior judgment, intelligence,

on every side, I wondered how many other and reason. You know, I felt that those

little red scouts were at that very moment little creatures were showing perseverreturning tediously toward some appointed ance and endurance beyond anything I rendezvous. had ever known.

"The autumn evening was settling cold "That very night the tide turned; no

and dusky as I leaned down to watch the one ever heard me telling my trouble any little couple a minute before bidding them more. The family marveled at my sudgood-night. As far as I could interpret den change, and as I'd never discuss the

matters, the fence line some ten hours reason they all had it down in black and away was their destination. Then, as I white that I'd had some strange apparition

Idrove reagain again homeward, and cross my pathway. Little did they realize peated, little those givefolks 'When will how lowly were the messengers.up or giveout?'And then I added percreditors, being overwhelmed by plexingly, 'Can it be possible they mean "My

to go all night?'my new stock of persistency, came through

"You know, Mr. Weston, from then with enough help that I secured plenty

until now, when I have thought of the ants, of seed and a year's grist besides.

I have been angry at myself for not getting "That's about the whole story, sir!

a lantern and following those bits of perOnly that we all kept moving until that sistency to some satisfactory ending. At seeding was finished. Some of the fellows

least I could tell my friends something down the line swore that I was drilling about ants that I have never seen written too early, but a storm was brewing and in a book. we were determined to finish before it

"That evening as I did my chores, the broke. By the time winter set in. our

lesson taught by those sturdy little red fields were beautiful to look as at—green

bugs gripped itself upon me. So forcespring pastures! Those busy ants did it."

Sandy, Utah.

The Seed of Love A wee little seed in my garden grew,

Where it came from I did not know.

It lay cold and still the long winter through.

Frozen and covered with snow.

The spot where it lay was kissed by the sun.

And the seed to a flower grew;

It trembled and smiled as it burst into bloom—

A blossom of wonderful hue.

A wee spark of love J found in my heart.

When it entered I cannot say;

It burst into flame as your lovely form came

Smiling so sweetly today;

Then I knew why the seed in my garden fell,

Why 'twas kissed by the sun and grew, 'Twas the flower of love; it come from above:

I will pluck it and give it to you.

Elko, Nevada. GEORGE J. FOX

Lung Power By H. L. Johnston

We were gathered around the blazing, murmuring waters lulled us. it did sound

crackling logs of our campfire. as though voices were speaking, but in

Now and then the flame died down for strange weird tones. As we lay listening,

a brief moment, casting our faces in the magic of the voices did their work dickering shadows, and then flared higher, so well that the first thing we realized lighting up the trees and casting a ruddy it was dawn, and Dad was calling us to glow upon the laughing, leaping waters breakfast.

of Snow Creek, and giving all objects in I'll wager that on this morning, as we the neighborhood a dancing, grotesque apate our meal, we three youngsters never pearance. felt better in our lives. Here, in the very

It was our first night in Camp Hoodoo; heart of the towering San Jacinto, Nature

so named by Dad Johnson, the oldest was at her best, and we felt a strange member of our group, which consisted of exhilaration as we laughed, jested, and

George. Buck. Dad, and the writer. sang, and joked Dad about his great

For months we had planned this trip growth of chin whiskers.

into the rugged beauty of San Jacinto's At last we were fairly started up the desert side. It was our very first venture steep trail to the hunting grounds. We

after deer. carried a light lunch, a canteen filled, and

With the exception of Dad, we were our guns and ammunition.

all healthy youngsters, around twentyDad was in the lead, and we wondered four or five, while Dad was a man nearat his spryness, and the gait at which he ing sixty. started out. We wondered how long he

We sat around our glorious campfire, could keep it up. Soon we started wonis, all except dering how long we could keep up withsmoking our pipes—that

Dad. As far as any of us knew, he had Dad.

never smoked in his life. We often wonIn thirty minutes we called a halt; for

dered what enjoyment he could possibly a smoke, so we told Dad. We took great

get out of a night like the one I am depains to make that smoke last as long as scribing, without a pipe. He didn't seem possible.

to be missing anything, however, and we Once more the climb was commenced, sat and listened to his tales of hunting with Dad not saying a leadword—just

and trapping until nearly midnight. ing on sturdily and as chipper as ever.

At last he got up from his seat, He was always in the lead, and to our stretched himself and said: amazement seemed to have caught his sec-

"I reckon if we are going to take the ond wind and was growing stronger every trail at daylight in the morning, we'd minute.

better turn in."For an hour we climbed; silent, with

We carefully extinguished the fire, as the exception of our noisy breathing.

instructed by Dad, and turned in for a Our lungs were laboring. Huge drops of

night's sleep on our bed of pine needles sweat started streaming over us until our with blankets spread on top. very clothes were as wet as if they had

As we lay there, George said: been thrown into Snow Creek. We were

"Listen to the creek. Its singing us a eagerly watching for some sign of a let

goodnight song, but I don't know what up from Dad. It was hopeless. The old

it is trying to say. Doesn't it sound like guide and hunter showed not a sign of

voices?"stopping. At last we could stand it no

We listened, and as the sound of the longer. Dropping into the grateful shade

412 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of a boulder, wc managed to gain enough time if I could have followed wherever breath to tell Dad that we were going he led without falling by the wayside.

to rest. What would I not have given if I could

"I've heard that mountain climbing have been with him now, leading the is hard on the wind,"panted Buck. others and as fresh a9 a daisy.

"Must be caused by so high an altitude."We managed to reach the hunting

"The air is pretty rare, up this high,"grounds some way, but we were too tired said George, fanning himself with his to hunt. It was Dad who killed the

hat and reaching for his canteen. He took buck, dressed him and led the way back

a long drink, washed his mouth with the to our little camp below.

water and then spit it out. He looked We had no thoughts for anything but

half sick. our blankets, where we rested and at last,

"What's the matter?"I asked. feeling better, sat up and lit our pipes

"I don't know,"faintly; "that water and smoked while Dad cooked us our

even makes me sick. I just naturally first meal of venison.

feel all gone."

Dad joined us and stood smiling as he That evening, once more around the noticed our plight. campfire, feeling somewhat better, our

"What's the matter, youngsters? Out pipes going, the day's grind forgotten.

of wind?"George asked Dad to join in and smoke

He was breathing as naturally as if with us.

he had been walking on a sidewalk, and Dad smiled a very knowing smile as we marveled. he refused.

I "Well, we'll take it easier from now "Haven't you ever smoked Dad?"

on. Don't drink too much water, boys, asked.

it'll make you sick.""Yes; long ago."

"What made you quit?"

As we gained our feet, and once more "The same thing that happened to you started the climb, I, for one, felt that all boys today,"replied Dad.

the strength and snap had left me forever. "Oh, go on. What has that to doGone was the exhilaration of early mornwith us? That was because the air was ing. Gone was all the joy of being perso light up yonder,"said George.

mitted to be out here in God's big out- "The air makes a little difference, I'll doors, in so wonderful a setting of forest, admit,"agreed Dad, "but not to the exstream and mountain. I would have tent it worked on you fellows today. If

liked nothing better in the world, at that it hadn't been for your pipe smoking, time, than to have been allowed to stay you'd have made that climb as easy as in the shade of the boulder, or even to could be. It took me a good many years have been in the stuffy little office back

in Los Angeles. Some difference now, to find out that smoking cuts down a

until lung man's he starts panting power and then. I remembered how eagerly I

at for the least exertion. breath That's

had counted the days back in that stuffy why I quit."office, and marked them off the calendar

if he as they passed, and the time drew around "What would a fellow do, Dad, at last that released me from my was all alone in some place, couldn't see slavery of routine work for a four weeks'anybody, or go any place?"asked Buck.

stay in the mountains. Well, here I was, "He'd go crazy if he couldn't get a smoke."

and unable to enjoy myself. It seemed "If he didn't have the habit, he'd

strange, for I had always considered never think of a smoke in the first place,"myself no weakling. replied Dad.

I drew a little satisfaction when I "You are right,"admitted Buck. "If

knew that George and Buck were in the it was smoking that made me feel the same fix I was in. How I envied Dad. way T did today, I'm going to throw this

I would have given my left hand at that pipe away. What do you say, boys?

LUNG POWER 413

let's give Dad's idea a tryout."air. and healthful exercise helped us out:

We started the next day. and although and I. for one. was never so happy as the

there were times when our nerves felt day I climbed the trail leading to the frayed and we seemed at outs with the hunting grounds and finished neck and whole world; pure mountain water, fresh neck with dear old Dad.

Shaffer. Nevada.

The Song of the Cricket

Trill, trill, trill, trill, song of the soft afterglow,

Trill, trill, trill, trill, but one single song dost thou know.

Steady and strong is your evening song,

Cheering the night when the sun's glare is gone.

Stars for your lamp, and a thin pale moon,

The whispering is your orchestra tune.

Sing on, O singer, both steady and strong,

We minstrels of night sing your onenote song.

Not like the Lark in the morn's grey dawn,

For with several clear notes he buildeth his song:

But thou, wee dark cricket, your pulsing note lends

A charm to the night and a thought to my friends:

And the feeling that comes with the lilt of thy lay

Gives peace to the soul and drives trouble away.

No singer but thee, with a measure so strong.

Could sing such a classic with one note to his song.

Oft in the gloaming when quiet doth reign,

I wonder and pause at so simple a strain,

Thy song and the breeze and the gleam of a star.

The night and the day, the peace and the war,

All tell but one story, all sing but one song:

That we cannot turn back, but must ever move on.

Then, sing, tiny minstrel, from your home 'neath the clod.

The one note of your lay is the work of our God.

Could mortals, like crickets, in unison sing.

And each do his part with so measured a swing.

The whole song of life would be a sweet lay,

And millennial dawn would not be far away:

A nation would grow and a city would spring,

And a task would turn quick to a more pleasant thing.

From the ant, then, O sluggard, a lesson I bring.

To the cricket, O mortal, and learn how to sing!

Ogden. Utah. M. CHARLES WOOD

Messages from the Missions "And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached for itness unto all nations; and

then shall the end come."(Matthew 24:14.)

Progress in Long Beach District

The missionary conference of the Long accompanied by divine blessings. All the

Beach district, held December 17 and 18, missionary of the district and some of the at Santa Ana, was evidence of the satisvisitors had the privilege, in at least one factory progress made in this district durof the general meetings, to bear their testiing the last year. The members of the mony. President Joseph W. McMurrin

Church in the various branches are cogave profitable instructions to both misoperating with the missionaries in spreadsionaries and Saints. O. Robert Mcing the gospel, and their efforts have been Kintey, district president.

Missionaries of the Long Beach District

Top row, left to right: DeLeal Yergensen, Monroe, Utah: Jean Fossum, Baker. Oregon;

O. Robert McKinley, district president, Newdale, Idaho; Helen Forsha, St. George, Utah;

Kenneth Summers, Paradise, Utah. Second row: Rulon J. Weston, Laketown, Utah;

Edith M. Lind, Lynn, Utah; Joseph W. McMurrin, president California mission; Marion

E. Taylor, Ogden, Utah; Lorin M. Noble. Smithfield, Utah. Third row: Emery Gurney.

McGrath, Canada; Vaughan H. Taylor, Salt Lake City; Ethel Chadwick, Liberty. Utah,

(transferred to San Bernardino district); Earcel Ostler, Salt Lake City; Lester Watson,

Blackfoot, Idaho. Bottom row: W. E. Cranney, Logan, Utah; James J. Willard, Salt

Lake City; Ruben Dotson, Minersville, Utah.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 415

Banner Year for the Western States

The missionaries of the Western States record for the mission. Four hundred

mission rejoice and are encouraged over sixtyone were baptized into the Church the wonderful progress made in the year The following picture represents a group ol 1927. They have stimulated in the missionaries assembled at the Denver dishearts of many people a desire earnestly trict semiannual conference and who con

to investigate the gospel. Frequently new tributed greatly in making the past year a

homes were opened for cottage meetings. wonderful success. The elders express their

The efforts of the elders and lady misgratitude for the Improvement Era and sionaries, the past year, brought a banner send greetings to all.

T %

Western States Missionaries

First row, left to right: T. Wendell Bayles. Clayron M. Coalwell. Beth Kenney. Lillian

Mellor. Josephine Thomas. Harry J. Davies. Dale S. Gibb. Arthur L. Taylor. Second row:

Richard K. Knight. Edward H. Mortensen. Willi.im Blackburn. Jos. L. Taylor, Florence

Knight. Relief Society president: John M. Knight, mission president: Everett Bennion

mission secretary: Chas. Reed Seymour, district president: Warwick C. Lamoreaux. supciintendent of Sunday schools: Ferrin A. Hale. Third row: Fern Kirkham. mission stenographer; Grace Howell, Chloe S. Garn, Mary L. Barson. Harriet L. Bills, mission bookkeeper;

Margaret Russell. Clara Young. Ruby Hanson, mission recorder; Marvin C. Meyers. Lambert

Michie. Ross Grover, LeMoyne L. Hatch. Kenneth Orr. Fourth row: E. Ray Morris. Geo.

F. Egley, Frank P. Peterson. Hoitt Moss. Reuben R. Moss. Richard R. Rust. Glenn W.

Todd. J. Elmer Anderson. Ralph Knight, Floy F. Bybee, Elmer Price. John F Kendrick.

Orson F. Whitney Visits North Carolina

"Our late conference was held at Durinspiring sermons delivered by Elder ham, North Carolina district. December Orson F. Whitney, of the Council of the

4, 1927. Although stormy weather preTwelve. It was indeed a pleasure to have

vailed, the conference was well attended a choice servant of the Lord at our conand all enjoyed a spiritual feast from the ference. The elders in this district are

416 IMPROVEMENT ERA working with great enthusiasm. We prize through the Improvement Era."—E.

highly the valuable information received Hamilton, district president.

Missionaries in North Carolina

Left to right, front row: A. D. Eaton, J. Leavitt, J. A. Berrett, E. R. Hamilton, incoming

district president; Charles A. Callis, mission president; Orson F. Whitney, of the Council

of the Twelve; M. H. Fogg, district president, released; J. G. Hepworth, J. F. Sheffield.

Second row: C. Wheat, D. C. Hartley, A. W. Stephenson, R. S. Whiting, R. E. Mills.

L. Briggs, released; W. A. Stauffer, F. R. Baxter. Back row: H. H. Sorenson, A. R. Grissom.

W. S. Christensen. released; T. Y. Gwilliam, C. F. Parker, C. U. Farnsworth, C. I.

Alldridge, B. W. Shurtz, released.

A Missionary Friend Leland Christensen and F. M. Fuller of write: "In missionary work we find the

the Nova Scotia district, Canadian mission, Improvvement Era a strength that can be

** ***m r rtB 1 P Ik J y'l HP. i rj

Front row, left to right: Leland O. Christensen, Rexburg; James G. Vaughan, former

district president, Malad City. Idaho; President Charles H. Hart of the Canadian mission;

Wayne Wilson, district president. La Verkin. Utah. Back row: Frank R. Folsom, Hill

Spring, Alberta, Canada; Francis M. Fuller, Kanab, Utah; Sylvan W. Marler, Lewiston, Utah.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 417

depended upon. It offers many suggestions charity auxiliaries, or popular magazine

beneficial to the missionaries, and we dissocieties that contain better gems of tribute them among the investigators as a thought.

means of preaching the gospel to them. These elders were laboring in the Nova

Many of our friends who have read the Era Scotia district. Canada, at the time the

say that no other magazine can be found quarterly conference was held at Windsor, published by a Christian denomination. N. S., December 1,1927.

Teaching the Gospel by Pageant

The latest district conference of the by President Valentine and the traveling

GermanAustrian Amission during the preselders. Twelve hundred people attended the

ent year was held at Plauen, of the different sessions, and they were mostly

Zwickau district, November 26 and 27, friends, hearing the gospel for the first with Mission President Hyrum \V. Valentime, and in a way which is sure to bear

tine in attendance. The general theme of fruit. The elders of this district apprethe conference was the Restoration of the ciate reading the Era, and especially the

Gospel, and was explained in a most wonenlarged and improved issues. Every misderful and inspiring manner by a pageant sionary is a booster for it. Chas. J.

of Nebuchadnezzar's dream, given by the Taylor, district president.

Sunday school and followed by discourses

Elders of the Zwickau District. Germany

Front row, left to right: Cbas. J. Taylor, district president. Ogden. Utah; Wallace B.

Scholes. Logan: Sister Ella Valentine, president of mission Relief Societies; Hyrum Valentine, mission president: Basel Valentine; M. Elmer Christensen, superintendent mission

Mutuals. Salt Lake City; Wesley Anderson, Brigham City. Back row: Reed Nutull.

Provo: Ezra Tobler. St. George: Gilbert Gerrard. Salt Lake City: Dean Hillam. Brigham

City; Carl Green, Ogden; Sheldon Christensen. Salt Lake City; Wm. Erickson, Murray:

Heinz Puschel. Dresden, Germany: Mathias Richards. Brigham City: Otto Beck. Lorenzo.

Idaho: J. Alden Bowers. Salt Lake City.

418 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Nearly Fifteen Hundred Books of Mormon Sold

The semiannual conference of the Los delivered by each missionary in a manner

Angeles district was held on January 6, 7 and style which showed the result of earnand 8 in the Home Gardens ward chapel, est effort. President McMurrin was presthis privilege being extended by Bishop ent at all meetings and his> ringing testiSamuel B. Dye of that ward. The conmony to the truth of this great latterday

ference began with a sixhour priesthood work will long be remembered by those meeting on Friday, with a 10minute present. Statistics read at the conference

intermission during which time a picture indicate that during the past year there was taken of all the missionaries present. have been 1459 Books of Mormon sold

Following the priesthood meeting, a deand 5 76 books loaned. There were distrilicious banquet was served by the Home buted 5,811 other books and 503 standGardens Relief Society in a way which ard works. Sixty converts and 33 chilonly a Relief Society understands. Our dren were baptized and placed on the

deepest appreciation is extended to them mission records and 38 converts and 120 for their efforts. The first general meeting children were baptized and entered on the

of the conference convened at 2 p. m., records of the Hollywood and Los Angeles

Saturday, followed by one at 7 p. m. stakes. These statistics show a marked

Three meetings were held on Sunday, the increase in all lines of work over previous chapel being filled to capacity at each years. Mission Secretary.

meeting. Spirited gospel discourses were

Missionaries of Los Angeles District

Front row, left to right: Cley H. Rallison. Vernon L. Schofield, Ezra M. Hawkes, Trulon

O. Eyre. Second row: Nola Ure, Leah Hacking, Marvel Atwood, George H. Marchant.

superintendent mission Sunday schools and president Y. M. M. I. A.; Arlene Ashcroft,

president mission Primaries and Y. L. M. I. A.: Jacob O. Gardner, president Los Angeles

district: Jos. W. McMurrin. president California mission: Leo H. Nielson, mission secretary: N. Grace Holman, corresponding secretary; Daniel H. Johnson. Calamis editor and

book commissarian; Maurine Gammett, Nina Halliday. Afton Whitney. Third row: Edna

Halls. Ova A. Johnson, Franklin Wyatt, Archibald Cluff. Arthur E. Condie, Thomas E.

Terry. Leonard A. Taggarr. Orrin W. Myler, Eva Gunther, Thelma Hill. Back row:

Richard T. Swallow. San Diego district: Lorin Noble, Long Beach district; Frank M.

Wall: James A. Cullimore, president San Diego district: Morris E. Phelps, Ellen Hill,

LaPreal Aagard, Fresno district; Maurine Storey, Fresno district; Chester B. Flint; Glen E.

Nielson, president Fresno district; Rulon J. Weston, Long Beach district.

MESSAGES FROM THF. MISSIONS 419

Baptisms Number 32 in San Diego

November 5 and 6 the semiannual conSaints and friends. The conference was

ference of the San Diego district was held unexcelled in all respects. We report sucin the ward chapel. Saturday we particicess in this district and an increasing in

pated in a most interesting and instructive terest in the work here. Some 32 baptisms

priesthood meeting. After the meeting the have been performed this year so far, and

Relief Society of Lincoln Acres served us a number more have applied for the ordin at a delicious banquet. All three of the sesance. James A. Cullimorc, district pros

sions of our conference were well attended, ident.

the house was filled to its capacity with

L.D.S.StJfilAL HALL. 1927.

Left to right, front row: George H.'Marchant, superintendent of Sunday schools and

Mutuals of mission; Maurine Gamett, Los Angeles district; James A. Cullimore. district

president: Jos. W. McMurrin. mission president; Arlene Ashcroft, president Primary and

Y. L. M. I. A. of mission; Cleone Atwood. Second row: Richard T. Swallow; Mary

Hansen, Fresno district; Ernest O. Biggs; Hazel Day: Thomas W. Duke. Third row:

Osmond Williams, secretary Mexican mission; Leonard Taggart: Carroll C. Stay.

Ancient Mounds Visited The South Ohio district annual reAncient. Ohio. This is an old fortificaunion was held on Pioneer day at Fort fjpn built on the huge, flat top of a steep

420 IMPROVEMENT ERA

hill. A very fitting schedule of events Ancient. The elders present are shown

occupied the day of our festival at Fort in the following picture.

iffe * f W9:'ft ***.A 'A

1 # I Back row, left to right: W. E. Roberts, Antimony, Utah; R. J. Blanchard,

Logan, Utah; H. G. Ellsworth, Safford, Arizona: S. L. Smith, Holbrook,

Idaho; Que C. Swensen, St. Anthony, Idaho. Front row: R. C. Booth.

Montpelier, Idaho; Leo F. Freeman, district president, Snowflake. Arizona:

Chas. J. Morris, Los Angeles, California; A. R. Walker. Oakley. Utah.

Sold 342 Books of MokMON At the conference of the Oklahoma dismissionaries, members, and friends were trict, held in Tulsa, November 23, the favored with the visit and instructions

Elders, left to right, front row: Thomas Riggs, St. David. Arizona; Golden D. Stewart.

Meadow, Utah; David O. McKay, of the Council of the Twelve; Samuel O. Bennion, pres.

ident of the Central States mission; Vernon F. Gibbs, district president (released), Ogden.

Back row: Evan C. Shaw. Ogden; Byron O. Gleason, Berkeley, California: Blaine W.

Johnson, Pleasant Grove; P. Nelsen Hansen; Hillsprings, Alberta. Canada; Francis M.

Zimmerman, Roosevelt; Casper W. Merrill, district president, Richmond; Alonzo F. Hopkin,

Croydon, Utah.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 421 from Elder David O McKay as well as blessed eleven children, and baptized sixfrom President S. O. Bennion. Since last teen. We rejoice in the work of the Lord

conference, four months ago, the ten elders in Oklahoma. We take this opportunity

of this conference have sold three hunto express our appreciation for the Imdred and fortytwo Books of Mormon and provement Era. We feel indebted to it

loaned seventyeight. They sold fourteen for many beautiful thoughts which arc

hundred and seven gospel commentaries, valuable in our work. Casper \V. Merrill,

held five hundred and three meetings, district president.

Conference in Louisville Louisville is the largest city in the state was present, also President Chas. A. Callis.

of Kentucky, and is the headquarters of These were the principal speakers at each the Kentucky district of the Southern of the meetings. Saints were present from

States mission. In November the Kentucky all parts of the state, and many investiand the East Kentucky districts held a gators and friends. The year just passed

conference there, at which Elder Orson has been very prosperous for the mission-

F. Whitney, of the Council of the Twelve. aries of this district.

Missionaries in Kentucky District

Bottom row. left to right: Perry P. Wakefield. Aaron W. Lundbcig; district president.

Dale D. Webb; Voyl E. Sorenson. Wilford H. Weber. Back row: Dwain M. Tate.

Bruce H. Lyman. Earl E. Nielsen. Fay Hunt. Arnold G. Adamson. W. Glen Rawlinson.

J. Merlin Bunker. Joseph H. Swasey, Philip A. Spencer.

A Supplication Lord, help me ever onward.

Lend me thine ear and aid, Then I shall not retrograde.

But with Thy grace succeed.

To Thy statutes paying heed.

Sandy, R. D. No. 4. David Archibald

Edward H. Anderson

Sermon Delivered by President Heber J. Grant at the Funeral Services of

Edward H. Anderson, Richards Ward, Granite Stake, February 5, 1928

I consider it an honor to be asked by and I planned almost daily how to estabthe family to speak on this occasion. lish the magazine and make it of value to

I can endorse all of the splendid rethe people. I have never been associated

marks which have been made here today with a man who was more loyal to me by those who have spoken. Every comwhile he was the editor of the magpliment that has been paid to the integrity azine and I the nominal editor. I have

of Brother Anderson and his devotion to never been associated with a character his family, to the Church and to his whose esteem for and devotion to the work friends, meets with a hearty response in of the Lord, and desire to fulfill every my heart. I know that nothing has been obligation devolving upon him, was

said here today that is not thoroughly greater than that of Edward H. Anderson.

merited by our dear departed brother. In every walk of life he has sought to

I have upon many occasions paid the know the mind and will of God and the same compliment to Brother Anderson desires of those who, in the providence of that was paid to him by President Smith; the Lord, have been called to preside over

namely, that I, as the nominal editor of the Church, or the various institutions the Era, have never thought there was the of the Church with which he was conleast necessity of looking over an article nected. If those of us who have presided

before its appearance in that magazine. have had faults and failings, which we

I have had a perfect assurance that nothundoubtedly have had, he has never ading would appear in the editorial columns, vertised them. He has done nothing but

under the suptrvision of Edward H. Anmagnify and support the gospel of Jesus

derson, that would not be in keeping with Christ as revealed to us by those who the gospel of Jesus Christ as we underhave been chosen to stand at the head stand it and that would not be worthy of the Church or of its various organto appear in that magazine. I have alizations. In saying this. I do not wish

ways felt that if he had the slightest anyone to think for one moment that doubt regarding any editorial, he would Edward Anderson did not have a mind submit it before publishing; and there and a will and an opinion of his own on

has never been any occasion for him to all matters. He was ever ready and willsubmit any article to me during the many ing to contribute his ideas, his thoughts

years I have been the nominal editor. and wisdom (and he had wisdom), withPrior to becoming the editor, as nearly out restraint. He was not afraid to exall of you know, I was nominally the press himsdf. He wasn't loyal and true

manager, and not only the nominal to those who presided over him by simply manager, but, in some respects, the actual saying, "Me too,"or agreeing with everymanager. One year I signed more than thing without expressing his own ideas.

eight thousand letters asking for support He was in very deed a man of God, a of the magazine. I secured a great many Latterday Saint, a man with an abiding

advertisements for it and laborjed diliand absolute assurance and testimony regently for its advancement, particularly garding the divinity of the work in which during the first year, when Elder Roberts we are engaged.

EDITORS'TABLE 423

There was no doubt whatever in his "That he came into the world, even Jesus, mind regarding the divine calling of the 10 be crucified for the world, and to bear the sins of the world, and 10 sanctity the

Prophet Joseph Smith to stand at the world, and to cleanse it from all unright head of the Church as the mouthpiece of L-ousness:

God. The Lord saw fit to manifest "That through him all might be saved

to his heart and soul a testimony regardwhom the Father had put into his power and made by him, ing those who, in the providence of the "Who glorifies the Father, and saves all the

Lord, succeeded Joseph Smith. works of his hands, except those sons of

I rejoice that he is entitled to and will perdition, who deny the Son after the Father receive all of the very wonderful and rehas revealed him; * * *

"And again, we bear record, for we saw markable promises that are contained in and heard, and this is the testimony of the the Seventysixth shall section of the Doctrine of Christ, concerning them gospel whojust:—in the resurrection of the forth come Covenants:and

"Speaking of the resurrection of the dead, And Edward Anderson shall come concerning those who shall hear the voice forth in the resurrection of the just;

of forth; shall of the Son Man. and come

resurThey are they who received the testi in the have done "They good who believed name and of Jesus, on hisrection of the they just, and who have done mony his of after baptized the manner and wereevil resurrection in the of the unjust."

burial, being buried in the water in his name.

and this according to the commandment which

Our brother will come forth in the he has given, morning of the first resurrection, with "That by keeping the commandments"those who have done good.

No man with whom I have been ac- "Now this caused us to marvel, for it was quainted ha9 kept them more perfectly given the us of Spirit; unto

while meditated we upon these things, than has Brother Anderson "And the Lord touched the eyes of our under- "they might be washed and cleansed from all standings and they were opened, and the glory their sins, and receive the Holy Spirit by the of the Lord shone round about; laying on of the hands of him who is or-

"And we beheld the glory of the Son. dained and sealed unto this power,

on the right hand of the Father, and re- "And who overcome by faith, and are ceived of his fulness; sealed by the Holy Spirit of promise, which

"And saw the holy angels, and them who the Father sheds forth upon all those who are sanctified before his throne, worshiping arc just and true.

God, and the Lamb, who worship him for- "They are they who are the church of the ever and ever. first born.

"And now. after the many testimonies "They are they into whose hands the Fathci

which have been given of him. this is the has given all things

testimony last of all. which we give of him. "They are they who are priests and kings

that he lives; who have received of his fulness, and of his

"For we saw him, even on the right hand glory, of God, and we heard the voice bearing "And are priests of the Most High, aftei record that he is the Only Begotten of the the order of Melchisedek, which was after

Father the order of Enoch, which was after th.

"That by him and through him, and of order of the Only Begotten Son;

him. the worlds are and were created, and the "Wherefore, as it is written, they are gods,

inhabitants thereof are begotten sons and even the sons of God daughters unto God.""Wherefore, all things are theirs, whethei

life or death, or things present, or things

Brother Anderson had an absolute testito come, all are theirs and they are Christ's mony in his heart and soul, as perfect, and Christ is God's;

I believe, as if he had been permitted to "And they shall overcome all things:

"Wherefore let no man glory in man, bu.

be one with the Prophet and Sidney rather let him glory in God. who shall sub

Rigdon in this wonderful declaration as due all enemies under his feet to the testimony of Jesus Christ. "These shall dwell in the presence of God

and his Christ forever and ever.

"And this is the gospel, the glad tidings "These are they whom he shall bring with which the voice out of the heavens bore record him. when he shall come in the clouds of

unto us, heaven, to reign on the earth over his people.

424 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"These are they who shall have part in "These are they whose bodies are celestial, the first resurrection. whose glory is that of the sun. even the glory

"These are they who shall come forth in of God, the highest of all. whose glory the

the resurrection of the just. sun of the firmament is written of as being

"These are they who are come unto Mount typical."

Zion. and unto the city of the living God.

the heavenly place, the holiest of all. All these wonderful blessings will come

"These are they who have come to an into our beloved brother, and to his dear numerable company of angels, to the general assembly and church of Enoch, and of the wife and children if they live as he has first born. done.

written are are they "These names whose the That God may bless those who mourn,in are where heaven, Christ and God judge of all. that the spirit and life of Edward H. An-

"These are they who are just men made derson may be their guide and companion perfect through Jesus the mediator of the through all the walks of life, is my prayer, this perfect out wroughtnew covenant, who his the of shedding throughatonement own and I ask it in the name of Jesus, our blood. Redeemer. Amen.

Resolutions of Respect Passed by General Board of Y. M. M. I. A. at the Weekly Meeting

Held February 15, 1928

The members of the General Board of has endeared himself to all his fellow-

Y. M. M. I. A. feel deep regret at the loss workers on the General Board. We shall

of a highly valued and faithful member miss his wise counsel, his loving friendof the Board in the death of Elder Edward ship and his invaluable labors, while he

H. Anderson. will ever occupy a warm place in our

Brother Anderson was, for the greater hearts and memories.

part of his life, a leading spirit in the We commend the example of his noble work of the Mutual Improvement Assolife to all the members of the Mutual ciations and a vital force in the lives of Improvement Associations.

the young men of the Church. His life To his beloved wife and his sons and

has been an outstanding example of indaughter, our hearts go out in sincerest tegrity, honor, purity and industry, not sympathy in this hour of their bereavealone in the Church but also in civic life. ment; and with tender love for Sister Jane

In the Church he has held many positions B. Anderson, a loyal, true wife, and a

of responsibility and trust, both at home faithful member of the General Board of and in the foreign missionary field, and Y. L. M. I. A., we offer to our heavenly

has always been found steadfast and true. Father our earnest prayer that he will bless

In civic life he has served his city as and comfort her and her children, and recorder, his state as legislator and the guide them by his holy Spirit through all

United States as Surveyor General for their days upon the earth.

years, in which offices he distinguished (Signed) himself as an efficient, upright official. George Albert Smith,

By his genial disposition, his devoted Richard R. Lyman,

service, his splendid talent and his untirMelvin J. Ballard,

ing zeal in our work, Brother Anderson General Superintendency.

My Tribute "Walk abroad, Gabriel, amongst the heart is purified by fires of suffering, host of mortals, and find me a man whose whose spirit climbs safely beyond the dust

EDITORS'TABLE 425

of stars, whose shining soullight illumines patience and forbearance with weaker doubtful pathways and glorifies common men.

things. "We need in the heavenly courts, a

"One who has been content to hide his man like this. Canst find him?"

own greatness behind others; whose free The angel of Death descended, and.

spirit has sought the discipline of earth's with his soothing touch, eased and stilled stumbling education. the earthburdened heart of Edward H.

"Under and over all his profound Anderson.

knowledge of godly things will be his Susa Young Gates.

Our Departed Editor We pause with them, who mourn today.

Because of him who is no more Of earth and earth's great cares; for 'tis

An earth who needed him full sore.

Then, when our tears have hallowed made

A little place about our hearth,

We shall rejoice, that he who's gone

Was such a giant in his worth.

Promoter of eternal wealth.

Example of his published good;

Together with his comrade blessed.

For truth and virtue has he stood.

We pause—with them who mourn today.

And with the mourning, too. delight

That, ere he left, he helped to link

Us to that yonder throne of light.

LiNNin Fisher Robinson

Books The onehundredth anniversary of the Poulson, head of the department of psybirth of the veteran educator, Karl G. chology. Brigham Young University, has

Maeser, will be celebrated by the Brigham just been issued from the Deseret News

Young University, of which he was the Press, making a total of 95.000 copies

first president, by the publication of his printed to date. In commenting upon

biography. The story was written by his the value of the book. Religious Education,

son, Reinhart Maeser, shortly before the a nationally known magazine, says: "This

latter's death. Dr. Karl G. Maeser was volume contains a splendid compilation

born one hundred years ago, on the 16th of extracts from books and magazines, and of January, 1927. the articles deal with most of the aspects

A folder from the German -Austrian ofeducationpsychologyand 39thetheydevelopmentbear upon ofreligiouscharmission, just received, announces that Dr. acter. The selections are by recognized

Maeser's 100th birthday anniversary will authorities in the field. Though assembled

be observed by the holding of their Genfor use in the 'Mormon'group, the maeral Missionary Conference in Dresden, terial in the volume is well adapted for

Germany, on that day. use in teachertraining in any Christian

A third edition of Human Nature in community, or as a text for college

Religious Education, by M. Wilford classes.

All matters pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood under this heading are prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Weekly Assignments of Duty The printed program for Priesthood deprived of an opportunity for developconferences for 1928, issued for guidance ment, through the neglect of the presidof stake and ward authorities and priesting officer.

hood quorum officers, announcesas one Lesson study is not the most important of the topics for discussion, a talk by a phase of this work. The duties of the

ward supervisor on "The importance of deacons, teachers and priests are definitely having weekly assignments and having and positively fixed through revelation and these assignments filled."require that young men holding these ofFrom the report that has reached us fices visit with the Saints to perform the

from some stakes, we are wondering if labors required. To do this properly,

the meaning of this topic is generally unweekly assignments must be made, such as derstood. It appears that in discussing visiting delinquent members of the

this topic some are of the opinion that it quorum, visiting the home of active refers only to assignments of lessons to Church members as teachers, where they be discussed by individuals during the class may discuss gospel principles and become period. While this stage of the question better acquainted with these teachings

is an important one, and should have through actual contact and participation our careful consideration, the Lord has in the discussion of problems pertaining provided for and has instructed us to Church government, discipline and docthrough revelation to the effect that the trine, especial attention being given to

Aaronic Priesthood is given as a prethose who show a tendency to neglect this paratory priesthood, through which young men may learn how to serve by actuduty.

ally serving in the Church. It is very It is with such assignments we should

important that they become familiar with also deal in discussing this topic, keepthe gospel teachings. There is a danger ing constantly in mind during the disin making special lesson assignments, in cussion the great plan of our heavenly

that this phase of the work may be given Father, which provides activity for us in to individuals showing a willingness to our youth, that we may grow in a knowlfill these assignments', while those who edge of the gospel and actually perform are careless, indifferent or timid may be definite and assigned duties day by day.

The Winning Ward Teacher The winning ward teacher knows his beat, the majority are children, or young work so well that he likes it. He does folks, more difficult to reach, and yet

it so well that others like it. He meets more susceptible than adults to reforming

pleasant, welcome and happy response, influences, and he prepares his appeal to and the charm of being efficient inspires that important majority. If the parents

him to seek out ways of being even more need reforming, this appeal to the chilefficient. dren may be counted for them.

The winning ward teacher goes nothThe winning teacher refrains from anying on chance and luck; he succeeds by thing formal or stiff in announcing his

long, dry talk faith and works,—enough of works so subject, and he makes no

that faith is made no cover for indolence. to older members while the children doze

He discovers that, in most families of his or play or contrive an escape, resolving

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 427

never to be found by the teachers again. my burden is light."He knows that

Before starting for his sacred visit, the if his work is a burden to him, it is a winning teacher considers carefully whom bore to the people: that if he tries to

he is to meet, and what if any, will be dodge that burden then they, especially the peculiar difficulties in his way. He the children and young folks, will try

is attuned to love by prayer and right to dodge him.

or story message, gets his heliving, and is The ten thousand or more ward teachclearly in he sootherwise, mind that ers in the Church represent a big division free and easy with assurance of having made honest preparation. The influence of the army called to build Zion. How

of his love and freedom appeals to all important that they be winners and not they love their work andmembers of the family, preparing them for bores—that

his message. do it so well that their people will love

This winning teacher has proved the and accept their message. Albert R.

Master's words, "My yoke is easy and Lyman.

Experience

lis the one who has really had heart aches.

Disappointment, and trouble, and pain,

Who has known what it is to be lonely,

Had bad luck again and again, Who can sympathize truly with those in distress,

Give comfort and counsel, their wrongs help redress.

Tis the man who has truly known pleasure

Who can share with his brother his joy;

Tis the man who remembers his own childish thrill

Who can sympathize with his boy.

It takes real experience to broaden our view

And give us the vision of what we might do.

So ask not alone for the pleasures of life,

But the courage each trial to bear;

lor perhaps in God's wisdom he gave you a cross

That you might be helpful somewhere;

For fortunate the one who can true service give;

He's coworker with God. and his mem'ry will live.

A/psa, Arizona Ida R. Allijkkdge

The Program for April and May We are looking forward to a period present class organizations may be broken of splendid achievement during the last up for the time being so that the new two months of the M. I. A. season. Every groupings may be formed for the various

association will be humming with activity. activities; as, the Music Appreciation

Success awaits every group if only each group; the Drama group (reading or proofficer and member catches the spirit of ducing); the Public Speaking group; the

the movement and they unitedly prepare Dancing group, etc. However, if classes'

to carry it forward. prefer to remain as at present, this may

If a careful survey has not already been be permitted; for example, the M Men,

made as to the interests of the various aside from those engaged in contest groups and available leadership, this should work, may wish to study debating: the

be done at once by the executive ofGleaners, music, etc.

ficers, assisted by the class leaders, music It is felt that Boy Scouts and BeeHive directors and committees on recreation. An Girls will be more successful if they conactivity must be found that will hold tinue in their present class groupings.

every boy and girl. As stated previously.

Committees on Recreation, Music Directors and Class Leaders

You are especially necessary to the sucinspire every member to his or her best cess of this program. If you do not, effort. You will appreciate participation

yourselves, conduct the activities, you will for your own personal growth and enbe glad to help those who do, and will joyment.

Ward Secretaries A careful record of attendance is to be class officers in getting a record of the kept during these two months of April attendance of all members. Keep every

and May. Check on every member. Obmember actively interested.

tain the cooperation of class leaders and

Looking Forward to the M. I. A. Day

At the very beginning of the Aprilsic group will be able to present choice

May Program the wise, forwardlooking numbers in both instrumental and vocal executive officers and the committees selections; the drama groups will have

on recreation will have a vision of the developed a play; a lovely dance may have

I. A. Day. These two months'ing. An exhibition of all contest work—thebig eventM. that is to close the season's work been the result of the two months'trainactivity program should be carefully corshould be interspersed. Debating and

related with this big event. In the wide public speaking will provide interesting

range of activities provided for these two numbers, while physical games and exmonths is a rich field from which may hibits of handwork will furnish a fine be gathered delightful material. The mubackground for the whole.

Activities (Additional Material and Suggestions) /. Music The purpose of this course is not only

A. MUSIC APPRECIATION. to acquaint M. I. A. members with a

1. Music Memory Coarse. little of what is good in music, but also

MUTUAL WORK 433

appraise than that of the painter or even "Read up on the art and craft of the the novelist, for the dramatist deals directdrama, study all the technical books you will enable ly in human material, his characters speak can find if you like—that

and act directly, without the intervenyou to know how the trick is turned, tion of a narrator; all his ingenuity is and is at any rate a fascinating game;—

directed toward setting his people in mobut never forget that a play at its best is tion, it is his business to reveal their ideas a sort of projection into our daily life and their passions to other people. He of the existence and problems of our

must first make his characters seem to live, fellowbeing9. A good play makes its

and then present them that they shall apown technique and cannot be classified or peal through the eye and the ear of the reproduced. The proper study of manspectator to the heart and the brain. kind is man; the proper end of the study

to the of drama is man; a knowledge of drama "Modern dramatists—from Ibsen

it their chief busimeans a knowledge of humanity."present day—have made

ness to write plays about people we know. Barrett H. Clark.

The dramatist no longer writes of kings For suggested material in the study of and princes and the downfall of empires; Drama, see February Era, p. 345. Also

he is not interested, and he knows we are series, "Writing Native Drama,"Young not interested in such things, half so much Woman's Journal, beginning January, as we are in the efforts of Hedda Gabler 1928.

to adjust herself to her environment, or

Anna Christie to find herself, and of the ///. Oral Expression

Show Off to preserve his selfrespect.

"We are all interested in plays, then, A. Public Speaking.

because plays reflect life in a very direct (See February Era, p. 345, and Y. M.

and moving fashion. M. I. A. Hand Book, p. 178.)

"The object, then, of any study or read- B. Debating.

ing course in modern drama should be a (See February Era, p. 345, and Y. M.

discussion of human life, in which the M. I. A. Hand Book, p. 171.)

play is the specimen, the document, the subject. Nothing else in the world is so IV. Literature

fascinating; technique—apart from the

human being9 which it sets in motion The following outstanding books are is a meaningless detail; history, backsuggested, from which may be chosen exground, classification of kinds of plays cellent material for review and discussion:

and all the purely formal matters that anyWhy We Behave Like Human Beings—G. A.one can prate about are insubstantial Dorsey.

shadows of the supreme figure in all plays, Giants in the Earth—O. E. Rolbaag. (Story

which is Man. The hour or two deof the pioneering of the Dakotas.)

to the Comesvoted to play discussion is and ought to Death ArchBishop—Willard Cather. (Story the of first Catholic Bishop

be a glorified community gossip, only of New Mexico. Novel.)

instead of discussing the affairs of the Abraham Lincoln—Carl Sandburg. (Life of

neighbors, you discuss Nora Helmcr and Lincoln until he goes to the White House.

Mr. Borkman and a host of interesting The prairie years of Lincoln.) A Pilgrimage to Palestine—Harry Emersonpeople who happen to be found within Fosdick.

the covers of books. The Story of Philosophy—Will Durant. "Choose your plays, not for historical Trader Horn—A. Horn, edited by Ethel Reda Lewis. (Story of a man who traded

reasons, nor necessarily on the basis of among the tribes of Africa. When old he

period, race, or nationality. Ask yourtold his story to Miss Lewis.)

self, Are the characters alive? Does the The Evolution of Charles Darwin—George A.

Dorsey. succeeddramatist credible? in making them Napoleon—Man Destiny—Emil Ludvig. situations they that put intoAre mean The Sailor—Snaith.ofsomething to us? Story of Music—Carl Bekker.

434 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Story of Mankind—Hendrick J. CONTESTSVour Money's Worth—Stuart VanChaseLoon.and F.

Svhlink. (The story of everything you Division Finals buy.)

So Big—Edna a to serve helping our view ofFanny

officers, relieve of of them some Herself—EdnaFerber. Ferber. M. WithI. A.

V. Dancing the detailed work in connection with our

A selection of folk and group dances annual contests and to insure uniform judgment, it has been decided that the can be made from:

will General provide adjudicators Board Dances Folk from Old Homelands—Elizafor all events at Finals. the Division The; published Burchenal beth by G. Schirmer.

New York, price, $1.50. Such dances as, responsibility of providing judges for

"Sweet Kate,""Noriu Miego,""The Handstake and district meets will devolve upon kerchief Dance,""The Bridge of Avignon."the respective local officers.

are very good.

Twice 55 Games With Music; published

by C. C. Birchard S Co., Boston, price, 25c. DATES FOR DIVISION FINALS

Such dances as, "A Hunting We Will Go,"

Let us Jinks,""Come, "Captain be Joyful,"(General Board to provide judges) popular. are especially"Roman Soldiers."

in the published group dances Some 1, at Manti. in Division 8—Monday. May 2 as. "Turkey Guide: such RecreationOfficialthe Straw.""Yankee Doodle.""Comin'Thru Division 7—Tuesday, May 22, at Payson. the Rye,"and dances issued in mimeograph Division 6—Friday, May 25, at Ogden.

Boards: A. General M. I.form by the such Division 5—Saturday, May 26, at Prestoas, "As Go Marchbe Happy.""I Want We ton.

ing On,"and Sociability."Division 4—Monday, May 28, at PocaVI. Hand Crafts tello.

June 7, at Salt (See Needle Art Department, Young Division 3*—Thursday,

Lake City.Woman's Journal, Vols. 3 6,'3 7, 38: also

June 7, at Salt "Handicrafts"in current volume.) Division 2*—Thursday,

Lake City.

VII. Athletic Tournaments and Physical Division 1—Tuesday, May 29, at Salt

Games Lake City.

(See Official Recreation Guide, pp. 49- *These Divisions should communicate with

56 and chart) the general officers as to details.

Biggest Percentage of Attendance in the Church

We are informed by D. L. Stapley, the We agreed with Superintendent Stapsuperintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. of ley's statement, and asked him to tell us,

the Maricopa stake. Phoenix, Arizona, if possible, just how this unusually high

that the Pine ward, located 150 miles percentage was obtained, thinking that, if north of Mesa, an isolated mountainous the same stimulus were applied in other district, reports that on January 1, 1928, wards, the same results might be accomat their Sunday night joint M. I. A. meetplished: and thus the information would

ing they had 103 people in attendance out be a valuable acquisition to all our workof a ward population of 109. Superers. In complying with our request,

intendent Stapley says, "This we conhe sent us the following explanation, sider to be a most excellent record and one written by Florence Hunt, president of worthy of recognition in the Mutual dethe Y. L. M. I. A. of Pine ward:

partment of the Improvement Era. It is "We worked up as good a musical

an outstanding achievement, and I believe program as our ward talent could prosets a record for attendance, based on duce, and announced it for one month.

population, for any ward in the Church."We also appointed different M. I. A.

MUTUAL WORK 415

members to invite all ward families perone performing. Alter the program and

sonally. We had enough persons taking benediction, we had community singing

part on the program so thai almost every and the dramatization of two stones family was especially interested in some

New Superintendents

Elder Orson Haynie. of 2418V4 South Elder Joseph S. Stucki. Paris. Idaho,

Hope St.. Los Angeles, has been appointed has been released as the superintendent

the new superintendent of the Los Angeles of the Bear Lake stake Y. M. M. I. A.

stake Y. M. M. I. A. He succeeds Elder and Elder Frank Cottle has been appointed

E. J. Milne. in his stead.

Boy Scouts in Germany At the mission president's conference bers in Mutual work is indeed pleasing recently held in Dresden, Germany, the and I assure you the organization is doing

SwissGerman and GermanAustrian mismuch in spreading the gospel and making sions officially adopted a name and badge true Latterday Saints of our present mem for the Boy Scout organization of these bership.—A/. Elmer Christensen. mission

missions. The name adopted is L. D. S. superintendent of M. 1. A., GermanBoy Scouts. Austrian mission.

In behalf of the missions I take great pleasure in presenting Oscar A. Kirkham.

as the Executive Director of M. I. A. work,

the badge adopted, together with our deepest appreciation for the splendid service he is rendering in the work of the Lord.

President James E. Talmage was made

Chief Executive of the L. D. S. Boy Scout

organization and we had the privilege of decorating him, while here, with badge No.

1. On the evening of the presentation the

Scouts of the Dresden branch took an admirable part on the program and received favorable mention in two of the local newspapers.

The YearRound Program, as prescribed in Bulletin No. 7, found great favor with

us. The same ideas have been incorporated

into our plan and we tall willingly and readily in line in carrying out the suggestive programs as far as posible.

During a week full of activity we conducted an athletic contest among our organiations, by mail. Each branch determined its best athlete in 20 different NORMAN ISOM HEATON

events during the week. The results were Norman Isom Hcaton. nine year old son of

then mailed to mission headquarters where Bishop and Mrs. Fred C. Hcaton of Moccasin.

Arizona, with his prize Book of Mormon.

mission champions were determined by During the period from spring to December.

comparing the records made in each event. 1927, he read the Book of Mormon through

The names and accomplishments of the for which accomplishment he was presented winners were later published. with a copy of this precious book. This is

an example that all other young people could

Th interest being taken by our memfollow to their own uplift and benefit.

.

436 IMPROVEMENT ERA

What to do in March This is the month in which M Men related with our Thrift and Industry should organize for summer activities campaign. Mutual members should be

track, swimming, baseball, hiking, camp encouraged to save their means, in prepand group excursions to the national parks. aration for mission, college, etc. Why not

A constructive and well organized proorganize employment bureaus or comgram should be outlined, and carried out mittees to help these young people find under able leadership. Civic work should work? The assistance of employers and

also receive attention, and organized parindividual persons needing help during the ticipation is recommended. M Men should summer months should be solicited and

be leaders in spring cleanups. The cotheir requirements listed; and those who

operation of Advanced Senior members, desire this employment should file their in much of the work, will afford an opnames with the committee.

portunity for real community uplift. In brief, begin in March to visualize

As the end of the school year apand anticipate summer needs and work, proaches, many of our young people will and to plan for successful accomplishbe seeking productive employment. And ment during that period.

this idea of employment should be corCurrent Events

A Study for the Advanced Senior Class M. I. A., 192728

(March, 1928) 1 Religion and Social Service a. The Moral Plight of Youth. 4. How can your class best test the truth

Millions listen to him over radio every of Dr. Cadman's statement concerning the

Sunday. It is generally taken for granted sincerity,youth of detestationtoday: "Judgedof cant,by andtheir unselfishhonesty,

that the younger generation of today is ness, they stand head and shoulders above the the worst in the cradle of the race. The youth of my generation?"

home is the nucleus of all that is per- (Literary Digest, January 14, 1928. page

manently good in the history of man. Old 28.)

home pieties should not be abandoned. b. Why the Home is Failing.

The joy and woe of life depends greatly "The altar fires of home are out."

on sex relations. Sex instruction stands The craze for pleasure; the gofever, bridge

the scientific test of fitness to survive. playing, the new type of mother, the

Youth itself is building for itself ladders businessstand life of the father, the spefor reaching higher moral levels. The cializations of life, have made a mere

youth of this age is superior to the youth dormitory and cafeteria of the home. Outof the past generation. side, specialized care of children estranges

them from the home. Intellectualism inQuestions for Discussion cites irreverence.

1 On what grounds is Dr. Cadman deserving the attention of the world? Questions for Discussion

2. Why must a free people have an interest in politics and religion? 1. Is escape from specialization possible and,

3. What does the holding of six hundred if so, is the escape desirable?

different student conferences for national puri- 2. What is the difference between the "gofication in the United States point to (a) fever"in the youth and the desire for travel

as cause, (b) as effect? in the adult?

MUTUAL WORK 437

J. What can be done to make both thinkers?. What is an international mind.'

and believers of our youth? i. What were the danger signals raised

4, What has Christianity done for Japan? for "America at the Cross Roads?"

(Literary Digest. January 21. 1928. page 5. What kind of an autocrat is our re31.) public in danger of becoming?

6. How may international right celebrations

c. FortyFiue Tongues in the Melting Pot. have been held?

The international day has not come, (Deseret News. February 1. 1928. page 8.)

but the international night is celebrated.

Light and love and liberty were invited What is the ardent purpose of the guests and were royally entertained by reprecent article published over the names of resentatives of fortyfive languages. Away the presidency of the Church of Jesus

off in Wyoming, the worldpeace dove Christ of Latterday Saints? Deseret News.

begins nest building. The event puts Salt Lake Tribune.

Rock Springs on the map, historical home of a memorable event. "A MillionDollar Gift to Prolong

Life."Questions Question: Is this a scientific step to-

1. What does the meeting point to? wards the Millennium? Literary Digest.

1. Who were the men with messages? January 28, page 1 5.

2 Politics and Industry a. A Messenger of GoodWill. with which countries can be reached,.i

Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh is likely closer relationship will be established. A

doing more to create better feelings and thousand miles will no longer mean much a better understanding between the United of a distance. And again, by this trip

States and the LatinAmerican nations to of Lindbergh's we shall come to underthe south than anyone has ever done bestand the size, the population, and the 1 the political strength offore. Within recent weeks we have been resources and

reading about his flight into the Latinthese countries as never before, and that

American nations and of the great recepwill mean much to them and much to us tions that he has received wherever he has landed. The world loves a hero; Mr. Questions

Lindbergh is so regarded by the world 1. Who is Charles A. Lindbergh? Where

and therefore all bow to him. The southwas he born? What education has he reern republics look upon him as an amceived? What brought him into prominence?

bassador of goodwill from their neigh- 2. What characteristics has this young man

that are worthy of emulation? What do we

bor on the north. mean by "messenger of peace?""Ambassador

At the present time, from all reports, of goodwill?"

it is necessary to have a better under- 3. What are the relations between the

standing between the LatinAmerican LatinAmerican countries and the United

States at the present time? In what way can

countries and ourselves. Lindbergh has Lindbergh's. trip make these relationships

helped to bring this about, and hereafter, better? In what other ways is this advendoubtless, there will be a better underture beneficial to the world?

standing and a better feeling toward the (Reference: See Literary Digest. January

United States by these countries than has 21, 1928. pages 5-6.)

existed heretofore. b. Outlawing War.

But this is not the entire benefit of this There has appeared a great deal of distrip to the South. Educationally, too. cussion on this subject in our papers and

it has been of great importance. People magazines for nearly ten years, but up to

are led to a study of their geography and the present time nothing much has been maps and locations as a result of this adaccomplished. Why is this the case?

venture. Too. because of the quickness Doubtless because of a misunderstanding

438 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the subject and perhaps to political (Reference: See Literary Digest. January

and economic interests of the different 21. 1928, pages 8-9.)

countries. would Many have all war c. The War of Competition. outlawed. Others as discriminate would

Most wars are detrimental to society, to what kinds of war should be outit aplawed. Some would retain the right of but in the war among industries

waging a defensive war; others of the nepears that the public is to be the gainer.

At the present time some of the big autocessity of war against an aggressor nation;

that is, one which goes to war without mobile companies'of the country are wagfirst having submitted its difficulties to ing a price war with one another. The

an arbitration court. In these questions result of this may mean a reduction in the

the difficulty lies: What is a defensive price of automobiles to the public.

war? What is an aggressor war? In Questions

any kind of a war a nation will seldom 1. How will this situation help the public?

admit that it is> the aggressor, so that if What are the benefits of competition? The

we are ever going to do away with war, evils of competition? The advantages and discapital? of a of combination the only solution is practically to comadvantages

cars a benefit the of reduction 2. Will

mit ourselves to an antiwar policy enpublic? An increase? May not an extirely. travagance in the use of credit result as a conQuestions sequence of this cutthroat competition and

thus finally injure industry?

1. What are the difficulties of outlawing 3. How does the manufacturing of autowar? What is the opinion of the League of mobiles compare in size and importance with

Nations on this question? What are the proother great industries? About how much

posals of the United States on national dismoney is invested in this industry; that is.

armament? what part of the national income? How does

2. What is the recent proposal of France this affect other industries? What percentage

to the United States on the subject of war? of iron, steel, leather, hardwood lumber,

What is your opinion of an increased navy? aluminum, copper, nickel and rubber of that

Are there any wars going on at the present which is produced go into this industry?

time? If so, where? What is the cause? (Reference: See Literary Digest, January

3. Can wars be outlawed? 21. 1928, pages 1011.)

3 Science and Discovery

a. The Present Status of Mental Telepathy. prove or disprove mental telepathy? How?

Rene Warcollier, a Frenchman, and 3. How do (a) science, (b) tbe Church,

twentyfive collaborators, recently tried to spiritualistic(c) Sir Arthurphenomena?Conan Doyle, et al. explain

send messages from Paris to New York (Reference: Literary Digest, February 11.

City by the direct action of mind upon 1928.)

mind; i. e., by telepathy. Warcollier

claims that his results "establish telepathy b. A New Cure for "Brain Softening."

as a power in human nature."The Nobel Prize winner in Medicine

Other experimenters, however, notably last year was Dr. Julius von WagnerAmerican psychologists, "consider nothing Jauregg, of Vienna. He found that by

proved"in this regard. deliberately giving malaria to insane

Dr. Jos. Jastrow of the University of patients with general paralysis ("softenWisconsin says: "If we consider teleping of the brain"due to longstanding

athy as a scientific hypothesis, the best syphilis) there is a marked improvement we can say is that it is still on trial, with in what heretofore has been regarded as the odds tremendously against it."the most fatal of all mental diseases.

As a result of Dr. WagnerJauregg's

Questions work, primary syphilis, locomotor ataxia 1. Do you believe (or disbelieve) in mental and general paralysis are now being artelepathy? Why? rested, if not cured, in the modern mental

2. Does the development of radio tend to hospitals of this country and Europe.

MUTUAL WORK 439

Questions 2. What were the obstacles overcome by

1. To what extent is syphilis a cause of General Goethals?

insanity? 3. What part did President Roosevelt play

2. Is syphilitic insanity more or less previn the building of the Panama Canal?

alent in Utah and Idaho than in other Amer- 4. What economic and military advantages

ican states? accrue to the United States by reason of this

3. Is this modern treatment for general canal?

paralysis being used in the Utah and Idaho (Reference: Literary Digest, February 11.

State hospitals? If so. with what results? 1928.)

4. How do Utah and Idaho compare with

other states in the matter of (a) the amount of insanity, and (b) the modern treatment of d. Ten Outstanding Magazine Articles for

the insane? January. 1928 (Chosen by a Council

(Reference: Scientific Monthly. February. of Librarians):

1928.) 1. "Boston."Elmer Davis in Harper's.

Passes. Engineerc. Greatest America's Controversy Tariff with builder of 2. "The Goethals, George General W. Taussig in Foreign France."F. W.

the Panama Canal, died recently in New Affairs.

York City at the age of 69. President

Woodrow Wilson once referred to him as 3. "We Southerners,"Grover C. Hall in

"the greatest living representative of the Scribner's.

engineering profession."4. "Charles Evans Hughes."William

The remains of this great man were Hard in Review of Reviews.

laid away in the old post cemetery at West 5. "Selective Patriotism."Carl Van

Point. General Goethals'alma mater, where Doren in The Survey Graphic.

Custer. Scott and other national heroes 6. "Beggars and Begging Songs."Violet

are buried. A. Simpson in Virginia Quarterly.

The passing of General Goethals calls "Why Missions?"Sherwood Eddy into mind the equally remarkable work of 7.

The World Tomorrow.MajorGeneral Wm. C. Gorgas. the medical officer of the Canal Zone, whose 8. "The Man Who Knew Coolidgc."

sanitation work eliminated the fevers and Sinclair Lewis in The American other tropical plagues which hampered the Mercury.

work of construction. 9. "Effective Intolerance,"Bertrant

Russell in The Century.

Questions 1. What arc the high points in the his10. "A Desert Boy in the Arctic."Deric

tory of the Panama Canal? Nusbaum in Good Housekeeping.

4 Letters and Art a. A Vocal Contest. 2. What were the prizes?

finals The Atwater Kent Foundation recently judged?3. On what were the winners in the

awarded ten prizes, five to boys and five 4. What has the contest done for all ento girls, totaling $17,500. Fifty thoutrants?

sand young singers throughout the coun- (See Literary Digest for January 7. 1928.)

try entered the contest. The ten prize

winners are called the best amateur singers b. A New Prodigy.

in the country. They were heard by the Yehudi Menuhin. a violinist of ten,

largest audience that they could hope for. is rated as an artist. Hi9 technique is

as their songs were carried by the radio said to be masterful, and his fingering all over the nation. firm and accurate.

Questions Questions

I.Give the details regarding the conditions I Tell about the early musical life of

of this contest. Yehudi Menuhin.

440 IMPROVEMENT ERA

2. Point out the wisdom of his parents in thing by choice, is the criterion of a peohis training. ple's life. One can tell much about a

3. What do the critics say about this child man by noting the objects and pastimes

wonder? for joy. turns to spontaneously he which

(See Literary Digest for December 3 1 nation."be said of a same The may

1927.) Maxim Gorky, on visiting Coney

c. Literary Taste In Germany. Island, remarked, "What an unhappy peoWhat literature is in favor in Germany ple it must be that turn for happiness

today? here."

What country claims to play ShakeMr. Edman considers the most serious

speare more often in a month than the criticism that has been leveled against rest of the world plays him in a year? American civilization is that its pleasures

Name some authors that are very popuare mechanical and its leisure slavish. "It

lar in Germany. is not,"he says, "that we have not time.

(See Literary Digest for January 7, 1928.) Foreign observers are repeatedly astonished

at the number of hours an everincreasing d. Our Education Expenditure Criticized. number of Americans have to themselves.

It is said that more than six hundred It is not time we lack, but leisure."

millions are invested in our educational inHe defines leisure thus: "Leisure is institutions. Many feel that the results do deed an affair of mood and atmosphere

not justify the outlay. rather than simply of the clock. It is not

Point out some of the criticisms. a chronological occurrence, but a spiritual

What does P. W. Wilson give as the state. It is unhurried pleasurable living

difference in ideals between England and among one's native enthusiasms. Leisure

this land? consists of those pauses in our lives when

Which do you consider the higher? experience is a fusion of stimulation and

Justify your answer. repose. Genuine leisure yields at once a

(See Literary Digest for December 24, feeling of vividness and a sense of peace. 1927.)

It consists of moments so clear and pleas- e. Shakespeare Memorial Theatre. ant in themselves that one might wish

they were eternal."

Outline the conditions regarding the

Shakespeare Memorial Theatre.

What criticism is raised against permitQuestions ting America to contribute? 1 As a result of the fact that being busy

Who are especially strong in their ophas been with us a primary virtue, what has position? our play become?

Tell what America has done to raise 2. For what do we wish leisure?

funds. 3. What has leisure been with us?

4. What happens when culture becomes

Do you think the United States should deliberate?

contribute or that England should raise the 5. Do you think that we are becoming

money herself? Why? stereotyped in our play as in our work?

(See Literary Digest for January 7, 1928.) 6. What are the deadly enemies of leisure?

7. How much of our trouble lies in the

impossibility and how of our circumstances In an interesting article on "American in the blindness of our philosophy? much

Leisure,"Irwin Edman says, "The best 8. Show that good conversation is one of

test of the quality of a civilization is the the most enlivening ways of leisure.

quality of its leisure. Not what the 9. Read aloud the two concluding paracitizens of a commonwealth do when they graphs of the article.

are obliged to do something by necessity, (See Harper's Magazine for January. 1928,

but what they do when they can do anypp. 220225.)

MUTUAL WORK 441

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, January, 1928

5 c o o 31 | 9 c o o </3 a 00. STAKE u v

Ja 3 B o n m 5 g C c M 5 4o "2 = e "

U; a JS u c -

ra = c if C o O "<3 o.2 3 2 1 c d |

/- r. l/l Y. UJ to QJ UJ < u < < u. -> J < A < < < h < ho U J

91 164 200567Alpine 1000jl8|17|140(175|331—335 981 112 480 12 9 73 72 97 123 365 56 36 48 72|212

760 14 13 131 193 170 56 225 775 81 81 80 20 1271389

Box Elder 757 13 13 133 225 240 37 245 880 106 153 130 34 135 558 547 6 4 37 66 36 7 64 210 26 18 10 3 28 85

Cottonwood 727 10 10 110 94 186 40 300 730 100 68 146 24 210 548

Deseret 521 12 12 110 206 148 22 188 674 79 119 89 14 125 426

East Jordan 450 10 10 90 102 185 200 577 63 56 116 150 385

Emery 501 10 10 73 77 196 220 566 51 31 118 126 326 960 8 8 81 264 259 47 305 956 73 158 170 24 216 641

Garfield 310 8 5 44 60 43 9 58 214 28 31 16 17 34 126 1100 9 8 89(121 230 112 278 830 74 79 139 72 214 578 279 7 7 59 82 69 78 288 47 53 47 50 197 500 10 8 69 89 136 25 166 485 49 35 76 16 95 771 337 5 4 39 86 89 86'300 31 35 42 43 151 223 6 4 37 19 10 20 86 30 20 11 20 81 1435 12 12 132 268 295 237 348 1280 98 193 208 183 294 976 695 8 7 57 79 99 50 12? 410 66 56 63| 32 90 307

Nebo. 454 9 8 551101 135 207 498 40 37 76... 140 293

461 7 7 62 51 114 13 148 388 43 16 51 8 75 194

North Sanpete 710 10 10 80 104 203 235 622 58 41 100 137 336 270 6 5 31 41 74 19 94 259 27 26 44 111 70 1/8 644 13 13 88 36 137 15 222 498 64 20 77 9 150 370 876 11 1 1 101 127 219 80 284 811 72 66 112 56 163 469

Oquirrh. 497 5 5 56 67 76 26 141 366 47 22 45 14 69 197

Palmyra 481 8 8 73 147 147 18 226 611 52 51 73 10 148 334

Parowan - 546 11 5 31 39 28 39 137 25 26 18 - 1 23 92

Pioneer. 741 10 10 83 99 200 45 267 694 68 49 107 31 163 418

334 12 11 76 131 95 16 137 455 53 107 53 9 84 <()6

St. George 680 14 10 93 137 125 47 142 544 60 91 77 28 79 335

1090 13 13 133 138 263 74 311 919 105 90 153 40|209 597

San Juan 192 4 4 19 31 41 30 59 180 14 19 23 221 40 128

Sevier 369 6 6 57 90 116 48 209 520 42 62 81 34 139 358

South Davis 526 8 8 74|108 179 216 577 66 54 111.180 460

476 7 71 333 178 South Sevier 333 8 4 291 25 27 8 65 154 22 30 20 5 34 1 1 1

Summit 465 11 11 77 109 97 56 128 467 60 73 64 12 90 299 400 9 9 53| 80 91 4 168 396 42 53 41 2 115 253 415 10 10 7511101119 21 158 483 62 61 95| lljl 18 347

Utah 1166 16 10 84 99 203 242 628 55 54 98 Il55|362

Wasatch 392 9 8 611129 89 164 443 50 55 48| |108|261

Weber 712 9 9 80 90 133 23 187 513 63 36 85 131134331 450| 7 6| 6 1 1 105 161 26 164 517 42 54 102 24 114336

Bannock 233 7 61 38| 60| 32| 761 206 30 27| 13|.. | 22l 92

365 11 8 601 771 54 106 297 36 82 381 1 64 220

Blaine 226 6 2 12 25 16 3 22 78 9 13 8 2 9 41 365 10 10 79 105 80 90 354 65 60 39.... 69 234

318 9 5 40 53 44 14 53 204 25 19 30 101 33 1 17 160 6-.. 541 481 42 241 58 226 40 26| 23| 71 38 134

428|ll|ll| 99| 9l| 93 23 147 453 59 551 55! 7 115 291

27 186 722 664|14|14I127[203|179 99 12411351 20U03I4811 I 14 84 199) 7 6

Lost River 123 3 3 18| 31 18 31 98 14 26| 12|. 18| 70

Malad 419 7 7 66 76| 86 134 362 48 29'601 1 881225

Minidoka 244| 8| 5| 4l| 69| 38..... 54 202 29 25'181 1 281100

442 IMPROVEMENT ERA

2 Z Q ) < gi < < Montpelier | 367 14 10 358 40 10 46 202

Oneida 369 11 9 333 39 77 212 Pocatello 552 10 10 34 611 93 139 407

Raft River 1 136 7 6 171 3 32 99

Rigby 516 13 11 107|138| 88| 58| 460 55 42 318

Shelley 319 9 9 89 97 82 113 381 39 58 203

Teton 550 8 7 42 38 50 9 63 202 7 41 31

Twin Falls 215 5 4 29 80 40 37 185 351 19 | 20 97

Yellowstone 360 10 1 67 102 81 71 321 60 43 206

Alberta 410 10 8 80 119 118 44 87 448 52 79 270

Big Horn 318 6 6 42 91 89 62 284 27 j 661 54 44 191

Hollywood 322 10 10 84 127 187 15 111 524 73 1 83 112 74 354

Juarez 120 4 4 27 30 34 20 27 138 27 31 23 124

Lethbridge 223 10 9 74 98 67 38 69 346 75 44 49 236

Los Angeles 420 9 9 132 243 128 592 106 105 450

Lyman 200 7 6 49 85 66 12 86 298 41 56 186

Maricopa 450 8 8 73 100 114 12 175 474 64 124 317

Nevada 174 6 4 37 36 39 5 63 180 24 1| 33 86

St. Joseph 165 16 3 22 58 38 49 167 43 I 27 112

San Francisco 372 10 10 66 118 127 71 54 372 76 1 1 41 239

Snowflake 290 11 10 56 94 76 59| 69 354 40| 46 401 45 221

Star Valley 365 11 11 96 54 97 23 93 363 50! 19 41 58 165

Taylor 339 6 6 721106 125 75 458 56! 55 471 55 286

Woodruff 325 6 61 46| 79 48| 5 227 3l! 43 2| 32 134

California Mission 500 25 22| 1 50|2 1 6 1 1 5 1 43 639 104|141 27| 74 428

N. W. States Mission 255 in 81 52| 68 1161 19| 273 37| 33 1 75 81 15 168

Western States Mission 157 8 6| 3 1 1 75 541 19 225 28| 39| 43 151 29 154

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report, January, 1928

aa.5 a MO |J 5 STAKE pq 15 a. < c o

o | -ac a "H 2 1 I f 1 5 o 3. 3

Alpine 10 9 9 7 10 4 10 7 10 10 86

Bear River 8 1 9 7 7 5 5 5 8 8 8 70

Benson 10 1 8 9 9 6 6 8 8 7 7 78

Box Elder 10 1 10 10 10 10 10 10 9 10 10 99

Carbon.... 4 1 6 10 5 6 6 5 8 10 10 70

Cottonwood... 10 10 10 8 10 9 8 9 10 10 1 94

Deseret.... 10 | 10 10 10 9 8 10 9 8 9 93

East Jordan... 10 1 10 10 9 10 9 10 10 10 9 97

Emery.. 10 1 9 8 8 9 6 8 7 7 9 81

Ensign. 10 1 10 10 10 10 7 8 7 10 10 82

Garfield: 7 1 9 10 6 5 8 4 4 10 8 76

7 5 9 1 9 10 88 1 10....... 10 8 10 10Granite

9 9.-—.. 10 98 10 10 10 10 10 10 | 10Gunnison

1 1 | 7 7! 5 8 8 7 75 7 8 1 8 1 I 10Hyrum.......

Juab.... 9 1 8 8 1 8 8 6 8 6 8 8 77

4 1 10 10 5 8 4 10 10 10 10 81

Liberty 1 9 1 10 | 10 | 10 | 10 | 9 9 10 10 I 10 | 97

MUTUAL WORK 443

Nebo 10 9 10 10 in 4 7 7 7 8 82

Mount Ogdcn 6 10 10 10 9 9 8 10 10 10 92

North Davis 8 7 9 9 7 6 9 10 10 10 85

Xonh Sanpete 9 8 10 10 10 9 6 8 10 89

North Sevier 10 10 5 5 8 6 5 6 8 7 70

North Weber 8 10 6 7 6 8 9 10 10 10 84

Ogdcn 9 9 9 10 10 8 10 9 10 10 94

Oquirrh 7 8 10 10 10 5 7 10 10 in 87

Palmyra 10 8 10 10 8 9 10 10 10 10 95

Parowan 3 10 6 6 4 8 6 8 4 6 61

Pioneer 9 9 10 10 9 7 9 5 10 in 88

Roosevelt 10 10 7 3 4 7 8 8 9 8 74

St. George 8 9 10 9 7 5 8 9 8 1-f

Salt Lake 8 10 10 7 9 7 9 8 9 10 87

San Juan 10 9 5 4 5 5 5 '5 5 5 58

Seviet 10 10 9 10 10 6 8 10 10 9 92

South Davis 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

South Sanpete 7 8 10 10 10 8 5 7 7 72

South Sevier 5 10 5 5 4 3 3 7 4 5 51

Summit 10 10 10 8 10 7 10 10 7 10 92

Tooele 10 10 8 4 4 9 7 8 6 7 73

Uintah 10 10 10 10 9 9 10 10 10 9 97

Utah 5 8 10 10 8 4 7 10 10 10 8?

Wasatch 10 9 8 9 7 6 8 9 9 9 8-t

Weber 7 10 10 6 9 8 8 7 10 10 85

West Jordan 10 10 9 10 10 6 8 7 10 8 88

Bannock 9 7 3 4 3 7 8 7 6 3 5 7

Bear Lake 8 10 7 4 3 6 7 6 6 6 63

Blaine 3 8 3 2 2 2 2 5 1 28 Boise 10 10 10 5 5 6 9 7 9 8 79

Burlcy 6 9 4 4 3 3 4 4 8 3 48 Cassia 10 9 10 1.0 10 10 10 10 7 10 9 6

Franklin 10 10 8 9 5 8 8 10 10 9 88

Fremont 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Idaho 4 3 10 5 5 10 10 10 10 10 77

Lost River 8 10 10 4 7 7 10 10 10 10 86

Malad 9 9 10 10 10 10 10 9 10 10 97

Minidoka 8 7 4 3 3 5 4! 6 6 5 51

Montpelier 10 8 6 1 4 6 6 7 5 7 60

Oneida 9 10 9 7 8 9 9 7 1 8 7 83

Pocatello 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10G

Raft River 10 9 10 1 6 8 10 6 3 6:

Rigby 9 10 8 7 6 8 9 8 7 8 80 10 8 10 9 9 9 10 9 10 10 94 Teton 4 2 9 10 3 7 8 5 7 4 50 Twin Falls 9 8 10 8 8 6 7 7 8 6 77

Yellowstone 9 10 9 5 '5 8 8 10 10 8 82

Alberta 10 9 8 6 8 8 8 7 6 8 76

Big Horn 9 10 10 10 10 10 7 7 10 10 93

Hollywood 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Juarez 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 7 10 10 97

Lethbridge 10 10 10 10 10 8 10 9 10 10 97

Los Angeles 10 10 10 10 10 7 9 8 10 10 94

Lyman 10 9 10 10 10 7 9 8 10 8 91

Maricopa 10 10 10 10 10 9 10 10 10 10 99

Nevada 10 7 5 3 7 10 10 7 5 64

St. Joseph 10 10 10 7 7 9 7 6 10 10 86

San Francisco 10 9 10 6 9 8 6 7 9 9 84

Snowflake 10 9 7 6 6 8 6 8 7 7 74

Star Valley 10 7 7 2 4 8 6 7 8 59

Taylor 10 9 8 8 8 8 9 10 10 10 90

Woodruff 7 9 10 10 5 6 7 10 7 9 80

California Mission 10 10 9 8 8 8 9 9 10 10 91

Western States Mission 10 10 4 3 1 7 6 5 3 49

N. W. States Mission 10 9 10 2 6 10 10 8 7 8 80

Attar

If I take in my hand a bottle of scent If I keep all my heart as a casket shut,

And offer my friend a drop, And let no one share with me;

And say And never say, In a friendly way:—In a friendly way:

"Would you like a sniff of my nice attar? "Is there anything, dear, I can do for you?'

Would he stop Ah. me,

In the midst of a busy day In the midst of a lonely day!

And take a drop on his hanky white. Would I open wide my lockedup heart,

And sniff and sniff in pure delight? And call to my friends to share a part?

If he did as he should. If I did as I should.

Of course, he would! Of course. I would.

If I take where I go the spirit of joy, So let us all carry our bottles of scent.

And smile at a friend I see, And offer our friends a drop;

And say, And say.

In a friendly way: In a friendly way:

"You're the very one I am glad to meet!'"Let me give you a sniff of my nice attar.

D'ye think that he Please, stop.

a dayWould pause—on a busy day 'Tis not too busy

And take my hand in a pleasant clasp. To take a drop on your hanky white,

A pleasant, warm and responding grasp? For attar of roses is love's delight."

If he did as he should, // we did as we should.

Of course, he would. Of course, we would.

Hobart, Tas. A. C. A. Dean Hewer

"I will not pray that each day be a perfect day, but I will pray to lapse not into indifference. I will not pray that each time I shall build both strong and true; but

imperfect. I will pray for impulse that I may build anew. * * Live one day at a time,

do your work as well as you can, and be kind."Elbert Hubbard.

Z& EVENT

Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh, on Feb. 13. Ethnology of the Smithsonian Institution, ac-

1 928. landed safely at Lambert. St. Louis flycording to an announcement from Washington.

ing field, having completed a 1200mile non- D. C. dated Feb. 5. 1928. Mr. Jewkes is

stop flight from Havana. Cuba, in 15 hours one of the outstanding figures in the Ameriand 35 minutes. Since his departure from can world of science. He joined the SmithWashington. Dec. 13. 1927. for the City of sonian staff in 1895. engaging in the field

Mexico, he has covered a route, including work in the Southwest, where he gathered one

Central and part of South America and West of the finest collections of primitive pottery.

India, of about 9.000 miles. The trip of Later he began extensive archaeological work

the famous aviator has come to be known in on the cliff houses of the Southwest. His

this country as the "goodwill flight,"a outstanding archaeological achievement was the term indicating what our government, no excavation and restoration, began in 1908. of

cliff dwellings and temples in Mesa Verdedoubt, intended it to be—an evidence of our the

"good will"toward all the American reNational park, in Colorado.

publics, including Mexico and Nicaragua. Dr. Friedrich I'rittwit/., the new ambassador

Claims to be a daughter of the late Czar from Germany, presented his credentials to

Nicholas of Russia. Mme. Anastasia TchaiPresident Coolidge. Jan. 31. 1928. The

kovsky, who asserts she is the Grand Duchess friendly relations between the United States

Anastasia Nikolcvna. youngest daughter of the and Germany. President Coolidge said, are "a

murdered Czar of Russia, and the only one source of particular gratification. "Germany

who escaped the massacre of the imperial Dr. Prittwitz replied, "desires cooperation [befamily at Ekaterinburg in July. 1918. artween nations] because she shares the convicrived in New York. Feb. 8. 1928. on the tion that only peaceful reconstruction can overBerengaria. She will be the guest of Mrs. come the deepgoing consequences of war."

Wm. B. Leeds, former Princess Xenia. who Earl Douglas Haig, commanderin-chief of

is one of the believers in the strange story the British forces in France and Belgium of the woman. during the world war. passed away suddenly

A new treaty between the United States and in London. Jan. 30. 1928, of heart failure

France, to take the place of the treaty ne66 years of age. Death came suddenly and

gotiated by Elihu Root in 1908. which exunexpectedly at the home of his sister. Mrs.

pires on Feb. 27. 1928. was signed in Wash- W. G. Jameson, at Prince's Gate. Countess

ington, Feb. 6. by Undersecretary of State Haig was not with him. as she was visiting

Robert E. Olds for the United States, in the friends. His youthful heir, 10year-old

absence of Secretary Kellogg and Ambassador George Alexander, was ill at the Haig home in

Paul Claudel for France. It was signed on Bemersyde. This lad. who now assumes his

the 150th anniversary of the very first treaty father's distinguished title, was a child of the between the two countries, negotiated by war, being born early in 1918, during that

Benjamin Franklin in 1778. It provides heartbreaking crisis to the British armies,

machinery for the arbitration of all disputes when the British armies, commanded by his between the two countries, not involving the father, were retreating under the terrible GerMonroe Doctrine or the obligations of France man onslaught which for a time, it appeared, to the League of Nations, and it is said to might spell the downfall of the allies.

contain, in the preamble, a declaration outWcerjfe Blasco Ibanez. the noted Spanish

lawing war. author, was reported dead. Jan. 27. 1928. at

Fall River. Mass.. was visited by a devastathis villa near Mentone. France. He has been

ing fire. Feb. 3. 1928. for the second time in active both in politics and literature. His

twelve years. The damage done was variously most widely known works are Blood and

estimated at from seven to twentvfive million Sand. The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse.

dollars. The damage was even greater than and Mare Nostrum.

that caused by the conflagration of Feb. 16. Elder Peter S. Christiansen of Salt Lake

1916. which ravaged a similar section of the City, died Jan. 25. 1928. in Copenhagen

city. Items in the loss were: Twenty or Denmark, according to a cablegram from Presmore buildings destroyed and as many more ident Joseph Peterson. Elder Christiansen

damaged. Approximately sixty stores and who was accompanied on the mission by his

similar business establishments wiped out or wife. Mrs. Wilhclmina Christiansen, left Salt

so badly damaged that it may be some time Lake City. May 4. 1926. He was born in

before they will operate at normal. Several Aarhus. Denmark. February 26. 1861. and

ihousand persons out of employment. came to Salt Lake thirtyfive years ago. He

Dr. Walter Jewkes has retired as adminhas been active in the L. D. S. Church for a

istrative head of the Bureau of American number of years. Mr. Christiansen is sur446 IMPROVEMENT ERA

vived by his widow and three children, Kaja. The bodies of the martyred Prophet Joseph

Oscar and Henry Christiansen, all of Salt Lake. Smith and his brother, Hyrum Smith, the

The body was shipped from Denmark. Feb. Patriarch, were exhumed and buried, Jan 20.

2, for interment in Salt Lake City. His Salt 1928, in crypts in the family lot, at Nauvoo.

Lake residence was 642 Bryant Avenue. For a 111., according to an account published by

number of years. Elder Christiansen was conthe newspapers. The remains, the account

nected with the DanishNorwegian weekly says, had been discovered by W. O. Hand,

publication. Bikuben. At the time of his death of Kansas City, Mo., a member of the Re

he edited Skandinaviens Stjerne, a mission paorganite church, buried in "the basement of a per published in Copenhagen. squalid, deserted house in Nauvoo,"and the

identification Frederick was made M. by Pres. T. Cosgrave, of the Irish Free Wm.

sect, Smith, the leader that of who, at the State, visited the congress United States on

Jan. 25. Addressing the Senate he said: same time, announced his intention of having

erected the in of honor grand monument Franklin "Benjamin came country 150 a to my also martyrs. was Smith The body of Emma years told the Irish that ago and parliament

the Irish people and the Americans alike were exhumed and placed by the side of the reto be those of her hussupposed now fighting for to mains freedom. I have come now

brother. his band and visit repay the the of that great man."Both

senate and the house acknowledged the presThe conference of the women on the cause ence of the visitor by recessing for a few minand cure of war, in session in Washington.

utes The object of the visit of Mr. Cos- D. C, on Jan. 18, 1928, endorsed the move

grave is. possibly, to remind the world that of the state department for a treaty renouncIreland now is an independent state in the ing war. Endorsement was also given the

great British empire, entitled to the same resolution of Representative Burton of Ohio recognition as other republics. under which the sale of arms to any country

president as defined na- "aggressor an by the George Washington Coethals, constructor of

Several prohibited. speakers tion"be would the passed Canal, at his Panama away home navalbuild- opposition voiced to the proposed in after a York, illness. lingering New 70

too, centered, ing program. Discussion upon years of age. his Despite in the long years

the plans for organized of public development Canal so deadly Zone, a place until he himin of peace favor opinion by the nine womself the necessity it saw of ridding of pestilence, and his arduous career in other places, Genen's organizations represented at the conference.

eral Goethals retained his robust health until The sessions of the Sixth PanAmerican recently, and only in the past few months congress began at Havana, Jan. 18. 1928.

did illness lay a heavy hand upon him. Two with addresses and assurances of good will.

months ago he became seriously ill. From Dr. Antonio Sanchez Bustamente, a Cuban,

that time until death his strength had been was elected president of the congress, and slowly slipping from him and. just at noon, Charles Evans Hughes, chairman of the Amerdeath at last terminated the long career of the ican delegation, vicepresident. Committees

famous engineer. to deal with the various subjects on the

The story of the death of Fred Hoyt. an agenda were appointed. An impressive feaaviator who perished in the mountains. 32 ture of the day was the raising of the flags

miles from Snowville, Utah, and 22 miles of the 21 nations, members of the Union. The

from Holbrook, Idaho, is told in notes which flag of the United States and each flag in he wrote before his eyes closed in the eternal turn was cheered, but the flags of Mexico sleep. He left Salt Lake City, Jan. 14. 1928. and Nicaragua came in for a great wave of

at 1 p. m.. and an hour later encountered fog popular acclaim. For Nicaragua there were

of shouts an outburst "Viva Nicaragua!"and in Strevell pass. ice to Soon began and form

cheers of that the national anthem drowned the plane sinking. lost control, was he When

a clearplayed congress band. by Cuban The he in It landed jumped and the snow. was

its ly afflicted the showed with sympathy then tried 3 p. m. fight unequal an now He

against cold and hunger. The last note was Central American republic.

written Jan. 15 at 3:00 p. m. He had then President Nibley's birthday. Commemoratdecided to stay where he was till the following ing the seventyninth birthday of President C.

day. The bodv was found seven days after- W. Nibley of the First Presidency, a sacrament

wards, ten miles from where the illfated meeting was held at the Nibley residence, 75 aviator had made his parachute landing. It North West Temple street, Sunday. A family

seems that on his way down the Crazy candinner, which was attended by 21 relatives, yon he had passed a ranch cabin, well stocked was held Saturday evening in the Hotel Utah.

with provisions, within 200 vards of his Funeral services for Mrs. Martha T. Cannon.

path, hidden among the trees. The body was wife of the late President George Q. Cannon,

taken to Ogden Jan. 22. and from there shipwho passed away at the home of her daughter.

ped to the coast. Mr. Hovt had been married Mrs. C. Clarence Neslen, Feb. 5, 1928, were

onlv a month, and one of his notes was adheld Feb. 7, in the Twentieth ward chapel.

dressed to his wife. She was born May 28. 1846. in St. Louis.

PASSING EVENTS 447

Mo. Her lather. Lewis Telle, and mother. occasion being the completion of the new

Amelia Rogers Telle, both died in her early $150,000 addition on the north end of tin childhood and she was adopted into the family building. Hundreds of visitors were in at

of her aunt. Mrs. George Beebe. With them tendance at the interesting s, i

she went to live in Polk City. Iowa, in which The first number of Utah Historical Quarplace she spent her girlhood. Her people terly, a new periodical, published by the Board

having joined the Church, she accompanied of Control Utah State Historical Society, them to Utah when she was about 15. Shortly was issued in January, 1928. Other numbers

thereafter the family returned to Iowa, where will appear in April, July and October. BeMrs. Cannon entered college. In 1866. she side the names of the Board of Control,

again set out for Utah without her family. Executive Officers. Articles of lncorpora

On arrival in Salt Lake, she engaged in school tion. Bylaws, etc., the January number conteaching and continued therein until her martains three interesting articles: "Salutatory,"

riage to President Cannon in 1868. There by Albert F. Philips: "Indian Names in Utah

have been born to her nine children, all living, Geography."by Wm. R. Palmer, and "Some

as follow: Mrs. Hester C. Richards and Useful Early Utah Indian References."by J.

Mrs. Amelia C. Chamberlin. twins: Lewis Cecil Alter.

Telle Cannon. Brigham Willard T. Cannon.

useher Wilson ended Sarah Jane Tempest Grace Mrs. Ncslen. Radcliffc Cannon. C.T.

at ful 9. the career earth 1928. on January all Salt of Lake; Cannon, Cannon, EspyQ. T.

Los Angeles, and Collins T. Cannon, Logan. home of her daughter. Mrs. Louise C. AnderUtah. son, in the Rexburg Third ward. Idaho. Mrs.

Tempest was born in Stockport. England.

The carl of Oxford and Asquith, Herbert H. April 15. 1842. She was baptized a member of

Asquith, died. Feb. 15. 1928, at Sutton the Church of Jesus Christ of Latierdjv

Courtenay, England, 75 years of age. He Saints, in 1857, by Elder Seymour B. Young:

stood at the head of the British government and was ever an untiring worker, being the in 1914, when the war broke out and during presiding officer of her ward Relief Society the first and perhaps most critical months for many years, counselor in the presidency continued conflict. as the the stormof But

I. A., L. cf held other Church the Y. and M. visible abateto signs rage of without any she offices. to in her Utah, 1866. way On turned against him. and publicment, opinion

at she City, stopped Nebraska was where politician.the picturesque Lloyd David more

27. to married Phineus September on Tempest replacedGeorge, him. Asquith born was

Sept. 12. 1852. of a middleclass, nonconThis union was blessed with eight children,

formist Yorkshire family. His father died six of whom, together with her husband, surservices held were vive her. funeral The to 8 he was and went the boywhen

chapel. 1 2 in the First ward January Rexburg school. to school AtLondon many he won

prizes: then two scholarships to Balloil colThe Hill Cumorah. located near Palmyra.

lege came his way. At Oxford he developed New York, one of the outstanding landmarks

as an orator, and. like Lords Curzon. Grey and points of interest in the history of the

and Milner. belonged to the famous Oxford Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

intellectual clique. influenced by Jowett. has been offered for sale to the Church, includYoung Asquith made no profession toward ing certain adjacent farm lands, by the adathletics, but was more human than John ministrators of the estate of Pliny T. Sexton,

Morlcy. who never knew any physical recwho owned the property. An acceptance of

reation but walking. Asquith played quoits: the offer by the First Presidency was immediin later life, golf was his recreation. He acately wired, according to a recent announcecepted his earldom in 1925. ment by President Heber J. Grant. It was

The Thomas D. Dee Memorial Hospital. from this hill that the Prophet Joseph Smith,

President Heber J. Grant offered the dediunder the direction of the angel Moroni,

catory prayer and delivered the principal adobtained the golden plates from which the dress at services held here Feb. 11. 1928, the Book of Mormon was translated

Something Worth While For Every Prospective Missionary and Student Coming to Salt Lake Send your name and address at once and it will be mailed to you

(Siegel Jewelry Co.)

76 EAST 2SP SOUTH STREET

HUMOROUS HINTS

First Dutchman (calling at the blacksmith): "Is der Schmidtie in?"

Second Dutchman: "Let some von schpeak dot knows how ter schpeak. Is der black

schmitt shop of der house ter home?"

Gasoline Fumes.-—Few men are willing to swallow the dust of automobiles in order

to "sit by the road and be a friend to man."With thousands of new automobile drivers let

loose every month and the advent of noiseless street cars, what chance is there for the poor pedestrians? While automobile manufacturing is increasing, pedestrians are advancing by leaps

and bounds. In the 60's brave men crossed the plains; brave men now cross the streets

tonic, step. at every automobiles took adodging now was run down man who Then—the

it will buthe takes prevent a stepping when an ambulance. on a snake, from man A rattle

comes to buying a secondhand flivver, he does not take the rattle for a warning. D. C.

Retsloff.

Correct Notes in Winter and Spring

Home Furnishings First Sounded Here Never a new note is struck in the homes of the elect—never

a new type of furniture is designed in the factories of foremost originators, but what is at once presented here for your approval.

We are in close touch always with the very sources of furniture and home furnishings modes. Seeing, judging and interpreting in

ways to suit your needs. In suite, in occasional pieces, in draperies,

in floorcoverings. The finest products of the best of all makers,

in almost infinite variety, and always at the lowest possible prices.

ESTABLISHED 1857 DINWOODEY'S""GOOD FURNITURE

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only l - lilKlut elaaa of advert UIiik. We recommend to our

readen the firm* and kooiIn found in our advertlxlngnngri

ADVERTI8BRS IN THIS ISSL'E Beneficial Life Ins. Co. National Life Ins. Co.

DayneaBeebe Music Co. Salt Lake Knitting Co.

Deseret Book Store Salt Lake Loan Office

Deseret News Southern Pacific Lines

Dlnwoodey Furniture C<*. Utali Home Fire Ins. Co.

Flelachmann'a Yeast UtahIdaho School Supply Co.

Joa. Win. Taylor. Undertaker Ziun's Cooperative Merc. Inat.

L. D. S. Business College

Mussolini is backing the project lo exhume Herculaneum. and our understanding is that

as soon as the city is uncovered, he's going to dare Vesuvius to do it again. Kansas City Star.

China has put its first refrigerator car in service between Shanghai and Nanking. This

is an excellent indication that they are going to keep something cool there at least. Christian

Science Monitor.

Information upto-date. What is the hardest thing on a woman's clothing? Her female

friends. Where is the clingingvine type that men once admired? Rolling their own in public.

What is left to make a man famous? The invention of a noiseless soup spoon. What is

more dangerous than a runaway team? A runaway tongue. Where do falling stars come

from? Hollywood.—D. C. Retsloff

Did Ton Ever Think of This?

If vou are not specifically trained for some type of useful employment it will not be long before tbe world will point its finger at you and call you a failure.

Ours is a school of opportunity. Here you have a chance

to do the best you can. independently of what anybody else

may do.

EVERY MONDAY we open the doors of opportunity when shall we have the privilege of welcoming you?

L. D. S. Business College

Write for Information "Utah's Largest Commercial Training SchooV

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA $18,391.36 Paid

To readers of the Deseret News

Protect Yourself and Family One Year—One Dollar

The wise person will act now.

Tomorrow may be too late Call or Write TRAVEL A PEDESTRIAN ACCIDENT Was. 550 Salt Lake City. Utah

INSURANCE

The Congressman who can stifle his own conscience is always able to ride in his own limousine. Most of those who are not paying installments on automobiles are kept busy

dodging them. Selfparking cars would be the acme of perfection. The grim reaper should

no longer be pictured with a scythe, he should be sitting at the steering wheel of an automobile.

tinggs "So John is dead?"

Griggs Yes."

Briggs "What were the doctors treating him for?"

Griggs 'They hadn't treated him. they were waiting for the disease to develop so they

might know what ailed him. -D. C. R.

The son and heir had just been christened and the minister was congratulating the parents on the baby's splendid behavior.

"Why,"said he. "this is the first time 1 have baptized a child who did not cry during

the ceremony."

"Ye see, sir,"answered the proud father, "he's got kind o'used to it. His mother an'

me hae been practicin'on him for the last fortnight wi'a bucket o'cauld water."

ce I Have Found Fleischmann's Yeast Keeps Me Physically Fit"

"I was troubled with sour stomach anil indigestion and did not think yeast would be of any benefit to me,"writes Vern A. Cullimore of Orem, Utah, "but for the

past three years I have eaten Fleischmann's Yeast with beneficial results.

"Being in work which does not give me much exercise, I have found that yeast tones up my system and keeps me physically fit.

"By taking two to three cakes of yeast per day before meals, I am not troubled with sour stomach or indigestion in the least and take pleasure in recommending

Fleischmann's Yeast as a corrective food as well as one which will absolutely relieve indigestion in all forms."

Thousands of other people who have suffered from constipation and its attendant ills—indigestion, skin eruptions and rundown condition—have found relief

through eating this fresh food. Eat three cakes a day, one before each meal. Eat it

plain, in small pieces; dissolved in water, cold or hot (not scalding) or any way

you prefer.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At All Grocers'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Reading

Brings wisdom to the young, and instruction to the old—it bring*

solace to everyone.

We have laid in a wonderful supply of new books for the boys and girls—books that instruct

while they amuse—that entertain

while they impart wisdom.

From the kiddies just able to understand Mother Goose Rhymes, to the more advanced pupil of the High School, we have books tbat suit every taste.

Come in and let us show them to you or write us for circulars.

Deseret Book Company 44 EAST ON SOUTH TEMPLE

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 UNDERTAKER 1927 Ben Equipped for Calls Night or Day In or Out of the City

Price of Casket* at Your Suiting—Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, Both Office and Residence 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE STREET

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO, General Agent. Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BEN NE'lT the IS THE TIME ""ST 1- NOW To BENNETT BENNETT SIMONIZ GAS GAS Your Car "Motorists Wiee SIMONIZ"Keep Your Car Looking New 10 Orange Colored Stations at Your Service

Accessories, Alemiting, Washing

MOUNTAINEER

OVERALLS 2

Mountaineer Overalls

Are made from first quality Denim,—

guaranteed for quality, fit and service.

SOMETHING

DIFFERENT The Spring-O-All Suspender, no rubber to rot, nothing to wear out.

Suppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfilment of these

Desires—Would You Not Think it Marvelous?

Your Income to continue even though accident or Illness should suddenly snatchyon amy or render yon unfit for work. An Income for your wife—a eollesr*

education for yonr children. The ownership of your home In ten years from now.

The possibility of retirement and the toy of travel and leisure In your later years.

Impossible? Absolutely not. These dreams can be realised

If yon act now Make today's hopes realities tomorrow.

A Beneficial Policy Is the Key to Success

Blots out year worries—Brines peace of mind

Beneficial Life Insurance Go.

"%> Home Office, Vermont Bid*.—Salt Lake Heber J. Grant, President Lonaio N. StoU, Manager

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA