Several new SelfStudy courses are available to or as a leader teacher you of are REGISTRATION FORM the youth in Church. courses The

designed to help you to understand D Please enroll me in the new SELFSTUDY more completely today's youth and the program at $5.00 for each course.

a complete information and more me D Send are interested. in which they programs Close

available. of all listing courses SELFSTUDY

this SelfStudy Under Program, new in for registering interested CREDIT I am noncredit each course taken be may catalog. complete Please send COURSES. me a

in the convenience of your own home, the pressures of examinations the without and grades. courses COURSE TITLE AND NUMBER These doit-yourself

are available for only $5.00 each.*

Write today for a free catalog listing all Enclosed is my fee for $ available. courses textbooks Order the required from the BYUgeneration

bill later. Bookstore and me Favorite Youth Courses

I textbooks. will acquire own my Gospel Principles in 365X—Applying

Church Youth Programs Name LAST FIRST MIDDLE gap 172X—Cub Scout Leadership

173X—Boy Scout Leadership Social Security Number

174X—Explorer Leadership Street

32 IX—Psychology of Adolescence

372X—Basketball Fundamentals and City

Coaching State Zip 261X—The Latterday Saint Family

$7 OUTSIDE NORTH AMERICA

Brigham Young University Department of Home Study 210 HRCB Box E, Provo, Utah 84601 I * Voice of the Church December,1970 On the Cover Special Features A church on the move. This is the 2 "That the Fullness of My Gospel Might Be Proclaimed,"President

import of the photographs reproduced Joseph Fielding Smith on this issue's cover. Progress on 5 Goodbye to the Era, Elder Richard L. Evans

office buildingthe Church new Christmas The is 6 Best, Royal R. Meservy I Remember

withSalt theportrayed Lake Temple 8 I Walk, Yea, Though Melvin DeGraw withthe old the new. of the Members

Church have always sought the best of 10 Sixtynine Years of the Children's Friend, Mary R. Jack

both. The smaller photographs were 13 Thorpe B. Isaacson, 18981970

at general thetaken October confer14 18771970 Ray Riggs McKay, Emma ence. represent They the Church 14 Miracle Anonymous on themembership move—building, 18 Learn, A. Pool Rodger How Childrengrowing, doing things. meaningful

timelyThese themes on which seem to close the consecutive issue 26127 ConferenceAddresses 878th of the Improvement Era.

Regular Features 24 Witness the Christ, Mabel Jones Gabbott 129 Lest We Forget: They Who Served, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

130 LDS Scene 132 The Church Moves On 136 Presiding Bishop's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About

Being in the World But Not of the World, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

137 Buffs and Rebuffs 138 Today's Family: "Welcome to My World...,"Mabel Jones Gabbott

140 On This Christmas Day, Greetings 141 These Times: Ensignship for Future Times, Dr. G. Homer Durham

144 End of an Era The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

49, 93, 104, 128 bra OT YOUth Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

146 And After the Manger Scene, What? Kenneth W. Godfrey

148 A Capsule of Conference for Youth 150 Scout Sub, Dora D. Flack

152 The Fragrance of Christmas, Marion D. Hanks

154 Quiet Thoughts for Christmas 157 Beautiful Things Happen At Christmas, Elaine Cannon

Fiction and Poetry 20 A Matter of Direction, Lael J. Littke

19, 105 Poetry

Fielding Doyle Assistant Todd, Eleanor Managing Smith,Editor; L. Green,Editor; Jr.,Jay JosephKnowles, ManagingAlbert RichardMabel Editor; Editorial CopyG. Associate; AlbertManuscript ElliottResearchM. Durham, Homer Landau, Nibley,Gabbott,Editor;Editors; Marion JonesHughofL. Evans,Youth Elaine TrumanEra Era L. Payne,Cannon, Editor; of G.YouthL.Madsen,Zobell,Editor;Associate LeonardReynolds,Bernell Ralph Arrington,W.ArtBerrett,Editor;Director;Contributing Nor- D.Artist.Hanks, Staff Editors;man Price,

W.Snarr,Jay CirculationEldredge, GeneralManager;Manager;S. GlennFlorenceSmith, S.AdvertisingJacobsen, Representative.Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A, Glen

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, 1970; publishedGeneral bySuperintendent,the Mutual ImprovementYoung Men'sAssociations.Mutual ImprovementAll rightsAssociationreserved. of The Church

forEnteredin sectionat the 1103,Post Office,Act of OctoberSalt Lake1917,City, authorizedUtah, as secondJuly 2, class1918.matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided

Subscriptionaddress. specialfrom a issues.recent issueThirtyof days'the magazine;notice requiredaddress forchangeschangecanof labelincluded. not be madeWhenpriceunlessordering$4.00the old aa change,year,address,in pleaseadvance;as wellinclude35cas thesingle yournewaddresscopyone, exceptis

is return.but toaccomcarry ManuscriptsThe Era

advertisements ThepaniedImprovementby sufficientof interestErapostagewelcomesto forreaders,deliverycontributionsbutanddoing Paymentnot notresponsibleimply so does is madeChurchforuponunsolicitedendorsementacceptance.manuscripts. Advertising:of the advertiser or ishis mustpleasedproduct.be

Official organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching Committee, Music

Committee, Church School System, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Era, December 1970 1 Gospel "That theFulness ofMy

My beloved brethren and sisters, we written in the past I would teach and bid you welcome at the commencement write again under the same circumof this the 140th Semiannual Conferstances.

ence of The Church of Jesus Christ of And what I say of myself should be

Latterday Saints. true for all the Brethren and for all

all of elders the Church. the We are Lord has that the grateful are We

be to the gospel, to preach called toof privilege coming this us given gether again to worship him in spirit ministers of Christ, to. raise the warnand in truth, and we pray that there ing voice, and to "teach one another

may be a great outpouring of his Spirit the doctrine of the kingdom."

in the sessions of this conference. In the early days of this dispensaWe extend a special welcome to tion, the Lord said to those called in

our Father's other children, devout and his ministry, "that every man might good people of many faiths who join speak in the name of God the Lord, with us by listening to the radio and even the Savior of the world;... That

television broadcasts. the fulness of my gospel might be

I hope that I may now have the proclaimed by the weak and the simsustaining power of your faith and ple unto the ends of the world, and prayers as I speak to you. I rejoice in before kings and rulers."(D&C 1:20,

the privilege of raising my voice in 23.)

doctrine, in testimony, and in thanksTo those called "to go forth to giving. preach"his gospel and to all "the

For more than sixty years I have elders, priests and teachers"of his the "shall teach said: church, They he stakes in the and the preached The in are gospel, of which principles with my of the missions gospelChurch—pleading the of Mormon,"Book Bible and the the to commandments, keep Saints theEditor's F&ge

shall they "as scriptures, other the to and children other Father's inviting our accept the truth of salvation which be directed by the Spirit."(See D&C

By President has come to us by revelation in this 42:1113.)

are not of the Lord we As agents dispensation. Joseph Fielding Smith present to the teach or authorized days I have studied the called All my

scriptures and have sought the guidance philosophies of the world or the specuof the Spirit of the Lord in coming to lative theories of our scientific age.

an understanding of their true meanOur mission is to preach the doctrines ing. The Lord has been good to me, of salvation in plainness and simpliciand I rejoice in the knowledge he has ty as they are revealed and recorded

given me and in the privilege that has in the scriptures.

been and is mine to teach his saving After directing us to teach the prinprinciples. ciples of the gospel found in the stanAs I ponder the principles of the gosdard works, as guided by the Spirit, the

pel, I am struck forcibly by the uniform Lord then made that great pronouncemanner in which I and all the Brethment which governs all the teaching of ren have taught them over the years. his gospel by anyone in the Church:

The truths of the gospel are ever- "And the Spirit shall be given unto lastingly the same. Like God himself, you by the prayer of faith; and if ye

they are the same yesterday, today, receive not the Spirit ye shall not and forever. What I have taught and teach."(D&C 42:14.)

I

Address delivered at general conference Friday morning, October 2, 1970Might Be Proclaimed'

In harmony with the spirit of these in immortality, while those who bemessage of the gospel in a way that revelations, and with a heart full of lieve and obey his laws shall also gain surpasses anything of the past. The

love for all men, I ask the members eternal life. Church is becoming established in

of the Church to learn and live the Joseph Smith was a prophet, called Japan and Korea, in Taiwan and Hong gospel and to use their strength, energy, in these last days to receive by revelaKong, and we are getting started in and means in proclaiming it to the tion the saving truths of the gospel Thailand, Singapore, and Indonesia.

world. We have received a commission and to stand as a legal administrator, And the day will come, in the provifrom the Lord. He has given a divine having power from on high, to admindence of the Lord, when other nations,

mandate. He has commanded us to go ister the ordinances of the gospel. now closed to the message of truth,

forth with unwearying diligence and Since these truths revealed through shall have their doors opened to us, offer to his other children those savhim are the ones which shall go forth and the elders of Israel will go in to ing truths revealed to the Prophet to every nation before the Second Comtell the honest in heart in those naJoseph Smith. ing, it is little wonder that we find tions about Christ and the gospel of his

God our Eternal Father is the author Moroni saying to Joseph Smith that kingdom that has come upon the earth of the plan of salvation. This plan is his "name should be had for good and in this day through the Prophet Joseph

the gospel of Jesus Christ; it is that evil among all nations, kindreds, and Smith.

"through the Atonement of Christ, all tongues, or that it should be both good Indeed, there are more doors opened mankind may be saved, by obedience and evil spoken of among all people."to us now than we can enter with the

to the laws and ordinances of the (Joseph Smith 2:33.) number of missionaries who are availGospel."(Article of Faith 3.) Nor is it any wonder when we later able. We hope to see the day when

In every age when the gospel is on find the Lord saying to the Prophet: every worthy and qualified young

earth, it must be revealed to the Lord's "The ends of the earth shall inquire Latterday Saint man will have the prophets, and they must be called to after thy name, and fools shall have privilege of going forth on the Lord's stand as legal administrators to perthee in derision, and hell shall rage errand to stand as a witness of the form and to direct the performance against thee; truth in the nations of the earth.

of the ordinances of salvation for their "While the pure in heart, and the We now have many and can use fellowmen. wise, and the noble, and the virtuous, many more stable and mature couples

Joseph Smith is the prophet whom shall seek counsel, and authority, and in this great missionary cause, and we the Lord called in this day to restore blessings constantly from under thy hope that those who are worthy and the truths of salvation and to receive hand."(D&C 122:1-2.) qualified will set their affairs in order

the keys and powers to administer The ends of the earth are now beand respond to calls to preach the gosthese saving truths. ginning to inquire after the name of pel and will perform their obligations

To him the Lord said: "... this Joseph Smith, and many people in acceptably.

generation shall have my word through many nations are rejoicing in the We also have and can use many you."(D&C 5:10.) And then, referring gospel restored through his instruyoung sisters in this work, although

to the gospel restored through Joseph mentality. the same responsibility does not rest

Smith, the Lord said: "This Gospel of Since the beginning of this dispensaupon them that rests upon the breththe Kingdom shall be preached in all tion, the testimony of Jesus, as revealed ren, and our greater concern with

the world, for a witness unto all nato Joseph Smith, has been preached in reference to young sisters is that they tions, and then shall the end come, or the United States, Canada, Great Britenter proper marital unions in the the destruction of the wicked."(Joseph ain, most of Europe, and the islands temples of the Lord.

Smith 1:31.) of the Pacific. We invite members of the Church to

Thus we link the names of Jesus In recent years there has been an assist financially in sustaining the

Christ and of Joseph Smith. Christ is almost unbelievable expansion of the missionary cause and to contribute

the Lord; he worked out the atoning work in Mexico, in the Central Ameriliberally of their means for the spread

sacrifice; he is the resurrection and the can countries, and in South America. of the gospel.

life; through him all men are raised And Asia is now being opened to the We commend those who are serving

Era, December 1970 3 so valiantly in the great missionary unto you, Nay; for ye have not come I know that God lives and that Jesus

cause. Joseph Smith said: "After all thus far save it were by the word of Christ is his Son. I have a perfect

that has been said, the greatest and Christ with unshaken faith in him, knowledge that the Father and the Son most important duty is to preach the relying wholly upon the merits of him appeared to Joseph Smith in the spring gospel."(Teachings of the Prophet who is mighty to save. of 1820 and gave him commandments

Joseph Smith, p. 113.) "Wherefore, ye must press forward to 'usher in the dispensation of the

We invite our Father's children with a steadfastness in Christ, having fulness of times.

everywhere to give heed to the words a perfect brightness of hope, and a love I know that Joseph Smith translated of the missionaries who are reaching of God and of all men. Wherefore, if the Book of Mormon by the gift and

the nations of the earth. ye shall press forward, feasting upon power of God, and that it has come

We plead with them to accept the the word of Christ, and endure to the forth "to the convincing of the Jew

Lord as their God and to come and end, behold, thus saith the Father: Ye and Gentile that Jesus is the Christ,

worship him in spirit and in truth shall have eternal life."(2 Ne. 31:19the Eternal God, manifesting himself

and in the name of Jesus Christ our 20.) unto all nations."

Lord. There is no more important thing I know that The Church of Jesus

We invite all men to believe in that anyone in the world can do than Christ of Latterday Saints is the kingChrist, to accept him without reservato receive the gospel and inherit its dom of God on earth, and that as now tion as the Son of God, as the Only glorious blessings. constituted and officered it has the

Begotten of the Father, to have faith And there is no more impotrant Lord's approval and is moving in the in his holy name, and to signify their counsel that can be given to any memcourse so directed.

love for him by keeping his commandber of the Church than to keep the Let all men know assuredly that this ments and receiving those whom he has commandments after baptism. The is the Lord's Church and he is directing

sent in his name to preach his gospel. Lord offers us salvation on condition its affairs. What a privilege it is to

We know that if men will have faith of repentance and faithfulness to his have membership in such a divine in Christ, repent of their sins, covelaws. institution!

nant in the waters of baptism to keep I plead with the world to repent And I pray that the gospel cause his commandments, and then receive and believe the truth, to let the light shall spread, and that the honest in the Holy Ghost by the laying on of of Christ shine in their lives, to keep heart in every nation shall be brought hands by those who are called and every good and true principle they to a knowledge of the Lord Jesus ordained unto this power—and if they have, and to add to these the further Christ.

will then keep the commandments light and knowledge that has come by I pray for the preservation and sucthey shall have peace in this life and revelation in this day. I plead with cess of the missionaries and new coneternal life in the world to come. them to join The Church of Jesus verts, and ask God our Father to look

Now may I say to all those who forChrist of Latterday Saints and reap down upon them in love and in mercy sake the world and join the Church, the blessings of the gospel. and give them the desires of their

and to all the members of the Church, I plead with the members of the hearts in righteousness.

that Church membership alone will Church to do the works of righteous- I pray for the youth of the Church not assure us of the full blessings of ness to keep the commandments, to and of the world in these perilous the gospel or guarantee us an entrance seek the Spirit, to love the Lord, to put times, times when gospel standards are into the celestial kingdom. After bapfirst in their lives the things of God's needed as much as has been the case

tism we must keep the commandments kingdom, and thereby work out their in any age of the earth's history.

and endure to the end. salvation with fear and trembling beAnd I thank the Lord for his goodSpeaking to members of the church, fore the Lord. ness and grace and for all the blessNephi said: "... after ye have gotten And now to all men—in and out of ings he has so abundantly poured out

into this straight and narrow path, I the Church—I bear my testimony to upon the world, upon his church, and

would ask if all is done?"the truth and divinity of this great upon us as individuals. In the name

Then he answered: "Behold, I say latterday work. of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. O

By Elder Richard L. Evans

Editor And so we come to the end of an Era—an end that is a beginning. The

Improvement Era ceases publication with this issue. The Ensign, the New

Era, and the Friend begin their mission next month.

Emerson said that "an institution is the lengthened shadow of one man."The Era has been the lengthened shadow of many—too many to

mention—and the lengthening of it is beyond measure in the lives it has

touched in its seventythree years of service.

Thanks to all of you—you who brought it into being under difficult

conditions, with no money but with a conviction that the need was there.

Thanks to the Presidents of the Church under whose guidance the magazine was started and who served as its editors through all these years—Presidents Joseph F. Smith, Heber J. Grant, George Albert Smith,

David O. McKay, and Joseph Fielding Smith.

Thanks to you, you other editors—past and present—you business managers, you the staff.

Thanks to you the contributors through all the years—an illustrious long

list. O what great ones there were—and are.

Thanks to you, the MIA, the general board members, the Presiding

Bishopric, the priesthood quorums and committees, the Department of

Education, the Genealogical Society, the Era representatives in wards and stakes—thanks to all who have helped make the Era an influence for great

good, in many ways helping to hold the Church together—worldwide.

Thanks to you, the subscribers, the readers—for the whole intent is

that the message be read and touch the hearts and minds and lives of people. "The greatest use of a life is to spend it on something that outlasts it."

The Era will forever outlast itself in its farreaching effects, as it has brought the written word to the homes of countless people—worldwide.

It shouldn't take too long to say goodbye when there is a happy ending—and this one is: an ending that is but a beginning.

Goodbye to the Improvement Era!

Welcome to the Ensign, the New Era, and the Friend!

The old and the new—but the message is constant, and the purpose is

that each of us shall find peace and happiness and the highest possibilities of everlasting life.

"God bless us, everyone."O

Era, December 3970 5

It was the Sunday before Christside of Diez, still cramped up m| mas, and our family was discussing boxcar, hungry and thirsty. It was*

memorable Christmases. After some on this memorable afternoon that

discussions among the children, my I learned the true meaning of elevenyear-old son Greg asked, Christmas.

redark American Christmas Just before which"Dad, do you tell flew overhead, best? and bombs am Will you us bombersmember

about it?"fell so close that one boxcar door

That was a big Order, but after a was ripped entirely off. As the-,

few minutes'hesitation, I probombing continued, someone asked, ceeded to tell them this experience: "Has anybody got a Bible?"I

The Christmas that stands out reached into my pocket and handed most in my mind was that of 1944, him my pocket edition of the New during World War II. We had, Testament. He turned to the secfought through the Battle of the ond chapter of St. Luke and read:

Ardennes and were then sent to the "And there were in the same

Siegfried Line to replace the Seccountry shepherds abiding in the ond Division. We had been "there a field, keeping watch over their

week when the German offensive flock by night.

known as the Belgian Bulge began. "And, lo, the angel of the Lord

We were right on the nose of that came upon them, and the glory of thrust and were commanded to hold the Lord shone round about them:

at all costs. For two and a half days and they were sore afraid.

we fought and held. But finally, "And the angel said unto thenv

on December 19, 1944, we were Fear not: for, behold, I bring you

forced to surrender. good tidings of great joy, which

After we were searched, we stood shall be to all people.

out in a barnyard all night. The "For unto you is born this day

next morning we began a march of in the city of David a Saviour, thirtyeight miles. There was no which is Christ the Lord.

food, except part of a raw sugar "And this shall be a sign unto beet that I dashed into a field to you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped

get as we marched along. in swaddling clothes, lying in a

The following morning, after manger.

sleeping on the cold, damp ground, "And suddenly there was with we moved slowly forward. We arthe angel a'multitude of the heavrived at a big building about noon enly host praising God, and saying,

and were given two packages of "Glory to God in the highest, and

German emergency ration crackers on earth peace, good will toward and a ride to the Geroldstein, Germen."(Luke 2:8-14.)

many, railway station, where we I had heard that scripture read slept on the hard cement. On year after year, but never before or

December 21, we were loaded since with the emotion and feeling aboard a train of boxcars, with 65 with which It was read in that men to each car. The sliding doors boxcar.

on either side of the car were wired Peace came over us* He hanaed shut from the outside. There was the Bible back to me, and we all

no food or water. sat quietly, each deep in his own

December 23, 1944, found us outthoughts.

The next day, after eightyeight- hours without water, we were given

Dr. Royal R; Meservy, assistant water and later some food. Christin the choir director clerk and

is mas of 1944 is the one I remember (California) Fifth Ward, Whittier counselor at Fullerton Junior Colbest because I was grateful just to lege. be alive. O

*!"5'\r...,- Hf

te

.-.:'.

Jfea,Thoiigh IWalk severeIt wasin the1918 northernand wintervalleywasof

Jotun, Norway, where my father struggled with a small farm. AlBy Melvin DeGraw though the farmland was never

Illustrated by Richard Bird blessed with the rich soil so abun-

I can remember Jotun very dant in western continents, we manfaintly now. As the years have aged to make ends meet with small

dimmed the recollection of those crops. It was always hard work,

childhood experiences in central and we enjoyed few luxuries.

Norway, so also have they intensiChristmas was a day we all fied my memory of a few events of looked forward to with impatience.

so many years ago. Tiny white We began to decorate the house

flakes of snow now swirling around early in December, and during the my window remind me of Jotun and following weeks we would gather that Christmas many years ago. around the old piano to sing ChristMelvin DeGraw became deeply interested in the Church as a result of reading some antiMormon literature in the public library. Now a convert of six

years, he is an active member of the St. Louis (Missouri) First Ward.

a

My voice seemed to lock on me, a foot at a time. How many more

arid I stopped suddenly, my hands seconds, minutes, or hours before gripping the back of a chair. My disaster would visit the valley

father calmly but swiftly came to below?

mas songs. There was always much my side. He did not doubt what I As the first rays of dawn came

laughter and reverence as the spirit had heard. He could tell by the through the windows, we thought

of our Messiah's birthday cheered frightened look on my face. He of this special day—Christmas. And

the atmosphere. went to the open door and stood we thought of father, somewhere

When we were very young, my silently, his breath visible in the in the valley, who, with God's sisters and I would cut out little quickly chilling room. Turning to strength and power, was being

decorations for the tree, getting us, his handsome face was long guided on a dangerous mission.

everything ready for the big night and drawn, and the even lines of It was bitterly cold and the sky when St. Nicholas would pay his his brow were fashioned in worry. was clear and crisp as we finally

nocturnal visit. His simple statement was conclugathered at the door, watching a

It was on the night before Christsive: "It is the ice on Galdhoping. thin column of people walk slowly

mas that the incident so deeply The people in the valley must be toward us on the snowy path below.

imbedded in my memory happened. warned."Father, his face unshaven, was in

I was bringing the milk out of the Should the ice slip, we all knew the lead.

barn, walking briskly across the that it would avalanche devasAt 11:13 that Sabbath morning,

newly fallen snow toward the tiny, tatingly through the valley, annihithe whole of Mount Galdhoping brightly lit house. The air was lating everything in its terrible seemed to empty into the valley

bitterly crisp, and stars twinkled wake. Such a disaster had occurred with a rumbling that would leave

brilliantly through the vast blackthe year before my older sister was nothing in its wake but destruction.

ness overhead. born, and both of my father's There would be no houses left, no

Suddenly I heard the noise—parents had perished. homes to go back to, but the people

faint, sharp, cracking sound that Father thought swiftly. Time were alive. Yes, it was Christmas!

echoed slightly through the valley. would be against him, and the deep Despite the destruction, we rejoiced

I stood paralyzed in my tracks, with snow would be an almost insurthat day and gave our thanks to a the heavy milk buckets hanging at mountable handicap. He could kind and merciful God who had

my sides. Now I could hear notheasily fall in one of the treacherous spared our lives...

ing, as the silence engulfed the tiny powder snowdrifts, which were imNow I rise from my chair and plateau and the immense valley. I possible to detect at night; or he walk to the window, watching a

strained my ears, every fiber in my might perish along with the people tiny snowflake come to rest against body alert to the perception of anyin the valley, should the avalanche the wide pane. Tears have formed

thing audible. As I stood for what develop before he could return. in my eyes as again the memory of

seemed to be an eternity, the sound Our house was relatively safe that eventful day comes back to me.

came again, slightly more distinct from danger because it sat on a I turn from the window and my than the first time. It was a grating, little plateau, with the descending heart warms. Our Christmas tree

cracking noise, only an echo from valley rolling steeply to the south this year isn't big. The presents for

the distant peaks by the time it of us. But there were nine houses our grandchildren are waiting to

reached me. in the valley. Father would warn be opened by the starryeyed

Although I had never heard this each household and invite them to youngsters on Christmas morning.

sound before, I knew what it was. start back with him toward the Youthful and innocent, they do not

Millions of tons of ice, accumulated plateau. yet know of winters in Jotun many

layer upon layer over the years, Throughout the long night my years ago. Oh, but they will know

were slipping slowly from one of mother, my sisters, and I sat in the when they are old enough, for this the gigantic peaks! tiny room, transfixed by the flickis a story that must be repeated by

I burst into the house with a ering yellow candlelight as it rethem to their children.

hysterical scream, the words chokflected grotesque shadows against It does a man good to pause and ing in my throat. "Father, the ice the wall. The sound of cracking ice recall the stories of his father. It

is going to fall! I heard it crack was now audible, echoing through brings humble joy and a spirit that

just now. It will fall in the valley the valley at sporadic intervals. It will last long after the memories of

and kill all the people!"was slipping maybe an inch, maybe Christmas have passed. O

Era, December 1970 9

Sixtynine years of joy for the day on the verge of failure, and in In a Primary general board meeting children, fact the Church is being appealed where a name was being discussed,

Sixtynine years of help for the to to come to their assistance. In it was decided that Primary Friend

home, the light of these facts, and the inwould be a good name. Miss DerSixty-nine years of Primary achieveability of the Church to render any bidge, then assistant secretary, was

ment, assistance whatever in such a direcappointed to write up the notices.

Sixtynine years of a labor of love! tion, they could not consent to an When she had completed her task

attempt on your part to put a new and was showing the papers to the

As the Primary Association moveperiodical in the field. other members of the board, it was

ment spread to the various com- "The Presidency send you their found that she had unconsciously munities and a general board was kind regards, and hope that you written Children's Friend. Everyappointed to prepare lessons and will be able to continue your labors one thought this was a better name,

give general supervision, the need without the assistance of a paper, so the Children's Friend it became.

for a magazine was felt. The matter for the present at least."Miss May Anderson, a convert to

was discussed, but there were diffiBut the Primary women were perthe Church from England, a trained culties in the way. There were no sistent, and in 1901 they decided to kindergarten teacher, and general

funds. try again. This time consent was secretary of the Primary board, beLater the matter was referred to given, and the new magazine was came its first editor. (Although she

the First Presidency, who replied started. was initially appointed for a sixon April 28, 1896: Although there still were no month term, she was to serve for

"The First Presidency considered funds and the printer was dubious, 38 years!

the subject matter of your late the women rolled up their sleeves In the office in the Templeton communication in which you desire and went to work. The first edition Building, she and Louie B. Felttheir mind in regard to starting a appeared in January 1902. Subgeneral Primary president, adpaper in the interest of the Primary scriptions were sold at a rate of one dressed the magazines by hand,

Associations. Presidents Woodruff dollar a year. By January 29, 1902, wrapped and tied them with mateand Smith (President Cannon ab868 subscriptions had been sold, rials brought from home, and

sent in the east) are clearly of the and the magazine was safely personally delivered them to the opinion that such a venture could launched. post office. The Children's Friend

not be made to pay financially for Olive Derbidge ( Christensen ) is in the beginning was onehalf its the reason that papers of years'given credit for naming the magapresent page size.

standing in our community are tozine, but she said it named itself. The opening feature in that first

issue was a poem by L. Lula Greene

Mary R. Jack began working on the Children's Friend in 1913 and has since

served as associate editor and as managing editor. Since 1940 she has also Richards, "Our Work and Our

been secretary to the Tabernacle Choir. Wealth,"which was written during

the meeting of the board when the

SixtynineYears of the Children's Friend

By Mary R. Jack

THE CHILDREN'S FRIEND.

"- "i <'NUtMIHUi

First edition of the Children's Friend, published January 1 902 May Anderson, first editor of the LaVern W. Parmley, last editor of

Children's Friend (19021939) the Children's Friend (1 951 -1 970)

new magazine was being discussed. to the Church from Denmark. He dren in pioneer settings. The entire

The second feature was a greetalso contributed the first illustrayear carried features commemoraing signed by Sister Felt: tions and the first picture story tive of this important anniversary.

"Beloved Sisters:—With feelings series, "ZippoZip and His Friends."Editor Howells planned and

of intense joy, deep devotion and With the reorganization of the sponsored a series of Book of Morprofound gratitude we introduce Primary Association in January mon paintings by a noted artist, this little book. Hope and fear 1940, May Green Hinckley became Arnold Friberg, for the fiftieth analternately plead for supremacy president and editor (19401943). niversary of the Children's Friend.

and we humbly ask that you will She was followed by Adele Cannon In a way, these brought internaexercise charity and assist us by Howells (19431951) and LaVern tional renown to Mr. Friberg, for

your faith and prayers. W. Parmley (19511970). copies of the magazine prompted a

"If in any way our little book will Outstanding features in the magrepresentative of Cecil B. de Mille

help the young to learn that 'Wisazine during May Green Hinckley's to ask for loan of the artist for dom's ways are pleasant ways and term included Church history artiThe Ten Commandments.

all its paths are peace,'our reward cles, articles from Church leaders, Also honoring the fiftieth anniwill be ample."cutout and color pages, excerpts versary of the magazine, two ChilAlthough the magazine contained from pioneer diaries, children's dren's Friend story books, one for

lessons for the Primary classes, the hobbies, and series on manners, younger and one for older children, lessons had many supplementary music, foods, and children's art. were published.

stories and memory gems that the The November 1940 number carried A radio series, "Children's Friend boys and girls read and reread. the magazine's first birthday greetof the Air,"was carried on a local

Thus the magazine from that very ing to a President of the Church, radio station for several years, with first issue became their magazine. Heber J. Grant, which practice has dramatized stories from the magaSubscriptions increased, and by the been followed every year since. zine. The program later moved to

end of February the list of subThe magazine also added a departtelevision, where a series on kindscribers had grown to 1,248. ment of lessons for mission Priness to animals, an outgrowth of the

As time went on, stories, serials, maries. One particularly interesting Children's Friend Kindness to Aniverse, crafts, pictures, and other cover featured the picture of a mals Club, was featured.

features were added, and the leschild from each stake and mission Several awards earned by the sons were published in bulletins of the Church (November 1940). Children's Friend were presented

for the teachers. Adele Cannon Howells added to to LaVern W. Parmley, who folIn 1924, the page of the magazine the magazine a department of pen lowed Adele Cannon Howells as

was enlarged to its present size. pals and one of children's contribueditor. The National OffsetLithog-

The enlarged magazine carried a tions. An outstanding feature for raphy Competition gave the magacontinuing series of twocolor covthe Utah pioneer centennial year in zine its first award in 1953, for the

ers by C. Nelson White, a convert 1947 was covers featuring chilBook of Mormon paintings by

A. Twocolor cover by C. Nelson White, March 1926

B. December 1941 cover, featuring sculpture by Avard Fairbanks

C. Wraparound cover for first International Issue of the Children's Friend,

October 1966, designed and painted by Dorothy Wagstaff

D. First of photographic series of children in pioneer settings, January 1947

E. November 1970 Children's Friend in fourcolor by Neva Schultz

Era, December 1970 11

Arnold Friberg, and its second send the magazine to missions and editor, the magazine has reached award in 1954. Three awards were missionaries everywhere. an alltime high, with a circulareceived from the National SafetyThe following from a stake Prition of nearly 170,000.

Council for "exceptional service to mary president is typical of the The following, selected from safety."There was also an award response many such testimonials, will attest

from the National Association for "I am writing concerning the to the popularity and editorial qualPress Women; one from the Simp- 'Friend on a Mission.'My wards ity of the Children's Friend:

son Gallery of Fine Printing and are anxious to get started; we had "Please convey to the Children's

Lithography; and the Mead Award, such good results last year.... Friend staff my sincere congratulain national competition for outSome of the wards are planning a tions on their splendid work. The

standing printing. special banquet for the Primary format, illustrations, stories, and

children and their friends to be features are outstanding. Chilheld in the afternoon.... They dren's Friend ranks with the best

really like this 'Friend on a Misof children's magazines. It is an

... 69 years sion. asset to any home—Mormon or non-

A lady missionary wrote that she Mormon."

of a and her companion had knocked on "Thanks so much for sending me the door of a home but were not a sample copy of your magazine. I

labor of love"admitted by the mother. Since have ordered several samples of

there were children in the home, magazines and to me yours is tops!

the next day the missionaries re- I'm sure children enjoy it."

turned with copies of the Children's "May I say how much our twins

An effort to modernize the ChilFriend and asked the mother if the and my husband and I enjoy your dren's Friend and give it a new children might look at them. She little booklet. It is both educational

look was made in 1961. Many smiled and said yes. Before long and amusing. We all love it, and

children and their parents were the parents and children were we happen to be Catholics!"

pleased with what was termed its baptized. "I take and enjoy reading the

"ultramodern look,"but the vote From Australia a missionary Children's Friend even if I am opposing it was three to one. After wrote: "Fredia is a nineyear-old getting old. I especially like to have

six months, the magazine continued girl. Fredia and her mother have it in the home for my grandchildren

to be modern but not "ultra."set a date for baptism. They first or neighbor children."

The first color in the magazine started investigating the Church "I consider the Children's Friend appeared in 1933. This was very when a missionary brought the to be the best publication in its field

primitive compared to the lovely Children's Friend to their home.—bar none."

fourand fivecolor art introduced Their conversion began with the "I just started to Primary and I later during the editorship of Lareading of the magazine."am in the Sunbeam class. I didn't

Vern W. Parmley. The Children's Friend has been like to go to class by myself, but

With a beautiful magazine that the "voice of the Church to chilMommie said if I was good and was selling for two dollars and dren."Its editors and editorial brave I could have the Children's

fifty cents a year, it was felt that boards have endeavored to supply Friend come to me just like my big more children should be reached. the children of the Church and sister. Will you send it to me,

Under the direction of Editor children everywhere with materials please? (I have been good and

Parmley, and with Leone W. Doxey that inspire testimony, faith, reverbrave for 4 weeks.)"

as circulation manager, the "Friend ence, obedience, service, and other "I like your books very much. I

on a Mission"campaign was invirtues in keeping with the restored hope my mother will sign up again.

augurated, giving children an opgospel of Jesus Christ, and to ocYour stories are very good. I like

portunity to follow the admonition cupy their leisure time in a wholethe things to do. I have learned a

of President David O. McKay, some way. lot of things out of your books. My

"every member a missionary."ChilUnder the present able direction brother likes them, too!"

dren earned and contributed their of Editor LaVern W. Parmley, her So end the 69 years of the Chilpennies; ward and stake Primary orassociate editors and editorial dren's Friend—69 years of joy, help,

ganizations prepared programs and board, and with the production achievement... 69 years of a labor

dinners; and funds were raised to skill of Gladys Daines, managing of love. O

Thorpe B. Isaacson

18981970 Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, 19611965,970

Counselor to the First Presidency, 19651970

First Counselor in the Presiding Bishopric, 19521961

Elder Thorpe B. Isaacson counseled his sons: "If Elder Isaacson was sustained as second counselor

there is any work that has to be left undone, it must in the Presiding Bishopric December 12, 1946; as

not be the work of the Church."This remark charfirst counselor to the Presiding Bishop April 6, 1952;

acterized his devotion to the Church, expressed in as Assistant to the Council of the Twelve September tremendous spiritual and physical energy. For Elder 30, 1961; and set apart and sustained as counselor in

Isaacson, the principles of the gospel were the sources the First Presidency to President David O. McKay,

from which he directed his great enthusiasm in many October 28, 1965. He was released from that position

fields of endeavorin athletics, education, business, when President McKay died in January of this year.

civic affairs, and the work of the Lord. President McKay headed the list of distinguished

Elder Isaacson was born September 6, 1898, in speakers at a public program honoring Elder Isaacson

Ephraim, a little farming cbmmunity in central Utah. at the Snow College auditorium in 1955.

His grandparents accepted the gospel in Europe, and "As I see it,"said President McKay, "Bishop Isaacit was instilled in him by his pioneer parents, Martin son's outstanding success in so many fields springs and Mary Beal Isaacson. from three principal sources. First is his strength of

An outstanding athlete in his youth, he attended character and integrity inherited from his forebears.

Snow Academy (now Snow College) at Ephraim, Second would be his environmenthis early life spent

Brigham Young University, Utah Agricultural College in this country. And third would be what he has

(now Utah State University), and the University of made of himself, his own industry and effort."

California at Berkeley. As a General Authority, Elder Isaacson traveled into

While teaching in Box Elder County, he met Lula many parts of the Church, where his friendly spirit

Maughan Jones, and they were married in the Salt and enthusiasm were well received. His special attenLake Temple June 16, 1920. Following their marriage tion to the program for adult members of the Aaronic

he worked as a teacher, coach, principal, and a faculty Priesthood stimulated efforts in this area on a Churchmember at various schools in Utah and Idaho. He wide scale.

later became a successful life insurance executive, and Elder Isaacson died on November 9, 1970. Funeral

one year was selected as the most outstanding life services were held two days later in the Assembly Hall insurance man in America. on Temple Square.

Elder Isaacson's civic and church service was For Elder Isaacson, death came as a blessing at this greatly diversified. He was chairman of the Church's time, releasing him from the inactivity that ill health

historical sites committee, vicepresident of the board had forced upon him in recent years. But even in his

of trustees of Brigham Young University, vicepresident illness he maintained a keen interest in the affairs of of the Church Board of Education, president of the the Church.

board of trustees of Utah State University, and a Survivors include Sister Isaacson; a daughter, Mrs.

member of the University of Utah board of regents. Royal (Joyce) Tribe; a son, Richard A. Isaacson;

Serving in government appointments, Elder Isaacnine grandchildren, four brothers, and one sister.

son was a special consultant to the U.S. Commissioner Elder Isaacson's great enthusiasm for the gospel of

of Education, consultant in U.S. foreign aid adminisJesus Christ will be missed in contemporary Church

tration, and a member of Utah's Little Hoover Comaffairs. "If there is any work that has to be left undone,

mission. He also served on several business and civic it must not be the work of the Church"may well be

boards of directors. good counsel for all of us. O

Era, December 1970 13 Emma Ray RiggsMcKay 18771970 J Mrs. Emma Ray Riggs McKay, 93, widow of President David O. McKay, passed away Saturday, November 14, 1970, at her Hotel Utah apartment in Salt Lake

City. President McKay died January 18, shortly after

the couple celebrated their sixtyninth wedding anniversary. Geraldine Hurst, the mother of five

Little is publicly known about this remarkable children, is Relief Society president woman who long stood by the President's side as his ofan theelementaryVisalia (California)school teacher.Stake and

"sweetheartwife,"as he called her. She was born in

Salt Lake City June 23, 1877, a daughter of O. H. and

Emma Robbins Riggs. The first one came early in DeShe met David O. McKay, a young man who cember. Buried in a pile of colorful

planned to be a schoolteacher, when he came to Salt advertisements, newsy letters from

Lake City from Huntsville to enroll at the University relatives, and Christmas cards, it of Utah and rented a room at the Riggs home, which was a plain white envelope with was near the university. Their courtship blossomed no return address and had been

while they were at the university, but after David's mailed in our own city. Inside the

graduation in 1897, their plans for marriage were envelope was a full sheet of white postponed when he received a call to serve as a mistypewriting paper with only two sionary in Great Rritain. Meanwhile, Emma Ray words on it: "For Mike."Neatly

completed her university training, graduating in 1898. folded inside was a bill of currency.

They were married January 2, 1901. We received the money with a

Emma Ray served in the auxiliaries of the ChurcJi sort of wondering awe. Along with

in Ogden, raising her family at Ogden, on the McKay many others, we had not yet farm at nearby Huntsville, and later in Salt Lake City. learned how to receive gracefully.

After her husband was called to serve as a member It had been our pleasure to be helpof the Council of the Twelve in 1906, Sister McKay ful to others rather than to need was often left at home to care for their seven children assistance from anyone else. The

(one of whom died in infancy) while he traveled on money was welcome, however.

assignments. Coming as it did in a month when

President McKay once said to their children, "All our expenditures had been extra through the years you have seen how perfectly your high in order to provide a satisfying mother fills the picture. I want to acknowledge to you Christmas for the four children still

and to her, how greatly her loving devotion, inspiraat home, it was very welcome intion, and loyal support have contributed to whatever deed.

success may be ours."Mike was our missionary son.

As the family grew older, Sister McKay was more The money was earmarked for and more at her husband's side. He was called as him, and receive it he would. A

second counselor in the First Presidency at the Octobudget still straining from the purber 1934 semiannual general conference and became chase of everything Mike would

President of the Church April 9, 1951. In the years need for two years could certainly

of his presidency they traveled together to the contiprofit from any aid. Our two

nents of the earth and the islands of the sea. younger sons had already pledged

Sister McKay is survived by four sons, David Lawtheir support, and they faithfully rence, Llewelyn R., Edward R., and Robert R. McKay, paid a share of their earnings toall of Salt Lake City; two daughters, Mrs. Russell H. ward the monthly checks that

(Lou Jean) Rlood, Chicago, and Mrs. Conway A. began their long journey from our

(Emma Rae) Ashton, Salt Lake City; 22 grandchildren home to Argentina. We appreciated

and 25 greatgrandchildren. their helpfulness, but young newsFuneral services were held in the Assembly Hall boys need to save for their own

November 18, under the direction of the First missions, too. So we limited the

Presidency. O amounts of their contributions.

By Geraldine Hurst Anonymous Miracl At first we found ourselves wongreeted us in our daily pursuits, at dering who the generous person church, home, school, and work.

might be. There was the excitement We found that now we met each of

of a mystery about the white envethem with more concern. Our

lope. We all felt quite helpless handshakes were a little firmer;

because we did not know whom to our smiles were warmer; and we

thank. And the air of mystery took no one for granted. One of

heightened as each month a similar these gentle persons had awakened anonymous gift arrived. within each of us a keen sense of

The father of our home soon adappreciation for our fellowmen.

vanced some wise advice. He has In South America Michael was

been a bishop and has known about most grateful for the support that such things happening to others. he received. His every letter maniHe assured us that the donor had fested it. He told his younger

good reason to wish to remain brothers that they could find no anonymous. We could feel certain, better place for their money than

too, that he would be rewarded by to put it to work for the Lord. He

his Father in heaven. Although we who had used his own life savings

could not personally thank the to begin his mission was humbly donor, there were many ways that grateful that we were sustaining we could show our gratitude. him. He who had worked hard at

We realized first of all that this gardening, cleaning, fruit packing, was a wonderful tribute to our famand many other jobs knew that ily. As parents we had felt that we money came by the sweat of the

had an obligation not to misuse brow.

material gains with which we might And because he appreciated the be blessed. This person was telling efforts made by many to accumuus that he approved of our managelate his support, he became a better

ment enough to want to add to that missionary.

material increase. As a result, we Thus it was that in the form of a

felt that we must be even more simple white envelope there came watchful of our earthly stewardship. monthly into our home an increased

We felt a duty to him in addition blessing. By this single act, someto ourselves and our Heavenly one caused all seven of us to be

Father. motivated to live better lives, and

As a result of the strange monthly the lives of those around us were gift, we knew that someone of our influenced by thoughtful kindness, circle of acquaintances had exgratitude, and love. In fact, people

pressed his love for our son and by on two continents felt the impact so doing had touched our hearts. of this loving gift. We hope that

The gifts had even more farreach- the giver realizes what a miracle ing effects. Many dear people he has wrought. O

IBooks from Deseret Book make outstanding gifts that endear and endure

I.JOSEPH SMITH, PROPHET 3. MORMON ESSAYS $3.95

OF THE RESTORATION D. James Cannon

Leon Hartshorn 53.95 Each week for a year, the

In this book the prophet author practiced one of 52 becomes a living human being principles selected from the with which the reader could scriptures. This interesting

easily get the feeling that he book tells of the results of is walking and tal'.ing with this concentrated application

the man. of the gospel of Christ.

2. INSPIRATIONAL TRUTHS 4. SEEK YE EARNESTLY

from the Doctrine & Covenants Joseph Fielding Smith $5.95

Christine H. Robinson $3.95 In his latest book, President

Specific scriptures from the Smith covers a broad spectrum

Doctrine and Covenants are of highly valuable material, each illustrated with a story from Adam's role in bringing from life which illustrates the us to mortality, to present day application of that scripture criticism of the Bible and its in human experience. accuracy. A book every member of the Church should read.

5. GOSPEL DOCTRINE 6. COMBINATION - JESUS

Joseph F. Smith's Writings THE CHRIST and THE

and Sermons ARTICLES OF FAITH NEW BROWN LEATHER James E. Talmage

edition $9.75 Regular Size $13.50

Cloth edition $4.95 Pocket Size 9.75

The book from which the For the first time these two

Melchizedek Priesthood lessons outstanding books are available are taken is now available in in one binding of beautiful both a cloth and leather bound and durable brown leather.

edition. This book contains Standard references for all

advice and counsel on everyreligious scholars.

day practices in right living that are as effective today as 7. HOLY BIBLE

they were when they were BROWN LEATHER first written. (Indexed only) $18.50

8. TRIPLE COMBINATION

Reg. Size, Indexed $12.50

Unindexed 11.50

Pocket Size, Indexed 9.50

Unindexed 8.50

Bound in highly durable and attractive brown leather.

9. FREE - DESERET BOOK 10. OUTSTANDING STORIES

CHRISTMAS CATALOG BY GENERAL AUTHORITIES

Advertising in all Church magCompiled by Leon azines will cease with this Hartshorn $4.95

issue of the Era and so we Everybody likes a good story now express our thanks and and these are some of the best.

extend Christmas Greetings toTrue stories from life that are our many mail order customers. both enjoyable to read and

To keep you aware of new retell to friends or on speaking and continuing Church publiassignments.

this offering cations we are lists 11. MORMONISM IN which catalog NEW, FREE

over 500 books, charts and GERMANY $5.50

genealogical supplies in over Gilbert W. Scharffs

40 pages. A short summary Here is the detailed story of the

describes each item and many LDS Church's early struggle and are illustrated. This catalog consequent success in the land

is yours FREE. Just circle of Wagner, Brahms, and Luther,

number 9 on the order form The story begins in the early below. 1840's and extends through the

Church's survival of two world wars down to today

12. THE CHURCH

ENCOUNTERS ASIA $4.95

The fascinating story of the spiritual growth of the people of Asia which began in 1852.

It relates the problems encountered from then until today and includes the peoples from Korea and Japan on the North to Indonesia and Vietnam on the South.

13. REMEMBERING THE 15 THE MEANING OF TRUTH

McKAYS $2.95 Alvin R. Dyer $4.95

John J Stewart In three sections titled, "The

A reading experience about a Day of the Gentiles,''"The harmonizing marriage that you Meaning of Truth,"and "The will not soon forget. You'll Kingdom of Evil,"Elder Dyer

laugh at their sense of humor, reveals the foreordained plan of feel the warmth of their God and shows how Satan is kindness and courtesy to each now trying to thwart the plan.

other and treasure their sense of values in this highly compatible union. 1fi. SPIRITUAL ROOTS OF

HUMAN RELATIONS $4.95

14. YOUTH AND THE CHURCH Stephen R. Covey

Harold B. Lee $4.95 This book can help youth learn

inner their develop to how examples teacherThis wise uses

It will parents help strength.

in history, life and today,from with to communicate learn how light on to scriptures shedthe this of study youth. The their

principles thatfundamental solve reader help the can book life. An a successful tolead

relations. in human problems

for forwardexcellent book looking young people.

ORDER FROM DESERET BOOK COMPANY

444 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

OR 777 So. Main, Town & Country, Orange, Calif. 92668

Please send me items circled: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16

Total cost of $ This must include 25c handling and postage for the first book and 15c for each additional book ordered in the same shipment. Also include Wi% sales tax from Utah residents ordering

from Salt Lake, or 5% sales tax from California residents ordering from Orange. Paid by:

check, money order, or charge established account.

Salt Lake—Cottonwood Mall Name.

Valley Fair Mall Address. California Orange,

City.State..Zip.

Dec. 1970 Era

iiaSSissi"IssSti JT:

:i'5i. S(:;j

"v...:::::...

"!!:.. "

By Rodger

A. Pool

child. One psychologist has defined nature of rewards, but also upon

Dr. Rodger A. Pool, YMMIA superinthis by stating that "the reward that who gives them.

tendent in the Olympia (Washingis most gratifying to the child is ton) Ward, the U.S. Armyis aandfirstaidede-camplieutenant toin that of love from the adult. When

the commanding general at Madthe child loves the adult, he will igan General Hospital, Tacoma. do anything to please him!"1

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints has always emphasized that it is a parental What about the influence of responsibility to teach children. Repunishment on learning? The

cently, in the face of increasing words of a song say, "Accentuate delinquency and unrest among the positive and eliminate the youth, there has been added emnegative."Hurlock has shown that

phasis on this dimension of parental D Learning takes place best praise is three to four times superior concern. Of increasing importance when the act that is performed is to reproof as an incentive for

to the Latterday Saint parent, rewarded. Rewards may be tangilearning. 2 Several studies have

therefore, are answers to the quesble or intangible. Surprisingly, the demonstrated that having one's

tion, How do children learn? most effective rewards for learning errors pointed out is less effective

What do we know about the way seem to be based upon intangible for learning than having one's cor- a child learns? From psychologists relationships. For children, the rect responses acknowledged.

we have the following observations: most effective rewards for learning It should be noted that the effect

are parental acceptance and apof punishment is in part a function proval. of the attitude of the punisher. If

The question of who gives rethe punisher is motivated by anger wards is important. A reward means and hate, the child will probably

more if it comes from one who is respond in a similar manner. But

wellliked and respected. The most if punishment is administered in a

successful parents seem to be those spirit of love, motivated by the feelwhose children are deeply coning that only through punishment cerned about whether their parents can a child be taught selfcontrol,

A child learns best when he approve of them or not. On the the child may alter his behavior

is motivated to learn. The most other hand, parents who are diswithout resentment.

basic incentives parents can supply agreeable and cross often find that It is important to add that the are acceptance and approval, for the rewards they offer are not alternative to punishment is not the motives for most human learnsought because they are associated indifference or submission to the ing reside in the interpersonal rewith unpleasantness. Thus learnchild. Firmness is not synonymous

lationship between parent and ing depends not only upon the with punishment. By definition,

punishment hurts, but firmness that those around him will have to child health and development.

need not hurt. It is the parent's exhibit the desired behavior. Or the Some adjusted well. Others were

obligation to lead, direct, influence, child may need to be helped in very upset. The psychologist fiand persuade along desirable paths; forming a different concept of himnally concluded that "a child's level

and the effective parent is one who self. It is only through the opporof adjustment depends little upon

is determined, persistent, and astunity to practice new ways of the extrinsic features of the day, sertive, if need be, without being behaving that change in behavior and little even upon his health. It

domineering or authoritarian. can be effected. depends much more upon the

wholesomeness of his upbringing in the home, and the security and confidence and affection given him by his parents. A secure and wholesomely loved child goes forth to

meet new experiences in a spirit of adventure and comes out triumphant in his encounters with new materials, places, and new new Psychologists generally differfacts of agree individual D The friends, young and old. A child

attest, learns best ences, as everythat one parent can what he experithat is oversheltered and underences. While many parents believe must be considered before one can

loved goes forth from home withthat merely to teach a child what determine how a child learns. For

misgivings and doubts, and gives is right is sufficient to determine parents to expect all their children an impression of inadequacy and right behavior, evidence seems to to behave in the same way is to immaturity in his encounter with indicate that knowing what is right expect that which never has been new experiences that make himmay be unrelated to doing what and probably never will be.

unwelcome either in the society ofis right. One group of college

adults or children."4

students, asked to express their "Every moment of a child's lifeattitude toward cheating, overwhelmingly disapproved of it. But that he spends in contact with his

parents has some effect on both hiswhen given an opportunity to cheat present behavior and his potentialiin a situation in which they graded ties for future action."5

their own papers after they had

Thus we see that learning, whichbeen secretly graded, threefourths begins shortly after birth and conof the students cheated by changing their answers. One study of dePersonality development is tinues in varying degrees through

linquency made some years ago primarily a product of learning and infancy, childhood, and into adultindicated that many delinquents is largely formed in infantile experihood, is strongly interconnected had more religious knowledge than ences, especially in the interaction with the basic patterns of person- a similar group of nondelinquents. between mother and child. One ality that are formed during the

Telling the child what to do genpsychologist concludes from his first five or six years of life. This

knowledge places a great responsierally results in a behavioral change studies that "barring starvation, disonly with children who have ease, or actual physical injury, no bility on parents, for personality learned to do as they are told. Unother factor is capable of so influand the learning process are largely

formed through parentchild relafortunately this method often encing the child's development in

O its tionships. its as to relation ineffective every field children withproves FOOTNOTES

Psychoanalysis and 1 G. H. relaof course, to influence the mother."want 3 Andwhom parents Child Education W. theW. (New York: ofJ. Pearson,the

most. Such a child can usually be tionship between father and child Norton2 E. B.andHurlock,Company,"An1954),Evaluationpp. 14850.of Certain

helped to learn new and approved can be equally significant. Another EducationalIncentives UsedPsychology,in SchoolVol.Work,"16 (1925),Journal pp.of

behavior if he is placed in an enpsychologist attempted to trace 14559.3 R. A. Spitz, "The Role of the Ecological

vironment where he will have a some of the factors that may have FactorsChild Development,in Emotional Vol.Development20 (1949),in Infancy,"pp. 145chance to practice different beaccounted for differences in the 55.4 M. M. Shirley, "Children's Adjustment to a

havior. This may mean that the way twoyear-old children reacted Strange(1942), Situation,"pp. 201217.Child Development, Vol. 37

environment of the home will have to being taken for an allday vin,5 R.PatternsR. Sears,of E.ChildE. Maccoby,Rearing (Evanston,and Harry IlliLe-

to be changed. It may mean also visit to a center for research on nois: Row, Peterson, 1957), p. 466.

Era, December 1970 19 r

n the morning of her good for twentyfive, maybe thirty fulness today, Amelia thought to seventieth birthday years."herself. / think Til go see Dora.

Amelia Wallace looked Any other time she would have Dora could be counted on to cominto her mirror and saw an old laughed and patted his hand or miserate with her. Dora always

woman. At first she thought it was kissed him on his remarkably kept her voluminous photograph

just bad lighting that made her smooth cheek. Now, however, she album handy, which made it easy

face look so wrinkled and her hair merely turned away, saying, "I'll to remember when they were young so white. But when she hurried cook your eggs."and pretty.

to the sunny kitchen to reassure While she prepared the food, Dora was glad to see her. "I

herself by a peek in the small mirHarvey briskly washed his hands was just thinking about you, ror by the back door, she found the and set the table for the two of Amelia,"she said, leading her vissame somberfaced elderly person them, all the while talking about itor into the darkened living room.peering back at her. his plans for more apple trees. Usually it annoyed Amelia that I

"Seventy years old,"she whis- "You know Bill at the produce Dora kept her blinds down all the pered. "How did it happen so department of Cullen's store?"he time, but today it fitted her mood.

quickly?"asked. "He told me he'd buy all "I just read in the paper from

She was still standing there, starthe apples I can supply. Says mine home that Arthur Bronson came

ing numbly at her reflection, when are the best apples around. Cusback for a visit,"Dora continued,

her husband, Harvey, burst through tomers ask for them."A note of "and I was remembering when he

the back door. pride crept into his voice. "I figure was our high school English teacher

"How about a bite of breakfast?"if I put in a few more trees, in a and all of us girls had such a crush

he said. "Think 111 trot over to the few years I'll be producing enough on him. It says in the paper that

nursery and pick up a few more to do some special packaging."that was his first teaching assignapple trees this morning. There is Amelia barely listened to his ment, so I guess he just came back

room for three or perhaps four more chatter. How could he think in to see where he got his start."

along the fence."terms of four or five more years? "Oh, I remember him well,"

Harvey and his apple trees! He Didn't he realize that he was now Amelia said, smiling. "We learned

just couldn't seem to accept the seventyfive years old, and by that so much English that year because fact that their small city lot could time he would be nearly eighty? we wanted to please him. He was

not produce the volume of apples Amelia hardly spoke during so handsome."

their farm with its big orchards breakfast, but Harvey had plenty Dora dug into a pile of newshad. to say. Amelia was glad when he papers and pulled one out. "Look

"Harvey,"Amelia said, "it's my finally left for the nursery, saying at him now,"she said.

seventieth birthday."as he went, "I think I'll pick up The picture Amelia looked at was

Harvey's face fell. "Oh, Amelia, half a dozen new rose bushes for of an old man, bent and gray,

I'm sorry. It clean slipped my mind. your garden. That's a better birthwhose only claim to good looks

I didn't even pick up a box of day present than chocolates. You was his still brilliant dark eyes.

chocolates."can enjoy the roses for years."Amelia was depressed.

Amelia was exasperated. "Harvey, She watched him as he strolled "He's changed some, hasn't he?"

I don't care about the chocolates. whistling down the path toward the she said.

Don't you understand? I'm seventy battered pickup truck. He had Dora nodded gloomily. "I could

years old today. Seventy years insisted on keeping the truck when have cried when I saw his picture.

old."they sold the farm. His step was I like to remember him as young

Harvey blinked, uncomprehendspry and his lanky body was still and romantic as he was when all ing. "Well,"he said, "seventy usualwiry and straight, a denial of the the girls in our class thought they

ly comes after sixtynine, doesn't rheumatism she knew occasionally were in love with him. Wait just

it?"afflicted him. He was old too, but a minute. I'll find our graduation

"Harvey,"Amelia said softly, she wondered if he ever thought picture. He was in that, since he

"I'm old."about it. was our class adviser."

Hajvey came close to her and I just can't stand all that cheerDora flipped the pages of her looked into her face. "You don't Lael J. Littke, a Sunday School teacher in the East Pasadena (California)

look old to me,"he said. His blue Ward, is a housewife and mother whose stories have recently appeared in

eyes twinkled. "I'd say you're still Ladies'Home Journal and other national magazines.

photograph album until she came to the picture she wanted of the twentythree-member senior class of Melton High School. "Look at

all of us. We were all so young."

Amelia looked closely at the handsome face of the young teacher and then at the other young faces, some smiling, some sober. Her own

was dreamy, a faraway look in her eyes and a small smile on her lips.

She tried, for a moment, to recapFiction ture the thoughts of that eighteenyear-old girl of more than fifty years before, but the girl was like a different person, and the seventyyear- old woman she had become could not remember. She had probably Matter ofPi been building air castles around

her handsome young teacher, Amelia thought, feeling slightlyDirection superior to the silly young girl she

By Lael J. Littke had been.

Her eyes searched the group of faces for Dora's and she found her standing next to Bill Knowlton, who was to become her husband in a few years. Dora's and Bill's

faces were solemn.

"Can you remember what you were thinking that day?"Amelia

asked suddenly.

Dora, bent over the album, nodded. "Bill and I had been talking about how the best days of our

lives were over now that we were graduating from high school."

Amelia laughed a little. "Funny

that you should think that when there was so much to come."

Dora nodded. "But it's all over

now."She dug a handkerchief

from her apron pocket and wiped her eyes. Dora would always find

something to cry about. "Oh,

Amelia, I wish we could go back to the time when our children were young. Or when they were growing up and doing so many things.

Those were the best times, weren't they?"Amelia thought back over her vast expanse of years. It would be

dan D D Era, December 1970 21 hard to pick the best time. "There denly wanted to go home. "I guess east corner and plant the climbers

were good times all along the way,"I'd better go along, Dora,"she said. all around it. In a couple of years

t t, 4vshe said. "Even when there was "Harvey will be home soon, and you'll be able to sit in there all surtoo much work and too little he'll wonder where I am."rounded by roses."

money."Yes, even those had been Dora walked with her to the lawn There he went again, thinking in

good years. It was fun to rememgate. "Bill will be sorry he missed terms of the future years.

ber them, but Amelia was not at you,"she said. "He gets so lonely. "That will be nice, Harvey."She

all sure she would care to go back He went out for a walk this mornwatched him lifting rose bushes and relive them. When they were ing. Just can't seem to find anything and apple striplings from the back

going through them they had alto do. Just sits around wishing he of the truck. "Harvey, do you ever

ways been thinking ahead to when could work like he used to."She think about when we were young?

life would be better and easier, so waved as Amelia started down the All the things we were going to do what would be the purpose in going street. "Come again soon."then?"

back? Amelia arrived home ahead of "Not very often,"he said, grab-

"Dora,"she said, "did you know Harvey. She could hardly wait to bing his wheelbarrow and loading

it's my seventieth birthday today?"hear his cheery whistle. What was it full of plants. "Too busy thinking

"Oh, no,"Dora said, as if someit about him that seemed so young about all the things I'm going to do one had just told her the roof had when Dora and Bill—and even she now."Gripping the handles of the

fallen in. "That means I'll be sev-—seemed so old? Was it just his wheelbarrow, Harvey pushed it off

enty next month."She shook her cheerfulness? Why was he so toward his small orchard.

head and then echoed Amelia's own cheerful? There it was. That was the difearlier thoughts. "Oh, Amelia, how When she heard the chug of his ference. Harvey was facing fordid we get there so fast? Seems pickup truck, she went out to greet ward, finding things to do now and

like just yesterday that we graduhim. things to look forward to doing,

ated from high school."She "Got you some roses you'll really while Dora and Bill and she, this

hunched over the photograph allike,"Harvey called as the truck very day, looked backward to the bum again. "Look at us all there. came to a shuddering stop. "Climbpast, to the things already done. It

Thinking we would do something ing ones."He opened the squeaky was the thinking ahead that had

great in the world."She sighed. door and got out. "Remember, made life interesting when they

"Guess none of us ever amounted Amelia, how you always wanted a were young. Maybe a big part of

to much. And now it's too late."rose bower? Well, I'm going to feeling old or young was a matter

Amelia straightened. "Dora, how build a frame there in the southof direction, of which way you

can you say we never amounted to faced.

much? Maybe none of us ever got She smiled as she listened to Harour names on the front pages of the vey's whistling. She felt like whisnewspapers, but we've lived good tling herself. There were still quite

lives, raised good families. And a few things she planned to do. The

look at what our children are doing first of them was to plant those rose—your Bill, Jr., making a name for bushes so she could look forward

himself, and my David, and all the to sitting in her bower, completely others doing so well. I like to take surrounded by roses.

a little credit for starting them out "So what's wrong with being on the paths they took, even if all seventy?"Amelia said aloud. Grasp-

I did was fill them full of love and ing the sideview mirror of the homemade bread. Then look at truck, she adjusted it so she could

Arthur Bronson and all the lives he look at the reflection, which smiled influenced in the years he taught."back at her. The hair, though

And as far as its being too late, white, was soft and shining and the

Amelia thought, Harvey was still eyes twinkled merrily in the glowworking away at his orchard and ing face.

gaining a little modest fame as a Why, I don't look seventy at all, producer of fine apples. Amelia thought. Gracious no. I

Thinking of Harvey, she sudcould pass for sixtyfive any day. O

22 Era, December 1970 iThe Principles Strength of iof Great Perfection if Mm Possessions by PfiiiiiaiNi by Hyrum L. Andrus Sterling W. Sill

SILL STERLINGW

Second in a unique 4-volume series on the whole Strong motivational reading. A challenge to conrange of Joseph Smith's teachings. Explore the stantly increase man's productiveness in life.

higher reaches of gospel living.

$K95 $095 5 3

BOOKCRAFT 1848 West 2300 South / P.O. Box 268 / Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 1270

B00KCRAFT Please send the following book(s) for which I enclose check or money order in the amount Of $ (Residents of Utah add 4 ]/2% sales tax.)

Principles of Perfection The Strength of Great Possessions

NAME ADDRESS CITY; STATE ZIPLLi U u/rcnS6: chrisc m

Mary lifted her eyes to the radiance filling

The little stable, as though all heaven and earth

Were glad for her small son, the stars spilling

Their glory to announce Messiah's birth.

Thus had the angel Gabriel, she thought,

SSo thrilled her being ivith the word he brought:

"That... born of thee shall be.,.. the Son of God.

Call his name Jesus, Mary. Fear not."

Now he was here, her firstborn. With great love

She wrapped him in soft swaddling clothes. He lay

Warm and snug in the manger. And lo, above

Their restless flocks the shepherds heard an angel say:

"... unto you is born... a Saviour... Christ the Lord/'

And a multitude of the heavenly host were heard,

Praising God in song, in holy hymn.

The shepherds hurried unto Bethlehem.

And so it was that wise men from afar

Came, bearing gifts of frankincense and myrrh and gold.

Long had they journeyed, following the star,

Asking, "And where is he... born King of the Jews?"

Behold, they too were led to quiet Bethlehem

And found the Christ and knelt and worshiped him.

And Mary pondered in her heart all these things,

And sang to Jesus—Son of God, Savior, King of kings.

A DIRTY EXHAUST DOES MORE THAN DUTY THE AIR.

Conoco's new

supercleaning additive Itcan waste enoughjudis now in all 4 gasolines.

They help keep an engine'sbreathing system (carburetor, torun a secondengine.

valves, PCV control) clean. (Look at this remarkable demonstration)

Fuel waste is reduced.

Your engine breathes easier...you will, too.

What does a dirty exhaust mean?

That your engine is building up deposits that can throw your airto-gasoline mixture out of whack.

Your engine's dirty so it takes in more gasoline than it can burn.

This unburned fuel goes into the air as dirty exhaust. few. *< toEnoughrun a wastedsecond fuelengine.in this exhaust

How does cleanerair additive help? The engine in the car on the right was purThe new additive is a supercleaner posely adjusted. It's running at a fast idle. The

that helps keep carburetor, valves, carburetor's set for a rich fuel mixture. Its exis fuel. dirty with wasted wasted haust So much; helps control cleanPCV emission

it actually fuel engine runs that the second buildup; deposit engineprevent

(left). (inset) just alone, exhaust on 2750 rpm airto-fuel mixture; balancehelps

line. lot fuel That's of mileage going a no up

fuel. thatreduces unburned And in dirty exhaust.

means a cleaner exhaust.

Can it actually improve mileage?

Yes. These new Conoco gasolines

can reduce fuel waste. You burn

less gasoline, and you get more miles, more ride for your money. NewConoco

Will Conoco cost more?

Not a penny more. You pay the

same price you've always paid for gasolines helpget backConoco gasolines.

Is the additive in all 4 gasolines?

All 4 Conoco gasolines: Premium,Super, Regular, and Conotane some mileage wasted

now contain cleanerair additives.

inyour exhaust.

Now, more than ever CONOCO...more ride for your money.

Hottest WW Brand Going. 1970 Continental Oil Company

Addresses delivered at the 140th Semiannual General Conference ofThe Church ofJesus Christ o) cLatter'= day Saints

The Oath andCovenant ofthe

My dear brethren of the priesthood: ing their calling, are sanctified by the Men agree to keep the commandments

I welcome this opportunity to speak Spirit unto the renewing of their bodies. and the Lord promises to reward them

to the priesthood holders who are "They become the sons of Moses and accordingly. The gospel itself is the

gathered in many places throughout of Aaron and the seed of Abraham, new and everlasting covenant and emthe Church. and the church and kingdom, and the braces all of the agreements, promises,

I desire to call your attention to the elect of God. and rewards which the Lord offers to

oath and covenant of the Melchizedek "And also all they who receive this his people.

Priesthood. I think if we have a clear priesthood receive me, saith the Lord; And so when we receive the Melunderstanding of the covenant we make "For he that receiveth my servants chizedek Priesthood we do so by covewhen we receive offices in the priestreceiveth me; nant. We solemnly promise to receive

hood, and of the promise the Lord gives "And he that receiveth me receiveth the priesthood, to magnify our callings if we magnify our callings, then we my Father; in it, and to live by every word that

shall have a greater incentive to do "And he that receiveth my Father reproceedeth forth from the mouth of all the things we must do to gain ceiveth my Father's kingdom; therefore God. The Lord on his part promises

eternal life. all that my Father hath shall be given us that if we keep the covenant, we

May I say further that everything unto him. shall receive all that the Father hath,

connected with this higher priesthood is "And this is according to the oath which is life eternal. Can any of us

designed and intended to prepare us to and covenant which belongeth to the conceive of a greater or more glorious gain eternal life in the kingdom of priesthood. agreement than this?

God. "Therefore, all those who receive the Sometimes we speak loosely of magIn the revelation on priesthood, given priesthood, receive this oath and covenifying our priesthood, but what the

to Joseph Smith in September 1832, the nant of my Father, which he cannot revelations speak of is magnifying our

Lord says that the Melchizedek Priestbreak, neither can it be moved."callings in the priesthood, as elders,

hood is everlasting; that it administers The penalty for breaking the coveseventies, high priests, patriarchs, and

the gospel, is found in the true church nant and altogether turning therefrom apostles.

in all generations, and holds the keys is then given, together with this comThe priesthood held by man is the of the knowledge of God. He says that mandment: "... beware concerning power and authority of God delegated

it enables the Lord's people to be sancyourselves, to give diligent heed to the to man on earth to act in all things tified, to see the face of God, and to words of eternal life. for the salvation of mankind. Priestenter into the rest of the Lord, "which "For you shall live by every word hood offices or callings are ministerial

rest is the fulness of his glory."(See that proceedeth forth from the mouth assignments to perform specially as-

D&C 84:1724.) of God."(D&C 84:3344.) signed service in the priesthood. And

Then, speaking of both the Aaronic As all of us know, a covenant is a the way to magnify these callings is and Melchizedek priesthoods, the Lord contract and an agreement between to do the work designed to be persays: "For whoso is faithful unto the at least two parties. In the case of formed by those who hold the particuobtaining these two priesthoods of gospel covenants, the parties are the lar office involved.

which I have spoken, and the magnifyLord in heaven and men on earth. It does not matter what office we

General Conference Index

Speakers Prophecy, Teacher Missionaries 69 L. Church Delbert development publications Stapley 64 Heritage 103 87 37 Kimball Spencer 99 Joseph Anderson W. 73 54

31, Era Eldon N. 91 Tanner magazine Commandments 88 New 98 Temptation Restoration Home 46 J. 91 28, Marvin Harold B. 103, 126 69 Lee Ashton 59

Taylor D. covenant Oath and Henry 43 62 teaching Drugs 35 26 Testimony Home 76, Repentance 122 37, 87 H. A. Maxwell William 122 Neal Bennett 92 122

A. Obedience Tuttle Theodore 84 Honesty 92 41 43, Education Thankfulness 82 Resurrection R. Ezra 87, 127 76 Taft Bruce 112 McConkie Benson 46

H. Hypocrisy John 35 Vandenberg 103, 31 92 magazine Ensign 122 Virtue S. Bernard Monson 120 Brockban Thomas 71 99 Selfdiscipline 71, 91

Indians Objectives Exaltation 76 117 66 Victor L. Packer K. 106 P.Brown Boyd 109 Wasted time Seventy 73 84

Individual 120 Expo '70 66 Opportunity 73 E. Petersen Mark Burton Theodore 117 M. 57 Spirit War 122 66 Subjects

Christ Jesus Faith 43 117 35. 112, Jr. Rector, Hartman A. 76 Cullimore Parents James 62 of 60 Word closing 91 wisdom Sunday 103

Joseph 62, 69, 46, Family Smith 64 112 D. Franklin Richards Lorin Priesthood Aaronic C. 82 91, Patriotism 62 Dunn 78 Spiritual values Work 115

Leadership Family evenin 106 59 home g LeGrand Paul Richards H. 69 Dunn 109 Personal achievement 37

Alvin Marion G. Action Life R. Dyer Romney Elder 50 B. Twelve of of the the program 59 Free Brown Council 124 88 NOTE: Hugh agency 95 122

Sterling L. Richard W. Beatitudes Locusts Personal B. Evans 88. Elder 78 Friend Twelve, 124 Isaacson, Assistant involvement the Thorpe 73 59 and to 98 magazine 97

L. Robert Simpson Blessings B. David L. of salvation did not Elders Lost souls Plan speak. Sill 95 Haight EIRay Christianof Israel and Sonne 127 87 Gathering Alma 35 69

Eldred G. D. Marion Smith sen, 41 Dilworth Assistants 117 S. Love Pornography 3 1 115 Book of Mormon! Hanks to the Twelve, Presidents Genealogy and 66!, 10328 57

Gordon B. Hinckley 71, 97 Joseph Fielding Smith 2, Children 62 God 60 Meekness 124 Priesthood 84 Young and Milton R. Hunter of the First Council of the

Howard W. Hunter 115 26, 127 Church presidency 126 Great White God 117 Memory 54 Principles 66 Seventy offered prayers at the conference.

President Joseph

LPy10cHinnnI ICDlllVUl/L Fielding Smith

hold as long as we are true and faithful tion of the Melchizedek Priesthood. that proceedeth forth from the mouth

to our obligations. One office is not To swear with an oath is the most of God.

greater than another, although for adsolemn and binding form of speech It is perfectly clear that there are no ministrative reasons one priesthood known to the human tongue; and it more glorious promises that have or

holder may be called to preside over was this type of language which the could be made than those that came to and direct the labors of another. Father chose to have used in the great us when we accepted the privilege and

My father, President Joseph F. Smith, Messianic prophecy about Christ and assumed the responsibility of holding

said: "There is no office growing out the priesthood. Of him it says: "The the holy priesthood and of standing as

of this priesthood that is or can be Lord hath sworn, and will not repent, ministers of Christ.

greater than the priesthood itself. It is Thou are a priest for ever after the The Aaronic Priesthood is a preparafrom the priesthood that the office deorder of Melchizedek."(Ps. 110:4.) tory priesthood to qualify us to make

rives its authority and power. No office In explaining this Messianic prophthe covenant and receive the oath that

gives authority to the priesthood. No ecy, Paul says that Jesus had "an attends this higher priesthood.

office adds to the power of the priestunchangeable priesthood,"and that It is my prayer that all of us who hood. But all offices in the Church through it came "the power of an endhave been called to represent the Lord

derive their power, their virtue, their less life."(See Heb. 7:24, 16.) Joseph and hold his authority may remember

authority, from the priesthood."Smith said that "all those who are orwho we are and act accordingly.

We are called upon to magnify our dained unto this priesthood are made May I conclude by saying how gratecallings in the priesthood and to do the like unto the Son of God, abiding a ful I am that I hold the holy priestwork which goes with the office we priest continually,"that is, if they are hood. I have sought all my days to

receive. And so the Lord says, in the faithful and true. magnify my calling in that priesthood

revelation on priesthood: "Therefore, And so Christ is the great prototype and hope to endure to the end in this

let every man stand in his own office, where priesthood is concerned, as he is life and to enjoy the fellowship of the and labor in his own calling;... that with reference to baptism and all other faithful saints in the life to come.

the system may be kept perfect."(D&C things. And so, even as the Father I bear my testimony that we do in

84:10910.) swears with an oath that his Son shall fact have the holy priesthood, that it

This is one of the great goals toward inherit all things through the priestis God's power, and that through it we which we are working in the priesthood hood, so he swears with an oath that may inherit the fullness of our Father's program of the Church, to have elders all of us who magnify our callings in kingdom hereafter, in the name of do the work of elders, seventies the that same priesthood shall receive all Jesus Christ. Amen. O

work of seventies, high priests the work that the Father hath.

of high priests, and so on, so that all This is the promise of exaltation ofpriesthood holders may magnify their fered to every man who holds the own callings and reap the rich blessMelchizedek Priesthood, but it is a conings promised from such a course. ditional promise, a promise conditioned Address delivered

Now may I say a few words about upon our magnifying our callings in at general priesthood session the oath which accompanies the recepthe priesthood and living by every word Saturday, October 3, 1970

Era, December 1970 27 3s;< Address delivered Sunday morning, October 4, 1970

V::: M:

Time to Prepare toMeet God r

This morning in my remarks I dethe astronauts, were better qualified in ages past. In the very beginning of

sire to direct your attention to some to find the essential solutions. The dethis dispensation we were plainly told

principles of vital importance to every cisions of the technicians had to be in a revelation from the Lord that the peace nigh when at hand was could have time or perfect the Aquarius soul, an incident by relatinghuman the and the earth from be taken of miles. would earth by thousands missed the will be everyone almostwith which

familiar, which may serve as someThis dramatic event is somewhat devil would have power over his own thing of an introduction to what I analogous to these troublous times in dominion. (See D&G 1:35.) The

would say to you in this great conwhich we live. The headlines in the prophets of our day also foretold that

ference, on this the Lord's day, in this public press only this week made anthere should be wars and rumors of historic Tabernacle, which has been other startling announcement by a wars, and "the whole earth shall be in the forum for some of the greatest presidential commission to the Presicommotion, and men's hearts shall fail discourses given in our generation. dent of the United States. "U.S. Society them, and they shall say that Christ

of until the his end coming frightened are Is in Peril."when delayeth I Many seek realization, by this Humbled

shall of the love the earth. men And of unbelievable hear see and in they that be I mightfor divine guidance,

cold, and iniquity shall abound."the world with the spirit of this wonhappeningsharmony

45:2627.) over—politicaleverywax(D&C contention intrigues, wars andderful occasion.

disciples asked the the Masof parents, frustrations When endeavtext introduce I want to use, where, my To signs as to crucifixion, ter, to his prior oring to social problems cope with illustration, wellrememberedas a an incident to which other speakers at that threaten to break down the sancthat should immediately precede his this conference have already made tity of the home, the frustrations of coming again to the earth, as he forereference. children and youth as they face chaltold, he answered by saying that "in

Some months ago, millions of watchlenges to their faith and their morals. those days, shall be great tribulations

ers and listeners over the world waited Only if you are willing to listen and on the Jews, and upon the inhabitants

Jerusalem; the of astronauts precaridid the on obey, as the anxiouslybreathlessly and

"... and except those days should be houseall your and 13. can you whole Aquarius, Apolloous flight of The

world, it seemed, prayed for one signifiholds be guided to ultimate safety and shortened, there should none of their cant result: the safe return to earth of security in the Lord's own way. flesh be saved.

three brave men. There are, in these troubled times, "But for the elect's sake, according

When one of them with restrained agonizing cries of distress among the to the covenant, those days shall be anxiety announced the startling inforpeoples of the earth. There are intense shortened.

mation, "We have had an explosion!"reelings of a need for some way to find "For nation shall rise against nathe mission control in Houston imme- a solution to overwhelming problems tion, and kingdom against kingdom;

diately mobilized all the technically and to ease this distress from all that there shall be famine and pestilences, trained scientists who had, over the affects mankind. and earthquakes in divers places."(Inyears, planned every conceivable detail To one who is acquainted with and spired Version, Matt. 24:1820, 30; see

pertaining to that flight. well versed in the prophetic teachings also Joseph Smith 1:1820, 29.)

The safety of those three now deof the past generations, there should The Master undoubtedly spoke of pended on two -vital qualifications: on be little question as to the meaning of times such as these when he foretold

the reliability of the skills and the all that is going on among us today, that a man would be "at variance knowledge of those technicians in the when it seems as though everything is against his father, and the daughter mission control center at Houston, and in turmoil. against her mother, and the daughter

upon the implicit obedience of the men Prophecy may well be defined as in law against her mother in law.

in the Aquarius to every instruction history in reverse. Before our very eyes "And a man's foes shall be they of

from the technicians, who, because of we are witnessing the fulfillment of his own household."(Matt. 10:3536.)

their understanding of the problems of prophecies made by inspired prophets With all of this in mind, one may

ask: To whom may those in distress All the organized intelligences beposes, there must be opposites, an

and in great anxiety look for the anfore the earth was formed, who had enticement by the good on the one swer and for "refuge from this storm"'become spirits, were there, including hand and by the evil on the other, or raging all about them? many great and noble ones whose perto say it in the language of the scripAlmighty God, through his Son, our formance and conduct in that premortures, "... the forbidden fruit in

Lord, has pointed the way and has tal sphere qualified them to become opposition to the tree of life; the one

given to all mankind a sure guide to rulers and leaders in carrying out this being sweet and the other being bitter."

safety, when he declared that the Lord eternal plan. This father further explained, "Whereshall have power over his saints and The apostle Paul in his writings to fore, the Lord God gave unto man that

would reign in their midst, when his the Corinthians taught that "there be he should act for himself. Wherefore,

mighty judgments would descend upon gods many, and lords many,"and then man could not act for himself save it the world. (SeeD&C 1:36.) he added, "But to us there is but one should be that he was enticed by the

He said to all men: "Watch thereGod, the Father, of whom are all one or the other."(2 Ne. 2:1516.)

fore: for ye know not what hour your things, and we in him; and one Lord The second distinctive principle in

Lord doth come. Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, this divine plan involved the necessity

"Therefore be ye also ready: for in and we by him."(1 Cor. 8:5-6. Italics of providing a savior by whose atonesuch an hour as ye think not the Son added.) ment the most favored Son of God beof Man cometh."(Matt. 24:42, 44.) I would have you note particularly came our Savior, as a "Lamb slain

He has counseled that his "disciples the use of the preposition "of,"in reffrom the foundation of the world"shall stand in holy places, and shall erence to the Father, and the preposi- (Rev. 13:8), as revealed to John on the

not be moved; but among the wicked, tion "by,"in reference to our Lord, Isle of Patmos. Another prophetteacher

men shall lift up their voices and curse Jesus Christ. In this statement is explained that the mission of the Son

God and die."(D&C 45:32.) clearly defined the role of each, the of God was to "make intercession for

From the incident of the Apollo 13 Lord to do the bidding of the Father, all the children of men; and they that

as I have related, and having in mind in the execution of the whole plan of believe in him shall be saved."(2

the promises of the Lord to which I salvation for all mankind. (See Abr. Ne. 2:9.)

have made. reference, I will now, in a 4.) We hear much from some of limited

few moments, undertake to outline Understanding this principle in the understanding about the possibility of briefly the wondrously conceived plan plan of the government of God, we are one's being saved by grace alone. But it

upon obedience to which the salvation given a glimpse of the council meeting requires the explanation of another of every soul depends in his journey of Gods, as briefly recorded in revelaprophet to understand the true doctrine throughtiny—a returnmortalityto thatto hisGodultimatewho gavedestionsUnderto ancientthe Father'sprophets.instruction and ofingfulgracewords:as he explained in these meanhim life. This is that way by which by Jehovah's direction, the earth and "For,"said this prophet, "we labor

the Lord will keep his promise "to have all pertaining thereto was organized diligently to write, to persuade our power over his saints and to reign in and formed. They "ordered,"they children, and also our brethren, to betheir midst.""watched over"and "prepared"the lieve in Christ, and to be reconciled to

This plan is identified by name, and earth. They took "counsel among themGod; for we know that it is by grace

the overarching purpose is clearly set selves"as to the bringing of all manthat we are saved, after all we can do."

forth in an announcement to the ner of life to the earth and all things, (2 Ne. 25:23.) Truly we are redeemed

Church in the beginning of this gospel including man, and prepared it for the by the atoning blood of the Savior of dispensation. carrying out of the plan, which we the world, but only after each has done

More than a century ago the Lord could well liken to a blueprint, by all he can to work out his own saldeclared: which the children of God could be vation.

"And even so I have sent mine evertutored and trained in all that was The third great distinctive principle lasting covenant into the world, to be necessary for the divine purpose of in the plan of salvation was the provi- a light to the world, and to be a bringing to pass, "to the glory of God,"sion that "all mankind may be saved, standard for my people, and for the the opportunity of every soul to gain by obedience to the laws and ordinances

Gentiles to seek to it, and to be a "immortality and eternal life."Eternal of the Gospel."(Article of Faith 3.)

messenger before my face to prepare life means to have everlasting life in These fundamental laws and ordithe way before me."(D&C 45:9.) that celestial sphere where God and nances by which salvation comes are

This plan, then, was to be as a coveChrist dwell, by doing all things we clearly set forth:

nant, which implied a contract to be are commanded. (See Abr. 3:25.) First, faith in the Lord Jesus Christ.

participated in by more than one perThe plan embodied three distinctive Second, repentance from sin, meanson. It was to be a standard for the principles: ing the turning away from the sins of

Lord's elect and for all the world to First, the privilege to be given to disobedience to God's laws and never benefit by it. Its purpose was to serve every soul to choose for himself "libreturning again thereto. The Lord

the needs of all men and to prepare erty and eternal life"through obedispoke plainly on this point. Said he:

the world for the second coming of ence to the laws of God, or "captivity ",.. go your ways and sin no more;

the Lord. and death"as to spiritual things bebut unto that soul who sinneth [meanThe participants in the formulation cause of disobedience. (See 2 Ne. 2:27.) ing, of course, returning again to the

of this plan in the premortal world Next to life itself, free agency is sins from which he has repented] shall were all the spirit children of our God's greatest gift to mankind, providthe former sins return, saith the Lord

Heavenly Father. Our oldest scriptures, ing thereby the greatest opportunity your God."(D&C 82:7.)

from the writings of the ancient for the children of God to advance in Third, baptism by water and of the prophets Abraham and Jeremiah, afthis second estate of mortality. A Spirit, by which ordinances only, as

firm also that God, or Eloheim, was prophetleader on this continent exthe Master taught Nicodemus, could there; his Firstborn Son, Jehovah, plained this to his son as recorded in one see or enter into the kingdom of

Abraham, Jeremiah, and many others an ancient scripture: that to bring God. (See John 3:4-5.)

of great stature were there. about these, the Lord's eternal purThis same teaching was forcibly

Era, December 1970 29 impressed by the resurrected Savior to Or will we be like those foolhardy cornerstone (Eph. 2:20), by which only

the saints on this continent, in what it ones on the river above the Niagara can peace come, not as the world appears likely was his final message Falls who were approaching the dangiveth, but as only the Lord can give to his disciples. The Master taught gerous rapids? Despite warnings of the to those who overcome the things of the

his faithful saints that "no unclean river guards to go toward safety before it world, as did the Master.

thing can enter into his kingdom; was too late, and in complete disregard "Neither is there salvation in any

therefore nothing entereth into his rest of the warnings, they laughed, they other: for there is none other name

save it be those who have washed their danced, they drank, they mocked, and under heaven given among men, wheregarments in my blood, because of their they perished. by we must be saved."(Acts 4:12.)

faith, and the repentance of all their So would have been the fate of the To all of this I bear my sincere witsins, and their faithfulness unto the three astronauts on the Aquarius if ness in the name of our Lord Jesus end. they had refused to give heed to the Christ.

"Now this is the commandment: minutest instruction from Houston In a recent meeting I listened to a

Repent, all ye ends of the earth, and Control. Their very lives depended young girl's heartwarming testimony.

come unto me and be baptized in my upon obedience to the basic laws which Her father was afflicted with what the name, that ye may be sanctified by the govern and control the forces of the doctors had pronounced was an incurreception of the Holy Ghost, that ye universe. able malady. To his wife one morning,

may stand spotless before me at the last Jesus wept as he witnessed the world this stricken father, after a night of day. about him in his day which had seempain and suffering, had said with great

"Verily, verily, I say unto you, this ingly gone mad, and continually reeling, "I am so thankful today."

is my gospel...."(3 Ne. 27:1921.) mocked his pleading that they come "For what?"she asked. He replied,

If the children of the Lord, which unto him along "the strait and narrow "For God's giving me the privilege of includes all who are upon this earth, way,"so plainly marked out in God's one more day with you."

regardless of nationality, color, or eternal plan of salvation. Today I could desire with all my

creed, will heed the call of the true O that we could hear again his heart that all within the sound of this messenger of the gospel of Jesus Christ, pleadings today as he then cried out: broadcast would likewise thank God

as did the three astronauts on the "O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that for one more day! For what? For the

Aquarius to the trained technicians at killest the prophets, and stonest them opportunity to take care of some unMission Control in the hour of their which are sent unto thee, how often finished business. To repent; to right

peril, each may in time see the Lord would I have gathered thy children some wrongs; to influence for good

and know that he is, as the Lord has together, even as a hen gathereth her some wayward child; to reach out to

promised, then their calling and elecchickens under her wings, and ye someone who cries for help—in short,

tion will be made sure. They will would not!"(Matt. 23:37.) to thank God for one more day to pre-

"become the sons of Moses and of O that the world would see in anpare to meet God.

Aaron, and the seed of Abraham,... other parable to John the Revelator the Don't try to live too many days

and the elect of God."(D&C 84:34.) sacred figure of the Master calling to ahead. Seek for strength to attend to

This promise of the glory which us today as he did to those of Jeruthe problems of today. In his Sermon

awaits those who are faithful to the salem: on the Mount, the Master admonished:

end was plainly portrayed in the MasSaid the Master, "Behold, I stand at "Take therefore no thought of the ter's parable of the Prodigal Son. To the door, and knock: if any man hear morrow: for the morrow shall take

the son who was faithful and did not my voice, and open the door, I will thought for the things of itself. Suffisquander his birthright, the father, come in to him, and will sup with him, cient unto the day is the evil thereof."

who in the Master's lesson would be and he with me. (Matt. 6:34.)

our Father and our God, promised "To him that overcometh will I grant Do all that you can do and leave this faithful son: "Son, thou art ever to sit with me in my throne, even as the rest to God, the Father of us all.

with me, and all that I have is thine."I also overcame, and am set down with It is not enough to say I will do my

(Luke 15:31.) my Father in his throne."(Rev. best, but rather, I will do everything

In a revelation through a modern 3:2021.) which is within my power; I will do

prophet, the Lord promises to the Here, then, is the plan of salvation all that is necessary.

faithful and obedient today: "... all as taught by the true church, which is In a plaque on the walls of the Radio

that mv Father hath shall be given founded upon apostles and prophets, City Music Hall in New York City are unto him."(D&C 84:38.) with Christ, the Lord, as the chief these profound words of wisdom:

"Man's ultimate destiny depends, not upon whether he can learn new lessons, or make new discoveries, and conquests, but upon his acceptance of the lessons taught."My prayer is that the message of those words of wisdom may be translated into a determination on the part of all of us listening here this day, to the end that our eyes will be so single to God, that our whole bodies shall be so filled with light, that there shall be no darkness in us, to the end that we may be able to comprehend all things. (See D&C 88:67.)

God grant that it might be so, I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

Amen. O

This great audience assembled here we are not. The gospel of Jesus Christ I say, ye have no promise."(D&C

in this historic Tabernacle is an inspirtells us how we should live. Let us 82:10.)

ing sight indeed. I wish to welcome refer to some of its great truths. And he gave us this glorious promise:

you and all those who are listening in The Lord has said: "... this is my "All saints who... [walk] in obedithis morning, and invite you to particiwork and my glory—to bring to pass ence to the commandments, shall repate with us in our discussions. It is the immortality and eternal life of ceive health in their navel and marrow

our purpose to disseminate the teachman."(Moses 1:39.) to their bones;

ings of the gospel of Jesus Christ, and "I am the resurrection, and the life: "And shall find wisdom and great

by so doing to strengthen the faith and he that believeth in me, though he treasures of knowledge, even hidden testimony of all who will believe on were dead, yet shall he live: treasures;

his name, for his is the only name "And whosoever liveth and believeth "And shall run and not be weary, under heaven whereby we may be in me shall never die."(John 11:25and shall walk and not faint.

saved, and following his teachings is 26.) "And I, the Lord, give unto them a

the only way for us to enjoy peace on And then in answer to the lawyer promise, that the destroying angel shall earth and eternal life hereafter. who asked, tempting him, "... which is pass by them, as the children of Israel,

Just the other day I was talking to the great commandment in the law?"and not slay them."(D&C 89:1821.)

someone who said, "There goes a man he replied: "Thou shalt love the Lord We are admonished to be true to the

in whom you can place full confidence. thy God with all thy heart, and with faith, and warned against evil and

You always know where he stands. He all thy soul, and with all thy mind. hypocrisy. In fact, the Savior placed

never pretends, but is always sincere "This is the first and great comgreat emphasis on the evils of hypocand just his best self."mandment. risy. He was very severe in his conThe same day, someone, referring to "And the second is like unto it, Thou demnation of those who professed one

another man, said, "Isn't it too bad shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. thing and practiced another. He said:

that you never know just where he "On these two commandments hang "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, stands? You are never sure you can all the law and the prophets."(Matt. hypocrites!... Ye serpents, ye generadepend on what he says. I think the 22:3640.) tion of vipers, how can ye escape the

Lord would have called him a hypoWe are told that "pure religion and damnation of hell?"(Matt. 23:29, 33.

crite."I felt to agree with him. undefiled before God and the Father Italics added.)

It is about hypocrisy that I wish to is this, To visit the fatherless and "Woe,"according to the dictionary, address my remarks today, especially to widows in their affliction, and to keep means miserable or sorrowful state, a the members of The Church of Jesus himself unspotted from the world."condition of deep suffering, misfortune,

Christ of Latterday Saints, wherever (Jas. 1:27.) affliction, grief. "Hypocrite"is one

they may be. We have approximately The Ten Commandments are given who pretends to have beliefs or princithree million members, made up of all to us in very clear language, and needples which he does not have, or to be

kinds of people, ranging from those ing no enlargement, and leaving no what he is not, especially a false aswho are fully dedicated and prepared question. The Sermon on the Mount sumption of an appearance of virtue

to give all that they have in the service leaves no doubt as to Christ's message or religion.

of the Lord and their fellowmen, to to the human race and what our reAs recorded in the Gospels, the Savior those who have not yet been fully consponsibilities are if we wish to enjoy refers to different examples of hypocverted and who do not see the imhis blessings and his Spirit to guide us. risy, and in each case he says: "Woe

portance of living the teachings of We also have our Articles of Faith, unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypoJesus Christ or of being active and which outline the high code by which crites!"

prepared to give service wherever we should govern our lives. I should like to refer to these and

possible. Jesus said: "Not every one that saith other charges of hypocrisy. As I do so,

If we are to enjoy the blessings of unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into we might well look at ourselves to see the Lord and the confidence of the the kingdom of heaven; but he that how these apply to us. As we look at

people with whom we associate, we doeth the will of my Father which is the conditions in the world today, I am must be prepared to live the gospel in heaven."(Matt. 7:21.) sure we will find that hypocrisy and

and to be honestly and actively enIn these, the latter days, he said: the violation of the principles of righgaged in practicing and teaching its "I, the Lord, am bound when ye do teousness and decency have brought

concepts, never pretending to be what what I say; but when ye do not what our national and individual affairs to

Era, December 1970 31 the sorry state in which they are now. nations, and unrelieved burden of the Wisdom strictly, but are most inThe Lord said: "... they bind heavy poor, and the dead men's bones of temperate in our prejudices and conburdens... on men's shoulders; but wholesale wars. Someone has said: demnations of others? Are there any of

they themselves will not move them "Still we try to safeguard ourselves by us who, as businessmen, are meticuwith one of their fingers. calcimining the tomb."lously polite and most regular in church

"But all their works they do for to With all the crime, changing of attendance and yet accept glaring inbe seen of men.... population from rural to urban, loosequalities in the social structure, and

"And love the uppermost rooms at ened morals, pornographic movies and who may be unfair or dishonest in feasts, and the chief seats in the synaliterature, etc., we must stand firm in dealing with our neighbor?

gogues. the cause of right. How can persons Are we truly interested in and con-

"... ye devour widows'houses, and for selfish reasons be hypocrites enough cerned with the wellbeing of our

for a pretence make long prayer: thereto urge the opening or widening of the neighbors? Do we visit the widows and

fore ye shall receive the greater liquor laws when they know that fatherless, and feed, clothe, and comdamnation. where consumption of liquor is greatly fort the poor and needy? The prophet

"... ye pay tithe of mint and anise increased, there is a similar increase in Alma in his day "saw great inequality

and cummin, and have omitted the multitudes of social problems? among the people, some lifting themweightier matters of the law, judgment, How can a newspaper which records selves up with their pride, despising

mercy, and faith: these ought ye to the highway accidents, the deaths, the others, turning their backs upon the

have done, and not to leave the other health problems, and broken homes as needy and the naked and those who undone. a result of drinking advocate making were hungry, and those who were

"Ye blind guides, which strain at a liquor more easily available in order to athirst, and those who were sick and gnat, and swallow a camel. attract more tourists and industry? The afflicted."

"... ye make clean the outside of the cost to communities and individuals far We read: "Now this was a great

cup and of the platter, but within they outweighs any benefits. cause for lamentations among the

are full of extortion and excess. The American Council on Alcohol people, while others were... succor-

"... ye are like unto whited sepulProblems passed a resolution which ing those who stood in need of their

chres, which indeed appear beautiful states: "While we share the concern succor, such as imparting their suboutward, but are within full of dead of a majority of our citizens about the stance to the poor and the needy, feedmen's bones, and of all uncleanness. dangers in the use of marijuana, we are ing the hungry...."(Al. 4:1213.)

"Even so ye also outwardly appear firmly convinced that alcohol remains Recent changes in their structure and righteous unto men, but within ye are the number one drug problem in Amerprogram will now enable our Relief full of hypocrisy and iniquity. ica and that its damage to life, limb Society sisters to devote more of their

"... ye build the tombs of the and the welfare of our people is vastly time and energy to the main purposes

prophets, and garnish the sepulchres greater."for which they were organized

of the righteous, We must be equally concerned about namely, to look after the spiritual, "And say, If we had been in the days the use of drugs that destroy lives and mental, and moral welfare of the of our fathers, we would not have been bring crushing misery, not only to users mothers and daughters in Zion. They

partakers with them in the blood of the but to those around them. But hypocshould be teaching the gospel, preparprophets."(Matt. 23:4-6, 14, 2325, risy in the lives of adults has a serious ing our women of all ages to be better

2730.) influence on our young people who are homemakers, and giving compassionate

We might well ask ourselves if such turning to this form of protest. What service to those in need.

fallacies are present in our own alleged we are trying to say is that the kids The sisters of this great organization

Christianity. In those days, as is so are affected by the hypocrisy of those give thousands of hours weekly in comcommon today, they had brotherhoods who accept the cocktail hour and other passionate service, yet there are still

in which the law was strictly kept, but evil practices and yet get hysterical many who are sick or lonely or in need they ignored those on the outside because the kids have found other ways of comfort who are not reached. We

by regarding all others with contempt to imitate their parents'behavior. The all should be seeking for opportunities

and condemnation, thereby avoiding kids will pay attention only when the to give aid and comfort to the needy the heresy of form but committing the adults set the proper example. among us. We should not neglect this

heresy of the spirit. As great as our responsibility is duty and opportunity in order to engage

How many of us are guilty of keepthrough legislation or other means to ourselves in seeking only after our own ing the letter of the law and forgetting prevent our young citizens from falling selfish worldly pleasures and material the spirit of the law in that we fail to prey to those intent on their becoming gain.

show mercy and faith in our fellowvictims of these evil habits, we cannot Too often we excuse ourselves from men? Do we place more stress on an minimize our responsibility to help religious activity, which includes both

external act to be seen of men than on rehabilitate those who have succumbed. showing love for our neighbors and

a change of heart? The only way to How can we call ourselves Christians regular church attendance, by comcleanse the inside of the cup is to be and say we love our neighbor—who is paring our activities with those ofpure in heart by being humble and anyone in need of help—and fail to others, and by saying we are doing just

turning from our evil ways and by work with others who are endeavoring as much as they, or we are no worse living the gospel of Jesus Christ to the to set up facilities to assist alcoholics, than they. Some say: "I don't go to

best of our ability. We may be able drugusers, or parolees from our prischurch because I don't want to be a

to deceive men, but we cannot deceive ons? Yet there are those who would hypocrite, as he is. I can be religious

God. actually hamper such efforts because without going to church. I can worship

Is there danger that our whole they object to having such facilities in God on the lake or in the mountains, civilization is like whitewashed tombs? their midst. These unfortunate people communing with nature."

We have marvelous machines, towerneed our help. Surely we must be Hear what the Lord has said:

ing buildings, and thousands of signs prepared to be the good Samaritan and "And that thou mayest more fully of what we call progress; but within help wherever possible. keep thyself unspotted from the world,

we have unrest, strife between men and How many of us keep the Word of thou shalt go to the house of prayer

and offer up thy sacraments upon my Harry Emerson Fosdick observed make any real spiritual progress. We

holy day; that there are two kinds of hypocrisy: must not fear, wherever we are, to live

"For verily this is a day appointed when we try to appear better than we up to our convictions and to the unto you to rest from your labors, and are, and when we let ourselves appear standards of the Church. People,

to pay thy devotions unto the Most worse than we are. We have been though they may criticize and ridicule,

High; speaking of the kind of hypocrisy expect us to and respect us if we do.

"Nevertheless thy vows shall be ofwhere people pretend to be more or Living high standards cannot offend fered up in righteousness on all days better than they are. Too often, howconscientious, fairminded people.

and at all times."(D&C 59:9-11.) ever, we see members of the Church Not long ago I was talking to a

We cannot choose which part of the who in their hearts know and believe, father and mother and their little boy gospel we think is true or which part but through fear of public opinion fail who were converts of not many months.

we should live. We cannot compartto stand up and be counted. This kind During our conversation the father said

mentalize our lives. As the Savior said: of hypocrisy is as serious as the other; they had become inactive and were

"... these ought ye to have done, and it makes it difficult for others to not attending church, and I asked them

not to leave the other undone."(Matt. respect us, and often adversely affects why. He explained that the mission23:23.) We must be Christians in very or influences the lives of other memaries were such fine examples of good

deed, and by our lives show our love bers of the Church who expect us to and cleanliving, righteous people; but

for the Lord, our God, and show love stand by our commitments to the when they came to the ward they found for and be interested in one another. Church and not hesitate to manifest so many people who were not living

We, you and I, must put our personal our faith. what the Church teaches, or what they

houses in order. We must not be Only when we are seriously striving professed to be, and as a result they

hypocrites. to live the teachings of Christ can we became discouraged and lost faith in

Era, December 1970 33 THE TROUBLE WITH OUR FOOD RE9ERVE 19 IT..**< NOBODY CAN KEEP

NITED COMMODITIES INTERNATIONAL

L SAMANDY FOOD DIVISION

Don't get us wrong our food can be stored. It's just

that once people try it they love it and use it every day.

That's why we adopted the trade mark of the cornucopia (of cans and containers) pouring out lus cious prepared food.

Take Mrs. Sampson's blueberry cookies (pictured).

Last week she was making some to send to her son who is on a mission. Well, he finally got his share but only

after the rest of the family, including Dad, had con sumed over 100 cookies.

We use the most advanced technogenic cans, coat the inside with enamel and create a stabilized storage atmosphere. Everything possible has been done to insure

that our food could be stored for long periods of time.

However, we also use the finest naturally produced foods and that's why people seem to eat our food rather than store it. The simple facts are these, our food is not

*a—only less expensive to use in daily meals, it is also the

SfeiJj?"best food you can get.

If you want a food reserve to keep, then buy one of ours, but don't try it.

i """iriivL=r- ill UCI MINIMOISTURE FOOD IT. SO GOOD YOU CANT STORE

For Information Write To: UNITED COMMODITIES INTERNATIONAL

BOX 2125, BEAUMONT, CALIFORNIA 92223 the Church. I think this gives us two service rather than heart service, or beby their words. Let us not be guilty,

very important lessons: First, it is our cause of some political power that is as were the scribes and Pharisees of

responsibility to live so that we will brought to bear upon us? old, of increasing the agony of our

influence the lives of people for good We must not be like those to whom Savior by rejecting him and his teachand that we will never cause doubt in John referred when he said: "Nevertheings, which he gave to us, together

their minds because of hypocrisy in less among the chief rulers also many with his life, that we might have hapour own lives. believed on him; but because of the piness here and eternal life hereafter.

The other lesson is that we should Pharisees they did not confess him,... Let us not find ourselves in the condialways guard against letting hypocrisy "For they loved the praise of men tion which he describes as he concludes

in the lives of others influence our lives more than the praise of God."(John his chastisement of the hypocrites:

or cause us to doubt and fail to live 12:4243.) "Behold, your house is left unto you

according to the teachings of the gospel. Imagine the great influence the desolate.

It is most important that we as Church, with its approximately three "For I say unto you, Ye shall not see members of the Church stand firmly million members, could have upon the me henceforth, till ye shall say, Blessed and unitedly in the cause of truth and world if each of us would be what we is he that cometh in the name of the righteousness. We have declared to profess to be; if everyone were a real, Lord."(Matt. 23:3839.)

the world that we have the gospel of truly dedicated Christian, living every I bear testimony that God lives; that

Christ, that we are going to stand day and not pretending; if we were Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the living

against vice. Shall we stand firm, or honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuGod; that the gospel has been restored;

shall we waver and be driven by the ous, doing good to all men, and always and that by living its teachings we will wind and tossed? Shall we forsake the seeking for things virtuous, lovely, or gain eternal life, for which I humbly

cause of righteousness in order to please of good report and praiseworthy. pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

men, because we desire to give lip Let us listen to the prophets and live Amen. O

My dear brothers and sisters: I hope people would be made very happy if Notices are sent to all the wards,

that what I might say will be in keepall the items listed as "lost"could be containing pictures and descriptions of ing with the spirit of this conference. transferred to the "found"list. these young people, with the hope that

Recently I was perusing a newspaper In a very real way there are not only they may be located and persuaded to and observed a column entitled "Lost valuable items lost, but, of far greater return home. We usually hear nothing

and Found."Some of the lost items value, lives that become lost—men and more, and we wonder if these "lost"

seemed particularly valuable, and unwomen and young people whose lives young people are ever found, for we doubtedly those of less monetary value have been caught in the current maze know they "cannot be replaced."

would have sentimental significance to of political economics and social strife We hope that in all cases they "come the"Lost—inowner. Onelocalnoticedepartmentread as follows:store, thatfusion,is neglect,causing apathy,crosscurrentspermissiveness,of contoandthemselves"return home,or as"find"did thethemselvesprodigal

folder containing photos of a little boy and wrongdoing. son who took his inheritance and went

and girl. Cannot be replaced. ReIn our office, we frequently receive to a far country and spent it in riotous

ward."letters from bishops and parents in living.

"Cannot be replaced."It might have various parts of the country asking for And we hope also that when and if

been that the little boy and girl had help in locating a teenager who has they do return, they will receive the grown up and left home, and these left home. These letters tear at our kind of welcome described in the

photos were precious memories of their emotions as we share the feelings of parable Jesus taught. For this father,

childhood. To the owner they are parents in their great concern for the ever praying and ever watching, saw his

priceless. It occurred to me that many welfare of their son or daughter. son from a great way off and had cornEra, December 1970 35

passion, and ran and fell on his neck that reclaiming men from sin and fold. But the good shepherd left the

and kissed him. It is hoped also that darkness was one of the prime purposes ninety and nine who were safe and

those who return are as penitent as of his gospel? went in search of the one that was

was the son when he said to his father, After this lesson, Jesus then stated lost until he found it. This parable

'I have sinned against heaven, and in to his disciples: "Our friend Lazarus shows the great love of the Master for

thy sight, and am no more worthy to sleepeth; but I go, that I may awake all of his children, for Jesus gave it in

be called thy son,"and that parents him out of sleep."The disciples reanswer to the criticism of the Pharisees

are as loving and as forgiving as marked that if the man was sleeping who felt that he should not associate the father who said to his servants, it would be well with him. Jesus made with the publicans and sinners.

"Bring forth the best robe, and put it it plain by saying, "Lazarus is dead."Jesus knew the status of these soon him; and put a ring on his hand, When Jesus arrived on the outskirts called "outcasts."They had come to

and shoes on his feet: of the town, Martha met him, saying, him as he supped. They knew that in

"And bring hither the fatted calf, "Lord, if thou hadst been here, my him they had a friend who would give and kill it, and let us eat, and be brother had not died."And when them courage to live a good life.

merry: Jesus told her, "Thy brother shall rise Someone has said, "Some men die at

"For this my son was dead, and is again,"Martha, understanding the thirty but are not buried until they are alive again; he was lost, and is meaning of the resurrection, answered, seventy,"having observed that when a

found "(Luke 15:2124.) "I know that he shall rise again in the person ceases to grow in knowledge,

I imagine this son was a sorry sight resurrection at the last day."Then ceases to grow in spirit, and fails to

after what he had been through, havJesus said to her, "I am the resurrection, live up to his responsibilities, he ing just left a job as a swineherd, but and the life: he that believeth in me, withers and dies, even though he still

his rather did not treat him like the though he were dead, yet shall he live: walks upon the earth. People bring

vagrant he appeared to be. He put the "And whosoever liveth and believeth this premature death upon themselves

best robe upon him and treated him in me shall never die...."by their own attitudes, as a selflike a prince. Do you suppose this Having asked to be taken to the inflicted punishment for turning away

made any difference in the way the son tomb, Jesus directed that it be opened, from the light of truth. Jesus may have

reacted? Do you believe the statement answering the objection that the body had reference to these, hoping that

of the German dramatist Goethe when had lain in the tomb four days by they might change, when he said: "...

he said: "If you treat a man as he is saying, "Said I not unto thee, that, if he that believeth in me, though he

he will stay as he is, but if you treat thou wouldest believe, thou shouldest were dead, yet shall he live; And whohim as if he were what he ought to be, see the glory of God?"soever liveth and believeth in me

and could be, he will be that bigger The stone was removed, and Jesus, shall never die "(John 11:2526.)

and better man."standing before the open portal, after The Master knows that even men in

From the teachings of the Savior we praying to his Father in heaven, cried, such a dormant status, more dead than know that he was greatly concerned "Lazarus, come forth."(See John 11:3- alive, can be changed, and so he purwith those who were lost. 44.) The dead man heard this voice of sues them in his everloving, everYou will remember the story of command, and Lazarus, restored to life, caring, everforgiving way.

Lazarus, the brother of Mary and came forth. He came forth to life and Just as he organized his church in his

Martha. When Jesus received the meslight—to the light of this world, Jesus day, conferring his authority upon his

sage, "Lord, behold, he whom thou Christ—that light to which all of us brethren, commanding them to pursue

lovest is sick,"he stated, "This sickare entitled. If we walk in that light the salvation of mankind, so has he

ness is not unto death, but for the glory we will not stumble. Without it we in these latter days restored his church

of God, that the Son of God might be will stumble in darkness. and revealed his priesthood and comglorified thereby."A number of years ago a group of missioned those who receive the priestNevertheless, Lazarus died, and Jesus Americans stood on a hilltop in northhood to warn, expound, exhort, teach,

knew he was dead; yet he tarried for ern France looking down on one of the and invite all to come unto Christ.

two days where he was before saying old cities that had been partially deThen, as members do come into his to his apostles, "Let us go into Judea stroyed during the war. As they church, he also commissions his priestagain."Apparently astonished, they watched, they saw the French lamphood to visit the house of each member,

tried to dissuade the Master, saying, lighter begin to light the lamps of the exhorting them to pray vocally and in "... the Jews of late sought to stone city, moving from one to another. Some secret and to attend to all family duties.

thee; and goest thou thither again?"lamps he found easy to light; others For this is the only way to keep his

Then, in his teaching wisdom, Jesus needed to be cleaned or adjusted before kingdom strong. His charge to us is to

answered, "Are there not twelve hours the light came forth. The old lampbe with and strengthen our brethren.

in the day? If any man walk in the lighter moved from one side of the To those who diligently pursue such

day, he stumbleth not, because he seeth street to the other, performing his duty, a course, miracles come to pass, evithe light of this world. and finally his faithfulness was redenced by testimonies that declare:

"But if a man walk in the night, warded as the highway was lighted "He was dead, and is alive again; he

he stumbleth, because there is no light and made safe for the traveler. was lost, and is found."

in him."So does Christ light the way for all So wrote one sister: She, having been

Having taught his disciples that he of us, that we may not stumble in born and raised in another church, was the "light and life"of the world, darkness on the path to eternal life. states that she and her Mormon husis it possible that he was teaching them And so it is our responsibility to light band lived the first years of their

again that, regardless of whatever obthe way for others. marriage without any religious activity.

stacles might present themselves, the Some of these young people about One evening two pleasant fellows apreal purpose of his gospel and of their whom the bishops write may be like peared at their door and introduced mission was to bring light into the lives the sheep that wandered off in ignothemselves as home teachers. With

of those who are in darkness, that they rance, bewildered in the darkness, as little encouragement, they kept coming, might not stumble? Was he saying the rest of the flock returned to the month after month. Then the hus36

band began, for the first time, to read I was attending church ourselves. So now enjoying the true purpose of life

such Church books as he had. we compromised by attending the Morin harmony with the principles and

The sister said that when they moved mon Church and my church on alterteachings of the gospel.

to another town she packed the books nate Sundays. Certainly we do not lack for opporaway where she hoped her husband "Our home teachers had been calltunities to help those who have turned

would never find them again. Sure ing on us for about two years when away and become dormant. Nor do we

enough, the couple again forgot about they asked if the missionaries might need to lack courage in our pursuit as religion until other home teachers arcall. (We had had them in our former we listen to the words of the Lord:

rived at their new home. town, but I had refused to listen to "Verily I say, men should be anxAfter the first visit of these new them.) This time I agreed to hear the iously engaged in a good cause, and do

teachers, her husband searched for his missionaries but failed to make any many things of their own free will, and books until he found them. The sister effort to listen or understand and rebring to pass much righteousness;

states that the one teacher was so fused to read any of the material that "For the power is in them, wherein friendly that they couldn't help liking was given to me. After the fourth call, they are agents unto themselves. And

him, and when he began inviting them the missionaries handed me more inasmuch as men do good they shall in to church affairs, they accepted because pamphlets and suggested that I read nowise lose their reward."(D&C

he seemed to really want them there, fifty more pages in the Book of Mormon 58:2728.)

and they didn't want to disappoint (I had read none of the book yet); then No obstacle can keep a faithful

him. one of them said goodnaturedly, 'Now servant from his blessing as he brings

"Finally,"said the sister, "after callyou can get further behind.'light into the life of his brother or

ing for many months, he asked if he "Suddenly I was ashamed of my sister, for the blessing is this:

could offer a prayer in our home, and attitude and determined to read the "And if it so be that you should labor we didn't know how to refuse. So the entire Book of Mormon before his next all your days... and bring, save it be

first prayer ever offered in our home visit. I carried out this promise, and one soul unto me, how great shall be

was by this home teacher. when the missionaries returned I told your joy with him in the kingdom of

"About this time our teenage son them I wanted to be baptized."As a my Father!"(D&C 18:15.)

began to complain at being sent to result of these efforts by the priesthood In the name of Jesus Christ.

my church while neither his father nor brethren, the family was unified and is Amen. Q

I am grateful this morning, my In the upper part of New England the beauty of fall as it unfolds before brothers and sisters, both seen and we sometimes get snowbound, and us. I love this great country.

unseen, for the message of our great once after a rather heavy storm I folFall also brings the crisp days and

President, for his challenge to us to lowed a snowplow into Saint Johnschilly nightsthat signal the start of return to the fundamentals. I thought, bury. The town had been isolated the football season. Those of you who

if only the world would heed his some eight days. Again, I was lost. In take an active interest in sports, and

words and get down to the things that seeking help I went into a little country know of football's importance in turnmatter most. store, and sitting there on the typical ing boys into men, were saddened J

It reminded me of a little expericracker barrel was another Vermonter. recently as I was in learning of the

ence I had recently in Vermont. I I asked, "Tell me, sir, what do you do passing of that great football coach and

was attempting to find a shortcut to all winter when you get snowbound?"builder of men, Vince Lombardi. Here

the little town of Rutland, and I took He said, "We just sit and think, mostly was a man who came to a lastplace one of those exciting backroad routes sit."team comprised of men who had forand soon became hopelessly lost. I I think that might be a major probgotten what winning was—a team with

came to a fork in the road. I noticed lem in the world: we are sitting rather no spirit, no confidence, and no respect

a farmer standing in the field, so I than thinking and acting.—and in three short years he turned

wound down the window and I asked, I am grateful for the opportunity to them into a team of world champions.

"Say, fella, does it matter which road greet you once again and to bring speBut being a champion once didn't

I take to Rutland?"He said, "It cial greetings from America's birthsatisfy Vince Lombardi. He and his

doesn't matter to me at all."I think place, New England. It is wonderful team went on to win again and again,

sometimes the world has that problem. to see the mountains of the West and game after game, title after title. The

Era, December 1970 37 Green Bay Packers soon became the winningest team in professional football. Here was a man who could be as

mean as a lion, yet gentle as a lamb.

A man who said God and family should come first. A man who taught

that not only physical toughness is Temples and the important, but spiritual and mental

said to all those and a who man who LatterdaySaints toughness are also essential to success, disget problems sometimes have and

IDEAL FOR HOME, thing,couraged,but thatwanting"winningto win isn'tis."every-

a people, I submit to you that we as CLASSROOM, alike, can nonmember and member timely and meaningful some MISSIONARY USE, AND learn great life of that lessons from the

ADVANCEMENT SEMINARS One of the great attributes ofman.the

Church is that we too are building 50c a copy men. I have under my direction in

40c a copy for 25 or more New England some 175 of the finest young men and women anywhere in

Order from The Improvement Era the world. I have great faith and

79 S. State Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 confidence in them and the things they

do. We appreciate you fine parents

who sacrifice so that your sons and daughters can fulfill missions. You are

inblessed. weekly budget. are In private your being turn Takcthc onSave as much as 10% doing them a great service, and you in meetings, in testimony terview and ChandlerCarter "Guide The

Price is the Shopping"for for love express they often you and cost exciting comparison rest families. assured their You may all the that takes confusion TonewhandbookUnit

of shopping. out happy. they are very

simpler could be Nothing parenthetically here just say I might wiser investment. a The

is of only the out of doubtorcost handbook mission of a challenges of the that one it itself for $2.98. pays And

is balance a physical. keep to president.the time savings.

... everyfirst time and inyou shop spiritual the as as well grocery missionaries in

shop. you assistants of I two mental. saw my and

I noticed they return and home, on my thirty pounds off about takenunit prices had, r copies which was needed. The Saints are good

to them in the field. These same two

assistants, in trying to help a little

ChandlerCarte; |- 97pound weakling put on a little

weight, on one occasion approached name him and said, "Elder, it looks like addressyou've been through a famine."And

this sharp little elder came right back and said, "And you two look like you caused it."

Since the days of Joseph Smith, over seven hundred million dollars have U iS-------J been spent by parents to send their children on missions. One mother recently said to me, "I agree with you,

Brother Dunn, that the accent is on the youth, but the stress is still on the

FEATURING parents."

Sister Dunn and I recently visited with a Harvard professor and his wife who had had some contact with the

Church and the missionaries. This

learned man, holder of many degrees, and his charming wife had noted something special in these two young men

ELECTRIC FLOUR MILLS "QUAKER CITY"HAND BREAD MIXER who had borne their testimonies of the

Free descriptive literature on request GRINDER reality of God, the divinity of Christ,

Handling a complete line of dry home storage commodities, with emphasis and of the restoration of the Church write for sprouting seedon this days. in these latter As we spoke, (alfalfa—Mung beans—soybeans—lentils)

lists for of these pricing and for pricings on books commodities said, and professor what is "Mr. Dunn, booklets relating to storagenutrition—survival—cooking—baking that gives these young men such ita

Sterling M. Jiehon & dons, Snc.

525 South 4th West P.O. Box 1296

City, Salt Lake Utah 84110 38 strong conviction? What is this missionary work really doing for people?

What motivates them to give up two years of their lives? Why do you go to

those who are already Christian?

Wouldn't two years of college be of more value?"

To answer these questions, we turn, as do all missionaries, to the scriptures, both ancient and modern. We read,

for example, in Isaiah and Ephesians of the restoration of all things. We

turned to Mark and read the words of

Jesus, "Come ye after me, and I will make you to become fishers of men'(Mark 1:17), and "Go ye into all the

world, and preach the gospel to every creature"(Mark 16:15). Visit the House of Fine Arts, a

progressed, Sister evening As the

I were able to new gallery specializing in to explain and Dunn this couple the very purpose and the selling the works of the finest fruits of missionary work. We told in contemporary IDS artists as

that mission a helps them a youngwell as many old American to find out is. It really man who he

helps him to set patterns, attitudes, masters. Brochures and full

and habits that will carry into his color slides are available on adult life. I just personally believe it request.

is easier to build a boy than to mend a man. We told them that for our young

people a mission is life in miniature;

it's a journey, not a camp. Commissioned LDS Artists We answered their inquiry when we

explained to them the visitation of the Dallas Anderson Fd Humphries

Richard Bird Father the to Robert and the Marshall Son Prophet Dale FletcherProvo Temple Site

Jim Christensen Mick Reber in 1820. Joseph realize Although we Coleman Chase Shepard the great that other good are Michael churches Frederick Denys Dennis Smith

doing in the world, the Lord said, and Ron Eddington Gary Smith

I remind you: "... they teach for Dale Fletcher Trevor Southey

doctrines the commandments of men, Paul Forster having a form of godliness, but they deny the power thereof."(Joseph

Smith 2:19.) Old American Masters

A mission most of all provides the chance for people to accept the gospel Albert Bierstadt C C A. Christensen

and to take upon them the name of Carl Oscar Borg George Ottinger

Christ through faith, repentance, bapMaynard Dixon Jimmy Swinerton

William Hart Thomas Sully tism, gift of the and the Holy Ghost.

J. T. Harwood reason to those areThe go we who

already of a Christian faith is because we believe that the was in Christianity 209 North 400 West still is. We believe that Paul on the Provo, Utah 84601

road to Damascus is no different from Phone (801) 3749690 Dennis SmithKristinaJoseph Smith in the grove—now called

sacred. God speaks today!

About knowledge: We read from ORIGINAL OILS WATER COLORS SCULPTURE PRINTS

Moses that "the glory of God is intelligence."This great educator was much APPRAISING RESTORING FRAMING

impressed with the Mormon philosophyof education that includes the whole Pi man. College and money are important, and I don't want to minimize COX'S DELICIOVS

them, but in making a living don't BUSINESS forget to make a life. The words of the CreamedMoney OPPORTUNITIES

Savior, filled truth with and wisdom, one of the best in the U.S. A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME TO "..sounded again read, as we. what

HAVE A FABULOUS it BUSINESSshall OF if profit a shall man, gain he Specia Holidaythe world, lose whole rehis YOUR investment and No OWN own—

Gift Boxessoul?"8:36.) (Mark mission teaches quired Full A or part time Men——

itO forthat is spirituality Welfare important. mmum or limitation. age No Women Write—I related to this educator and his Storage Purposes

at for details. once Address OPPOR- I 1fine wife acceptance of the how gospel (Write for

P. TUNITY, 0. Salt 2224, BOX Lake Free Brochure) TSj LET05 City, 1 HONEY Utah 84110. P?T YOUR 11 COX HONEY FARMS Its

Era, December 1970 39 Shelley, Idaho 83274 foodslight-weight lowmoisture permapak in cost... deli-... low longlasting

cious! Choice fresh fruits, vegetables and

protein foods with the moisture removed;

flavor vitamins and minerals locked in, ready

Compare consumed. when released be to

and size the number prices, and weight the of servings of permapak foods with those lowour why see You'll our competitors. of

value. food best your are foods moisture

at foods best of the more offers permapak lower prices!

Delicious, lightweight foods in mealpaks, individual packages or emergency kits.

{or 5 months supply for one person)—an

ideal way to start someone you love on a home storage program. TOTAL COST:

$89.95.—Average cost per meal—20C.

Kit contains: (Shipping wt. 231 lbs. FOB SLC)

Fruit Group 1 #10 apple nuggets 145 Vi cup servings 1 # 10 fruit galaxy 100 V5 cup servings 1 #10 prunes, whole pitted 70 Va cup servings

Vegetable Group Total 3 1 5 servings 1 #1 potato granulated 160 Vi cup servings 1 # 1 vegetable stew blend 75 Vi cup servings 1 #10 tomato crystals 80 Vi cup servings 1 # 1 green peas 80 Vi cup servingSj 1 # 10 sliced carrots 93 Vi cup serv. & 40 E. 2430 S.

City Salt Lake "mm Total servings 488

Dairy Group Utah 84115 quarts milk, regular nonfat 3Va per day 5 # 10 (801)4869671 nrProtein Group 1 #10 eggs, whole solids 2 egg servings 2 #10 beans, dry Vi cup servings PERMAPAK

1 vegetable 10 beef # protein 3 oz. servings \uSfr%woovo v 1 flavored vegetable ham #10

protein 3 oz. servings

green splitpeas Vi cup servings 1 #10 P<oV. Total 274 servings

Grain Group

'1 4 # 2 #101 wheat,oats, rolledwhole kernel 42.9 oz. per day 6

1 Vi servings quick cup cooking 20

Vi servings 1 rice, white cup whole gram 93 1 # 3'm 3<0<e * \o 1 Vi servings cup 6 1 macaroni, elbow #10 NSseca:>;>3\ servings, plus Total wheat 274

Supplements 3 # 1 sugar, white, granulated 9. 6 oz. per day

1 #10 salt, iodized.

2 1 1 Vi oz. bacon flavored zips for flavor 9e<

1 24 oz. baking powder

Explanation: This unit provides sufficient *S5te*op o<- \zx

food for a family of 5 which includes (each person) 2 servings of fruit per day; 3 servings

vegetables per day; 2 8-oz. servings milk per

day for parents; 3 8-oz. servings milk per

day for children; 2 servings of protein foods

per day (in addition to the milk); 10 ozs.

of "grain"foods per day.

and the way of life can provide the thank God every day for the elders who bors would join the Church this year.

opportunity for people to change attibrought me the gospel and had the The visit ended. We closed with our

tudes, and thus their lives. patience to teach me. I know the personal testimony and extended an

During the past year I have watched gospel is true for I have lived it; and invitation to this couple to come join

one of society's outcasts, an exconvict, although I'm not what I ought to be, with us. What a spiritual thrill to see

rise from the depths of a prison cell to and I'm not what I'm going to be, I am distinguished, capable, academic giants become a responsible citizen, a worthy not what I was."humble themselves before the Master

Latterday Saint. This man's life was Such are the fruits of missionary and accept his simple gospel teachings.

changed because two of our missionwork. Again the words of the Savior Yes, missionary work is a calling in

aries brought him a message of hope ring through the ages to the convert, which one may find many rewards, for and of salvation. He had thought to the missionaries, to the college protrue joy comes in giving and teaching

because of his past all was lost and fessor, to you, and to me. It was Jesus the gospel of Jesus Christ.

his chance had passed. But these two who said that when we lose ourselves The first prophet of this dispensayoung elders brought him the gospel in the service of others, then, and only tion, Joseph Smith, who lived and died

and a new way of life. then, can we find ourselves and possess a missionary, gave us his summary of

Unfortunately there are some in this true joy and happiness. Gratitude, is the importance of this work when he

world who continue to ignore or inthe memory of the heart, and if a mispenned the following to John Wentvalidate the principle of true repensionary did no more than to help one worth: "Our missionaries are going

tance and say, "Once a thief, always convert like this catch the vision of the forth to different nations, and in Ger- a thief,"or "Leopards don't change gospel, his two years would be well many, Palestine, New Holland, Austheir spots."Need I remind you who spent. tralia, the East Indies, and other

say such things that we don't work with The Lord told us that if we labor places, the Standard of Truth has been leopards; we work with men, and men all our days and bring save it be one erected; no unhallowed hand can stop

change every day. soul to him, great shall be our joy the work from progressing; persecutions

Our missionaries knock on each door with him in the kingdom of our Father. may rage, mobs may combine, armies

knowing and believing that a basic As the evening passed, Sister Dunn may assemble, calumny may defame, premise of this church is that when and I gave this couple from Cambridge but the truth of God will go forth men and women are motivated by the a brief history of the missionary system boldly, nobly, and independent, till it proper spirit, they can and do change of the Church. We told them of the has penetrated every continent, visited

their lives. day when Parley P. Pratt stood in a every clime, swept every country, and

Only a few short years ago President river for six hours, baptizing people sounded in every ear, till the purposes

McKay stood at this very pulpit and one after the other. We told them how of God shall be accomplished, and the

said that the purpose of the gospel was Wilford Woodruff converted 1800 Great Jehovah shall say the work is to make bad men good and good men people in eight months. We reviewed done."(Documentary History of the

better. This same young man whose the proselyting program of the Church Church, vol. 4, p. 540.) To this I

life was once tattered and scarred with from Samuel Smith in 1831 up to testify as I bear my solemn witness to sin sat in our living room just a few 1970, and we noted that close to one the work, in the name of Jesus Christ.

days ago and said, "Brother Dunn, I thousand of their New England neighAmen. O

If you want to get the most out of terials, and we will make an earth who keep their second estate shall have this life—or as a result of this life whereon these may dwell; glory added upon their heads for ever

you need to know first the purpose for "And we will prove them herewith, and ever."(Abr. 3:2426.)

which this earth was created and why to see if they will do all things whatThis is a concise statement of the we are here. soever the Lord their God shall comprimary purpose for this earth.

The Lord revealed to Abraham, in mand them; To "prove them herewith": That

vision, the council of the Gods con- "And they who keep their first estate means to test us, to see if we will do all templating the creation of this earth, shall be added upon; and they who things whatsoever the Lord our God

and God said: keep not their first estate shall not have shall command us.

"We will go down, for there is space glory in the same kingdom with those No wonder the law of obedience is there, and we will take of these mawho keep their first estate; and they called the first law of heaven. In 1

Era, December 1970 41 Scientists and Nutritionists now agree,

Wheat for Man

Samuel 15:22, we read, obedience is This means all the commandments,

better than sacrifice. All the blessincluding tithes and offerings, Sabbath

ings and benefits of sacrifice come as day, sacrament meetings, etc. Then he

a result of obedience. adds the promise of the blessings of

The first law taught to Adam and health, then adds this promise: "And

Eve was the law of obedience. After shall find wisdom and great treasures

they were driven from the Garden of of knowledge, even hidden treasures."

Eden, Adam built an altar and offered (D&C 89:19.)

sacrifice. An angel of the Lord apWhat is a more "hidden treasure"

peared to him and asked why he was than a testimony of the divinity of the offering sacrifice, and he answered, "I gospel of Jesus Christ? This comes as

know not, save the Lord commanded a result of obedience to the laws of just because not have 5:6.) God, me."(Moses good we STORAGE FOR HOME MUST A I converts angel taught why, health. heard the have him many Then INCORPORATES THAT

live similitude to "this learned is a that the they saying thing tell how... Word ECONOMY HEALTH AND

of join sacrifice of to Begotten the the of the Church. Only is Wisdom Good MILL original The new and MAGIC

or inventormanufacturer is available from full a health to join of grace is not requirement the of Father, the which variety offers a representatives and local is. truth."Church. Obedience 5:7.) (Moses and one Each has features: of unequalled

if said that's are the given what wanted, Lord commandments Often stones grinding interdesign Patented if it. the he our then would do without knowing why; industrial motor duty h.p. heavy 1/2 it

is later. step next natural The: If you come want flour reasons of into fine 5 lbs. wheat Grind ir is to of the are often afraid then do Lord wants, too what what you to 4 minutes in 3 1/2 We

that drawer compact for Convenient, to It is pray help. must called blind but obedience not him 1c

flour for bag dusty eliminates need to these habits; or othereasy change is always one needs to God obedience,right—blind mill that be can only stone The ic the of Lord. help said: for After the operwise. praying crank the Lord electrically or with Abraham ated hand To

FULLY GUARANTEED "And in thy seed shall all the nahelp, it becomes much easier.

FOR MORE INFORMATION WRITE: tionsthou ofhasttheobeyedearth bemyblessed;voice."because(Gen. losesTwothe thingstaste ornaturallydesire for follow:the tobacco,One

or habits. other coffee or Also, gets he INC. 22:18.) MILL, MAGIC

of divinity testimony the of the gospel In Deuteronomy the Lord said: a p. o. box no

FILER, IDAHO 83328 "Behold, I set before you this day a of Jesus Christ.

JOHNNIE and BESSIE KUEST, original blessing and a curse; A classic and typical example is

owners, inventors and manufacturers. "A blessing, if ye obey the commandfound in the current September issue

ments of the Lord your God,... of The Instructor. Marion Proctor and

"And a curse, if ye will not obey the his wife, as investigators, had just been commandments...."(Deut. 11:2628.) shocked with the law of the tithe and

"QUICKIE COURSES It ingPaulof declaredJesus Christ,to thetheHebrews,Son of speakGod, the"...WordI hopeof Wisdom.you can appreciate what

"Though he were a Son, yet learned a shock this was, especially to a Scots- 1. How to Invest Profithe obedience by the things which he man. At first we said, 'No, we can't

ably in Real Estate suffered."(Heb. 5:8.) pay ten percent of our income.'The

2. How to Manage Your of IfGod,it wasto necessarylearn obedience,for Jesus,thenthe howSon eldersbe blessedthen bypromisedthe Lordus ifthatwe wewouldwoulddo

Money much more is it necessary for us? so. I thought this over for a couple of

3. Small Business ManThe Prophet Joseph Smith has said: minutes, and told them we would pay

agement in "Thereheavenis beforea law, theirrevocablyfoundationsdecreedof tithing."My wife slept well that night, but

4. How to Buy Stocks this world, upon which all blessings I couldn't sleep. I tossed and turned,

telling are missionthe predicated about thinking my lesof 13 consists Each course right I aries stop couldn't smoking obtain any blessing "And we when are sons corrected and which it is to to then, that there obedience but have from God, by would and graded by experts. it is I predicated."got night. next until the wait law and which up upon (D&C

TUITION: 130:2021.)We have several laws given to us wentprayer,intoandtheI livingtalked roomto myandFatherknelt inin

$19.00 each, complete today that are opportunities for us to heaven. I asked him to give me help,

strength, to take give to in that evidences outward away we my me guarantee express Moneyback desire cigarettes, to to for I so that of craving obedient the could be laws

Students Worldwide I enter a few: God. baptized kingdom. His and be name To

1968 Organized tithes several offerings give tried to have smoking on up and and had We

Write for Details the Sabbath day. I don't know why we previous occasions—even to the point

legislation for to force should smoker's cure need a us to of sending away CONTINENTAL SCHOOLS keep the successful. knelt Sabbath but day holy. been As I had not

299 P. O. Box Also, are I night, in that prayer to attend however, commanded we

Station Univ. Brigham felt Young all that sacrament in Father meetings, and there are other with my my heart

Provo, Utah 84601 evidences. I outward help me. heard a voice heaven would

The Lord has also said: say to me, 'Do not wait until tomor-

"And all saints who remember to row, but give up the smoking habit keep and do these sayings, walking in now. I will help you in every way, and

The price of the Happy i l/CM obedience to the commandments...."you will be successful in giving up

'(D&C 89:18.) tobacco.'I felt joy and peace in myHoneymoon 'Sef ($38.50) J"

shown on page 100 has been printed in errorkindly disregard. Prices in body

copy are correct -The Era 42 heart as I arose from my knees. its hurting her, she noticed that she was What a different world this would

"The next morning before I went to feeling better all the time. be, if we all heeded this counsel.

work, I looked at my tobacco and told She told her sister what had hap- I like this statement by President myself I would leave it there and not pened to her, and her sister said, "If George Albert Smith. He said:

smoke. When I came home I threw it you can do it, I can. You wait for me "... When I was a child I recogin the fire. And since that time I have and we'll both join this church."nized, or thought I did, that the comnot had any desire to use tobacco."A year later they came to my office mandments of the Lord were His laws

("Halfway Around the World,"Inand told me their story. Each had been and regulations for my guidance. I

structor, September 1970, pp. 33132.) to the temple and been sealed to her thought I recognized in the disobediThen his wife tells a similar story of husband. ence to those laws that punishment

her experiences. I have heard hundreds Though they were in their upper 80s, would follow, and as a child, I presume

of similar stories. they had not only gained the blessings I may have felt that the Lord had so

I'll never forget the two elderly sisters of health promised, but had gained the arranged affairs and so ordained matfrom down in the southern states—both blessings of eternal sealings for ever ters in this life that I must obey certain

widows. The older sister told me that and ever. laws or swift retribution would follow.

when the missionaries told them of the Do you think the blessings for living But as I grew older I have learned the

Word of Wisdom, they gave it some the Word of Wisdom are just health lesson from another viewpoint, and serious thought. She asked some of blessings? If you keep the Word of now to me the laws of the Lord,

her friends what they thought about her Wisdom you will be obedient to all the so called, the counsels contained in quitting. She had used tobacco all laws, including tithing, keeping the the Holy Scriptures, the revelations

her life. They told her it was foolish at Sabbath day holy, and loving your of the Lord to us in this day and age of

her age—in the mid80s. She then fellowmen. The Savior has said: "You the world, are but the sweet music

asked her doctor. He warned her that shall have glory added upon your head of the voice of our Father in heaven, in

she couldn't stand the shock—it might for ever and ever."His mercy to us. They are but the

even be the end of her. When Jesus was asked by the lawyer, advice and counsel of a loving parent,

Then she said she started to reason: "Master, which is the great commandwho is more concerned in our welfare

"I am over 80—I don't know how much ment in the law? than earthly parents can be, and conselonger I can live anyway. I need to "Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt quently that which at one time seemed

prepare to meet my Maker. If I try, love the Lord thy God with all thy to bear the harsh name of law to me is

and I die in the attempt, I can say to heart, and with all thy soul, and with now the loving and tender advice of an

'I to Maker, do was tryingmy do.'thought you wanted me to "what I all"Thisthy mind.is the first and great comall-wiseReport, Octoberheavenly1911,Father."pp. 4344.)(Conference

Any way she looked at it she was mandment. The Savior said, on another occasion,

doing what she thought "He"would "And the second is like unto it, Thou "If ye love me, keep my commandwant her to do, literally putting her shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. ments."(John 14:15.) May we all, with

life in the balance. "On these two commandments hang all our efforts, be obedient to his comShe quit and waited for something all the law and the prophets."(Matt. mandments, I pray in the name of

to happen—which didn't. Instead of 22:3640.) Jesus Christ. Amen. Q

We are privileged to live in a beauby mere chance, but must be the reoriginating from accident is comparable tiful world. As we admire its majesties sult of the handiwork of a divine and to the probability of the Unabridged

and beauties, with man as its final inspired architect and creator. Dictionary resulting from an explosion

and crowning creation, we are filled An illustrious biologist, after many in a printing office."(Professor Edwin

with wonderment and awe. Surely years of study and meditation, conConklin, as quoted in Reader's Digest,

these developments did not come about cluded that "the probability of life April 1956.)

Era, December 1970 43 We are torn on every hand by manand faith in the word and instruction to speak for the edification of the made intellectual theories and doctrines. from the Lord. others. Heber C. Kimball, on one

And among us we have "doubting During our lifetime there will unoccasion, was invited to address them

Thomases,"who lack faith and who doubtedly come times when we may on the subject of faith. He began by

do not recognize a Heavenly Being as be asked by our Church leaders to relating an incident that had occurred the creator of all these wonders. They carry out an assignment or perform but recently in his own family. "My

cry out, "There is no God,"or "God some duty. We may not be aware of wife, one day,"commenced Brother

is dead."the reason for the request at the time Kimball, "when going out on a visit,

Faithful Latterday Saints heartily nor after. But I am confident that if gave our daughter Helen Mar charge

disagree with these extreme, false, unwe have faith in our leaders and render not to touch the dishes,"as they were true statements. We declare to the obedience to them, the Lord will bless very scarce, expensive, and hard to

world that God is not dead, but rather and reward us for our faithfulness. replace. She advised her that if she

that he is "the beginning and the end, The Lord has endowed some indibroke any during her absence, she the same which looked upon the wide viduals with a gift and capacity for would punish her when she returned.

expanse of eternity, and all the seraphic possessing and exercising great powers "While my wife was absent,"conhosts of heaven, before the world was of faith. Such a man was Henry A tinued Brother Kimball, "my daughter

of the married bear a broke solemn a number dishes by letting and with Dixon. 38:1.) Althoughmade."(D&C We "

leaf fall the table called live that family of when and doeswitness many children, that God the first principle of the gospel is to by the First Presidency to fill a misThe little girl was greatly frighthave faith in the Lord, Jesus Christ, sion to Great Britain, he readily acened and "went out under an apple and in God, our Heavenly Father. We cepted the call without hesitation. With tree and prayed that her mother's

further declare to the world and bear three missionary traveling companions, heart might be softened, that when she witness that we are the spiritual offhe embarked from St. John Island at returned she would not spank her.

spring of heavenly parents. Newfoundland on the steamship AriHer mother was very punctual,"said

Our true genesis, we declare, is that zona. Brother Kimball, "when she made a

we did not come here by chance or by En route a furious storm arose. As promise to her children, to fulfill it,

a whim of nature, but we came here the missionaries were preparing to and when she returned, she undertook, by divine right, which we earned behave their evening prayers prior to as a duty, to carry this promise into cause of our faithfulness in a previous retiring, they felt a shocking jolt that effect. She retired with [the little girl]

estate. Our eternal spirits are clothed caused the entire ship to quiver. As into her room, but found herself

in mortal bodies made in the image of they rushed to the deck they discovered powerless to chastise her; her heart was

our Father. We do not remember what that the ship, traveling at full speed, so softened that it was impossible for

happened in that former estate, as a had rammed a gigantic iceberg. A her to raise her hand against the child.

veil has been drawn that obscures our huge, gaping hole had been torn in the Afterwards, Helen told her mother she memory. We don't have all the anprow of the vessel, which extended had prayed to the Lord that she might

swers here. even below the water line. The captain not whip her."

The Lord has made it plain that we advised that only in a calm sea could Brother Heber paused in his simple must be prepared to grope and see as he and the crew bring the ship to the narrative. Tears glistened in the eyes

"through a glass darkly,"but we have nearest port, which was some 250 miles of his listeners; the Prophet Joseph,

been given the assurance that one away. who was a warm and tenderhearted

bright day we shall see clearly and our The wind and the storm continued man, was also weeping. He told the

vision will be undimmed. unabated. Many hours later and unbrethren that that was the kind of

In the meantime we must be conable to sleep, Elder Dixon arose, faith they needed: "the faith of a little

tent to accept many things on faith. dressed, and walked to the deck. Standchild, going in humility to its Parents,

Some have referred to this as blind ing there alone in the dark, with deep and asking for the desire of its heart."

faith or blind obedience. But I have humility and great faith, by the power He complimented Brother Kimball and

never been persuaded that faith or of the Holy Priesthood, he rebuked the said "the anecdote was welltimed."

obedience was blind when the request waves and commanded them to be (Orson F. Whitney, Life of Heber C.

to perform some duty or task came still. Kimball [Bookcraft, 1945], pp. 6970.)

from one in whom I had complete Thirtysix hours later the ship was At the general conference held last confidence and trust. Rather than term able to return and dock at Port St. April, at a solemn assembly here in the

it blind obedience, I prefer to call it John. In accordance with Elder Dixon's Tabernacle, the names of a new First

trusting or implicit faith. promise, not a single life had been lost. Presidency were presented and sus-

I like the beautiful lesson taught and When the ship's owner, a Mr. Guion, tained. These brethren, whom the

the impressive example set by our first learned of the accident, and knowing Lord has chosen and designated to be parent, Father Adam. He was comthat Mormon missionaries were aboard, the three presiding high priests, did

manded by the Lord to offer the firsthe was quoted as saying: "There is not seek the high and holy callings

lings of his flocks as a sacrifice. He nothing to worry about. My line has that came to them; but throughout

did not know the reason for the request, transported Mormon missionaries for their lives they lived and worked but without hesitation he was obedient forty years and has never lost a boat so that when the positions sought them, to the commandment: "And after many with Mormon missionaries aboard!"they were prepared to humbly accept

days an angel of. the Lord appeared Not only was faith a powerful force those callings. I have faith in them

unto Adam, saying: Why dost thou in this instance, but it is also a strong and earnestly pray that they may be

offer sacrifices unto the Lord?"Adam and motivating factor in the lives of blessed, magnified, and sustained, and

responded with this magnificent, trustnumerous individuals, bringing to them that we as members of the Church may ing reply: "I know not, save the Lord comfort and peace of mind. have the faith and good judgment to

commanded me."(Moses 5:5-6.) To During the winter of 18341835 a follow their inspired leadership, as we

Adam it was not a matter of blind theological school was established in go forward in this, the Lord's work;

obedience, but rather it displayed his Kirtland. It was the custom at the for this I pray, in the name of the Lord

complete and unwavering confidence school to call upon a certain member Jesus Christ, our Savior. Amen. O

44 Era, December 1970 women's libpollution ncreased crimeUtah economicfuture sacher contractswar tourism -rehabilitatioi ivorcedrunk driving highway constructio care for agedecolog we care

Utah's CommunityMinded Stations

home of radio m As a people, we have three great The adversary knows "that the home "The great bulk of them, of course, are loyalties: loyalty to God, loyalty to is the first and most effective place for good, but some of us do not know when

family, loyalty to country. children to learn the lessons of life: they begin to go away from the path

I come to you today with a plea to truth, honor, virtue, selfcontrol; the of truth and righteousness. Be watchstrengthen our families. value of education, honest work, and ful every day and hour. Never relax

It has been truly stated that "salvathe purpose and privilege of life. Nothyour care, your solicitude. Rule kindly

tion is a family affair... and that the ing can take the place of home in in the spirit of the Gospel and the spirit

family unit is the most important orrearing and teaching children, and no of the priesthood, but rule, if you wish ganization in time or in eternity."other success can compensate for failyour children to follow the right path."

The Church was created in large ure in the home."(President David O. Permissive parents are part of the

measure to help the family, and long McKay, in Family Home Evening problem.

after the Church has performed its Manual, 196869, p. iii.) As a watchman on the tower, I feel

mission, the celestial patriarchal order And so today, the undermining of the to warn you that one of the chief will still be functioning. This is why home and family is on the increase, means of misleading our youth and

President Joseph F. Smith said: "To be with the devil anxiously working to disdestroying the family unit is our edu-

a successful father or a successful place the father as the head of the cational institutions. President Joseph

mother is greater than to be a successhome and create rebellion among the F. Smith referred to false educational

ful general or a successful statesman children. The Book of Mormon deideas as one of the three threatening

...,"and President McKay added: scribes this condition when it states, dangers among our Church members.

"When one puts business or pleasure "And my people, children are their There is more than one reason why above his home, he, that moment, oppressors, and women rule over them."the Church is advising our youth to

starts on the downgrade to soul And then these words follow—and attend colleges close to their homes

weakness."consider these words seriously when where institutes of religion are availAnd this is why President Harold B. you think of those political leaders who able. It gives the parents the opporLee said only yesterday, "The Church are promoting birth control and abortunity to stay close to their children;

must do more to help the home carry tion: "O my people, they who lead and if they have become alert and

out its divine mission."thee cause thee to err and destroy the informed as President McKay admonPresident Joseph Fielding Smith has way of thy paths."(2 Ne. 13:12.) And ished us last year, these parents can

stated that never "in the history of the let me warn the sisters in all seriousness help expose some of the deceptions of

Church have there been so many that you who submit yourselves to an men like Sigmund Freud, Charles Dartemptations, so many pitfalls, so many abortion or to an operation that prewin, John Dewey, Karl Marx, John dangers, to lure away the members of cludes you from safely having addiKeynes, and others.

the Church from the path of duty and tional healthy children are jeopardizing Today there are much worse things from righteousness as we find today."your exaltation and your future memthat can happen to a child than not

(Take Heed to Yourselves, p. 127.) bership in the kingdom of God. getting a full college education. In

And he has also said: "This world is Parents are directly responsible for fact, some of the worst things have

not growing better... wickedness is the righteous rearing of their children, happened to our children while attendincreasing."(Ibid., p. 207.) and this responsibility cannot be safely ing colleges led by administrators who

Never has the devil been so well delegated to relatives, friends, neighwink at subversion and amoral ity.

organized, and never in our day has he bors, the school, the church, or the Said Karl G. Maeser, "I would rather

had so many powerful emissaries workstate. have my child exposed to smallpox,

ing for him. We must do everything "I appeal to you parents, take nothtyphus fever, cholera, or other maligin our power to strengthen and safeing for granted about your children,"nant and deadly diseases than to the

guard the home and family. said President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. degrading influence of a corrupt

46 Era, December 1970 WELFAR

*+*+*i ff.

THSRE IS A

WAY BACKOF THE STORY MOMKW TOOTH ANP DRUGS i

IL -,-.. *..

:V

rtjtias ibo many kfdf wiii-*bo niorif- '-with drudl c/jfff[>arku>ii. I r;w 'JlltS Or) ve mtfre

There Is A Way Back iJh concemA|to**onts arw** friends who want to reacftHfcse people that noiMi help so badly. "*

The Way Back just may be that. $2.95

We invite you to review the other publications from

Trilogy Arts. Stimulating reading for L.D.S. families.

Send A Gift Book: We will happily send a book to a 5

friend or relative. Specify the publication and enclose

a check with name and address. We II do the rest.

)VO. UTAH 84601

BEGINNINGS f THE SEARCH;Y*r >t(i/!flll SAMfcAUVE

CAROL IVNH PEARSON CAROL LYNN PEAR

Negro Mormon Inspirational Drawings by

Convert Humor Poetry Trevor Southey

The Book of Mormon on Compact Cassette tapes The inspiring words of the Book and learn as you travel in your car or of Mormon are brought to life in a work around the house.

new dynamic recording on compact Make use of your wasted mocassettes. Every chapter and verse is ments, play the Book of Mormon

dramatically narrated by the eminent over and over again, without the scholar, Dr. Lael J. Woodbury of the scratching and wearing out of a

Brigham Young University.

Now with the convenience of the prerecorded cassette, you can study the scriptures anywhere. Lightweight

Convenient and Portable SALESMEN AND phonograph record. The album will DISTRIBUTOR

become a cherished family possesINQUIRIES INVITED sion as well as an invaluable classOur new marketing proroom aid. gramyou. Growwill beandof expandinterest to

Families, young and old, will gain with Listener's Digest as with it reaches the homes the to inspiration and new insight Lifetime Guarantee products and exciting new listen enjoy scriptures to and as they cassettes. on compact

and portable, the cassette provides the Book of Mormon on Compact Easy to start—easy to sell.

you with the opportunity to listen Cassette.

For further information and complete catalogue write:

Listener's Digest Services, Inc.

242 North University Avenue Provo, Utah 84601 Phone (801) 3749373

teacher. It is infinitely better to take been taught any falsehoods, then the evening program (one night each week)

chances with an ignorant, but purechildren and the father together reis to be set apart for fathers and mothminded teacher than with the greatest search out the truth. If your children ers to gather their sons and daughters

philosopher who is impure."are required to put down on exams the around them in the home. Prayer is

Vocational education, correspondence falsehoods that have been taught, then offered, hymns and other songs are courses, establishment in a family perhaps they can follow President sung, scripture is read, family topics business are being considered for their Joseph Fielding Smith's counsel of are discussed, talent is displayed, princhildren by an increasing number of prefacing their answer with the words ciples of the gospel are taught, and parents. "teacher says,"or they might say "you often games are played and homeThe tenth plank in Karl Marx's taught"or "the textbook states."made refreshments served.

Manifesto for destroying our kind of If your children are taught untruths Now here are the promised blessings civilization advocated the establishon evolution in the public schools or for those who will hold a weekly ment of "free education for all children even in our Church schools, provide home evening:

in public schools."There were sevthem with a copy of President Joseph "If the Saints obey this counsel, we

eral reasons why Marx wanted governFielding Smith's excellent rebuttal in promise that great blessings will result.

ment to run the schools. Dr. A. A. his book Man, His Origin and Destiny. Love at home and obedience to parents

Hodge pointed out one of them when Recently some parents paid for space will increase. Faith will be developed

he said, "It is capable of exact in a newspaper to run an open letter in the hearts of the youth of Israel, demonstration that if every party in the to the school principal of their son. and they will gain power to combat

State has the right of excluding from The letter in part stated: the evil influences and temptations

public schools whatever he does not "You are hereby notified that our which beset them."(First Presidency,

believe to be true, then he that believes son,, is not allowed by his April 27, 1915, Improvement Era, vol.

most must give way to him that beundersigned parents to participate in, 18, p. 734.)

lieves least, and then he that believes or be subject to instruction in, any Now what of the entertainment that least must give way to him that training or education in sex, human is available to our young people today?

believes absolutely nothing, no matter biological development, attitude deAre you being undermined right in in how small a minority the atheists velopment, selfunderstanding, personyour home through your TV, radio, or agnostics may be. It is selfevident al and family life, or group therapy, or slick magazines, rock records? Much

that on this scheme, if it is consistently sensitivity training, or selfcriticism, or of the rock music is purposely designed and persistently carried out in all parts any combination or degree thereof, to push immorality, narcotics, revoluof the country, the United States syswithout the consent of the undersigned tion, atheism, and nihilism, through tem of national popular education will by express written permission.... language that often has a double

be the most efficient and widespread "We intend to retain and exercise meaning and with which many parinstrument for the propagation of our parental rights to guide our child ents are not familiar.

atheism which the world has ever in the areas of morality and sexual beParents who are informed can warn seen."havior without any interference or their children of the demoralizing,

After the tragic prayer decision was contradiction imposed by school perloud, raucous beat of rock music, which made by the Court, President David O. sonnel. deadens the senses and dulls the sensiMcKay stated, "The Supreme Court of "[Our son] has been taught to recogbilities—the jungle rhythm which

the United States severs the connecting nize the format of sensitivity training, inflames the savagery within.

cord between the public schools of the group therapy, selfcriticism, etc., as it Said President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.:

United States and the source of divine is being broadly applied, lowering "I would have you reflect for a mointelligence, the Creator, himself."the standards of morality and replacment upon the fact that a tremendous

(Relief Society Magazine, December ing American individual responsibility amount of the modern art, of the 1962, p. 878.) with the dependency on, and conmodern literature and music, and the

Does that make any difference to formity to, the 'herd consensus'concept drama that we have today is utterly you? Can't you see why the demand of collectivism. demoralizing—utterly.... Your musicof conscientious parents is increasing "He has been instructed to promptly—well, I do not know how far above

the number of private Christian and remove himself from any class in the tomtom of the jungle it is, but

Americanist oriented schools? which he is exposed to the aforemenit is not too far....

Today, Brigham Young University is tioned indoctrination and to report to "These things you must watch. They

the largest private school in the United us any such disregard of this letter."all have their effects on the children.

States. Parents from far and near are The Lord knew that in the last days Make your homelife as near heavenlooking to Brigham Young University Satan would try to destroy the family like as you can."(Relief Society Magaas never before. unit. He knew that by court edict, zine, December 1952, p. 798.)

Now, whether your child attends this pornography would be allowed to Youth leaders, are you holding aloft type of school or not, it is important prosper. our standards or have you compromised

that you stay close to your children, How grateful we should be that God them for the lowest common denomidaily review, if possible, what they inspired his prophet over half a cennator in order to appease the deceived have learned in school, and go over tury ago to institute the weekly home or vile within the Church? Are the

their textbooks. evening program. This is the vandances and music in your cultural halls

President Joseph Fielding Smith has guard for getting parents to assume the virtuous, lovely, praiseworthy, and of stated that in public schools you canresponsibility of instructing their good report, or do they represent a not get a textbook, anywhere that he children. An increasing number of modern Sodom with short skirts, loudknows of, on the "ologies"that doesn't faithful Saints are holding more than beat, strobe lights, and darkness?

contain nonsense. (Take Heed to Yourone home evening a week and are Will our youth leaders accept the

selves, p. 32.) adding to or deleting from the home standards set for young John Wesley

I know one noble father who reviews evening manual as the Spirit dictates.. by his mother? Hear her sound

with his children regularly what they Designed to strengthen and safecounsel have been taught; and if they have guard the family, the Church home "Would you judge of the lawfulness

Era, December 1970 49 or unlawfulness of pleasure? Take this And they're very quick to shatter all that for gladness they must roam,

rule: Now note whatever weakens your the little family ties. That for smiles that are the brightest

reason, impairs the tenderness of your Each goes searching after pleasure in they must wander far from home.

conscience, obscures your sense of God, his own selected way. That the strange friend is the true

takes off your relish for spiritual things, Each with strangers likes to wander, friend, and they travel far astray whatever increases the authority of the and with strangers likes to play. And they waste their lives in striving

body over the mind, that thing is sin But it's bitterness they harvest, and it's for a joy that's far away, to you, however innocent it may seem empty joy they find, But the gladdest sort of people, when in itself."For the children that are wisest are the the busy day is done,

Have we, as Moroni warned, "polstick-together kind. Are the brothers and the sisters, who

luted the holy church of God?"(Morm. There are some who seem to fancy together share their fun.

8:38.) The auxiliaries of the Church

are to be a help, not a hindrance, to parents and the priesthood as they strive to lead their families back to

God. Do any of us wear or display the

broken cross, antiChrist sign, that is "The Spoken Word"from Temple the adversary's symbol of the socalled Square, presented over KSL and "peace movement"? the Columbia Broadcasting System

"My people are destroyed for lack October 11, 1970. 1970.

of knowledge,"lamented Hosea. (Hos.

4:6.) Today, because some parents

have refused to become informed and then stand up and inform their children, they are witnessing the gradual There is much said that isn't so physical and spiritual destruction of their posterity. If we would become By Richard L. Evans

evil,like knowing good God, and talk, expressed, often with opinions t'me f much A e l've 'n a A then \ find best is underout what hadwe swiftly that substance, without and rumors much \ /sometimes \f us, to avoid it, andmining what howwe can do about it. V Vcirculate, because someone heard that someone said that someIt is time that the hearts of us fathers thing is so—and so opinions proliferate, and rumors run rampant, bebe turned to our children and the cause so many have the means of saying so much to so many, and

ofhearts children the be turned to us because so much that is unproved is repeated, often without thinkingfathers, or be cursed. shall both we

The seeds of divorce are often sown much whether or m. i it is or isn't so. "What is the hardest task in the

and the blessings of children delayed world?"asked Emerson. "To think."'And to this Dr. Frank Crane added

outside the wives workingby home. some interesting sentences: "Don't pick up some opinion you hear, mothers should rememberWorking

that their children usually need more and make it your own because it sounds fine, and go to passing it out, of mother than of money. without carefully examining it, scrutinizing, crossquestioning and testget proin the world As conditions to afraid to say, 'I don't know.'ing you ought it.... Don't be What

is it crucial thatgressively worse, don't. of... Ask to understand ashamed is seeming when...you the be righin closer together.family draw

teousness and that family solidarity be questions. Define—practice defining. Practice telling what a thing is

established.'As one has said, "There not, as well as what it is. Get a clear idea of what you don't know.

pullsare from too away many see better... Don't can you what let anybody do know. you the Then

seriously contoday. shouldhome We

a certain think in a thing of belief simply you you amount owe make activisider or too not whether many ties and other interests take too much because you can't disprove it.... You don't have to believe or distime and attention from our families, believe everything that comes along; most things you just hang up

children, those from ourfrom whom to love, to nourand wait."2 Well, it all adds up to a simple conclusion: There is much gave usthe Lord God

ish, to teach, and to help through said that isn't so. There is much opinion expressed that isn't proved.

life."There is much rumor running around—and if we let ourselves be run

find as ourselves by rumor would James said: "like a wave of the sea we families are happier sticktogetherThe 3 driven tossed."the with wind and far by

Than the brothers and the sisters who "The flying rumors gather'd as they roll'd, take separate highways are. Scare any tale was sooner heard than told;

living people gladdestThe are the And all who told it added something new folks wholesome make who

A circle at the fireside that no power on And all who heard it made enlargements too."4

earth can break. Everything we think and everything we hear aren't necessarily so.

And the finest of conventions ever held beneath the sun little gatherings family theAre when

First Essays, Series: Intellect 'Ralph Emerson, Waldo

2 is done. the busy day Essays. Dr. Frank Crane, four Minute

|as. 1:6. folk, are rich there are poorThere folk, 4 Alexander Pope, of Fame. The Temple are wise. imagine they who

It's the sticktogether family that wins as well, with members of the family Tonight, let no cold stranger come;

the joys of earth, taking turns reading the scriptures, It must be often thus around

That hears the sweetest music and particularly the Book of Mormon. Our old familiar hearth we're found.

that finds the finest mirth; Nighttime is a great time for the busy Bless, then, the meeting and the spot.

It's the old home roof that shelters all father to go to each child's bedside, to For once be every care forgot;

the charm that life can give; talk with him, answer his questions, Let gentle peace assert her power,

There you find the gladdest playground, and tell him how much he is loved. And kind affection rule the hour.

there the happiest spot to live. In such homes there is no "generation We're all—all here.

And, O weary, wandering hrother, if gap."This deceptive phrase is another (Adapted from a poem

contentment you would win, tool of the devil to weaken the home by Charles Sprague.)

Come you back unto the fireside and and family. Children who honor their

be comrade with your kin. parents and parents who love their God bless us to strengthen our fami-

(Adapted from a poem children can make a home a haven of lies by avoiding the crafty designs of by Edgar A. Guest.) safety and a little bit of heaven. the adversary and following the noble

Does this poem describe your family ways of the Lord, so that in due time

And so let's strengthen the family. gatherings? we can report to our Heavenly Father

Family and individual prayer, morning in his celestial home that we are all and evening, can invite the blessings of We are all here: there, father, mother, sister, brother,

the Lord on your household. Mealtime Father, mother, all who hold each other dear. Each

provides a wonderful time to review Sister, brother, chair is filled, we are all back home.

the activities of the day and to not only All who hold each other dear. In the name of Jesus Christ.

feed the body, but to feed the spirit Each chair is filled, we are all at home. Amen. O

Brethren and sisters: I have taken for ties are inseparably connected in their inhabitants; also that there were two

my theme this afternoon, "The Keyrelationship to the Book of Mormon stones in silver bows... deposited

stone of Our Religion."and the restored gospel. To accept one with the plates;... and that God had

The Prophet Joseph Smith wrote in of them is to accept the other. prepared them for the purpose of transhis diary for November 28, 1841: When Joseph Smith retired to bed lating the book."(DHC, vol. 1, p. 12.)

"I spent the day in the council with on the night of September 21, 1823, In this interview, the Prophet rethe Twelve Apostles at the house of he had no thought (and he had never ceived his first concept of the Book of

President Young, conversing with them had a thought) about the Book of Mormon. From that night until the

upon a variety of subjects.... I told Mormon. The matter that concerned book was published, Joseph was conthe brethren that the Book of Mormon him at that moment was his standing stantly guided from heaven in obtainwas the most correct of any book on with the Lord. This, in prayer and ing, caring for, and translating the

earth, and the keystone of our religion, supplication, he sought to determine. sacred record. One of the most remarkand a man would get nearer to God by While praying, he was visited by able things concerning the Book of

abiding by its precepts than by any Moroni, a personage sent from the Mormon is the frequency and the finalother book."(Documentary History of presence of God, who told him that ity with which the Lord himself testithe Church, vol. 4, p. 461. Italics "there was a book deposited [in nearby fied to its truth and divinity.

added.) Cumorah], written upon gold plates, Confirming his own participation in

The authenticity of the Book of Morgiving an account of the former inbringing forth the Book of Mormon, mon and the restoration of the gospel habitants of this continent, and the the Lord, in August 1830, said to the rest upon the same two fundamentals: sources from whence they sprang. He Prophet: "I... sent [Moroni] unto

first, the reality of modern revelation, also said that the fullness of the everyou to reveal the Book of Mormon, conand second, the fact that Joseph Smith lasting Gospel was contained in it, as taining the fulness of my everlasting was a prophet of God. These two veridelivered by the Savior to the ancient gospel..."(D&C27:5.)

Era, December 1970 51 TO THE COUNTLESS WOMEN WHO HAVE SAID:

"/// could just listen to Mrs. Daryl

every morning ten minutes Hoole for things write the to which Doctrine them to the and structed In the preface

I'd boost get the I need to do my also them. reminded that he had taught said work."Covenants, he called the Lord He

upon "Joseph Smith, Jun., and spake them that they had not made record of

AND TO THE MANY OTHER WOMEN unto him from heaven, and gave him the prophecy of his servant Samuel the

MRS. HOOLE'S HAVE TAKEN WHO time at the to the effect that that "have Lamanite, he might commandments"THE SERIES CLASSES FOR OF saints"of his resurrection the mercy "many through power to translate... TIMES THIRD SECOND AND

"Your class was so helpful 1 just had to of God, hy the power of God, the Book should arise from the dead. When he

come back for another series."of Mormon."(D&C 1:17, 29.) The drew this to their attention, his disciLord also told the Three Witnesses that ples remembered the prophecies and

their fulfillment. hook,"the "translated (Jesus commanded the Prophet had TO THE OTHER WOMEN AND

it therefore it should be written; Lord "as your and that added, then he and CONFESSED: HAVE WHO

"My husband has offered to give me your God liveth it is true."(D&C 17:6.) was written according as he com-

$5.00 every time I hear Mrs. Daryl Hoole As the Prophet proceeded with the manded.)

speak."translation, he learned many great From the title page of the Book of

and marvelous truths. He learned that Mormon, the Prophet learned that one

AND TO HOMEMAKERS EVERYthe concept of the Book of Mormon of the two purposes of the book was

WHERE WHO SAY: originated in the mind of the Lord "the convincing of the Jew and Gentile

"/ need something to recharge my battery Jesus himself—that both the source that Jesus is the Christ."

from time to time."material for the record and the engravFor the accomplishment of this purings that he was translating were prepose, the book is from beginning to end

Motivational Productions pared by righteous men directed by a witness for Christ. Its first chapter

Incorporated God. contains an account of a vision in

is therefore proud to introduce He learned that, under the guidance which Lehi beheld Jesus "descending of the Lord, the gathering of source out of the midst of heaven"in luster material for the book began as early as above the noonday sun. (1 Ne. 1:9.)

A LIVE RECORDING BY DAR'2200 b.c, when the Lord commanded Its last chapter concludes with Moroni's HOOLE ON HOMEMAKING AND the brother of Jared "to go down out great exhortation to come unto Christ FAMILY LIVING.

of the mount from the presence of the and be perfected in him, with this asCOMPLETELY NEW! Lord, and write the things which he surance: "... and if ye shall deny

all of yourselves ungodliness that learned and love seen."(Eth. had 4:1.) He STIMULATING!

all your with continued and record the might, mind thus begun God was

INSPIRATIONAL! by commandment of the Lord until strength, then is his grace sufficient for

MOTIVATING! the end of the Jaredite era; that the you, that by his grace ye may be...

complete Jaredite record miraculously sanctified "(Moro. 10:3233.)

came into the hands of Moroni, who, Numerous and great are the stirring about a.d. 400, abridged it into the testimonies that illuminate the five

short record we know as the book of hundred pages between these two

Ether. He learned that the things in chapters.

this short abridgment were written by I bear you my witness that I have

Moroni upon the plates he, Joseph, obtained for myself a personal knowlwas translating, because, according to edge that the Book of Mormon is all

Moroni's own words, "the Lord hath the Prophet Joseph said it is; that from

commanded me to write them"; and it radiates the spirit of prophecy and

Moroni continues: "... I have written revelation; that it teaches in plain

upon these plates the very things simplicity the great doctrines of salvawhich the brother of Jared saw"and tion and the principles of righteous

also Christ; that familiarity hath with its spirit comup; and he seal them SRVINiLlVEN the Lord "commanded me that I should conduct calculated to bring men to

I seal into its teachings the will should that and obedience up manded terpretation thereof; wherefore I have move every contrite soul to fervently mmm sealed up the interpreters, according pray with David, "Create in me a clean

a right spirit PRICE IS ONLY to(Eth.the4:4-5.)commandment of the Lord."withinheart, Ome."God;(Ps.and51:10.)renew

$ 5.95 Similar direction was given conOne's soul is lifted above the sordid

this things of soars records: in the world Nephite the and Send Check or Money Order to: cerning

spirit divine, of the as in Lord he "The commanded me [said realm

Nephi], wherefore I did make plates of stands with the brother of Jared on ore that I might engraven upon them Mount Shelem in the presence of the the record of my people.... premortal Redeemer and hears him empi "And this have I done, and comsay: "Behold, I am he who was preMOTIVATIONAL PRODUCTIONS mandeddo after Imywaspeoplegone."what(1 Ne.they19:1,should4.) paredto redeemfrom themy foundationpeople. Behold,of the worldI am

INCORPORATED Thus, pursuant to divine command Jesus Christ.... In me shall all man-

P. O. BOX 8433 and direction, the comprehensive reckind have light, and that eternally,

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84108 ord on the large plates of Nephi, from even they who shall believe on my which Mormon made his abridgment, name....

was kept for nearly a thousand years. "... Seest thou that ye are created

Jesus himself edited part of that after mine own image? Yea, even all

record. During his postresurrection men were created in the beginning

ministry among the Nephites, he inafter mine own image.

Book

44 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111 52

"Behold, this body, which ye now If sell...behold, is the body of my spirit; and you can

man have I created after the body of my spirit; and even as I appear unto

thee to be in the spirit will I appearunto my people in the flesh."(Eth. we've got your

3:1416.) One's soul is likewise lifted as in spirit he mingles with the multitude"round about the temple... in the number.

land of Bountiful,"who, as Mormon said, "were marveling and wonderingone with another, and were show801 3648401 ing one to another the great and marvelous change which had taken place.

"And... also conversing about this

Jesus Christ, of whom the sign had been given concerning his death.

"And it came to pass that while they were thus conversing one with another, they heard a voice as if it came out of heaven;... and it was not a harsh *f

voice, neither was it a loud voice;

nevertheless, and notwithstanding it being a small voice it did pierce them that did hear to the center, insomuch that there was no part of their frame that it did not cause to quake; yea, it

did pierce them to the very soul, and did cause their hearts to burn.

"... and it said unto them:

"Behold my Beloved Son, in whom

I am well pleased, in whom I have glorified him. ye my name—hear

behold, they saw "... and a Man

descending out of heaven; and he was

clothed in a white robe; and he came

down and stood in the midst of them;

and the eyes of the whole multitude were turned upon him, and they durst not open their mouths, even one to another, and wist not what it meant, for they thought it was an angel that had appeared unto them.

"And it came to pass that he stretched forth his hand and spake unto the people, saying: I'm Jay Horrocks. I'm in charge of marketing of more than half the first year premium, plus

"Behold, I am Jesus Christ, whom for Beneficial Life. (801) 3648401 is my a nonsmoker's discount. Then there's our

the prophets testified shall come into phone number. If you're looking for greater income replacement insurance. It's tops too.

the world. sales potential, call me... collect. We think our insurance, placed by a welllight the the behold, and "And I am is Life... Rapidly. trained Beneficial have Beneficial consultant, is the fingrowing We

..life 11:1-3, world. of the Ne.."(3

in first billion dollars in force est just value insurance America today. our reached

6-11.) I've reasons our third billion just a few of on mentioned expect to be working and many of resume Alma's one can read No so growing Inviting opportunities are and our consultants are why 1975. we new by father of histhe experiences with the

saints who joined the church at the opening up in nearly every state for agency rapidly. Give me a call. Let's talk about NEW

waters of Mormon; of the Lord's mercy managers and consultants to tell the exciting GROWTH FOR YOU!

and longsuffering in bringing them Beneficial Life story. Part of that sory is that

out of their spiritual and temporal our sales have more than doubled in the past captivity; of how by the power of the year and are still increasing.

Spirit, they from were awakenedHoly Why?

to oftheir experience sleep death deep it's have consultants our because Maybe in changea mighty wrought is the new rewarding say most their what many

I say, one, contemplate canhearts—no it's in industry. the sales contract Or maybethis without transformation marvelous

yearning to have a like change wrought because we make insurance so easy to buyin his own heart. ($100,000 policy for less than $19 a month Beneficial Life

And no one can answer for himself at age 30). It could be our new Professional INSURANCE COMPANY

these questions, which Alma put to his Whole Life policy, with a firstyear cash value SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH brethren

Era, December 1970 53 "[si]... have ye spiritually been works of righteousness upon the face of divine truth, when he declared:

born of God? [2] Have ye received the earth? "I told the brethren that the Book

his image in your countenances? [3] '[6] Have ye walked, keeping yourof Mormon was the most correct book

Have ye experienced this mighty selves blameless before God? [7] Could on earth, and the keystone of our rechange in your hearts? ye say, if ye were called to die at this ligion, and a man would get nearer

"[4] Do ye exercise faith in the retime... that ye have been sufficiently to God by abiding by its precepts, than

demption of him who created you? humble? That your garments have any other book."

[5] Do you look forward with an been been cleansed and made white As do all the works of God, the Book eye of faith, and view this mortal body through the blood of Christ..-.?"of Mormon bears within itself the eviraised in immortality, and this corrup- (Al. 5:1416, 27.) dence of its own authenticity.

tion raised in incorruption, to stand I say, no one with the spirit of the I urge you, my brethren and sisters before God to be judged according to Book of Mormon upon him can honestand friends, all of you who hear my the deeds which have been done in the ly answer to himself these soulsearch- voice, to become familiar with the mortal body? ing questions without resolving to so teachings and spirit of the Book of "I say unto you, can you imagine live that he can answer them in the Mormon—"the keystone of our relito yourselves that ye hear the voice affirmative on that great day to which gion."Its teachings and its spirit will

of the Lord, saying unto you, in that each of us shall come. I leave my lead us to Christ and eternal life. To

day: Come unto me ye blessed, for humble testimony that the Prophet this I bear solemn witness, in the name

behold, your works have been the knew whereof he spoke and uttered of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

I stand here in a great presence, As I stand before you today, the liperusal of the records they have left, surrounded by the First Presidency and brarian brings from the library of the with the Presidents of the Church and the other General Authorities of the mind some wonderful, impressive, and their counselors and brethren of the

Church. Sitting before me are those enduring experiences. I recall many Twelve who have preceded those whom

who are appointed to administer the years of close and intimate acquaint- I have named; and I bear testimony

affairs of the Church in the stakes, ance and association with great men of that they too were inspired men, missions, temples, wards, priesthood, the past and present. Twentythree prophets of God, whose actions and

and other organizations of the Church. years of unforgettable experience with teachings were in harmony with the

In addition are faithful, devoted LatterPresident Heber J. Grant, one of the lives of those with whom I have had

day Saints and other good people who sweetest associations that man could personal acquaintance over the years.

are in this great assembly and those have, and with that memory comes the And now we are blessed with the listening in on the air. It is a weighty recollection of a wonderful association administration of President Joseph

responsibility and a humbling experiwith his counselors during those years. Fielding Smith and his counselors,

ence. I am dependent upon the Lord, From the memory of the past comes Presidents Harold B. Lee and Nathan

in whose presence I also stand, as his to mind an association with President Eldon Tanner. I testify to you that

Spirit is most certainly here. I depend George Albert Smith and his counthey too are men whom the Lord loves,

also upon your faith and prayers, selors. President David O. McKay commen called of God to preside over his

Someone has said that memory is the pleted in January of this year an church here upon the earth, prophets, library of the mind and recollection is administration of nearly 19 years, and seers, and revelators; and that great

the librarian. There are stored in that the association with him and the strides are being made in the work of

library things we have read and incounselors he has had during that proclaiming the gospel to the nations formation that has come to us in many period has been a glorious experience of the world and carrying out the Lord's other ways. Sometimes when we call and privilege. I have known their program for his church in these the

upon the librarian for help, he is slow hearts and their innermost desires; they latter days.

to bring to us the things we would like have been and are good and righteous In addition, I think of the brethren to have. And sometimes he brings to men. of the Twelve Apostles whom I have

us material that would better be forWhile not knowing them personally, known intimately over these many gotten. I have become acquainted, through a years, many of whom have passed to

54 Era, December 1970.

Now Available to All Wards of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints...

per year, per person

ATHLETICS SCOUTING GIRL'S CAMPS SOCIALS SEMINARIES

THE NEED: Everyone needs Insurance protection whether $1500 ACCIDENTAL MEDICAL EXPENSE

at home, in church activities, or traveling. Parents and leaders BENEFIT - NO DEDUCTIBLE

welcome the opportunity of providing such broad protection Under this benefit, costs of medical, surgical, ambulance, at a minimum of cost. Peace of mind and freedom from hospital, dental and professional nursing services which are

worry make all your activities more enjoyable. incurred within one year from the date of accident, will be

paid up to a maximum of FIFTEEN HUNDRED DOLLARS

THE COST: Only SI.00 per year per member. All active* (S1,500.00) as the result of any one injury. Each and every

members of your M. I. A. must be included. insured member is eligible for this S1,500 expense benefit for

each injury received.

OPERATION OF THE PLAN: The basic insurable group is

is all active so broad, - plan the Because I. A. your M. DEATH AND ACCIDENTAL are $2500 I. included. Names be of the A. must ward M. members * BENEFIT DISMEMBERMENT automatically. are covered members not required and new

Regular leaders may be included at the same low premium When an injury results in any of the following losses, rate. within 90 days after an accident, the following benefits will

You may also insure other age groups in the ward such be paid IN ADDITION to any medical expense benefits:

as Primary (including the Cub Scouts), or those participat- (Loss of life... 52,500. Loss of both hands, feet or

ing in Senior athletic programs (not already included in irrecoverable sight of both eyes or any combination of these the M. I, A. group) at the same low premium.... S2,500. Loss of one hand, one foot, one arm, one leg or

irrecoverable loss of sight of either eye... S1,250)

will incurred outlined, for bills, as paid be Claims CLAIMS:

delay or red accident. of date of within 52 weeks No tape. # sultLimitedof travelingto fifty percentto or fromfor lossa scheduledoccurring asactlvrty.a reHOW TO APPLY FOR POLICY: Complete this inquiry and

mail to either of the offices below. Complete information INQUIRY

will be mailed to the Bishop. L. D. S. Youth Group Insurance

has attended who member J Active member—Any M.I. A. at Please send us further information concerning your Group current year. in the least 3 times

Accident Insurance.

HAROLD B. NIELSEN & CO. WardChapel.StakeAddress. Xity 7150 Topanga Canyon Blvd., Canoga Park, California

Phone: (213) 3408735 Bishop

Bishop's Address-.City.

BYRON L. TURNER AGENCY M.I.A.—No. of Active Members..Regular leaders-

D PRIMARY - No. of Active Members..Regular leaders—

574 East Second South, Salt Lake City, Utah SENIOR ATHLETICS - No. not already included in M.I.A..

Phone: (801)3632775! Make Your College Experience

are the great beyond, and those who too of I think all the Meaningful, Enjoyable and with us today.

other General Authorities of the

Profitable at ence,Church.a belovedIt has beenexperience,a uniqueone experithat I LDS truly treasure more than my weak

HERE'S HOW LDS WILL ADD words can express. I have loved them

MEANING TO YOUR LIFE all, each and every one, and I have gained great benefit, blessing, and

While some colleges offer institute classes, inspiration from each.

only the Church Colleges maintain the LDS One of the sweetest and most profitstandards and atmosphere on a campus wide, able experiences in life is the associa- "fulltime"basis. tion with great and good people. I can

testify to you in all sincerity and soberness that these men are and have been

LDS is the only Business College where LDS men of God, God's noblemen, men

Devotionals, teachings, and leadership raised up in this, the last dispensation, training are the rule, not the exception. the dispensation of the fulness of times,

to carry out the Lord's mandate as set

LDS insures all students rich religious forthand Covenants,in the first sectionwhich ofis thea marvelousDoctrine experiences and surroundings with both a revelation given through the Prophet

Student Ward and complete Religious Joseph Smith and "constitutes the

Institute on campus. Lord's Preface to the doctrines, covenants, and commandments given in

ENJOY COLLEGE LIFE this"Wherefore,dispensation":I the Lord, knowing the

Campus life at LDS will provide calamityinhabitantswhichof theshould,earth,comecalleduponuponthe you with wholesome activities my servant Joseph Smith, Jun., and

among those of your own faith. A spake unto him from heaven, and gave

full schedule of dances, assemblies, him commandments;

outings, and athletic events are "And also gave commandments to proclaim these that they should pleasant relief to study routines. others,

the things world; unto and all

Church fraternal organizations, and that it might be fulfilled, which thiswas

MIA add even more excitement to written by the prophets your recreational and cultural "The weak things of the world shall pursuits. YOUR BUSINESS EDUCATION comeand strongforth andones,breakthat downman theshouldmightynot

WILL BE PROFITABLE counsel his fellow man, neither trust in the arm of flesh Business Careers, you will find offer the "But that every man might speak in following advantages: the name of God the Lord, even the

of Savior the world; starting salary good A

faith also might increase in "That

Early advancement earth; the

Interesting work "That mine everlasting covenant

A secure future might be established;

High prestige "That the fulness of my gospel might be proclaimed by the weak and the

FOR PROFESSIONAL TRAINING YOU simple unto the ends of the world,

WILL FIND LDS OFFERS and before kings and rulers.

"For I am no respecter of persons,

Short term courses and will that all men shall know thai

Reasonable tuition the day speedily cometh; the hour is

Excellent facilities not yet, but is nigh at hand, when

Qualified faculty peace shall be taken from the earth, devil shall have power over the and i Job placement services his dominion. own

CHOOSE FROM THESE COURSES over"Andhis alsosaints,theandLordshallshallreignhaveinpowertheir

Fashion Merchandising, Computer midst, and shall come down in judgTechnology, Accounting and Business ment upon Idumea, or the world."

1:1723; 3536.) (D&C Reporting, Management, Court for in the Lord I thank faith—faith Secretarial Science, Marketing. Father and our in his Son Heavenly

For more information write: Jesusleadership.Christ. I thank him for inspired

Information Office I thank the Lord for faith in and

LDS Business College 411 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 56 knowledge of the truth of the refound, in all the works of God and Lord will qualify me to do my part in stored gospel. As the Prophet Joseph man, visible or invisible to the naked assisting in the rolling forth of this

Smith said: "I can taste the principles eye."great work in which we are engaged.

of eternal life, and so can you. They I want to express appreciation for I love the Lord, I love the gospel, and

are given to me hy the revelation of my wife, my family, and my loved I love the Brethren.

Jesus Christ.... You say that honey ones, who have blessed me by their I bear witness that God lives; that

is sweet, and so do I. I can taste the love and confidence. As the song says, Jesus is his Beloved Son, the Redeemer

spirit of eternal life. I know it is "No man is an island."We are all, in and Savior of the world; that as progood."part at least, the product of our enclaimed by Joseph Smith and Sidney

I am enjoying visiting the members vironment, the result of the influence Rigdon, he came into the world, even of the Church and their leaders in the upon us by our friends and associates, Jesus, to be crucified for the world, to stakes of the Church. To me there is and of course the inheritance we obbear the sins of the world, and to

no experience sweeter than that which tained from our progenitors. sanctify it from all unrighteousness;

comes from mingling with good people, I am thankful for the library of the that through him all might be saved faithful and devoted people, who love mind and the rich treasures that are whom the Father had put into his the Lord and whose hearts have been stored therein, the treasured memory power and made by him.

and are touched with the fire of the of association with prophets called of I testify that Joseph Smith was a

Holy Ghost, whose souls are filled the Lord in this dispensation, and the prophet of God raised up in this diswith gratitude for the knowledge and words of eternal life that are inspiring pensation, the dispensation of the fulunderstanding that have come to them and cause me to rejoice more and more ness of times, to lay the foundation for through the operation of the Holy each day. this great work upon the earth preparaSpirit, which has borne witness to I am highly honored and yet greatly tory to the coming of the Son of Man,

them that this is the truth, revealed subdued in my feelings that I should be our Lord and Savior, to reign upon the from heaven in answer to sincere and considered worthy of the love and earth in peace and righteousness; and

earnest prayer. As stated by President confidence of the Lord and of his livthat these men of whom I have spoken

Brigham Young on one occasion, in ing prophets to receive the call that have been called of God to represent answer to the question as to what is has come to me to serve as one of the our Savior in building up the Church the difference between our church and chosen servants of the Lord. I am and kingdom of God upon the earth.

other churches, "We have the truth, humbled by my inadequacy, and my Of these things I testify in the name the Gospel includes all truth, wherever constant prayer is and will be that the of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

TheSpiritand PowerofElijah

Elder Theodore M. Burton

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

My brethren, sisters, friends: the we labor diligently to write, to perthe following doctrine one Sabbath day

focal point of all our activity in this suade our children, and also our as he stood up in the synagogue to church centers around Jesus Christ. brethren, to believe in Christ, and to teach the people who called themselves

The Church bears his name. All ordibe reconciled to God; for we know that the children of God.

nance work done in the Church is done it is by grace that we are saved, after "And there was delivered unto him in the name of Jesus Christ by those all we can do."(2 Ne. 25:23.) the book of the prophet Esaias. [We

who bear the priesthood, i.e., who hold It is for this reason that the Book write his name today as Isaiah.] And

this power of Jesus Christ. of Mormon is known as a second witwhen he had opened the book, he

This devout worship of Jesus Christ ness of the divinity of Jesus Christ as found the place where it was written, is in accord with the instruction given the Son of God. "The Spirit of the Lord is upon me,

in the Book of Mormon, where King "... we talk of Christ, we rejoice in because he hath anointed me to preach

Benjamin taught his people: Christ, we preach of Christ, we the gospel to the poor; he hath sent

"And under this head ye are made prophesy of Christ, and we write acme to heal the brokenhearted, to preach free, and there is no other head wherecording to our prophecies, that our deliverance to the captives, and recovby ye can be made free. There is no children may know to what source they ering of sight to the blind, to set at

other name given whereby salvation may look for a remission of their sins."liberty them that are bruised,

cometh...."(Mosiah 5:8.) (2 Ne. 25:26.) "To preach the acceptable year of

The Book of Mormon then explains I turn then to Jesus Christ for my the Lord.

why this scripture was written: "For subject for this sermon. Jesus taught "And he closed the book, and he

Era, December 1970 57 gave it again to the minister, and sat preached to those who were dead, just Thus, those living today must perdown. And the eyes of all them that as Jesus prophesied he would do. form the physical ordinance work on

were in the synagogue were fastened on Jesus actually did open the gates of the the earth that will qualify persons in him. spiritual prison, that those confined the spirit world to receive that proxy

"And. he began to say unto them, therein might live and even be exalted work done for them, even as we living

This day is this scripture fulfilled in if they would accept his doctrine. today receive the proxy work done for

your ears."(Luke 4:1721.) "For Christ also hath once suffered us by Jesus Christ. In other words, we

Such a statement filled his listeners for sins, the just for the unjust, that work in partnership here on the earth with many doubts and apprehensions, he might bring us to God, being put with those missionaries in the spirit yet the doctrine is so important that I to death in the flesh, but quickened by world who preach the gospel of Jesus would like to quote this passage again the Spirit: Christ to those persons living in the

as it is now written in Isaiah: "By which also he went and preached spirit world, that they might be judged

"The Spirit of the Lord God is upon unto the spirits in prison; according to men in the flesh. This

me; because the Lord hath anointed "Which sometimes were disobedient, combination effort can free them from

me to preach good tidings unto the when once the longsuffering of God their spiritual prison and heal their meek; he hath sent me to bind up the waited in the days of Noah, while the bruised souls through Jesus Christ.

brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to ark was a preparing, wherein few, that This is why the members of the Church the captives, and the opening of the is, eight souls were saved by water."who can qualify through righteous

prison to them that are bound; (1 Pet. 3:1820.) living must go to the temple in ever-

"To proclaim the acceptable year Peter also explained why Jesus did increasing numbers and why they of the Lord, and the day of vengeance this work for the dead: must attend the temple more freof our God "(Isa. 61:1-2.) "For for this cause was the gospel quently than they have ever done in

It is amazing to see what happened preached also to them that are dead, the past.

in the minds of his listeners when that they might be judged according The full understanding in our day

Jesus Christ proclaimed this marvelous to men in the flesh, but live according of the importance of Christ's work for doctrine and told the people that this to God in the spirit."(1 Pet. 4:6.) the dead as well as for the living came

work of salvation was his assigned task. Now, how does all this affect us? slowly. Although not understood fully

"And all they in the synagogue, Perhaps I can state it in this way. If at the time, when the angel Moroni

when they heard these things, were Jesus Christ made such a point of stresscame to teach Joseph Smith at the filled with wrath, ing this doctrine in his day, it must opening of this gospel dispensation, he "And rose up, and thrust him out of be just as important for us in our day quoted Malachi as follows:

the city, and led him unto the brow also. Jesus taught that it was important "Behold, I will reveal unto you the

of the hill whereon their city was built, that his gospel be preached to those Priesthood by the hand of Elijah the that they might cast him down headwho lived before he was born as well prophet, before the coming of the great long. as to those then living. It must be just and dreadful day of the Lord.

"But he passing through the midst as important for that gospel to be "And he shall plant in the hearts of them went his way."(Luke 4:2830.) preached since his day to those who of the children the promises made to

Thus Jesus Christ was rejected by have died without hearing these glad the fathers, and the hearts of the chilthe people because he told them what tidings, as well as to those now living dren shall turn to their fathers.

saving work he would do for the capon the earth. "If it were not so, the whole earth

tives then confined to a spiritual prison Where, however, in the socalled would be utterly wasted at his coming."

and for those who had been bruised Christian churches of our day do you (D&C 2:1-3.)

in their souls through iniquity. Instead find that deep concern for those good Thus it was the power of the priestof rejoicing in this liberation, the men and women who died without a hood that was to make this uniting of

people hated Jesus for being so preknowledge of the gospel? Far from beall generations possible, both those

sumptuous as to tell them that he had ing considered, they are ignored by dead and those living. The power to

been anointed to open the prison doors. some and even damned by others. do this work was subject to the restoraEven his very life was threatened. Why are such persons condemned to tion of the keys controlling the sealing

Nevertheless, he continued to preach everlasting damnation, as many church power that Elijah was to give again to this doctrine even more clearly, in the leaders have done in the past and still the earth when so requested by Jesus hopes that people would understand do today, simply because such people Christ.

him and the importance of the work were born at a time and in a place Before the Church was officially eshe had been called to do. Thus he where they could never hear of Jesus tablished, when the socalled "constiexplained: Christ, let alone learn of the message tution"of the Church was laid down

"Verily, verily, I say unto you, He of the resurrection and eternal life? by revelation in Section 20 of the Docthat heareth my word, and believeth How can the physically dead who trine and Covenants, a statement of the

on him that sent me, hath everlasting nevertheless still live in the spirit be universality of the mission of Jesus life, and shall not come into condemprepared for that resurrection which Christ was given which included the nation; but is passed from death unto Paul proclaimed applied to every perdead as well as the living:

life. son born upon this earth? This "Not only those who believed after

"Verily, verily I say unto you, The preaching of the word of God can only he came in the meridian of time, in the hour is coming, and now is, when the be done in the way in which Jesus flesh, but all those from the beginning, dead shall hear the voice of the Son taught that it has to be done. We who even as many as were before he came,

of God: and they that hear shall live. are living today must assist in this... should have eternal life."(D&C

"For as the Father hath life in himwork as was prophesied by Obadiah 20:26. Italics added.)

self; so hath he given to the Son to when he said of the last days: Much of the work we do in the

have life in himself."(John 5:2426.) "And saviours shall come up on Church is preparatory work for us to

It was for this concept of his saving mount Zion to judge the mount of qualify ourselves so that we can be of grace that Jesus gave his life. Peter Esau; and the kingdom shall be the service not only to our fellowmen nowinforms us that the gospel actually was Lord's."(Obad. 21.) living on the earth, but to those who

lived before us. These good men and tion could be continued. As Joseph Prophet Joseph Smith [12th ed.; Salt

women are our ancestors, our fathers Smith said: Lake City: Deseret Book Company,

and our mothers through whose blood "Then what you seal on earth, by 1961], p. 338. Italics added.)

we receive our bodies and our life. the keys of Elijah, is sealed in heaven; I testify of the need to understand

What a debt we owe them to see that 'and this is the power of Elijah, and this the importance of this work of Elijah they too receive eternal life in Jesus is the difference between the spirit and—this work of salvation for the dead

Christ through the work and sacrifices power of Elias and Elijah; for while as well as for the living. I testify of the

we make in their behalf. the spirit of Elias is a forerunner, the divinity of this doctrine of Jesus Christ,

This work of salvation for the dead power of Elijah is sufficient to make which applies to both those living and is so important that Paul stated that our calling and election sure; and the those dead. I testify of the power of

they who are dead cannot be made same doctrine, where we are exhorted to the priesthood by which revelation perfect without our help. (Heb. 11:40.) go on to perfection, not laying again is received and say that Elias has alJoseph Smith added that neither can the foundation of repentance from dead ready come and so has Elijah. The

we be made perfect without doing works, and of laying on of hands, resurkeys they revealed are being used toproxy ordinance work for our deceased rection of the dead, &c. day in The Church of Jesus Christ of

ancestors. (D&C 128:18.) The power "We cannot be perfect without our Latterday Saints to do the total work

of the priesthood was restored so that fathers, &c. We must have revelation of salvation for which Jesus Christ gave

this perfection in uniting all the family from them, and we can see that the his life to accomplish. Thus through

of God who lived in all ages could be doctrine of revelation far transcends the this doctrine and through this priestaccomplished. This priesthood power doctrine of no revelation; for one truth hood power we can unite the whole

was given when Elijah restored the revealed from heaven is worth all the family of God into everlasting life.

sealing power to Joseph Smith in these sectarian notions in existence."(Joseph In the name of Jesus Christ.

latter days so that the work of perfecFielding Smith, Teachings of the Amen. O

Years ago while walking with a wise acquaintance and he does not respond, that Christlike behavior patterns enfriend of mine, we passed one of his that is the last time you have to courage us to be the'same yesterday neighbors as he stood in the front yard bother,"or "if someone shoves you on and forever?

of his home. My friend greeted the the school playground, you shove him The perpetual reactor is an unhappy

man with, "How are you, Bill? It's back."person. His center of personal conduct

good to see you."To this greeting, Bill I have thought many times since is not rooted within himself, where it

didn't even look up. He didn't even this experience that many of us are belongs, but in the world about him.

respond. perpetual reactors. We let other people Some of us on occasion seem to be

"He is an old grouch today, isn't determine our actions and attitudes. standing on the sidelines waiting for

he?"I snapped. We let other people determine whether someone to hurt, ignore, or offend us.

"Oh, he is always that way,"my we will be rude or gracious, depressed We are perpetual reactors. What a

friend responded. or elated, critical or loyal, passive or happy day it will be when we can

"Then why are you so friendly to dedicated. replace hasty reaction with patience

him?"I asked. Do you know people who are cool and purposeful action.

"Why not?"responded my mature toward an acquaintance because last I am acquainted with a man who

friend. "Why should I let him decide time they met she wasn't warm in her has a brother serving time in a state

how I am going to act?"greeting? Do you know people who penitentiary. On several occasions I

I hope I will never forget the lesson have quit praying to the Lord because have asked this friend of mine to of that evening. The important word he hasn't answered (so they think) accompany me to visit his confined

was "act."My friend acted toward their prayers of last month or last year? family member. When asked most repeople. Most of us react. At the time Do you know people who give up on cently, he responded with an emphatic,

it was a strange attitude to me, because others because they don't respond in "No, I don't want to go. It's no use.

I was in grade school and following the ways we think they should? Do He won't talk. He won't listen. He's

the practice of "if you speak to an you know people who fail to realize no good. He will never change."His

Era, December 1970 59 last statement, "He will never change,"responded that they just concentrated The gospel of Jesus Christ is purprompted me to think, "and apparently on the jobs they had to do. They did poseful action. "Ask,""Seek,""Knock,"

neither will you."everything in their power to get back and "Judge not"and "Love"are words

This man is allowing his confined to earth. A terrifying problem was of action, not reaction. Jesus led his

hrother to control his actions; in fact, theirs, but they were determined to fellowmen as a mighty master because

he has created a negative attitude in handle it a step at a time, and hoped "he taught them as one having authorhis relationship. The free man has not and prayed their efforts would succeed. ity, and not as the scribes."(Matt.

maintained a positive drive to do what Through action they overcame fear; 7:29.) Jesus was true to himself and

he feels is right; instead, his brother through action and teamwork they to his Father; and so important to all

has set the pace for both of them—no triumphed. What happened is history, of us, he was true to us.

communication, no visits, no change but the lesson of action is for our use How weak the following reaction in either life. today. philosophies are: "See if your neighbor

What a pleasure it is today to be Shakespeare had a glimpse of the loves you first before you manifest love part of a great action program in the importance of man's personal action toward him.""See if your acquaintance

Church that makes it possible for us when he wrote the following lines in is friendly before you offer your friendto take a prisoner or others with social Hamlet: "This above all: to thine own ship."How powerful the action comproblems from the level we find them self be true, And it must follow, as the mandment of "Thou shalt love thy

and help them move forward. Our connight the day, Thou canst not then be neighbour as thyself."

cern must be to impress our associates false to any man."(Hamlet, Act 2, I humbly pray that we may be men

with the fact there is a better tomorsc. 3.) and women of action, and not let anyrow, and it belongs to those who live Being true to ourselves can mean one else lead us from his paths. If we

for it! Forgiveness and repentance are knowing where we are, where we are follow the teachings of this great gospel

action principles. What a blessing it going and why, and assisting our assoof Jesus Christ to the fullest of our

is in our lives when we come to realize ciates in traveling the right paths ability, it can truthfully be said of us, there is hope and help for all of us with us. through our actions also, that we "inin the days ahead, regardless of where Scriptures such as "be ye doers of creased in wisdom and stature, and in

we find ourselves at this hour. the word..."(Jas. 1:22), and "But favour with God and man."(Luke

When Jim Lovell of Apollo 13 my disciples shall stand in holy places, 2:52.)

radioed across almost a quarter of a and shall not be moved..."(D&C We start to fail in our homes when

million miles of space to Houston, 45:32) take on new significance as we we give up on a family member. We

Texas, a few months ago that somerealize our responsibility to act and fail in our positions of leadership when thing had gone wrong in their spacenot react. we react by saying, "It's no use, they

craft, he taught the world a mighty Our Prophet Joseph Smith was a won't come.""It's no use, they won't

lesson with his statement: "We've got man of action. Torture, belittlement, respond."Let us thrust in our sickles

a problem."Here were three brave and all manner of inhumane affliction, with all of our might in the fields in

men on a voyage to the moon faced including a pending martyr's death, which we have been called, and not with the staggering realization they did not halt nor even slow down his spend our time reacting to the location might never see the earth again. Somelife of purposeful action. He acted as or type of crop we have been called to

thing had gone wrong. What do they one totally committed to "I am not harvest.

do now? Act or react? Instead of ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it I bear witness to you that the gospel

demanding, "Who's responsible for this is the power of God unto salvation...."of Jesus Christ is ah action way of life

error?"his statement, "We've got a (Rom. 1:16.) He didn't just think and that the gospel of Jesus Christ is

problem,"rallied our best to their about the gospel or react to it; he lived true. May our Heavenly Father help

.support. When Jim Lovell and his it. He was true to himself and to those us to actively be about his business I

crewmates were later asked if they had principles he valued more than life pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

fears of not reaching earth again, they itself. Amen. O

My brethren and sisters: How dethe East. One day as he visited one of she was to do in completing what she

lightful it is to be here today. Sometime the classes in a school, the teacher had had started. As Brother Rose apago Brother Guy B. Rose, who is the students drawing on the board proached her, he asked if she was havusually present on the front row of something that would be representative ing trouble. She said, "Yes. How do

these meetings, told me of an interof Thanksgiving. All were busy comyou draw God?"She had ably poresting experience in his work. He had pleting their sketches, but one child trayed the mountains, the trees, and the

been a superintendent of schools in was obviously concerned about what boy kneeling under the trees in an

attitude of prayer but was confused as an earth, the same as Jesus Christ in the first vision, in the opening of to how to draw God. Brother Rose himself did."(Teachings of the Prophet this dispensation, in which he saw the

quickly assured her that God was a Joseph Smith, pp. 34546.) Father and the Son. Whatever his conman, that he looked much like men The scriptures are clear as they cept of God might have been, there

on earth, that men are created in the teach us of God. In the story of the was now no doubt in his mind as to

image of God. creation as recorded in Genesis, it God and Christ. This understanding

Men everywhere seem to be constates: "And God said, Let us make was his because he saw them and

fused as to what God is like. Strange, man in our image, after our likeness: heard and conversed with them. The

incomprehensible concepts of God have and let them have dominion over the Father spoke to him and introduced the been taught apparently to enlighten fish of the sea, and over the fowl of men, but in their uncertainness they the air, and over the cattle, and over only tend to further confuse men. all the earth, and over every creeping

The Reverend Harold O. }. Brown, thing that creepeth upon the earth.

in his book The Protest of a Troubled "So God created man in his own

Protestant, expresses his concern over image, in the image of God created the fact that in many of the pulpits he him; male and female created he

today, ministers are getting away from them."(Gen. 1:2627.)

the strict concepts of the Bible. He Jesus spoke of God as a just and lovsaid, "People are being converted to ing Father, dwelling in the heavens.

the most fanciful cults from the very His teachings were explicit as to the parishes in which the clergy are unnature and character of God the willing to preach historic Christian Father. Unto Thomas he said: "If ye

doctrine. They fear being thought outhad known me, ye should have known

ofdate and therefore incredible."(Pp. my Father also: and from henceforth

2021.) ye know him, and have seen him."

As Paul came to the Athenian saints, (John 14:7.)

he found them worshiping false gods Philip said unto the Lord: "... shew

and called them to repentance. He us the Father, and it sufficeth us.

said: "... I perceive that in all things "Jesus saith unto him, Have I been

ye are too superstitious. so long time with you, and yet hast

"For as I passed by, and beheld your thou not known me, Philip? he that Son. Listen to the words of the Prophet

devotions, I found an altar with this hath seen me hath seen the Father; Joseph as he describes his vision:...

inscription, TO THE UNKNOWN and how sayest thou then, Shew us When the light rested upon me I saw

GOD. Whom therefore ye ignorantly the Father?"(John 14:8-9.) two Personages, whose brightness and

worship, him declare I unto you. Paul plainly told the Hebrew saints glory defy all description, standing

"God that made the world and all that Christ was in the image of God. above me in the air. One of them

things therein, seeing that he is Lord "God, who at sundry times and in spake unto me, calling me by name of heaven and earth, dwelleth not in divers manners spake in time past unto and said, pointing to the other This temples made with hands; the fathers by the prophets, is My Beloved Son. Hear Him!"

"... as though he needed any thing, "Hath in these last days spoken unto (Joseph Smith 2:17.)

seeing he giveth to all life, and breath, us by his Son, whom he hath appointed In a revelation to the Prophet Joseph and all things; heir of all things, by whom also he Smith in 1843, it is declared: "The

"For in him we live, and move, and made the worlds; Father has a body of flesh and bones

have our being; as certain also of your "Who being the brightness of his as tangible as man's; the Son also;

own poets have said, For we are also glory, and the express image of his but the Holy Ghost has not a body of his offspring. person, and upholding all things by flesh and bones, but is a personage of

"Forasmuch then as we are the offthe word of his power, when he had Spirit. Were it not so, the Holy Ghost

spring of God, we ought not to think by himself purged our sins, sat down could not dwell in us."(D&C 130:22.)

that the Godhead is like unto gold, or on the right hand of the Majesty on It is necessary to believe in God as a silver, or stone, graven by art and high."(Heb. 1:1-3.) personal, corporeal being in order to

man's device. I believe sincerely that our faith in understand that he can reveal himself

"And the times of this ignorance God, our works of righteousness, and to man as he did to the Prophet Joseph

God winked at; but now commandeth our sincerity of purpose are greatly Smith in open vision. One who

all men every where to repent."(Acts determined by our concept and underdoesn't believe in a personal God may

17:2225, 2830.) standing of God. If, like the young also believe in revelation, but it would

The Savior indicated the great imlady trying to draw God, I can't visualbe the kind of revelation that would be portance of knowing God, as he prayed ize him, if I don't really know him, compatible with his concept of God.

unto the Father before his crucifixion: how can my faith in him be strong? Brother William E. Berrett made an

"And this is life eternal, that they How can I really pray to someone I interesting observation as to the immight know thee the only true God. don't know? portance of our concept of the nature

and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast It is really "life eternal"to know of God in.reference to revelation. He

sent."(John 17:3.) God; that he is a personal being; that said: "Any discussion of revelation reThe Prophet Joseph Smith taught, he is the Father of our spirits; that we volves basically around our concept of

"It is the first principle of the Gospel are his children; that he has concern the nature of God. Unless we conceive

to know for a certainty the Character for us; that there is a meaningful plan God in the same light we never arrive

of God, and to know that we may in which we might regain his presence at the same conclusions in regard to converse with him as one man conand have eternal life with him. revelation."

verses with another, and that he was The understanding of the nature of Brother Berrett illustrates this once a man like us; yea, that God God and his Son Jesus Christ was imthought by referring to the viewpoint

himself, the Father of us all, dwelt on pressed upon the Prophet Joseph Smith of a great contemporary thinker in the

Era, December 1970 61 field of religion, Dr. Henry Wieman He would reject the reality of heavenly enthroned in yonder heavens! That is

of the University of Chicago. messengers, and the reality of any the great secret. If the veil were

"Both Dr. Wieman and I,"he said, direct words from God to man.... rent today, and the great God, who

"believe in God, but our concepts are "This then is the real nature and holds this world in its orbit, and wholly different, for I conceive God as place of revelation. It is not a miracuwho holds all worlds and all things by

a perfected corporeal personality, while lous giving of knowledge. But it is His power, was to make himself visible

Dr. Wieman would think the idea of that change in personality which, in—I say, if you were to see him today,

a personal God as juvenile, and for one way or another, is required before you would see him like a man in form himself conceives Him as the sum man can get any knowledge of anylike yourselves in all the person, image, total of all that is good and progressive thing that lies outside the range of his and very form as a man; for Adam was

in the Universe. To quote his words: established organization of interest. It created in the very fashion, image and

"'God is not a personality, but God is a reorganization of his interests likeness of God, and received instrucis more worthful than any personality which enables him to know a new tion from, and walked, talked and could be. God is not nature and He kind of reality,"(From an address conversed with Him, as one man talks

is not the universe; He is the growth given at LDS Department of Educaand communes with another."(Docuof living connections of value in the tion Regional Convention, November mentary History of the Church, vol. 6,

universe. If one wishes he can say, 8, 1941, in William E. Berrett, Con- p. 305.)

this is not God but it is the work of tinuous Revelation in the Church, In the Sermon on the Mount, the

Practically asGod. Savior gave us the key to the 6.) need "it comes to the same p.

thing.'really Father the only is it important in our of knowing when Not

Elder Berrett continues, "Having diunderstanding of revelation to know he said: "Be ye therefore perfect, even

vergent views as to the personality of God, but our understanding of all the as your Father which is in heaven is

God it follows that we must have principles of the gospel are greatly inperfect."(Matt. 5:48.)

divergent views upon the matter of fluenced by our concept of him as a It is man's purpose in life to learn revelation from Him. Both Dr. Wiepersonal, loving Father and of the great to know God, to know the nature and

man and I believe in revelation as a plan of salvation that he has provided kind of being God is, and then to concontinuous principle of life but when for all his children. The kind of a form to his laws and ordinances; to

we use that term we are thinking of God as described by the Prophet Joseph progress, to be exalted to that high entirely different things. Dr. Wieman Smith makes me understand him as state wherein man becomes perfect as

would not accept such a vision, as that my literal Father in heaven. He said: the Father is perfect.

to Joseph Smith in the grove because "God himself was once as we are May we be able to do this, I pray it does violence to his concept of God. now, and is an exalted man, and sits in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

I remember a story told by a forest As he moved to get a closeup shot incidents about parents who for some ranger about a tourist coming to a naof the playful cubs, he inadvertently unexplainable reason abandon their tional park to take pictures of wildlife. came between the cubs and the mother children. While these actions can and

Not far from the campground he found bear, who was in the trees a short disshould be condemned, nonetheless, we what he was looking for—twin bear tance off. The bear struck out immeseem to live in a day and age where

cubs rummaging around in a garbage diately for her cubs, and a near there is another kind of abandonment, dump, half playing, half looking for disaster was averted when a passerby, which is almost worse than a mother dinner. Grabbing his camera, he pronoticing the scene, alerted the tourist, leaving an unwanted baby on a doorceeded to take a series of pictures from who demonstrated unusual athletic step.

a number of different angles. In his ability as he vacated the garbage pit. What I am talking about is the

haste, he failed to realize that when We often hear of the ferocity with temptation of parents to give up on you find bear cubs in the forest, the which animals protect their young, and their children, especially when those mother bear is never very far away. usually these stories are associated with children seem to flaunt and disregard

the laws of morality and conduct, which the parents hold dear and which govern the home, and when the children seem to rebel against every effort parents make to correct their behavior or show them a better way.

At least a baby who has been left on a doorstep will be looked after by the appropriate agencies, and usually placed in a home where parents who want it will adopt it and love it and raise it as their own.

A boy or a girl who has been given up by his or her parents because they (the children) are off on the wrong foot and possibly even surly and rebellious to any parental effort is in a much more serious predicament. When

the hard times come—and they will

who is going to care if the parents don't?

The tragedy of our times as we look around us is that we see too many young people cut adrift—some of them

in trouble and some of them causing trouble for society. Perhaps it is hard

to realize that our Eternal Father also refers to these as son or daughter; and

if we are to understand the parable of the lost sheep, perhaps they are even a little more important to him in that they are not safely in the fold.

Society has given us a thousand reaof the night in bed with them, just as table, walked down the hall, and then sons why some begin to rebel and she must have done as a child when came back and said, "I've got news for wander. Yet, -I can't help but feel that she had a nightmare. She had no real you, son. Either you abide by the rules

in many cases it all must come back to rest until her father finally gave her or you can find a room elsewhere in those who gave them life and those a blessing, which seemed to ease her three days, not three months."

who somewhere along the line gave mental and physical torture. He was shocked. But the next day he

up on them, either by deserting them or This happened to be the turning did get a job, and he soon moved out.

ignoring them or simply not caring point in this girl's life. She said she Leaving home, however, did not mean

enough to build their children into always knew it was wrong but was just giving up membership in the family.

their lives. determined to rebel. Bit by bit she has "I let him know that the door was

I had a young girl come in to see me now put her life back together again, always open,"she said. "I went to see

the other day, a beautiful girl, neat and although she still has a way to go, his new apartment, took an interest in and clean, giving a good appearance. she is going to make it now. his new job, invited him for a snack

But the story she told was anything but She had a father, you see, who never when he finished moving his things clean, and far from beautiful. gave up on her. out. And he knew that coming home

From her early teenage years, she Another experience comes to mind would never be interpreted as a defeat had become involved in drugs. It beabout a mother and her 18year-old for him, but as a new decision.

came so bad that at one time in her son, not of our faith. Let me quote her "He had several jobs,"said the

life she had moved away from her story. mother; "one in a restaurant. But

family and was more or less drifting "Three years ago my son made a new while he was working out problems for from one pot party to another. She had friend—his first link with 'the drug himself, he also was ready to put himtaken up the socalled hippie culture scene.'I tried very hard to let him self out to help others. Eventually he

and was high on drugs most of the know what this boy was and to say, became a fulltime staff member at time. 'You don't need drugs in your life.'Project Place, a center for runaways

"Strangely enough,"she says, "durBut he ignored me. Aside from movand people with drug problems.

ing all this time my father never gave ing away, there seemed to be nothing "From time to time, he would come up on me, and although I knew I was I could do. to see me,"continued the mother, "and

breaking my parents'hearts, I could "As my noes became more numerous, I would ask him, 'Where are you at?

always go home to my father and know his rejections became unbearable.... Are you ready to come home?'One day

that he loved me, and that he wouldn't One night at the dinner table he anhe decided he was, and he moved back condemn me as an individual, although nounced, 'I won't obey the rules in this in. He had lost his preoccupation with

he condemned everything that I did."house any longer.'He said that as soon drugs."

This girl went on to say that one as he saved enough money, in about Then the mother made a very signifinight she had what she called a bad three months, he was going to move cant point. She said, "My son has

trip; I believe she referred to it as out. 'Until then,'he said, Tm going made some mistakes, experienced some

didn't to but I such probably"freaking out."a to say, smoke what pain have to, She said he I want say what it was

Iterrifying she out rejecting to smoke.'what's think experience that went he has come want

home to her parents and spent the rest The mother said she got up from the wrong in the world and taking upon

Era, December 1970 63 himself what is real and beautiful.... planning to desert her. The newspaper I pray that we might not let them

I think a child has a right to be right account was graphic. You could picdown.

and a right to be wrong, and to know ture the little girl, a tear in her eye, "... But when he was yet a great

that his parents will stay with him lower lip quivering, but holding fast way off, his father saw him, and had through it all."(Christian Science to the rail as cars and huge trucks compassion, and ran, and fell on his

Monitor, September 9, 1970.) went roaring by on each side, not darneck, and kissed him.

Perhaps you remember a story that ing to let go because daddy had told "And the son said unto him, Father, took place a few months ago. It apher to hold on—standing there deter- I have sinned against heaven, and in

peared in most of the newspapers. A mined, waiting patiently, for a mother thy sight, and am no more worthy to

little girl was found clinging to a fence and father who never intended to be called thy son.

that divides a super freeway in one of return. "But the father said to his servants,

the world's largest cities. The police Oh, parents, no matter what the difBring forth the best robe, and put it

were summoned, and as they brought ficulty, -may we never desert our chilon him; and put a ring on his hand,

the girl to safety, she unfolded this dren in some dark and dangerous and shoes on his feet:

pathetic story. thoroughfare of life, no matter what "For this my son was dead, and is

It was her parents, you see, who put prompted them to get there. When alive again; he was lost, and is

"(Luke 15:2022, 24.)her there. They had said, "Now hang they reach the point—and for some it foundon to the fence and don't let go for any may be a painfully long time—when In the name of Jesus Christ.

reason."Then the parents drove off, they reach the point that they need us. Amen. O

My brothers and sisters and friends: Without love, the world will continue of perfection and peace. It is the old,

The scriptures teach us that our God is in turmoil with worsening conditions the new, and the great commandment, a God of love. It is the greatest until it is steeped in wickedness and for love is the fulfilling of the law.

thing God can give us and the greatsin, at which time the judgments of Love is manifest in charity of the est thing we can give him. The true God will fall upon the unrighteous of soul. It is made up of many things,

measure of loving God is to love him the earth. The cures for all the ills all of which lead to a high idealism in

without measure. His love toward us and wrongs, the cares, the sorrows, and standards of living, personal behavior,

was manifested when he sent his Only the crimes of humanity lie in one and purpose. It is expressed in ChristBegotten Son into the world that we word—love. like example, in words, in actions, in

might live through him. (See 1 John Love, if used in its proper context, thoughtful attentions and kindly deeds.

4:9.) will hold the peoples of the world toLove is not real when one demands

A degree of the love between the gether in understanding and peace. attentions and fancied needs, then is

Eternal Father and his Only Begotten Today the most trampledupon ingredinot appreciative of them and gives

Son has existed between other fathers ent for a happy and joyous life is the nothing in return for the favors reand sons. We should not feel that such word love. ceived. That attitude is one of pure

love is beyond our ability to receive 'If the tender, profound, and sympaselfishness and reflects a lack of gratiand to give. We may not be able to thizing love practiced and recomtude, decency, and respect. Such a

match the perfect love shown to us by mended by Jesus were paramount in person is selfcentered and cares not for the Savior, because Christ is the epievery heart, the loftiest and most glorihis failure to acknowledge courtesy or tome of this Godgiven quality, but it ous ideals of human society would be express thanks and appreciation.

is a goal toward which all of us should realized and little would be wanting Love is the purification of the heart.

strive. to make this world a kingdom of It strengthens character and gives a

The most important need of the heaven. Love is indeed heaven upon higher motive and a positive aim to

world today to remedy its follies and the earth, since heaven above would every action of life. The power to love

problems is for man to return to God not be heaven without it. truly and devotedly is the noblest gift

in love and obedience to his will. The apostle Paul calls love the bond with which a human being can be

endowed. True love is eternal and infitheir wishes. When there is mutual "For whom the Lord loveth he cornite. It is equal and pure without love and respect in the home, there is rected!; even as a father the son in

violent actions and demonstrations, a desire to please. Girls and boys would whom he delighteth."(Prov. 3:1112.)

which are so much in evidence today. probably dress in a more modest way When parents think only of their

Love begins in the home by conif they felt their parents cared about own pleasures and friends, where does genial parents bestowing affection and how they look. this leave the child? When they enloving care upon their children. They Recently in Australia I noticed most deavor to keep their "social standing,"

deal in kindness and understanding, of the girls were wearing extremely the child is left alone while parents seeking the love and confidence of their short miniskirts that left nothing to participate in other activities away from sons and daughters. They also show the imagination. The appearance was home. They give the child full use of

concern about the welfare and happimost immodest and scandalous, but the the home with all kinds of refreshness of their children. girls seemed unashamed, unembarments arid feel that if the child has

The apostle Paul gave this wise rassed, and at perfect ease. Obviously some of his friends in, it can compencounsel: "But if any provide not for these girls have no one interested sate for their not being with him.

his own, and specially for those of his enough to guide them in their mode of Then what happens? Children are

own house, he hath denied the faith, dress. Perhaps it is because their mothalone for an evening—often until the

and is worse than an infidel."(1 Tim. ers also are clad in miniskirts and fail wee hours of the morning. What do

5:8.) to set a personal example of. modesty. they do when they get bored? The

Physical and temporal needs for These same conditions prevail also in answer may shock and upset many children do not fulfill their most pressour own country. neglectful parents.

ing wants. Parents'righteous teachings Shortly after the miniskirt came into Our beloved late President David

and good example are so important. vogue, a woman dress designer was O. McKay has said: "Another element

The family should be unified by a asked in a radio interview if the miniwhich makes for a happy home life is closeknit relationship, doing things skirt was contributing to the moral mutual service, each member of the together, loving each other, and endelinquency of young girls. She anhome working for the other...."

joying each other's companionship. swered with a positive yes. The statis- (Treasures of Life [Deseret Book Co.,

The first emotion a child learns and tics of unwed mothers has proved this 1965], p. 330.) That home is most

needs is love. The first emotion he statement to be true. Will mothers and beautiful in which you find each perexpresses is love. A child reacts to love daughters continue to wear immodest son striving to serve the other. A child

—or to the lack of it. What is sweeter clothing, or is it time to get out the has the right to feel that in his home

than having a child put his arms sewing machine and attire themselves he has a place of refuge, a place around your neck and saying, "I love in respectable standards of dress? of protection from the dangers and

you."Love is the real basis of life. A family discussion of dress standards evils of the out,side world. Family

If parents are immature and cannot in a weekly family home evening unity and integrity are necessary to supsettle their differences without anger, could change these improper dress ply this need. He needs parents who

fighting, and namecalling, a child styles to those of modesty—and this are happy in their adjustment to each

becomes most insecure, and as he grows applies to boys as well as girls. In the other, who are working happily toward

older he is apt to take up with the spirit of love and wise parental teachthe fulfillment of an ideal of living, wrong type of friends just to get away ing, many of the problems of today's who love their children with a sincere from an unhappy home environment. youth can be corrected. and unselfish love; in short, who are

Let us look at some undesirable Former President Joseph F. Smith wellbalanced individuals, gifted with

things that can happen when a growgave this warning: "... parents in Zion a certain amount of insight, who are

ing child feels unloved and neglected will be held responsible for the acts of able to provide the child with a wholeat home. He is often found with their children, not only until they besome emotional background which will

questionable companions—persons

lower standards than his own—simplywith comethroughouteight allyearsthe old,lives but,of theirperhaps,chilcontributethan materialmoreadvantages.to his development

to feel that he is somebody. Unfordren, provided they have neglected their One of the soundest and safest bultunately, that person rarely brings duty while they were under their warks of society that is being underothers up to his standards of living, but guidance...."(Gospel Doctrine, 1966, mined today is the family. Modern

usually lowers himself to the level of p. 286.) life is disintegrating the very foundahis socalled friends. Often the duty parents neglect is tion of the home. In the wellordered

Girls particularly who feel unloved failure to correct and discipline their home, where confidence and love abide, are more willing to give of themselves children. Permissiveness does not show you will find life at its best. There is

to the smoothtalking boy. They will love—nor can you buy a child's love. no real home without love. Homes

sacrifice chastity just to get love. Where You cannot ignore his misdeeds and let are made permanent through love.

does the real blame of this tragedy bethem go unnoticed. When a child "Love, it has been said, flows downlong—with the girl who so desperately does wrong, he should expect to be ward. The love of parents for their

needs to be loved or with the parents punished accordingly. However, this children has always been far more

who failed in their responsibility to should not be done in anger. Often a powerful than that of children for their

make their love known to her? parent can better communicate with parents; and who among the sons of

And what about the boy? What his child following the punishment. A men ever loved God with a thousandth

kind of teaching and love has he reloving arm about the child manifests part of the love which God has maniceived in his home? How will he treat the love the parent feels, and often fested to us?"(Hare.)

and protect the girls he dates, as a opens the door of communication beParents and youth are forgetting result of his home life? tween them. When children are ready what pure love really means. The

When children are left to fend for to talk, that is the time for parents to meaning has not changed; but, like

themselves, it often destroys the spirilisten, regardless of the hour. so many other virtues accepted as estual and orderly environment of the Solomon counseled: "My son, despise sential to proper standards of behavior,

home. If children feel that their parnot the chastening of the Lord; neither it is being chipped away until the real

ents really care, they will respond to be weary of his correction: meaning is so adulterated that hate is

Era, December 1970 65 becoming more and more a substitute. sure upon one's time is consuming. mighty and not to be forgotten.

How can a man or woman say they Many fathers neglect families. Working "Always remember, I love you all.

love each other and become sexually mothers with children at home do likeYou are the spirit children of God.

involved with someone else? How is it wise. Find the time to do things toYour father and I have been entrusted

that by our actions we hurt those whom gether as a family. in this mortal life to be your parents,

we should love the most? I wish to share with you, in part, a so live that we can once again be. a

What about parents who break up testimony of Sister Davidina Bailey, a family throughout the eternities."

their homes? Who suffers most, the devoted mother, looking into the future May God grant us parents the love,

parents or the children? The selfishfor the care, welfare, direction, and wisdom, and good judgment to plan

ness of some people is appalling. The happiness of her children. This was effectively for the care, welfare, and

breaking of marriage vows and covewritten 16 years before her death this happiness of our children. May we

nants does not seem to be significant past July. It is a most beautiful tribute help them to live righteously, to love

or meaningful. from a mother who truly loved her truth, and to do good.

It is most important that parents children. May God bless youth to follow the

remain together and hold their family "I have lain awake tonight and canwise teachings of loving and exemplary in an ideal relationship. Parents, do not sleep, which is unusual for me as I parents and all live together in undernot fail to hold the weekly family am a good sleeper. I wish to leave this standing, harmony, and peace.

home evening. It will draw your chilmessage to you, my children.... If I humbly pray, my brothers and

dren closer to you and you to them. you love me... keep the commandsisters, that we shall teach the gospel,

Pray with your family. Establish the ments of God, for my sake, if not for its principles, its standards, its ideals

traditions of righteousness in your your own, as I would want you to be to our children, and set the kind of home. Develop love, companionship, with me unto whatsoever glory your example that we can say to them,

and unity. Watch trends—are they up father and I attain to. "Come, follow me and do the things

or down? Remember, where family "I charge you... do not stray from you have seen me do."

ends, delinquency begins. this gospel if I am not here to look after I love the Church. I know it is true.

How blessed is the family where you in this life. Do not be jealous of I know the gospel is the plan of life

love abides. How blessed are the chilone another, as I have loved you all the Lord has given to guide and direct

dren whose fondest memories are those the same. I have tried to be fair to us as we meet all the conditions present

of a happy childhood and youth. all of you.... Do not reprove each in the world today. May he keep us

Parents, take time to give your children other.... Do not look for worldly firm and steadfast and true in the

these happy years and happy memories. pleasures. Be alert to the powers of path of righteousness, I humbly pray

The world is moving fast. The presSatan and his angels, for his power is in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Saturday morning session, October 3, 1970

"BearYe One Another's Burdens'

Elder Marion D. Hanks

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

There was a tear at our house this Thank God for that straightforward was conducted through the rest of the morning when the incident President address by President Tanner. building. He saw the cultural hall

Lee referred to was discussed [the Three recent experiences form the where drama and music and recreacrash in Colorado of a plane carrying core of my message this morning. I tional dancing and sports activities are

University of Wichita football players would like to relate them briefly. enjoyed; he saw the Scout room and

to Logan, Utah, for a game at Utah In the northwestern area of the the Junior Sunday School room, the

State University], and also as we read United States an alert young adult, classrooms where we learn and teach.

in another less prominent place in the who is actively involved in his own He was shown photographs of mispaper of the loss of a comparable numchurch, attended an open house at a sionaries at their work across the world, ber of lives in a crash overseas among new Mormon. Church structure with of a baptism, of a family home evening

service people. We join in compassion. a friend. He was respectfully responwhere parents and children were picThis is an emphasis again on the sive as he viewed the lovely chapel tured in counsel, at prayer, and at

ephemeral nature of mortal life and where our people worship and then play. He listened to the principles of

the importance of enduring principles. became increasingly interested as he temple marriage, this uniting of a

couple and a family for time and etercerity and a sense of urgency. Each is principles applied and had accepted

nity. He heard about the priesthood pursuing advanced university training; them.

and its importance as a man presides each is working to serve the special There are many strong efforts in the in love as the head of his home, and needs of those with whom he shares Church to bring the principles of the teaches and blesses his family. proud heritage. gospel of Jesus Christ and the full imFinally, he stopped at the lovely ReThe two were interviewed separately pact of his church into the lives of its

lief Society room, where he heard the by a civic comittee seeking help from members and all who will participate.

story of the honored role of women in them in understanding the problems A number of these have gained wide their homes and in the Church and of their people and offering possible attention and respect: the youth and

where he heard one of the ladies who solutions. Each answered searching welfare programs, the family home

was explaining the program that evequestions knowledgeably, effectively, evening, military relations activities, ning refer to another as "sister."He earnestly. When asked what could be Indian placement. In educational efinquired about this and was told that done to help, each responded repeatfort, missionary work, genealogical

in the Church a woman is often called edly and firmly that what his people undertakings, home teaching, student "sister"as a man is called "brother."need is not handouts but opportunities, wards and stakes, and other correlated

The visitor shook his head in wonequal opportunities in order that efforts, the Church is effectively servderment and said, "Every woman a through their own efforts they can ing the Lord's children.

sister, every man a priest, and every reach the goal. They will do the rest All of these are praiseworthy enhome a parish in itself."themselves. Both pointed to faith in deavors, but we are clearly aware that

Last week a wonderful young lady God and a religious commitment as it is not the programs of the Church just beginning her university training basic needs of their people, and each themselves that save; yet it is often

talked with me about her experience explained that active involvement in through the programs that the love as a youth representative on governThe Church of Jesus Christ of Latterand graciousness of God are expressed mental agencies studying problems of day Saints is the key to his own growth and communicated.

young people who have been involved and development. How had this blessAs I think of the wide efforts of our

with drugs. Earnestly and often tearing come about? people in these various ways, three

fully she related the feelings she had To the young MexicanAmerican, other related words come to mind of had as she learned about the breadth it was through a school administrator which, with their meanings, we must of this problem in various cities across in a small LDS community in Nevada continually remind ourselves. If we

America, and as she had discussed it where the verbal answers concerning had a giant chalkboard upon which I not only in the council room with exsalvation and redemption through could write, I would like to print in perts from various disciplines, but on Christ had been personalized in the large letters three words: OBJECthe streets, in the communes, in cusexperience of kindness and concern and TIVES, PRINCIPLES, SPIRIT. May

todial and treatment centers, and in contagious love. There the young man I comment briefly about them?

many personal conversations with dishad found not only the answers which affected young people. She repeated gave meaning to life, but direction and OBJECTIVES

some of what she had heard from these inspiration and purpose in living it.

alienated and confused and fearful The love he found came not chiefly Recently we have been discussing youngsters, of heartbreaking scenes and from books or sermons or lessons, but throughout the stakes of the Church troubles. from persons in a community of saints the great effort currently being made

"And what about you,"I asked her. who were able and willing to give it. to keep closely in touch with our young

"What has this done to you? What For the partIndian it had been a men in the military forces, to prepare

did you have to say to them?"man living next door, a Mormon bishthem for the experiences they face in

Through the tears and the sweet op whose interest and kindness had military service away from home. Alcompassion and concern came answers operied his heart and his home to this ways as we discuss the operation and

I can only abstract this morning: "I've youngster. There he found acceptance mechanics of this important activity

never been so grateful,"she said. "I and affection and unconditional love. we are asking ourselves the meaning

found myself talking about the things Theological answers the little boy was of it, the purpose and goal for which

I've been learning all my life—the imnot prepared to understand; loving it has been established.

portance of faith in God, of genuine concern he could readily comprehend. The answer is in the boy sitting

concern for others, of commitment Through the life of a good man he against the bulkhead of the Navy ship to Christ; the need for goals, for learned to care about and to know reading a letter from his bishop or

work, for prayer; the significance of Christ. from his quorum at home. It is in the

a selfimage based on selfdiscipline, To summarize these three incidents, young man wading through the refl responsible relationships, worthwhile then, the man who visited the church dust of Takhli or Nakhon Phanom or accomplishments, rather than on the building in the Northwest only dimly the heat or rain of the Delta to get temporary, the trivial, the tainted."understood on first contact much of to his group meeting with three or

Many of them, she said, were critical what he saw, but he had caught a four or a dozen other members of the of their parents and the older generaglimpse of what can be. Church to partake of the sacrament

tion, and "I found myself wondering The lovely girl to whom I listened of the Lord's Supper and to participate what their descendants would have to had found many who had no conin the worship service that will thank some of them for."sciousness at all of being children of strengthen him against envelopment

The third incident involved two God, who were frantically trying to arby the hollow world around him.

young men, one a young American range, in the words of a wise observer, In the Church's educational effort born in Mexico who had started ninth "some acceptable horizontal relationthe objective is the young man or grade at the age of 19, while still a ship with their social environment,"woman surrounded by issues and presmigrant farm worker, the other a partinstead of seeking to establish a "susures and voices of unwisdom, needing

Indian, born in a small village near the premely important vertical relationship the stabilizing strength of the Lord reservation where many of his relatives with God."She learned again the imand the companionship of others who

lived. Both of them were handsome, portance of the principles of Christ. know the way.

articulate, exuding strength and sinThe two young men had seen those In the priesthood quorums the obEra, December 1970 67 jective is those who are accounted for, feel his Father's way inefficient and "Bear ye one another's burdens, and and the prodigal; in the auxiliaries, imperfect. He rebelled, and misled and so fulfil the law of Christ.

every available individual. What was led away a multitude of his Father's "For if a man think himself to be

quoted this morning? The work and children. something, when he is nothing, he dethe glory of God is to bring to pass Christ loved his Father and desired ceived himself."(Gal. 6:1-3.)

the immortality and eternal life of to do his will. He used his agency to Alma, who also knew error and reman. willingly accept the responsibility to morse, prayed for the apostate ZoramIn every effort of the Church the open the door to salvation and to ites: "Behold, O Lord, their souls are

purpose is to tie in God's children to eternal life to every individual child of precious, and many of them are our his community and kingdom, to bless God who would manifest his accepbrethren; therefore, give unto us, O

the individual with a knowledge of his tance of the gift and his love of the Lord, power and wisdom that we may origins and heritage, a sense of his giver by obeying his commandments. bring these, our brethren, again unto

purpose and a plan to fulfill it, and a Tillich has spoken of God's love as thee."(Al. 31:35.)

vision of his eternal potential. It is to "ultimate concern"—that is, that God The programs of the Church are imstrengthen and qualify God's children cares about us as much as can be. We portant, but they are not ends in themin the application of the eternal prinare here to learn to care that much selves. They permit organized efforts

ciples we have been discussing here; about each other. to be made to reach and bless the

to learn and to serve, to grow and to I often think of the young bishop individual. They are designed to help

give. It is to help him face the burnwho, against pressures and problems God's children to achieve the purposes

ing, urgent problems of the moment, and at considerable inconvenience, of the Lord for them, to operate in the grateful for his relationship with God traveled to another city to visit a beprinciple of real love, to be impleand for the great marvel of being reaved widow on the eve of her husmented in the spirit of compassion and alive to the richness of life; to revere band's funeral. The couple had long contrition. They are to help us bear

God, who demands and expects somesince moved from the bishop's area, one another's burdens and thus fulthing important of him. but he had made the effort to be with fill the law of Christ.

The objective of it all, then, is not his good, wonderful old friends at this The basic problem of our time is counting the sheep but feeding them, tender time. He found the elderly loneliness—the insecurity and anxiety

not the proliferation of buildings or lady standing alone beside the body of that come with separation from God, units or organizations or statistics, but her beloved of more than half a cenand from one's fellowmen, and from a the blessing of the individual child tury. As he comforted her she said sense of alienation from self that is

of God. through her tears, "Oh bishop, I knew almost always present. The source of

Christ, we know, had a great interyou would come."reconciliation and wholeness is Jesus

est in human beings of every descrip- I think, too, of an admired friend Christ.

tion, and great love for them. He who has written of the night he took The function of the true Church of

companied with little children, sought his little boys to an outing. They had Christ is to provide for the individual

out the sinner; he summoned men to the whole package of games and goodthat concerned, loving, accepting, forfollow him from the fishing boat and ies. On the way home one little boy giving community, animated by the

the counting table. So conscious was went to sleep on the back seat of the spirit of Christ, in which the individual

he of individuals that in the midst of automobile, and his daddy took off his can find a place, establish true friendthe multitude he felt the woman's coat and covered the lad. The other ships, and gain confidence in God's

touch of his robe. He memorialized in youngster cuddled up by dad as they presence.

a magnificent parable the selfless condrove home, discussing the exciting Through it every woman will have sideration of a despised Samaritan toevents of the evening. The little boy opportunity ultimately to become what

ward another human being in need. dutifully answered his father's questhe most fortunate of women are

He enfolded the ninety and nine and tions about the things he'd enjoyed blessed to be in this world—the heart

went seeking the lost one. Our purmost, and then, in a moment of pause, of a loving home. Every man may be

pose is to follow him. asked the thing that was really on his a true priest of God in his own home.

mind. "Daddy,"he said, "if I got cold And every home may be a true sancPRINCIPLES would you cover me with your coat?"tuary where the love of God may dwell

Every child of God needs and wants and where the spirit of God is.

And what of principles? love. It is important to learn to apply the

What are the principles through The principle of agency must be programs of the Church—they are

which we can help God's children to mentioned too, of course, for not even great and wonderful and inspired and realize his purpose for them? We can through love can one against his will effective—but the only way this can start—and almost end—with love. God be conveyed to useful, constructive truly be achieved is with a constant

so loved the world that he gave his living or to eternal, creative life. Each understanding of the objectives for

Only Begotten Son that whosoever bemust individually choose that destinawhich a program exists, of the prinlieveth in him should not perish but tion and qualify for it. ciples that apply, and of the spirit

have everlasting life. Christ so loved that must be present in those who are

God and God's other children that he SPIRIT called to serve and lead.

willingly undertook his pivotal part in In our Father's house are many manthe great plan of salvation, knowing The third word is spirit. In what sions, and a place for each of his chilwhat it meant, what it was going to spirit must we act to help our brother dren who will qualify. Our assignment

cost. achieve God's purposes for him? Paul, is to accept God's gift and know that

Another special son, brilliant—the who knew remorse as perhaps few men we are accepted, and to seek to share

scriptures call him "an authority in have, said to the Galatians: "Brethren, the warmth of his love and the power

the presence of God"—but lacking love if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye of his example with all who will heed

except for self, disdained the Father's which are spiritual, restore such an his call.

plan and rebelled against it. He had one in the spirit of meekness; conSo bless us, O God, to understand

strong opinions of his own; he considering thyself, lest thou also be and to do, I pray in the name of Jesus

trived some rules of his own, seemed to tempted. Christ. Amen. Q

Brothers and sisters, it is wonderful Saul of Tarsus on the way to Damasthe things the prophets have foretold to be gathered here with you again in cus, and in the midst of that pillar of that should precede his second comone of these great conferences of our light were God the Father and his Son ing, then I say truly that God moves church. Led by the Tabernacle Choir, Jesus Christ. in a mysterious way, his wonders to

we have just sung a song that finds an When that boy asked which of all perform.

echo in my heart: "God moves in a the churches he should join, the I like the statement in the third

mysterious way his wonders to perFather, pointing to the Son, said: "This chapter of Malachi, where the Lord,

form."is My Beloved Son, Hear Him!"(See speaking through the prophet Malachi,

Having done as much missionary Joseph Smith 2:17.) The answer came said: "Behold, I will send my messenwork as I have, I have always conthat he was to join none of them, for ger, and he shall prepare the way besidered the great wonders the Lord has they all taught for doctrines the prefore me: and the Lord, whom ye seek,

done in our day in connection with cepts of men, and then he was told shall suddenly come to his temple....

the restoration of his gospel to the of the work that was about to come "But who may abide the day of his earth in this dispensation. This is a forth. coming?... for he is like a refiner's

day of wonders, a day when so many If that story is true, and I know that fire, and like fuller's soap."(Malachi

things are happening in the world. If it is, is there anything like it in all 3:1-2.)

I were to ask what you consider the this world? For when the heavens Now that obviously had no refermost wonderful thing that has hapopened, heavenly messengers appeared, ence to his first coming, because he

pened in this world in the last 150 the Father and the Son who created didn't come suddenly to his temple.

years, I imagine that most people would this earth; we are told in the holy All men were able to abide the day of

say the landing of the astronauts on scriptures that God created the earth his coming. He did not come cleansthe moon. That truly was a miracle, by the power of his Only Begotten, ing and purifying as refiner's fire and

and how it happened only those who and could anything that has happened fuller's soap, but we are told that when worked it out can tell you. in this world in the last 150 years he shall come in the latter days the

Then I think of how we were able compare with the visit of the Father wicked shall cry out to the rocks, "Fall to sit in our homes and watch on teleand the Son to this earth? We bear on us, and hide us from the face of

vision as those men got down from solemn testimony, all of us gathered him that sitteth on the throne, and the capsule to walk on that land withhere in this conference this day, and from the wrath of the Lamb."(Rev/

out the power of gravity to pull them millions throughout the earth who 6:16.) And so when God sends a

back. Then I think of what has been have put this message to the test, that messenger to prepare the way before

the result. (Now I am admitting to this is the truth. As Jesus said to him, that messenger could be none

you that I don't know enough about Nicodemus: "We speak that we do other than a prophet.

science to know how much good that know, and testify that we have seen; You remember what Jesus said of

great achievement will be to me or my and ye receive not our witness."(John John the Baptist, who was sent to

family.) 3:11.) And so we are testifying to all prepare the way for his coming in the

Then I think of another event that the world that this glorious event meridian of time. He said that there

transpired within the last 150 years transpired. was no greater prophet in Israel than

that from my way of appraisal far exAfter Jesus had spent some forty days John the Baptist. And so we bear

ceeds that in its majesty and magniwith his disciples and ascended to solemn testimony to the world that tude and in its good for humanity, and heaven in the presence of 500 of the this prophet whom God raised up in for me and my family and for all other brethren, as they stood gazing into this dispensation was the Prophet people in this world who really love heaven, two men in white apparel Joseph Smith. He was the messenger

the Lord and want to serve him. That stood by their side and said: "Ye men that was sent to prepare the way for

was when the boy Joseph Smith went of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up these wonderful things that the Lord out in the woods to pray, having read into heaven? this same Jesus, which is promised to send to this world to prethe words of the apostle James: "If any taken up from you into heaven, shall pare the way for the coming of the

of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, so come in like manner as ye have seen Lord.

that giveth to all men liberally, and him go into heaven."(Acts 1:11.) Why He was the prophet of this dispenupbraideth not; and it shall be given then should it be so difficult to believe sation whom, according to our scriphim."(Jas. 1:5.) Then he went out that he would appear when two angels tures, the Lord had in waiting over

into the woods to pray, believing in stood there to say that he would come 3,000 years after he declared his comthat promise, and a pillar of light again? And we are looking forward to ing, waiting for his day and time just

descended from heaven, as it did to his coming. When I think of all of as did the prophets of old, such as

Era, December 1970 69 Jeremiah, when he was called to be ings. "The blessings of thy father have terious to the world. You just take

a prophet. He could not understand prevailed above the blessings of my this temple standing here on this

this, and the Lord said, "Before I progenitors unto the utmost bound block. Isaiah and Micah were both

formed thee in the belly I knew thee; of the everlasting hills...."(Gen. permitted to look down through the

and before thou earnest forth out of 49:26.) stream of time (3,000 years) to the

the womb I sanctified thee, and I orIn describing the new land that latter days, and they named the latdained thee a prophet unto the nashould be given to Joseph, who would ter days when the mountain of the tions."(Jer. 1:5.) The prophet of this be separated from his brethren, Moses Lord's house would be established in

dispensation was ordained to be a used the word "precious"five times in the top of the mountains and all naprophet unto the nations before he just four verses as recorded in the Bible tions would flow unto it; and they

ever came here, and we have the word describing that new land. (See Deut. would say, "Come ye, and let us go up

of the Lord that he should be great in 33:1316.) That new land was none to the mountain of the Lord, to the

his eyes. (See 2 Ne. 3:8.) other than this land of America. The house of the God of Jacob; and he will

Then I think of the statement of Lord had it preserved, waiting for the teach us of his ways, and we will walk

Peter following the day of Pentecost, day of the restoration of the gospel in in his paths...."(See Isa. 2:2-3.) As

when he talked to those who put to this latter day. far as I know there is no building in

death the Christ, and he told them that What does the world know about the history of this world that has gaththe heavens would receive the Christ that record of Joseph? And why should ered people from all nations like this

"until the times of restitution of all they hesitate to accept it? And with temple, and many of you who are here

things, which God hath spoken by the its acceptance, even the Jewish people today are no doubt descendants of mouth of all his holy prophets since have no occasion to question who their some of those who have been gathered the world began."(Acts 3:21.) Is it Messiah is because that record so defito this land.

difficult to believe this prophecy of nitely tells of the signs of the birth When I was doing missionary work

Peter's that there should be a restituof the Savior of the world, of his cruciover in Holland, I had a very earnest tion of all things spoken by the mouths fixion, and then of his visit to this land investigator, a businessman. He said,

of all the holy prophets since the of America when he visited his people, "I will never join your church."I said,

world began? No other church in this as Brother Romney told us yesterday. "Why?"He said, "I don't want to go

world, as far as I know, claims such a It has been said that if that book had to America."I said, "Good for you."

restitution, and that includes the visit been found by a man plowing in his I then added, "You just stay right here of many holy prophets of the dispenfield, it would have been considered the and help strengthen these branches."

sations past. greatest event of the nineteenth cenHe had been a member of the Church

Following the coming of the Father tury. We have testimonies from many only a few months when he came rushand the Son to the Prophet Joseph, a who are not members of the Church. ing into my office one day and said,

few years later Moroni, a prophet who The book contains a promise that if "Brother Richards, I have a chance to had lived here upon this earth in the we would read it, the Lord would mansell my business."I said, "What do

land of America 400 years after the ifest the truth of it unto us by the you want to sell your business for?"

Christ, came back to tell the prophet power of the Holy Ghost. (See Moro. "Oh, I want to go to Zion,"he said.

about the former inhabitants of this 10:4.) I wish you could see the accounts we

land and the record that had been Some years ago Brother Nicholas G. had on the mission books, when I was

prepared, which is the Book of MorSmith, speaking from this pulpit, told secretary of the mission, of the good mon. us of an experience he had while preDutch people saving their nickels and

Brother [Marion G.] Romney gave siding over the California Mission. The their dimes to come here before we

us an inspiring talk yesterday about dean of religion at the University of had any temples in Europe.

the teachings of that book. It was Southern California asked him for a I heard President Joseph F. Smith

preserved for the convincing of the copy of the Book of Mormon, and say in Rotterdam in 1906 that the day

Jew and the Gentile that Jesus is the Brother Smith gave him one that had would come when temples of the Lord

Christ, the very eternal God, manibeen marked by the missionaries, with would dot that whole land of Europe, festing himself unto all nations. It the important passages underlined; and I have lived long enough to see

was preserved by the hand of Almighty then the dean invited Brother Smith two of them built. Well, that is just

God; and it was written by the comand the missionaries to attend his meetanother of these wonders that are mysmand of the Lord to Ezekiel the ing. He took that Book of Mormon and terious to the world that the Lord has

prophet that two records should be he would read passage after passage to given us. If we would take time to

kept, one of Judah and his followers, his congregation and would say: "This study the prophecies of the gathering,

the House of Israel, and one of Joseph isn't a dead book, it's a live book."He we would know that the Lord kept this

and his followers. The Lord promised said, "We have here a volume of scripland away from the eyes of the world

he would take the record of Joseph ture that has been in our midst for a to make it the gathering place of his that was in the hands of Ephraim and hundred years, and we haven't known people.

put it with the record of Judah and anything about it."And then he would Brothers and sisters, we have so

make them one in his hands. (See say to his congregation: "Aren't these much to be grateful for. Yesterday

Ezek. 37:1617.) Can't we believe beautiful teachings? Why can't we Brother Burton talked to us about the

that God would do that which he said fellowship a people who believe in such coming of Elijah the prophet. Just

he would do? If the Book of Mormon beautiful things as I have been readthink of that promise of Malachi, that

isn't that record, where is it? ing to you here today?"Well, that is before the coming of the great and

In order to fully appreciate what just another testimony of the divinity dreadful day of the Lord, the Lord said that book is, we need to go back a of this work, but the Lord preserved it he would send Elijah the prophet, little further to the promises made to to fulfill his promises to Joseph in this "And he shall turn the heart of the the twelve sons of Jacob, and Joseph's land, choice above all other lands. fathers to the children, and the heart

promise, if you will read it, far exceeds There isn't time today to go into of the children to their fathers, lest I that of his other brethren. He was these other wonderful things that the come and smite the earth with a curse."

promised through Jacob many blessLord has created in a way that is mys- (Mai. 4:5-6.) How could anybody

believe the holy scriptures and not pray only that, but God has also pre- "Therefore, behold, I will proceed to for the day to come when Elijah would pared a thousand years under the do a marvellous work among this come? And then we bear solemn witleadership of Jesus until every knee people, even a marvellous work and a

ness to the world that lie has come. shall bow and every tongue confess wonder: for the wisdom of their wise

I was in Israel a year ago last July, that Jesus is the Christ, which means men shall perish, and the understandand we went into three of the synathat this message has got to go into ing of their prudent men shall be hid."

gogues on a tour, and in one of them the eternal worlds. (Isa. 29:1314.)

there was hanging on the wall an arm I bear you my solemn witness that That is the message we have to all chair. I asked the rabbi what it was this is God's work, and I know it in the world, and I bear you my witness

there for. He said, "So we could let it every fiber of my being, and I know that there isn't an honest man or an

down for Elijah to sit in when he that it is what Isaiah saw when he honest woman in this world who really comes."And of course I couldn't tell said: "Forasmuch as this people draw loves the Lord who wouldn't join this

him that Elijah had already been, near me with their mouth, and with church if they would take time to find and that his coming has given us this their lips do honour me, but have reout what it really is. I bear you that

assurance that has been mentioned moved their heart from me, and their witness and pray God to bless you all, in this conference of the eternal durafear toward me is taught by the precepts in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

tion of the marriage covenant. Not of men: Amen. O

I should like to speak out across the much more freedom than any previous man and a young woman across the land to the youth who are the future generation had ever known. desk of my office. He was handsome,

of the Church and the hope of the He had learned in our opening introtall, and manly. She was a beautiful

nations. ductions that I was a churchman; and girl, an excellent student, sensitive and

I found my theme in a conversation he let me know, in something of a perceptive.

with a young man in a South Americondescending way, that the morality The girl sobbed, and tears fell from can airport, where we were both deof my generation was a joke. Then the eyes of the young man. They were

layed by late planes. His hair was with earnestness he asked how I could freshmen in the university. They were

long and his face bearded, his glasses honestly defend personal virtue and to be married the next week, but not large and round. Sandals were on his moral chastity. I shocked him a little in the kind of wedding of which they

feet, and his clothing such as to give when I declared that his freedom was had dreamed. They had planned that

the appearance of total indifference to a delusion, that his peace was a fraud, would come three years from now, any generally accepted standard of and that I would tell him why. following graduation.

style. Our flights were called shortly after Now they found themselves in a

I did not mind this. He was earnest that, and we had to separate. Since situation both regretted and for which

and evidently sincere. He was eduthen I have thought much of our disneither was prepared. Shattered were

cated and thoughtful, a graduate of a cussion. I would hope that he might their dreams of schooling, the years of

great North American university. be listening somewhere today. He is preparation they knew each needed for

Without employment and sustained by part of a challenging generation numthe competitive world that lay ahead.

his father, he was traveling through bered in the millions who, in a search Rather, they would now have to estabSouth America. for freedom from moral restraint and lish a home, he to become the bread-

"Peace—andWhat was freedom"he after inwaslife?hisI immeasked. openedpeace froma floodgatesubmergedofconscience,practices havethat winnerskills couldat thecommand.best figure his meager

diate response. Did he use drugs? Yes, enslave and debauch, and which, if The young man looked up through

they were one of his means to obtain left unchecked, will not only destroy his tears. "We were sold short,"he

the peace and freedom he sought. Disindividuals but also the nations of said.

cussion of drugs led to discussions of which they are a part. "We've cheated one another,"she

morals. He talked matterof-factly I thought of this freedom and this responded. "We've cheated one anabout the new morality that gave so peace when I recently faced a young other and the parents who love us

Era, December 1970 71 and we've cheated ourselves. We were I have seen in Korea the tragic that invite familiarity, judicial decibetrayed. We fell for the rubbish aftermath of war in the thousands of sions that destroy legal restraint, parthat virtue is hypocrisy; and we've orphans born of Korean mothers and ents who often unwittingly push the

found that the new morality, the idea soldier fathers. They have been abanchildren they love toward situations

that sin is only in one's mind, is a doned, creatures of sorrow, unwanted, they later regret.

booby trap that's destroyed us."the flotsam of a miserable tide of A wise writer has observed that "a

They spoke of a thousand thoughts immorality. new religion is emerging throughout

that had crossed their minds in the It is so in Vietnam. Tens of thouthe world, a religion in which the

fearful days and the anxious nights of sands of such, according to reports. body is the supreme object of worship

the past few weeks. Should she seek Peace and freedom? There can be to the exclusion of all other aspects

an abortion? The temptation was there neither for him who has wantonly of existence.

in the frightening contemplation of the indulged nor for those left as the "The pursuit of its pleasures has ordeal that lay ahead. No, never, she innocent and tragic victims of his lust. grown into a cult... for its ritual no

had concluded. Life is sacred under Men are prone to gloat over their efforts are spared.

any circumstance. How could she ever immoral conquests. What a cheap and "We have bartered holiness for conlive with herself if she took measures sullied victory. There is no conquest venience,... wisdom for information,

to destroy the gift of life even under in such. It is only selfdeception and joy for pleasure, tradition for fashion."

these conditions? a miserable fraud. The only conquest (Abraham Heschel, The Insecurity of

Perhaps she could go to some place that brings satisfaction is the conquest Freedom, p. 200.)

where she was not known, and he of self. It was said of old that "he that Nakedness has become the hallmark

could go on with his schooling. The governeth himself is greater than he of much public entertainment. It

child could be placed for adoption. that taketh a city."reaches beyond this into the realm of

There were excellent organizations that Are not the words of Tennyson still sadistic perversion. As one seasoned

could assist in such a program, and appropriate: "My strength is as the New York critic remarked, "It's not

there were good families anxious for strength of ten, Because my heart is only the nudity; it's the crudity."

children. But they had dismissed that pure."(Alfred, Lord Tennyson, "Sir Can there be any reasonable doubt

thought. Galahad.") that in sowing the wind of pornogHe would never leave her to face You expect me to speak in this fashraphy, we are reaping the whirlwind

her trial alone. He was responsible, ion. But listen to the conclusion of of decay?

and he would meet that responsibility renowned historians Will and Ariel We need to read more history. Naeven though it blighted the future of Durrant. Their language may sound a tions and civilizations have flowered,

which he had dreamed. little indelicate for an occasion like then died, poisoned by their own moral

I admired his courage, his determinathis, but my young friends will undersickness. As one commentator has retion to make the best of a difficult stand it. Out of the vast experience of marked, Rome perished when the

situation; but my heart ached as I writing a thousand years of history, Goths poured over its walls. But it

watched them, bereft and sobbing. Dr. and Mrs. Durrant say: was "not that the walls were low. It

Here was tragedy. Here was heart- "No one man, however brilliant or was that Rome itself was low."(Jenkin

break. Here was entrapment. Here was well informed can come in one lifeLloyd Jones, U. S. News & World Rebondage. time to such fullness of understanding port, May 26, 1962, p. 90.)

They had been told of freedom, that as to safely judge and dismiss the cusNo nation, no civilization can long evil was only a thing of the mind. toms or institutions of his society, for endure without strength in the homes

But they found they had lost their these are the wisdom of generations of its people. That strength derives

freedom. Nor did they know peace. after centuries of experiment in the from the integrity of those who estabThey had bartered their peace and laboratory of history. A youth boiling lish those homes.

their freedom—the freedom to marry with hormones will wonder why he No family can have peace, no home

when they chose to marry, the freedom should not give full freedom to his can be free from storms of adversity to secure the education of which they sexual desires; and if he is unchecked unless that family and that home are

had dreamed, and, more importantly, by custom, morals, or laws, he may built on foundations of morality, fidelthe peace of selfrespect. ruin his life before he matures suffiity, and mutual respect. There cannot

My young friend in the airport ciently to understand that sex is a be peace where there is not trust; there

might have countered my story by river of fire that must be banked and cannot be freedom where there is not saying that they were not smart. Had cooled by a hundred restraints if it is loyalty. The warm sunlight of love

they been wise to the things available not to consume in chaos both the indiwill not rise out of a swamp of imto them, they would not have found vidual and the group."(The Lessons of morality.

themselves in this sorry situation. History, pp. 3536.) As with the bud, so with the blossom.

I should have replied that their Selfdiscipline wasnever easy. I do Youth is the seedtime for the future

situation is far from unique and that not doubt that it is more difficult today. flowering of family life. To hope for

it is daily growing more acute. In We live in a sexsaturated world. Notpeace and love and gladness out of

1968 there were 165,700 births to unwithstanding the conclusions of a promiscuity is to hope for that which wed schoolgirls in the United States government commission, which I am will never come. To wish for freedom

alone, with an average annual increase happy to say has been widely repudiout of immorality is to wish for someof 12,000. (Reader's Digest, September ated, I am convinced that many of our thing that cannot be. Said the Savior,

1970, p. 170.) youth, and many older but no less "Whosoever committeth sin is the

Can there be peace in the heart of gullible, are victims of the persuasive servant of sin."(John 8:34.)

any man, can there be freedom in the elements with which they are surIs there a valid case for virtue? It is

life of one who has left only misery rounded—the pornographic literature the only way to freedom from regret.

as the bitter fruit of his indulgence? which has become a $500 million a The peace of conscience which flows

Can anything be more false or disyear business in this country alone, therefrom is the only personal peace honest than gratification of passion seductive movies that excite and give that is not counterfeit.

without acceptance of responsibility? sanction to promiscuity, dress standards And beyond all of this is the unfail72

ing promise of God to those who walk It has been my privilege on various a grand place to live in."(Reader's

in virtue. Declared Jesus of Nazareth, occasions to converse with Presidents Digest, June 1960, p. 76.)

speaking on the mountain, "Blessed of the United States and important I assure you, my young friends, that are the pure in heart: for they shall men in other governments. At the it would be a world of freedom in

see God."(Matt. 5:8.) That is a coveclose of each such occasion I have rewhich the spirit of man might grow to

nant, made hy him who has the power flected on the rewarding experience of undreamedof glory, a world of peace, to fulfill. standing with confidence in the presthe peace of clear conscience, of unAnd again, the voice of modern reveence of an acknowledged leader. And sullied love, of fidelity, of unfailing

lation speaks a promise—an unmatched then I have thought, what a wonderful trust and loyalty.

promise that follows a simple comthing, what a marvelous thing it would This may appear an unattainable mandment: be to stand with confidence—unafraid dream for the world. But for each of

Here is the commandment: "... let and unashamed and unembarrassed you it can be a reality, and the world

virtue garnish thy thoughts unceasin the presence of God. This is the will become so much the richer and

ingly."And here is the promise: "... promise held out to every virtuous the stronger for the virtue of your

Then shall thy confidence wax strong man and woman. individual lives.

in the presence of God.... I know of no greater promise made God bless you to realize this free-

"The Holy Ghost shall be thy conby God to man than this promise made dom, to know this peace, to gain this stant companion,... and thy dominion to those who let virtue garnish their blessing, I humbly pray, as I leave with

shall be an everlasting dominion, and thoughts unceasingly. you my witness of the truth of these

without compulsory means it shall Channing Pollock once remarked: things; and as a servant of the Lord,

flow unto thee forever and ever.""A world in which everyone believed I promise you that if you will sow in

(D&C 121:4546.) in the purity of women and the nobilvirtue, you will reap in gladness now

Just a word or two concerning this ity of men, and acted accordingly, and in all years yet to come, in the marvelous promise would be a very different world, but name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Saturday afternoon session, October 3, 1970

The Years That the Locust Hath Eaten

Elder Spencer W. Kimball

Acting President of the Council of the Twelve

My brothers and sisters and friends, hands, to roll forth and fill the whole first, nor was the Mormon disaster the and especially our good folks from earth. last of the invasion by the crickets, the

overseas and of a different tongue: It On the tablets is told the story of grasshoppers, the locusts. Years ago,

is a joy to be with you in this great the virgin desert lands, of ox teams, of when we visited Australia, we freconference. plowmen and wideflung arms sowing quently heard that a man had "dropped

To the right of us a hundred yards grain. It pictures the invasion of the his bundle."We came to know that

is a beautiful granite monument merciless insects, and the hopeless batit had a similar meaning there to the crowned with a stone globe, and on it, tle represented by the man sinking to phrase we often use here: "He didn't

two bronze seagulls. Before this monuthe earth, listless, with his hanging make the grade"or "He missed the

ment have stood millions of tourists, hands and bowed head. Despair has boat."As I read the old scriptures, I

as they heard the absorbing story of engulfed him. The woman is also find that the ancients characterized

the "Mercy of God to the Mormon toilworn, with something pathetic in such a situation with the phrase "The

Pioneers."her bodyweariness, her head raised to years that the locust hath eaten."

The bronze wings of the birds are the pitiless skies. They see the gulls We are told that the locust is a

spread wide, as are the great arms of overhead. Are they coming to complete species of a large family of insects with

the Church, to envelop all the peoples the devastation? The conquest of the blunt antennae, long hind legs, thick

of the world; and the granite globe is gulls and the harvesting of the grain thighs that make the familiar sound

prophetic of the worldwide Church and that was saved is pictured. Total when scraped on the fore wings. They

reminiscent of Daniel's envisioned famine would now be averted. breed in river bottoms and sunny destone cut out of the mountain without The Egyptian scourge was not the pressions and multiply at an alarming

Era, December 1970 73 move my name from the roster of the

Church. I find the... requirements

of the Church too great. I was... led

... by the missionaries to the receiving

of instructions. The next thing I knew,

my baptism was planned. I do not

regret this completely, for it was educational.

"Finally, I came to realize what 1 had gotten myself involved in.

No's—tobacco,"I was unableliquor,to forgocoffee theand fourtea.

... It causes me more anxiety than I

am able to cope with. And my personality requires acceptance... and I

feel unaccepted when unable to partake of the pleasures of my companions.

"Also, I find that I cannot give from three to five hours on Sunday and one tenth of my earnings. This is against

my basic nature....

"I am very sorry that I have caused you this trouble. No one should consider himself at fault.... It is mine

alone. I hope that you can forgive

me... my decision is final."

His final decision was sad indeed.

His years follow each other and are figuratively eaten by the locusts, the cankerworm, and the caterpillar, while he returns to the world.

Contrary to this, generally, our

An audio engineer in the sound control room follows the text of an address being depeople are not disturbed about four or livered at the pulpit. five hours of devotion on the Sabbath

and giving one tenth of their income rate and fill the air, obliterating the in the field,... every herb..., and and the four no's.

daylight. Hordes of these insects have brake every tree of the field.""And the Marden says: "... the mill can

plagued western United States as well flax and the barley was smitten; for never grind with the water which has

as many other parts of the world and the barley was in the ear, and the flax passed."(Orison S. Marden, Pushing

caused billions of dollars of damage was boiled."(Exod. 7:20; 8:6, 24, 17; to the Front, vol. 1, p. 13.)

and ruin. They have caused numerous 9:10, 23, 25, 31.) Some days ago, a family of new

famines and the deaths of great numUpon Pharaoh's repeated rejection, members were beaming as they shook bers of people. Moses quoted the Lord: my hand. I asked them how long they

These insects, as with the cricket "... let my people go.... Else, if had been members of the Church and

war in Utah, were heavily involved in thou refuse..., behold, tomorrow the answer was "Two months."Then,

the Egyptian story: will I bring the locusts into thy coast."with enthusiasm and regret, they said,

Moses and Aaron pleaded, and (Exod. 10:3-4.) "Think of all these years we could

threatened Pharaoh to release his army "Thou shalt carry much seed out into have been so happy in the Church!"

of slaves. The monarch was obdurate, the field, and shall gather very little in; The locusts had eaten their years.

deceptive, and stubborn. During the for the locust shall consume it."(Deut. Someone said, "'O, that I had!'or

suffering of each plague he made the 28:38. Italics added.) 'O, that I had not!'is the silent cry of

promise, but when relief came, he "... and when it was morning, the many a man who would give life itself

ignored his promise. east wind brought the locusts. for the opportunity to go back and reMoses warned: "Thus saith the Lord "... so that the land was darkened; trieve some long lost error."(Marden,

God... How long wilt thou refuse to and... there remained not any green p. 15.)

humble thyself...? let my people go, thing in the trees, or in the herbs of In 1834, a high council was beingthat they may serve me."(Exod. 10:3.) the field, through all the land of organized by the Prophet Joseph Smith.

In sucession came the plagues: when Egypt."(Exod. 10:13, 15.) This account comes from L. D. Young:

"all the waters that were in the river What the palmerworm left, the lo- "... I committed a grave error, and

were turned to blood"; and when "the cust ate, and what the locust left, the desire to leave a record of it, for a lesfrogs came up, and covered the land of caterpillar ate. And another crop was son to others. The prophet requested

Egypt"; and when "there came a gone. me to take a seat with the brethren

grievous swarm of flies"; when "the And as I remembered the "years that who had been selected for this [high]

dust of the earth... became lice"; the locust hath eaten,"I reflected on council. Instead of doing so, I arose

when ashes sprinkled by Moses "bethe lost weekends and wasted years of and pled my inability to fill so recame a boil breaking forth with blains many people. sponsible a position, manifesting, I

upon man, and upon beast."From a distant state a letter came think, considerable earnestness in the

There came "thunder and hail, and from a man who had been baptized matter.

the fire ran along upon the ground; a year before. I quote from his letter: "The prophet then said he merely

... And the hail smote... all that was "I will appreciate it if you will redesired I should take the place; but

as I still excused myself, he appointed Which, taken at the flood, leads on to Someone said:

another to fill it. I think this was the fortune; "Destiny is not about thee, but withreason that he never again called me Omitted, all the voyage of their life in

to fill any important position in the Is bound in shadows and in miseries; Thyself must make thyself."

priesthood. I have since learned to go And we must take the current when (Marden, p. 404.)

where I am called, and not set up my it serves, judgment against that of those who Or lose our ventures. Failure to plan brings barrenness and

are called to guide in this kingdom."sterility. Fate brushes man with its

The locust went to work. Think of "Tis never offered twice; seize the hour wings, but we make our own fate

the years of opportunity this good man When fortune smiles, and duty points largely. Karl G. Maeser gives us this

lost. the way; thought:

Harriet Winslow said of opportunity: Nor shrink aside to 'scape the specter "And the books will be opened and

fear, my guardian angel will stand by me "The golden opportunity Nor pause, though pleasure beacon and as he opens the book he wijl say,

Is never offered twice; seize then the from her bower; 'Look,'and I will look and say: 'How

hour But bravely bear thee onward to the beautiful.'And the angel will say,

When Fortune smiles and Duty points goal."'That is what you could have been,'

leaf the turn he will and then the way. (Julius Caesar, Sc. 4, act. 3.) "and say,

been.''This you have is what

"Why thus longing, thus forever sighThe locust has always been abroad.

ing, Civilization is cankered by the cankerAnd Ingalls gives us this:

For the faroff, unattained and dim, worm.

While the beautiful, all around thee Benjamin Franklin said: "Dost thou "Master of human destinies am I,

lying love life? Then do not squander time, Fame, love, and fortune on my footOffers up its low, perpetual hymn?"for that is the stuff life is made of."steps wait.

And another said: "Eternity itself Cities and fields I walk, I penetrate

I know one man who was greatly cannot restore the loss struck from the Deserts and seas remote, and, passing concerned when his stake president minute."(Ancient Post.) by

invited him to be the bishop of the "I wasted time, and now doth time Hovel, and mart, and palace, soon or ward. His face became ashen. He waste me."(Shakespeare.) late

stammered a rejection. He declined When I was a little boy, I was I knock unbidden, once at every gate!

the great privilege of being a judge in much impressed by a young couple just

Israel, a father of a people, a leader of being married in a civil marriage. He "If sleeping, wake—if feasting, rise bemen. The stake president, feeling that was a handsome swain, with a sleek fore

it was mere timidity and a feeling of horse and rubbertired buggy and with I turn away. It is the hour of fate,

inadequacy, attempted to persuade, but money to spend. She was the "belle of And they who follow me reach every

the decision was made. the ball,"coming from a wellto-do state

Since that day there have been many family so that her clothes and her Mortals desire, and conquer every foe years that "the locusts hath eaten."popularity made other girls envy her. Save death; but those who doubt or

In this connection, I also think of the Their marriage was what might be hesitate

Sidney Rigdons, the Oliver Cowderys, called an extravaganza. Condemned to failure, penury and woe,

the Martin Harrises, and the many There had been many children in Seek me in vain and uselessly imothers who closed the doors upon their both families, but their first determinaplore opportunities. tion was that "they would have no I answer not and I return no more."

Ingalls, "Remember the four things come not kids."—John Jamesback: the spoken word, the sped arrow, There was some sort of surgery—no "Opportunities"

the past life, and the neglected opporchildren ever came to that home. Their

tunity."(Marden, p. 67.) fun continued—dancing, riding, parThe world is full of opportunities

Another young man who was a ties. Through the years, I saw them missed. Many of the impressive talks

faithful member of the Church begrow old and lonely. He died first. of this conference have told of people

came infatuated with a beautiful girl On. a main street in the little town, she who failed to accept the gospel when

not a member of the Church, and when lived on and walked daily to the post presented; of dropouts from high

their courtship reached the marriage office and to the grocery store. The school, college, and employment; of

state, it was set to be a civil one, "till years sped on and brought a bent back waste through drugs and immoralities;

death do you part."He weakly reand a slow walk with a cane added. of failures to accept Church and commonstrated, but she with greater Loneliness surrounded her. Her brothmunity service; of bypassing a proselytstrength prevailed. Temple and eterers and sisters were occupied with their ing mission; of a temporary civil marnal marriage had no meaning for her. families. Visits to her were less often riage substituted for a permanent

He would hope someday to bring and for shorter periods. There was no eternal one; of the use of the pill,

her into the Church, but the years radio or television that long ago. Readabortion, and other means of damaging

moved on at a rapid pace, and the ing was reduced as eyes grew dim. or destroying the family and home life

children came and grew up without the People saw her less often and missed so strongly urged as vital to our congospel. The opportunities passed; her less. tinued civilization. All this reminds us

thatyears though to be reher. never be in the world, were must someone day She found we One lost—years

forcovered, not for days. world. the need time flies in death we been on wings dead Alone of had be of

lightning, and you cannot call it back. as she had been alone in life. No lovMay we grasp our opportunities, live

Were these locust years? ing, dutiful children to bury her—no the gospel fully, and prepare ourselves Shakespeare wrote: tear shed—no lament. They had been for the eternity of glory which is our

wasted years. Were they years that the possible destiny, I pray, in the name

"There is a tide in the affairs of men, locust hath eaten? of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Era, December 1970 75 Man is a spirit living in a house of do or fall short of what we should have same spirit will have power to possess clay called a physical body. This comdone. We use such expressions as, "Oh! your body in that eternal world."(Al.

bination of spirit and body is called a the spirit is willing but the flesh is 34:3334.)

living soul. weak."With such rationalizations we Thus we see that we are here upon

Physical bodies are made of flesh insinuate that it is our physical body's the earth to "prepare for eternity,"or and bone and, therefore, have tangible fault that we sin. As a matter of fact, more simply said, we are here to get

form and shape and are easy to see and this is not true. In reality, the physiin condition to leave. And everybody

feel and recognize. The spirit also has cal body is the strongest part of us. is going to leave. Nobody gets out of

a definite form and shape but does not Among other reasons, it was given to this life alive. Someone has said that

have flesh and bone and, therefore, is us to help us overcome our addictions, everybody wants to go to heaven, but not easy for mortals to see, feel, and bad habits, and evil desires. The body nobody wants to die to do it. But as a

recognize. is very obedient; generally speaking, it matter of fact, we have to die to do it.

The scriptures tell us that the spirit will do exactly what the spirit tells it Amulek plainly states that the "same and the body in which it lives look to do. So it is not the physical body spirit which doth possess your bodies

very, very much alike—and are, in fact, that we are struggling with; it is the at the time that ye go out of this life,

made in the image and likeness of God. spirit we must bring into subjection. that same spirit will have power to

The word life means that the spirit Sometimes we seem to get the idea possess your body in that eternal is at home in the physical body. Death, that in the spirit world, we will be world."So, we do not change just beon the other hand, means that the completely different individuals; we cause we die. If we are addicted to

spirit has departed the physical body. will suddenly undergo a miraculous drugs, bad habits, or evil desires here

When death occurs or when the spirit change in our character when we die. upon the earth, we shall be addicted

leaves the physical body, the physical But nothing could be further from the to the same things in the spirit world;

body decays and returns to the dust truth. "We,"our spirits, do not change if we are a "pill"or a "crank"or a liar

whence it came. However, the spirit at death; we are still the same. Amulek, here, we will still be a "pill"or a

continues to exist in another realm a great Book of Mormon prophet, tells "crank"or a liar there.

called "the spirit world"and still us plainly what the conditions in the The scriptures speak of the spirit maintains its form and shape and spirit world will be. world as being two different places—as

identity. "And now, as I said unto you before, paradise at one time, and as spirit prisResurrection is a process whereby as ye have had so many witnesses, on at another time. But as a matter of

after death the spirit returns and retherefore, I beseech of you that ye do fact, the spirit world is really just one enters the body and becomes again a not procrastinate the day of your replace; it merely depends on the conliving, immortal soul, immortal meanpentance until the end; for after this dition we are in when we go there

ing not subject to death or separation. day of life, which is given us to prepare as to what it will be for us. If we go

It is the spirit that sees, hears, feels, for eternity, behold, if we do not imthere addicted to drugs, bad habits, or knows passion and desire; it is the prove our time while in this life, then evil desires, it will be a prison.

spirit that becomes addicted to drugs, cometh the night of darkness wherein Our Heavenly Father wants us to bad habits, and evil desires. It is not there can be no labor performed. be free; he doesn't want us to be in

the physical body that is addicted, but "Ye cannot say, when ye are brought bondage to our appetites and passions.

the spirit, which, of course, is the real to that awful crisis, that I will repent, Therefore, he has given us commandyou and me. We are spirits just as God that I will return to my God. Nay, ye ments that are only calculated to make

is a spirit. cannot say this; for that same spirit us free. And he tells us that all of his

Sometimes we make excuses for ourwhich doth possess your bodies at the commandments are spiritual. (See D&C

selves, when we do what we should not time that ye go out of this life, that 29:34.) Never at any time has he given

a commandment that is not spiritual.

Even the Word of Wisdom is a spiritual commandment in that it primarily affects our spirits, and certainly it does.

To illustrate, I knew a man who was a member of the Church but had returned to his habit of smoking cigarettes. He said he didn't want to smoke

but just couldn't help it. Of course,

he could have overcome the habit if he had really wanted to while he had his body to help him. If the spirit

tells the body not to pick up the cigarette, the body won't pick it up, and abstinence over time allows the spirit to overcome the desire. This man

finally suffered a stroke. His body wasparalyzed with the exception of his *$a

right arm and his eyes. As his sonin-

the porch from picked up himlaw nlearn to love rain, too... when you have an heof his house, where had fallen, with You'llelectric clothes dryer.

the only arm this man could move, he An electric dryer is more than keeping rain from your reached for the cigarette in his sonin- clothes. It brings a change in your way of living.

law's mouth, but he could not hold An electric dryer takes the hurry, the carry, and the onto it. His sonin-law held the lighted worry out of laundry. Then gives your clothes a soft

cigarette to the stricken man's lips, but touch.

in his condition he could not hold it in And, an electric dryer costs less—up to $40 less.

his mouth.

For nine months this man lay on his bed. He actually wore out the

pocket of his pajamas reaching into it Buy Her an The "Sun"for a cigarette that was not there. Then Electric Dryer That Never Sets

he died and went into the spirit world.

Do you suppose he still wants a cigarette? On the basis of Amulek's statement,catch—therehe does.are Butno therecigarettesis justin onethe Utah Power & Light Company

spirit world. Would you suppose he is

in paradise or in spirit prison? The

answer seems only too obvious.

Oh yes, it is possible to repent in the spirit world, although we are given to understand that it is much more difficult to repent there because we will not have our physical bodies to help us. Also an integral part of repentance

is that we must make restitution. This

means that if you have stolen five dollars, you have to return five dollars to the person whom you have robbed.

This may be very difficult to do in the spirit world. You can also understand

then why murder and adultery or fornication are such grievous sins; how

can you make restitution? Virtue once

cannot be replaced. Neither cangone DOES YOUR CHILD NEED HELP?a life be restored.

fordifficult to gain very be It may GET—ATTITUDES for sins.giveness Presithese kinds of HABITS COMMUNICATIONS IMPROVED BEHAVIOR—STUDY it is saiddent a Brigham Young

hundred times easier to repent here on The MINIT RECORD SYSTEM provides a daily record for positive statesuccessfully, and children. affection for Used your of love and ments spiritthe earth it is in world. the than

parents. for concerned consultants educators and by

if the token, in recommended there same goBy we start a toward a really just can a minute you "/n it is rightthe condition, a hundred

Elliott D. relationship."Landau parentchild better

to easier spirittimes in learn the world of University Utah—Dr.Consultant,make

than it is here in this life. So weshould do what we can do best where Order now—start a more successful new year.

we are. Now is the best time to repent;

then will be the best time to learn. SYSTEMS of SUCCESS Mail Systems to:

The resurrection is a reality made P.O. Box 262, Bountiful, Utah 84010 Name

1 System $3.50, additional Systems

mailed to same address $2.50

Era, December 1970 77 Utah residents add 4 Vi % sales tax.State..Zip.

possible by our Lord Jesus Christ, who, that God is not allpowerful so far as to each of us by the Savior, the Lord in the words of Paul, was "the firstman is concerned, that there are some Jesus Christ, who has paid the price fruits of them that slept."And because things he cannot do. Heading the list for our sins on condition of our accepthe was resurrected, everyone who has is the fact that God, our Father, cannot ing his sacrifice for us through repenlived or will live upon the earth will save his children in their sins. The tance. The Lord has given us a key,, a

also be resurrected. (See 1 Cor. 15:20prophet Alma, in a conversation with sign of repentance. "By this ye may

22.) Whether they wish to be or not a man professing to be religious but know if a man repenteth of his sins

really makes no difference—they are not believing in God, said, "And I say behold, he will confess them and forgoing to live again anyway and be unto you again that he [God] cannot sake them."(D&C 58:43.)

judged according to their works; and save them in their sins; for I cannot I bear witness that Jesus is the Christ

the condition they are in at the time deny his word, and he hath said that and that he lives and has made reof their resurrection will to a great no unclean thing can inherit the kingpentance possible and necessary and extent determine their reward. Then dom of heaven; therefore, how can ye required of all; that the commandthey who are filthy shall be filthy still. be saved, except ye inherit the kingments of God are given by a loving

and they who are righteous shall be dom of heaven? Therefore, ye cannot Father to make us free here on earth

righteous still. (See 2 Ne. 9:16.) And be saved in your sins."(Al. 11:37. and in the spirit world, that we may

each one will get what he has prepared Italics added.) enter the spirit world as uninhibited

himself to receive. If the Lord cannot save a man in his spirits, ready to receive the new knowlAs much as our Heavenly Father sins, neither can he force a man to edge that will be there for us, and to

loves us and wants to help us to avoid repent. Repentance is required for get us into condition to receive a far

heartache and unhappiness, still there exaltation, but repentance is a volungreater and eternal weight of glory is nothing much he can do for his tary matter and, in the words of Paul, through the resurrection of the just. I

children unless they desire it done. It a gift of God—not a gift in the usual bear this witness in the name of

is a startling fact to most Christian sense of an object presented but neverour Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.

people when Mormon elders tell them theless a gift in a real sense, presented Amen. Q

During the last six months of this tained for the protection of all flesh, ceptions as instruments of government year, the Saturday night leadership according to just and holy principles, had laid our national foundations or meetings of our stake conferences are that everyone may act according to his were presently manipulating the conbeing used to promote the double obGod-given moral agency. It is a ditrols of American wealth and power.

jectives of the military relations provine decree that this land should serve It seems to me that above most other gram of the Church. It is of primary as the citadel of liberty. And it is the things we need to learn to be good

importance that every person in the American mission to keep freedom, soldiers. Whether we are in or out of

world should understand that the righteousness, and human dignity alive uniform, we should develop those sure

Church of Jesus Christ has been rein the world. (See D&C 101:7780; and steady qualities of always being

established upon the earth. It is also Preamble to the Constitution.) faithful, of always being loyal, of alimportant to know that governments How grateful we ought to be that ways living at our best, and of always

were instituted of God for the benefit God raised up such men as our foundbeing successful.

of man and that he holds us accounting fathers to stand in the forefront In 1835 a French visitor, by the name able for our acts in relation to them. of our civilization and give our nation of Alexis de Tocqueville, made a de-

(See D&C 134:1.) its start toward its destiny. The history tailed study of our national operations.

We have a direct revelation from of our world would have been vastly Later he wrote in his book: "America

the Lord that he raised up wise men different if the kind of men who use is great because she is good. And if

to establish the Constitution of this Stalin blood purges, Hitler gas ovens, America ever ceases to be good, she will land, and he requires that it be mainCastro indignities, and Communist decease to be great."This is a divine

law that applies to all nations and to Washington, the father of his country, moral restraints and do those things all individuals. But it applies particuand Abraham Lincoln, who saved it to which the Ruler of the Universe so

larly to us, because our extraordinary from dissolution. Both were our seriously objects. Anyone who lays

power and our extraordinary mission commandersin-chief during important aside his religion when he enters miligive us extraordinary responsibilities. wars. Some of our more recent war tary service is like the one who removes

When we sing "God Bless America,"heroes were John J. Pershing, Douglas his armor under fire. And from any

what kind of an America should we McArthur, Dwight D. Eisenhower, and point of view, no drunken, immoral,

have in mind? Certainly not a our present great commanderin-chief, irreverent, cowardly, disobedient army

drunken America, nor a criminal Richard M. Nixon. We should also is entitled to win victories. WashingAmerica, nor an irresponsible America. keep in mind that the greatest of all ton was at his best when on his knees

We must not build an atheistic Amermilitary men was the Son of God himat Valley Forge. Lincoln said that he

ica; nor a disloyal America, nor a weak self. In the war in heaven, he led the was not so much concerned about

America, nor an immoral America. And forces of righteousness against the whether or not God was on his side,

to effectively serve God and our rebellion of Lucifer. We can also drawbut it was very important for him to be

country, every good church member great significance from the fact that on God's side. How inspiring it ought

and every good citizen should be conbefore the Savior of the world was the to be for our presentday soldiers to stantly waging war—not a war against Prince of Peace, he was Jehovah the carry with them into battle the inspired

anybody, but a war for everybody, a warrior. teachings of this great prophetgeneral,

war for God and for freedom and for The Bible says that the Lord is a who, over a long period, had the truth and for righteousness and for man of war. And the Lord is his name. closest kind of association with the

success. (Exod. 15:3.) It should be very helpful God of success. He failed only, as the

Sometime ago a 43year-old man for each soldier, as he enters military Savior failed, because his soldiers rereenlisted in the army. A friend said service, to receive a Book of Mormon fused to follow, but he tried magnifito him, "Don't you think that you have from the Church. This important book cently. Mormon said, "I speak it

already done enough for your country?"of scripture was written by ancient boldly; God hath commanded me."

He replied, "Can anyone ever do prophets who occupied our continent (Moro. 8:21.) And he carried out every

enough for his country?"And President before us. And it was compiled by command.

John F. Kennedy pointed the American Mormon, that great preColumbus With prophetic vision, Mormon

way to success in his inaugural address American general whose name it bears. looked down to our time. And he was

when he said, "Fellow Americans, ask This is significant, as he was one of greatly concerned about what he saw.

not what your country can do for you, the greatest authorities about those He tried to stimulate our responsibility ask what you can do for your country."very principles on which our present by recalling the divine decree that says

Then, in the tradition of the prophets, success depends. that we must obey the God of this

he sealed his testimony with his blood. When he was only ten years of age, land or we shall be swept off when

Every Godfearing, freedomloving, Mormon received the divine call to his the fullness of his wrath shall come truthseeking person in the world, relife's work of compiling this book for upon us. Mormon said:

gardless of nation, creed, color, or race, our benefit. (Morm. 1:2.) Then, like "Behold, I speak unto you as though

should constantly be praying and conyoung Samuel at Shiloh, he received a I spake from the dead; for I know that

tinually be working for a strong, enpersonal visitation from the Lord at ye shall hear my words."(Morm.

during, righteous United States of age 15. (Morm. 1:15.) At age 16 he was 9:30.) "Listen unto them and give

America. For if any communistic appointed to lead the armies of the heed, or they will stand against you

combination of nations should ever Nephite republic against its adversaries, at the judgmentseat of Christ."(Moro.

reach their announced goal of world the Lamanites, and his commission ex- 8:21.)

domination, then none of our other tended over 58 years, until his death at And I imagine that when that problems would ever again seem of age 74. (Mor. 2:2; 6:6; 8:3.) No weakgreat tribunal sits and we shall stand

very great consequence. As Emerson, ling or coward survives a test like that. before it, how grateful we shall feel if

the spokesman for an earlier America, Mormon was a prophet, an author, a we have been wise enough to follow said: "For what avail the plow or sail, historian, and he had the most exhis inspired leadership.

Or land or life, if freedom fail?"tended military career on record. Instead of getting all we can out of

Too often we accept the blessings of He taught his soldiers the arts and the government, we should generate religion and the advantages of governstrategies of war. But he also taught more of the spirit of Nathan Hale, who

ment and then ignore our duties and them that the most important qualifisaid, "I only regret that I have but one deny our responsibilities. We pledge cation for being a good soldier is to be life to lose for my country."The Reallegiance to the flag, but we allow a good man. Through Mormon, God deemer himself has said: "Greater

ourselves to be divided by foreign offered the Nephite army victory at love hath no man than this, that a troublemakers, despoiled by irresponany time that they would obey those man lay down his life for his friends."

sible vandals, weakened by criminal laws of righteousness on which all (John 15:13.) And then in this, he

racerioters, and sickened by traitors military as well as all other success also set us a personal example. This

conducting senseless demonstrations finally depends. The greatest nations stimulating idea has been condensed

against the government and our duly of the past have fallen because they into verse, wherein the poet said:

elected leaders. have disobeyed God's laws of success.

That fundamental principle is still And if we desire to be good soldiers, "To every man upon this earth in effect that says, "United we stand, we must avoid their mistakes. A roadDeath cometh soon or late;

divided we fall."And the Master himside billboard for an oil company says But every man may give his life

self has said, "If ye are not one, ye "A Clean Engine Produces Power"To something good and great.

are not mine."It is significant that and so do a clean mind and a loyal

many of the greatest men that God heart. "And how can man die better

has ever raised up out of the dust of It is extremely unfortunate that so Than in facing fearful odds, this earth have been military men. many, while officially representing For the ashes of his fathers

We have national holidays to com- "this nation under God,"should use And the temples of his gods."

memorate the birthdays of George the army as an excuse to throw off their (Author unknown.)

Era, December 1970 79 BISHOPS! WARD LIBRARIANS!

HERE THEYARE FROM DESERET BOOK:

21 basic books recommended for all ward libraries by the

Church Library Coordinating Committee.

SAVE 20% by ordering all 21 at the same time and pay just $89.50 These

books have a total cost of $111.65 when purchased individually at

the regular prices listed below.

STANDARD WORKS (Cloth bound) 8. MARVELOUS WORK AND A 11. GOSPEL IDEALS $4.95

1. Bible $3.95 WONDER, A $1.95 David 0. McKay

2. Book of Mormon $2.95 LeGrand Richards These selections from the discourses

3. Doctrine & Covenants... $3.25 An excellent, easy to understand study of President David 0. McKay present

4. Pearl of Great Price....$1.95 of Mormon beliefs. gospel ideals that can bring about the

5. ARTICLES OF FAITH $2.95 ideal life here and hereafter.

9. IN ESSENTIALS CHURCHJames E. Talmage 12. $2.50 APOSTASY, GREAT THE $5.95 HISTORY

of the indepth studyAn E. Talmage James Fielding Smith doctrines Joseph

of for excellent the Church; fall of of the decline evidence The and carefully researched and vividly Ainvestigators.

in scripprimitive the is found Church historical of written the account 6. JESUS THE CHRIST $3.95 progress of the Church. tural record, and in secular history.

James E. Talmage

A highly comprehensive study of the 10. GOSPEL DOCTRINE $4.95 Period13. HISTORY1 OF THE CHURCH,$35.00Messiah to and His Mission according

the Holy Scriptures, both ancient These works of the sixth president of (Documentary: 7 volumes & index)

and modern. The Church of Jesus Christ of LatterHistory of Joseph Smith, the Prophet,

day Saints abound in helpful advice and by himself.

7., SING WITH ME $2.50 counsel in everyday practices in right

Songs for Children of The Church of living, stated in simple and persuasive 14. HYMNS, LD.S. $1.95

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. language. Standard cloth binding.

15. DOCTRINES OF SALVATION 18. MEET THE MORMONS $2.95 21. DISCOURSES OF BRIGHAM

(3 vols.) $11.85 Doyle L. and Randall Green YOUNG $4.95

Joseph Fielding Smith ea. 3.95 A colorful and profusely illustrated Compiled by John A. Widtsoe

Three authoritative volumes from the introduction to the beliefs and practices Concentrated reading on Mormon

Church President and the foremost of the Church and its members doctrine from the innumerable

Gospel scholar of the Church. Contains throughout the world. sermons of President Young.

a wealth of information not found 19. RESTOREDin other doctrinal writings. CHURCH, THE $4.50 PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH

William E. Berrett

Preston Nibley 16. $2.95 OF THE LORD HOUSE brief of history A the growth and

is is This the which 22nd book recom- E. TalmageJames doctrines of the Church. Mormon

at present but mended, which the time in classic Church republished modernA

It will print. of is out available be 20. TEACHINGS OF THE PROPHET full of illustrations color withformat

in in edition, a revised 1971 new $4.50 early SMITH JOSEPH of interiors Temples. LDSmany

it is therefore not included here Fielding Joseph Smith 17. TRUTH details individual with care RESTORED $1.25 Utmost has separatelyin the total atprice,a laterbut date.must be ordered

B. HinckleyGordon the full to design present been taken

Truth restored is recommended and intent of the Prophet Joseph's reading for every Latterday Saint. teachings.

This Catalog FREE 22. Deseret Book's Fall 1970 Price Catalog.

Books make excellent gifts for Birthdays - Anniversaries - Graduations - CHRISTMAS and other SPECIAL EVENTS.

There is a description summarizing each of the over 500 books listed here. The books are

listed alphabetically and by type such as:

General Interest, Music, Genealogy, Youth,

Pamphlets and Paperbacks, Standard Works, a list of Authors and their books, and a New Book section of the latest publications.

Through this catalog and subsequent revisions you'll be able to keep up with the best in Church related publications. Get your FREE CATALOG BY

CIRCLING THE NUMBER 22 ON THE COUPON.

ORDER FROM DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

OR 777 So. Main, Town & Country, Orange, Calif. 92668

Please send the complete set. Total set cost$89.so plus $3.25 postage and handling charge.

Please send individual items circled: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22

Total cost of $ This must include 25c handling and postage for the first book ordered and 15c for each additional book ordered in the same shipment. Also include 4Vi% sales tax from Utah residents

ordering from Salt Lake, or 5% sales tax from California residents ordering from Orange. Paid by:

Salt Lake - Cottonwood Mall P check, money order, or charge established account.

Valley Fair Mall Name Orange, California Address.

City.State. Zip.

Dec. 1970 Era

And so again we might ask ourselves, even one man can, if he will, change may overwhelm us, that shall bury all

Can anyone ever do enough for his the morale of a whole community. our glory in profound obscurity.

country or for God or for the people Our lives and our civilization itself "Should that catastrophe happen let of our planet with whom we live? depend upon our being good soldiers. it have no history. Let the horrible

Before signing the Declaration of InThis great truth was stated by Daniel narrative never be written. Let its

dependence, our founding fathers wrote Webster, in prophetic language before fate be that of the lost books of Livy above their signatures their own dethe New York Historical Society on which no human eye shall ever read, termination to live by their convictions. February 22, 1852, just before his death. or the missing Pleiad of which no man

They said: "And in support of this Even then he saw some of those dancan ever know more than that it is lost,

declaration, we mutually pledge to gers which are now gathering about us. and lost forever."

each other our lives, our fortunes, and He was trying to help us to be good But this catastrophe must not happen our sacred honor."That was about all soldiers when he said: and it will not happen if we but folthat any of them had to give. And "If we and our posterity shall be true low the directions that have already

they offered it freely, without any to the Christian religion; if we and been given by the greatest of all milireservation. We have much more at they shall live always in the fear of tary authorities. God offered to save

stake, and certainly we should not do God and shall respect his commandSodom and Gomorrah if only ten less. ments;... we may have the highest righteous people could be found thereMajor Martin Treptow, who fought hopes of the future fortunes of our in, and God will prosper us if we will

in World War I, was a good soldier. country, and we may be sure of one faithfully carry forward our doubly

Before he gave his life in the battle of thing: Our country will go on prosperassignment of so serving God and our

ChateauThierry, he wrote in his ing. But if we and our posterity reject country that many hundreds of mildiary, "I will work, I will save, I will religious instruction and authority, lions of truthseeking, freedomloving,

sacrifice, I will endure. I will fight violate the rules of eternal justice, Godfearing men and women may be

cheerfully and do my utmost as though trifle with the injunctions of morality, entitled to the everlasting blessings of the entire conflict depended upon me and recklessly destroy the political conour eternal Heavenly Father. For this

alone."And whether we are engaged stitution which holds us together, no I humbly pray in the name of Jesus

on a moral or a military battlefield, one can tell how sudden a catastrophe Christ. Amen. Q

My dear brothers and sisters, I am haved like great civilizations of the Let me suggest that we reexamine happy to participate with you in the past when they have become selfour standards of right and wrong and wonderful spirit of this conference and indulgent and pleasure ridden, just determine what standards are best for in the beautiful music and inspirabefore they crumbled. ourselves and for the common good of

tional messages we have listened to. I But where do we go from here? Do our fellowmen.

feel that these messages are particularly we have a new frontier or goal? I am convinced that neither science

applicable at this time. It seems to me that we should seek nor philosophy can satisfactorily anFrequently we hear that our nation the success of the inner man, now that swer these questions but that the gosis at the crossroads of advancement or our affluent society has furbished the pel of Jesus Christ can.

fall, and this could well be a correct outer man so extensively. We bear witness to the world that

analysis of the present situation. We could search for paths to family God the Father and his Son Jesus Christ

Many have twisted moral values to harmony, more and better relatedness have appeared to the Prophet Joseph suit themselves, have scoffed at into God and our fellowmen, and inner Smith in this dispensation and restored tegrity, and have become victims of a ease instead of tension. the gospel of Jesus Christ in its fullness

feverish tension, lacking the one thing Our new frontier and goal might and that there is a prophet of God on they want most—inner peace. To a well be that of making a rich and rethe earth today, our beloved President

considerable extent this nation has bewarding life. Joseph Fielding Smith.

The gospel of Jesus Christ is a plan When one accepts the standard of the sweeter will be your sleep, the of life and teaches that all men are being honest with himself and commits brighter your holidays and the better children of God. The gospel clearly himself to this end, he has made a satisfied the whole world will be with

sets out standards of right and wrong. tremendous step toward happiness and you."(Bob Burdette, in Leaves of

As an example, in this dispensation success. Gold.)

the Lord has counseled, "Thou shalt Each of us is endowed with the Good work habits include such not steal,"and "Thou shalt not lie."right to choose good or evil, and we qualities as dependability, loyalty to

(D&C 42:2021.) should recognize that men do not sucemployer, willingness to go the extra

These standards require a person to ceed, neither are they destroyed by mile, and finding happiness and purbe honest and truthful and respect the other people or conditions, but rather pose in your work.

property rights of others, and are for by their own decisions. Now, concerning good study habits,

the common good of all. Honesty to one's own self embraces let us consider why we read and study:

The apostle Paul, in facing a situagood health habits, good work and to be informed, to gain wisdom and tion somewhat similar to our time, study habits, a determination to be knowledge that will be of value to us, wrote the Roman saints and enumerof some useful service to others, and, to grow and develop. Yes, reading can

ated several standards, saying, "The as the apostle Paul says, an avoidance become a most pleasant and profitable night is far spent, the day is at hand: of rioting, drunkenness, chambering, way to regularly spend a portion of

let us therefore cast off the works of wantonness, strife and envying. our time.

darkness and let us put on the armour We recognize that our body is the The Lord has told us that "the glory of light. temple of God and that the Spirit of of God is intelligence, or, in other

"Let us walk honestly, as in the day; God dwells in us, and with such words, light and truth"(D&C 93:36),

not in rioting and drunkenness, not in knowledge we should do everything and that "it is impossible for a man to chambering and wantonness, not in possible to strengthen our bodies. This be saved in ignorance"(D&C 131:6),

strife and envying."(Rom. 13:1213.) necessarily means the avoidance of and "whatever principle of intelligence

Many times the apostle Paul emphatobacco, liquor, tea, and coffee, the use we attain unto in this life, it will rise sized the importance of being honest, of drugs and anything that harms or with us in the resurrection.

and his life, in every way, exemplified defiles the body. "And if a person gains more knowlthis great eternal principle. Likewise, good thoughts that assist edge and intelligence in this life

As we incorporate the gospel princione to grow and develop and to be of through his diligence and obedience ples or standards into our lives, we use and service to his fellowmen stimuthan another, he will have so much the have the confidence and respect of our late mental and physical health, advantage in the world to come."

fellowmen, enjoy love and harmony in whereas degrading thoughts built (D&C 130:1819.)

our family relationships, and are around obscenity, immorality, strife, Mr. Alfred C. Fuller, the founder of

blessed with peace of mind. We are stealing, cheating, and lying result in the Fuller Brush Company, had this

indeed living the good life. ultimate destruction. to say about his study of the Bible:

The English author Charles Dickens To be honest with ourselves, we must "What most impressses me as I look wrote, "We wear the chains we forge adopt good mental and physical health backward, is the immense application in life."How true this is, and how habits as our standards; we know that I have made of Bible truths in my

important it is to forge a chain that good health of body and mind confamily life. From lack of education, I

will bring a rich and rewarding life tribute to a rich and rewarding life, relied on the Bible as my text book, and remember that the diminutive a clear conscience, and inner peace. in every conceivable problem that

chains of habit are generally too small Again, good work and study habits arose. Only when I deviated from this

to be felt until they are too strong to are of major importance in living a teaching did I fail.

be broken. rich and rewarding life. "He who does not live daily in its

In forging a strong chain of life, the There are some who contend that guidance is foolish for he is rejecting habit of honesty can well become one hard work isn't necessary today in the greatest source of personal profit of the brightest and strongest links. order to be successful and happy, but that exists in the world. The Bible is

There is great power in centering this is not true. the best 'howto-doit'book ever comone's attention upon an ideal or prinThe gospel plan requires each of us piled and it covers every fundamental

ciple such as honesty. But in the minds to work out our own salvation, our that anyone really needs to know."

of many the real meaning of honesty, happiness, growth, and development. Let us be honest with ourselves and

as a moral value, has been terribly Let me quote a part of a letter writget into the habit of reading and studytwisted. ten by an anxious father to his son ing, the Bible and the other standard

Honest thinking and honest acting to emphasize this matter: works of the Church as a guide to a

are desperately needed in today's "My son, remember you have to rich and rewarding life.

society. work. Whether you handle a pick or One of the greatest blessings the

The dictionary defines honesty as wheelbarrow, or a set of books, editing Church affords its members is an opthe quality of being truthful, incor- a newspaper or writing a funny story, portunity for each to serve his fellows ruptible, and free from deceit and you must work. in many different ways. We receive

fraud. "Work gives you appetite for your great joy, happiness, and individual

In thinking of honesty, we may first meals, it lends solidity to your slumber, growth and development by being think of our relations with others, but it gives you an appreciation of a active in church service.

in many respects it is more important holiday. Let us be honest with ourselves and

to be honest with ourselves. "There are young men who do not never turn down an opportunity to

In the play Hamlet, Shakespeare has work but the country is not proud of serve in building and serving the kinghis character Polonius saying to his son them. It does not even know their dom of God.

Laertes, "This above all: to thine own names. So find out what you want to When one is honest with himself,

self be true, And it must follow, as the be and do. Take off your coat and he cannot be unfaithful to his family,

night the day, Thou canst not then be make the dust fly. The busier you are unfair to his employer, or disloyal to

false to any man."(Act 1, sc. 3.) the less harm you are apt to get into, his God and country.

Era, December 1970 83 We should exert our best efforts to learn than honesty? What better can family harmony, more and better reaccomplish our righteous objectives, he learn than to use the principle of latedness to God and our fellowmen,

utilizing every legitimate means but honesty in doing his best? in learning and inner ease instead of inner tension.

not permitting ourselves to commit a the best things in life? in reading the Thus we will achieve our new frontier

wrong in our quest for the right. It is best books? in mingling with the best and goal of a rich and rewarding life.

better to lose than to win an unjust people? in doing the best things? May we commit ourselves to this end,

or dishonest cause. In so doing we are seeking the suc- I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

What better, then, can a person cess of the inner man and will find Amen. O

When the Savior walked the earth, our day, a knowledge of the proper choose other seventy besides the first he chose twelve men and placed them place and function of priesthood offices seventy to whom they belong, and are in charge of his Church. These men was revealed. Apostles and prophets to preside over them;

were the Twelve Apostles. They were were again placed at the head of the "And also other seventy, until seven

also designated especial witnesses. They Church, with power to administer all times seventy, if the labor in the vinetestified that Jesus was the Christ. the affairs of the kingdom. yard of necessity requires it.

They directed all the work of the Two weeks after the calling of the "And these seventy are to be travelChurch. Twelve, another body of men was ing ministers, unto the Gentiles first

Luke tells us, in a sketchy account, called and organized. This body was and also unto the Jews."(D&C

of another body of men likewise called the First Quorum of the Seventy. Their 107:9597.)

to a special calling. No doubt these duties, and the duties of seventies in Their special duties were designated:

men were to assist the Twelve. general, were unfolded in revelations "The Seventy are also called to

"After these things the Lord apto the modern prophet. Several things preach the gospel, and to be especial

pointed other seventy also, and sent were made clear: witnesses unto the Gentiles and in all

them two and two before his face into First, that the presiding officers of the world—thus differing from other

every city and place, whither he himthis quorum were constituted different officers in the church in the duties of self would come. from those of any other quorum: their calling."(D&C 107:25.)

"Therefore said he unto them, The "And it is according to the vision And so it is today. The first seven

harvest truly is great, but the labourers showing the order of the Seventy, that presidents of the First Quorum of the are few: pray ye therefore the Lord of they should have seven presidents to Seventy act under the direction of the

the harvest, that he would send forth preside over them, chosen out of the Twelve. We consider it an honor to

labourers into his harvest."(Luke number of the seventy; serve under the inspired leadership of

10:1-2.) "And the seventh president of these these great men. We wholeheartedly

It is recorded later in this same presidents is to preside over the six."sustain the leadership they give to

chapter: (D&C 107:9394.) the great missionary program of the

"And the seventy returned again Second, that these brethren were to Church, in both the fulltime and the with joy, saying, Lord, even the devils act under the direction of the Twelve: stake missionary work.

are subject unto us through thy name.""The Seventy are to act in the name Worldwide missionary work actually

(Luke 10:17.) of the Lord, under the direction of the began when the Savior introduced an

During the subsequent apostasy that Twelve or the traveling high council, apostolic dispensation in the meridian followed the establishment of the in building up the church and reguof time. His commission to his Twelve

Church, an understanding of this lating all the affairs of the same in all was:

priesthood office and the duties of the nations, first unto the Gentiles and "Go ye therefore, and teach all naseventy was lost to the world. Without then to the Jews."(D&C 107:34.) tions, baptizing them in the name of

revelation men could know neither the The third thing made clear was that the Father, and of the Son, and of the duties nor power of the seventy. other seventy also were to be called: Holy Ghost:

When the gospel was restored in "And these seven presidents are to "Teaching them to observe all things

84 Era, December 1970 } e

II I Invest now in P SUPPLY HEADQUARTERS

BANK OF

SALT LAKE HELP!

is This when your insurance man and enjoy has to for go to work you. To make

sure he will, make sure now he's DESERET SUPPLY CO.

an independent insurance agent. Box 1 1 1 1 Redlands, Calif. 92373 His job is to serve you first when

you need help most. We're independent agents. Call us any time. EQUITY YOUR/W/Ir/Independent over400items

. InsurancejagentSERVES YOU FIRST YEAR'S SUPPLY

COMPLETE FOOD PACKAGE plus HEBER J. GRANT & CO. Tasty Nutritionally Balanced

Variety LongStorage Life

Large varieties of wetpack and dehydrated items... PLUS many

NEW freezedried foods! %

HAND For8y2as little as $248.75 you can invest in one of Utah's fastest GRINDERKodak Film QUALITY DEVELOPING growing banks. You'll enjoy a high only

rate interest plus of 8Vz% an $11.95 in SAVE UP TO 50% equity of Salt Lake Bank

KODACOLOR Developing and Jumbo Prints throughmon stock.ownership of its comquantity discounts

8 Exposure Rolls: $2.55 Save 77$ This new offering, made through Unique

12 Exposure Rolls: $2.75 Save $1.73 the prospectus, consists of Units FAMILY SURVIVAL GARDEN Capital Stock and Common Reprints from Negs: $.19 ea. Save 10Y of

*j Notes. ne\UU Va,'U buys Each $248.75

'life) * max. storage one for(vacuumpacked

KODACHROME or EKTACHROME 8V2% Capital Note and 45 shares Seeds to feed a family only $4.50

Developed into Slides or Movie Film of Common Stock. Of four for Six months! Limited supply.

For full details on this sound

D 35mm, 20 Mtd. Slides: $1.35 Save 90( investment opportunity, send to35mm, 36 Mtd. Slides: $2.40 Save $1.20 day for a free copy of the offerSuper 8 or 8mm Movie: $1.35 Save 90$ ing circular.

Developing and Jumbo Prints A FULLSERVICE B & W MEMBER F.D.I.C. AND MASTERCHARGE BANK

12 Exposure Rolls: $.99 Save 850

Jumbo Prints: $.08 ea. Save 4$ BANK OF SALT LAKE

3081 South State Street ADDITIONAL SAVINGS FOR

GENEALOGY PHOTOS orSalt260LakeSouthCity,13thUtahEast DESERET FOOD CLUB MEMBERS

Negs. from old photos: $.60 Save 40$ Please send a free copy of the OfferBIG SAVINGS ON ALL STORAGE FOODS!

Prints from negatives: $.08 Save 4$ ing Circular to:

Utah order: Min. INSTRUCTIONS: $1.00 Name ORDER TODAY! film Sales dents Place Tax add & remitresi- 3V2%

Address mail to: and tance envelope in heavy

City DESERETP.O. Box SUPPLYTill CO. | Bgjj jjjmt eo.

Calif. 923731 1/'Redlands, State M PHOTO LABSAM'S Zip ask opportunities about distributorship

P.O. 2, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 Box 1115. Dept.

gram for finding families, and may be invited to train High Priests and others to assist in this program and in various other ways of finding the investigator."

As you can see, the work is to go forward in an orderly and systematic way.

The Regional Representatives of the

Twelve will soon come to stake leaders with a full explanation of this program.

Stake mission presidents will be invited to attend these regional meetings during the first six months of 1971.

This is the decade of the seventies!

This is the time to step forward, to honor the confidence placed in us by the Twelve. This is the time to magnify the priesthood assignment given

to us through revelation today. We are

confident, brethren of the seventies, that you will accept and accomplish this work. "Therefore, let every man stand in his own office, and labor in his own calling;... that the system may be

whatsoever I have commanded you. remember a meeting held in the Askept perfect."(D&C 84:109110.)

..."(Matt. 28:1920.) sembly Hall in 1965. At that meeting There is reason for this great emphaWith the restoration of the gospel, President Harold B. Lee said: sis upon missionary work in the world

that same commission was announced. "The door is opening for you as today. The Lord gave that reason in

"Verily, verily, I stay unto you, they leaders to bring your seventies and the eighteenth section of the Doctrine who believe not on your words, and walk through that open door. You and Covenants:

are not baptized in water in my name, must see to it that with all the strength "Remember the worth of souls is for the remission of their sins, that you possess from training, from an ungreat in the sight of God;

they may receive the Holy Ghost, shall derstanding of the gospel, to support "And if it so be that you should be damned, and shall not come into the leadership of the First Council of labor all your days in crying repentance my Father's kingdom.... the Seventy, acting under the direction unto this people, and bring, save it be

"And this revelation unto you, and of the Twelve and the First Presidency one soul unto me, how great shall be commandment, is in force from this... walk through that open door and your joy with him in the kingdom of

very hour upon all the world, and the demonstrate now that never again so my Father!"(D&C 18:10, 15.)

gospel is unto all who have not refar as you have strength will you lose Some may wonder how one soul ceived it. your grasp upon the opportunity that could be worth the labor of a lifetime.

"But, verily I say unto all those to is now being offered to you."We live in a world of temporal and

whom the kingdom has been given We have been heartened, brethren, transitory things. Many fail to underit be preachedfrom response you the must given have unto by which you of soul his the nature stand man—that

.".. Italics 84:7476. projectsthem. to the various which have* is eternal! we (D&C soul is indeed worth Man's

added.) administered in the past. In reality, a lifetime of effort to save.

Our mandate is clear. We have a they have been training exercises to One other thing—the saver of souls,divine commission. We have been strengthen us for this great task which together with him who is saved, shall

counseled by modern prophets that the Twelve have now laid upon our be found in the kingdom of our Father.

every member has a missionary obligashoulders. I quote excerpts from the To you brethren of the Twelve, we

tion. Today, in the new Priesthood new Priesthood Missionary Handbook: of the First Council pledge our greatest

Missionary Handbook, a program is "Seventies serve as stake missionaries effort to bring many souls into the greatoutlined that can of virtue their make that conby priesthood office kingdom. in forward will move We

..."cept a reality. set become program being apart. without The faith in this ministry the of sharing

rests on the members of the priesthood. "... the stake mission presidency are gospel of Jesus Christ. We feel humble

Since the seventies have a special mis-... [to] serve... as presidents in the as we view the magnitude of the task

sionary calling, the Brethren have seventies quorum...."you have assigned us. We nevertheless

placed the primary responsibility upon "... Seventies and stake and fullhave courage and confidence that bethe seventies quorums in the Church. time missionaries... are to coordinate cause this is the work of the Lord, and

As the First Council of the Seventy, with home teachers, under the direction because you and we are his servants, we are determined to accomplish the of the bishop and quorum leaders,..."there will be a plenteous harvest.

mission the Twelve have given us. We—thereby helping families to discharge As for myself, I really want to help

now call upon all seventies everywhere their missionary responsibility. save a soul. I would like to have some

to learn their duty and to be anxiously "... missionary work should be done one person stand in the congregation

engaged in doing it. We propose to on a ward basis."of the righteous at that great day and

have this great work go forward in a "The seventies group leader... say, "He it was who brought me into

better, more effective way than ever serves as the ward mission leader."the kingdom."

before. "... the ward mission leader should In the'name of Jesus Christ.

Some presidents of the seventies will conduct among the Seventies the proAmen. o

I stand before you, my beloved felparticipated in some of your stake conhas stood by my side through trial low Saints, in deep humility. As I ferences, stayed in your homes, and and joy, disappointment and triumph,

view this vast audience of Church felt your humble spirit of service and and has contributed inspiration and leaders and many friends for the first true dedication to the task of "strengthstrength to our family as a loving wife, time as a General Authority, the feelening thy brethren."mother, and counselor. Our sons and

ings in my soul on this day have been I have had the privilege of going to daughter and their loved ones are expressed by Alfred, Lord Tennyson as some of the overseas missions and visitstrong, sturdy, and dependable and he wrote, "There are times which are ing individually with your sons and committed to the building of the kingtoo full for sound or foam."Some daughters—many future leaders of this dom of God as a result of her greatevents and incidents happen in our church—and I have borne testimony influence.

lives that somehow are so overwhelmwith them to those out in the world I can also appreciate and understand ing, and yet seem to be tied so closely who seem to say, "Is there any word Nephi's acknowledging good parents.

to Divine Power—and influence—and from the Lord?""Where shall we My own mother, left a widow far too

yet we feel so inadequate and unturn?""Is there something true and early in her life, never shirked her duty

prepared. real to believe?"And I have been able to her children's spiritual training.

Six months ago, as President Tanner to proclaim with your sons and daughMany a lesson was taught me at her directed me by the arm down the long ters to them that the gospel of Jesus bedside during her long illness. Her

corridor to the First Presidency's office, Christ has been restored with all the testimony never wavered; I understood

there to look into the faces of our living authority, keys, and blessings necessary and felt it early in life.

prophet and President Lee. and Presifor the individual salvation of all who My father has always been my ideal.

dent Tanner, I knew in my soul that will repent and be baptized and keep Ever since I was a small boy, I've

I was in the presence of the Lord's his commandments. wanted to be like my father—to serve

anointed. I knew not what may lie The testimony of the truthfulness people, to assist them whenever posahead, but one thing was certain: I of this work that burns in my soul has sible, to be concerned and to assist the

was already committed in my heart to been assisted and encouraged in its Church and community. My father, as

serve the Master, wherever and whennurturing by the lives of many people, did his father, responded to calls from ever called. some of whom I must humbly acknowlthe leadership of the Church and folWe have been taught, and we beedge on this particular day. Someone lowed their direction. I hope and pray

lieve, that we all are children of God has compared our lives to that of the that it will ever be thus with my posand fellow citizens in the body of mighty Mississippi. As it flows into the terity. When my father died, the local

saints. We are sincere believers, thus ocean, it is the end product of many newspaper editorialized:

enabling us to know him better, to sources: streamlets—some large, some "We have lost our greatest and betrust him absolutely, to serve him small—melting snow from the Rockies, loved citizen. He was ever foremost

faithfully, and to proclaim to all the and tiny springs; but they have all had in every movement to better the comworld, as did Andrew to his brother an influence and effect. So it has been munity. As bishop of the First Ward,

Simon, 'We have found the Messiah."with me. Many of those great influhe was the very father of it. His loss is

I know he lives, that he is real, that he ences have passed on, but many of felt throughout the state of Idaho....

stands at the head of this, his church, them are here today. He was ever on the side of morality

the only true church on the face of It has been said that to develop good and good government."

the earth. thoughts and acts, we must live and My grandfather set the tone for his

These first few weeks of my new associate with good people. The Lord sons. Starting at age 17 he made seven

calling have been most eventful with blessed me with my lovely companion trips across the plains, assisting immideep, rich spiritual experiences. I have—my, how he blessed me—one who grant trains requiring help. He served

Era, December 1970 87 with Lot Smith, scouting Johnston's queath to his children than a good (D&C 1:19, 18.) May my weaknesses

army in the interest of the Saints. With name; nor is there in a family any be made strong enough to fulfill my

his wife and family he responded to richer heirloom than the memory of a obligation and desire.

the request to leave his green acres in noble ancestor."I pledge my love and support to the

Farmington and help colonize and I prayerfully and humbly request First Presidency, the Council of the organize a stake in southern Idaho. the help that only the Lord can furTwelve, and to my other fellow assoThey were a closeknit family. nish. Perhaps I need it to a greater ciates of the General Authorities; and

My grandmother was the first coundegree than anyone else, as I embark to them, and to all of you, I testify selor to Aurelia Rogers in the original on this calling in the ministry. I take that I will labor diligently and, I hope,

Primary organization. Her eight chilcomfort from the Lord's promise in effectively in using the talents that the

dren helped swell the first class. the Doctrine and Covenants when he Lord has given me to help prepare for

On this day I honor the memory of said, "The weak things of the world his coming and to assist in the building some who have helped mold my life shall come forth and break down the and strengthening of his kingdom here and character. Someone has written. mighty and strong ones,... and all on earth now. In the name of Jesus

"No better heritage can a father bethis that it might be fulfilled,-..."Christ. Amen. O

to Be We Are Going What We Live Like

Elder Richard L. Evans

Of the Council of the Twelve

President Smith; my beloved brothfactors in life—one that could reduce the sake of his soul—and the same is

ers and sisters—all our Father's chilrestlessness, protest, and discontent true of those who have learned to live

dren everywhere: These choice young would be for all of us to use in more on very little. Work is a physical and

people here, whose music we have useful ways the best of our abilities, spiritual necessity.

heard, bring to mind all the unnumwith some awareness that the Father of Anyone, young or old, would be restbered others who, worldwide, are lookus all might somehow, sometime shake less if he didn't have a useful part in ing for a way of life. If what follows us and say (which he has, in more helping to bring good things about; a

shall reach their hearts and yours, it ways than we sometimes seem to be rewarding and meaningful work to do.

will be so because of your faith and aware of ): "I have given you life. Now Some don't know where things come

prayers, and I pray that it may be so. you make the most of it!"from as well as they once did. It's

There comes to mind a mother who When our Father sent our first parso easy to go to the shop or the market was concerned with what her daughter ents out from Eden, he pronounced, as without being aware of the toil of was, or wasn't, doing with her talents I read it, the principle of work: "In plowing and planting, of making and

and opportunities, and the mother one the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat producing, or what it takes to bring day shook her daughter impatiently bread "(Gen. 3:19.) "... cursed is things about. Someone has to do

and said: "I've given you life. Now you the ground for thy sake,"he said. everything—not only the easy and

do something with it!"(Gen. 3:17. Italics added.) glamorous things, but every routine and

We could conceive of the Father of For thy sake. Work is a principle, tedious task. Someone has to do everyus all saying about the same: "I've a privilege, a blessing—not a curse thing.

given you life. Now you do something but an absolute essential, a physical We need to give our young people

with it! Now make the most of it! I've and spiritual necessity. the economic facts of life—as well

given you time, intelligence, the good Much restlessness and difficulty on as the moral and spiritual facts: what it

earth and all it offers—now use it."the part of young people comes because means to produce; what it means

One of the most wasteful wastes in they have often been overly insulated to meet a payroll; what it means to prothe world is the waste of time, of opfrom challenging and meaningful asvide for a family; what it means to

portunity, of creative effort, with indifsignments, with an overemphasis on save—what it means to stay solvent.

—theferencedon't-care,to learning,dropout,indifferencewhat's-theto work leisureEven ifanda personon workinghas alllesstheandwealthless. Iwholesomethink thoseworkwhoforprovideother productive,people are

use attitude. And one of the steadying he wants, he still needs to work for in a way heroic. Thank God for them.

88 Era, December 1970 'LocatedLake, HiCountryjust 25 Estatesminutes combinesfrom downtownall the comSalt forts of the country with all the conveniences of the city... golf... horseback riding... hunting

... all utilities... controlled access... and Cut out many other pleasures.

If you're the kind of person that would love to live in the country, but your livelihood requires you to live in Salt Lake City, HiCountry Estates in live Salt Lake don't for you. If you is perfectfive acres

to the ground get in City, looking on but you're floor of a great investment opportunity, HiCountry Estates is perfect for you, too.

And to make sure it doesn't look like a congested city in a few years, we're only selling it in sections of five acres or more, starting at $1250 an acre with reasonable terms. So if you're longing for

the good old country life, or just a darn good investment, now's the time to cut out.seclusion

Now to touch a moment or two on what we are willing to uphold, to some other subjects: support, to pay for. But we can't do it

We have the laws of life. We have in indifference. And each one will

Godgiven standards, and we realize realize the results of what he does and the results of the way we live life thinks—the results of how he lives his

and rationalizing won't change the outlife.

come. Virtue is still virtue. Evil is still And to you, beloved young people

evil. everywhere, to you who are searching

And I come to you today with a for answers, you who have made mis- "What About Thad"simpledeal in theories.assertion "IthatknowGodthisdoesworldnotis ortakes,carelesslyto you whoor adverselyhave beeninfluenced:mistaught

The haunting story of a ruled by Infinite Intelligence,"said Don't let pride, or wrong habits, or "It Infiappetites, or A. Edison. required stubbornness get in the Thomas lonely boy somehow

it it nite Intelligence to realizing create of your and the highest way posneglect- overlooked and it life. sibilities requires Infinite of Intelligence to keep

ed by his teachers and its quickly. passes on Youth course.... It is mathematical waning The

Is leaders. there a boy in its precision."years sooner come suppose, than you

like Thad in your ward? The seasons, the sunshine, the growand then there comes the leaving of

ing of seeds; heat and cold; the life of this life, and the everlasting future that

a child; the harvest we have—these are follows.

not theory, and the same authority that Live so as to be at peace. Be clean,

runs the universe on such precision beloved young friends. Clean is one of

also gave us commandments to keep, the most wonderful of words. Be comcommandments that are still in force. fortable. No one will ever be comfort-

I MP', f I; And I wouldn't know anywhere to turn able without being clean. Life can be

for a purposeful way to live life, exwholesome, with inner peace and solid cept the way prescribed by the Adminhope as you live the law, keep the istrator of heaven and earth. After all, commandments, and humble yourwhose little wisdom would we turn selves before our Father.

to? He has given us no commandment Live so that you can face yourself,

that is not necessary—and I witness to your Father in heaven, and all men

you that the spiritual and moral laws everywhere.

are as much in force as are the physiEach one of you is precious, priceless.

cal laws, and each person is going to Each one of you is all he has. Life is

he what he lives like. all you have. Be kind, be virtuous.

"A Very There is a statement from William Respect and cherish parents. Make

Different Jamesally usedthatto Presidentquote: "RipMcKayVan occasionWinkle, cerely.prayerfulLivechoices.in dignityLoveandandhonestyserve sinand

World"in Jefferson's Play, excuses himself for honor. Respect facts. Test them by the

A dedicated team of every fresh dereliction by saying, T standards God has given. Live by the

doctors, nurses and volwon't count this time!'Well, he may law, and the gospel of our Lord and

unteers working to innot count it; and a kind heaven Savior will lead you to peace and

it not count possibilities is being but the happiness highest and recovery may sure the speedy nonetheless. counted of his everlasting among it, Down

patients. of their

cells fibres, are the nerve molecules Remember, beloved remember, and my Olife.

counting it, registering and scoring it young friends, that our Lord and up to be used against him."(The Laws Savior hasn't deceived us. He hasn't

of Habits.) said that it was a broad way, an easy

it or that could be for the way, reached by is so, thank God or principle indifference indulgence. he has said He INSPIRATIONAL principleSince thisof repentance—a

gave us because he knew we'd need it. to us fairly and forthrightly: "Enter ye

But our repentance must be sincere in at the strait gate: for wide is the LDS and not the kind that keeps repeating gate, and broad is the way, that leadthe same foolish, stupid mistakes. We eth to destruction, and many there be

must move from weak or willful miswhich go in thereat:

is strait doing resolute honest, "Because the gate, repentance, to an narand FILMSBYU BYU EDUCATIONAL SOUTHWESTERN to is the have the peace leadeth way, if we are unto which and happirow FILM SERVICES MEDIA CENTER

Herald c o Movie Building Center life. of life. of the West ness

Brigham 601 North University 4th R. YoungClark Avenue

Evil There..."aren't(Matt.any7:1314.)careless, easy shortTucson. is raw, lewd, bold, and unArizona Prove. Utah 84601 85705

Ext. 6235853 (602) (801)3741211 =2713 is that there that go no cuts anywhere anyone abashed-—and greedy—but BYU DESERET CANADIAN BOOK COMPANY

is gain in this world's goods that worth he what knew was doing who would FILM Film CENTER Department

- East 44 South Temple 2300 23rd Avenue South life really of to go. the compromising or morals want one

Salt City. Lake Lethbndge. Utah 84111 Alberta

I leave person. never patronyoung should that 3288191 witness you Canada (801) my God We

3281492 RICKS FILM BYU CENTER (403) ize is evil degree, this but that should in any his lives, and his work,

BYU First EASTERN Street 225 dedicate ourselves to his create his for a clean plan and church, purpose and Falls. FILM Idaho Idaho CENTER 83401

5234682 (208) c o Films. Inc. Association in for children, all our wholesome restored environment sinhomes, will who

Grand 600 Avenue BAY BYU AREA our seek, cerely communities, our country. In sincerely accept, and and Ridgefield. N. J. 07657 FILM CENTER

9438200 res. (201) NYC c Inc. o Association Films, better will enter a lives can have into moral ways many he fully as we your

7369693 Cypress 25358 Avenue if let really physical all and environment to him. of as you we And Hayward, California 94544 BYU MIDWESTERN you—to

7830100 (415) FILM CENTER all in can his children have want ways everywhere, many he it—we us—to

c o Films. Inc. Association BYU LOS ANGELES

Burlington 512 Street FILM CENTER

La Illinois Grange. 60525 Inc. c o Association Films,

3523377 (312) 2221 Olive Street South

Los Angeles, California 90007 (213) 7497165 90 Order from your nearest branch library is saying: "I have given you life. Now tell you the truth. Whom else would Edison, in his last public address

make the most of it!"you trust? Where else would you turn? "My message to you is: Be courageous!

It takes a long time to make a beautiRespect yourselves. Respect others. I have lived a long time. I have seen

ful world. It takes a long time to build Respect life. Respect law. Be faithful. history repeat itself again and again.

a beautiful life, but the process of Be fair. Be productive. Live to be clean... Be as brave as your fathers before

tearing down can quickly do much and comfortable. Life is all you have. you. Have faith! Go forward!"

damage. O my beloved young friends, O make the most of it in cleanliness, in God bless you, and peace be withyour Father in heaven doesn't deal in honor and honesty. Don't run your you, this day—and always, I pry in

theory. What he has said is so. Trust life against the light. the name of our Lord and Saviojf Jesus

him. Trust him who gave you life to "My message to you,"said Thomas Christ. Amen. O

President Smith has asked me to "Upon you my fellow servants, in the think today that of every 1,000 young speak to you briefly. It is always a name of Messiah I confer the Priestmen of your age in the world, one man

privilege to me and an inspiration to hood of Aaron, which holds the keys of holds the priesthood; with this hall full

stand before the priesthood and speak the ministering of angels, and of the of young men of Aaronic Priesthood age to them. It is also a great responsigospel of repentance, and of baptism by tonight, there would be only eight

bility. immersion for the remission of sins; holding the Aaronic Priesthood. What

President Smith has directed his and this shall never be taken again a tremendous privilege, opportunity, remarks almost entirely to the memfrom the earth, until the sons of Levi blessing, and responsibility.

bers of the Melchizedek Priesthood. I do offer again an offering unto the How important it is to live to enjoy

should like to address mine to a group Lord in righteousness."(D&C 13.) the Spirit and blessings of the Lord,

of the finest young men in all the What a tremendous privilege, opporand the respect and confidence of parworld, the holders of the Aaronic or tunity, and responsibility to hold the ents, friends, and church leaders, and

Lesser Priesthood. priesthood! It is just as binding on us the Lord himself, particularly so you

I should like to address my remarks as the covenant which President Smith can look them in the face with a clear to my grandsons. We have in our read to the Melchizedek Priesthood, conscience, and also yourself in the

family five sonsin-law who hold the because the covenant applies to both mirror, and know that you have been

Melchizedek Priesthood, four grandsons priesthoods to the extent that we hold living as you should.

who hold the Melchizedek Priesthood, those priesthoods, and it will determine The Lord, speaking of Satan when six grandsons who hold the Aaronic our status. he was cast out, said:

Priesthood, and eight grandsons who If we will prove ourselves as we "And he became Satan, yea, even the are preparing themselves to hold the are tried and tested, we will be given devil, the father of all lies, to deceive priesthood. I should like to address my the opportunity to hold this Melchizeand to blind men, and to lead them

remarks to them tonight. dek Priesthood. It is somewhat like captive at his will, even as many as

No greater responsibility can be given going from elementary school to would not hearken unto my voice."

to a young man than to hold the priesthigh school and from high school to (Moses 4:4.)

hood of God, which is the power of college; also going from mortal life He tries to tempt every one of us,

God delegated to him to act in his to eternal life. We will be blessed every one from a deacon to Christ himname in the office which he holds, and according to the way we live. And self. You remember how he tried to

to prepare himself for the Melchizedek may it be said of us, "Well done, tempt Christ. He chooses emissaries,

Priesthood, and to enjoy the blessings thou good and faithful servant: thou those who follow him and those who

of one who is faithful in the priesthood. hast been faithful over a few things, I are too weak to do what is right. These

The Aaronic Priesthood is so imporwill make thee ruler over many things: emissaries will try to point out the

tant that the Lord saw fit to send John enter thou into the joy of thy lord."weaknesses in an individual, in the

the Baptist to Joseph Smith and Oliver (Matt. 25:21.) leaders of the Church, in the organizaCowdery to bestow it upon them, and How fortunate we are to hold the tions, and every place they can find

in these words was it done: priesthood. If you would stop and any weakness at any time, and they

Era, December 1970 91 will be saying, "Don't be a coward; appealed to him about, our youth, as he tion we may all be resurrected; and

don't be a sissy; come on."was on the BYU campus, is that they that this life is not the end but just the

I should like to say to you young men are well selfdisciplined; and they beginning of eternal life.

tonight that not one young man who is seemed to be doing their own thing, May we all appreciate this and do living according to the teachings of the which was doing what they should be our best wherever we are to live worthy gospel and honoring his priesthood doing, and were happy in doing it. of it so that we can look into the mirror

would ever say that to you. I would like you young men to know and see ourselves and say, "Thank the

Thank the Lord that he was strong that those who are frustrated, who are Lord I was strong enough to overcome, enough to say to Satan, "Get thee becomplaining, who are not living as to resist."To you who have weakhind me, Satan,"and I hope we will they should, are not happy. They are ened in any way, who have taken a

be able never to be afraid, as one in frustrated. There is no happiness in cigarette, or anything of the kind, just

one thousand in this world, to honor wrongdoing. They have their probquit it tonight and be happy. You will

our priesthood. Those who succumb lems, and they are not trying to accombe happy. The Lord will bless you.

to temptation are always defeated and plish. Of course I feel sorry for them People will respect you, and you will

miserable, unless they repent. because they do not know as you knowbe successful, and you will be doing

VicePresident Spiro Agnew, when that all of us are spirit children of God. your duty in helping to bring about the

he was speaking to us the other day They do not know that God really immortality and eternal life of man.

as he visited with the First Presidency lives, that Jesus is the Christ; that May we do this, I humbly pray, in

of the Church, said that one thing that through his birth, death, and resurrecthe name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

President Smith, President Lee, and Educational System is impressive: in cates that the Presidency, in their wisPresident Tanner, it is an anxietyaddition to the students already mendom, believe the enrollment at BYU

producing privilege for one to respond tioned, there are 13,000 LDS children should not exceed 25,000. There are

to your invitation to communicate and youth in dozens of Church elenumerous considerations which, I bewith the priesthood about the Church mentary and secondary schools in Mexlieve, underlie the wisdom of the points

Educational System, but it is proper to ico, Chile, and in the Pacific; there are in that presidential letter:

give time and attention to the needs also over 175,000 students in our insti- 1. The density of Church memberof our youth engaged in education. We tutes and seminaries. ship occurs in America where states

have, for instance, 12,000 fulltime The basic guidelines for our Church have highly developed and accessible missionaries, who matter very much; Educational System have been well public posthigh school systems of edu26,000 men and women in the service, laid down by our Church leaders over cation.

who matter very much, also; but there the years and need not be repeated 2. Members of the Church are taxare around 200,000 LDS students enhere. A new but basic document, howpayers to local, state, and federal

rolled imhundreds of colleges and uniever, is the letter of the First Presigovernments in America and their versities around the world. dency dated January 30, 1970, which equivalents in Canada, and are fully

Sixteen percent, or approximately urges Church members to have their entitled to send their sons and daugh32,000, of those 200,000 are enrolled in sons and daughters attend posthigh ters to taxsupported institutions. The

the four posthigh school institutions in school institutions of learning near influence of Church members (whether our own Church Educational System, their home, so that our young can as students or taxpayers) on our public and this is a very important "fold."benefit from the influence of the home, institutions is needed now—more than

But there are 168,000 other LDS stuespecially during their first two years ever.

dents, "which are not of that fold,"of posthigh school education. That 3. The increased effectiveness of

and they, too, need to hear the "voice"document also urges leaders and parcorrelated Church priesthood programs, of the Master through our institute ents to make full use of our seminary such as home teaching, family home program. and institute programs to supplement evenings, of student stakes and wards,

The scope and variety of the Church the home. In addition, the letter indiMIA, and the Student Associations now

permits the priesthood leaders, in some closer identification with our institute cruiting topflight men for careers in instances, to crossthe traditional geoand seminary programs (through the our diverse Church Educational Sysgraphical boundaries governing some Regional Representatives of the Twelve tem; men, some of whom we now

Church programs, in order to support and stake presidents) so that twoway have, such as the spartan seminary and to involve the young members of communication can exist concerning teachers who live with their families the Church. the needs of the young, the quality of in small trailers on remote reservations

4. Those of us who live in areas teaching they receive, and, importantly, in heat, wind, sand, in places with

where there are highly developed pubthe need for priesthood support in renames like Many Farms, Arizona, or in lic systems of posthigh school education, in the spirit of brotherhood, should defer to the needs of our brothers and sisters in other lands where, often, even an elementary education is not possible unless the Church assists in the process.

One of the great challenges the priesthood faces in our time is the inter- "The Spoken Word"from Temnationalization of the Church. This is The ple Square, presented over KSL

not an American church—it is the and the Columbia BroadcastingChurch of Jesus Christ, who is the SpokenWord System October 4, 1970. 1970.

God of all people on this planet, and we must, as the scriptures urge, be as independent as possible so that the // the is not mercykingdom too much at... and give me yesterday"or tides circumstances, theof men and

of nationalism, or the mercurial moods abroad about America. By Richard L. Evans

We have, for instance, more memis anotherbers than of the Church now in Brazil countriesin all of the Scandinavian the unSomeroan withinthree centuriesme that's angryago Thomaswith me."'BrowneThis issaid:descriptive"There of

as plus Holland. havecombined, We easiness of those to of find peace inside themselves. Peace who fail

as in the in Uruguay membersmany is for, is so earnestly wished mind desperately sometimes what so. Andstate of the York, where Church New

was founded. We have as many in it within us that is angry with us? The cause is variable, of course, but

Peru as we do in Missouri, where so in some way or other it would generally be running against the light history made. was Churchmuch We of life: failing to live as we know; disharmony with others, sometimeshave as and in Tonga Samoa many

combined as in Nevada, and more in with ourselves; failing to have a quiet conscience, sometimes from not

these two island clusters than in the doing what we should and could be doing—and sometimes deliberately

state of in have more Wyoming. We misdoing. This brings to said, of Elbert a sentence mind Hubbard, who in Switzerland, PolynesiaFrench than

sins, their are punished by 2 This is a "Men universe them."and not for Philippine in the Islandsand more

than Nebraska, through which our pioof law and order. Nature observes law. The spheres and planets move

neer passed. caravans We have more majestically in their times and seasons. If we want specific results in

in Honduras than in Norway. the physical world, we have to observe law, as scientists, engineers, These comparisons are sobering and

challenging not only for the Church and the makers and builders of things have long since learned. And why

Educational System, but for the entire should man, physically, spiritually, mentally, morally so complex and the transculturalizationChurch. Thus, sensitive, feel that he can run against law and still have the best of life.

materialsof curricular (which is more than translation) represents one of our It simply isn't so. When we abuse ourselves physically, when we do that

greatest challenges. The scriptures urge which damages the sensitive mental and spiritual and moral mechanism,

the Church to speak to men "after the we pay a price, although sometimes the full price isn't immediately taking their their language,"manner of is that the price we pay. is beyond anythingvarious that apparent—and the tragedy weaknesses into account

all "might come to understanding."we can calculate. We remember the words of the person who pleaded:

(D&C 1:24.) "O God! Put back Thy universe and give me yesterday."3 But we can't

Educational our Church We want go back to yesterday. Life moves only one way. We can repent, we can to respondSystem as we can as much

to the special conditions in which our improve, we can do our best to make amends, and we can find peace in members live. Our seminary home wholesome, righteous purpose. But until we change wrong ways, sinstudy program, for instance, was orcerely so, in absolute honesty, there is something angry in us—and

for especially benefitganized the of that isn't a very happy way to live life. "O God! Put back Thy universe isolated areyoung from members who

their Church counterparts, and the and give me yesterday."That isn't the way life runs. But we can live to

response of over 7,000 to this program have peace of mind, without any angry man inside ourselves.

has been excellent!

There are several specific things 'Thomas Browne, Religio Medici, II, 1642.

priesthood leaders and parents can do. 2 Elbert Hubbard, The Philistine, vol. xi, p. 7.

First, priesthood leaders need much 'Henry Arthur Jones, Silver King.

Era, December 1970 93 blizzard country like Pine Ridge, South Where our young are committed on a middle group of skills. For some

Dakota, in order to serve and to teach enough, and fortunate enough, to be of our young, earning power, job opporhundreds of the children of Father able to take institute classes and persist tunities, and satisfaction will be greater

Lehi. One expression of appreciation through graduation, their rate of temif they pursue the path of technical

from an Indian boy included these ple marriage is 95 percent, which is education in their posthigh school moving words: "Before I took LDS a higher percentage than for our reyears, including paramedical careers.

seminary I didn't have very much to turned missionaries. Of course, the Professional education in medicine,

live for.... I had always felt that mere act of attending an institute replaw, nursing, etc., is going to be needed

Indians could not do things as well as resents selfselection, just as attending even more than ever, but all of our white people. Now I know that I am a Church school involves some selfyouth need not be neurosurgeons, and

a child of God. I know that my people selection. But if we are trying to the youth who becomes a craftsman

are of the house of Israel.... The identify paths that our youth can purshould feel just as "approved"as his

Church has given me a reason and sue that will give them a better chance friend who is a microbiologist. Parents,

purpose for living. There is more to of succeeding spiritually, attendance at bishops, and educational counselors

will do well to approach career counseling, bearing in mind that the selection of a career is usually a matter of preference and not principle.

A third suggestion: Education, when

joined with service to others (for learning loses its moral authority unless it reaches out) is clearly related to the development of deserved selfesteem, which controls our capacity to love

God, to love others, and to love life.

We can pursue learning without fear, for the gospel of Jesus Christ incorporates all truth, but it distinguishes between mere fact and saving truths.

We can be patient with the imponderables, especially in view of the relevancy of the gospel of Jesus Christ to the social and political problems of our time, but we must do much more to help our young to see the preventive and prescriptive powers of the gospel for those very problems about which our young are rightfully concerned. For

the gospel tells us that we have a real brotherhood that will last beyond the grave: it is not merely a biological

brotherhood.

The gospel tells us that unchastity can cause inner spiritual "concusPresident Joseph Fielding Smith and President Harold B. Lee, right, meet a conference sions"and "bleeding."Jacob described

visitor, the Most Reverend Eugenios Psalidakis, Archbishop of Crete, left. people in a time of gross unchastity

as being in a circumstance in which "many hearts died, pierced with deep living now than just worrying about seminaries and institutes is clearly a wounds."(Jac. 2:35.) The gospel is

what I will have to eat or what I will major tributary to the stream of relevant in its preachment of love at wear."spirituality. home, which is a solution to many

Elsewhere, in hundreds of homes and A second matter that priesthood leadproblems ranging from aid to dechapels every weekday, earlymorning ers and parents should consider is the pendent children to alienation. And

seminary students and teachers rub need to counsel all of our young more orthodoxy is vital because it increases sleep from eyes that often shine an consistently and helpfully about the human happiness, whether in preventhour later with appreciation. planning of their vocations and careers. ing the misery that grows out of alcoThousand of miles away in lush, This will be a continuing task; it is not holism or in treating the guilt.

tropical islands, our young members something we can talk about once in a A fourth observation: We will also

learn to read and write, and elsewhere stake priesthood meeting and forget. do our young'a great favor if our efmany of our Mexican brothers and One of the basic reasons for the purforts to teach the gospel to them insisters are rapidly preparing themselves suit of education is to equip oneself clude not only teaching by exhortation

as schoolteachers to instruct their own. with marketable skills. The less adand explanation, which are vital, but

Truly, careers in the Church Educavantaged national economies within also by the eloquence of example and tional System offer full scope for all which many of our members outside the confirmation of experience, for the the idealism of the world, but comAmerica live, and the shifting prospects latter two methods weigh very heavily panied with the saving gospel message. with regard to where the career and on the scales of today's youth.

Seminary and institute classrooms job opportunities will be even in Fifth: The home will always be our

represent some of the golden teaching America—both suggest that some addimost vital teaching institution. When

moments for our youth in preparing tional emphasis is needed in the directhe home fails, it will be difficult for them for crowning gospel ordinances. tion of technical education, which bears the other institutions of any culture or

society—political,educational—to compensateeconomic, andfor eventhe common,spirit of overlappingserving Churchproblemsmembers,in the circumstancesschools and universityof thethatmoment;were startedthe

failures in the home. If we poison the rather than letting organizational lines in this valley so soon after the wheels

headwaters of humanity—the home—it hecome immovable, bureaucratic walls, on pioneer wagons and handcarts had

is exceedingly difficult to depollute for, especially in saving souls, "someceased turning.

downstream. If we wish to make our thing there is that doesn't love a wall."Those who possess absolute truths

efforts count in meeting the vexing (Robert Frpst.) need fear no ancillary truth but should

challenges of our time, the ecology of Finally, let us assure our young that pursue learning vigorously, since learneffectiveness suggests of the home that the cadence of the divine commitment ing is good so long as we "hearken unto 'truly, "This is the place!"to education and the quest for truth the counsels of God."When education

Within the basic correlation conecho, like a drum roll, through the is thus pursued by our young today, cepts, which stress the primacy of corridors of dispensational history they should be assured by all of us priesthood and home, I see a new Abraham, a man of God and a brilliant that they are "about"their "Father's spirit of cooperation moving in the astronomer, who pondered the planets business,"and be witnessed to; that

Church. Those charged with programs and considered the cosmos in the lonewhen man has reached the small

that support the home—Elder Marion liness of the desert; Jesus, the Master, "periphery of the spider web of his

D. Hanks, who manages the Student who while yet a youth taught his own reason and logic,"he will find

Association; Elder Marvin J. Ashton, elders in the seat of learning, having the ropes of revelation on which he

who manages Social Services; Brother prepared himself intellectually and can climb upward, forever! May we

James Mason, Commissioner of Health spiritually; Joseph Smith's School of help our youth, I pray in the name of

Services; and the staff of the Church the Prophets, where the enthusiasm for the Master Teacher, Jesus Christ.

Educational System—-are approaching education overrode the discouraging Amen. O

My dear brethren of the priesthood, that many will be led to their television I also noticed that when team mem-

I feel great strength in your presence, sets to hear what I heard this mornbers cooperated and helped one anand I am grateful to my Heavenly ing."I know that many will be led other, the team made the most yardage.

Father for the great discourse of our to the truth as they so do. It was also obvious that when someprophet, President Joseph Fielding Speaking of television, last Monday one broke the rules, there was always

Smith. night my highschool-age son per- a penalty imposed. It sounds a lot

One of the great bits of advice that suaded me to sit down and watch the like life, doesn't it? In talking about

I have received in my life came during second half of a football game. I have this to my boy, he said, "Fifteen yards

my teenage years when a great bishop, always made it a policy that no sacriis nothing; but, Dad, when you ground

just before the President of the Church fice is too great for my boy. So we sat me for three days, that is too much."

was going to visit our area, told a down and watched football. While We also noticed that no one was

group of us "when a prophet of God watching this game, some facts became allowed to make up his own rules as speaks, you listen well."I have tried very apparent. In fact, it had gospel the game progressed. They all lost

to do that all of my life. I am grateful application and priesthood application. their free agency to do that when they

for that advice. I noticed, for example, that there agreed to join the team and play ac-

I have been thrilled with the meetwere no shortcuts to the goal line. It cording to the established rules.

ings of this conference, especially this was a hundred yards in both directions. And last but not least, I noticed

morning when I realized that that ses- I also noticed that the team that when it was all over, the winning team sion was going to be telecast throughseemed to have had the most practice, was a lot happier than the team that out the Midwest and the eastern that did the best planning, that exelost.

states. And my prayer tonight when I cuted their plays the best, and that Now brethren, we believe that "men

retire will be "Heavenly Father, in that had the best team attitude was the are, that they might have joy"; and

potential audience of millions, I pray team that made the most points. joy can best come as we obtain victory

Era, December 1970 95 in the game of life, played according kind and loving Heavenly Father had out of place where he serves.

to the only acceptable rules—those set in mind as he planted in the minds Would you young men here tonight

down by our Heavenly Father. of the brethren the new personal believe skirts as a dress standard for

Speaking of happiness, achieving vicachievement program for the Aaronic deacons? I have seen them in Samoa

tory, and finding the right tools for Priesthood. as our young men pass the sacrament.

reentering the presence of our HeavEach of you is now being introduced The accepted attire of their comenly Father, may I use as a springboard to an achievement journal that, in my munity is the lavalava. I am sure our

for my remarks four or five of the opinion, is one of the greatest tools ever Samoan brethren hope we never have most frequently asked questions and developed to prepare a young man for a rule against deacons'wearing skirts.

comments from youth as they come to the Melchizedek Priesthood. The Our objective should be grooming

members of the Presiding Bishopric. Aaronic Priesthood is a preparatory appropriate to the area, and in all cases

Comment No. 1 from a deacon priesthood, preparatory for only one cleanliness.

right here in Salt Lake City: "This new thing, the Melchizedek Priesthood. It Anything that symbolizes either reachievement program is OK, but why is the Melchizedek Priesthood that will bellion or nonconformity to the local

not let us do our own thing about show us the way to temple blessings community standard will likely be a church? Some of us don't like to be and to other great horizons that are not distraction to those partaking of the

tied down to specific goals and comvisible nor understood by many who Lord's Supper. Conservative dress and

mitments."are starting out. manner have always been the keynote

May I say. first of all, you young No longer will the bishop spend two of priesthood service. If there is a

men of the Aaronic Priesthood are not or three minutes asking a few routine probability that the members you serve ordinary young men. Each of you has questions pertaining to personal worthiare thinking more about your nonmade a sacred covenant in the waters ness. Each of you young men will have standard appearance than about the

of baptism. Each of you has been given as much time as may be required with atoning sacrifice of the Savior, then

that rare privilege of the Holy Ghost the bishop to talk just about you and you had better take a long, hard look as a constant companion. Each of you about your personal problems, about at yourself before next Sunday. As we

has received the sacred covenant of his your hopes and about your ambitions, consider these matters, I speak not only holy priesthood about which President and about your goals for the comingto the Aaronic Priesthood but also to

Smith spoke so eloquently here toyear. All this is made possible by those who preside in the Melchizedek

night. Each of you has access to the starting your achievement year on or Priesthood.

truth. Yes, each of you is a member near your birthday. By this process, Here is an interesting comment from

of the world's greatest brotherhood, the not more than one or two young men a priest: "If I could just know for

priesthood, with God the Father and a week will be on the bishop's agenda, sure—by some special manifestation

his Son Jesus Christ at the head. thus giving ample opportunity and time then I would devote my life to the

With all of these advantages, what to get to know one another better and work."

are we going to do about it? The scripto set goals for the next year that will A miracle in the heavens tonight

tures tell us that where much is given, be meaningful. Your goals will percould be simply performed by our

much is expected. Sometimes an eternal haps be unlike any other set of goals Heavenly Father, who created heaven

in the entire Church. They will be and earth, but I am grateful that such

customized just for you according to is not part of his plan. Firm and lastyour needs, not just on meeting ating testimonies are not created in such

tendance alone but other Church- a manner. As the Lord has said, "...

related goals such as mission preparaline upon line, precept upon precept.

tion, missionary activity, seminary and..."(D&C 98:12.) He further stated:

institute training, perhaps even welfare "My doctrine is not mine, but his that and genealogical work in terms of your sent me. If any man will do his will,

interest and understanding. he shall know of the doctrine, whether

There will be personal goals that it be of God, or whether I speak of might well touch on your dayto-day myself."(John 7:1617.)

and weekto-week planning, your fiMany of us had similar thoughts as nancial program (such as it might be), we became impatient along the way, personal prayer habits, a program for particularly during our teenage years.

keeping your body well and strong, Even President David O. McKay has

plus other ideas for selfimprovement, told us about kneeling by a serviceincluding goals on being a better berry bush as a boy in Huntsville to neighbor, a better member of your find out once and for all about the community; yes, even some academic truth of the work. May I quote Presior vocational goals. dent McKay as he tells of that occaLet's hear another question. A priest sion:

in Idaho wants to know, "What does "I knelt down and with all the fervor the length of my hair have to do with of my heart poured out my soul to passing or blessing the sacrament?"God and asked him for a testimony of

goal can seem rather remote in the Lately, this has been the most popular this gospel. I had in mind that there

mind of a teenage boy. To travel from question. would be some manifestation; that I

where you are to where you would like, For good reason, the First Presidency should receive some transformation that to be seems overwhelming and almost have not stipulated the number of would leave me absolutely without impossible. The secret is to live the inches. I would feel bad if the good doubt.

best you know how just one day at a Navajo brother could not administer at "I got up, mounted my horse, and time, and if the day seems too long, the sacrament table because his hair is as he started over the trail, I remember we should break it down into hours or long enough to be braided. Long hair rather introspectively searching myself

even minutes. This is exactly what a is the custom of his people. He is not and involuntarily shaking my head,

saying to myself, 'No, sir, there is no When the standard works of the this world is trying harder to achieve change; I am just the same hoy I was Church instruct me about obeying, perfection than your fine leaders in

hefore I knelt down.'The anticipated honoring, and sustaining the law, I the priesthood: your bishopric, your

manifestation had not come.... want to do it. I even believe that our stake presidency, your high council,

"However, it did come, hut not in elected national leaders are basically and your advisers. But we are all in

the way I had anticipated. Even the honest men and base their decisions this mortal stream together, all of us,

manifestation of God's power and the upon what they believe to be for the you and your leaders, and me. We are

presence of his angels came; but when good of the people as they see it. all in together and, I hope, trying to

it did come, it was simply a confirmaLast but not least, I also believe that do better each day. Let us all try to

tion, it was not a testimony."(Treas- a prophet of God will let me know help one another with shortcomings.

ures of Life, [Deseret Book Company. about any change of policy in the To criticize and run down is to aid the

1962], pp. 22930.) foregoing line of reasoning. Young adversary in his plan of destruction.

Young men, you, too, will have many men, to whatever country your citizenYoung men, we, your leaders, will conremarkahle revelations and manifestaship commitment might be, you honor tinue to encourage you in kindness and tions as a confirmation of the testimony it, you obey it, you sustain it. To do sincerity. Will you help us, your

that you earn. otherwise would be contrary to law priesthood leaders, in the same way?

Do you have this problem, young and order; and law and order is the That is what true brotherhood in the

men? This is a problem stated by a basis of the priesthood, wherever it is priesthood means.

young man who contemplates military established. O my wonderful young brethren, this

callup. This is what he says: "Didn't Just one more: Some young people work is true. Priesthood is the center

the Savior teach peace? To me, peace feel the same as this member of a core of it all. You can't win any game

means no fighting. I am not sure about teachers quorum from California. "We without a plan. Look sharp. Be clean.

our present military involvements."I like what our ward and stake leaders Be proud to represent your priesthood.

say to this young man, the following teach us. The gospel plan is perfect, The only real peace in this world is

facts helped me and they may he but they too often fall short of that peace of mind. You listen to the voice

helpful to you: perfection in their personal living."of a prophet and let your priesthood

Where the Book of Mormon talks Young man in California, I hope you leaders show you the way, and I will about a land choice above all others, are listening tonight. promise you that life will be sweet.

I believe it. Without qualification, I can say that Your priesthood will be meaningful,

When we are taught that our foundthe Lord Jesus Christ is the only perand yours will be victory. There will

ing forefathers prayed for and received son to remain perfect through morbe no greater day in your life than to inspiration as they framed our Contality. Stevenson has said something enter the presence of your Heavenly

stitution, I believe it. like this: The saints are just the sinners Father and hear him say, "Well done,

When a prophet suggests that the who are trying a little harder. I want thou good and faithful servant,"and I

gospel could best be restored in a land to promise you young men of the pray it in the name of his Son, Jesus of freedom and democracy, I believe it. Aaronic Priesthood that no one in all Christ. Amen. O

My dear brethren: roots, shoveled back the earth, watered west, so much so that a heavy storm

Some twentyfive years or more ago it, and forgot it. It stands at the south might have uprooted it. I went to my

my wife and I built a home. The first side of the house, where the wind toolhouse, where I save things for two

of many trees that we planted was a coming from the canyon to the east years before throwing them away, got thornless honey locust. I remember blows hardest. a block and tackle, anchored one end

the day we brought it home from the One winter day a few years ago I to the tree and the other to another nursery, a spindly little whip of a tree, chanced to look out the window at the tree, and pulled and pulled to no avail.

so small and supple I could have tied tree. I noticed it was terribly misThe little whip of a tree was now a

it into a knot. I dug a hole, put in the shapen, leaning ungracefully to the giant with a diameter of almost a foot.

Era, December 1970 97 After debating with myself for a week States."Under the program of correlanever get over the thought that every

or two, I finally took a pruning saw tion, instituted by the First Presidency, man, good or bad, was once a little and cut off the great west limb. I althe name of the magazine will be boy, and that every woman was once

most wept at my butchery. It looks changed. It will simply be the Friend, a little girl. They have moved in the

better today. It has straightened somedropping the word children's, because direction in which they were pointed

what, but where the heavy cut was when some youngsters get to be ten when they were small. Truly, "As the

made, it developed a great scar, which and eleven years of age, they think twig is bent, so the tree is inclined."

has cracked and let in decay. they are no longer children. But they The time to mold the pattern of virtuThe tree that might have been grastill need a Friend. ous youth and faithful adults is childcious and beautiful leaves much to be The Primary Association will no hood.

desired. Once it could have been kept longer be its sole sponsor. It will be Most of you brethren are fathers,

straight with a string for an anchor. published by the Church, with the fathers of young children. Some of

Now neither block and tackle nor Children's Correlation Committee and you are grandfathers. Others are

pruning saw can make up for the representatives of both the Primary and bishops or in other capacities with neglect of its younger years. the Sunday School as editorial conresponsibility for children. We ask

It is so with people. It takes only a sultants. It will be edited by men and your support in seeing that the Friend

string, as it were, to help children grow women with long experience, and will is in every Latterday Saint home strong and straight in the Church. One be a new friend, a better friend, for the where there is a child.

such string has been their own magachildren of the Church, and we hope It will bless the child and it will zine, the Children's Friend. This has for many others. With wonderful bless the home.

been a great magazine. All who have stories and fascinating art, it will open May I leave with you a motto: "A

been acquainted with it have regarded small and delightful windows and Friend for Every Child."As children

it as an outstanding children's journal. bring to young minds understanding of grow in faithfulness, anchored against

An eminent child psychologist wrote: eternal and marvelous gospel princithe storms of life, so in strength will

"I have known the Children's Friend ples. It will be a blessing in every the Church and the nation grow. I

as one of the only decently edited home into which it goes. pray that it may be so, in the name of

magazines for children in the United Children are so very important. I Jesus Christ. Amen. Q

President Smith and my beloved that it will take the place of the writpurpose, along with the other magabrethren of the priesthood: Hanging ten word. zines of the Church. I am privileged

in my office are two moving portrayals Since the beginning of this dispento have been associated with the Era of the importance of the written word: sation, the Church has provided various nearly half the length of its life.

One is a picture of Mormon working periodicals and publications for its And now, as announced, all such on the gold plates, and the other of people. They would make a long and periodicals are to be published directly

Moroni, in his anguished loneliness, distinguished list, published for a seathrough the priesthood channels of the about to leave the records in Cumorah's son, and then supplanted, according to Church.

Hill. circumstances. And now with the We are pleased that the magazine to

I think how Nephi and his brothers Church reaching worldwide, further be published for the young people shall sent to were obtain the written changes are with us. title the be the named New Era—and

records, of the and Era, established its Ten The Improvement Commandto first be timeless. In would seem

ments inscribed on tablets of stone. I some 73 years ago by President Heber issue, the Improvement Era announced

have long been associated with the J. Grant, President Joseph F. Smith, as its purpose to uplift the lives of

"Spoken Word,"but never do I suppose and others, has served an important youth and to aid parents and teachers

in the same effort. The New Era will retaught and reemphasized in these lent, according to the country in which

be pointed to the same purpose. times. (President Lee reminded us you live, for a subscription to the New

Brother Doyle Green, Brother Jay within the last few hours that 31.1 perEra. We won't refuse a subscription

Todd, and Sister Elaine Cannon, under cent of the membership of the Church from anyone that I know of! And right

the general direction of the First Presiare between the ages of 12 and 25.) The now we're offering the first free subdency, with others of the General years before marriage, these years of scription of the New Era to President

Authorities, including President Kimsearching and decision, affect the fuSmith, if he will accept it!

hall, Brothers Marion G. Romney, ture forever. We pledge you our best to make the

Howard W. Hunter, Marion D. Hanks, And now, I have a most embarrassing New Era challenging, attractive, full of

Bishop John H. Vandenberg, and a admission to make. We are scheduled substance, exciting, with much expreslong list of distinguished contributors, to bring out the first issue of the New sion in it from the young people of the

are committed to making the New Era Era in January—and we don't know Church themselves and from all their

serve the youth and young adults of how many to print. So far as I offiorganizations, and from the First Presithe Church, from deacons on through cially know, we don't yet have a single dency and other General Authorities,

Aaronic Priesthood, with girls of subscriber! The Friend that Brother with a candid, open, practical, conlike age—seminaries, institutes, Sunday Hinckley has been talking about and temporary approach—yet firmly tied to

School, MIA, LDSSA; and in general, the adult magazine concerning which the revealed and timeless truths on

those young people in the searching, Brother Monson will tell us took all the which our faith and our lives are decisionmaking years of life who are subscribers. And yet they're such nice founded. We pledge you our best to

as yet uncommitted to marriage; those people; you would think they would make the New Era something that you

concerned with college, careers, mishave left us just a few! They left us will want to have in your homes,

sions, military service, dating, dress and with the nucleus of a wonderful staff, something to read, something that will grooming, books, art, science, literature, and a good name—but not a single be sincerely significant in your lives.

doctrinal questions that arise in the subscriber! And so you, the young God bless you all, my beloved young

pursuit of education, and the whole people of the Church, see your ward or friends, Churchwide and worldwide, moral tone, and conduct and principles branch magazine representative and and be with all of you—always—I pray

and standards that so much need to be offer him three dollars or its equivain the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Q

"Thou Art aTeacher ComeFrom God'

Elder Thomas S. Monson

Of the Council of the Twelve

President Smith, when I am in your notification I had had of my appointstimulating messages relating to a presence I think of the principle of ment. He then used these words to magazine for our small children and

courage, for it was 15 years ago in the introduce me: "If Brother Monson another magazine for our youth. Speakbuilding to the south of us, the Aswould now like to accept this calling, ing as an adult, your thought and consembly Hall, when you presided at a we would be pleased to hear from cern could well be, "What about

conference where I was called as a him."Mother and me?"To this question I

member of the stake presidency. I May I quote to you the last line of would reply: "Let not your heart be

remember the day well. I was singing the hymn we had just concluded singtroubled. You, too, will have your

in an Aaronic Presthood chorus. I ing: "Have courage, my boy; have magazine."

was a bishop, and bishopric members courage, my boy, to say no."I used The new adult magazine will replace

always sing when the Aaronic Priestas my theme that bright June day: three wellknown publications: the

hood participates. "Have courage, my boy, to say yes,"Improvement Era, the Relief Society

As President Smith stepped to the and it requires courage every time I Magazine, and the Instructor. Howpulpit, he read my name as a member stand at this pulpit. ever, the most outstanding and useful

of the stake presidency. It was the first My brethren, tonight we have heard features of each of these excellent

Era, December 1970 99 Happy Honeymoon Gown & Peignoir publications will be retained and beAugust 30, 1971, will already have been

Short or Full Length Society in the Relief published a vital part magazine. Magaof the new come

Full Length will zine, concluding with the readership audience be the December The adult membership of the Church. issue.

Just as a new city or child receives Question #4: What will be the an-

a name, so must the new adult ticipated beginning circulation for the magazine. The selection has not been Ensign?

made without thorough study and Answer: The Ensign will be the

much prayer. You will recognize the largest in circulation of the three new

name. The prophet Isaiah particularly magazines, with an initial print order

stressed its significance. He declared or press run of over 325,000 copies.

that the Lord will lift up "an ensign Question #5: Who will have the reto the nations"; ye shall "be left as a sponsibility of publishing the Ensign?

beacon upon the top of a mountain, Answer: The magazine will be puband as an ensign on an hill."(Isa. lished under the supervision of the

11:12; 30:17.) And in this dispensation, First Presidency. Members of the

the Lord spoke: "... Zion shall flourCouncil of the Twelve and other Genish, and the glory of the Lord shall eral Authorities who have supervisory

shall her; be she be upon And an responsibility for programs for Church

.. people. 64: ensign the unto."(D&C special assignments adults will have

4142.) The name of the new adult with the magazine, as will the presimagazine will be The Ensign of The dencies and superintendences of auxilChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterday iary organizations at the level of the

Saints. Its contents will be as a beacon general boards. The correlation proupon the top of a mountain and as an gram secretaries also will play a vital

ensign on a hill, that the adults of part in producing the publication. The

the Church might be more adequately Ensign will have a talented and expeprepared to be examples to their chilrienced staff, headed by Doyle L.

dren the world. and to editor, Green as managing with M. questions have significant Several as associate editor. Dallas Burnett

in the the announcement accompanied Question #6; will the magaWhat adult to the relative new News Church zine contain?

of review them a Perhaps publication. will written Answer: Ensign be The

helpful: be would its use. as to in a such enhance way subscribe should #1: Question Who articles will teachbe There on home Ensign? the to

ing, missionary, evenings, family home Presidency First Answer: The is welfare, genealogical work. Leaderand Englishspeaking every encouraging

will also ship teacher development and to a subbe the in Church family vital features. Material the from be subscripMonth-formonth scriber.

will in widely every be used Ensign magazine adult the credit on tion new inof teaching classroom the Church, to the subscribers present given will be special called cluding that classroom Society Instructor, MagRelief Era, and ficwill addition, there be In home. Instructhe instance, azine. For when

tion, poetry, articles feature those and 31, tor publication ceases December have been so popular in the which perhaps subscribers have those who present adult publications. their present issues on Write Today About three due them

Ensign will of then, be The This, Exciting Voy's Le receive, will subscription Instructor exclusive Careers: The LatterChrist of Jesus Church of The of issues the three charge, without WarehouseDistributor-

publication. adult day ship Fashion Conand Saints—your the to applies Era Ensign. same The

Programs. sultant it. its contents. Apply to Read Subscribe as they Society Magazine Relief and

will too, its lessons. You, lives in your at the their publication end conclude

of light the ensign, even as be an then year. of the

set righteousness city of world, a the anthe will #2: be Question What Seventies'Bride, and the Heavenly For

hid. hill be that cannot a on all Ensign? the price of Romantics! subscription incurable for nual A sheer,

whirling peignoir lavished with yards of Answer: In the past we have rather As mentioned, information about the

flowertossed lace. Pearled heart butexpected our families to subscribe to new teacher development program will

sheer overtons. in with the Matching gown contained features of the be one at publications, which all adult three

or Pink version: White, lay. Short asked First Presidency has Ensign. The to $10.50. rates Famipresent amounts all or Lace, Red White Blue with inthis to introduce you that I now for the just $4.00 wall pay now Peignoir $17. Black. #6545 Gown the has which program, spired new of $6.50. families to savings with Blue Version: $19. Long liesEnsign—a #6845 of quality the to improve potential Relief for lessons #3: Will all Question Black. or #6545L Lace Gown White

$20. Peignoir #6845L $22. P,S,M,L. Society appear in the Ensign? teaching throughout the Church.

Answer: No. These will be pubBrethren, have you as a father ever

The Set $38.50 lished in lesson manual style as is asked your son this question: "Dick,

presently the practice in other auxiliary how did the Sunday School class go

See Your Local organizations and in priesthood quotoday?"Young men, on occasion have

Le Voy's Consultant 'A rums. The sisters should note, howyou answered: "Not so good, Dad. My

or your Perhaps didn't up"? for teacher show lessons Relief Society that the

or Mail Check MO ever, teacher, Brother Campreply was: through "My in 1, 1971, U.S.A. Postpaid January the period

2511 S.W. TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84115

bell, tries hard, but he just doesn't in the lives of boys and girls, men and communicate. women. The aim is to inspire the indiIf we are honest with ourselves, some vidual to think about, feel about, and

version of this same dialogue has been then do something about living gospelheard in every Latterday Saint home. principles.

Nor is it restricted to Sunday School, To help achieve this goal and meet but it also extends to Primary, MIA, this aim, we now introduce to you, the

Relief Society, and the quorums of the priesthood, the new teacher developpriesthood. ment program of the Church.

John Milton described this plight in On Thursday, October 1, 1970, in a these words: "The hungry sheep look special seminar for Regional Represenup but are not fed."(Lycidas.) The tatives of the Twelve, the teacher

Lord himself said to Ezekiel the development program was presented in prophet, "Woe be to the shepherds of detail. These devoted and capable

Israel that... feed not the flock."brethren will, in the next six weeks,

(Ezek. 34:2-3.) outline the program to stake presiAre wise shepherds, even skilled and dencies; and then, January 1, 1971, it

righteous teachers, needed today? Our will commence. During the first six

fastmoving jetpropelled world harmonths of 1971, when the General bors pressures and temptations not Authorities visit each stake quarterly previously known. conference, they will emphasize this

More than $500 million a year are program and will report on its implespent on pornographic literature by mentation.

which evil men try to "dig gold out of A cardinal principle of industrial dirt."Magazines, movies, TV promanagement teaches: "When perforgrams, and other mass media are mance is measured, performance imfrequently utilized to lower moral proves. When performance is measured

standards and induce improper behavand reported, the rate of improvement ior. Crime and delinquency are ramaccelerates."I think the visit to your

pant. Spiritual values are questioned. stakes by the General Authorities will

The effective teacher is desperately bring the desired acceleration.

needed to help us understand what is Time dictates that my introduction genuine and important in this life and of the program itself be presented in develop the strength to choose the headline form:

paths that will keep us safely on the 1. The new Churchwide program is

way to eternal life. priesthood sponsored and supersedes

Knowing this situation and sensing any other teacher training program now the need for effective action, the First in use.

Presidency in October 1968 called a 2. The stake president has responsicommittee to work to improve the bility for teacher development in his

quality of teaching throughout the stake. He will call a member of the

Church. They counseled that the prohigh council to be stake teacher develgram should: opment director. This high councilor

1. Be priesthood sponsored and should be an outstanding teacher who

Churchwide; has the ability to motivate and inspire.

2. Help teachers and leaders to im- 3. The bishop has responsibility for

prove; the teacher development program in his

3. Assist prospective teachers to beward. He will call a capable bearer of

gin their assignments with the training the Melchizedek Priesthood to be the and spiritual understanding necessary ward teacher development director.

to be effective. 4. Similar responsibility will rest

In January of this year, in an interwith mission presidents, district and inview published the Deseret News. branch presidents in the missions of the PLEATEDPresident Fielding Joseph Smith and Church.

his counselors stressed anew the im- 5. The new teacher development YOKE SHEATH

portance of the teaching role. I quote: program consists of three parts: (a)

"Teaching members of the Church to the basic course; (b) inservice program; $20.00

keep the commandments of God was (c) supervision (to be introduced Sepdescribed by the new First Presidency tember 1, 1971). Our exclusive, elegant, mattefinish

of of 6. The Christ Jesus Church of Latto course is designed The basic tricot design—accented with sheer, itsterday Saints as greatest challenge."help prospective to current teachers and

The goal of gospel teaching today, as acquire knowledge and develop skills, permanent pleats at yoke and sleeves.

emphasized in the teacher development that they might become more effective. Exquisite with pleated accessories.

program, is not to "pour information"It will be conducted over an 11week White, 100% Nylon Tricot. Dripdry.

into the It of class period, minds members. usually the during Sunday L. P, S, M, *SSD-D. tois not the teacher show School hour, much involve how eight perhaps and

Slip. Matching 30 to 38. #6245. $10.00 it isknows, to nor merely increase persons interviewed called, by and

to 40 44 the #6245X $12.00 theknowledge about Church. to bishop, the course. instructor The The

basic is goal teaching of of the basic in the Church course will be the ward or Mail Check M.0.!K

to in help Postpaid bring U.S.A. about worthwhile changes teacher director. development

Phone: 4873621

Era, December 1970 101 2511 S.W. Temple SaltVLake City, Utah 84115

NOW AVAILABLE in response to many requests a reissue of one of the great books of the Church: 7. The inservice program will be an

outgrowth of the basic course and will encompass both spiritual principles and teaching skills. The inservice lessons will be offered ten times per year

for instructors in all priesthood quorums and auxiliaries.

8. The manuals for the basic course

and the inservice program are now ready for distribution. The administraSBfflttK. tivestakemanualand wardwill leadersbe sent toat appropriateno cost to

them. A special order form will be

sent to each bishop, that he may order m the necessary materials to implement the program. Funds for same may appropriately come from ward and stake

budgets. Individuals may then make

payment to the ward or stake for their personal binders and materials. Quantity purchasing has provided minimum

unit costs.

9. The program allows for considerable flexibility. In most areas of the

Church, the program should operate on a ward level. However, options are

available for the basic course and into lessons be conducted on.1. fM stake or a multiward level where

h,'""'"t Ii''[ *****fs*>""service M!n hcdKH*"'"'wm necessary.

:1m 10. The program uses the strengths

and resources of small group participation, with emphasis on doing and participating in real learning experiences.

This, then, is the new teacher detwelfth edition of velopment program. It has been pretested on a carefully supervised and

controlled pilot basis in the Monument

Park, Walnut Creek, and Gunnison GOSPEL STANDARDS stakes and the Victoria District of the by President Heber J. Grant AlaskaBritish Columbia Mission. Will

it bring forth in your ward or stake the hopedfor results? Listen to the testi-

"Gospel themes are elaborated; practical moniesthe course:of but two who have completed

questions of life discussed; wise sugges- "For the first time in my life I have

an idea of how to teach."

tions made; and more than forty of Presi- "Like all blessings in the gospel, this

dent Grant's favorite spellbinding stories programthose whowilluse beit willonlymakeas helpfulit. Thereas

a say, will 'I am will be those who are retold. It will hold the interest of all

this.'I don't need teacher. master

to the last, and will come to occupy an They will gain nothing. There are

those who will say, Tm too busy for

gain nothing. There will They L. Evans ings.'important place in Mormon—Richardliterature."this. The Church has too many meetwill say, 'Here is an those will be who

opportunity to learn.'They will gain

much, and the Lord's work will move

Price is only $4.95 postpaid ahead."

In The Church of Jesus Christ of

Order from Latterday Saints, each member, each priesthood bearer, will likely have an opportunity to become a teacher. There

is no privilege more noble, no task so rewarding. May I extend to you, my

brethren of the priesthood, a sincere invitation to become participants in the 79 S. State Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 teacher development endeavor. May I

And at book dealers everywhere.

An Improvement Era publication 102 challenge you in the words from the teacher, even Jesus Christ the Lord. He see. There is no ignorance so deep as

epistle of James to be "doers of the left his footprints in the sands of the the ignorance that will not know.

word, and not hearers only"(Jas. 1:22). seashore, but he left his teaching prinMay we, like Thomas of old, not

remembering: ciples in the hearts and in the lives doubting but believing, respond, "Let

of all whom he taught. He instructed us go."Yes, may we go forward in the

I hear and I forget; his disciples of that day, and to us he introduction and implementation of

I see and I remember; speaks the same words, "Follow thou this new program for teacher develop-

I do and I learn. me."Then, as now, foolish, unwise ment. As we do so, in this spirit of

persons will stop their ears, close their obedient response, it may be said of

Others then will follow your exameyes, and turn away their hearts. Let each teacher as it was spoken of the

ple. Teaching will improve. Comus remember, there is no deafness so Redeemer, "... thou art a teacher come

mandments will be lived. Lives will permanent as the deafness which will from God."(John 3:2.) May this be

be blessed. not hear. There is no blindness so inso, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

In Galilee there taught a master curable as the blindness which will not Amen. Q

Someone has said, "An event is an have the translations, will have a magChurch. That is the process by which

idea whose time has come."azine that will be a direct communica- a Churchwide budget system will be For over thirty years—it will be next tion from the priesthood of the Church. inaugurated, and so will every otherApril—since I became a member of Much thought has gone into this. program that will be launched, as it

the Council of the Twelve, there has On the first Thursday of every month comes now from the General Authoribeen talk of unifying the magazines of a very important meeting is held in an ties of the Church, out to all the memthe Church. It has always been upper room of the temple where all the bership of the Church.

thought that it was right, but the time General Authorities come fasting. The You will understand why we are so

was not yet. The event now has befirst part of the meeting is a business concerned. As President Tanner and

come so because the time has arrived. meeting, at which time all the pro- I first considered the excitement at the

You will note that we have said these posals for new ideas or new methods June Conference when they knew that magazines are to be available to all or new undertakings are brought forthere was to be a youth magazine,

Englishspeaking countries where we ward, after having been processed President Tanner said to me, "Because have members of the Church. You will through the month preceding, for the of the loyalty of our people, we must

be asking, what about the other of the perusal and consideration of all the be sure that we are right."And that

19 languages in which we are now General Authorities of the Church. At becomes a great concern. To be asteaching the gospel—11 into which we that meeting, then, action is taken, certain as we know how, these things

have translated the lessons of the and by that action it then becomes the are subjected to prayer and fasting and

Church. May I explain that we have official action of the General Authoricareful, mature consideration, in order

a unified magazine printed ties of the in many of must of be that "the will might the have we Church—which

the languages of these foreignspeaking to considered. be the constitution of the... Lord, of the.. the Lord, the mind

peoples. The materials for these magaChurch and kingdom of God upon the voice of the Lord,... and the power of

zines are edited through our editorial earth. God unto salvation."(D&C 68:4.) You

department, with a few pages left for That is the process by which these may understand, then, that these things each mission, to be used for that parnew magazines might be said to have that have been announced to you have ticular area. All the material that become an "event."That is the procome with the official approval. We

would go into these magazines will be cess by which the future development ask the loyalty of the membership of the same, but printed in the language has come. That is the process by which the priesthood now to get behind these

of those peoples, so that the entire a bishops'training program will now magazines and see to it that they beChurch, in every language where we be inaugurated throughout the entire come the greatest magazines printed

Era, December 1970 103 for each group of our people that may you, and as you will see on my brow, I was up in Preston, Idaho, sometime be available throughout the world. and on others who will speak. We ago, dedicating a meetinghouse, and

One more thought: If you had to sit understand that the temperature here I thought as I sat there in that lovely

facing these blazing lights for these is about fifteen degrees higher than place, My, isn't it wonderful that we hours, as we do here on the stand, you where you brethren sit. I say that so have these airconditioned buildings

would have seen beads of perspiration that you will be a little more comtoday, such as we didn't have in my on Elder Monson's brow as he talked to fortable. younger years. In the course of the

meeting, the bishop announced that their airconditioning system was not working. Suddenly I became very uncomfortably warm. That is what happens to us when our minds take

precedence over matter.

I said to Brother Evans one day, "These punishing lights—they are

devastating."And he said something

"The Spoken Word"from Temto me that caused me some thought.

ple Square, presented over KSL He said, "If you want to be seen, you The and the Columbia Broadcasting must be lighted."

to translate that into Now I want

If to think about. Spoken Word System September 20, 1970.1970 something for you

you want to have the power of the priesthood to be of any benefit to you

Debt: "a tanglesome net"or before the world, you must keep it

lighted. You must exercise it.

By Richard L. Evans The Master said, "Neither do men

light a candle, and put it under a has been long since Samuel Johnson said, "Do not accustom yourbushel, but on a candlestick; and it

Itself to consider debt only as an inconvenience; or you will find it giveth light unto all that are in the

a calamity."In a world that needs so much to search itself in spiritual house."light so shineThen beforehe added,men, "Letthat yourthey

and moral and ethical matters, one feels defensive in mentioning a may see your good works, and glorify matter so mundane as money, but always there is need of honesty your Father which is in heaven."

and balance and soundness and solvency. And in marriage, in the home, (Matt. 5:1516.)

and in all of life, many difficulties and much misunderstanding come theIf priesthood,you want toyoube haveseen asto holderskeep yourof from the mismanagement of money—and many difficulties come from lamp lighted.

attitudes of immaturity and irresponsibility toward debt. It is not the The Lord said in a great revelation,

"... if will that I give unto a you younecessary borrowing that we are speaking of, but the often too easy

celestial in the place world, must you attitude that debt doesn't matter very much. But aside from the necesprepare yourselves by doing the things

sities of sickness, education, buying a home and some other such eswhich I have commanded you and sentials, "Getting into debt,"in the words of Benjamin Franklin, "is required of you."(D&C 78:7.)

getting into a tanglesome net."And borrowing for luxuries would seem ment.I wantThenowkingdomto makeofoneGodmoremustcombe

exceedingly shortsighted. Recognizing the reasons for borrowing in a continuing revolution against the

business, and sometimes for personal essentials, it is still true that norms of the society that fall below what we owe to anyone is a mortgage on our future, and that what we gospelthe standardsof JesusthatChrist.are setIn fortheusfieldin theof

owe, we owe and it must be paid if we are to keep our credit, our honpublic life, it must be a continuing est moral obligation, and our good name among men. And while borrevolution against proposals that conrowing sometimes seems relatively easy, paying back is relatively difficult tradict the fundamental principles as

to do—with interest added. The home is the source of stability in society. Unitedlaid downStates,in thewhichConstitutionwas writtenof theby

And home and marriage are happier if there is responsibility and good men whom God raised up for this very management in money matters, with parents and children facing and purpose. If we remember that, we will

living within the financial facts. These simple rules are suggested: Buy be in the forefront of every battle

against the things that are tearing wisely. Control debt. Save regularly. Use a family budget. Get good addown our society.

vice. Read the fine print in all contracts and commitments. Don't I am sure we were all impressed

plunge. Don't buy on impulse. And except for absolute necessity, when Brother Eldred G. Smith said in

borrow only according to the ability to pay back. Honesty calls for sinhissary addressto makethat lawsit shouldn'tto persuadebe necesthe

cere commitment to pay our debts when due. And finally, "If you want Latterday Saints to keep the Sabbath

the time to pass quickly, just give your note for 90 days."1 "Do not day holy. If the body of the priesthood

accustom yourself to consider debt only as an inconvenience; or you—if you 150,000 members of the priesthood

will find it a calamity."ing places—wouldwho are in theseresolvevariousheregatherand

now that neither you nor your families 'R. B. Thomas: Farmers'Almanack, 1797. will hereafter patronize any business

that is open on Sunday, it wouldn't be longs to the priesthood. This is but (Melvin J. Ballard, "Three Degrees of

long until they would close their busianother way of saying what the Lord Glory.")

nesses on Sunday. You would wield has said in revelations when he spoke Remembering that then, brethren,

such a force and power that you would of those who would be heirs to the we are prepared to understand what dry up the businesses that are making celestial kingdom. He said, "They are the brethren meant when they spoke at

their Sunday opening profitable. They they who received the testimony of the dedication of the Idaho Falls Temare only catering to the needs of the Jesus, and believed on his name and ple about the stand we could take now

people who are demanding Sunday were baptized,... and receive the Holy in such matters as politics. We are

service. You think about it, you Spirit by the laying on of the hands... approaching another election. Let us

brethren. and are sealed by the Holy Spirit of hear again what the brethren prayed

Pornographic literature! It has been promise."(D&C 76:5153.) for in that dedicatory prayer:

a shock, I am sure, to all of us to read In another revelation, he said that a "We pray that kings and rulers and the'report of the commission that has man and wife who are sealed by the the peoples of all nations under heaven been studying obscenity reports, and Holy Spirit of promise shall pass by may be persuaded of the blessings enthe recommendation that there should the angels and gods that are set there joyed by the people of this land by be a repeal of all laws prohibiting the to their exaltation and glory in all reason of their freedom under thy distribution of explicit, sexual materials things, as has been sealed upon their guidance, and be constrained to adopt to consenting adults. Shocking! Now heads. similar governmental systems, thus to

brethren, this is a thing that we must, In an explanation of what it means fulfill the ancient prophecy of Isaiah, as a priesthood, take a firm stand to be sealed by the Holy Spirit of that out of Zion shall go forth the law against, and do everything within our promise, one of our brethren said this: and the word of the Lord from Jerucommunities to see to it that by every "While we receive eternal blessings at salem."

means within our power we are going the hands of the priesthood which has Brethren of the priesthood, if we will to play down the showing of or the the right to seal on earth and it shall be united and let our light shine, and distribution of any kind of pornobe sealed in the heavens, this revelanot hide our light under a bushel but graphic literature, films, or advertisetion clearly states that it must be sealed exercise it righteously, and let our ments. It has been a delight to us to by the Holy Spirit of promise also. A priesthood callings be an eternal revohave our Deseret News announce that, man and woman may by fraud and lution against the norms of society or

shortly, there will be no advertising deception obtain admittance to the against any proposals that fall below of "R"and "X"rated films. We would House of the Lord and may receive the the standards as set forth in the gospel

wish it would be so in every compronouncement of the holy priesthood, of Jesus Christ or as laid down by the munity. If you brethren, in all of giving to them so far as lies in their Constitution of the United States writyour communities, would now take a power these blessings. We may deceive ten by inspired men, then we will be a

firm stand, I think there would be a men but we cannot deceive the Holy force in the world that will be "the time shortly when somebody would Ghost, and our blessings will not be marvelous work and wonder"which wake up to the fact that we are no eternal unless they are also sealed by the Lord said the kingdom of God was longer going to tolerate these kinds of the Holy Spirit of promise. The Holy to be.

things that are placed before our people Ghost is one who reads the thoughts I pray that it might be so, brethren, to tear down their morals. and hearts of men, and gives his sealarid we would thus magnify, as PresiOne more thought and then I shall ing approval to the blessings prodent Smith has said, our callings in the

be through. President Smith talked nounced upon their heads. Then it is priesthood, in the name of the Lord

about the oath and covenant that bebinding, efficacious, and of full force."Jesus Christ. Amen. Q

Winter Sonnet

By Larry Hiller

Come, walk with me in quiet ivinter's wood

Beneath the boughs of fir bent down by snow,

While the leaden sky is in a somber mood

And a muffled tinkle marks a brooklet's flow.

Black water swirls through highdomed, glittering caves,

Beats feebly at the icebound rocks, and then

Glides swift and darkly grim through crystal naves

And comes to rest in icy, leafchoked fen.

Now silent stand the firs with downy hood,

Until from far beloiv come farmyard noises—

The sharp, stacatto crack of ax on wood

That splits the air and on the hillside poises—

Then falls in silver shards among the firs.

And in the deepening darkness nothing stirs.

Era, December 1970 105 I come to this pulpit this Sabbath These words have taken on a new There! It had been said. After all

morning with a new obligation, anxmeaning in the last few years, haven't the evading, all the whispered converious perhaps as never before for the they? sations. After all the care never to say

sustaining influence of the Spirit of You are within walking distance, at that word when she was around. It

the Lord, for an interest in your faith least within a few minutes'drive, of a was out!

and prayers for us here and for those theater in your own neighborhood. She sat quietly on her bed for a long

who shall be listening, as I speak to There will be shown, within the week, time and then said, "Well, if that's the parents of wayward and lost a film open to young and old alike that what it is, that's what it is, and I'll children. as recently as ten years ago would have fight it."Her Danish dander was up.

Sometime ago, a father, worried been banned, the film confiscated, and And fight it she did, and winner she about a serious problem with his son, the theater owner placed under indictwas.

was heard to remark, "When he leaves ment. But now it's there, and soon it Some may suppose she lost her battle

and we don't know where he is, there's will be seen at home on your television to that disease, but she came away a pain in our hearts, but when he's here screens. glorious, successful winner. Her victory

there are times when he's a pain in The apostle Paul prophesied to was assured when she faced the painthe neck."It's about that pain in the Timothy: ful truth. Her courage began then.

heart that I want to speak. I speak to "This know also, that in the last Parents, can we first consider the

a very large audience, I fear. days perilous times shall come. most painful part of your problem? If

Hardly is there a neighborhood with- "For men shall be lovers of their own you want to reclaim your son or out at least one mother whose last selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasdaughter, why don't you leave off trywaking, anxious thoughts and prayers phemers, disobedient to parents...."ing to alter your child just for a little

are for a son or a daughter wandering (2 Tim. 3:1-2.) while and concentrate on yourseli The

who knows where. Nor is there much There is more to that scripture, but changes must begin with you, not with

distance between homes where an we stop on that phrase "disobedient to your children.

anxious father can hardly put in a parents."You can't continue to do what you

day's work without being drawn within We have no desire to touch the subhave been doing (even though you himself time after time, to wonder, ject that causes you so much pain, nor thought it was right) and expect to "What have we done wrong? What to condemn you as a failure. But you unproduce some behavior in your child,

can we do to get our child back?"are failing, and that's what makes it when your conduct was one of the

Even parents with the best intenhurt. If failure is to end, one must things that produced it.

It's face squarely There! all the said! After been tried problems like this, howhave really whotions—some

it hurts. all evading, the concern ever much parfor wayward heartache. know that Manynow

ents have tried in every way to protect A few years ago I was called in the children. After all the blaming of

their children—only now to find they wee hours of the morning to the side others, the care to be gentle with parare losing one. For the home and the of my ailing mother, who was hospitalents. It's out!

family are under attack. Ponder these ized for a series of tests. It's you, not the child, that needs

words, if you will: "I'm going home,"she said. "I'll not immediate attention.

Profanity continue with these tests. I want you Now parents, there is substantial help

Nudity to take me home right now. I won't go for you if you will accept it. I add with

Immorality through another day of this."emphasis that the help we propose is

Divorce "But mother,"I said, "you must go not easy, for the measures are equal to

Pornography through with this. They have reason the seriousness of your problem. There

Addiction to believe that you have cancer, and if is no patent medicine to effect an imViolence it is as they suppose, you have the mediate cure.

Perversion worst kind."And parents, if you seek for a cure

that ignores faith and religious doctrine, you look for a cure where it never will be found. When we talk of religious principles and doctrines and

quote scripture, interesting, isn't it, how many don't feel comfortable with talk like that. But when we talk about

your problems with your family and offer a solution, then your interest is intense. Know that you can't talk about one NecdlewDrkOricinalswithout talking about the other, and J

#102 POPPY -$7.95 problems. to your solveexpect Once

13"size Design size 24"x 24"x 14"-Linen is there and -< thatparents a God know pillow Linen for included. backing

face children, his can they arethat we problems like this and win.

If you are helpless, he is not.

If you are lost, he is not.

If you don't know what to do next, he knows.

It would take a miracle, you say?

Well, if it takes a miracle, why not.

We urge you to move first on a course of prevention.

There is a poem entitled "The Fence OWL #114 -$4.95

10"- Linen size Design size IVi"x 12"x 16"efforts of It tellsor the Ambulance."pillow for backing included. Linen at the bottomto provide ambulance an

Please add 50< per kit lor handling and shipping theseof with concludes a cliff and verses:two M&ijte Ms<MMm,(si)anwi(MAIt's a sage old remarked: an"Then for the most howto-do's 34 basic skill shows with an artist's blended pleasingly to marvel me stitches. frequently used OrigNichol's Needlework Marion make attention give people far moreThat

the masspro- out among inals stand finest linen quality 100% and repairing Fine 100% results than to stoppingTo embroidery standard duced your in fast colors enables yarns the kits. It's wool cause

When they'd much better aim at prelike having your own personal needlefinished needlework to last for years vention. work creation. Colors are chosen from and years.

fine of Persian 100% 500 over shades its this all misat source stopLet us unor framed as a used be Most may yarn. wool chief, he, cried pillow or be a wall hanging can framed

of let the defriends, kit us a diagram neighbors contains and EachCome for is linen included enough cover—for instructions rally; clear, simple with sign backing. pillow

... cliff If alfence, will the colors appromight stitches and placing we we

most dispense priate needles in cork holder and in adMarion Nichols originals make excelWith the ambulance down in the dition, Marion Nichols'own booklet lent gifts as kits or as finished pieces valley. "ABC's of Creative Stitchery"which of embroidery.

"Better guide well the young than reSend $3.00 for a portfolio of twenty 8V2. x 1 Fund raising opportunities for

claim them when old, FULL COLOR prints of Marion Nichols Women's groups, individuals and

For the voice of true wisdom is calling: finished embroidery kits suitable all types of shops. Write to the

'To rescue the fallen is good, but 'tis Van Son Corporation of America, best lion and Liberty Streets, MineTo prevent other people from falling.'New York 11501. Telephone:

Better close up the source of temptation (516) 7462690.

and crime, / Than deliver from dungeon or galley;

Better put a strong fence round the top of the cliff,Than an ambulance down in the IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS valley."Aids in treatment of simple sore throat and

—Joseph Malins other minor mouth and throat irritations.

We prevent physical disease by immunization. This heart pain you are suffering perhaps might likewise have HALL'S REMEDY

been prevented with very simple measSalt Lake City, Utah ures at one time. Fortunately the very

steps necessary for prevention are the ones that will produce the healing. In

other words, prevention is the best CARTEXPEDITION WATER HEATERS cure, even in advanced cases. GAS AND ELECTRIC

Now I would like to show you a very For baptistries, church kitchens, rest rooms.

Inexpensive. Completely automatic. Also,

CARRY EXTRA GEAR. DEAL FOR TRIPS AND fiberglass baptistries, spires

SET UP BASE CAMP. BUILD YOUR CART PAPER ROUTES

provided. pictures, material source and

cart Only LITTLEP. BOX 518GIANT/ 907 SEVENTHMANUFACTURINGSTREET / ORANGE, TEXAS 77630CO. 98054 REDONDO, Era, December 1970 107 VIKINGPlans,$2.20. instructions,ConvertsINDUSTRIESfrompartsone P.O.list, WASHINGTON BOXto another.5MB,

ORDER ANY BOOK

talk thing permitted, the practical cannot do powerful place to he a very and free is not about protect to he FOR $1.00 begin, to do the thing your children both why

LAST CHANCE! toand,redeemin thehim.case of one you are losing, hewillis revealpermittedthatto "eachdo. Thepersondiscussionmust

I have in my hands the publicatio'n learn the laws that govern the deFamily Home Evenings. It is the velopment of an ability and then learn

The new magazines will have no seventh in a series and is available to obey those laws. Thus obedience

to If leads freedom."17 languages. in world the it will be and advertisements

it special for families helps Here, under through with me, you go difyouacross would the learn ficult new about to children, with small it suggests they this find that is based one on would

If Bookclub the books. you join feel cars toy is free the table put top on and Testament. theme The the New

you will receive reviews every agency. While it draws lessons from free to run them anywhere they want

month telling you about the new New Testament days, it does not conand in any manner they like. Even

books! This is our last chance to tent itself with them back then and little minds can see the results of this.

reach you and tell you about the there. It leaps across the centuries and There is much more to this lesson

Bookclub, so don't put off joining concerns itself with you, and here and and to all of these special lessons any longer. now. subtle, powerful magnets that help to

It is well illustrated, much of it in draw your child closer to the family

As a member you may buy as full color, and has many meaningful circle.

few books as you wish. If you activities for families with children of This program is designed for a famdon't want the monthly feature any age. ily meeting to be held once a week.

book, you tell us "no book"or Here (page 35), for instance, is a In the Church, Monday night has been choose any other book of your crossword puzzle. And here (page 20) designated and set aside, Churchwide,

choice. You receive a free book on this colorful page is a game. Cut it for families to be at home together.

for joining and a free book for out and make a spinner of cardboard, Instruction has recently gone out, from every $20.00 purchased. Send toand the whole family can play. You'll which I quote:

day for your free book. find yourselves, depending on the "Those responsible for priesthood

moves you make, somewhere between and auxiliary programs, including "Heavenly Treasures"and "Earthly temple activities, youth athletic activiPleasures."ties, student activities, etc., should take

Here is a lesson entitled "How Our notice of this decision in order that

Family Came to Be"(page 51). "... Monday night will be uniformly ob13 CHOICE BOOKS BY tell your children,"it suggests, "how served throughout the Church and the

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH: you met, fell in love, and married. Be families be left free from Church ac-

1. Answers to Gospel Questions - 5 vols. 3.25 ea. sure both parents participate, and illustivities so that they can meet together

2. Essentials in Church History 5.95 trate your story with pictures and mein the family home evening."(Priest-

4.50 Destiny His Origin 3. Man, & Bulletin, hood September 1970.) saved—the wedding of 4. Progress Man

wedding- 3.95 mentoesdress, theyou announcements;have this program the promise comes With all 3.50 of Things Restoration 5.

6. Signs of the Times 3.25 pictures. It might be a good idea to from the prophets, the living prophets,

7. Take Heed to Yourself 4.95 tape your narrative and keep it for that if parents will gather their chilTeachings of Joseph Smith 4.50 8.

3.50 your children to play to their children dren about them once a week and 9. Way to Perfection

some day."teach the gospel, those children in such

NEW BOOKS: Let me list some of the other titles: families will not go astray.

for the Readings Young at Heart10. $2.95 "Our Family Government,""Learning Some of you outside the Church, Hawkes Laura M. by

11. Book of Mormon Digest to Worship,""Speaking Words of Purand unfortunately many within, hope

by John Hawkes $3.95 ity,""Family Finances,""Parenthood, that you could take a manual like this

with Wheat a Treat12. Make $1.95 a Sacred Opportunity,""Respect for without accepting fully the gospel of Richards Hazel by

13. Seek Ye Earnestly Authority,""The Value of Humor,"Jesus Christ, the responsibilities of

Fielding Smith $5.95 Joseph by scriptures You're Going membership, to Move,""So and the the Church "When

the McKays14. Remembering Unexpected are perHappens,"it is based. Birth and "The upon which You $2.95 Stuart by John

of Savior."the Infancy give the to Best Books of could mitted even do that.15. Out (We

ea. I $2.75 Vol. is to "certificate"entitled to a one Here to permit Be you "A Call you $2.25 ea. II Vol. - V

Free."siren call still That's child the raise ideal family.) your an You would

is following, you know. This lesson not be free to do so without obeying

includes a page of very officiallooking the laws. To take a program like this

colored certificates with instructions to without the gospel would have you act "choose for each family member some as one who obtained a needle to imactivity he has not learned to do; then munize a child against a fatal disease

IfeehiVe bookclub give each member a certificate... but rejected the serum to go in it that

signed father: the certificate by could save him. This

Drive Rainbow 4663 gives it is the Parents, to permission as- a play owner past time for you to

City, Salt Lake Utah 84107 tune the of spiritual on part piano as a family leadership sume famof your home evening.'"(Of course, the child ily. If there is no substance to your

or priced at $4.95 book I one like order to would never has lessons.) belief, piano present had then the courage have BookBeehive join to incentive as less for my $1.00

to I certificates truth. seek the include (deOther prices. regular at may books other orderclub. may

u or each month 0rder the Form"return toIagree is, of child) the finest the age living pending gen- "walkthe on now, There of every For $20 Book.""Feature thepurchase

ing in one's a hands, of speaking eration the that ever youth on walked BOOK! receive I a FREE will booksnondiscounted

(Add 25c per book for postage. In Utah add 4Va% foreign or painting language, oil earth. an have seen of them some You

tax.) sales

portrait."says serving each have Perhaps on missions. you member Then as

Print Name

Address...

City State Zip. 108

turned them away. You ought to seek "Soft as the voice of an angel, whisperso exquisite as the joy at his redempthem out. If they are nothing else, they ing a message unheard, tion.

are adequate evidence that youth can Hope with a gentle persuasion whispers I come to you now as one of the live in honor. And there are tens of her comforting word. Twelve, each ordained as a special

thousandssaints—Latterdayof themSaints.who are literal Waitthe tillcomingthe darknessof dawn. is over, wait till witness.that witness.I affirmI knowto youthatthatGodI lives,have

Now parents, I desire to inspire you Hope for the sunshine tomorrow, after that Jesus is the Christ. I know that

with hope. You who have heartache, the shower is gone. though the world "seeth him not,

you must never give up. No matter Whispering hope, Oh how welcome neither knoweth him,"that he lives.

how dark it gets or no matter how far thy voice...."Heartbroken parents, lay claim upon

away or how far down your son or his promise: "I will not leave you

daughter has fallen, you must never God bless you heartbroken parents. comfortless; I will come to you."(John

give up. Never, never, never. There is no pain so piercing as that 14:1718.) In the name of Jesus Christ.

I desire to inspire you with hope. caused by the loss of a child, nor joy Amen. Q

My dear brothers and sisters, I seek tion of Peter, James, and John, who holds the keys of ministering of angels, an interest in your faith and prayers, held the keys of the Melchizedek and of the gospel of repentance, and of that I might say something this mornPriesthood. John the Baptist held the baptism by immersion for the remising that will have lodging in the hearts keys of the Aaronic Priesthood, which sion of sins."

of boys and parents and leaders. is known also as the lesser priesthood, The priesthood is the authority and

"Upon you my fellow servants, in being an appendage or preparatory power to act in the name of God in the name of Messiah I confer the priesthood to the higher or Melchizedek accomplishing his work in righteousPriesthood of Aaron, which holds the Priesthood. ness. The Aaronic Priesthood has

keys of the ministering of angels, and Today in the Church approximately power in administering outward ordiof the gospel of repentance, and of 360,000 boys and men bear the Aaronic nances. Someone said, "It is the power

baptism by immersion for the remission Priesthood. They outnumber by sevto make things happen."

of sins; and this shall never be taken eral thousand those who hold the MelThe power of the priesthood makes

again from the earth, until the sons of chizedek Priesthood. An analysis of it possible for a young man to fulfill

Levi do offer again an offering unto these figures, which I shall not go into the commitment he made with the the Lord in righteousness."(D&C 13.) here, points up the urgency of the Savior before coming to this earth,

This historic event took place on proper training and preparation of boys which commitment was to help build

May 15, 1829. It was an answer to the and men of the Church to assume the the kingdom of God on the earth in

prayer of Joseph Smith and Oliver responsibility of leadership that will a most significant and authoritative

Cowdery respecting baptism for the fall upon their shoulders as they maway.

remission of sins, which was mentioned ture in the gospel. The Lord has made Many of our young men understand

in the Book of Mormon. The heavenly it very clear that this preparation for in great depth their responsibilities as

being who performed this ordinance leadership is the responsibility of the holders of the priesthood and are living introduced himself as John, the same Aaronic Priesthood. lives that bring honor to it. Of course,

who is called John the Baptist in the This, then, my brothers and sisters, there are those who do not take advanNew Testament. It was he who, in is the subject about which I wish to tage of these blessings. I am convinced

the River Jordan over 1,800 years bespeak today—the Aaronic Priesthood. the reason for this lack of interest, or

fore, baptized the Savior, the Son of John the Baptist, in conferring this casual attitude, is largely due to a lack

God. priesthood on Joseph Smith and Oliver of understanding. Perhaps the experiHe further stated to Joseph and Cowdery, told in part what it is: "I ence of the late Elder James E.

Oliver that he acted under the direcconfer the Priesthood of Aaron, which Talmage, one of the great men of the

Era, December 1970 109 THE FAMILY ALLPURPOSE STONEGROUND

the recognized Church, by was who FLOUR MILL intellect, will his keen shed world for

You will be proud to own this hoodsome canlightmeanon whatin thethelifeAaronicof a boy.Priestbeautiful, New Kitchen Appliance Sunday"I wasmorning,called withoutand ordainedany previousone

notice; and that afternoon was placed

as a sentinel at the door of the house 1. Grinds any grain, from wheat to in which the Saints had met for worcorn and soy beans. ship. As soon as I had been ordained,

2. Simple to adjust from cake flour a feeling came to me such as I have

to various sizes of breakfast food never been able to fully describe. It

cereal. seemed scarcely possible, that I, a little

3. Heavy duty throughout. No plastic boy, could be so honored of God to be

or wooden to of parts to wear and offcalled the priesthood. read I had

precision. set

of the sons were and of Levi Aaron who

Because this machine so finely powchosen for the sacred labors of the ders the Bran and Germ, your family Lesser Priesthood, but that I should be will be able to assimulate the vitacalled to do part of the service that mins and minerals much easier. had been required of them was more

than my little mind could grasp. I

was both frightened and happy. Then,

If you are interested in Better Nutrition when I was placed on duty at the door,

I forgot that I was but an elevenyear- at lower prices, write for information old lad; I felt strong in the thought

that I belonged to the Lord, and that he would assist me in whatever was

Family AllPurpose Flour Mill Co. required of me. I could not resist the

P.O. Box 221 conviction that other sentinels, stronger

Downey, Idaho 83234 by far than I, stood by me though invisible to human eyes.

"The effect of my ordination to the deaconship entered into all the affairs of my boyish life. I am afraid that

sometimes I forgot what I was, but I have ever been thankful that ofttimes

I did remember, and the recollection always served to make me better. When

Extra Quality. at play on the school grounds, and

Built to last a lifetime! perhaps tempted to take unfair advantage in the game, when in the midst of

Mills on hand. No waiting. remember,a dispute withand thea playmate,thought wouldI wouldbe

Grain and Corn mill as effective as though spoken aloud 7 am a deacon; and it is not right that

Grinds and Prepares wheat, corn, a deacon should act in this way.'On

nuts, seeds, etc. examination days, when it seemed easy

for to copy other boy's some me work

Adjustable... Quickly and easily 'crib'or to the from book, I would

regulates for fine or coarse remember again 'I am a deacon, and grinding. must be honest and true.'When I saw

other in cheating boys or play in

All of our Finer Plates... Coronas school, say in I would Tt mind, my

"special with equipped made"for be would wicked more to do me grinding plates. that than it is for them, because I am

deacon.'a to operate.... Easy Speedy that "Nothing required was of me

per Grinds about a pound in the duties office was irksome; of my

minute! the sense of the great honor of my

$11.75 Postpaid West of Rockies ordinationI was the onlymadedeaconall servicein thewelcome.branch,

$12.75 Postpaid East of Rockies and had abundant opportunity to work.

$14.95 Postpaid in Canada "The impression made upon my

Extra Grinding Plates—$1.95 Set Postpaid mindnever whenfaded. I Thewas madefeelinga deaconthat I washas

Special prices to church groups. called to the special service of the Lord,

We also have breadmixers, juicers, and other useful items. as a bearer of the priesthood, has been

a source of strength to me through the

I later to was ordained years. When

99 North Main higher offices in the Church, the same

Smithfield Implement Co. Smithfield, Utah 84335

I SALTZLAKE CTvlCOTTONWOOD OGDEN

assurance has come to me, on every strong, vigorous, interested in all that such occasion—that I was in truth was going on about him, surely loving

endowed with power from heaven, and and kind, but at the same time one that the Lord demanded of me that I who could exhibit righteous anger. If

honor his authority. I have heen orthis were not true, how could he have

dained in turn a teacher, an elder, a caused rough fishermen to follow him high priest, and lastly an apostle of with just one sentence: "Follow me,

the Lord Jesus Christ, and with every and I will make you fishers of men"?

ordination there has come to me a new (Matt. 4:19.) He spent his youth and

and soulthrilling feeling which first young adulthood as a carpenter, a trade

I knew when I was called to be a dearequiring strength and skill. Would

con in the service of the Lord."(Course he have dared drive the money

of study for the quorums of the priestchangers from the temple had he not hood: Deacons, 1914, pp. 13536. been a man of great strength and courItalics added.) age? It takes a man of unusual warmth

Brother Talmage was a boy in Engto attract throngs of little children as land at the time of his ordination. The the Savior did. No other man has lived

reason he was placed as a sentinel at whose influence has been so profound the door was to warn the members of in directing the course of human bethe approach of their enemies, for there havior.

was much persecution of the Church As the young men of the Aaronic in that area. Imagine, a newly ordained Priesthood become better acquainted

deacon being given this responsibility! with the life and teachings of the

There are two observations I would Savior, and as they emulate these like to make from Brother Talmage's teachings, new purpose and direction account of this experience. First, he will come into their lives. They will

was given something worthwhile to do find that the Savior was concerned of leaders. the faith in with same complexby his many They exhibited prob- "THE ENVOY"exist that today; lems for example,him. immediately became involved. He

hypocrisy, of today's important, one most serious even heSecond, and more still all problems. that of TWO PANT SUITSrecognized the weaknesses a even Of though

young boy, he had the authority and men, this one was most strongly de- a zcrni exclusive power to perform the task given him nounced by the Savior. He said: "But

because he held the priesthood. This woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, made especially

recognition replaced fear with courage. hypocrites! for ye shut up the kingdom for missionaries

I believe he actually experienced the of heaven against men: for ye neither

ministering of angels. go in yourselves, neither suffer ye them

There is every reason that our young that are entering to go in. $89.95*

spiritual scribes the you, Pharitoday can unto have and same "Woemen

You'll never again satisfied be with sees, for hypocrites! givingexperience, of feeling a ye devour widows'them

suit! other any the finest miracle Of for felt pretence destiny, houses, as Elder a longworth and make and by

fabric, pressed The Envoy an has prayer: shall receive therefore ye theTalmage.

unconditional twoyear guarwear live greater society in damnation. has which we The antee. weight'for "Mid year round

life; scribes divergent viewpoints Phariyou, unto about and "Woemany comfort; not does spot under normal

sees, of tithe for hypocrites! given ye because mint our been payand have we Solids, wear. checks, stripes and

it anise tofree for ourselves, choose agency have and and and cummin, regular, longs, extra longs is vitally omitted of the weightier matters carefully that important we shorts. the overplaids;and

evaluate all aspects of life before maklaw, judgment, mercy, and faith: these

ing our choices. In this process of ought ye to have done, and not to 'check with us for our missionary discount

evaluation, it is not uncommon for us, leave the other undone."(Matt. 23:13ZCMI BUDGET STORES MENS SUITS - all stores

particularly in our younger years, to 14, 23.)

look to someone we admire as our ideal It took a man of great courage and or our hero. It might be a parent, an vitality to speak and act as Jesus did.

athlete, a leader in the community, etc. At the same time, all that he said and

I suggest to the young men of the did was tempered by love, compassion,

Aaronic Priesthood, yes, to all young and charity. Casseroles, Sprouting,

everywhere, that the greatest hero, suffering As he the crossmen on hung the Uj\ Breads, Pastries, Storage lived is ever of hasif you cruel torture, will, who the agony "Father, he said,

Savior of mankind, Jesus Christ. I also forgive them; for they know not what

suggest that his life and teachings are they do."(Luke 23:34.) 'MAKE A TREAT

just as relevant today as at any time In today's world of confusion andin history. conflict, the life and teachings of Jesus WITH WHEAT"

It is particularly that important of Nazareth stand alone as the certain

Price: $1.95

his holding priesthoodyoung solution bemen problems. greater to man's No Discount intimately acquainted with orcome opportunity blessing him into Group can come

in order life to understand the to know and of a than young man to be HAZEL RICHARDShim. artists Unfortunately, called and others to the ordained and Aaronic

2857 Hermosa Way pictured soft,have as effeminate, Priesthood, him thus being authorized to Salt Lake 84117 City, Utah all, analyze his life atand sad. If we gave act for him his life on who

we see a person who was masculine, Calvary.

Era, December 1970 111 The Aaronic Priesthood is not a assessment of the Aaronic Priesthood: nial Star, October 5, 1891, p. 629.)

makework activity designed to keep "... I went out as a Priest, and my I bear my humble witness to all who

young men busy and out of trouble. It companion as an Elder, and we travhear my voice this day, that John the

is a segment of the government of the eled thousands of miles, and had many Baptist actually and literally did apkingdom of God on the earth. Those things manifested to us. I desire to pear to Joseph Smith and Oliver

holding it are empowered to perform impress upon you the fact that it does Cowdery and conferred upon them the the duties that will aid the Lord in not make any difference whether a keys of the Aaronic Priesthood. If paraccomplishing his work and his glory, man is a Priest or an Apostle, if he ents, leaders, and holders of this

which he said was "to bring to pass the magnifies his calling. A Priest holds priesthood will recognize it for what

immortality and eternal life of man."the keys of the ministering of angels. it truly is, and if our young men will

(Moses 1:39.) Never in my life, as an Apostle, as a make themselves acquainted with him

No greater nor more important asSeventy, or as an Elder, have I ever who stands at the head and emulate signment can come to a boy or a man had more of the protection of the Lord his life, a mighty and great generation than this. President Wilford Woodthan while holding the office of of'leaders will come forth. In the name

ruff, a prophet of God, supports this Priest."(Wilford Woodruff, in Millenof Jesus Christ. Amen. O

::,.. Our Beliefin Christ

President Bruce R. McConkie

Of the First Council of the Seventy

I desire very much to be directed by of old, this glorious message was first Lamb slain from the foundation of the the Spirit, because I know that when a revealed in modern times to the world whose blood atoneth for the sins man speaks by the power of the Holy Prophet Joseph Smith and has since of all those who believe in his name.

Ghost, that holy being carries the word been planted in the hearts of all the In the words of a holy angel who of truth into the heart of every receptrue servants of the Lord by the revelaministered to a Book of Mormon tive soul. tion of Jesus Christ. prophet: "... there shall be no other

We are servants of the Lord, and he And so now, obedient to the divine name given nor any other way nor has sent us into the world to say to command, we proclaim the saving means whereby salvation can come every creature: "God has a message for truths of the gospel, not in the spirit unto the children of men, only in

you,"and then to deliver that message of contention or debate, but by way of and through the name of Christ, the in his name. announcement, of exhortation, and of Lord Omnipotent."(Mosiah 3:17.)

The message he has given us to protestimony. Also: "... salvation was, and is, and

claim in the ears of all who dwell We are bold to say that there is a is to come, in and through the atoning upon the earth is the gospel of the God in heaven, an infinite and holy blood of Christ, the Lord Omnipotent."

Lord Jesus Christ. It is the plan of being who is our Eternal Father and (Mosiah 3:18.)

salvation. It is that Christ hath abolwhose offspring we are in the spirit; In pleading with men to believe in

ished death and brought life and imthat he ordained the plan of salvaChrist and be reconciled to God so as mortality to light through the gospel. It tion whereby we, his spirit children, to gain a remission of their sins, Nephi

is a message of peace in this life and might advance and progress and besaid: "... we talk of Christ, we rejoice

eternal life in the world to come. come like him; that he chose his Firstin Christ, we preach of Christ, we

This message comprises the most born in the spirit to be the Savior and prophesy of Christ,... [for] the right

sobering and glorious truths of which Redeemer in his great plan of salvaway is to believe in Christ, and deny the human mind can conceive. It is a tion; and that ever thereafter, to honor him not; and Christ is the Holy One

voice of joy and gladness and thanksits chief advocate and exponent, this of Israel; wherefore ye must bow down

giving; of glory and honor; of immorplan of salvation has been known as before him, and worship him with all

tality and eternal life. And it is the gospel of Jesus Christ. your might, mind, and strength, and

destined to make of this earth, a heavWe testify that according to the your whole soul; and if ye do this ye

en; and of man, a god. terms and conditions of God's eternal shall in nowise be cast out."(2 Ne.

Known to the apostles and prophets plan, salvation is in Christ. He is the 25:26, 29.)

Thus we are bold to extol his holy PRESS name, to proclaim that he is the Lord

Jehovah, the Great I Am, the Creator of heaven and earth and all things which in them are. And thus we testify that

he is the God of Israel, the promised

Messiah, the Only Begotten, the Son of God.

Our proclamation is that he came into the world to ransom men from the temporal and spiritual death brought upon them through the fall of Adam;

inheritingthat born of Mary, he was * of mortality,from her the power which 1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah 84104 is the power to die; that he is literally Call (801) 4861892 m|

the Son of God, in the same sense in which all men are the offspring of i in mortal fathers; and that he inherited Layout and Design Typography C

of his the Fatherfrom power immorPhoto-typography Lithographic Offset jfijtality, live. is the to power which

is 4-Color Process that the Letterpress because he know We flesh, able in the Begotten heOnly was and Mailing Bindery Shipping |K Separations W infiniteto eternal out the and work atonement, whereby all men are raised in immortality, which is redemption from the temporal fall, while those who believe and obey his laws are raised also unto eternal life, which is redemption from the spiritual fall. Now we join with Peter and Paul v'iSOUl 3*v

and his servants of old in announcing that he is risen; that he broke the bands

of death and gained the victory over the grave—which thing they knew because they saw him after the resurrecfelttion, ate him, with the nail marks

feet,in his thrust their A SPECIAL HERITAGE and hands and hands into the spear wound in his At TRACYCOLLINS we feel very much side; and which thing we know because a part of the Utah Heritage. We've been

he has returned to earth in our day, <ff? helping to plan for tomorrow since 1884.

manifesting himself anew to modern So we've had original drawings done to prophets, and because the Holy Spirit imprint on a special series of Heritage of God bears witness to us that he is Checks. The drawings reflect our state and

the risen Lord. our community. For complete informareservation the without We accept better tion write yet, drop or phone—or

ancienttestimony of the prophets that office nearest you. the by TRACYCOLLINS

after their there be a falling day would ONLY faith to TRACYCOLLINS delivered the from onceaway FREE OFFER ISTOUTAH'S MAJOR BANK theirthe saints; also as prophecies that CHECKING WITH A MINIMUM

God, by angelic ministration, would BALANCE OF JUST $98.00!

restore the everlasting gospel in the last days and gather scattered Israel to its standard. A<jfW

And we now add to their testimony in witnessour that has God these last oBANK InsAND TRUST restored truths thosedays obedience byto which salvation may be won. 1516South Main Street

We are one with the ancients in our 475 East Second South belief in Christ. We accept him as the 4707 Holladay Blvd.

Son of God, as the Savior and Re888 East 4500 South of grateful world. aredeemer the We 84111 Utah Salt Lake City,

fitthat seen to he has the to add canon 3288161 (801) scripture, revealingof holy anew, with a plainness and perfection which surMember Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation pass the record of old, those things which men must do to be justified through faith in him and to work out GENEALOGISTS list price of items. over Free Xerox 300their salvation with trembling fear and (4-7 copies of copying 5c 4c each; same DIAMONDSbefore him. (58original); (8-29); 1c (3057); 3c 2c

Direct from Antwerp—pictures (each copied 110). Genealogy 42c believe the witness born by the We for value your money More additional catalog). 7c; see of 5 copy page Leo Wins, Brother Contact

Mail orders welcomed.

STEVENSON'S GENEALOGICAL CENTER 86, Pelikaan, Str.

230 West 1230 North, Provo, Utah 84601 2000—Antwerp Belgium.

Era, December 1970 113 Lord's servants of old and gain great "... I saw a pillar of light exactly the breastwork of the pulpit, before us;

satisfaction from studying and ponderover my head, above the brightness of and under his feet was a paved work ing in our hearts the doctrines they the sun, which descended gradually of pure gold, in color like amber.

taught and the testimonies they bore until it fell upon me. "His eyes were as a flame of fire;

as these are recorded in the Bible. "... I saw two Personages, whose the hair of his head was white like the

But the fire of testimony which brightness and glory defy all descrippure snow; his countenance shone

burns in our hearts was not lighted at tion, standing above me in the air. above the brightness of the sun; and

ancient altars, nor is the knowledge One of them spake unto me, calling his voice was as the sound of the rushwe have of the doctrines of salvation me by name and said, pointing to the ing of great waters, even the voice of based solely upon the partial and other This is My Beloved Son. Hear Jehovah, saying:

fragmentary accounts of what God reHim!"(Joseph Smith 2:1617.) "I am the first and the last; I am

vealed to men in ancient days. Second: Nearly twelve years later, he who liveth, I am he who was slain;

The ancient saints had the gospel, Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon "be- I am your advocate with the Father."

which is the power that saves men, and held the glory of the Son, on the right (D&C 110:1-4.)

they recorded many of its truths in hand of the Father,"together with a Now, as servants of the Lord, we antheir scriptures. The world today has great concourse of "holy angels,"and nounce and testify that these three

the record of part of what the saints recorded their testimony in these visions were as real and true as any of old possessed. words: ever received by any prophet in any

But thanks be to God, we have the "And now, after the many testiage.

gospel, with all its saving power, remonies which have been given of him, There is no room for contention or stored again. God has given us the this is the testimony, last of all, which debate. We are not quoting the Bible

same doctrines, the same keys, and also we give of him: That he lives! to prove what happened any more than

the same powers possessed by those of "For we saw him, even on the right Peter turned to the writings of Isaiah old. All these things have been dishand of God; and we heard the voice to prove he had felt the nail marks in

pensed anew in this final, glorious bearing record that he is the Only the hands and feet of the risen Lord.

gospel dispensation. Begotten of the Father."(D&C 76:20We are saying with words of soberness

I shall call your attention to three 23.) that men in our day have heard the

heavenly visions which are part of this Third: In April 1836, Joseph Smith voice of God and seen the visions of

restoration of the gospel: and Oliver Cowdery saw the Lord of eternity, and that the power of God

First: In the spring of 1820, Joseph heaven, of which this is the scriptural whereby salvation comes is once more

Smith sought wisdom from God. In the account: held by living apostles and prophets.

providences of the Lord, he then re- "The veil was taken from our minds, And all men everywhere have exactly ceived one of the most marvelous and the eyes of our understanding the same obligation to heed and bevisions of all time, which he recorded were opened. lieve our testimony as men had in

in these words: "We saw the Lord standing upon former days to accept the witness of

the prophets of old.

The issue in Peter's day was: Did

Christ rise from the dead? If so, he

was the Son of God, and the religion of the ancient saints had saving power.

To prove their message, the Lord's ancient servants reasoned out of the scriptures and bore testimony of what they knew by personal revelation.

The issue today is: Was Joseph

Smith called of God? If so, the religion

of the Latterday Saints has saving power. And to prove our message, like

our brethren of old, we reason out of the scriptures and bear testimony of what we know by personal revelation.

And so we testify that the Holy

Ghost certifies to us that Jesus Christ is the Son of the living God; that

Joseph Smith is the great latterday prophet through whom the knowledge of Christ and of salvation was restored;

and that this Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints is in very deed the kingdom of God on earth, the one place where men may come to find peace in this life and become inheritors of eternal glory in the life to come.

We are servants of the Lord, and he has commanded us to proclaim his gospel message to all men. And of that

message we now testify that as our

Lord and our God liveth, it is true. In

the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

Amen. o

We live in an interesting period of through, a period of history in which the modernists? Can we say there was

the history of mankind. The slow pace socalled modern thought is taking no Garden of Eden or an Adam and

of man's progress from the beginning precedence in the minds of many perEve? Because modernists now declare

gradually commenced to accelerate and sons who classify themselves as advothe story of the flood is unreasonable gain speed. Today we find advancecates of a modern generation. The and impossible, should we disbelieve

ment moving at such increased momore extreme of these lean toward the account of Noah and the flood as mentum that we are often frightened free thinking and free action without related in the Old Testament?

by the, thoughts of the future. Man assuming the responsibility men owe Let us examine what the Master said

takes pride in the rapid strides of scito fellowmen. Where will we be led when the disciples came to him as he

ence that have created conveniences for if we follow those who advocate freesat on the Mount of Olives. They

his everyday living. His health has dom of use of drugs and freedom of asked him to tell them of the time of

been improved by the progress of medimorality? What will be the result of his coming and of the end of the

cine, and his lifespan has been exuniversal free love, abortions at will, world. Jesus answered: "But of that

tended. Sweeping reforms in many homosexuality, or legalized pornogday and hour knoweth no man, no, not

areas of society have enhanced his raphy? the angels of heaven, but my Father

wellbeing. Business and industry are What of spiritual values and the reonly.

moving forward at a pace never before ligious ideals of past generations, "But as the days of Noe were, so known, and this generation has the which have been the great stabilizing shall also the coming of the Son of highest standard of living ever enjoyed influence on society? Modern thinkers man be.

by man. We are proud to be living in claim these have been the great deter- "For as in the days that were before

a modern world of achievement. rents to man in the freedoms he now the flood they were eating and drinkWill all of this spiraling progress be seeks. There is a great effort on the ing, marrying and giving in marriage,

good for man in the years that lie part of socalled modernists to change until the day that Noe entered into the ahead? Will it be beneficial in every religious beliefs and teachings of the ark,

respect to our children and grandpast to conform to modern thought and "And knew not until the flood came, children? We would agree, no doubt, critical research. They deemphasize and took them all away; so shall also

that many things give us concern. the teachings of the Bible by modern the coming of the Son of man be."

What of the future of the family and critical methods and deny that scrip- (Matt. 24:3639.)

home life, which in past generations ture is inspired. The modernist teaches In this statement the Master conhave been great stabilizing forces in that Christ is not the Son of God. He firmed the story of the flood without

society? What of the solidarity of denies the doctrine of the atoning sacmodernizing it. Can we accept some of

community and national life? What of rifice by which all men may be saved. the statements of the Lord as being

the future of our economy, as the conHe denies the fact of the resurrection of true and at the same time reject others sequence of inflation and increased the Savior of the world and relegates as being false?

debt? What of the modern course of him to the status of a teacher of ethics. When Martha heard that Jesus was

deterioration of morality and its effect Where, then, is hope? What has becoming, she went out to meet him

upon individuals, families, nations, and come of faith? and they discussed the matter of the

the world? We are forced to admit The Old Testament unfolds the death of her brother and the resurrecthat what we term as progress brings story of the creation of the earth and tion. "Jesus said unto her, I am the

with it many consequences of serious man by God. Should we now disreresurrection, and the life: he that beconcern. gard this account and modernize the lieveth in me, though he were dead,

We are entering into, or going creation according to the theories of yet shall he live."(John 11:25.)

Era, December 1970 115 Both of these statements, the one regarding Noah and the fact of the flood NOW! and the one in which he declared himself to be the resurrection and the life,

were made by the Lord. How can we

believe one and not the other? How

can we modernize the story of the flood or refer to it as a myth and yet cling to the truth of the other? How

can we modernize the Bible and have it be a guiding light to us and a vital influence in our beliefs?

There are those who declare it is oldfashioned to believe in the Bible.Burning Is it oldfashioned to believe in God,

Christ, in Jesus Living the the Son of YOU CAN

Is to it oldfashioned in believe God?

his atoning sacrifice and the resurrecTree LIVE IN tion? If it is, I declare myself to be

fashioned. great In simplicity the SALT LAKE CITY oldfashioned and the Church is oldprinciples the Master taught of lifeAcres at the eternalness to thoseand lessonswith thethatfaithbringto believe.happiBurning Tree Acres is an exclusive, It doesn't seem reasonable to assume

planned community especially the necessity of modernizing these developed for families seeking the teachings of the Master. His message best in wholesome living. Members NEWHOUSE concerned principles that are eternal.

these principles, Following of millions of City Center their only not or lot, own own home persons religious rich have found exOvernight Residential and also but they share equal ownership lives. periences their in of People Free Parking in recreational wonderful the today's are seeking world a meaningful Family Rooms facilities which have completely been life, in purpose are and thousands

Daily from $8.00 developed. seeking religious a experience that

Burning Tree Acres provides meaningful. Can such an experienceis

delightful suburban living with all be found in meditation only, or by a the nearby conveniences imaginable. MONTHLY RATE seance? Can a meaningful experience

It's just five minutes from BYU, be found in trips with drugs or in loveins? Such an attempt is to go through the new LDS Temple in Provo, new $200.

shopping centers, schools, churches, the back, the side door, or over the not the through pointed out way Lake Canyon! and Provo Utah PRIVATE ROOM—the Lord. BATH wall,by It wonderful? Sound is! ALL and MEALS SERVICES the to spoke Lord the PhariWhen—MAIL FOR DETAILS—sees at the Feast of the Tabernacles,

Please send me a fullcolor brochure on he used these words: "Verily, verily, I

Burning Tree Acres. I am not obligated NEWHOUSE say unto you, He that entereth not by

in any way by this request. 4th South and Main the door into the sheepfold, but climbNAME Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 eth up some other way, the same is a

ADDRESS Name thief"Thenand saida robber.Jesus unto them again,

CITY Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the

STATE... ZIP Address door of the sheep."(John 10:1, 7.)

A meaningful religious experience

Marriott Development Co. can come in no other way than by that

1775 South 300 East, Orem, Utah 84057 Print Name and Address door,Therethroughhave alwaysthe LordbeenJesusthoseChrist.who

wanted a sign before they would believe. During his ministry the Master

in AVAILABLE asked was for NOW response to occasions a on many Kernel The Wheat sign. requests many - a reissue of one Miracle Food New Pharisees "The of the also with the Sadduof great books the Church: of this oz. protein, 2 mineral Only vitamin and

cees came, tempting desired and is enriched food equal value in food 8 02. to an him

steak, of bowl tossed green green peas salad. and that he would shew them a sign from

oz. daily provides Only an lowcalorie 6

diet. complete for to use. your GOSPEL heaven. Easy Aideal,must

food storage program! "He answered and said unto them,

lb.) (4>/2 Packed case. per cans 6 #10 it is evening, say, It ye will When be sheet recipe Free with 1 order. case STANDARDS fair is for weather: the recipe Free or red. 2 cases sky with book more. by President Heber J. Grant Case less of meals per meal. than 168 7c in the It "And morning, will be foul sold Hundreds at case. per $13.80 An Improvement Era publication

to weather is for day: the sky red and till Special price 31. December FOB. $10.50

Order from lowring. hypocrites, ye disye can O

Kateiia, 7554 Kernel The Wheat CHURCH PUBLICATIONS (Near Stanton California Disneyland) So. State 79 Street

Phone (714) 82808421 90680 Salt City, Lake Utah 84111 (Shipping prepaid on 12 Cases or more.)

at And book dealers everywhere. 116

Price is only $4.95 postpaid

cern the face of the sky; but can ye "And the second is like unto it, Thou lative. The restored gospel of Jesus

not discern the signs of the times? shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. Christ can be a dynamic, moving in-

"A wicked and adulterous genera- "On these two commandments hang fluence, and true acceptance gives us tion seeketh after a sign...."(Matt. all the law and the prophets."(Matt. a meaningful, religious experience. One

16:1-4.) 22:3740.) of the great strengths of the Mormon

Perhaps it was with them, as with What greater laws could be given religion is this translation of belief many today, truth is not recognized as to bring peace, prosperity, and progress into daily thinking and conduct. This

truth unless accompanied by the sento man if he will faithfully live the replaces turmoil and confusion with sational. What would have been accommandments to love? peace and tranquility.

complished had the Lord called down In this time of rapid change, we The Church stands firmly against thunder and lightning, or plucked a can maintain an equilibrium if we prerelaxation or change in moral issues star from the sky, or divided the water serve a belief in God and a love for and opposes the socalled new morality.

to satisfy the curiosity of men? They him, but we cannot love God unless Spiritual values cannot be set aside,

would probably have said it was the we love his children also. These are notwithstanding modernists who would

work of the devil, or their eyes deceived our neighbors, and true love of them tear them down. We can be modern

them. knows no class or culture, race, color, without giving way to the influence of

Signs are evident to the faithful. or creed. the modernist. If it is oldfashioned to

Sick persons are healed; prayers are anThe members of The Church of believe in the Bible, we should thank

swered; changes are wrought in the Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints open God for the privilege of being oldlives of those who believe, accept, and their arms to neighbors everywhere. fashioned.

live the commandments. We prove The restored Church of Christ asPermit me to conclude with my perChrist by living the principles of his sumes its charge and responsibility to sonal conviction and testimony. I know

gospel. He made great promises of take the gospel of Jesus Christ in love God lives, the same God described in

blessings to those who live the comto its neighbors over the world and the Old and the New Testaments. I

mandments: "I, the Lord, am bound endeavors to help those who receive know Jesus Christ is his Son. He gave

sacrifice great life in the I say; the gospel to live the teachings of the his atoning ye but what do when ye'when

I Savior, Master. say, ye your have do not became no promise."what he whereby my

(D&C 82:10.) Many of the commandIn this world of confusion and rushSavior, and the Savior of all mankind.

ments are restrictive, but reason dictates ing, temporal progress, we need to I also know there is a prophet of God they are for man's good. In addition to return to the simplicity of Christ. We on the earth today who speaks the

the restrictive commandments are the need to love, honor, and worship him. mind and will of the Lord to his chilpositive admonitions. The two great To acquire spirituality and have its dren in the same manner that prophets

imperatives are to love God and love influence in our lives, we cannot behave spoken to God's children in all one's fellowmen. come confused and misdirected by the ages of the past. May the Lord give

"Thou shalt love the Lord thy God twisted teachings of the modernist. We us the capacity to understand his

with all thy heart, and with all thy need to study the simple fundamentals teachings and the strength to follow soul, and with all thy mind. of the truths taught by the Master and with conviction and steadfastness, I

"This is the first and great comeliminate the controversial. Our faith pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

mandment. in God needs to be real and not specuAmen. O

In recent months the plight of the glected of all the minorities on this daily seminary classes are being proAmerican Indians has been brought to continent. vided for more than 15,000 Indian

public attention in a most impressive We are thankful that the Latterday students, and through the efforts of the manner. Saints have taken an active part over Church an additional 5,000 are receivAs a result, further steps will be the years in providing extensive aid to ing fulltime elementary and high

taken to improve the lot of these them. Particularly have we given assisschool education at no cost to thempeople, who are among the most netance in the educational field. This year selves.

Era, December 1970 117 We also provide a college program The Marvels of Copan, the historian That he was a Christian divinity for many of our Indians, of whom 475 Munoz wrote: "Architecture, astronnone can successfully deny.

are enrolled this year at Brigham omy, mathematics, painting, weaving That his teachings were akin to the

Young University; 426 took college and all the arts that embellish life, Bible is now readily admitted.

work there last year. once flourished here."And that he promised to return in a

Brigham Young University has conHe emphasized that the forefathers second coming is also an acknowledged ferred B.A. degrees upon 85 Indian stuof the Indians were not savages in any fact.

dents recently, and 20 have received sense, for no savage, he said, ever conThe account of his appearance was masters or doctors degrees. More than ceived of the wonders which were preserved through generations of In-

a score are now enrolled in graduate commonly known among the Mayans. dians from Chile to Alaska, and interschool there. Dr. Wissler, on page 147 of his book estingly enough, it is likewise well

Brigham Young University also has on Mayan civilization, explains that the known among the Polynesians from an Institute of American Indian ReMayans manufactured paper through Hawaii to New Zealand, giving one search and Services, and through it a process similar to that of the Egypmore evidence of the close relationship supervises more than thirty agricultural tians in making writing materials from between the Polynesians and the early projects for Indians in the Western papyrus. inhabitants of the Americas.

America. The American Heritage Book of InIn the main all such accounts agree.

Ecclesiastical training is likewise bedians, on page 19, says: They differ in name and minor details

ing provided for more than 35,000 In- "The Mayans attained the highest from island to island and from country dians who are members of our church. civilization known in ancient America to country, but the overall conclusion

They are bright and adaptable and and one of the highest known any is the same—there was a visitation by a

are proud of their ancestral heritage, place in the early world."heavenly being among those people

for they know they are descended from These people had a welldeveloped nearly 2,000 years ago.

a great people. irrigation system. They built dams and Of such veracity is the information

Recently we attended a gathering of aqueducts. They terraced hillsides, now available concerning him that

Mexican residents of Salt Lake City turning them into productive farm Paul Herrmann was induced to say in and heard them express great pride in lands by the use of irrigation. These his book The Conquest of Man:

their Indian ancestry, and well they water systems were in general use 2,000 "Carefully considered this leaves no may, for the more we learn about the years before the Spaniards came, and conclusion open than that the Light early inhabitants of Mexico, the more some of them still exist. God Quetzalcoatl was a real person,

we realize that indeed they were truly The early Americans were a numerthat he was neither the invention of a great race. ous people. About the time of the conSpanish propaganda nor a legendary

This conclusion was reached also quest there were 25 million in Central figment of Indian imagination."(Page

by Dr. Alfred V. Kidder, one of the Mexico alone. 72.)

Keep in mind that this comes from the highly intelligent early Americans who knew astronomy, mathematics, irrigation, and architecture. It was not

the dream of an ignorant or superstitious people. It was history from one

of the highest civilizations known among ancient men.

This great being was known as Quetzalcoatl in parts of Mexico, primarily in the Cholula area. He was

Votan in Chiapas and Wixepechocha in Oaxaca; Gucumatz in Guatemala;

Virachocha and Hyustus in Peru;

Sume in Brazil, and Bochica in

Colombia.

To the Peruvians he was also known leading authorities on Mayan culture. But more impressive than any of as Contici or Illatici, tici meaning

In his book A Guide to Quirigua, this these facts about the early Americans both creator and light. To the Mayans

eminent scholar said: is their account of a visitation among he was principally known as Kukulcan.

"The great cities of the old Mayan their ancestors nearly 2,000 years ago, In the Polynesian islands he was

Empire were built during the first part of a divine personage who remained known as Lono, Kana, Kane, or Kon, of the Christian era. For nearly 600 among them for many days, teaching and sometimes as Kanaloa, meaning

years these gifted people were leaders and blessing them. the great light or great brightness. He

in art and architecture, mathematics These highly intelligent and skillful was also known among some Polyand astronomy. They evolved a calearly Americans affirmed that this pernesians as KaneAkea, the great proendar in some ways more accurate than sonage taught them a divine religion, genitor, or as Tongaroa, the god of the

ours.... The growth of the Indian healed their sick, raised some of the ocean sun.

civilizations, although differing in de-, dead, taught new and more productive What did he look like, this divine tail, was strikingly like that of our own, agricultural methods, and established personage?

which originated in Egypt and Meso- a government of equity and peace. He was described by the ancients as

potamia.... Social and economic Their accounts say that he came a tall white man, bearded, and having

systems were organized, cities grew, reamong them suddenly and left equally blue eyes. He wore loose, flowing robes.

ligion developed, and temples were so, in a supernatural manner. The He seemed to be a person of great aubuilt for worship."ancients regarded him as the Creator, thority and unmeasured kindness. He

Writing in a similar vein, in his book come to earth in bodily form. had power to make hills into plains and

plains into high mountains. He could taries of his kingdom were totally conthe ancient volume records it:

bring fountains of water from the solid vinced that Cortez and Quetzalcoatl "... he was clothed in a white robe;

rock. were one and the same, as can be seen and he came down and stood in the

One of the remarkable things about in the chronicles.... midst of them; and the eyes of the

his coming was that he appeared after "As late as 1864 when the blond whole multitude were turned upon several days of dense darkness during bearded Emperor Maximilian arrived him, and they durst not open their which the people had prayed constantly in Vera Cruz, reminiscences lingered mouths, even one to another....

for a return of the sun. While the in the minds of the Indians which re- "And it came to pass that he

darkness yet prevailed—and I refer to minded them of the promise of the stretched forth his hand and spake unto

—thethe bookpeopleThe sufferedIncas, by greatPedrohardshipsde Leon returnMontezumaof Quetzalcoatl."accepted Cortez as the"Behold,people, saying:I am Jesus Christ, whom

and offered earnest prayers to God, though he were Deity, but the treachthe prophets testified shall come into seeking a return of the light that had ery of the Spaniards and his men soon the world.

failed. soon changed that, and warfare re- "And behold, I am the light and the

When at last the sun did shine, this sulted. Poor, trusting Montezuma lost life of the world; and I have drunk

divinity appeared. Says Pedro de Leon: both his throne and his life, but the out of that bitter cup which the Father

He was a "white man of large stature tradition remained. hath given me, and have glorified the

whose air and Person aroused great A similar situation occurred when Father in taking upon me the sins of respect and veneration.... And when Captain James Cook, the British exthe world...."

they saw his power they called him plorer, came to Hawaii. Peculiarly Then the Savior said to them:

the Maker of all things; their Beginenough, he landed there when the na- "Arise and come forth unto me, that

ner; the Father of the sun."(The tives were celebrating their Makahiki ye may thrust your hands into my

Incas.) Festival, which kept alive the tradition side, and also that ye may feel the

This personage, as he taught his reof the White God among the Polyprints in my hands and in my feet, ligion, urged the people to build temnesians. Cook also was received as that ye may know that I am the God

ples for worship, and his followers Deity and taken to the sacred temple of Israel, and the God of the whole became very devout. (Pierre Honore, of Lono. But his men were far less earth, and have been slain for the sins

In Quest of the White God.) As he than angelic, and their depredations of the world.

left them, he promised to come again, brought down the wrath of the natives "And it came to pass that the multiwhich caused the natives for many upon the entire landing party. In the tude went forth, and thrust their hands

generations to look for his return even battle which ensued, Cook lost his into his side, and did feel the prints as the Jews look for their promised life. of the nails in his hands and in his

Messiah. But in reality, who was the Great feet; and this they did do, going forth

This faith led to disaster on two White God? It was not Captain Cook, one by one until they had all gone

occasions, however, when the Spaniards and certainly it was not Cortez. Who forth, and did see with their eyes and

came to America and when Captain was he? did feel with their hands, and did know

Cook sailed to the Hawaiian Islands. When Jesus Christ ministered in

But these tragedies served only to reinPalestine, he told the people there, force the truth of the tradition. as is recorded in the tenth chapter of

When Cortez came to Mexico and the Gospel of John, that he had otherthe coastal natives saw him, they obsheep, not of the fold of Palestine, but "But in reality, served that he was a large white man. elsewhere. "... them also I must

king, shall said, bring,"to their they hurried hear "and MonteheThey who was the Great shall there the be that Great one fold,zuma, and and announced my voice;

White God had finally returned. and one shepherd."(John 10:16.)

This had a striking effect upon Jesus of Nazareth was this White White God?"

Montezuma. He remembered that God I After his resurrection in the Holy

when he was crowned as emperor, the Land he did in reality visit the early priests of the native religion reminded Americans. How do we know?

him: "This is not your throne; it is In the western hemisphere, as in

only lent to you and will one day be ancient Palestine, prophets ministered of a surety and did bear record, that returned to the Great One to whom among the people, giving them inspired it was he, of whom it was written by it is due."(Honore, p. '66.) direction. As did the prophets in the the prophets, that should come.

The Spanish author Duran, in his Holy Land, they also compiled records "And when they had all gone forth book The Aztecs, says that when of all important events. and had witnessed for themselves, they

Montezuma sent his faithful servant to They had predicted the coming of did cry out with one accord, saying:

greet Cortez and lead him to the palace, Christ among them, and the people "Hosannah! Blessed be the name of

the servant addressed Cortez as "O fully expected him. the Most High God I And they did fall

Lord and True God,"and added, "welAfter the three days of darkness down at the feet of Jesus, and did worcome to this your country and kingwhich had afflicted them, the people ship him."(3 Ne. 11:7-11, 1417.)

dom."Duran further says that the were gathered about their temple when He taught them his true religion,

Indians considered Cortez'companions they heard a voice from heaven which healed their sick, blessed their chilas divine beings also. said: dren, and organized his church on the

This Spanish author then continues: "Behold my Beloved Son, in whom western hemisphere as he had done

"There is no doubt that Montezuma I am well pleased, in whom I have in Palestine.

was greatly preoccupied with the reglorified my name—hear ye him."This is what gave rise to the traditurn of Quetzalcoatl who had left the This caused them to look into the tion of the Indians and Polynesians.

Vera Cruz coast and had promised to skies, and there they saw, descending And it has lived until now, being return. to the earth, a glorious Personage who transmitted from generation to gen-

"Montezuma and the other dignicame and stood before them. And as eration.

Era, December 1970 119 But how may we be sure that it was Book of Mormon actually was given out of darkness and the meek among the Christ? to the world. This is not mere coincimen wpuld increase their joy in the

As we mention, the many prophets dence. It is a modern fulfillment of Lord. All of this came to pass.

who lived in ancient America wrote Bible prophecy. And while this was taking place he

their histories and revelations as did Isaiah said it would be a sealed book, said the Almighty would perform a the prophets, in Palestine. They made and it was. marvelous work and a wonder during

many volumes. Finally these records He said the words of the book would a period of unbelief in the world, and

were abridged and compiled into one be delivered to a learned man who this too has been accomplished.

by a prophet named Mormon, who would reject the record, and this was The Book of Mormon is the volume lived about 400 years after Christ, here true. Peculiarly enough, and this most to which Isaiah refers. It is scripture,

in America. certainly helps to identify the book, the holy writ of ancient America, pubBecause he was the compiler, the he said it would pass through the lished now for the enlightenment of

book was called after him—the Book hands of an unlearned man as it came modern men.

of Mormon. It was brought forth in a to world attention, and this is exactly It is a new witness to the divinity of

miraculous manner in our day and what happened. Christ and bears testimony that he is

identifies the Christ as the White God By way of pointing to the time of its truly and in fact the Son of God, the of ancient times. That book is a volpublication, he said the book would Savior of the Christians, the Messiah

ume of scripture as is the Bible. In appear in the latter days as Palestine of the Jews, the White God of ancient

the twentyninth chapter of his writbecame a fruitful field, and this was America, and the Redeemer of all manings, Isaiah predicted that in the latter so. kind. And this too is our own testidays this new volume of scripture He predicted that even the deaf mony, and we bear it to you in the

would appear, and he describes its comwould hear the words of the book, and sacred name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

ing forth in the manner in which the that through it the blind would see Amen. O

My dear brethren and sisters: As I and preach the gospel to every creareligious pavilions represented—the

have reflected on many of the profound ture."(Mark 16:15.) Christian ecumenical pavilion, sponmessages given at this conference, a We have just returned from Japan, sored by the Catholic and Protestant

passage of scripture kept reflecting in a marvelous experience there, helping churches of Japan, and the Mormon my mind. The Lord said to the Prophet supervise and direct the work of the Pavilion, representing The Church of

Joseph Smith, "... the hour is not yet, Mormon Pavilion at the World's Fair. Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. The

but is nigh at hand, when peace shall We have a great body of Japanese Mormon Pavilion was very popular and be taken from the earth, and the devil people here at this conference. They crowded each day from the time the

shall have power over his own dominare an interesting people. They are a fair was opened until it closed.

ion; And also the Lord shall have great people. Many of them are going During the six months that the fair

power over his saints, and shall reign to have patriarchal blessings while they was running, almost 65 million people in their midst, and shall come down in are here. Those who have had patriattended the fair, and over ten percent

judgment upon... the world."(D&C archal blessings that I have spoken of that 65 million visited the Mormon

1:3536.) We may be in that time. with come from the tribe of Joseph, a Pavilion. Our attendance was 6,658,-

It's a great day to be a saint, with the fruitful bough. 532—almost a miracle for the small

Lord at the head. There seems to be Expo '70 was the first world's fair to pavilion we had to even come close to

room on this earth for both saints and be staged in Asia and has been acaccommodating them.

for those who choose another course. claimed by many to be the most sucMany of this number were not able

When the Savior closed his ministry cessful world's fair ever to be held. to see all of the exhibits because of the

on this earth, he left a message in Seventyseven countries and 42 docrowds or to hear the dialogue and closing that it would be unto the ends mestic organizations sponsored pavilions testimonies of the missionaries. But out

of the earth: "Go ye into all the world, at the fair. There were only two of those who were able to follow the

missionaries and receive the full presenthan 700,000 thronged the fairgrounds. "I was thrilled that you called these

tation, 780,000 signed the guest register They fascinated me more than the missionaries together at the beginning referral books, and many of them asked spectacular electronic, space, and moand closing of each shift to share in to know more about the doctrines and tionpicture extravaganzas that awaited the spirit of devotion. Their prayers

teachings of The Church of Jesus Christ them. These patient people would and testimonies touched me deeply."

of Latterday Saints. queue up for two to three hours at each I would like to read a few of the

The main objectives of our exhibit of the major pavilions. I was impressed many thousands of comments that were

were to make friends with these people, by their orderliness and quiet deterwritten by visitors to the Mormon teach them about a living God and mination to see what obviously they Pavilion:

a living Jesus Christ, and to explain had saved their yen to see. One employee at the fair said, "This

with visual aids the Lord's plan and "Our pavilion stood as a landmark pavilion is our oasis at Expo '70. The

purpose of life. of spirituality in a sea of materialism. theme of Expo is 'Progress and HarOur most impressive exhibit was the It is true that many pavilions showed mony for Mankind'and that is 'man's

spirit of the dedicated, loving, inspired the historical and present concern of search for happiness.'I pay my remissionaries. The missionaries radiated nations and industries for man and his spects to your pavilion for giving us

a great love for the Oriental people and strivings for a better life. But ours had the living God."

the Oriental people had great respect the unique contribution of inviting all Another: "I think this pavilion gives

for the missionaries. One Japanese men and women to 'the peace that me a good opportunity to change my

gentleman said to me, "I can hardly passeth all understanding.'With the life. Thanks for the missionaries."

believe that such fine, clean young terrific crowds surging upon you, I "The movie helped me to know people would leave their homes, pay marveled at the calmness of our misabout my life and that death is not their own way, and learn a new lansionaries, the almost stark simplicity of the end."

guage. They must truly love us."our exhibit, the opportunity to sit down "The film made birth, living and

All the missionaries serving in the and see a film without distraction, death part of 'man's search for hapfour missions in Japan will have many which told in understandable language piness.'

additional opportunities to reach and and appealing picture that the quest "I am not a Christian, but now I teach the people as a result of the fair. for happiness must be a spiritual quest want to know about Christianity."

Convert baptisms have doubled in if ever man is to find it. "The Mormon Pavilion is my best

Japan in the past few months and are "Your kind invitation for me to meet memory of Expo. I want to know

still increasing. The Japanese memtwo groups of missionaries gave me more."

bers of the Church are very dedicated, insight regarding the real reason our "This pavilion moved me to think sincere, loving people. pavilion was different from all others. about God. I felt his spirit here."

The country of Japan covers an area These young men and women were "The moving picture made me reabout the size of the state of California obviously serving beyond the call of consider my life and my happiness."

and has a population of over 101 milduty. They radiated the fire of St. "I found love and truth in this

lion people and room for many more. Paul and the persistence of Moses. pavilion."

It is a land filled with religion. There Their friendly smiles and patient ex- "I think your religion is true."

are 106,000 Buddhist temples and over planations must have been a joy to "I want to know about Joseph Smith 100,000 Shinto shrines. Less than one the Japanese who personify these charand the Book of Mormon."

percent of the Japanese people are acteristics so beautifully. They treated "This is the second time I have

members of a Christian church. There people with courtesy and let the spirit visited the Mormon Pavilion. I want

are about 350,000 who belong to the of their callings reach out to touch the to know more about Jesus Christ and

Catholic Church, and 400,000 belong spirits of those who came to look and true happiness."

to the various Protestant churches, and inquire. When I learned that after "I do not have a religion. I have

approximately 12,000 are members of each long day they put on their work found something here to help direct my

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterclothes and cleaned the building, I life. I want to come again."

day Saints. knew that they personified the bended "My religion has not taught me

The Japanese people are seeking and knee of reverence and work—both of about a living God. I am looking for

looking for better ways and seem to which the Savior said were essential God and happiness."

be looking for a living God and for a to man's salvation. "I have thought that God existed

greater purpose in both life and death, "After talking with you, I realized far from us, but today I felt God near and many seem to be receptive and anew that our message to the world is me. Thanks for this pavilion."

interested in the doctrines and teachnot expressed in the slickness of our ex- "I am glad to learn that man is a ings of Jesus Christ. hibit. Our appeal is in the sincerity child of God. I pray for the success

I would like to read from a letter and truthfulness of the gospel of Jesus of this pavilion."

we received from Dr. Lorin F. WheelChrist. It is this power that brings "I had no interest in religion when

wright, dean of the College of Fine men of all faiths to ask, 'Not who is I came to the fair, but I was moved by

Arts and Communications at Brigham right, but what is right?'It is this the spirit of the missionaries."

Young University. He sent this letter testimony which invites the devout "I felt comfortable without any reafter his visit to Expo '70 and the MorProtestant, Catholic, Buddhist, or athesistance. I want to know more about

mon Pavilion: ist to ponder his ultimate values and your religion."

"May I share with you the feelings open his heart to the greater truth that "I have always believed that there that sweep over me as I contemplate we bear to the world. Although our was a God, and today I felt deeply his

my visit with you and as I witnessed exhibit showed pictures of Mormonism power."

the manner in which our missionaries at work in the lives of our members, We had literally thousands and used Expo '70 to bring the gospel to I am convinced that it was the heart thousands of comments comparable the Japanese people. Never have I of the message that touched people and to these.

seen such crowds of people, curious the honesty of the messengers who A young lady, Miss Reimi Yomaand eager to witness the 'Progress of opened their eyes and hearts to see and mota, who served as secretary at the

Mankind.'Each day I was there more feel. pavilion and was not a member when

Era, December 1970 121 she started later but joined the Church, Brothers sisters, I and close. must the Church, they great make saints

this statement made leavwere as we You have a of testimony who they are the when converted.

ing station: the "I received the greatest Lord's work, saints, you are I who you bear witness that is Jesus Christ

all of blessing the people to came who the have is answers the looking world the of all God mankind, the of God

I Expo. received a testimony of for, Jesus the world like would to the race, know yellow red, the the black, and

of Christ his I and gospel. that know about living a God. world the The races. would white I bear witness that

is Joseph Smith a of prophet like to and God that the scriptures know of Fielding Joseph is God Smith the prophet that is of the Book from true. are Mormon God."You these have answers. all of this mankind earth, all on to young at A worked the man who Probably the greatest message races, that kindreds, tongues, people; and Russian pavilion as came were we this to has come earth since resurthe that and the only way mankind can closing said, feel "I and that bad rection the and ascension of receive Jesus celestial is glory following by

this is building closing. I felt is have Christ the Joseph Smith testimony. the prophet of and by accepting God happiness more and religion more and This distributed was extensively at the of program Christ. Jesus I so bear

love more here than other place at any Expo. witness in the of name Jesus Christ.

I in life."have been my the As Japanese people into come Amen. q

brothers sisters: is It and My a choice of I God, sustain and all him and the choice experience together had we on and wonderful experience to be called other brethren all with heart. Father's my It Day. in happened a Sunday to be Assistant an to the of Council the grateful I for this How testimony, am service. School I didn't anything know it is Twelve, but also a very humbling and I grateful how to those am about who what was planned. the apAt experience. I feel especially humble it helped gain life, early in me and propriate who time the chorister asked my this afternoon I as stand before for you have helped it strengthen me with the family to members forward. come Then first the time as a General Authority passage of time. wife five my and daughters sang "We and contemplate the sacredness the and I like to should tribute pay to today Ever for Pray Thee, Father Our importance of this call. great I for ask ancestors my accepted the gospel, who Dear."substituted They the word interest an in faith your and prayers, joined the Church, and gave a rich me Father, in place of the prophet, word just not here today but a on continuous heritage, to and parents and brothmy in the for this song occasion sang and basis, I that might be able to serve in ers sisters, all and of it taught whom that me way. only reThen son my the the like Lord way would to the me gospel by example. mother cited was the My "I poem Follow a Noble serve. of ope the sweetest ever women Father."who heart was touched My and I grateful for this am call I because lived, father and truly my a was noble so were the hearts of all others who love the Lord, I and have found great It man. has said been that an honest there. I were grateful for am wonmy joy satisfaction and in being in his is the noblest man of work God. That's derful family.

service, in helping to build the kingdom the of kind father man was. my I Those like should to all say to thanks you of here God the earth, upon in tryof and you who knew him and dealings had wonderful in people Alberta, Canada, ing to serve fellowmen. my him'with I that know speak the truth. in taught early who youth, in me my I that lives; know that God I Jesus married life. rather late in The School, Sunday Primary, and MIA; is Christ his Son, the of Redeemer the Lord the extra went mile with to and me colleagues students my and at Utahworld; that Joseph Smith a'indeed was gave a wonderful person to me be State University; my to people throughouttrue of prophet God, through the wife whom blessed and our six with home state the of I with Utah have whomgospel of Jesus Christ restored in was lovely I children. love dearly, them worked the over years; to and Presidentthese last the days and through all are they and whom supporting wholeme Glen Taggart, president of State Utahthe of Church Jesus Christ rewas heartedly, without reservations, in this University, has been who very helpestablished. I that know President assignment. new ful and understanding during the FieldingJoseph is true a Smith prophet Let take a me to share moment transition a period between assignmy

ment at Utah State University and my of this in various ways during this astronauts. Let me make a further apassignment with the Church. conference. When man unaided tries plication. You will remember tha the

Four others to whom I am deeply to solve these problems, he frequently astronauts on one of the missions had indebted are President Hugh B. Brown, finds that new problems arise, and an outward trip and a return trip. On

who was my stake president in the there is confusion, more confusion, conthe outward trip their goal was the

Lethbridge Stake when I was a boy; tradictions, strife, and contention. Fimoon. On the return trip their goal

Asael E. Palmer, a counselor to Presinally, man may resort to war to try to was the earth, their home base. They

dent Brown at that time, who later solve his difficulties. But war does not reached their goals both going and

became president of the Lethbridge solve difficulties. This was brought coming because they themselves, the

Stake, where he served for many years; forcibly to my mind recently when I engines and the instruments under

my uncle, Archibald F. Bennett, one of was in Europe participating in a semitheir control, and those at mission

the great teachers of the Church, who nar for mission presidents and their control at home base were able to operlived about as close to his Father in wives. The seminar was held in Brusate in accordance with law.

heaven as any man I know; and my sels, Belgium, just a few miles from Do you remember what happened

Scoutmaster, Vernon Bigelow. These Waterloo, where the forces of the Duke on the Apollo 13 mission that Brother

men had the ability to reach me when of Wellington engaged the forces of Lee referred to? As they made their re-

I lacked confidence in myself as a boy. Napoleon in a great battle, back in turn trip they were almost home when

They helped me set worthwhile goals about 1815. And it was just a few they found out that they were off course

and objectives and to gain a vision of miles from Flanders Field and not very a bit. They had to make a correction.

the importance of the gospel in my life far from Dunkirk, where other battles To do so, they had to fire their engine.

and in the scheme of things. I just and fighting took place at different If that engine hadn't fired, the corwant to say I will be eternally grateful times in the history of the world. rection could not have been made; they

to these men for what they did for me And now war is with us again, and would have missed the earth by eighty and are still doing. many people are deeply troubled and miles, and we wouldn't have been able

Let me take a moment to share a confused. But I should like to say that to bring them back. But the engine

choice experience that I had with Presithe great battles of the world are did fire, the correction was made, and dent Brown. I have always been innot fought on the battlefields. They are they returned to earth safe and sound.

terested in athletics. One day when fought in the hearts and in the minds Is there not an important lesson there

I was about 15 years of age, I was takof men and women everywhere, as they ing part in the high jump in a tristake wrestle with their problems, try to meet

MIA track meet. We had reached the the difficulties and issues that confront "In the days of my

height where most of the jumpers were them, exercise their free agency, and choices. of there ofeliminated; were just us make two The forces evil and fit

the forces off of righteousnessstill in there. are tryyouth the Lord saw bar the I knocked both

twice and had one jump remaining. ing to influence the decisions, and

President Brown, who was watching there is conflict in the hearts and minds to bless me with an the event, came over, put his arm on of men everywhere. If the forces of

my shoulder, and said, "Young man, righteousness triumph universally, thereyou can clear that bar; I know you can. will be love, harmony, and peace on inferiority complex"

I have been watching you. You are earth. If the forces of evil dominate,

not over the bar when you are at the there will be outward expressions that highest point. If you adjust your takelead to war and destruction. for us? Is it not true that we, too, had

off just a bit, you will clear that bar, The gospel of Jesus Christ can rean outward trip when we left our young man. I know you will!"solve those inner conflicts and bring Father in heaven in the spirit world

Something happened to me inside. inner peace and outer peace as well. and came to earth? Are we not now

It seemed as though new strength had The gospel of Jesus Christ is the most walking around on our earth, which come into my body from President valuable, the most needed message in might be likened to the astronaut's

Brown. I went up to that bar with the world today. It is the answer to the moon? And is it not true that whether

complete assurance that I could clear problems that grow out of man's or not we will be able sometime in it and I did. I shall never forget that selfishness and greed, where such a the future to return to our Father in

experience. high percentage of the problems arise. heaven, our home base, will be deIn the days of my youth the Lord The gospel teaches us to build rather pendent on our willingness and our

saw fit to bless me with an inferiority than to destroy, to help people to give ability to observe the laws and keep the complex. I say "blessed"because in of themselves in unselfish service to commandments that pertain thereto?

wrestling with this problem I learned others rather than being on the receivAnd is it not true that the Lord has the meaning of humility. I learned ing end of things most of the time. provided us with a way through rewhat it meant to get close to my Father Over the years men and women have pentance for making a correction to

in heaven through prayer on an almost learned to appreciate the importance put us back on course when we have continuous basis. I learned that in of free agency. But all too frequently strayed because of sin?

problems we find our challenges. In they overlook the fact that along with The gospel of Jesus Christ is the anthose challenges lie opportunities. If free agency there must be responsibility swer to all problems. However, men

we can just identify those opportunities and accountability. One has his free and women everywhere must be doers

and capitalize on them, growth, progagency to determine what he will do of the word, and not hearers only, if ress, and success will result. I learned and what he will not do, but he does they would have peace within themthat strength comes from facing up to not have his free agency to determine selves and peace in the world and

problems squarely and realistically, not the consequences, because laws operate. would find joy and happiness in this

from disregarding them or avoiding The gospel teaches the importance of life and in the life to come. This is our

them. obedience to law. President Lee regreat and important test. May we be

The world today is beset by many ferred to that so beautifully this equal to it, I humbly pray, in the name problems, and mention has been made morning when he talked about the of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Era, December 1970 123 I know now, my brethren and sisters, lamps on Main Street. There were 36 boy who was taken by the Indians,

what it is to dig the last fencepost of them. I have often heard him tell who left seven ponies to pay for him.

hole. Being one of the last speakers that they chose him because he was I am glad, of course, that they didn't

at this conference has prompted my tall and he could reach and turn them keep him.

mind in the reflection of some other off in the morning and on at night. I rejoice with you, my brothers and

last things, and I thought of my There is another story that I resisters, in the faithpromoting inspiragrandparents who were convert immimembered of him, as Victor Brown was tion of what we have heard and felt grants from England. They were on speaking about the deacons. My father at this great conference, which will

one of the last wagon trains to Utah had a great influence with young soon come to a close.

before the coming of the railroad. people. There in the area where he Such gatherings in ancient times are

That officially makes them pioneers. lived, one of the deacons had been scriptural ly referred to as feasts, and

My father, with long, curly, black seriously reprimanded by the bishop or I suppose that description is appropriate hair, was a member of this pioneer someone who was teaching the class of today, for surely we have had a feast family. While they were on the trail deacons, and he became belligerent and of the gospel. As always, when the

camped for the night, wellmeaning vowed that he would never go back to saints of God meet in conference,

Indians came into the camp in search church again. This young man was there is an outpouring of the Spirit,

of food. The chief of the Indian band so influential that he influenced 11 causing a renewal of faith and a reaslater that night stole back with seven other deacons to stay away from surance of our convictions, that we

Indian ponies and tied them to the church, and these 12 boys bound might continue steadfast through gratiwagon wheel and took my father. This themselves together and called themtude and sacrifice in meeting the

held up the wagon train for several selves the twelve apostles. They built challenge of a rightousness in the prodays until the scouts could find the a hut that was partially submerged gressive journey of life.

Indian camp. They waited for the under the ground, and this is where Perhaps if a central motif or master

braves to go on a hunting expedition. they held their private meetings. Their theme could be deducted from this

Then they rescued my father from a sole purpose was to bother any boy conference, it would emphasize the wickiup and left in payment, in Inwho would try to go to priesthood need of testimony, of a contriteness of dian fashion, the same seven ponies, meeting, and many of them were spirit, a greater meekness in serving the'but they placed on the back of each beaten up on their way and intimidated Lord and in working out our salvation.

pony a pioneer blanket. This is a true to try to prevent them from going to I think it was Pogo who said, "We have

Indian trading principle, and I believe church. met the enemy and he is us."

it is a good principle, because it is My father was given the assignment In a revelation especially applicable always better to give more than we to try to get these boys back into acto the Saints in Zion, who at that parreceive. tivity in the Church, and he did this ticular time were assembled in Jackson

Two of my aunts, Valentina and by going to their hut and visiting with County, Missouri, the Lord gave this

Annie Etta, died on that entourage; them for long periods of time, until commandment, among others that were

Valentina was buried on the plains. one by one he got them to come back. stressed at the time, and which I think

This blackhaired boy grew to manThis is a success story, for every one of finds application among us today as it hood and became a part of the Old those boys except one went into the did then:

West. For a number of years as a mission field. I have often thought of "Thou shalt thank the Lord thy

young man he used to light the gas this experience accomplished by the God in all things.

"Thou shalt offer a sacrifice unto the "Therefore, it must needs be sanctiIt is the good and honest of heart

Lord thy God in righteousness, even fied from all unrighteousness, that it among the people of the world who that of a broken heart and a contrite may be prepared for the celestial glory; most readily respond to the message of

spirit."(D&C 59:7-8.) "For after it hath filled the measure the Restoration as declared by the misThis divine commandment is related, of its creation, it shall be crowned sionaries who bring it to them. And

I believe, to other utterances of the with glory, even with the presence of these who are truly spiritually conLord and is characteristic of his person. God the Father; verted become and are the more faithIn one of his neverto-beforgotten "That bodies who are of the celesful of the Latterday Saints. For the

sermons unto the multitudes that foltial kingdom may possess it forever and Lord himself declared that only those lowed him, he uttered the sayings ever; for, for this intent was it made who "doeth good"are ready to receive

which have become known as the and created, and for this intent are a fullness of the gospel. (D&C 35:12.)

Beatitudes. Herein is described the they sanctified."(D&C 88:1820.) Perhaps the impact of meekness and

moral character required in those who I believe there is perhaps a distinchonesty of heart can be more fully are to constitute his kingdom. These tion between humility and meekness. appreciated by the characteristics that

are familiar to all of us. May I repeat It may be said that meekness is a conare opposite. These are appropriately

them. dition of voluntary humility. The spoken of by Paul the apostle in rela-

"Blessed are the poor in spirit: for prophet Alma seemed to recognize a tion to the very day and age in which

theirs is the kingdom of heaven. distinction, as we may gather from we live, wherein he has said:

"Blessed are they that mourn: for these words:

they shall be comforted.'"And now, as I said unto you, that

"Blessed are the meek: for they shall because ye were compelled to be huminherit the earth. ble ye were blessed, do ye not suppose believe

"Blessed are they which do hunger that they are more blessed who truly after righteousness: for they humbleand thirst themselves because of the there is a distinction

shall word? be filled.

"Blessed are the merciful: for they "Yea, he that truly humbleth himshall obtain mercy. self, and repenteth of his sins, and between humility

"Blessed are the pure in heart: for endureth to the end, the same shall

be shall seethey more blessed God. much blessed—yea,

are than "Blessed compelled the peacemakers: for to be and weakness"they who are

they shall be called the children of humble because of their exceeding

God. poverty.

"Blessed are they which are perse- "Therefore, blessed are they who "This know also, that in the last cuted for righteousness'sake: for theirs humble themselves without being comdays perilous times shall come.

is the kingdom of heaven."(Matt. 5:3- pelled to be humble; or rather, in other "For men shall be lovers of their

10.) words, blessed is he that believeth in own selves, covetous, boasters, proud,

To seemingly emphasize the importhe word of God, and is baptized withblasphemers, disobedient to parents, tance of these characteristics, and that out stubbornness of heart, yea, without unthankful, unholy, they were displayed in the Master himbeing brought to know the word, or "Without natural affection, truceself, we have his utterances upon aneven compelled to know, before they breakers, false accusers, incontinent, other occasion. will believe."(Al. 32:1416.) fierce, despisers of those that are good,

"At that time Jesus answered and The beatitude said, "Blessed are the "Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of pure in heart: for they shall see God."of pleasures more than lovers of God;

heaven and earth, because thou hast While speaking unto the weary and "Having a form of godliness, but hid these things from the wise and oppressed of the Saints, who had pardenying the power thereof: from such

prudent, and hast revealed them unto ticipated in laying the foundation in turn away.

babes. Zion, the Lord proclaimed that only "For of this sort are they which creep

"Even so, Father: for so it seemeth those with the obedience and willinginto houses, and lead captive silly

good in thy sight. ness of the pure in heart and mind women laden with sins, led away with

"All things are delivered unto me of were of the house of Ephraim. Here is divers lusts,

my Father: and no man knoweth the his important counsel given to the "Ever learning, and never able to

Son, but the Father; neither knoweth Prophet Joseph Smith, which is applicome to the knowledge of the truth."

any man the Father, save the Son, and cable today as preparations go forward (2 Tim. 3:1-7.)

he to whomsoever the Son will reveal in the destiny of God's people. I bear testimony of the fact that we

him. "Wherefore, be not weary in wellhave the truth. The course of the true

"Come unto me, all ye that labour doing, for ye are laying the foundation Latterday Saint is to nurture and live and are heavy Laden, and I will give of a great work. And out of small by that truth which we accept, casting

you rest. things proceedeth that which is great. aside the extraneous things that can

"Take my yoke upon you, and learn "Behold, the Lord requireth the heart only mar and distort the simple effecof me; for I am meek and lowly in and a willing mind; and the willing tiveness of the gospel. For truly the

heart: and ye shall find rest unto your and obedient shall eat the good of the everlasting gospel is the glad tidings

souls. land of Zion in these last days. of great joy.

"For my yoke is easy, and my burden "And the rebellious shall be cut off In closing, I quote these words from is light."(Matthew 11:2530.) out of the land of Zion, and shall be the apostle Peter, which I think make a

Concerning the inheriting of the sent away, and shall not inherit the good code for our protection:

earth by the meek, this no doubt has land. "Honour all men. Love the brotherreference to its condition after it has "For, verily I say that the rebellious hood. Fear God. Honour the king

received its regenerated glory unto that are not of the blood of Ephraim, where- [Christ]."(1 Pet. 2:17.)

of a celestial glory. Of this the Lord fore they shall be plucked out."(D&C I bear my testimony to you, in the

has plainly spoken in this dispensation. 64:3336.) name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Era, December 1970 125 Before we announce President Smith ship that the Lord has set up to pretrying to prepare themselves spirituas the next and concluding speaker of side in this church. ally for this conference. I believe we

the conference, it seems appropriate to Now the only safety we have as witnessed the outpouring of the Spirsay one or two things. members of this church is to do exactly it, which is an evidence of the

When the Church was first orgawhat the Lord said to the Church in Lord's answer to the prayers that were nized, in fact, the day on which it was that day when the Church was orgaoffered at that time. President Smith

organized, the Lord was speaking to the nized. We must learn to give heed to addressed the General Authorities. He

Church. He didn't mean just the sixthe words and commandments that the participated in the Relief Society conmembers that were then the constiLord shall give through his prophet, ference and spoke to the sisters. He

tuted number of the Church: he was "as he receiveth them, walking in all spoke at the Sunday School conference.

speaking about the President of the holiness before me;... as if from mine He addressed this conference in the first

Church, who was the Prophet Joseph own mouth, in all patience and faith."session. He addressed the priesthood

Smith at that time. And this is what (D&C 21:4-5.) There will be some session, and he will address this session.

he said: things that take patience and faith. As I thought of the role of President

"Wherefore, meaning the church, You may not like what comes from Tanner and myself as his counselors, thou shalt give heed unto all his words the authority of the Church. It may I thought of a circumstance in the life

[the President's words] and commandcontradict your political views. It of Moses, when the enemies of the

ments which he shall give unto you as may contradict your social views. It may church in that day were just as they

he receiveth them, walking in all holiinterfere with some of your social life. are in this day. They were threatening

ness before me; But if you listen to these things, as if to overcome and tear down and to stop

"For his word ye shall receive, as if from the mouth of the Lord himself, from mine own mouth, in all patience with patience and faith, the promise is and faith. that "the gates of hell shall not prevail

"For by doing these things the gates against you; yea, and the Lord God

of hell shall not prevail against you; will disperse the powers of darkness

yea, and the Lord God will disperse the from before you, and cause the heavens powers of darkness from before you, to shake for your good, and his name's and cause the heavens to shake for your glory."(D&C 21:6.)

good, and his name's glory."(D&C Now we have a President of the

21:4-6.) Church who has grown to great years.

We have some tight places to go Since he was installed as President six before the Lord is through with this months ago, he has been down in church and the world in this dispenMexico with Sister Smith. He has

sation, which is the last dispensation, been to the Arizona Temple, where he which shall usher in the coming of the gave the sealing keys to a new temple

Lord. The gospel was restored to prepresidency. He has been in the Hapare a people ready to receive him. The waiian Islands, where he participated

power of Satan will increase; we see in an anniversary of the Church Colit in evidence on every hand. There lege of Hawaii, and some of the early

will be inroads within the Church. events in the history of that place.

There will be, as President Tanner has In connection with this conference, said, "Hypocrites, those professing, but there has been an intense assignment secretly are full of dead men's bones."to the President of the Church.

We will see those who profess member- A week ago Thursday, all the Genship but secretly are plotting and trying eral Authorities met in an upper room to lead people not to follow the leaderof the temple fasting and praying,

the work of the church. As Moses sat weary. They may tend to droop at covered or learned anything that God

upon a hill and raised the rod of his times because of his heavy responsididn't already know. His revelations

authority, or the keys of his priesthood, bilities; but as we uphold his hands, are more powerful, more meaningful,

Israel prevailed over their enemies; but and as we lead under his direction, by and have more substance than all the

as the day wore on, his hands became his side, the gates of hell will not secular learning in the world.

heavy and began to droop at his side. prevail against you and against Israel. Let's keep our eye on the President

And so they held up his hands so they Your safety and ours depends upon of the Church and uphold his hands would not be weakened and the rod whether or not we follow the ones as President Tanner and I will conwould not be lowered. He would be whom the Lord has placed to preside tinue to do.

sustained so that the enemies of the over his church. He knows whom he President Smith, we honor and suschurch would not prevail over the wants to preside over this church, and tain you in that high place because the

saints of the Most High God. (See he will make no mistake. The Lord Lord has put you there. It will now be

Exod. 17:8-12.) doesn't do things by accident. He has our delight, our beloved President, to

I think that is the role that Presinever done anything accidentally. And give you an opportunity to leave us

dent Tanner and I have to fulfill. The I think the scientists and all the philosyour blessing as we conclude this great

hands of President Smith may grow ophers in the world have never disconference. Q

My dear brethren and sisters: As we by the power of our Eternal Father. at this conference, and which has been

conclude another great conference of The beauties and bounties of nature carried into the hearts of honest men the Church, I desire to leave my blessare ours, and we have these truths by everywhere by the power of thy Holy ings upon you. obedience to which we can live lives Spirit.

The priesthood is the power to bless that will be pleasing in his sight, that We thank thee that we have been mankind, and all ot those who hold will give us peace and joy in this life, fed the bread of life, that we have been the priesthood are expected to use it and assure us of an eternal and abunstrengthened spiritually and are now within the sphere of their assignment dant life with him in his everlasting renewed and refreshed and ready to to bless their fellowmen. When any kingdom. go forth on thy errand, doing to the

of us use this authority in righteous- I feel to say, O our Eternal Father, best of our abilities those things which ness, and as directed by the Holy Spirit, pour out thy Spirit more abundantly thou wouldst have us do.

our acts are binding and will be recogupon these thy saints, upon this remOur Father in heaven, we are gratenized by the Lord both in time and in nant of scattered Israel which has ful for all thou hast given us; we

eternity. gathered to thy gospel in these last days. acknowledge thy hand in all things,

And so I feel to bless the saints, Thou knowest that as a people we and we pray for the success and triall those who love the Lord and who desire to serve thee, to keep the comumph of thy purposes in all the earth.

signify their devotion to his cause mandments, and to carry thy message We know that thou hast spoken in by keeping his commandments. I wish of truth and righteousness to thy people this day as thou didst in days of old,

to bless them temporally and spiritualeverywhere. For this reason we send and we are pleased to be instruments

ly and pray God our Father to pour out our missionaries to every part of the in thy hands of carrying thy message his bounties upon them so they may world. I have had my sons in the to the world, and of standing as lights

be prospered in all their righteous enmission field constantly for many years. to the world so that they, seeing our

deavors. One is in the mission field at this presgood works, may be led to glorify thee.

I speak for myself and for all of you ent time in a foreign country, where And unto thy holy name we ascribe and pour out my soul in thanksgiving he has been for several years. the honor and glory in all things both

to the Lord for all he has so bounteWe thank thee, our Father, forthe now and forever.

ously bestowed upon us. great outpouring of truth and light that In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

We have been set up as a free people has come from the lips of thy servants Amen. O

Era, December 1970 127 ARE YOU "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presentedOVER 65? over KSL and the Colum-

A Special Service For biaDecemberBroadcasting21, 1 969. 1969.System

Our Older Friends Christmas—and memories

Granite National Bank now provides to your childrenchecking account convenience without cost to our friends 65 years of age

limit size. no to Bank

we'llandessary—mail, over.and No minimum balance necBy Richard L. Evans the pay postage both by At this season there is so much intermingled:

ways. Tell your friends and relatives /-\ children—innocence, expectancy; loved ones—about it.

/ \ homecoming, happiness, gay and mellow

CHECKING moods; sometimes loneliness—serious concerns;

of in emerging measure, and some some else selves; besides—all and ACCOUNTS generosityour better so much

WITHOUT CHARGE intermixed with a measure of forgiving and forgetting, and with memories from all past years that merge and mingle with the present moment. Oh,

parents, we would plead, give good and happy memtm ories to your children—not pampering or overinNATIONAL BANK dulging, not satisfying everything they take a fancy

Now two convenient locations to—but memories of love, encouragement, of peace

2265 HIGHLAND DRIVE and harmony and happiness at home—memories

575 S. State St. that will bless and lift their lives wherever they are,

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84106 always and forever. Well, swiftly now it comes and

PHONE 4862101 goes, and so does life. Oh, let us live it with repentance and improvement, with honesty and honor,

and with a balance of mind and heart and spiritREMEMBER along with all the tangibles that are so much in evidence. And one could not, of course, conceive of

Christmas without him whose coming it commemorates: the Prince of Peace, the Son of God, our

Savior and Redeemer, concerning whom we witness lives, of certainty our within the that from he deep Quality and Service Since 1911Co, liveth.""I that souls. Oh, may know my RedeemerMusic

327 Broadway we not forget at any time what God has given, or

Idaho Falls, Idaho overemphasize the troubles of our time, but go with

FOR EVERYTHING MUSICAL patience, gratitude, and faith into the future, remembering from Longfellow these hopeful, moving lines:

CHORAL sassa-ssaasab-satbttbb I heard the bells on Christmas day

VOCAL SOLOS secular and sacred Their old familiar carols play;

PIANO SOLOS And wild and sweet the words repeat

Of peace on earth, good will to men. PIANO METHODS

And in despair I bowed my head: PIANO COLLECTIONS

"There is no peace on earth,"I said,

SACRED PIANO COLLECTIONS "For hate is strong and mocks the song

ORGAN METHODS Of peace on earth, good will to men."

ORGAN COLLECTIONS Then pealed the bells more loud and deep:

POPULAR VOCAL FOLIOS "God is not dead, nor doth he sleep;

POPULAR SHEET MUSIC The wrong shall fail the right prevail,

With peace on earth, good will to men."1

Write for new lists

Orders filled immediately 'Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, "I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day."

P. 0. BOX 2009 - ZIP 83401

articles; that the next closest was

Franklin S. Harris, Jr., with 369,

Hugh Nibley, who first came to the They Who Served while John A. Widtsoe had 349.

By Albert L. Zobell, Jr. Era pages in 1926 while preparResearch Editor ing for his mission call, has been

It hardly seems possible that this Era. Many persons'lives have been our most voluminous writer, with

is the last of 878 inspirationfilled changed with a single issue. more than 130 major articles.

issues of the Improvement Era, The Improvement Era has been The Improvement Era—it's like

whose approximately 73,000 pages most fortunate in its writers—Genasking me to make the funeral

have reflected the Church during eral Authorities who have shared oration for a lifelong friend. For

more than half of its restored lifetheir prophetic callings as well as more years than I would willingly time during the administrations of members of the Church who have admit, the Era has been close to me, seven of the ten Presidents of the gained a place of insight and of and I have often retired with its

Church. leadership in their chosen fields problems. Illnesses and vacations

But that final issue is here, and it among mankind. 'have been planned so as not to

is a day for momentarily looking The Improvement Era has had a conflict with Era requirements. It's

back. great and devoted readership. One been a most rewarding association!

The Improvement Era was a misreader, Louis O. Turley, of Mesa, Listed below are the great names

sionary. It followed and preceded Arizona, submitted an analysis and leaders who have guided lovmissionaries in many areas. Many covering the Era from November ingly this magnificent contribution

persons have joined the Church as 1897 to August 1970. He found that for good among the Latterday

a result of gift subscriptions to the Richard L. Evans had signed 1,492 Saints. O

Era Editors Era Business Department

Editor (1) Managing Year Editors Year General Manager Business Manager Assistant or (1)

Editor Associate (2) Associate (2) Editor Assistant (3) Managing Business Manager

Editor Associate (4) Managing

F. 189798 Joseph Smith None J. 1897 Heber Grant Hull Thomas (1)

B. Roberts H.

J, 190506 Heber Grant Smith Joseph 189899 None J. 1908 J. Heber Grant Alpha Higgs (1) B. H. RobertsF.

Edward H. Anderson 1909 Heber J. Grant

F. Joseph 18991918 Smith None 1910 Heber J. Grant Moroni (1) Snow

H. Edward Anderson 1918 H. Edward Anderson Moroni Snow (1)

191827 Heber J. Grant None

J. 1922 Melvin Ballard Moroni (1) Snow H. Edward Anderson

192729 Heber J. Grant None 1927 Melvin J. Ballard

Hugh J. Cannon 1929 Melvin J. Ballard Clarissa A. Beesley (2)

192930 Heber J. Grant Hugh

Elsie T. J. BrandleyCannon (1)(2) 1930 Melvin J. Ballard 0.ClarissaB. PetersonA. Beesley(1) (2)

J. 193035 Merrill R. Harrison Heber Grant J. (1) George K. Morris Q. 1935 Orton Clarissa A. Beesley (2)

T. Elsie Brandley (2)

J. K. George Morris 1938 Q. Orton Lucy G. Cannon (2)

J. R. Merrill Harrison Grant Heber 193536 (1) George Morris Q. John G. D. Giles Lucy Cannon (2) A. Widtsoe John C. Marba Josephson (2) 1944

193643 Heber A. John J. WidtsoeGrant MarbaRichardC. L.JosephsonEvans (1) (2) 19481955 ElbertElbert R.R. CurtisCurtis VerlJohnF.D.ScottGiles BerthaBertha S.S. ReederReeder (2)(2)

194345 Heber Richard T. F. Joseph Verl Bentley Scott 1958 (1) Bertha S. Reeder (2)

A. John J. WidtsoeGrant Marba L.JosephsonEvans

T. F. Joseph Verl Bentley Scott (2) 1961 S. Florence Jacobsen (2) William C.Mulder (2)

(beginning in June 1945) 1962 G. Carlos Smith, Jr. Verl F. Scott Florence S. Jacobsen (2)

194546 Albert George Smith Richard

A. John C. Widtsoe Marba L.JosephsonEvans (1) (2) 1966 G. Carlos Smith, Jr. VerlA. GlenF. ScottSnarr (acting) Florence S. Jacobsen (2)

William Mulder (ending in March)(2) 1969 W. Jay Eldredge, Jr. Verl F. Scott Florence S. Jacobsen (2)

194749 George Albert Smith Richard L. Evans (1)

John A. Widtsoe Doyle L. Green (3)

Marba C. Josephson (2)

195051 George Albert Smith Doyle L. Green (1)

John A. Widtsoe Marba C. Josephson (4)

195152 David 0. McKay Doyle L. Green (1)

A. Widtsoe John Marba C. Josephson (4)

Richard L. Evans

195265 David O. McKay Doyle L. Green (1)

Richard L. Evans Marba C, Josephson (4)

196568 David O. McKay Doyle L. Green (1)

Richard L. Evans

1969 David O. McKay Doyle L. Green (I)

Richard L. Evans Jay M. Todd (3)

1970 Joseph Fielding Smith Doyle L. Green (1)

Richard L. Evans Jay M. Todd (3)

Era, December 1970 129 Church School Appointments The First Presidency has appointed administrator of seminaries and institutes, six Latterday Saint educators to the Church will continue in that same position.

Educational System. They will serve under Dr. Dan J. Workman, director of the

Neal A. Maxwell, Church Commissioner institute adjacent to the Utah State

of Education. Photos left to right. University campus, has been called

Dee F. Andersen, formerly controller of the to be an assistant administrator

University of Utah, has been called to be of seminaries and institutes.

associate commissioner for finance and Dr. Kenneth H. Beesley, executive dean

business. Dr. Joe J. Christensen, of Fresno State College in California,

recently released as president of the Mexico has been called to be associate

Mission and former director of the institute commissioner for Church Schools.

of religion adjacent to the University Dr. Keith R. Oakes, assistant

of Utah, has been called to be associate administrator of Church Schools, has been commissioner for seminaries and called to be administrator for elementary institutes. Dr. Frank D. Day, assistant and secondary schools.

Danish Saints Fly to Conference

October general conference was also memorable of the Latterday Saint Danish Choir.

for 284 Danish members of the Church who flew nonstop Under the direction to Salt Lake City from Copenhagen. Many of the of Brother Jorgen Ljunstrom, the choir has sung

group had been saving and dreaming for such widely throughout Northern Europe. The choir

a trip for years—and there was many a tearful reunion has "helped tremendously the missionary effort in Northern

with former acquaintances, friends, and relatives. Europe,"said Finn Nielsen, public relations specialist

Among the Danish Saints were 57 members for the Church in Denmark and Scandinavia.

Japanese Visitors Attend Temple Sessions

Over the Pole they came, 184 Japanese When they entered the airport waiting room, to be

Latterday Saints, the first of two planeloads, to participate greeted with warm handclasps and strong embraces in Japanese language sessions at the Salt Lake Temple of missionaries who had served in their country, and to attend general conference. the excitement needed no words to express the flashes of

Down the ladder from the huge jet they spilled, recognition and the joys of reunion.

just hours from Tokyo, in a torrent of smiles, Most of the visitors were young married flight bags, and baggage, proceeding through customs with couples, many of whom received the orderliness and courtesy born of generations their own temple endowments while in of refinement. Salt Lake City.

Era, December 1970 131 r From Germany From Denmark AUTHENTIC GRANDFATHER CLOCK CLOWNMONEY BANK

Table Model. Adds charm and The people of Sjaelland, the isle

color to any room. Handon which Copenhagen is situated,

decorated, 8V2 are experts in inches high, in woodworking to a degree such ivory, red, blue handiTheChurch these that or black. Mailed

direct to you crafts are much from Germany. sought after MovesOn

throughout the world. Made of

teak/beech, 6 inches high.

$3.98

Spanish gifts From Holland TOLEDO WARE LETTER OPENERS DUTCH WINDMILL TABLE LAMP

Exact reproductions of Spanish Ma 1 led direct from Holland-. of the 18th Century. swords

Soft Nat ural wood finish. Nickelplated f light September 1970 shines from iron blades, gold ( Turn windows. I'plated brass

windmill the hilts, are templebuilding a -.-% people "We handEl 4m J and arms music (- in painted is this of and things sets the one which plays "Tulips / Toledo

.. from us apart Amsterworld. from the. Temple / Engravings.

11 inches dam."building are temple and the ordinances of Set 2 swords—high. 10"in 8V2"& very religion,"heart of President our / ('length $4.98 Fielding $10.95 Joseph said this Smith mornSingle sword—ing, as he presided at the cornerstone

11"in length. $3.98 ceremonies at the Ogden (Utah) TemZABRISKIE IMPORTS SALTP. 0. BOXLAKE2106CITY, UTAH 84110 U.S.A. ple.First PresidentPresidencyN.offeredEldon theTannerdedicatoryof the

prayer and laid the marble cornerstone.

The appointments of Man/a S.

Christensen, Carolyn Y. Hunsaker,

Georgia C. Faux, and Earleen R. Gregory

to the general board of the Young

Women's Mutual Improvement Association were announced.

The appointments of Dean L. Larsen

and J. Fielding Nelson to the general

board of the Deseret Sunday School

Union were announced.

Chesapeake Stake, the 526th now functioning, was organized by Elder

Thomas S. Monson of the Council of

the Twelve from portions of the Washington (D. C.) Stake. President June B.

Thayn and counselors John R. Smith

and Victor D. Merrell were sustained.

New stake presidencies: President

Wendell G. Eames and counselors Richard G. Scott and Frank L. Shafer, Washington (D.C.) Stake; President David O.

Dance and counselors Dale A. Harrison

and Bernard J. Barnes, Seattle (Washington) Stake.

The appointment of Eran A. Call,m

Provo, Utah, as president of the Mexico

Mission was announced by the First

Presidency.

E2 Announced today were names of altL*k ak*Cl'Ii, UleK-.TM.M''*'ffibtm* gg|

the new magazines of the Church: the

Ensign (adult), the New Era (youth), and the Friend (children).

ES "I don't think the nation would have the welfare problems it does if we had a welfare program like yours,"U. S.

Secretary of Labor James D. Hodgson

said to members of the First Presithree secreassistant dency, as he and.--=-: - z 'z. iv.id e o i - m m % m,—

taries, Lovell, R. Malcolm M. Jerome

Rosow, and Joseph Loftus, visited in

Salt Lake City today.

m The appointment of Mrs. Gwen C.

Anderson to the general board of the

Young Women's Mutual Improvement

Association was announced.

The appointments of Bruce Lake,

Reid H. Johnson, Robert G. Vincent,

Howard C. Badger, William N. Jones,

and Rulon H. Bradshaw to the general WEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES

board of the Young Men's Mutual ImMERCO-TYPE 7 Rmercograph

FIRST 100 V FIRST $19.provement Association were announced. $5.75 75 $7 100—dieEFT"engraved—plain Genuine steel or paneled Printed on finest (thermography) Raised letters

vellum wedding papers in sharp, beautiful and distinctive and a Engraving plate sent with your

New stake presidency: President clean new type faces. sincere value at this price. order. 15day delivery.m

John Sonnenberg and counselors Dallin NEW! Art rendering of all L.D.S.

H. Oakes and LaVon S. Fife, Chicago Temples for your wedding stationery

(Illinois) South Stake. Over 60 styles from which to choose

ncluding all the elegant vellums

The First Presidency urged memand finest parchments in silver gray and beautiful pastels. Also

bers to exercise their faith and prayers informals, enclosures, thank you on behalf of the people of Southern notes, at home cards, napkins,

California whose homes and lives are photo albums, L.D.S. wedding

endangered by devastating and unbooks, and many accessories.

WILL SATISFACTIONBE PROMPTLYcontrolled fires. ORDERGUARANTEED WITH COMPLETEOR REFUNDED.YOUR CONFIDENCE.MONET AND CHEERFULLY

INSERTEDINVITATIONSINTO INSIDEAND ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES id The annual Relief Society conferALLTISSUEDWEDDINGAND ence began today, with sessions on FREE Gifts with every order

Temple Square and an evening reception at the Relief Society Building. FREE CATALOG

and FREE October 1970 Etiquette Wheel or (50 >f airmail re- I Assignments of nine new Regional quested) credited on

Representatives of the Council of the your order.

Twelve are: Adney Y. Komatsu, Hawaii M E R C U R Y Name

PUBLISHING CO. Address.

139 EAST 3900 SOUTH Era, December 1970 133 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84107 City State. Zip

AllGrain StoneHand Operated Flour Mills Electric—Hand and Tokyo regions; Wendell B. MendenStone Flour Mill

hall, Melbourne, Perth, and Sydney regions; Lysle R. Cahoon, Oklahoma

and Winter Quarters regions; Derek A.

The Cuthbert, Leeds and Manchester reNew Improved gions; Thomas Y. Emmett, Salem and

Seattle regions; F. Arthur Kay, Alaska,

X-33 Vancouver, and Portland regions; H.

AllGrain Burke Peterson, Mesa and Phoenix regions; L. Aldin Porter, Boise and

The Largest Breakthrough in the Weiser regionsr.Robert D. Hales, LouisiFlour Mill Industry for many ana and Minneapolis regions.

have really Years! you The Mill

for, with High At the same time, the releases of been waiting

levertype adjustOutput, Flour eight Regional Representatives who Mill Stone Hand H-10 replacement ment, and a Canister forward straight answer have served The since an1967 were

This for for the unit along Bag.

... There conditions emergency

all existing previously with E. modnounced: A. Lewis Cecil Elggren, is you longer for a reason no

els are ready not to have a Stone Mill in for delivery and Hart, Heber J. Heiner, Jr., David E.

fully guaranteed. are home. your

Heywood, Howard J. Marsh, S. Reed

Millar, Wilford H. Payne, and C. Bryant

Whiting.

You get FINE flour the NO HEAT Sunday School workers began three

FIRST time through. damage to flour or cereal days of conference to discuss improved

turn. toEASY teaching methods and to hear Church DEPENDABLE!

to adjustEasy to any grind leaders speak.

to Flour Cereal. Simple and Easy to use.—from

The threeday Instructional Media

Fair in the Salt Palace was begun toAll-Grain Sales Company day, as one of the conference features.

P. O. Box 248 The day for the Relief Society conTelephone 801 2573692 ference was one of departmental

Tremonton, Utah 84337 sessions.

The 140th Semiannual General

the morning in Tabernacle Temple on

In all, $625 PERO ConferenceSquare. of the Church began this radio some 300

Need Help on television stations will broadcast porand

English Ancestors? tions of this important conference.

Visit there and be taught by one This was a season of renewing acof the best—Noel CurrierBriggs. quaintances and of reliving old times

$625 includes, hotels, round trip as missionaries and servicemen began airfare, sightseeing their traditional reunions toof Holland, THE NEW holding with Camelot. England

night.

TIME FOR A TEMPLE SESSION NONCAFFEINE

Charter flight departs: HOT DRINK Conference sessions continued,

May 5, August 4, 1971 Distributed by with general sessions at 10:00 a.m. and

Get your folder now Holly Foods, World Inc. 2:00 p.m.

South 7th West 2520 QhahterQaveTouhs Salt Lake City, Utah 84119 The priesthood session of the con-

P.O. Box 2387 handling.For sample send 10c in coin for mailing and ference was heard by priesthood bearLas Vegas, Nevada 89104 Dealer Inquiries Welcome ers in attendance at 650 meeting places

in the United States and Canada, in addition to those attending on Temple Now available in response to many requests—

Square. postpaid The board of trustees for the newGOSPEL STANDARDS Only $4.95

by President Heber J. Grant

Health Services Corporation of the Elder Boyd K. Packer of the Council of

Church were announced: Presiding the Twelve. Leon R. Walker was susBishop John H. Vandenberg, chairman; tained as president, with Thomas A.

Bishop Robert L. Simpson and Bishop Adams and Kenneth H. Gillman as

Victor L. Brown, vicechairmen. Board counselors.

members include Elder Marvin J, AshNew stake presidencies: President

ton, Assistant to the Twelve, managing Glen T. Baird and counselors Martin T.

director, Social Services; James E. Karren and Grant S. Sorensen, Cache FILMING THE

Faust, secretary; Dr. James O. Mason, East Stake; President Fredrick J. MORMON TRAIL

Church commissioner of Health SerSchoenfeld and counselors Lewis R. Max and Harriette Howe, seasoned veterans of

vices; Neal A. Maxwell, Church commisChild and Carl G. Fowers, Lake View overpleted175filmingtravelTHEfilmGREATproductions,MORMONrecentlyEPIC comfrom

sioner of education; Mrs. LaVern W. (Utah) Stake; President Vaughan J. THEProfessionallySACRED filmed,GROVE editedto SALTand reproducedLAKE CITY.to

Parmley, general president of the Featherstone and counselors John R. Superlength and8mm containscolor. manyEach colorfultitle is scenes50 feetof thein

Primary; and Clarence E. Wonnacott, Clarke and Ronald L. Rice, Boise accompanieshistory in theeachRestoredreel. Church. A detailed script

assistant commissioner of Health Ser- (Idaho) North Stake; President Philip The reel tours are in sequence so that they may

be shown singly or spliced together for showings vices, treasurer. E. Jones and counselors Frank W. Bushat home, classroom or fireside.

MOVIES READY - TO - SHOW At the concluding session of the (Utah) Stake.

Grove the The Sacred #7. Nauvoo #1.U man and Kenneth M. Shepherd, Nebo SPLICE IN

Beautiful Hill Cumorah # 2.general conference, Mrs. Naomi W.

Priesthood Martyrdom Restored #8. The #3.

Randell was sustained as first counselor The appointments of Franklin D. #4. The Church #9. Faces West

Organized #10. Temple Square

in the general Primary Association Day and Dan J. Workman as assistant #5. Kirtland Temple #11. Visitor's Center

#6. Missouri Exile

administrators of seminaries and C.presidency, Mrs. Lucile succeeding (50') guaranteed quality Color, instiSuper 8mm

- the titles All each $77.00. CIRCLE 11 $7.95. tutes editor announced. wereReading, appointed has been who title, or check desired of money Send number

Scottsbluff, to: Nebraska order Box 55: ', ETERNA, The of Lucy Jayneof appointments Friend magazine. the new

Trail of the *Middle Mormon Clark, Helen G. Wright, Donna Lora

LJ Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Waters, and Beatrice R. Berg to the

Council of the Twelve gave the dedicageneral board of the Primary Associatory address and prayer dedicating 37 tion were announced.

buildings on the Brigham Young UniThe appointments of Rosalie Reese versity campus. and MacCene M. Grimmett to the general board of the Young Women's MuiQj The setting aside of Monday night tual Improvement Association were

as a uniform home evening time was announced.

announced by the First Presidency.

The appointments of Keith R. Oakes Lil Oklahoma South Stake, the 530th

as administrator of elementary and now functioning, was organized from secondary Church schools and Kenneth portions of Oklahoma Stake by Elder

H. Beesley as an associate commisThomas S. Monson of the Council of

sioner of education were announced. the Twelve. H. Aldridge Gillespie was

The appointment of Cecil E. Hart as sustained as president, with Harry L.

president of the Idaho Falls Temple was Gibbons and Blythe E. Crow as counthe days hope We sincerely

will bring announced. selors. ahead Peace On Earth

New stake presidency: President WilGood Will Towards Men

Cache North Stake was organized ley E. Callister and counselors Leland the world over, and

from portions of Cache East Stake in J. Housley and Robert L. Ezell, Oklato our many friends

Logan, Utah, by Elder Howard W. homa Stake. a Joyous Holiday and

Hunter of the Council of the Twelve. Prosperous New Year.

Charles L. Hyde was sustained as presiEJ The appointment of Reed Whipple Send $1.50 for 5 lb. postdent, with James L. Shupe and Louis as president of the St. George Temple paid sample of flour,

B. Hoggan as counselors. was announced. stoneHome groundMill. with a Lee

Pleasant Grove (Utah) Stake, the Plans for remodeling the old LafayIncluded full information 529th now functioning, was organized ette School in Salt Lake City as the and lip smacking recipes.

from portions of Timpanogos Stake by new mission home were announced. E- 1270

LEE ENGINEERING CO.

Era, December 1970 135 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, Wis. 53201

The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About

t Being in theWorld bill Hot Of

By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

As selfishness, violence, and unand wrath of man have been my from being engaged in a noble controlled morals become more and common lot all the days of my life; cause. Young people of the Church

more the prime motives in the acfor what cause it seems mysterious, have been given a cause, which is tions of men, there is an increase unless I was ordained from before outlined in the epistle written by in the desire of many to flee such the foundation of the world...."the Prophet Joseph on September

an environment. Some try to find, "The Prophet believed that this 6, 1842:

or return to, an area where most of destiny, this mission in life, was "... for it is necessary in the

the people are members of the and would be true of all who would ushering in of the dispensation of

Church. They may seek admittance choose to embrace the gospel and the fulness of times, which dispenfor their children to one of the dedicate themselves to full service sation is now beginning to usher in,

Church schools, where gospel prinin building the kingdom of God. that a whole and complete and perciples are openly taught and ap- "Every man who has a calling to fect union, and welding together

plied as a matter of educational minister to the inhabitants of the of dispensations, and keys, and policy. world was ordained to that very powers, and glories should take

It is becoming more evident all purpose in the Grand Council of place "(D&C 128:18.)

the time that there is a limit to the heaven before this world was."Daniel saw that in our day the

degree to which we can put our- (Teachings of the Prophet Joseph gospel would fill the whole earth, selves physically beyond the effect Smith, p. 365. until Christ's kingdom would reof the evil influences of our world With such an understanding of place earthly kingdoms. Only as

by isolating ourselves in certain their mission in life, young people those who have accepted and live communities or schools. Church of the Church should be proud to the gospel are present everywhere

colleges have reached or are reachshoulder the burdens of building can this happen. The lives of

ing enrollment limits that cannot be the kingdom wherever they live. people are more effective than

increased. Young people may thereNo generation since the beginning formal sermons. The youth who are

fore need to reorient their thinking of history has been without its in the world will find great satisfacas they face adulthood in a perproblems in contending with evil. tion in being spiritual lights to

missive, Godless, sensual world Evil and sin soon penetrate isolated counter the darkness in which the society. pockets of population, especially in world finds itself.

Perhaps the first item in this adthis age of instant communication. The Church has the programs

justment is one of perspective. The These areas are favored for a few.through which young people can

Prophet Joseph Smith stated his years. After that, strength of charanchor themselves in a confused,

perspective in Section 127 of the acter and dedication to gospel prinfrustrated world. The Aaronic

Doctrine and Covenants, verse 2: ciples are necessary to withstand Priesthood program gives leader-

"And as for the perils which I am the downgrading effects of a bad ship training, gospel instruction, called to pass through, they seem environment. and opportunities for service that

but a small thing to me, as the envy True strength of character comes prepare young men for their tasks

'The Risk of Love'

reads President Joseph Buffs FieldingNo MormonSmith'swho definitive on comment "The Sacredness of Marriage"[Septemand ber] could do anything but bear his

Rebuffs testimony.issue, is to Then,me theonmostpagemoving58 of thestorysamein

the magazine, "The Risk of Love."It

relates in simple but appropriate words an incredibly beautiful love story. My faith

in the priesthood has been strengthened 'After Ten Years'evenTaney:more"Loveby himthe wordsand teachof thehim,bishopbut toif

The fellow I've dated for the past fouryou see that he's hardened his heart teen months is leaving in two weeks for a against the Church, then you must have mission. Your article "After Ten Years—the strength, through the Holy Ghost, to

A Tribute to Missionaries"[September] leave him and make a new life."

Crowell I find great deal. consoled a it hard Ben meheWorld

Salt Lake City especially to not imagine being with him, in together because grown we have the 'The Mormon Miracle'gospel since the converted, but he was the conservaissue used people in the Church. The Mutual Imarticlewill influencemade methe realizelives of howmanygreatlyothers byhe tiveYour projectedSeptemberestimate of 20,000

provement Associations offer the bringing them the gospel. It made me in attendance at the 1970 fourth annual

best in social, cultural, athletic, and think,if it weren'twhere forwouldmissionaries?each of usThanksbe todayfor presentationpageant at Manti,of TheUtah.MormonOver Miracle37,000

scouting programs. Through the the support the article gave us. people witnessed this presentation under

Debbie Hamilton personal achievement programs for Marshalltown, Iowa thethe starsbeautifulbeforeMantithe sublimeTemple, spectaclebuilt on ofa hill rising personal majestic a young women, and from mountain men Evil setting. will pageant 1971 be preThe goal setting practiced can be

six nights, as a William a conservative E. Berrett's "The Problem of sented with

bulwark against the evil influences Evil"[October] was most inspiring. I projected estimate of 75,000 attendance.

in the world. knowunderstandif menthatsufferphilosophersbecause Godwantcouldto PageantDorothy CoordinatorGray

Gospel instruction is available help them but won't, or because God South Sanpete Stake each Sunday in almost all parts of wouldBrother helpBerrett'sthemfacilebut answer:can't. I "Both."admire Library Program

Schools. the world in the Sunday Rustin Kaufman

of the not Church, a member View, California Although seminaries nonMountain and Homestudy of excitement your expanded I read with releasedtime and releasedtime Long Hair library program [September]. I have

local of chapel the your church in "Buffs"letter writing about a I'm daily opportunity seminaries give times an adequate wished and in visitedmany hair. long on that commented September for library established could program be for well people 120,000 over young 11:14- I 1 Corinthians in the passage read and nonmember. member

if folto feel I going that are 16, and we together, to in study the world meet as in the outlined This program new let's scripture all part, the follow one raises exciting magazine September many anlow gospel, strengthen one the and I context. of out must take nothing and for explosion. prospects a knowledge

other to face the trials of the day. have missed some definite Church teachvisualize a multimedia center that willI

evils in of hair the the ing length and teacher, student, serve the the all—the find strength students College can hair. I've in inherent long that are been I the nonmember. and would member,

individuals to as accept taught people institutes of rein guidance and that to the allow plan us on hope you to I've ceranyone. not and condemn I collection. the access to "outside"have ligion, available a large on number tainly long seen with some young men I to materials that obtain found wish

of campuses, where counseling, hair who bear their testimonies and help are not available at the public library.

instruction, and sociability are others findD'Waynethe truth Bairdin the gospel. Asstandan theexpublicreasonslibrarian,for this I lack,can underbut it

offered. South Pasadena, California does make a gap in research.

With the help of these programs Mormon Philosophy of Speech andI amcan presentlyonly complimenta high schoolthe FirstlibrarianPresiand the support of a testimony re Concerning "B. H. Roberts: A Mormon dency on its stand for a strong library

ceived through the Holy Ghost, Philosophy of Speech"[September], B. H. program. "The glory of God is intelliRoberts was not taken to Utah by his gence,"and the library is the center for

young men and women of the widowed mother at age nine. His mother ideas and the challenge of gaining intelChurch can confidently be "in the left England nearly four years earlier, ligence.

leaving him in the care of converts to the Please do not allow your libraries to world, but not of the world,"and Church. "Harry"traveled to Utah with become storehouses of materials. A wellcan carry out their divine mishis sister at age nine. His mother was stocked, neat library is an unused library!

not widowed. His father was very much I hope that your librarians and library

sion to usher in that "whole and alive, and in later years B. H. Roberts aides will be devoted both to the princicomplete and perfect union, and hoped to find him when he traveled in ples of the Church and to the philosophy

England. of the library profession.

welding together of dispensations, Mrs. Anita L. Mott Allan A. Cuseo

and keys, and powers, and gloSudbury, Massachusetts Rochester, New York ries...."O

Era, December 1970 137 Todays Family

By Mabel Jones Gabbott Manuscript Editor

salt, shortening. sugar, and the Mix your from This Christmas warmsays, "Welcome song popular A the Cool. milk. scalded When Add

..."your kitchen from and does the smelling Soto yeast; is the world add lukewarm, mixture my

flour. (This be may add 4 cupskitchen at Christmas time. It smells spiritual storehouse share with then

rise. Mix. Let or wheat.) either white

so good: fruit cakes in the oven! your friends hot bread and cinnaAdd more flour until the dough does

cookies on the cooling racks! and mon rolls, with accompanying exnotMix stickdownto yourand hands.let riseLetoncerise again.more.

good smelling yeast dough rising pressions of gratitude, confidence, Knead. Cut into four loaves. Let rise

in the pan! and love; sweet rolls with orange foruntil20doubleminutes,in bulk.then Bakeat 320at 420for an-F.

The warming custom of presenticing, wrapped generously in cheerother 10 to 20 minutes.

ing homebaked goodies is a fulness, faith, caring; and hot rolls, RollOr outmakethe onlyremainingtwo loavesdoughof forbread.two

wonderful way to say "Merry cut in dainty small twists or shaped pans of cinnamon rolls. Roll the dough

Christmas"to neighbors and friends in mansized circles, garnished with into an oblong sheet 9"x 18"and spread with 2 tablespoons of softened and a traditional way to welcome kindness, concern, and courage. butter; sprinkle with l/2 cup raw or

everyone into the kitchen. It has been done before, as these brown sugar, 2 teaspoons cinnamon,

As you share the nourishing gifts stories will tell. It can be done andlong y2side,cuprollraisins.the doughBeginningas forwitha jellythe

sealing the pinching by the edgeof your kitchen, remember to share again and again and again. roll,

a with fingers. With sharp knife, dough

also your own spiritual gifts. 1. It had been a good spiritual cut the roll into %"slices. Place cut

How often we have been told to living lesson, but the teacher was sidelittle downspace foron rising.baking Usepan, wellgreasedallowing a

gain "faith, hope, charity, and love, nervous. Her child, ailing with 9"x 13"pan or muffin cups. Cover

rise until let double in bulk. Bakewith an eye single to the glory of croup, had kept her up most of the and

F. 2530 at 350 minutes

God."We have been counseled to night. The stake Relief Society

"be not afraid,"to "be of good board member had visited. All in Wrap a warm loaf in shiny foil

cheer."We have also heard, "Seek all, the teacher felt unhappy. Lisfor your home teacher when he

not for riches but for wisdom,"and tening and sympathizing, Dorothy makes his Christmas visit, and ex- "Search the scriptures... for they had sensed the teacher's dissatispress your thanks to him for his

are they which testify of me."And faction with herself. That evening faithfulness. Take a hot loaf, toalways "let virtue garnish thy Dorothy took a loaf of warm fresh gether with the confidence of your

thoughts unceasingly; then shall bread to the teacher's home with a testimony, to the new neighbor on

thy confidence wax strong...."reassuring word of gratitude for the the block, or the nonmember you

If we have heeded these words, lesson taught. This is Dorothy's have meant to visit. And wouldn't

we have been continually increasbread recipe: the bishop's family love a pan of

ing our stores of faith, hope, and cinnamon rolls, delivered with an love, of courage and cheerfulness, expression of your love for their of wisdom and testimony, and of Dorothy's Bread devotion and your trust in their sympathy, kindness, and forgivecalling!

2. Early one December morning,ness. Spiritual stores have a mar26 tablespoonstablespoons sugarsalt

velous way of being replenished in 6 tablespoons shortening while the household slept, the double measure when they are 11 quartpackagescaldeddry yeastmilk mother and her teenage daughter given away and used. 1214 cups flour moved expertly about the kitchen

with whispered excitement. The Vi cup sugar

2 eggs chorus members would be there y3 cup shortening soon for breakfast after their final 1 cup warm milk early morning practice. And then 5 cups flour

the doorbell rang. There stood Soften the yeast in the warm water.

Mary, beaming with cheerfulness andMix themilk.salt,Stirsugar,in theeggs,yeast.shortening,Add 5

and offering a pan of warm sweet cups flour gradually. Cover. Let rise.

bowl mixing from dough and Remove well. Rollrolls. "Just to nelp out a bit,"she knead and dough y2 "thick

said. form into rolls. Bake at 425 F.

Myrtle cuts small rounds of the Prices

Mary's Sweet Rolls dough and folds them over once for are LOW dainty, ladylike rolls. Just the right in Idaho milk cupsiy3 for that Christmas luncheon sugar size tablespoons 3

salt teaspoonIV2 for you to plan have been meaning styles, of Scores or thermographed Duraoil salad cup the graved,all accessories. Y2 direct Buy the loved elderly in your women 2 eggs and West's save from leading manufactur-

2 packages dry yeast, dissolved in ward. er of mailorder wedding invitations. Rush

Y2 cup water with 2 teaspoons 4. And not the least: Welcome orders shipped same day received!

sugar added 5 cups flour your own family into this wonderful world of Christmas baking and Heat oven to 425 F. Mix all ingredients together. Beat well with a spiritual sharing. Let them know

rise. lightly. Letspoon. Knead This you love them most of all. Let your Senddesired)for FREEREXCRAFT,catalog,Rexburg,samples (25cIdahoif airmail83440will Roll a onehalf soft dough. make

share in in family the preparations,of a the at into a rectangle. time dough

Name - in strips oneinchCut Dip (about 12). in the giving. the wrapping, and

. in tiein butter Address Let rolls rise knots. and

frosty let colduntil in morning bulk. some Then double Bake in preheated

City, State, Zip F. 425 atoven to 8 minutes. 10 Mix delicious to the aroma awaken them

with 1 cup powdered sugar cup y2 muffins, the of orange hot from juiceorange rind, and drip orange and over the hot rolls right from the oven. oven. Our favorite recipe is made

Are you involved with carolers, with wholewheat flour, ground

Christmas cantatas, or school or fresh by the man in our house.

Church practices, where sweet rolls would reinforce encouragement Wheat Muffins and confidence in their performance? 11 egg,cup milkbeaten

3. Some of us grow old and some 2 tablespoons raw or brown sugar

of us grow wise. Our third story 21 tablespooncups sifted butterwholewheator oil flour

involves two who grew old and y2 teaspoon salt wise. In a little home off a busy 3 teaspoons baking powder

highway, tucked behind heavily Combine beaten egg, milk, sugar, and leafed, ancient trees, lives a most flour,oil or meltedsalt, andbutter.bakingSiftpowder,togetherandtwiceadd

wise and gracious lady. Myrtle to egg mixture. Stir only until flour

grows beautiful flowers and writes mixturemuffin tinsis absorbed.2030 minutesBake atin 375greasedF.

delightful poetry. When a friend Substitute orange juice for onethird

reached the age of 75, Myrtle honofgratedthe orangemilk andrindaddto twothe tablespoonsflour for a ored her with a luncheon, graciously delicious orange muffin. Serve with

sharing her treasures of kindness, generousgratitude forexpressionsthose whomof affectionyou love andand concern, love, and courage. Very with special empathy for their strivings

special among the items on the and their yearnings.

menu were Myrtle's hot rolls. What a special way to say "Merry

Christmas! It's a wonderful world!

Myrtle's Hot Rolls Welcome to the love we have for you and the faith we have in you!

1 package dry yeast Lean on our testimonies, and be water warm l/2 cup salt teaspoonsIV2 not afraid!"O

Era, December 1970 139 xn\sfv. on heu %/ cnKisrmAS oau

Receiving original and unusual to W. Lester Mangum. Eight chilChristmas cards is one of the joys dren were born to them. Her

of the holiday season. Especially jewels, she says, are her grandblessed are the friends and loved children and greatgrandchildren.

ones of Jennie Knight Mangum* of In 1966 her Christmas card featured

Provo, Utah, who personally denine greatgrandchildren peeking signs the covers for her cards and out of Christmas bells hanging on sends greetings in appropriate the tree. Inside, the poem said:

verses, hand penned, on the inside.

Jennie Knight Mangum is the daughter of Jesse and Amanda McBells peacefully toll

Ewan Knight. Her father and mothTo gladden and cheer,

er gave unselfishly to help build Binding loved ones together,

Provo and the Brigham Young UniMore closely and near.

versity. Jennie, following the counThis year's Christmas tree

sel and example of her parents, has Shields treasured bells nine;

also given unlimited aid and service Creatgrandchildren these to the Church and to the univerAre proudly claimed mine.

sity. Many young students have

been blessed by the generosity of Other Christmas cards have feathe Jennie Knight Mangum scholartured such scenes as a snowcovered ship. tree with colorful birds in flight,

Remembering her pioneer herithe structural beauty of a gnarled tage, Jennie sent to her friends in old tree, and a lighted candle. Her

1965 an attractive card, picturing a words in the latter card included couple in pioneer dress following a this stanza:

star to their cabin, with the dream The struggle of man, like that of a of the temple in the distance. The tree,

verse said in part: Is reflected in the gnarled branch

A pioneer couple standing free;

Weathered but strong, goals garFound their star, nered by time

Ever so far—Make for this Christmas a symbol

In the very best sublime.

High mountain lands.

They built a cabin Through the years Sister ManWith their hands. gum has known her share of strugWarmth glowed within, gle and has gained and shared her

Without 'twas clear, goals and her strengths.

A guiding star Her philosophy, "Not the good

Had led them here. that comes to us, but the good that

comes to the world through us is

Jennie Knight was born on Nothe measure of success,"is a heartvember 7, eightyfive years ago. warming guide for us this ChristShe attended Brigham Young Unimas season. O

versity and was married in the Salt Christmas cards, courtesy of Mrs. Henry D.

Lake Temple on September 6, 1905, Taylor;Dorothy biographicalO. Rea. information, courtesy of

So it has gone, since Editors Merrill and Brandley first encouraged me, 36 years ago. The

column, since 1946, has had to be written some two months before publication. It has, therefore, been

challenging to write something that would not be outdated by the time of publication. In doing so, en:sign:ship\ effort has been made to stimulate

the reader to think a matter:for future times thingsthroughout forin hishimself,own mind.to Bystudythis

means, individuals, as citizens, can react positively and fruitfully to the world of events. Too, the

column has been conscious of the collegeaged, of the large numbers of professional people that increasingly characterize membership in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Once or twice,

rather lengthy analyses have appeared in the column. An example

was the study of the Church and TheseTimes CommissionerBy Dr. G. andHomerExecutiveDurhamOfficer,

Utah System of Higher Education the Ph.D., which appeared in two

consecutive issues in the 1950s.

When the Era began publication in "TheseTimes"has been a reguvania, and the University of Utah. 1897, not a single member of the

lar monthly feature of the ImIn 1941 I was privileged to comChurch held an earned Ph.D. deprovement Era for onethird of its pile Gospel Standards, an Imgree. By 1946, when "These

73year history. Beginning in the provement Era book, which was Times"began, several hundred

summer of 1946, it pointed to comprised of selections from the had joined Joseph F. Merrill and

"Christ versus Marx"as the major discourses of President Heber J. John A. Widtsoe, the Ph.D. pioissue of the century. I am grateful Grant, a founder and the first neers of 1899. In December 1970,

for the privilege afforded me these business manager of the Era. In as the Era and "These Times"

nearly three hundred months by 1946, following the great second terminate, there are thousands of the editors. I have assumed full World War, with wide expansion of Church members with doctorates

responsibility for each monthly the Church in prospect, the grow-—presidents of stakes, bishops,

commentary, while recognizing the ing interest of its members in varieties of Church officers, as responsibilities attaching to having world and public affairs, I was well as those earned and held by the contributed material published honored with the invitation to subsix or more of the General Auin the Church magazine. mit a contribution for monthly thorities. I have especially hoped

1 My first contributions to the publication. Elder Richard L. that the Era's readership may have

Era began in 1934 under the ediEvans, with his rare skill and cultireceived the encouragement of torship of the late Harrison R. vated art for concise, meaningful faith to study things out in their

Merrill and Elsie Talmage Brandexpression, provided the name, own minds, to be anxiously enley. Occasional articles appeared "These Times,"for the column. gaged in good causes of their own

over the next 12 years, written In 195253, I was again privifree will and choice, and not refrom the British Mission and from leged to compile the book Gospel quire to be commanded in all subsequent academic posts at Ideals for the Era, selections from things (see D&C 58:2629).

UCLA, Utah State University, the writings and discourses of In retrospect, concern for the

Swarthmore College in PennsylPresident David 0. McKay. home and family life, as well as

Era, December 1970 141 for states and nations, permeates testing Jesus Christ "unto all nathe series from its beginnings in tions"is now properly the work of 1946. A welcome and prognosis ensignship.

for a truly great piece of LDS The word ensign, in the Engmusic ("New Music for the lish language, conveys interesting

World"), Leroy J. Robertson's Orameanings. It has been both noun

torio from the Book of Mormon, and verb. Both words were

also appeared. The attempt to adapted into the English language

provoke and stimulate thoughtful in the late fifteenth century. It de-

"Our LD.S. background individual citizenship has been rives from Latin, through Old

made this business supplemented with other cultural, French, into Middle English. The

social, and educational concerns Latin root appears to have been opportunity a natural"of our religion. signum (sign) with the prefix in

All this is to say, as with an attached.

relatives have years and our friends"For not earlier Church publication during The Oxford Universal Dictionary of trade, but L.D.S. methodused the

a really organizeduntil been has there now

Business and Prothe Nauvoo period, that all things on Historical Principles (3d. ed.,system. our new With

feel there Licensefessional Exchange we is have their times and seasons. 1955) indicates that ensign as

for only potential not our unlimitedan customers but also for us."These are the So, in the last of "These Times"verb appeared first in strength.

words of Mr. & Mrs. Hugh Yancey of West and of the Era, this series conThis was about the year 1474, inLos Angeles.

businessmen, L.D.S. other well knownTwo cludes with a comment on the posMiddle English. It meant "to indiRoss Rigby, F. (Stew) StewartHarold and

have recently purchased the B&PE License sible significance of the future cate."A secondary meaning was

City.for Salt Lake

goods and services can be magazine, Ensign. "to direct to an object; to instruct;Through B&PE,

dental work, orbartered traded for painting, The name Ensign is significant. to teach"(1598). About the same

carappliances,furniture, medical services, pet cleaning, trust deeds, drapery, tailoring, The Era's predecessor was known time, the word began to be used as carpentry wide and a variety of other as the Contributor. The Church the verb "to mark with a distincservices merchandise.valuable and

No money ever changes hands. B&PE does had acquired a modest base in tive sign or badge."By 1600,

everything. Members are sent monthly

statements showing the totals of their Utah Territory, USA. There was ensignment (ensign plus ment)

credits and purchases.

are being located across the need to encourage and cultivate carried the meaning of "instruc-B&PE centers country on a license basis. A B&PE license the literary talents of the people tion; a lesson; or a means of inis ideally suited for a husband and wife

team. A small investment will secure you a of the Church. Then in 1896, struction."

If License. want you a B&PEB&PE exstatehood and a new era came to The use of ensign as a verb,...phone, city writeclusive license for your

or wire Utah. With it, in 1897, came the with the above significances, has

Improvement Era. In the next largely become obsolete. The new

thirty years, the first stakes apmagazine may revive it! Meantime, Business and000Professional Exchange peared in California, an extension some of these older historical verb

(National Sales Representatives) from the several stakes in Utah, usages have entered the noun. It

well Idaho, of Arizona, and be, as a consequence and one each may tmi in Alberta, magazine Colorado, and its future and the Canada; new TOTAL MARKETING, INC.

8405 Pershing Dr., Suite 307 Mexico. By 1970, an international worldwide mission and influence,

Calif. Playa del Rey, 90291 church, with numerous overseas that a historical dictionary of the 8238568, 8237906 Phone (213)

missions, has experienced what twentyfirst century could well asre- that President Fielding ensign, noun, Joseph "the Smith sert

AIDS HEARING of unbelievacquired verb termed "an almost its former some allin- has savings or tiny, Huge theear, behind the body models. glass and ear, Neweyeable expansion of the work,"in meanings, such as to direct to an

so age models are space tiny Latin America, Japan, Korea, Taiobject or objective, to instruct, to closyour concealed and well friends est may notice. FREE HOMEneverTRIAL.even wan, Singapore, Thailand, and teach, as a consequence of MorLow down payment. No as $10 Indonesia. Today there are stakes mon activity in the late twentieth guaranmonthly. Money back

save. tee. and direct Order

catalog today and confidential booklet. throughout Europe, the Americas, century."for free Write

PRESTIGE, Dept. D-57, Box 10947, Houston, Tex. 77018. and the Pacific Basin. From 1897 Ensign, as noun, acquired meanto 1970 has indeed been "an iming as "a signal or battle cry,"

STORE FOR SALE provement era"! principally in Scotland, by about

Groceries and General Merchandise. Good

Mormon community in rural area. OpporThe Church is growing through1573. A secondary meaning

tunity rear family to under ideal conditions out the world. The work of mani- (growing out of the verb), a noun

financially. get ahead and

Inquire: C. A. JOHNSON STORE

Honeyville, Utah NEW! NEW! NEW!

OLD BUTTERMILK SKY SALAD DRESSING SPICES for "sign or token,"parallels the Ensign is thus a word rich in A totally new, totally delicious taste first use of the word as a verb meaning. Its historical derivation treat!spices Thispreparesdelightfulthe mostblend excitingof rare

about the year 1474. By 1579 and uses, both as verb and noun, and completely satisfying salad

ever marketed.ensign or an meant "emblem are peculiarly fitting to the new dressing

is Old Buttermilk Sky on GREAT naval or militarybadge,""a and publication. Era conThe word green dishes, and oh!

potatoes! to baked itsalads—fishdoes whatstandard This or banner."meantinues in the Era youth magNew

ing has more or less continued in zine. That is good. And the No artificial additives or preserthe English language. will the Friend When than 70 cents extend its pages to vatives.Economical—lessKing appeared about James Bible children per quart to prepare! everywhere.

1611, for example, the references Let us hope, as these times Complete satisfaction or 100% in Isaiah (translated from Greek move into future times, that the money back.

and Latin texts) appear thus: Friend will lead many brighteyed WeORDERPay BELOWPostage

"And in that day there shall be children into a New Era; and that Fisher Farms

a root of Jesse, which shall stand Ensign will "ensign,"instruct, P. 0. Box 845

for an ensign of the people; to it teach, and direct all to the grand Smithfield, Utah 84335

shall the Gentiles seek.... objectives of the kingdom of God. eachI encloseunit $1.00of Old (oneButtermilkdollar) Skyfor

"And [the Lord] shall set up an From ensign, it is possible to Spices ordered. Each unit contains

four sufficient for spices preparingensign for the nations, and shall coin a new word—"ensignship,"of individual dressing. quarts

assemble the outcasts of Israel, meaning the application of creaSend me units of Old and gather together the dispersed tive intelligence as service to Buttermilk Sky Spices.

of Judah from the four corners of others. Enclosed is $.

the earth."(Isa. 11:10, 12. Italics Not everyone can write for the Name

added.) Ensign, New Era, and Friend, any Address

Zip State in The is used word the same more contributed to City than all who

Gift Idea! An Excellent

inlight Doctrine Covenants and the Contributor or Era saw their 64:4142: words in print. But if world tele-

"For, behold, I say unto you that vision, movies, and theater are to

Zion shall flourish, and the glory have joyous (not sordid), intellifor Raisers Fund Outstandingof shall her; the Lord be upon gent, uplifting (not depressing)

Societies, Relief Stake Ward & shall ensign be she an "And productions, someone write must M.I.A.'s Building BeauFunds. &

shall people, theunto there and create and the books, articles, tiful CHINA COMMEMORATIVE come unto her out of every nation plays, dramas, sketches, scenarios PLATES (10") with four memunder heaven."(Italics added.) for such. And many, many more orable Latterday Saint scenes.

By 1650, ensign was occasionmust joyously live and work, to inally used in a special sense to despire the creative artists to so Temples of the Church (in note "a company or troop under create, write, and produce. If eluding new Ogden & Provo

one banner."The soldier who pornography is to be relegated into Temples)

carried the banner, the ensign disuse, some must produce and Joseph Smith, Prophet of God himself, had become known as "an circulate the better art and literaNauvoo, the Beautiful (Temensign"by the year 1513. Thus, ture. Good is more powerful than ple & early scenes)

gradually the company or troop evil. Good can overcome evil. Early Church Scenes (Palwho followed the "ensign"(or But someone will have to write, myra, Kirtland, Far West,

banner) carried by "the ensign"speak, and act the better plays, AdamOndi-Ahman, etc.)

(the banner carrier) also became compose the better music, create Come in five decorator colors.

known, frequently, as an ensign. the more attractive art. These are Special discount to L.D.S.

This use of the noun became obso- a few of the great opportunities lete, as did the designation of rank ahead. The creative and lively arts Thousands sold to date. PROVEN FUND RAISERS!

for the British soldier bannercar- have been particularly significant rier. However, in 1886, the United in affecting human conduct and Write for free brochure & inStates Navy designated its presbehavior during these times. They formation.

ent, beginning commissioned offiwill have greater influence in the L.D.S. Plates

cer as an ensign. This designation future. This will require "ensignTri-State Advertising Company

has continued in that organization. ship,"in many, many fields. o 719 Main Street

Davenport, Iowa 52803

Era, December 1970 143

End ofan Era

No man who is in a hurry is ever quite civilized.

LifeAmong—Will Durrant

theMormons "What are you children During his opening to soothe and quiet it. playing?"asked mother one

remarks at a stake Precisely at that day. "We're playing

conference, our stake moment an infant on the church, "replied her president discreetly said front row began to wail, sixyear-old son. "How

that occasionally the and his embarrassed nice,"said mother, crying of small babies mother hurriedly took "but worshipers shouldn't might disrupt the the long walk to the foyer, whisper in church.

speaker as well as the The president beamed. "We know that, mother,

congregation in a "Brothers and sisters,"the son replied, "but we're church meeting. If this he exclaimed, "just how in the choir.

should happen, he often does a speaker continued diplomatically, have such a cooperative Impatient man (outside it might be well if the visual aid as this?"phone booth): Can I help you

parent were to take -Helen S. Phillips, find the number you want?

the child out long enough Denver, Colorado Young woman (sweetly)

Oh, I don't want a number. I'm

looking for a pretty name The compass of the spirit A woman in the suburbs for my baby.

of Christmas points constantly was chatting over the back fence toward others, never toward with her nextdoor We are always more anxious ourselves, except to beckon us in neighbor. "We're going to live to be distinguished for

to the realm of service > in a better neighborhood a talent ivhich we do not possess and comradeship. The spirit of soon,"she said. "So are we,"than to be praised for the

Christmas is ever buoyant, never volunteered the neighbor, fifteen which we do possess.

earthbound or grounded confidently. "What? Are—Mark Twain

by accumulated mundane you moving too?""No, we To profit from good advice

things. It soars over by the are staying here."requires more wisdom than

lifting wings of love and to give it.

distils its blessings, even as Christmas is a time—John Churton Collins,

the dews from heaven. for laughter, a time of good English literary critic

—Elder Hugh B. Brown cheer, a time to sing, a

time of happiness. But it is also Teacher: Why are you so

Two spinsters were discussing a time to pray, a time to give late? Bobby: It's so windy outside

I took one men. "Which would you thanks, a time of appreciation, that every time

step forward, I slid back two. desire most in a husband—a time of genuine worship

brains, wealth, or appearance?"of the Prince of Peace, Teacher: At that rate, how

asked one. "Appearance,"whose birth ushered in the did you get here at all?

I finally give up trying said the other, "and the sooner true Christmas. Bobby:

the better."—Elder Mark E. Petersen and turned around to go home.

TeEra ofYouth

"i/larion D. Hanks

f and laine Cannon, Editors

ecember 1970

aJP*

nun in

and again

and auain in

this issue

we remind vou to make this your most beautiful Christmas

Era. December J 970 145

By Kenneth W. Godfrey

I love all of those famous scriptures that tell ment, the frills, and the awe of the first Christmas the story of the first Christmas, and I wholewere over, the wise men returned home and the heartedly agree that such verses as "... Joseph shepherds returned to their sheep. Though they

also went up from Galilee...to be taxed with had heard an angelic choir, had seen the Son of

Mary his espoused wife, being great with child"God, still the real test came as they returned to (Luke 2:4-5) are what Christmas is really all their flocks and to the dayby-day tasks of shepabout. I am also moved by the glitter of the tinsel, herding them. The wise men, who had traveled so

the hurrying, friendly, cheerful crowds, and the far, returned home, forever lost in obscurity. They

tang of the Christmas air, filled with "Deck the had given presents to the Christ child, yet failed

Halls/'"Away in a Manger,"and "O Come All to present him with the greatest gift of all *Ye Faithful."Yet my favorite Christmas scripdiscipleship. One wonders why they were not the

tures number three, all having a common theme. Peters, the Pauls, the Andrews, and the Johns.

I confess that I have never heard them quoted And Jesus himself went, with Joseph and Mary, alone, and I have never talked with anyone who to a town where he would become a man. Though

has said they were their favorite scriptures, and angels announced his birth, the heavens declared as far as I know they have never been the central his arrival, and choirs of heavenly beings sang theme for an eloquent sermon or an oratorio. his praises, yet he alone could have "sold his birthMy favorite Christmas scriptures are: "And the right"had he lived other than a perfect life.

shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God I was always impressed with the fact that after for all the things that they had heard and seen"a whole night of conversation with the angel (Luke 2:20); and "being warned of God in a Moroni, the morning found Joseph Smith in the

dream,-... they [the wise men] departed into fields working. Such is the test of our devotion

their own country another way"(Matt. 2:12); of Christ. Can we be his disciples while washing

and finally, "And he came and dwelt in a city dishes, at a high school basketball game, on a date, called Nazareth..."(Matt, 2:33). The reason in a science exam, with Mom and Dad? In the

the scriptures appeal to me is because they indi- 4 daily, often boring aspects of life, can we be cate that after all of the excitement, the wonderChristlike, or only when we hear heavenly choirs,

Illustrated by Phyllis Lucft k>gR sceve lobXc?

p*

i *.*!

*l&3fii tidiiWP'* #'

talk with angels, or win acclaim from our assoDietrich Bonhoeffer, a modern Christian marciates? tyr, called Christ "the man for others."As has

"And the shepherds returned,""they departed been said so many times, this is the true test of into their own country,"and "he came and dwelt our devotion to him whose name we bear. Martin

in a city called Nazareth"serve to remind me Luther put it this way further that the Christmas spirit should last all "The Virgin Mary, after she had heard the year. amazing news that she was to be the mother of the

This spirit should be like that of the family who, Savior, instead of sitting back to preen herself upon receiving word on Christmas Eve that a went on with the housework. How strange. The

grandfather was seriously ill in a hospital 800 shepherds, too having seen and adored the Babe, miles away, found themselves in a station wagon, went back to their flocks. Surely that is wrong.

hurrying to his aid. Though the night was'dark Surely the passage would read, they went and

and the road long, still they had to make the shaved their heads, fasted, told their rosary beads, journey. Dawn found them outside a small and put on monk's hoods. Instead the Bible tells

community in Nevada. With the dawn came us, they returned, where to? To their sheep. The

wakening children. Even the anxiety over the sheep would have been in sorry plight if they

grandfather's condition could not hide the joy in hadn't. It is what a man or woman has done for

the mother's eyes as she saw the wonderment, the others that will count on Judgment Day."

thrill as they looked at all their presents and wonSo after the presents are opened, the toys dered how Santa Claus could have delivered them played with, and while the Christmas dinner is while they traveled in their car. Years later the digesting, I try to resolve anew to return to my

family would remember this as their most excitsheep, to my work, and to my covenant of ing Christmas. Why? Not only because of the discipleship, and then I know that that "silent

uniqueness of Santa Claus delivering presents in night, holy night,"when all was calm and all was a rapidly moving station wagon, but also because bright, can be as real for me all year as it was they were thinking of, caring about, and hurrying for the shepherds and the wise men that first to their grandfather. Christmas two thousand years ago. O

Our concern must be to impress our associates with the fact there is a better tomorrow, and it belongs to those who live for it! Forgiveness and

repentance are action principles. What a blessing it is in our lives when

we come to realize there is hope and help for all of us in the days ahead, regardless of where we find ourselves at this hour.—Elder Marvin J. Ashton

In today's world of confusion and conflict, the life and teachings of Jesus of Nazareth stand alone as the certain solution to man's problems. No

greater opportunity or blessing can come into the life of a young man conference than to be called and ordained to the Aaronic Priesthood, thus being authorized to act for him who gave his life on Calvary.

—Bishop Victor L. Brown

Is there a valid case for virtue? It is the only way to freedom from regret.

The peace of conscience which flows therefrom is the only personal peace that is not counterfeit. And beyond all of this is the unfailing promise

of God to those who walk in virtue. Declared Jesus of Nazareth, speaking

on the mountain, "Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God."

That is a covenant, made by him who has the power—Elderto fulfill.Gordon B. Hinckley

One of the most wasteful wastes in the world is the waste of time, of opportunity, of creative effort, with indifference to learning, indifference to work—the don't-care, dropout, what's-theuse attitude. And of the

steadying factors in life—one that would reduce restlessness, protest, and

discontent would be for all of us to use in more useful ways the best of our abilities, with some awareness that the Father of us all might somehow, sometime shake us and say, "I have given you life. Now you make

the most of it!"—Elder Richard L. Evans

Love is manifest in charity of the soul. Love is not real when one demands

attentions and fancied needs, then is not appreciative of them and gives nothing in return for favors received. That attitude is one of pure selfishness and reflects a lack of gratitude, decency, and respect. Such a person

is selfcentered and cares not for his failure to acknowledge courtesy or express thanks and appreciation. Love is the purification of the heart. It

strengthens character and gives a higher motive and a positive aim to every action of life. The power to love truly and devotedly is the noblest

mm'gift with which a human being can be endowed.

—Elder Delbert L. Stapley

J bear you my witness that I have obtained for myself a personal knowledge that the Book of Mormon is all the Prophet Joseph said it is; that

from it radiates the spirit of prophecy and revelation; that it teaches in

plain simplicity the great doctrines of salvation and the principles of righteous conduct calculated to bring men to Christ; that familiarity with

its spirit and obedience to its teachings will move every contrite soul to fervently pray with David, "Create in me a clean heart, O God; and renew

a right spirit within me."(Ps. 51:10.)—Elder Marion G. Romney

Era, December 1970 149

"Wipe your feet on that rug!"warned Mark "I don't follow you, Mark. How would I know

Severin, senior patrol leader of Troop 108, as what?"Joe was puzzled.

each boy entered the ancient log Scout house. "Well—that 'tiger by the tail'bit. I had planned

Mark's fair skin was a sharp contrast to his dark, to rent the film The Tiger Walks."Brother Palmer

neatly combed hair. The trousers of his Scout laughed heartily at the coincidence. "Perhaps I

uniform inched a little closer toward his calf each could get permission to use the cultural hall. I

week, and the sleeves appeared to shrink. But it figure this is a community project because the

seemed a waste to buy a new uniform now that residents can participate in an unselfish effort by he was almost ready for Exploring. If only he supporting the movie. Here's a sample of a ticket

could finish his Eagle requirements. I've typed."It read

When the meeting was over, Mark stayed be- "The Tiger Walks"hind. Joe Palmer, his Scoutmaster, was sitting at

the table straightening papers. He looked up at Second Ward

December 15Mark. "Say, Mark, when are you going to move

Suggested Contributionahead on your service project? Can't get your

Adults 75c Children 35c Eagle without it, you know."

"I know,"Mark replied. "That's what I want Mark continued, "I'd sell popcorn and candy to

to talk to you about, Brother Palmer. Over make extra money. The proceeds would provide

Thanksgiving, my family and I decided about this Christmas for a family. I'd learn a lot in a service

service project."project of this kind."

"Good. What is it?"Joe asked. "A whole lot,"agreed Joe. "What happens if

"I want to sub for Santa."Mark watched Joe's you don't have a good turnout for the movie and

jaws drop in amazement. you don't make much money?"

"You're too skinny, boy. I really "It just has to succeed. If the troop could also know—you

want me to stand in for you. Right?"And Joe sell tickets and put up chairs and help sell poppatted his ample middle. corn and candy that night, it would make them a

Mark laughed. "Hadn't thought of that."part of the project. They'd be giving of them-

"How do you propose to earn money for a thing selves this Christmas."

like this?"Joe asked. "You're not loaded—we "What about a prospective family?"

know that. Are you sure you haven't got a tiger "Mom called the community council for needy

by the tail?"families. We can get one all right,"Mark replied.

"How did you know what I had planned to do?""I suppose you know this will take your own

Christmas,"Joe warned. opening packages, the telephone rang. Mark

"Of course. I'm not asking for a thing for picked up the receiver. "Merry Christmas!"he

myself. You know, I never realized there are greeted cheerily.

people who wouldn't have any Christmas if some- "Santa?"the voice asked tentatively.

one didn't sub."Mark, recognizing Mrs. Smith's voice, replied,

Joe nodded. "We're behind you all the way, "Yes."Then silence on the other end. His heart

Mark. I think you've got a great idea."sank—had he failed? The two weeks following were busy ones. Even "I—"More silence. Then, "I just want you to

in school Mark found himself worrying over all know that a boy has given us the most wonderful the details that must be handled. But when everyChristmas we've ever had. How can I ever thank

thing was over, Mark was overjoyed when he you 7"Mark could hear the Smith children clamorcounted his proceeds. He had over $70 profit. He ing to talk to him. For the next half hour they

was amazed to have a few people at church shake excitedly told him what a wonderful, wonderful his hand and say, "Here's a little money for your Christmas this was.

project,"or to donate something special for the As he hung up the receiver, his brown eyes cause. were shining. "Golly, this is the neatest ChristThe agency assigned him a family consisting of mas I ever had! Thinking of others and doing

a mother and her two small children—a boy, 4, for them—even people I didn't know—is the real

and a girl, 6. Mark and his mother went to call spirit of Christmas!"

on Mrs. Smith to ascertain the family's Christmas Two weeks later Mark sat on the cement floor

needs. When she greeted them at the door, she of the Scout cabin as Joe Palmer listened to his

couldn't mask her disappointment. She brushed report of his Eagle project. Joe asked, "What do

her hand across her forehead. "But I thought only you think you really learned from this undertakrich people did this. And they've sent a boy!"ing—aside from the thrill of giving?"

She managed to check the tears. "I learned that you can't do anything worth-

"I'm sure we can provide a good Christmas for while alone. It took my whole family and the guys

your children. What do they need?"Mrs. Severin in the troop."

asked. Armed with the list, Santa's Subs went to "Anything else?"Joe prodded.

work. "Yes, I never before realized how much my mom

Christmas morning Mark woke before anyone helps me, in so many ways. Now I know why an

else. "Merry Christmas, everybody!"he shouted. Eagle Scout's mother is always given a pin along

He felt deliriously happy. As the Severins were with her son."q

(A true story)

By Dora D. Flack

Illustrated by Dale Kilbourn

:*L r-'-,j

.w sS

>. r*.

at i

W U*> ''A.'.,-?*?* '. l

v% rM "Give way; go on giving way; be superior to all

provocation this single summer through...."

It seemed strange that the words of the old

A letter in the strongbox carried with it for me the.*v $ fragrance of Christmas; there was no mention

et whatever of Christ and the Yuletide. Yet as I

thought about it later, and meditated, the feeling was there. I read again the entreaty of Colonel

Thomas L. Kane to Brigham Young in a personal

letter dated July 5, 1858 *$ "Give way; go on giving way; be superior to all

provocation this single summer through...."

Johnston's army was east of Salt Lake Valley, poised to march into the city and carry out their mission of suppression. The Saints were deter-

; they had been driven and mobbed it mined to resist

and imposed upon quite enough.

Colonel Kane, resolute friend of the Church, wrote to President Young, urging forbearance "this single summer through,"pledging his efforts to bring about a sensible settlement, and

H offering his assurance that it could be accomplished.

It happened just as Colonel Kane promised.

Johnston's army crossed the valley, leaving the

Js* ); peopleernor ofandthetheirterritorycity undisturbed.was welcomed,The annewaccomgov-

5 modation reached, and a tragedy averted.

What has this to do with Christmas?

k% i

A "

-.'-"*v / fi

fm s&A: )

By Marion D. Hanks /a

k"> *j?-A

Everything <i y Christmas is much more than the celebration af a day or an event; it is a season of appreciation

for life, for a plan to live it, for Godly love, for the gift of salvation. Christ is the heart of all

this, and among the things he showed and taught was the way of forgiveness, patience—the way of

superiority over provocation.

those suffering there are In every community the sting VV2 under injustice, smart those whofrom of unfairness. Quarrels, estrangement, bitterness A

abide over wrongs often not even clearly remembered.

The Lord's teaching was that we forgive, cleanse tit our souls, renovate and regenerate our lives. The

spirit of Christ must be poured in, cleansing, purifying, transforming, making sweet. Then we.

can show mercy. Then we can return good for

evil, overcome evil with good. Then we can cross

the room, or the street, or the city, and make right the wrong, real or fancied. We can eradicate resentments, bitterness, hate. We can be whole

again.

Are we wronged? misunderstood? not appre- /

ciated? misjudged? threatened? persecuted?

forced to go an unwilling mile? Mt, rm

"Give way; go on giving way; be superior to all

provocation this single summer through...."

Then it will be a Merry Christmas for sure % > and a Happy New Year. O

Illustrated by Phyllis Luch y- *.

:,iW>

.ii..t/*$F >..:. ftg'w. W:

Here is a collection of Christmas quotes to enrich your understanding of the occasion and your delight in the season.

From 3 Nephi, chapter one:

8. But behold, they did watch steadfastly for

that day and that night and that day which should be as one as if there were no night, that they might know that their faith had not been vain.

12. And it came to pass that he [Nephi] cried

mightily unto the Lord, all the day; and behold,

the voice of the Lord came unto him, saying:

13. Lift up your head and be of good cheer;

for behold, the time is at hand, and on this night shall the sign be given, and on the morrow come

I into the world, to show unto the world that I will fulfill all that which I have caused to be spoken by the mouth of my holy prophets.

14. And behold, the time is at hand, and this

night shall the sign be given.

21. And it came to pass also that a new star

did appear, according to the word.

Some day that ever 'gainst that season comes

Wherein our Saviour's birth is celebrated,

The bird of dawning singeth all night long;

And then, they say, no spirit can. walk abroad

The nights are wholesome; then no planets strike,

No fairy takes, nor witch hath power to charm,

So hallow'd—Shakespeareand so gracious(Hamlet,is the time.Act. 1, sc. 1.)

By Pat Hardman,. age 15

all the stars in the heaven could not shine enough for that one night, so they chose one star By President S. Dilworth Young

Of the First Council of the Seventy and gave it the brightness all the rest would have had.

The snow is on the land and it went before the othersThe hay is in the barn a guide, The cattle sheltered warm.

a hope, If any of thy people, Lord, a neveragain. Are cold,

all earth's lifetime Lead thou them here

Where food and warming heartand a hundred billion hearts

Abound.could not redeem themselves

with their own pain. Around my hearth

May there be foundOne soul took all

The needy poor.that they had ever felt—What need at Christmas timeand breaking, set them free.

To have expensive gifts a star and Christ—From greater ones

neveragains, If I can give things to always reach for, Thy blessed gifts of earth always alone, never equaled. To needy sons?

By Phillips Brooks

Then let every heart keep its Christmas within,

Christ's pity for sorrow, Christ's hatred for sin,

Christ's care for the weakest,

Said Jesus to his people on the western hemiChrist's courage for right, sphere: Christ's dread for darkness,

"Behold I have given unto you my gospel, and Christ's love of the light,this is the gospel which I have given unto you—Everywhere, everywhere,

that I came into the world to do the will of my Christmas tonight!

Father, because my Father sent me.

"And my Father sent me that I might be lifted up upon the cross; and after that I had been lifted

up upon the cross, that I might draw all men unto me, that as I have been lifted up by men even so should men be lifted up by the Father, to stand before me, to be judged of their works, whether By George MacDonald they be good or whether they be evil—

"And for this cause have I been lifted up; thereThey all were looking for a king

fore, according to the power of the Father I will To slay their foes, and lift them high draw all men unto me, that they may be judged Thou cam'st a little baby thing, according to their works. That made a woman cry.

"And it shall come to pass, that whoso repenteth and is baptized in my name shall be filled; and if

he endureth to the end, behold, him will I hold guiltless before my Father at that day when I shall stand to judge the world.

"And no unclean thing can enter into his kingdom; therefore nothing entereth into his rest save

it be those who have washed their garments in my blood, because of their faith, and the repentance of all their sins, and their faithfulness unto the end. "Now this is the commandment: Repent, all ye

ends of the earth, and come unto me and be baptized in my name, that ye may be sactified by the reception of the Holy Ghost, that ye may stand spotless before me at the last day.

"Verily, verily, I say unto you, this is my gospel....

"... Therefore, what manner of men ought ye

to be? Verily I say unto you, even as I am."

(3 Nephi 27:1316, 1921, 27.)

V /v.

JjPFf

sinner, to be patient with the stubborn, to find tiAppcti ArcnRisrmAS appealthe onein whothe lessdiffersattractivewith andus, understandingthat is indeedfora different Christ's matter. idea of that counsel The u/rcn fxmtites wno iovt that enemies even our we love and we accept

By Elaine Cannon them in spite of how they look or act might seem to be unattainable perfectionism. After all, who

is doing it really?

Yet imperfection doesn't mean the idea is at

Christmas is a beautiful time of the year. fault, or that the principle won't work. It isn't

Hidden somewhere beneath the wrappings, who is or who isn't complying. Rather, for us it

among the greens and candleglow, behind the is how steadily we're moving in the direction of laughter and delightful confusion of the holiday, perfection in love and experiencing the resultant ever shines the secret of the season—the ideal of joy along the way.

our Savior's life, that we love one another. Christmas is a beautiful time of awakening once

"Beloved, let us love one another"is an easy more to the ideal. Beautiful things happen when

command if there is a new diamond on your finger. families and friends love each other in a ChristIt's a natural when a missionary has brought the like way and work at widening their circle of

gospel to a true seeker. But to have mercy on the loved ones and dear acquaintances.

l ffiij 111 HI t

v. * rlJ I x i II II 1 ai*yiB H

1 i 1IH w*t2m v ''*39BH '1 1 II H'J *8|

. '":

ot -i '3q3*MHyftf|''JVl ll'I: ',...;.,,.-.- dmKM;:j I

if '1 | """"l 11—Ep *f 1

Hf< 1 P3JPi rflffH,BK '"'ii—- t

L 1 S3:*'2 HScSk i*V 'vemllj

The wrought iron gate around the temple marks the beginning for a beautiful family and the beautiful Christmases that follow ever after, with pine boughs and lamplight, the caroling, the packaging, the welcoming door, the colorful lights, the baking, the tree with its moodmaking decorations, and most memorable of all, the scripture reading that strengthens the "twigs"that sprout from the family tree. That's what a beautiful Christmas

is. all about.

Photos of the Maynard M. Sorensen family, taken by Eidon K. Lixischoten

It has been estimated that one third to one half of the children in public schools today have reading problems and read below their present grade level. Many times, today's HELP school systems fail to motivate a student to learn at the proper rate.

Ebronix, a nationwide chain of electronic learning centers, can provide the motivation JOHNNY necessary to help students who have fallen behind in their reading, spelling, or arithmetic. Students who are now behind in their reading ability can normally expect

level for every of study increase at least at an Ebronix months one to two one grade LEARN to can expect to in arithmetic one Center. with problems Learning Those jump

grade level in 2!4 months through this highly motivational learning process. TO READ

Ebronix Learning Center operators are earning remarkable incomes above their own salaries and expenses. The centers provide

a genuine service to the community - a service that is in great demand. Some centers have netted a 100% return on their

investment after the first five months of operation. Some centers will net a return between $30,000 and $40,000 a year.

Market is unlimited FRANCHISE TERRITORIES AVAILABLE

Almost immediate return on investment ELECTRONIC CHOICE LOCATIONS AVAILABLE FOR

EITHER LEARNING CENTER LICENSE

Company performs a vital service OR AREA DISTRIBUTORSHIP.

LEJUHMI6 Join this growing list of Ebronix

Guaranteed customer satisfaction Learning Centers:

UTAH IDAHO CALIFORNIA No teaching experience necessary CENTERS... Salt Lake City Boise Santa Monica

Bountiful Caldwell Long Beach A dignified business that offers profit, Granger Nampa Palo Alto

Falls Ogden Twin prestige and security MEXICO NEW nnii Pocatello Logan Farmington Falls Idaho Provo investor Excellent for absentee

FLORIDA ARIZONA NEW HAWAII Melbourne Complete training program Mesa Honolulu

Low investment fee - $12,000 - $14,000 PROFESSION OREGON NEVADA MISSOURIKansas City

Eugene Las Vegas Independence

f INFORMATION E PACKET BALLANTYNE LAURENCE WRITE:

Director Franchise Ebronix ') 1280 Cherry Provo, Utah 84601 V Lane

OF< CALL: (801) 3731930 Collect LEARNING CENTERS

HOME OFFICE: BOISE, IDAHO (208) 3431215

/ County qa coMidaiitimM&i HEWTMIE HILLS

liteiinR tr toi i antmh immw.

A beautiful mountain setting with trees, brooks, and wildlife, Heritage Hills is more than land, it is an opportunity to invest in the future for yourself and your family. Heritage Hills is

within minutes of Provo and an easy drive to Salt Lake City.

BROKERS WELCOME

Tod"'"Both offerings at WHOLESALE PRICES!

OFFERING SECOND OFFERING FIRST 1 HILLS HERITAGE Soon 1 Ready Available Now!

I p O. Box 603

\ prove, Utah 84601.

20 ACRE PARCELS 5 ACRE PARCELS

5 acre divisions will be offered in the right a us now future. Contact mediate! Name

rapidly growing our on included be $600 a only list!. hesitate Don't priority \ per acre Address will of sites be.. available.. limited number up and State

GENEROUS TERMS "i City,

Resident Broker BUSHNELL REAL ESTATE, Inc. P.O. Box 603 Provo, Utah 84601 Telephone (801) 3736650

e find inspiration in our great heritage of Lake City. The bank was located at the northbanking service dating back practically 100 east corner of Main Street and First South

years. Street. Headquarters of First Security Bank

The Bank of Deseret (which became the remain in this same location—the oldest con-

)eseret National Bank and later First Security tinuous banking corner in Utah.

Bank) was founded under Territorial Law in Church officials continue to help guide the 1871. destinies of First Security. At the present time

President BRIGHAM YOUNG of the Church more than 150 officers of First Security in of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was the Utah and Idaho are Church leaders... past

bank's first president. and present Stake Presidents, Bishops, PriestThe organizational meeting was held in the hood and auxiliary organization officers and

old city hall and the election of the board of teachers, including members of the First Presidirectors took place in the Tabernacle in Salt dency and Council of Twelve.

First Security Bank Member First Security Corporation System of Banks

RESOURCES OVER ONE BILLION DOLLARS

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION.

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION.

FIRST SECURITY STATE BANK.

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF ROCK SPRINGS. WYOMING.

MEMBERS FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION.