smprovement

AUGUST

Number 8

Return Postage

Guaranteed

Salt Lake City, Utah Students WILL BE WELCOMED AT THE Utah State Agricultural College Monday September 24,

Life holds much for the young man or woman with a college education.

Prepare now for the future at an extremely low cost.

During these critical days when civilization seems to be hanging in the balance, the thoughtful youth of

America will realize as never before the necessity of education for the leaders which America now needs, and in the future will even more desperately need, from her citizens.

Utah and the West particularly will sense this great crisis in national and world affairs and will prepare for it.

The Utah State Agricultural College offers to sincere and earnest students an education of the highest quality, in an ideal College environment, at a very low cost. The Institution

will continue to maintain the highest standards of scholarship, and it will also preserve its devoted interest in building the character of students as well as developing their technical skill. The College invites conscientious students to begin Qr to continue their training for

constructive American leadership by attending the Institution in 1934.

Courses are offered in the following schools:

AGRICULTURE EDUCATION ENGINEERING AND

FORESTRY HOME ECONOMICS MECHANIC ARTS

ARTS AND SCIENCES COMMERCE Utah State Agricultural College

LOGAN, UTAH Address the President's Office, Logan, Utah, if you wish a catalogue, or any additional information.

Ill CODETHE IMPROVEMENT ERA Heber J. Grant, Editor

Harrison R. Merrill, Managing Editor Elsie Talmage Brandley, Associate Editor

EDITORIALS The Kingdom of God. H. R. Merrill 478

More Talk About Talkies Elsie Talmage Brandley 478

ARTICLES Frontispiece Alice Merrill Home 464

It's Worth $3,000 and Up—Per Year Earl J. Glade 451

Glimpses of June Conference Henry A. Smith 453

The Third Witness Bertha A. Stevenson 458

Supt. George Albert Smith Awarded the Silver Buffalo 462

Latterday Saint Youth and the New Day Oscar A. Kirkham 463

The Glorious Possibilities for Us of the Religious Crisis Joseph F. Smith 465

The Religious Crisis of Today Elsie Talmage Brandley 467

Reminiscences of Charles W. Nibley By Himself 473

Let's Talk About Personality Mildred Baker 475

The Boy at Lippershey's James F. Scheer 503

The Man You Saw Yesterday Ezra J. Poulsen 504

FICTION Architect? Verily Will Dobson 45

Wings William F. Eidecker 460

Courage - A. M. Chambers 469

Ruff—.——Captain True Banheardt Harmsen 470

,: *;-: POETRY

A Boy's Prayer Edith Cherrington 472

The West Cristel Hastings 474 The Real Enemies Carlton Culmsee 476

To a Very Young Love Rosannah Cannon 476

Beloved Alpha J. Taylor 476

Aunt Sally: Lucy Russell Scott 476

Masquerade Alberta Huish Christensen 476

Western Winds Cristel Hastings 476

With You Away William Sykes 476

Date Tonight Ardyth Kennelly 476

Tide of Empire Mabel Winter Wilson 476

After Death -. A. Blair Sharp 477

The Gay Intruder. Jean McCaleb 477

Pioneers Florence Wilson Anderson 477

Cedar Tree Marie Call 477 Wishes Bess Foster Smith 477 Just Dog Ranee Wilcox 477 Essentials Mary Hale Woolsey 477

Thoughts Lars H. Mortensen 477

At the Crossroads 477 Doniphan Ruth May Fox 491 Under the Hollyhocks - Mabel West Lillie 500

Realization L. P. Roberts 5 1

DEPARTMENTS Lights and Shadows on the Screen. 485

Book Reviews - 486 Joseph Smith's Own Story 490

Music -- 487 Old Fort Hall 491

Ward Teaching - 488 Mutual Messages 493

Aaronic Priesthood 489 Your Page and Ours 512

NEW AUTHORS Summer Joys Viola A. Israelsen 482

Our West Mildred Lyman 482 Thoughts at Sunset Marlin Bingham 482

Our Desert Marilene Bloom field 482 A New Day Norma Knight 482

Sunset Vades Johnson 482 To You, Mother William R. Clarke 482

Dear Little Girl Hazel J. Owen 482 Under the Stetson Brim Jay P. Sorenson 483

Mother Leland Wayment 482 Sables in Sego Prairie L. T. MacFarland 484

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations and

Department of Education Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Melvin J. Ballard, General Mgr. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Entered at the Post Office, Salt

City, Street, Salt Lake Utah 50 North Main Clarissa Beesley, secondclass A. Associate Mgr. as Utah, Lake City,

the Copyright, Mutual by 1932, Men's Young B. Peterson, Business Mgr. O. for at mailing Acceptance the matter. Association Corporation of Improvement

rate special of for postage provided Morris, George Q. Saints. Latterday Christ Jesus of, Church of

Katie C. Jensen All rights reserved. Subscription frrice, $2.00 a in section 1103, Act of October,

Chairmen Era and Publicity year, in advance; 20c a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Ui>

oc<CDiim."Ill"

It's Worth $3,000 and HoWy Theny May a Young Man Proceed Appropriately Per Year to Capitalize on His Church (This article was suggested by the stateBy Activity?

went that young Latterday Saints are their in business handicapped church by truly becoming growthcon- activities as their friends compared with EARL J. GLADE DYscious realizing that all and by instance, grace, inwho, for in good may

dulge in many latitudes not open to our around himself in his activities are young church workers, such activity frevalues that are priceless values quently resulting in important business that need only to be claimed and deals. )

put into work-a-day service.

list a DOL- I shall now THOUSAND THREE opportunities. compensations and and year LARS up—per few of these that's what conscientious, unstinted participation in church Opportunities for Training

activity may be worth in cash to a young man, if his effort is skillin Oral Expression

It is fully applied. alworth an truer that was never than now a TT to comparable most amount

"there without impression is no lady. young

I am fully aware that this stateexpression."The church provides young people with incomparable ment has a rather mercenary ring

opportunities for acquiring power that accusto it and we are not in to oral expression. To be able to interpreting spiritual tomed

values in dollars and cents. I, speak convincingly has a direct money value. It will pay divitherefore, ask your indulgence for dends on every day of the week. the three following considerations:

past, there the recent In has been is clearly recognized First—It stressing increased an of prepared that there are spiritual values in

acutterances auxiliary in church J. EARL GLADE, OF RADIO STATION MANAGER KSL activity tihat church are beyond

tivities. is result apprean The that the world cannot

ciable in quality the improvement price—joys the sacredness spiritual of gathergive the and take world cannot

if expression. of our ings Even never we violate the to proand It away. a be travesty would mere speak usually ad libitum, service in work we or in church conto try to interpret them in terms of prieties

directness, adds from notes. tacting This directly injecting the by money.

element of personal gain. power and conviction.

are, however, Second—There is a great expression mental directly In the second instance, it is well The church values and physical

laboratory. invitIt is constantly in to keep that these personal mind attributable to activity church ing people young definite certain, while "To know, and To one's which augment to earn gains, power be and indirection. come by To do!"and, therefore, can be approximately estimated in money terms. In losing himself in his spiritual Full freedom for expression is

is It guaranteed. tribute a to our the work, can neveryoung man reason that money Third—The that, people rare occasion, only efficiently on theless be in systematic

is all at is mentioned dollars that this liberty has abused. been a sense, business realizing Centhat cents represent a and very good

is sorship almost order has unknown. Good always accorded been an stick measuring if is there and sense dominates withplace spirimportant in things even obtains—it thing one are people preyoung

being domineering. stimThis that a This means young out to sumed understand and to be initual. ulates spontaneity utterance, of devote himself wholeman may terested in, it is money.

heartedly to his religious work promotes courage and creates conSome Precautions at the pensation,without thoughtalthough,of directamongcomthe fidence.Who denies that there is a very

Outset other things he is endeavoring to distinct economic value to this do, he is also trying to build for training? Who challenges the fact QBVIOUSLY there are certain himself a substance that will assure that besides its fine aesthetic value

definite precautions which him respect and give him influence and the compensation that always must be observed in even contemand power to actualize important comes from evangelical work, this plating one's church activity as achievements for his church, his training is also worth much in real profitable in an economic sense. city and his state as well as for legal tender to the young man who

The first precaution is to respect himself and family. is winning his spurs in life?

452 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934

encouraging influence is a positive satisfaction that althoughStresses Imperative Need of job, research. stimulating part quiry and stimulating of the comtruly Planning—of Having pensation. If, on the other hand, you conin-

Specific Wants and tact men who are achieving subpos- who, objectives—men

things Objectives The Church Provides stantialsibly, are doing some of the l\TO institution better than the Wholesome Personal you want to do and who possess church teaches young people to Contacts many of the things you want to naturally will you is, to realcultivate possess—then, wants—that doer. stride the the get of into order of to the old then to to QONTRARYknow how want:—and

is is suggestion of law as powchurch today The things, the wants. satisfy these tobuild plans

The church is the great creator making goodness attractive. The erful today as ever. The winning

of faith and faith is the world's church colors are not a somber spirit is usually caught by contact.

most potent spiritual and mental black, which actually represents a Thus, the church provides an stimulant to worthwhile wanting. total absence of color; but a gloriincomparable opportunity for

From a cold, monetary basis ous, shimmering white which is a working with personalities, singly alone, if the church did nothing wondrous composite of all the and in groups. It teaches the

other than to teach people to want colors of the spectrum. priceless art of how to get along

adequately and thus provide that Tolerance today is bringing real with people and offers the greatest great cosmic urge to ambition and meaning to that important rule of avenue available to qualify for orachievement, it would justify itself. conduct announced many years ganization leadership.

A large part of an enterprise is ago: "Do unto others as you

realized as soon as its sponsor would have them do unto you."Summary

knows accurately what it is that The result is that outstanding he wants. Most people don't personalities are being attracted to AA7"HILE there are considerations

know! active work in the church and are identified with church activity

Everyone is energized by recallgiving it the finest measure of their that are immeasurably beyond price blessing, on occasion, the slogan: "If effort.—satisfactions that only realyou know what you want, you can Contacts are vitally important edness knows—it also happens that

have it!"in determining the quality of perconsistent, enterprising church

The fixing of definite objectives, sonality. work—faithimpelling work—acthe determining of specific wants, If you hobnob only with skepcompanied by a sincerely genuine

the securing of an accurate assigntics, you generally go sour. love for one's associates also represents that a training a tangible has objectives ofment effort—these is the of indictment no This value. money the Monday When stressed efficiently byare more

is, it inquiry; spirit of honest howreal- stern the comes and morning instituother any than bychurch

as faith a the ever, recognition of bell ities are ringing the door and they see that fails totion. Who

have a positive, definite and tanthe telephone, there can be no peace gible economic worth to every of mind when these ringings are young person? mm fit;: not satisfied.

Happiness, the second highest The Cultivation of the Imform of joy, comes only through work. To be happy, therefore,

agination is Freighted With men must have Work.

Golden Opportunity For this reason, work is a very definite, integral part of life's plan.

]\JO industrial era has placed such Therefore, the Great Executive is a premium on creative endeavor undoubtedly eager to encourage us as the present. The world is if we have the wisdom to see that

reaching out for new concepts, new work in His church is also a highly ideas, new satisfactionsthe presimportant training to secure the ent hour, therefore, is freighted economic competence vital to life at with opportunity for young peoits fullest and its best.

ple with lively and practical imagiWhether this training is worth nations. $1000 or $10,000 to a young man

Contemplate how. this creative depends on individual ability to

spirit is fostered in our young peocapitalize it. This, in turn, is also

ple's organizations and in our study dependent on economic conditions groups. A lively imagination enand population.

tourages and vitalizes the creative There will always be distinct spirit and often points the way to gradations of responsibility just as important practical achievement. there are varying degrees of auSociety is willing to reward thority. And there will always be

intensely people happy may be who efforts creative of these sponsors respective assignin all of these the ON THE WAY TO BOULDER DAM than just more with something satisfaction of having done a good ments.

By HENRY fl. SMITHGlim oses o

June Conierence

Henry A. Smith, editor of the Church Supplement of the Deseret News, herein gives our

readers some intimate glimpses of the activities of June Conference. Those who were not present may learn a little of what went on, and those

who were may renew their memories.

FRED SLATER AND LETA VRAZER, ENSIGN STAKE

WINNERS OF ORIGINAL DANCE. WINNERS OF

CONTEST DANCE WILL BE PUBLISHED NEXT

MONTH.

VANGUARD ARCHERY GROUP

TOprovementthousandsAssociationof MutualofficersImand members located in many sections of the United States and parts of Canada, the month of June is one of great significance. To

them it is more than thirty days of sunshine and beauty of flowers City, is of course no exception. Practically every meeting breathed

and trees and the heralding of a Should any exception be noted it a spiritual message of vital interesttime to get out and get close to must of necessity be in favor of the to young and old alike.

nature. conference, for the annual event, Anyone listening earnestly to

To this natural attractiveness viewed from all possible angles, the messages falling from the lips found in the month is added an was "bigger and better"than ever. of the leaders of the Church and

event of importance, one which all I make this statement sincerely. I from M. I. A. officials could not

fondly anticipate for many months, believe that no other June conferbut feel intensely the inspiration and in its passing one which beence has surpassed or equalled the that directed their words. After

. his two messages Sunday, and especomes to them a living memory one held this year.

and an inspiration for a new year's I have been on the grounds "ofcially the one given at the final work. ficially"covering the conferences session Sunday evening, one could

I several for years. of the majesty not help but feel for my paper,

This event is the annual June attended leadership the meetings of the of President and Heber most conference of the Young Men's and other feature events of this con- J. Grant. His tall figure rose to

Young Women's Mutual Improveference and found something of an majestic heights as his clear voice ment Associations. unusual nature in each of them. rang out with an inspiring testiThe great conference held this There seemed to be more of an aim, mony of the divinity of the Gospel

year in the shadows of the great more of real objective to the conof Jesus Christ. Those who heard

"Mormon"temple at Salt Lake ference sessions than ever before. him knew for a certainty of his

454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934

sincerity and will not soon forget board near the booth, upon which listening for several months to the the spirit of those moments. was recorded at various intervals, young people present their probPresident Grant, himself an arthe number of registered delegates. lems before the general board, in an

dent M. I. A. worker during a long Pocatello stake with 127 registered "Attitudes of Youth"survey,

life time, carried a message to all for the three days, took honors in four general officers of the M. I. A.

engaged in this work throughout this field. This was close, as sevundertook to answer them in one

the Church. This special message eral other stakes passed the hundred of the outstanding sessions of the

was that he knew of a certainty of mark in registration totals. (A conference. The problems prethe truthfulness of the mission of photograph of this board showing sented by the young people were

the Prophet Joseph Smith, and registrations was run last month.) difficult, but so successfully were

they answered, and so forcefully were M. I. A. officers and teachers

made to feel their responsibility in this connection that it will not soon be forgotten.

So important were these talks and so numerous were the requests for them, that three of them are being printed in full in this issue of the Era and the fourth, that of

Elder Ballard, will be given later.

This meeting was held Saturday morning and was the first of the

that through him the Gospel of Jesus Christ had been restored to the earth, never again to be taken away.

President Grant seemed more than ever desirous of impressing upon the minds of all, the fact that it is God's

Church and that while men might become wayward and stray, they could not corrupt the Gospel of Jesus Christ which was on the earth to stay. Youth held the spotlight large general sessions held by the

throughout. Contest finals were M. I. A.

TsJOW for the conference details. held on Friday with young people While discussing outstanding

I just couldn't begin them principally competing for first features, it is necessary to include without first attracting attention places. These winners represented here mention of the gigantic music

to President Grant's testimony, approximately 50,000 contestants festival. When three thousand

which to me and to countless others who entered these events during the singers are heard together in conassembled, was the feature of the year, in the various wards and cert it is in itself a feature, but entire meet. stakes. The winners were named when these same singers attain a

Attendance at all meetings as in the July issue of The Improvequality of perfection such as that well as registration from the ment Era. heard in the grand music festival

stakes was record breaking. Daily This however is only one phase in the Tabernacle on the Saturday

interest in registrations was atof the conference which directly night of the conference, it becomes tracted by means of a large blackconcerned the young people. After more than a feature. It is truly

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934 455

the realization of a dream in mass by her were the supplanting of the card bearing the signatures of the participation activity. These three contests for the coming season by members of the superintendencies of

thousand singers, trained in their the motive of achievement. She the general boards; each may purwards and stakes came from all also outlined a plan for the work chase at a very nominal cost a

parts of the United States and from of the season ahead by which classMutual Improvement honor pin;

Canada and Mexico, to sing in work and activity work in the and third the individual will be the festival chorus. Mutuals will be given separately eligible to attend and participate in

A long season of training under on different nights of each month, the Churchwide educational prostake leaders, together with three This means that two Tuesday gram at the June Conference, which days rehearsing under the guept nights of the month will be dewill replace and surpass in interest conductor prior to the presentation, voted to a study of lessons from and popularity, the contest finals was productive of a finished quality the class manuals and two Tuesday in Salt Lake.

of an unusual nature. Again the nights will be devoted exclusively

singers were lifted to unexcelled to the appreciation courses or ac- A NOTHER important feature of heights in this field of activity untivity program. When a fifth this session was the introducder the masterly baton of Noble Tuesday occurs under the new plan, tion of the new slogan of the M. I.

Cain, Chicago musician and one of the M. I. A. hour will be devoted A. for 193435. This new banner

the country's leading conductors, to a general program prepared and under which the organization

Mr. Cain also directed the first given by the various departments, membership will march to victory

festival chorus during this comin the Tabering season is:

nacle, two years "By My Acago. tions I Will

Those who Prove My Allelistened to the giance to the grand concert Church."

were equally Mrs. Rose W.

thrilled with the Bennett, of the singing of Ma- Y. W. M. I. A.

dam Marion general board Telva, Metrointroduced the politan opera slogan saying:

star, who was a "This is a day guest soloist. of actions and

Madam Telva few words. We

sang a group of are not worthy soprano numof the Church if bers, delighting the vast audience TYPICAL 34THBOY SCOUTWARD,TROOP,SALT LAKETHIS ONESTAKEFROM THE we do not support it."

On Friday morning, June 8, the

TN this great concert with its hunMiss Beesley emphasized the fact M. I. A. met jointly with the Pridreds of participants is seen a that these two new program feamary Association in the Tabervivid example of a new type of partures had not been decided upon unnacle, to hear greetings from the

ticipation in cultural and educatil the general boards had given general officers and also from Prestional events designed to become a them careful consideration and had ident Grant. General Superintendpart of the forthcoming June conreached the conclusion that the aim ent George Albert Smith, of the

ferences. This idea will be carried to achieve was more noble than the Y. M. M. I. A., and President Ruth

into drama, dancing, speaking and aim to excel. May Fox, of the Y. W. M. I. A.,

story telling as well as into music In her discussion, Miss Beesley each expressed gratitude for the in the future. Many details conoutlined the three requirements for loyalty of M. I. A. workers

cerning this new plan are not yet each mutual unit to fulfill in order throughout the past year. They

completed, but sufficient was exto gain recognition in Churchofficially greeted all present, as also plained at the conference meetings wide program: did General Superintendent May

to create unusual interest. First: A given percentage of Anderson of the Primary AssoPart of an entire session on the attendance at Mutual meeting on ciation.

opening day of the conference was the part of each individual particiPresident Grant, speaking at this devoted to a discussion of this new pating. session, told of the power of a perplan, designed to take the place of Second: The study and satissonal testimony of the Gospel, and

contest endeavors in the cultural factory completion of any two counseled the assembled delegates fields of M. I. A. activity. At this courses of activity in the M. I. A. to do all in their power to stimulate

meeting Miss Clarissa A. Beesley, program. a testimony of the truthfulness of

second counselor in the general Third: One public appearance, the Gospel in the hearts of all the

presidency of the Y. W. M. I. A., or more, of the individual in the children and young men and young

ably presented the new features of performance of some phase of Muwomen in their care.

the M. I. A. program, which tual work. President Grant told of his pargreatly simplifies much of the someIn the matter of awards it was ticipation in the first Y. M. M. I.

what heretofore complicated acexplained that these were threefold: A., organized in 1874 in the Thirtivities. The individual thus achieving will teenth ward, at which he was

Two items particularly stressed be presented with a membership (Continued on page 497)

Architect?

Verily

i.

The New Meeting House meeting house.

This required much sacrifice. Bethat lovely fore a plan had

spring day Bishop McDowell was been approved that ONfull of gloom. Jim Burton, archicame within their

tect and foreman of the new meetmeans there had ing house, was becoming too cheerbeen many meetfuh ings and much "Jim's got a bottle hid someplanning together where about,"the Bishop grumbled of her leaders.

to Counselor Thad Clark. "He'll The problem

never stop 'til he's down."did not discourage

'That rat of a Harve Worts!"them. The easy

Counselor Clark gloomed. "I'd going, the weak,

like to tie a stone to his filthy neck and the lazy had and heave him in the lake. Slippin'been left behind

around with that filthy stuff he back in the "old 'stills!"countries"from

"No use."The Bishop diswhich these restsented. "Some other would take less, fearless settlers

his place."had been gathered.

Absorbed in his problem, the The call to come

Bishop cast unseeing eyes on the to the West had deepening green of the eastern hills. automatically siftIt was indeed a beautiful, peaceful ed the strong from the weak, "HOWROSES. DO?"BROTHERHE GREETEDBURTON'SRESPECTFULLY.GONE TO THE "NICESAWday. New leaves clothed the trees the honest from the greedy, the WON'TMILL. ASKEDBE BACKME FORTO COMEA COUPLEBY ANDOF TELLWEEKS."YOU.

that lined the streets of the little worker from the shirker. Those

settlement of Farmington. Gulls with courage to match their ideals "Come on, boys!"and is not satisfrom the nearby lake circled lazily had given up the comforts of an fied with himself unless he is doing

overhead, white against the blue of established civilization to brave more than any other workman.

the sky, or quarreled shrilly in the hardships in a strange new world. The pride he took in the sharpness

long furrows of the plowmen in They now responded willingly of his tools was almost childlike the rich brown fields. The cheerful to the call of their Bishop for a new in its intensity. He could not

sounds of hammer and saw vied meeting house. Willingly they stand to see fine quality lumber

with the musical clang of the came forward and pledged the best abused by careless, ignorant workblacksmith's hammer. Farmington they had of labor and materials. men.

was busy building a meeting house. Some gave up cherished private As the Bishop had feared, Jim's

At this stage of her history most plans. Others sacrificed precious false cheer had increased. As the

of the Great Basin was a blank on stores of lumber they had been day progressed, it became silly the map. Farmington fields had gathering against the day when hilarity, disorganizing the work

not been tilled many seasons. As they could build themselves better and annoying his sober associates.

yet the town was a mere handful homes. By evening he was beastly drunk.

of farmers and tradesmen. Most Another workman, only a little less

of the homes were of logs chinked IN charge of construcbefuddled than Jim, helped him with mud. A few were of adobe. tion was dynamic Jim Burton. He into the back of a wagon, and a

Some boasted shake roofs, but most was an erect, forthright Englishnoisy crowd drove away to hunt roofs were of sod. There were man with a flaming red beard. He more "valley tan."

newly arrived families living in and Bishop McDowell both workNext morning Burton was misstents. ed with the men they directed. ing from the job. The next step,

But Farmington was building a Burton was of the sort who says, framing and placing the huge, spe457 Jim Burton was a wizard with carpenter's tools—but he

liked drink. Mary Burton was a faithful wife who feared sickening realization. It must

and fled with her husband to the desert to escape liquor. have been near midnight, she recollected, when she had fled up the

narrow stairway and flung herself into bed. She had been weak with

the trembling spent fury from andBy WILL DOBSON wrath reaction the tornado of of she had loosed on Jim Burton's 3,C1, head. For two weeks her wrath

had been accumulating while Jim, missing from accustomed haunts, caroused with his thirsty friends.

She had left Jim pacing the little crowded kitchen like a caged animal. Her last consciousness as she

fell into troubled dreams was of that monotonous pacing. She

turned to the pillow beside her own. It had not been dented.

That side of the deep corn shuck mattress lay smooth. All night

Jim must have spent pacing back and forth, struggling with his tortured nerves.

Wrestling, too, no doubt, with the searing words she had flung at him the night before. Well, she

told herself, they were coming to him. "What did I say?"she asked

herself. What she remembered did

not reassure her. Words Jim could

not very well forgive. Words she

now regretted. She had wanted to

hurt him. Now that mood was

gone. The picture of Jim whipped

by his own searing conscience moved her now to pity. Now she wanted only to mother him—to

love and be loved.

She listened nervously. Jim was

still in the kitchen. She could hear

him building a fire in the little

Charter Oak stove. She threw aside

the covers and began dressing hurriedly. There was work to do.

their babies, as was two The still in their slept peacefullycially designed rafters, calculated "THANKS,RECEIVEDED,"MANYMARY SUCHMANAGED.MESSAGES.SHE HAD habit,

with mathematical precision to bear homemade crib. Mary bent over

the full span of the roof, could not gradually into her consciousness. them fondly, touching their rebelbe taken without architect Burton. The soft dawnlight from the one lious curls with loving little kisses.

The work stopped. big window lay like a friendly The wave of tenderness that for a

"Go back to your own work,"smile on the bright pattern of the moment glorified her face gave way the Bishop had been forced to tell quilt that'covered her. again to gnawing misery. She

the crew. "When we can go on A vigorous young cottonwood, turned away with a heavy sigh.

again, I'll call you back to work."its clean green leaves stirred by the What had life in store for her

There the job stood stranded while canyon breeze, whispered confibabies?

precious days slipped away. dential gossip outside the open On the stairs, she thought how

window. Far off, a rooster crowed. love can torture. Both were sufII. Hens scolded and cackled. Birds fering. She suffered Jim's pain

Men Must Work chattered. The mingled music of and her own. In turn, she did not

cowbells, near and far, told of the doubt that he suffered most in

Oi'NLY partly freed morning milking hour. Spring lay seeing what she was forced to enfrom the chains of sleep, Mary like a benediction over the valley. dure. It seemed all so mixed and

Burton lay for some moments Then grim reality flooded so useless. A sense of unutterable

gratefully relaxed. The cheerful Mary's brain. Memory took up helplessness and loneliness swept

sounds of a new spring day seeped its burden. She awakened to OVer her. (Continued on page 499)

"Be it known unto all nations, kin'dreds, tongues, and people unto whom this work shall come: That we, through the

grace of. Cod the Father, and our Lord

Jesus Christ, have seen the plates which contain this record, which is a record of the people of Nephi, and also of the

Lamanites, their brethren, and also of the people of Jared. * * And we also knowThe THIRD that they have been translated by the gift

and power of Cod, for his voice hath declared it unto us; wherefore we know of

a surety—Fromthat the theworkTestimonyis true *of *the*."

By Three Witnesses. WITNESS

BERTHA S.

STEVENSON

story of the coming forth is anTHEof the Book of Mormon ever new, ever interesting one to the Latterday Saints. The

plates from which this book was translated were shown only to a privileged few, and these were commanded to bear witness that they had seen them.

The three witnesses, Oliver Cowdery, David Whitmer and Martin Harris did as they were commanded. Through all the

stress of early day persecution, and under all conditions throughout their lives they were steadfast to that which they had witnessed, that they had beheld the plates and the engravings thereon.

Martin Harris, the third witness, was the only one of the three THETHE FLORALPRESIDINGBOOKBISHOPRICOF MORMONBY who came to Utah, and the story CROWDS ASSEMBLED FOR of his coming is an interesting bit CEREMONIES of church history not generally THE MONUMENT TO MARTIN

HARRIS achere was coming known. His

PLACING THE GODFREY VERL W. the inlargely complished through OFFERING FLORAL

terest and sympathy of Elder Edward Stevenson, and his appointabout fourteen years of age, living of age and was very poor. Brother

ment to bring him to Utah was in Pontiac, Michigan. Martin HarStevenson says he told him of the

the culmination of a friendship ris had a sister living there whom growth of the church, and the born through Martin Harris'testihe went to visit, and while there blessings of membership in it, and mony to him as a young boy at preached and bore his testimony bore his testimony to him. He says

the impressionable age of his life. concerning the Golden Plates. "The Martin Harris seemed strongly imWith the announcement of an people of the neighborhood were pressed and "I was moved to comAaronic Priesthood pilgrimage to much interested and impressed."passion for him."

the grave of Martin Harris in celeThere is no record of Elder While in Kirtland Brother Stevbration of the one hundred and Stevenson's having seen Martin enson preached to the saints and fifth anniversary of the restoration Harris again until he was a man promised to go back sometime and of that Priesthood, this story of fifty years of age. He says: speak in the Temple.

his coming is recalled. "Thirtysix years after this first On his return to Salt Lake City

It is from the sermons and writmeeting with Martin Harris, I was he went to President Young and ings of Elder Stevenson that we get back again in the east filling a misrelated his experience, of having our most intimate and accurate acsion for the Church, and while in seen Martin Harris. He says:

count of his association with MarKirtland, I met him as he was com- "After my arrival in Utah in 1870, tin Harris. ing out of the Temple."I was inspired to write to Martin

He tells us of his first having met JyJARTIN HARRIS was by now Harris and soon received a reply him in 1834, when he was a boy, an old man, eightyeight years and after a few letters had been

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934 459

exchanged, he wrote saying that ter and second verse."In the same for some of his dead kin,"and

the Spirit of God for the first time article he says: "Many interesting continues: "The baptismal font

prompted him to go to Utah. More incidents were related by Martin was prepared and by arrangement

letters were exchanged and PresiHarris on our journey (from Ohio I led Martin Harris down into the dent Brigham Young, having read to Utah in 1870), one of which water and rebaptized him. Five

the letters, through President I will relate."* He told Brother apostles were present, viz: John

George A. Smith requested me to Stevenson that on a certain occasion Taylor, Wilford Woodruff, Orson

get up a subscription and emigrate a group of men had tried to get him Pratt, George A. Smith and Joseph

Martin to Utah, he subscribing drunk and then had said to him: F. Smith. After baptism Orson

twentyfive dollars for that pur- "We want you to be frank regardPratt confirmed him, and I joined pose. Having raised the subscriping this story of your seeing an with the rest of the brethren, by

tion to about two hundred dollars, angel and the Golden Plates,"and the laying on of hands. After this,

I took railroad cars for Ohio on as always, whenever questioned, on the same day, he was baptized the 19th of July, 1870, and on he told them that it was true, he for some of his dead friends and the 10th of August filled my aphad seen the plates. his sister was baptized for some of

pointment, preaching twice in the "On the 30th of August, 1870, their female friends."

Kirtland Temple, and finding Martin Harris arrived in Salt Lake On one occasion, when a group

Martin Harris elated with his prosCity in the care of Elder Stevenmet at Elder Stevenson's home, pective journey."son."After his arrival he conMartin Harris was asked to tell the

Martin Harris went around and tinued to bear his testimony, and circumstances of his seeing the bade his friends farewell and he on Sunday, September 4, 1870, he plates. He said: "The angel

and Elder Stevenson started for spoke in the Tabernacle. One of stood on the opposite side of the

Salt Lake City. They stopped Edward Stevenson's daughters, table from the witnesses, and

over in Chicago where Martin HarMrs. Charles F. Wilcox, remembers turned the pages one by one."

ris bore his testimony of the Goldhaving heard him speak. His voice Martin took up a book and turned

en Plates, and the Saints there was feeble but he shouted that all the pages to illustrate, and continbought him a new suit of clothes. might hear as he vehemently ued, "The angel declared that the

At Des Moines, Iowa, they stoppounded the pulpit in his earnestBook of Mormon was translated ped again. A conference was in ness. correctly by the power of God and

there, servsession a baptismal and it contained held. being ice was He again bore DROTHER STEVENSON says: notthe offulnessman ofandthethatGospel. The

his testimony and Elder Steven- "One day Martin Harris came witnesses were required to bear their son says: "I took this opportunity to my home and said he wished to testimony of these things,"he said.

to teach Martin Harris the necesbe baptized and also to be baptized "Martin Harris went to Smithsity of being rebaptized, and quoted *Millennial Star, Vol. 48, page 367field to live with his son, Martin

to him from Revelations, fifth chap389. Harris, Jr., and lived the rest of

his days in Cache Valley, "f His years he was and were peaceful Priestlast Aaronic of the largest gathering the probably of members was

July died cared lovingly of Martin Harris, at the grave for. He assembled in the history of the Church WHAThood

one of the witnesses of the Book of Mormon May 19, 1934, as the climax to the 10th, 1875, at the age of ninetyobservance of Aaronic Priesthood week. This annual celebration commemorates three, five years after he had come

Priesthood, 15, 1829. the restoration Approximately of the Aaronic May ten to Utah. historic pilgrimage in the their leaders joined men, thousand and friends, young

and spent an hour at the grave of the man who played such an important part "On the afternoon of his death in the early history of the Church. he was bolstered up in bed, where

of Elder 1st anniversary the 15 of pilgrimage in honor conducted was The in his of with a Book Mormon grave at York. Easttown, Harris, The 18, 1783, born was New who May

last to testimony he bore his is hand, 91. at the age of 10, died at July 1875, Utah, Clarkston, he County, Cache where

He had lived at Clarkston more than a year before his death. those who were present."

the pilgrimage direction Bishopric, Presiding of under whose the Members Harrison Brother William at exercises the at the held principal speakers the were was conducted father H. of Dr. Rose grave. Homer, remarks. opening the presided Sylvester Presiding made and Bishop Q. Cannon

Bishop David A. Smith and Bishop John Wells, counselors to Bishop Cannon, Widtsoe, was present on this ocmade the principal talks. Others participating were Elder John D. Gites, field casion and has left us his testimony,

representative for the Aaronic Priesthood, Elder Ezra T. Stevenson, whose father, that the last words of Martin HarHarris in 1870, to bringing Elder Utah Stevenson, in instrumental was Edward

lived Harris in the and ris were: "Yes, I did see the plates of Pilkington William Smith field, as a boy home and who

was a witness to the testimony of Martin Harris niany times. on which the Book of Mormon was

A tribute to the memory of the early Church leader was paid in the placing written; I did see the Angel; I did

of a large floral piece in the shape of the Book of Mormon on the grave by Vert hear the voice of God; and I do

of the Priesthood representing Priest Clarkston, the Aaronic a Godfrey of W. is that a ProJoseph Smith know

benediction invocation minute. All for heads were bared Church. and one The to the holding phet of Keys God, Priest of Priesthood, offered Earl Saunders a the of Aaronic were members by

Cache Stake and Melvin Nielsen, a Teacher of Logan Stake, officiating. Aaronic the Holy Priesthood."

also the High the furnished Cache Priesthood North music of members as members dressed him for Those who orchestra. Priesthood, the Aaronic East Stake School Jordan band and The burial placed a Book of Mormon host as acted stake committee Priesthood Stake of committee Benson Aaronic

under the direction of the stake presidency. in his right hand and a Doctrine

John E. Godfrey and John Buttars of Clarkston, both over eighty years of and Covenants in his left. He was

age, who heard one of the last testimonies of Martin Harris, were present as guests laid away thus, symbolically witlocal arrangeof Clarkston, charge honor. of Bishop had of Seymour Thompson, nessing in death, that which in life

busses trucks counted during nine ments. automobiles, Nearly were hundred and he had never denied. the day.—John D. Giles.

fHistory of the Church.

* * 460WINGS F. By WILLIAM EIDECKER

Mary Brown had a family, Rose Hutton an airARY wakened to plane—they had been and were friends—then came

a thrilling sense of adventure. After Mary's big day—she was going to fly with Rose—M weeks of anticipation of the day and flying is so extatic! days had arrived when Rose was

coming back to her home town to open the new "million dollar airport,"with the christening of the plane, and a spectacular flight in it he had finally gotten the painting JT ROM the first, Rose's around the city. And to Pittston, contract for the new county school, letters to Mary had said that

Rose might be "Rose Hutton, the so he had regretfully declined. "Larry"was doing well. But evifamous aviatrix,"but to her she Mary suspended the washing of dently Rose was doing even better.

was also her old chum, with whom Dave's breakfast dishes to open the Before long had come her enthushe had shared so much: play days back door. It was going to be a siastic announcement that she was

and school days, and even her wedbeautiful day. The sky was as taking up flying. In a short time

ding day, when their friendship clear as crystal, just the perfect setit did not take Rose's letters to keep was cemented by the little ceremony ting needed for the big silver plane her friend posted as to her progress at the little church around the the airport officials had in readiness as a pilot. Press announcements

corner, when Rose Dale became for their noted guest's flight. Mary began to appear regularly, telling

Mrs. Laurence Hutton and Mary had a newspaper clipping of it that "Rose Hutton, California's

Martin became Mrs. David Brown. pinned behind the sink. "Silver foremost aviatrix, had won the

test endurance Bane it to christened. be Wings"was medal"—that And, it although now was set a to try Hutton "Rose would planned her morning's nearly Mary ten years since they had record a herself coast for in to new as she flew about. work did parted, She Rose never had forgotten coast "the famous little the spic to flight"—that want be bungalow that friendship, as reoften Mary thrilled pilot Angeles Los woman and span came. Rose when marked And to warmly her husband, spectators her stunt exhibition with little she'd get to have a ironing although she herself still just was air finat Flyer's the done: Rosmary's organdy, pink meet"—and Mrs. "Dave"living Brown, in a ally her achievement, crowning their little clothes and for the "Sunday"rented bungalow the on she historher accomplished when others. She to wanted look them side wrong of the railroad tracks. ical flight to the Azores. their best, too. never Rose had today But she in shine the would Yes, kept her Rose word, had little seen her four towheads. But reflected glory of her famous chum. as herself told proudly, she* Mary she called always herself their crowning The event of the whole tasks. hurried her about household distance "long sent Aunty,"and affair wonderful that was Rose had

invited her to share her flight over them expensive gifts from time to Her activities were interrupted

Pittston. time. Dear, generous Rose by a little cry from overhead. She

upstairs. she enwent Midway "She have a fortune,"must made tiptoed downstairs. Mary Dave fiveyear-old countered Rosemary, it remarked. then, But was left for had at daybreak. work If Mary blue her big eyes slumberladen. like just feet! to land Rose her on the only children sleep this would

morning! There was so much to Even as girls, when the two had "Mother, Baby Alice is awake,"

be done, and Rose had said in her taken their first business positions, she whispered.

letter that she would stop by to Rose had been so ambitious. She "Hush, dear,"her mother adpick Mary up at one o'clock. "I always declared she didn't intend monished her. "Don't waken the

only hope you will enjoy the day's to wind up her days as a stenogothers."

program,"Rose had written. That rapher; she would work up to But the others were awake, she

program included the ceremonials something big, or, if she married, found, when she reached the whimat the airport, the flight, and the it would have to be a wealthy man. pering baby. Eightyear-old

dinner at the Bellevue, given by Well, quiet, sincere Laurence David and threeyear-old Buddy the airport officials for their honor Hutton had not been rich; but he were already commencing to whoop

guest. Then Rose would return had held a prominent and promisover their usual morning pillowwith her to the little bungalow for ing clerical position, and in a few battle.

the night. Mary felt just one reweeks after the little double wedAfter that it was a seemingly

gret. While Dave had been inding, he had had an excellent offer endless whirl of activity. But at

cluded in Rose's invitation, he was to go to California to connect with last order came out of chaos. Mary,

fearful of missing a day, now that an airplane corporation. dressed in her best blue voile, herf

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934

new hat and gloves waiting on the That was something!

hallrack, came out to the little "If you're sure you front porch and sat down. Out won't mind!"she said.

under the trees the children played.

gleeful the pulling Budwas David nearly WtrHEN, in old packing the dy up and down later, Mrs. two hours

box on wheels he had fixed up as Strubel's cheerful call an "airplane"to show his aunt came through the back

Rose, while motherly little Rosedoor, Mary came mary pushed baby Alice to and fro downstairs, hatted and in her gocart. Trudy Downey, gloved.

who was to mind them, should be "I bet you're exthere any minute. Mary closed cited,"Mrs. Strubel

her eyes and relaxed, then came to told her.

with a start as the whistle at the "I think it would airport just a short distance over have killed me to have the hill blew. Noon, and no had to stay home,"

Trudy! But Mary took consolaMary confessed. "I

tion in the thought that Trudy was only hope the children always a little late. don't worry you. BudBut as the minutes began to tick dy and the baby are

off at an alarming rate, she became asleep under the trees.

worried. genuinely was no There Rosemary and David

possible of reaching Trudy, way to be allowed begged to 3liiI-::,.: '.

who lived in the country, without pick wild flowers in the: v

a telephone. Mary's messages to meadow, but after a

her always had to be relayed while they'll get sleepy, through the grocer's boy. Mary too. And Mr. Brown

paced the porch. Again came the will be here by five."

airport whistle. One o'clock. Rose "Just so I get home

was due to arrive. She was at her in time to fix the

wits'end. Suppose Trudy didn't boarders'supper, I'm

show up at all! not worryin',"Mrs.

minutes Ten a Strubel after one—and declared heart- '?:: big, car, driven gray by a uniily.

formed chauffeur, came into view, With buoyant step drawing up before the gate. There Mary went down the

were several people in it. But only walk. She paused for

one alighted, a slender, khakiclad a peep at the gocart figure in a natty aviatrix garb. and hammock. Then

"Mary!"cried Rose Hutton, stopped short. The

holding out her arms. latter, where she had

"Rose Hutton? Yes."left Buddy, was

After a brief conversation the empty.

aviatrix stepped back in the car and "He must have it drove away. wakened and gone

"But I thought you was planafter David and Rosenin'to go to the airport with her,"mary,"Mrs. Strubel

Mrs. Strubel, a neighbor called to suggested.

Mary from her front porch. They turned to the

"I can't. My girl didn't show meadow. At the far

up."end two little fair

"Lands, that'too bad."Mrs. heads could be TM

Strubel's weatherbeaten face glimpsed.

THE HORIZON IT SOARED—sympathetically. wrinkled "But "Is Buddy with you?"Mary A"*SILVER* * FROMPLANE,OVER ACROSS SWEEPING GRACEFULLY listen, Mis* Brown. If you SKYLINE."THE can called anxiously.

wait till I get the boarders'dinner "No, Mother,"they chorused.

over, I can keep them for you.""He may have come into the Mary paled.

Mary's face brightened; but she house while I was upstairs,"Mary "With so many machines going

shook her head. said. She hurried indoors. But that way, he may have been run

"You have enough to do with- a thorough search failed to reveal down!"

out minding four children!"chubby Buddy. Mary felt a "Now, don't get upset,"Mrs,

"Didn't I raise eight?"Mrs. clutch of fear at her heart as she Strubel insisted. "Wherever he is,

Strubel chuckled. came outdoors again. he's all right. Somebody'11 pick him

Mary's spirits were rising. The "Perhaps he heard the band up. Trouble is, they won't know

airport was only fifteen minutes'playing over at the airport, and where to return him. I tell you:

walk across the fields. Suppose wandered off toward it,"Mrs. You stay here and I'll start out.

she only got there for the flight? Strubel said. (Continued on page 508)

Supt. George Albert Smith

Silver Bulialo Awarded the

The entire membership of the Church will be interested in this important event > for undoubtedly, few men who have ever served the Church have had so many warm friends among its membership.

In selecting Superintendent Smith for this award

Scouting officials showed their wisdom and sagacity.

the state in which the Church was Divisional Committee, Committee organized. on Relationships, and of its Region

The silver buffalo is awarded for Twelve Executive Committee, and outstanding and meritorious servidentified with its local activities ice to boyhood. Only six are continually almost since its organiawarded each year. In the distinzation. He has been indefatigable

guished company this year were in serving the cause of Scouting, such well known men as Hon. and to his enthusiasm for its proNewton D. Baker, Secretary of gram must be largely traced the

War in Woodrow Wilson's cabinet fact that Utah stands above all during the World War, and Col. other states in the percentage of

Theodore Roosevelt. boys who are Scouts."

The awards were made at the annual dinner, in the presence of hundreds of the leading Scouters of

America and many invited guests of national prominence. It is one of

the outstanding features of the National Council meetings and the few who are chosen to receive this

SUPERINTENDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH AND high honor are shown every conSILVER BUFFALO AWARD sideration and courtesy.

As the awards are made the officer making the presentation retion from the highest officials ofTHEsociations,Mutual ImprovementScout leaders Asof peats the words of an official citaElder Scouting. Smith was When PriestAaronic the Church citation was following honored the in cooperate supervisors who hood read:

itself, Church and the Scouting, was signally honored at the annual "George Albert Smith: Busmeeting of the National Council iness executive, religious leader.

of the Boy Scouts of America, May Former President of the Interna31, at Buffalo, New York. At tional Irrigation Congress and Inthat time Elder George Albert ternational Farm Congress, Federal

Smith, member of the Council of Receiver of Public Moneys and Spethe Twelve Apostles and General cial Disbursing Agent for the State

Superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. of Utah. Member of the Quorum

A., which makes him the ranking of Twelve Apostles of the Church

officer of Scouting in all the of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Church, was awarded the Silver and General Superintendent of the

Buffalo, the highest award in Young Mens'Mutual ImproveScouting in the United States and ment Associations of that Church.

equal, at least, in honor to any Organizer and President. of the

such award made anywhere in the Utah Pioneer Trails and Landworld. It is interesting to note marks Association. Member of the

that the award of the buffalo was National Executive Board of the SUPERINTENDENT GSORGE ALBERT SMITH AND made in the city of Buffalo and in Boy Scouts of America, Program HIS SON, ALBERT, IN THE OUTOF-DOORS

Latterday Saint Youth By

fl.Oscar Kirkham the New Day I. A. General Boardandof the Y. M. M.

{Talk given at M. I. A. Conference, June 9, J934)

obligation every his to fellows of meet all man the years ago, of important one KAUFMAN,HERBERT citizens. of to her government life already hapand have of my writers has things of our national are entitled people country of this "The

said: pened?"Youth has been pepped to and will have a government as pro-

"Opportunity changes her password up to such a speed as this gressive as they are progressive."

isevery four spinning world I just asked one man, young day—the or it perto. Right cannot fast wrong as as usedtimes we man The at returning graduation from home

is the like progressed househasn'twho is haps that thing doubt one and if Colleges, he Eastern of one our old his expects of theholder key who are that serious facing probwe felt in really living that were fitflat his in'."get can't to we new home—'He

is lems, the solving of which our it if a or or approaching day new ***** responsibility this in feels day. is sense secure of new who man "No just generation has every was what

issecurity. a Selfcomplacency Latterday Saint people The a frost—it interesting met. His answer was iskills Selfsatisfaction rust a growth. in believed a have always day. new also perexpressive the of and wasit brilliance. universe dulls wants new The

It it the the dream, hope, was was the things of old doingways and sistent new of hope ambition young and it was the answer to prayer by theways become old over night. people—"If it isn't a new day we

Joseph Smith, that ***** it one."Prophet can't survive. Broader narrow "The man brought to day. the world a new will make *****chests foreheads broader to are ready and

replace him. The young man is challenging Today's papers carry the story Brigham Young with his gallant

his ability. Unless he constantly renews his of an AmericaJapan Student Conband of courageous Pioneers faced

vitality and reviews his knowledge—unless ference to be held at Tokyo in July the bleak desert and built the lonely

keeps keeps postedhe and the road mountain with pacing—unless of hope this year. of

to his tools kit thehe adds mental newer a belief in new day. modern Theof systems thought newer students leading 50 from About trade—the the spirit progressive of cannot the newerand hope colleges in the will revelation, States United andeconomics—he

to compete in the afterbuilding."attend the conference, which is held our church and its leaders has ever

for stood the the coming of new the for interof purpose promoting the time General some For day. national cooperation. disThe I. of been haveBoards A. mak- M. a For years of number Mr. Milcussions will polibe economics, on a special attitudes the ofing study ler, the manager of Mission Inn tics, religion, philosophy, educareli-of people our toward young at Riverside, California, in develoption international problems. and citizenship.gion, morals This and ing a delightful sent has hobby,

study included the presentation bePoliticians and sensational press representatives to different parts of trying be to war, but promote mayfore the General of Boards a numthe world, a wonderful making sit in will youth conference andber carefully of prepared papers by collection bells. of approachOn serious give costudy helpful and subjects. these peopleyoung on ing a dealer in Italy surhe was

peace. to operation also held General have BoardsThe prised if the to hear that say man ***** speciala at sessions of number see to the finest wanted hear and a address, of he Memorial one TN Day also discussed time theywhich collection bells of in the he world leaders National our outgave anthese problems. program Today's get in should touch with Mr. Milline believed of he be could whatis further a step in the study. ler at the Mission at Riverside, Inn accomplished. said in part: He I all agree sure there that we am California.

is a new day, that there never was "Under the constitutional authority and Last year I had an interesting responsibility to the general promote wel-a science quite like the present; time experience. I visCity, At Kansas

a fix can we can wage; minimum we contributed industry haveand ited the headquarters of one of our so establishfare, the that constitute hours day's a

many things for the comfort and work; we can publicly own and operate largest youth movements in Amerblessing and educational progress the public utilities and perform all public ica; in New York I met with a

servants; coin by public can weof that this generation it can truly services of other national number moveits regulate and value money the withoutbe said day.""It is a new ments; in I Berlin heard the intervention instituprivate and of banks A proud father told me that his tions; we can even have the authority to of Hitler's Youth Movement,storyin

fifteen year old daughter had just establish the value of a dollar as measured Italy leaders of Mussolini's, Balin labor the or labor instead products ofgraduated the Junior from High lioa'the and Facist moveYouth of gold.School. her a present had made He ments very were gracious gave and prevent can the of monopolization "We a diary feltof told that her and he details their of me the program, natural resources our that, fact in belong

it would be a fine thing for her to to all. We can determine the just return but on my way home in London,

keep a daily record of her life. After on capital, whether owned by the governsearching still further to get in

individuals. or fact, In the con-a fifteen ment of meditation the moment touch the subject, I with quite was stitution of the States United is broadyear father, old daughter said to her startled interested and to hear an if enough and comprehensive enough,

"Why didn't you give me this diary properly interpreted and administered, to international representative of the

464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934

Y. M. C. A. say, that if I wanted come to me when I have seen modwork?"and a Y. M. C. A. secto get the best program that he had ern youth at its best in action. I retary from Czechoslovakia reever heard of for young men and remember one day in the city park quested: "Let me speak; let me

young women, I should by all of Sacramento, after a Red leader answer that question."And then

means visit on my return to Amerhad addressed several hundred peohe recited the story of a group of ica, Salt Lake City, and get in touch ple with his wild stories of govern- L. D. S. boys with whom he had

with the Mormon program for its ment injustice and had made other come in contact, "they played the young people. Yes, the Latterday sensational appeals, the crowd was game like real sportsmen."He

Saint Church has always been built up almost to a spirit of mob said, "they took the decision of deeply interested in its youth and violence. Then a young man, who the officials without question and

have always been looking forward had been listening in, took off his in their own private room were to a new day. coat, sprang to the box and asked found bowed in devotion, expressfor the privilege of answering with ing their gratefulness to God for

COMETIME ago a young man his story of loyalty, "This is our the good work which they had wrote in one of our popular land, we must have more control in done."

magazines a very challenging article these hours of great stress;"and Perhaps it is a new type of mison "Does it Pay to be Honest?"then with his clear, sincere reasonsionary we are developing today,

This has a great bearing on youth ing and his appeal for faith in as he carries our message to the in the new day. Twentyfive leadership, for respect for law and world. His fine personality, his

thousand letters were sent in anorder, he had soon entirely changed educational preparation, his deep swer to this young man's challenge. the attitude of the crowd. It was a sincerity, his frankness, his love of

I want to quote one or two paracourageous youth facing a new day. the right, soon brings forth the

graphs from the answers which On another occasion, at Columquestion from the investigator, have been given by the young men bia University, in one of the classes, "you have something I want, there themselves: when a leader of young people is something in your life that

after America, South from tell having deeply impresses me, rules won't the of you game are changing. "The the Latterday of our programIf read of the read commentaries the you will forit?"comes me about Then

people asked: young "This recent Saintringsiders the in participants and the missionary, from young

intelliit wardhistory, find will that is all you human very interesting, but does the story divine the of mission of is in. attitude,gence creeping This new

this promotion of men on account of their Joseph Smith and his teachings, the ability and knowledge, rather than party plan of God unto salvation.

affiliations, will the political displace Frontispiece intelligence* in gov- 'Humangrafter. And

ernmental affairs is just another name for By ALICE MERRILL HORNE pELLOW M. I. A. workers, we

'honesty'the moralit has outgrown when the hear call of must youth, the accomplished BIRRELL, stageprecept applied to welVERLA the been and responsibilities, for chalasking picturesque painter, whose youngfare nation's people. of a

as in is reproduced life Holladay"Barn "Old lenging adult appeal an with getting older generation has been "The frontispiece for has "Era"the August forall to be problems terrible, excited worthwhile this about immoral, life's tasted the of already extremes emogeneration. Littleyounger they seem do projects to solved and be accomhappiness, death. Out and tions—love, realizeto that it is themselves need who plished. means some want They life, as of emerg- a delightful Veda homea cleansing. are moral the brink on They

of bungling into another war, and if they ing into womanhood, at the time when she for selfexpression, devotion to a do they will beat drums like savages and most needed her rich companionship her goal and the satisfaction of assowas snatched away.send people us young out to do their mother selfsacrificing, ciation with others. generous, Lovable,murdering and to, be murdered.

reflect serene, strong, her paintings happy, I suggest then the followpeace because May want "We we know why qualities. in those revels the inmost She arewars fought. too but I. They ing, know orthrough our A. M. own seizes nature's doors, out of and uponthey peculiarly be in to lacking seem moral it ganization. helpbe not Would color patterns strong become which always is courage.and a There common new

ful to creates her both the center she our around and youth movewhichday dawning. Inof sun The Human

colors. water Bigness openness and show First: ment. let us bring is onethirdtelligence the peeping the over horizon,

expression. art in her so For one young this people ofyoung generation are awake the of leadership our ranks from

experienced subjects: she has a wealth of its splendor."and watching people. of our worthy young own in reveling Ranier, in view of Mt. Born

let create situations us Second: in the shades varying of the color on Sound confused. be not must What We the Seattle; Victoria between and banks definitely challenge can which we

I said that in beginning, the the in the living rushing near Williamette and their creative action. thinking and

hills beforest SaintsLatterday the have quieting always covered around let us Third: go forward with Portland; green the enjoying flowery deep islieved true. in a day, Our new

projects; worthwhile our mass later River; banked Columbia and on this face is thatdeep concern as we

in of the sunshine heart in the is great this year, Music Festival, shallchanging have world we and baskingdesert, living the of the under shadow outstanding an example, with inspired it fast to those divinelyhold in giant Rockies, the Wasatch Mountains truths, the revealed word of God, seems that she has been prepared to become thirtytwo hundred uniting in a glorious accomplishment. painter breadth. of unusual a We blessings simpleour our through

coast, painted the Atlantic She has on these need of more events. Fourth

redaily devotions, our duties and attended art schools in and York New fine centers. build let us recreational

ligious teachings. in This, order Chicago, Angeles and Los and in many

visited galleries east This in a number of our stakes art travels has both to apshall ever be readythat we real need, a has met Birrell's brought rewest. hunpicture here Miss and is allpreciate that enjoy and "honis brilliant the color of produced pattern; dreds of into deaction youth andest, virtutrue, chaste, benevolent, blue deep sky, color of of of the warmth

satisreal in their hearts veloped * * *. relovely,ous, or of good to barn create the old a vigorous combine

port or praiseworthy."and colorful production. factions. Somewhere in your

My greatest inspirations have (Continued on page 497)

The Glorious Possibilities for Us of the Religious Crisis

By ure of arms parleys in Europe may which we prate so much and do arouse no more than casual comso little.

Joseph F. Smith mentirrigationhere difficultieswhile failureon ofoursettlingown Well,"Thouwhatshaltis lovethe answer?the Lord thy

of the Y. M. M. L A. farms may result in murder and God with all thy heart, and with

General Board suicide. Yet who is to say that the all thy soul and with all thy mind.

{Talk given at M.I. A. Conference, June p, t934) scarlet fever and the limitation of This is the first and great comarmaments are not far graver mandment."But it pales before

"What shall it profit a man if he gain ultimately? Even apparent remotethe immediately pressing needs of

the whole world and lose his own soul?"ness makes for lack of attention food and raiment and taxes. Jesus

lull false setends to into and us I ask: of also Again was God Nazareth—who

curity. is sense of remoteness incarnate, it profit gain shall this a if he A "What man remember—knew

his lose the soul?"world whole ally and the greatest own of procrastination. to he said when with Peter—who,

fixes Preaching attention which the best intentions and the most hurling that challenge at you only on a remote hereafter is perearnest desire to love God, was yet

INM. I. A. leaders let it be clearly nicious preaching and subsequent concerned about his nets and fishes, understood during the time I practice given to procrastination is even as you and I—"Simon, son

practice, pernicious salvation and lovest of Jonas, thou me?"and reading that Iaddress you am not

can never be never and gained Peter Lord, said "Yea thou knowof is question thoughtinto that any the resurrection or of events subsethereby! est that I love thee,"and Christ

quent thereto. Whoever heard of a research replied, "Feed my sheep."He said

In salvation hereafter I am not scientist in his laboratory focusing unto Peter the second and yet the in the least interested this morning all his attention on the result of third time, "Simon, son of Jonas, save in the degree that it is an inthe experiment the while he is perlovest thou me?"and Peter, vexed

evitable result of salvation here. forming it? He fixes his entire at the iteration said, "Lord thou

Since whatever comes after this attention on the immediate technic knowest all things; thou knowest

I love thee,"replied Jesus andlife does—the so inexorably—according yet again, "Feed sheep."myto the laws of cause and immutable control—andcauses overthe result,which hewhateverexerts that

"Feed it is, exThere depending was my sheep!"his performance, oneffect under God's comam love—I technic. loving There inexorably follows. was for act God Let himpelled to focus my attention—not present made reand concrete. a but the wander moment from No results conbuton inexorable on

! That had totributing causes over which I may immediate thing in hand and he moteness about that

be presumed to exercise some conmay lose the very end he is so dedo with Peter's world of fish and trol. The doctrine of eternal salsirous of attaining. nets and men. That was religion

vation has in many cases given rise No, salvation is never achieved of God the Father made clear and to pernicious preaching which in by spending one's time with most beautiful and challenging through turn has resulted in more pernicious attention fixed on the hereafter; God the Son.

practice. Not for one instant can salvation is attained by fixing one's But 1900 years have intervened

anyone suppose that from this pulattention on and pursuing the imsince Golgotha's cross terminated pit I mean to derogate the doctrine mediate technic requisite for salthe earthly ministry of the Son of of eternal salvation. What do I vation. Hence I am here not thinkGod. Little more than 300 years

mean, then, by stating emphatically ing in terms of the resurrection or had passed before the Savior's that the doctrine has given rise to of events subsequent thereto, yet I ministry had become so remote that some pernicious practice? Let us repeat, "What shall it profit a man priests were merely preaching about

see. if he gain the whole world yet it and building ritual upon it and

Human concern about a given lose his own soul?"Here is an doing nothing to make life richer

thing tends to be inversely proporimplicit challenge which Latterday or happier, and doing it very pomis pously.tional as remote, the thing or and Saints—old young—must differentlystated care about we it off until put meet. We cannot

things in the degree that we are imtomorrow or next week. You and "\7WHEN God restored his Gospel

mediately concerned with them. To- I must meet it now, you and I must he did it through Joseph

day's bread and cheese are immediate meet it as we go our several ways Smith and presented it so that it concerns. Next year's souffle and from here; you and I must meet it would concretely apply to Joseph

truffles worry us little. Scarlet fever every living moment until the thing Smith's world. The great genius

in the next block may not worry us we call death ushers us to that of the Mormon Prophet was to as much as measles next door. Failseemingly remote beyond about make the gospel function in men's

466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934

lives. No items in social relations One day she saw a missionary go very little way. That is the first

were too trivial for his attention. into a movie theatre. She sumstep in saving one's soul.

Anything that was of concern to marily apostatized and became a Truth is a spiritual thing. Tohuman beings was important bitter enemy to the Church because day's world is concerned with spirenough to have the gospel interone of its emissaries had visited a itual things as never before.

preted in the light of it and applied movie theatre—one of the devil's We are just emerging, or at least,

the strongholds in her opinion. What are hopeful of emerging from ato it. Feed my sheep—still

fundamental principle of the goswas her trouble? She was an idolmess which was the result of a

pel, was reinterpreted for this genater. She was worshiping a fact. philosophy devoid of spirit, a

eration. The very genius of MorHealing to her was the whole Goshighly mechanistic philosophy

monism is its interpreting truth pel and power of God instead of a philosophy of wheels and gears for immediate human welfare and a principle of the Gospel and a and efficiency experts. Under its

the supplying of technics for makmanifestation of the power of God. aegis, the mechanics of industry

ing the interpretations practicable. O, brothers and sisters, to see clearprogressed by leaps and bounds beThis is the essence of revelation: ly! To see clearly! cause the majority of men gave it

to interpret truth in terms of prestheir whole attention. The soent world conditions for the im- A MOST effective way to lose ciology, the human equation, or

mediate benefit of mankind. Reone's soul is to become static, better still, the religion of industry

member that, M. I. A. leaders: the to lose the spirit of discernment, to was almost totally neglected until

interpreting of truth for the wellose the ability to distinguish bein 1929 a great mechanistic structruth of manifestation the tween of businessfare is the of mankind its for foundature—too itself. far truth would and forever Howrevelation. must Truth our tions about—cameheavytumbling electrical in get engineering one interpretation. freshreceive Widenof travesty the if ears, resulting in

ing horizons require frequent rehe worked upon the theory that thousands starving in the midst of orientation. What was adequate the incandescence in the light bulb plenty. And why? Because men

for Moses'time was not adequate or the noise in the electric bell, or had failed to interpret for our time for Christ's, what was adequate for the speed of the electric motor is the Savior's injunction, "Feed my the Prophet Joseph's time is not electricity? sheep."If and when we emerge

adequate for ours, and our grandAll this is to say that recognition from the wreck we shall perforce children's world will find our inof truth is the first essential toward do it through a gospel technic.

terpretations inadequate. Their saving one's soul and that making There is a challenge for you and

world will have so changed that fetishes of special observances is me. There are things crying to

fundamental truth in order to funcstultifying. I was told this week be done. Reconstruction on sound

tion for their benefit will have to of a good sister who roundly consociological and humanitarian be interpreted in light of their needs demned a boy as wicked because bases calls for the best effort within the she stirred her he while smoked, busiis the problems. Thatand be cannot day new us. A brighter

tea. she Indeed punctuated sisters, the ofness, brothers and better bigger and her brought about by

denunciation more, that is theGospel. Even are dealing merely. mechanics, We Oh, Gospel. of thebeauty eternal beings, with to see clearly—ifwith her onlytea spoon!for a with human

truth—-notNote thatultimatewe said truth.fundamentalIf we soulsIt is futileand theirto sit presentaround salvation.with Mr.

believe that God will yet reveal Scott waiting for a technocratic hen "many great and important things"to lay a golden erg. Many worthmust we not conclude that ultimate while projects aimed at the salvatruth is unattainable else eternal tion of souls could be carried

progression is impossible? We go through to successful conclusion

along gathering facts; but one of the while we talk about things in

our chief difficulties is our failure our various organizations.

to recognize that facts are but the For instance, how any local external manifestations of truth. bodies of L. D. S. men holding

As soon as we begin accepting the the Priesthood after the Order of manifestation as the thing itself we the Son of God can sit in quorum are become idolaters and we have meetings and wrangle about minor shut ourselves off from the further points of doctrine the while there operation of truth. We have beare in their community human sufcome static. To illustrate we need fering and bleeding hearts and then

only call attention to the savage have the temerity to sue for divine worshiping the sun. He did not approval of their futile quibblings

progress until he recognized the is a tragic anomaly.

fact that the sun's power was but Feed my sheep a manifestation of God's power

I. A.not God himself. I knew a wom- "LJERE are we, a band of M.

leaders has been given to whom to say going wasan who was—I responsibility the prophet by God's will say baptizedconverted, but I

guiding of young men and women a healshe had witnessed—because in leisure pursuits. worthy We of years a numbering. For she TH uulukauu BtLOW BOULDER DAM

was very devout and very devoted. (Continued on gage 495)

The Religious Crisis

By is a gathering of the leadTHIS ers of youth—Latterday Elsie Tcdmacre of Toe ay

presSaint youth—and in the

give so generouslyence of you who

I standof yourselves in sincere Brandley for them, if they exist; and try to

gifttribute. is the of which Yours possible a solution. I. the of Y. A. glimpse W. M. speaking been havethe poet might Consider the again new many General Board gives said, himself hewhen "Who life are of ways pretoday which

Conference, June A. {Talk given at M. I. gift p, feeds j934) hiswith senting for themselves three—himself, understandhis hungering neighbor and me."ing and incorporation into a new

I am glad and thankful to be. economics, techliving today and in my own parthat with deeper understanding system—politics,nology, science, education, social

ticular middle genlanguage might become increasingly welfare, generation—the recreation—innumerable ineration explicit or profound? of three now working others. occasional misunderAny

older, Of some things we are sure; to standing between youth and ma-M. I. A.—for we have an

more experienced one to lead us certain rooted principles we cling. turity might be one chiefly of

their and a youngerwith wisdom finding Saints orbits in Latterday As we accept the orientation—of to fire us andone with enthusiasm divinity of Jesus goes of Nazareth; Maturity the new system. we

energy. We have both of these to believe implicitly in the restored hand in hand with youth in meethelp in guiding us past our own Gospel as given through the Proing most of the changes in fields of

individual problems into the alphet Joseph Smith; we regard the invention, of discovery, of scientific

most frightening ones of a new General Authorities of the Church advancement, or recreation and voday. To deny the fact that we are as being divinely commissioned to cational training and of many new

facing a new day is to close our speak in the name of God and be?r applications of accepted religious

eyes to the world about us; to testimony to the Godship of truth. If they part at a gate

prove ourselves blind and deaf to Christ; we accept the standard through which youth demands the

sights and sounds so significant that works of the Church as authoritaright to pass and at which maturity an intelligent mind not only must tive utterances given for the spirhesitates, is it not, perhaps, because admit them but must integrate itual guidance of man upon the youth ever was curious and daring them into the shifting, colorful patearth. A party of geologists, crossand inquiring, while age, having

tern which is life just ahead. ing a loose shale deposit on a steep made its own ventures, longs for

With the passing of every generaincline realized that the shale was security?

tion emphases shift, certain probslipping. Most of the party reachParents and leaders provide and

lems give way to others, answers ed the opposite side of the hill in administer education and education change with the changing times. safety, but one, bringing up the teaches youth to explore, to experiIn view of the amazing progress rear, saw that the sliding rock was ment, to try new ways and find

and drastic change of the past cencarrying him in its glacierlike grip new paths. Is it consistent to retury it is easy to see something of toward a declivity which might sent what is found in these educathe reasons why problems have mean death. Looking ahead he tional journeys? Do we strive to

become more acute and less easily saw in his path a trunk of an old discover how far we leaders and soluble by old methods of discipline tree, and recognized there a chance parents might be lagging behind and pronouncement. of safety. Reaching the stump, youth, instead of trying to measure

In the Church of Jesus Christ of grasping it and clinging grimly, he how far they are getting away from

Latterday Saints change has kept was able to hold on while the entire us?

pace with that outside the Church, deposit of loose shale passed. His

and rightly so, for Mormonism knowledge of the stability of a tree TN the religious situation confrontis based on a foundation of modern to remain firmly rooted in spite of ing us today the world finds revelation and therefore has greater shifting surface rock gave him asold conditions inadequate. The

right to change, under authoritasurance; he could face apparent Church of Jesus Christ of Lattertive direction, than have many disaster clinging to that which was day Saints is having no more and

other existing organizations. thus rooted. To the fundamental perhaps much less difficulty in makChanges have come and will conroots of Church belief we cling; ing religious adjustment than are

tinue to come in traditions, obto them we anchor our faith; in others, but it is no longer possible

servances, methods. The Lord, them we believe. Differences which for the Church to remain apart

we are told in the first section of may arise between groups and infrom the world. In their reading,

the Doctrine and Covenants, spake dividuals are not based upon these their studies, their observations and to his servants after the manner of roots. Outside of this which is their contacts, youth makes dis

their language, that they might basic, opinions may diverge. As coveries which to them seem new.

come to understanding. Is it irleaders, let us examine possible eviWhen such discoveries appear to

reverent or sacrilegious to conclude dences of differences and reasons threaten timehonored religious 468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934

traditions of their elders, concern own ideas were defined clearly and TA71TH thinkers such as these inevitably is aroused. established firmly, and remained urging youth to question,

The situation is not new in this uninfluenced? Must we not admit why should they not? Mature

age nor in this Church; people ever that forces surrounding youth toleadership cannot afford to remain

have held dear their religious beday are more potent in encouraging apart, aloof, waiting at a gate for liefs and practices, major and them to question than were forces youth to return from their exploraminor, and have resented innovayesterday? tions. We, the leadership of the

tions which have endangered them. Robert Morse Lovett, in Current M. I. A. must go with them and

Five centuries ago Columbus was History for January, 1934, delearn what they learn and see what refused help in his attempt to scribing the Fair at Chicago, says: they see. A young man of M. I. A.

prove the earth the because round a father his asking prominence, the "Evidences of were abundant corBible the of four spoken had "I received question, answer: radio, achievements of science—telephone, ners the a earth of sphere could and television, the speak of hear where to never was you want airplane—but

life or larger corners. the evidence four years not have of Five of mankind, presence."again things such in my

espeit? promise Disappointment of was insistedago upon her a woman to refused pass through This man cially halls the acute people went to when refusingdaughter in an anaesthetic his son inquiry with the gate of Science exReligion. of Social and The

childbirth on the grounds that the hibits in the last two suggested a troubled and his power of leading the boy

Bible reality said that as'to the should future meaning, doubt had and a woman in Leaders A. must was lost. M. I. * * * life. larger progress of a towardbring forth children her in sorrow their contacts lose through not fair every the Throughout on comments suffering.and attitude! must such an Youth effect to heard that the were hand modern We must not, now and in the improvements had mechanized life, but in order to find answers; youthask

latter days and especially in the had failed to enrich values of living."must analyze and harmonize.

Church of Jesus Christ, make the Their very eagerness to do so is

Word of God grounds for unnecesAlbert Edward Bailey in the indicative of their interest; indifsary misunderstanding. Quoting Christian Century for January 24, ferent passiveness would be death,

from the statement of a late member 1934, presents an imaginary diabut this intensity is life. Youth

of the Quorum of Twelve Aposlogue between the architect of a must be converted personally; only

tles: new church and a dreamer who has on the strength of a converted

"Let us not try to wrest from the scripideas of what a church should be. youth can this Church realize its

tures explain in an attempt to away what The dreamer says: high and glorious destiny. explain. cannot chapters openingwe The

"the 'See if in cannot somewhere youof related Genesis scriptures thereto and the hand, other must youth On see places for themwere never as a intended textbook of structure meditation—Ifind it accepts fact that the admit much as for example, to Take, God. pathwaysgeology, archaeology, earthscience or manscience; Holy Scripture will endure, while the pathways of service * * * with stawithout criticism and doubt; fruit

the conceptions of men change with new tuettes illustrating the parable of the Good is eaten without knowing botany;

discoveries. We do not show reverence for Samaritan, wall frescoes showing Lincoln stars are loved in ignorance of asfirst the slaves; the emancipatingthe scriptures when we misapply them use of tronomy; telegrams are sent with anaesthesia, reform; prison and Howard faultythrough interpretation."*

a Carnegie library; Jane Addams and Hull no knowledge of the Morse code;

According to my belief, to House * * The architect replies, 'This love and friendship, home and know the fundamental truths of dream of yours means scrapping many of books and nature become dear and practices; ideas old I doubt andthe free to the is to Gospel leave one to great value little attempt you'll of with

accept ever get to the church as a whole far that and wide,go anchored by technical reasons. explain Let us the 'Well, them,'answers, dreamer and

knowledge, in search of all else that aren't we in the midst of a social revolution not encourage youth to segregate reearth and sea and skies have to of first magnitude? Why shouldn't the ligion as the only phase of life upon

* * little if it a revolutionizing church doteach. religious Instead of making into doubtful concentrate

* * a which would the kingdom of Godtruths a of bring"contention bone and let to see that quiry; us help them little nearer?'

source of differences, should we not, they accept certain conditions with as leaders and individuals, try to Glenn Frank, in "The Will to no stronger proof of their doing so make them a means of bringing Doubt,"says: than that they provide joy and

order and harmony out of apparent courage; can and faith and

will us to believe given has our hope "Theconfusion? religion, a accept they not up to saints; given great the will to has doubt

One of the influences bringing us our great scientists. The goal of the certain point with the same comabout a new day, an influence vital intelligent man is a character in which the posure?

in ks importance is that of reading, will to believe of the saint and the will to again Quoting from the "Earth scientist mingle. the doubt of meet and deposits today's shale one ofbut Neither a alone man. makes whole that: us realize A and Man"letis uncritical reading. Study saint; faith gives soft us a of the merely blind

printed page must be analytical or a merely blind doubt gives us a hard "It is natural for the young and imthe of necessity to the scientist, but new must be new to husaint and much stuworld. fare inexperienced Comparatively werepowerful—bothit becomes either meaninglessdangerous condior too scientist.manity Humanity owes much to the mature mind to think that what to it is if the world badly would

tions. I quote at random a line or peopled solely by saints with a blind faith dents are discovering from time to time

two from various sources to remind or by scientists w*ith a bjind doubt. apparent discrepancies between the faith

are apt these thought, they it does modern and judgment not In know. ask: by a as week—andday—weekyou of what youth reads day by Modern science is modest. It suspends of their fathers and the development of exaggerate, politics to magnify so and other when and fields—religion,when a all such haveCould lived on we fact their grandfathers great of likewise. learn matter met to must do We on—we before our difficulties yet matter readingdiet of the surin act the light seeming same best and the of must know we

at any given moment, but we must be vived. Believe not those who assert that

*"The Earth and Man,"by James E. willing to hold our beliefs open to revision the Gospel of Jesus Christ is in any way

Talmage. Published by the Church in in the light of new facts. Thus can we opposed to progress or inconsistent with

1931. combine saint and scientist."advancement."(Continued on page 496)

Illustration byCOURAG "GET OUT—GET OUT

Cornelius Vanderende BEFORE I CRACK YOUR

SKULL WITH THIS CANE—GET OUT."

was a to Rholler, novelty old Jake oTPOSITION By A. M. CHAMBERS little keeneyed of amasserwizened

millions. "Yes, you're entitled to Old Jake knew how to make and keep money—a man's privileges—when you

know how to handle them,"Old Victor, his grandson, would not be overawed.

Jake replied to Victor Rholler's question. The old man saw fire in

his grandson's eyes, red in his Ben Ritcher's wealth with the Victor Rholler sat calmly watchcheeks. He saw his own son, VicRholler capital. It will about ing his grandfather. Natural ruddy

boy—thetor's father,samelong sincebullheadednessdead, in this ileges!double it.Boy, Andyou'reyoucrazy.wantMaybeprivcolorin hishadfacespreadand outhe smiledthe angryat thered

stubbornness that would have to I'm making a big mistake in taking old man's efforts. "Can I have a

be eliminated. "You're an unso much interest in you. What word, Granddad? It'll only take

grateful whelp, just like your would you do, if I cut out your a minute; then I'll won't go—youagain."father was. But he learned to do allowance? Where could you get be bothered with me

as he was told. Then he got some- a job as assistant manager of a com- "What'd'you want?"growled

where. Well, you'll do as you're pany like the Rholler Stock Comold Jake.

told, too, and you'll thank me pany?"The old man banged a "Well, I want to thank you for

some day, when you come to your bony first on a huge black walnut all you've done for me—school and

senses. I've—."table in his study, and his voice rose job, allowance—a home—every- "Sir,"interrupted Victor, "I—in squeaky volume. "I tell you, thing."

unappreciative you're "Shut crazy, you up—I'm

later."fool."trembled thank His hands The seventyeight-yeartalking—you young "Yeh,"me—allgruntedofJake,you—nieces,"you allold grey eyes were narrowed to and his whole frame seemed to cousins, nephews—a bunch of

isslits, and Old Jake continued. quiver. The squeak rose higher, cheer leaders—well, go on, what

"I've sent you to college; I've put and the old grey eyes stared. "Get the rest of it?"

you in the business; you have an alout before I crack your "Well,"resumed Vic, "I'mlowance; I've arranged for you to out—getskull with this out."twentyfour years old, and I'm gocane—getmenacingly in ing to marry June Clyndon tobecome acquainted with Laura The cane wavered

Richter. Why, you'll tie up old the air. "Get out."(Continued on page 501)

By CAPTAIN TRUE BANHEARDT HARMSEN470RUFF S Ruff was a dog. Lamar was a member of the

gashouse gang. This is a story of gangs and

dogs and wise men and Scouting.

fl,.FTER school, the "Smart!"snorted one of the policeman helped the raging man

gashouse gang congregated, as gang. "If he had any sense, he to his feet.

usual, near the railroad tracks and wouldn't let us tie these cans on Lamar ran to the dog and knelt

Lincoln Street on a vacant lot. his tail. Boy! He'll look like at his side. It whined, looked up

tin cans Seeing the twisted, dishrag ap-—aAutomobilesstate highwayroared alongwhichthe streetwent Haley'sstreet withcometthiswhenstringhe tearsof up the helplessly, and licked his hand.

through the city. A train whistled chasing him."pearance of both front legs, he

a warning as it neared a crossing. Butch knotted the rope, and guessed that they were broken. A

A few trees along the street were Lamar stood up. The dog eyed lump rose up in his throat, and his

bursting into leaf, and the spring him, still grinning, then moved, chest felt tight. His hands tremair was soft and warm. and the rope tightened on his tail. bled while he unfastened the rope

Lamar Smith, thirteen year old Quick as a flash, the collie whirled from the collie's tail.

"gangster,"snapped his fingers, and snapped. The tin cans banged Then a hand grasped his shouland made whining noises in his against his jaws and legs, and he der roughly, and he was jerked to

throat. A partcollie dog eyed the sprang back, snarling. his feet by the big policeman.

gang of boys distrustfully, then A big sedan skidded to a stop "I saw him!"the hysterical

grinned and wagged its tail. Kneelat the curb, and a man leaped out, crossing watchman shouted. "Ofing, Lamar hugged the animal, shouting. All the boys ran, except ficer, arrest him! He tincanned

which pushed its muzzle into the Lamar, who watched the howling that dog. Didn't mean any harm!

hollow under his arm. dog dash toward the railroad crossNo! Maybe he doesn't know good

"All right!"He looked at the ing, the cans bumping and bangintentions pave the way to hell?

gang leader, Butch Randolph. ing. The dog's two front legs are brok-

"We've been trying to get this stray en—he'll have to be shot. I almost

dog for a month, here's our chance. 1 HE crossing guards got killed, too!"

Tie the cans to his tail."His were across the street, and the cars A sudden empty dizziness atflashing white teeth accentuated the were lining up. The automatic tacked Lamar's stomach. He knew

sparkle of excitement in his blue signal was swinging, and ringing that the gang had intended only eyes. "I can't hold him all day. its warning of an approaching to have a little fun. No harm had

In a minute, he'll get wise he's train. But the frightened animal been meant, yet disaster had folbeing twotimed."went under the guards and dashed lowed. What if the railroad emApproaching warily, Butch slipagainst the crossing watchman, ployee had failed to roll clear of

ped a small rope under the wagging who sprawled among the crashing the rails? The locomotive's giant

bushy tail, and said, "How's a dog tin cans. Lamar threw up an arm drive wheels would have ground

going to figure he's being twoand covered his eyes as he saw a the life out of the veteran watchtimed when he doesn't even know snorting locomotive bearing down man.

there is such a word?"upon the struggling pair. Hot tears streamed down the

"Just the same, he thinks I'm a The train thundered by. Lamar boy's face.

friend. When he finds out different, Smith lowered his arm. The dog "Sorry, now, aren't you?"said we better all go places in a hurry. and the watchman were tangled the officer. "Yeah—sorry you're

This is a smart dog."together. A huge, bluecoated caught. I'll just take you to the

LAMAR,ALL RAN, EXCEPT BOYS THE WHO to have are folks poor, we and anxious "Yes, sir."boy our The DASH DOG TOWARD HOWLINGWATCHED THE fun. have to any gangs our have hard. swallowed "I did not mean BUMPING CROSSING, RAILROADTHE THE CANS

AND BANGING. to, though."When one of us goes above the

us tracks, send the cops home—-if in that counts only thing 'The

."for reason a darn haven't good we is life results."turnedSergeant. The man But before we go—call us the gasthere. being They traffic rethe to his service attention his big backThe man drew

volver. lights. Then: "I'm president of house toughs."

It seemed as though the animal the local council, Boy Scouts of "Son,"said Judge Jones sensed death, for he flattened his America. I own that patch of thoughtfully. "Your kind needs

ears, and snarled and howled. woods south of town-—-down there scouting more than any other.

"Just a minute, please,"a comthis afternoon choosing a place to Scouting was invented for boys in manding voice insisted, and a well build a scout camp. I was on my just your fix. The Mutual Imdressed man, nearly as large as the way back home when I saw you provement Association of the Latsix-foot policeman, pushed the and that gang of boys tying the terday Saints advocates boy scout

pistol aside. "I saw the whole cans to the dog's tail. I tried to work as part of their program, and

affair. You may release this boy be in time to stop you, but I was they have some of the best leaders

to me."only in time to help you out of in the scout movement. They'll

"No, you don't!"roared the what could have developed into be glad to have you. It's after six

I at seventhirty. trouble. they meet now, and Even now, of serious bunch "I saw that

."I find the figure I guess the won't you you, but dog help wouldn'tkids—watchman. until then."cause harm. to too rough didn't any going mean insisted the "Pipe down!"

likepoliceman. "This is Judge HowWhy do you boys gang up

that?"ard Jones."felt smith Lamar swallowed. gulped and Lamar sternfaced turned late evening that Judge like person The a new like play, to "Well, we and—and dog,"hethe boy. "Bring your took Jones home him Judge when I guess."do, we to—andsaid, me."with "and had come sedan. his Judge in big The Judge. the mused "Hummmm,"at the scouting to introduced him boy. pretty like a good seem "You he S. had and Church, D. raised railroad J.HE man a L. like to meet would How interest while keen with officer watchedthe crossing guards, the and boys real mean, of bunch youboys—I the placed first class scouts two stopped the automobileswaved on citivaluable are becoming who splints, legs and in dog's brokentheir in the the then dog put way, r zens

the comfortable byrear sedan, him made of the big Judge's which it all right. like Where * "I'd volunteered furnace. Boys church at just before the stopped curbhad are they?"the care for each and to day accident. started comethe Jones Judge

is troop Tuesday. Only "This Ruff. car, they animal, named whichthe to Lamar, and beckoned

is the tonight, scouts meeting to become asked was climbed in beside him. Then Lamar The ofwho

policeman stood back, and touched L. D. S. Scouts. a member of the troop.

his cap in salute. "Is that a church?""But I don't belong to your

The Superior Court Judge guid- "Why, yes—."church,"he said, hopefully.

ed the car through traffic, and "Then they won't have anything "That doesn't matter,"said one covertly studied the offending to do with my kind,"the boy inof the patrol leaders. "If you are

youth. "Almost got into trouble, terrupted bitterly. "Below the twelve years old, and your heart is

havedidn't you?"tracks, we haven't nice clothes, and in the right place—and you

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934

the necessary fifty cents for memelse matters? But it hurt to drove his head deep into Butch's

bership dues."be branded a traitor, to swallow stomach. The boy staggered, re-

"I'm almost fourteen, but I his pride and take the insults heapcovered his balance, then lashed haven't the fifty cents."ed upon him, but he had been one out with balled fists. The younger

Judge Jones solved the money of them, understood their viewboy knew -that he could not whip angle by telephoning a friend who point, so he did not hold anything Butch, who was a head taller and owned a grocery store, who hired against them, and persisted in being outweighed him by forty pounds,

Lamar upon the recommendation friendly toward them. yet he hung on, hoping the dog

of the jurist, to help after school might get away.

after to be and blow landed on adversary His after being weeks OIX effect. dollars Lamar's Saturday—paymenta week. two telling with problow legs were Ruff's in splints, put

ears his In preparation house, for the Tender- a as large felt nose the county whole by nounced shut. foot examination, he learned the eye puffed ringing. One in were been interested doctor had who

see were Scout Oath: could all he Finally, Judge, and Lamar the case by the

I will round honor whirling do light, "On my my of blotches home. took him

best: to went duty do and everything God my To round. Then and after work, evening, next The country, scout to the obey and my black. block a about gang the met all Lamar law; to at consciousness, other help people regained he When shoutwere his home. They from times; to was keep physically he myself and ached, body his whole at Ruff rocks throwing ing and strong, was mentally awake, gutter. Butch and morthe in lying in a bush behind trapped was who ally straight."him. over standing corner. fence a

Butch ripped a picket from the "You're big and tough and through managed Lamar mean,"snarling said the at nothing fence, poked and LAMAR not I lips, "but am sore stick, puffy his store, in the the grocery about job at It snapped animal.

leave better you whipped. And sticks the it out, but gang found and of stones a shower and and

alone."dog for waited evening. in. my fell it one closed the as him gang about

fightwere you that what "Is about glomin'grofirst, some his in ran "How threw and Lamar had you I thought about? ing ceries?"said Butch. desperate the arms animal. around been at we what sore got finally "I can't that!"its do proIt struggles, ceased Lamar the and boy

you."about saying tested. trust it me, "They to and I hugged a him. sharp Then the me,"hurt won't "Names doublecross won't them."face. his stung blow looked He conwith retorted youth battered since "Getting got snooty you around, and threatening saw Butch dog leave you my "But viction. gilt a joined badge the and him. Mormon boy scouts, aren't you? The The older boy glowered, his fists alone."dog, huh? me, love my "Love all scouts are right, but I'm not working slowly in and out, "Get

."turned on his grinned, and Butch going to to church any to belong

His voice them."away—getGlancing away—around the circle of heel. "Where's Ruff?"

'There's more fun in the scouts angry faces, Lamar was greeted seemed shaky and husky.

than we ever had in the gang,"inwith crys of: "Beat up the sissy! "We had to hold him off you,"

sisted the youth. "You learn Kill the dog!"a voice answered. "Here he is."

things, too."Scratching the dog's ears, he saw The snarling animal lunged, and

'Yeah? What? How to give that the gang was ready, hands upwas jerked back.

your old friends the double ex?"lifted, rocks and sticks poised. Butch pointed at one of the

"Things that might come in Then he leaped, suddenly, and boys. "Jim, help me carry Lamar

handy some day home."

like first aid. And "After this

I'm not doublecross- fight."ing you. A scout is R BOY'S PRAYER < "Sure. Why

honest. I'm a scout. By EDITH CHERRINGTON not?"

And—.""But he's our

"And that makes JEAR God; enemy."

you honest, doesn't If you should hear a bark "Yes. but he's

it, sissy?"Outside the pearly gates our favorite enAfter that, the You'll know it's only Towser, God, emy. Lend us a

gang taunted him at For Towser always waits hand. And furevery opportunity. Outside the door for me to come. thermore, we'll all

Lamar tried to smile When he holds up his paw lay off this dog—

and bear it, but it was He's hungry, God, and would you please see!

all seeing hard his old Give him a bone to gnaw? T HROUGH friends against turn

him, yet he was firm If you would place beside the gate the summer, Lain his resolve to be a An angel's tattered shawl, mar had worked hard for advancegood scout. His own He'd sleep out there until I come—

conscience told him He wouldn't mind at all. (Continued on page 506)

that he was doing I'd like to have him wait outside, right. And, after all, He'd hear me whistle—then—if a man is at peace And run to me—and lick my hand—with himself, what I—miss him—God—Amen.

Reminiscences of part tt Charles W. NibleyJ

had a quick passage across most of the mills in that section "Independent Company."The

the sea, being only twentywere shut down for a part of the family of Thomas D. Dee, whoWE eight days from Liverpool year. was then a boy of fourteen, was

to New York, which was conBy the spring of 1860 my ever in the same company. J. D. Ross

sidered at that time a good quick thrifty and prudent mother must was the captain of the company.

passage. Of course, we were all in have had saved away some two or George Q. Cannon was in charge

the steerage with several hundred three thousand dollars. There was of the emigration and was there at

other steerage passengers, mostly nothing but war talk in the United Florence buying cattle, wagons and saints. supplies for emigrating theIrish. recollection of States I have little that spring and lest my Apos- I think in first saw June wethe inconveniences that older brother be should must have father and

been experienced, except that a cerdrafted into the war which was just tles Amasa Lyman, Charles C. Rich

tain storm had been encountered then beginning, it was thought and a young boy who was not then which made the sea very rough, so that we had better pack up with an apostle, Joseph F. Smith by

much so that most of the people what means we had and start for name, who were on their way to thought that we were going to the the west rather than wait longer to fill missions in Europe.

bottom and the cries and prayers try and accumulate any more. AcOur outfit consisted of a brand

and curses of those wild Irish peocordingly we auctioned off our benew Schettler wagon, two yoke of ple are still well remembered. longings in the month of May, oxen and two cows. We had a

Landing at New York we took 1860, and started for the west. new Charter Oak stove in the

train for Providence, Rhode Island We first went to Boston where we wagon and our tent, bedding, proand from there, eight miles out in joined a company of emigrating visions, etc.

the country we located at my aunt's saints, from Boston to Albany, We camped at Florence for place of residence, a little village New York, then up the Mohawk nearly a month, as I remember. We

called Greenville, where my father, Valley over the present New York lived in an old shack of a house my two sisters and elder brother, Central Railroad route to Buffalo, during that time which was just

James, soon got work in the Niagara Falls and on the Michigan enough shelter to keep some of the woolen mills there. They made Central Railroad through Canada rain from wetting us. The house

fair wages and every penny was and Detroit to Chicago. From was located right where the reserscrupulously and frugally, almost Chicago we traveled by rail to Hanvoirs of the present water works

stingily, taken care of and tolled nibal, thence on to St. Joseph on are which supply the city of Omaha

out, that is, as much of it as had the Missouri River. That was the with water, the same being pumped

to be tolled out, to exist upon. farthest west that any railroad had out of the Missouri River into these

There was no branch of the Church extended in 1860. At St. Joseph reservoirs and filtered. I find from

in that neighborhood, none nearer we took the boat up the river to a Jenson's Church Chronology that than Boston, I think. For the five place called Florence which is six our company left Florence, Neyears we lived in Rhode Island we miles above Omaha. braska, June 17, 1860, and arrived

never attended a Latterday Saint in Salt Lake City on Monday, Sepchurch. We children attended serv- "LTERE we met large numbers of tember 3rd. The company conices mostly at the Baptist Church emigrating saints congregating sisted of 249 persons, 36 wagons,

and so I forgot all about Mormons there and outfitting for the travel 142 oxen and 54 cows.

and Mormonism. I attended a little across the plains. It was here that Our journey across the plains

village school for a season or two I first began to get the least insight was of the usual ox team kind.

which was practically all the into Mormonism and Mormon There was little of special note that schooling I ever had. At nine years methods. Meetings were held regutranspired. On the 4th of July we

of age I was at work in the woolen larly, hymns sung everywhere and were near where the city of Kearney mill tending "bobbins"as they oft and the religious enthusiasm now stands and we heard the arcalled it, some light work for a boy and spirit of the people were entillery from across the river at old of my size and years. Our relatives tirely different from what we had Fort Kearney. This is about 200

in Rhode Island were Roman left behind in the east. A great miles from Omaha. We traveled

Catholics and we had little in comnumber of the emigrating saints about 90 miles a week which was mon with them, although they were assisted by the Church an average of 15 miles a day for were kindly disposed towards us. through the perpetual emigrating six days a week. No traveling was

We were all pretty steadily at fund, but luckily we were rich done on the Sabbath. It was alwork during those five years exenough to buy an outfit of our own ways a day of rest and religious

cept in the panic of 1857, when and travel in what was called the (Continued on page 501)

"....

N, te lip *,,-..

*fc

THE WEST

[ AM ffo Past, "* My /??7/s are eternal.

My meadows have bloomed for centuries and slept,

And bloomed again.

Trails of shifting sand and sagebrush

Lead back over the hills of yesteryear—

Back to the dim Beginning of Things.

I am the Present.

Eager life flows in my veins.

J am aglow with Sun and Moon and Stars!

The Sea is my companion, and the Wind!

My veins are of Gold!

Rushing waters are my voice, And Humanity, my throbbing pulse.

I am the Future.

The trail leads on—and on- -and on.

By I thrill to the lure of unseen ways

That stretch beyond Today.

I am the Past, the Present, the FutureCriste.. I am the West!

Hastina

Let's Talk About Personalitu By MILDRED BAKER

The Master once said: "If thou

wilt be ferfect * * follow me."

Christianity offers a "way"to carry out the suggestions made in this article.

these little talks about perquired if we will put forth an effort MOW what shall we discard, what fear, doubt,INsonality, let us bear in mind to gain that type of education retain? Discard

that character is our potential which will promote the developanxiety, worry, apprehension.

self. Personality is what we appear ment of all those attitudes, habits Form the excellent habit of deliberto be through the manner in which and characteristics which belong to ation. Adopt a daily habit of

we express ourselves; a display of nicely balanced personalities and seeking a moment of solitude each

acquired characteristics which may charming individuals. day. During this time, meditate

pleasant the quietly calmly, upon ofor indication a true personality not be aspects, its various may In in fineness life, see the in things actually character, ofour mental, outlets: we what find numerous may blessings. others, your count Man be, least atare or social, might what physical, moral we emotional,

true, but is animal, a gregariousif fully understood here shall speak more spiritual. we how and We of contrast the soothing only byto ourselves express adequately. only. aspect Subthe mental of evaluate properly one solitude can is ill a child or treat extremely articles will upon When sequent in brothers. his Only or himselftired, a healthy, even attitude goodnatured mental phases. other The tranpeace and can quiet solitudechild, very to apt perhe is be pleasing cross and a compatible with

fretful, ill behaved or rude. That sonality would, of necessity, be quility transcend the seething, anxchild is not really himself at such constructive. So first, let's set about ious mass of confused, troubled minds frequent our that iftimes his bethat but conthoughts a lives to be finds daily form in our

perare our then times. at Only special considerainduceshavior attitude. structive mental How us permit to heightened ceptions privileges, tion, extra bribes persistent and this be done? can By

coaxing, he may continue to use it devotion to the cause of mental to see ourselves pass by.

as a means of obtaining such conhygiene, to the ideals of right If you find your mind in this siderations in the future. If such thinking. And this pertinent fact condition, filled with masses of

behavior persists over an extended we shall do well to recognize and tumbled thoughts that you seem period of time, the adult individual keep constantly in mind: "Bad powerless to control, try the exmay react to every ill, fancied and habits are relinquished, only when periment of withdrawing to the

real, slight and serious, in much and as they are replaced by good quiet of your own room and focusthe same childish way and ultiones."We need then, to seek out ing your attention on one thing,

mately become an unsocial and unfaulty mental habits, clean house one pleasant thing. You'll probadjusted person generally. His thoroughly in the storehouse of ably find your truant thoughts repersonality, now repellent, would our minds. Dig out those anverting again and again to the contotally at variancebe powith his Dismechanisms. tiquated thought fusion you are seeking to avoid.

self. tential his training been negcluttered jumble of Had that card

constructive, he would doubtless ative mental patterns and catalog Don't let yourself be discouraged.

have acquired pleasant and wholly and label whatever of material we Bring your mind back again and satisfactory characteristics and thus find to be worthy and file it neatly again to the focal point you have have developed a charming, well away in the newly renovated set up for it and you will be rerounded personality. chamber of our minds, to be used warded by finding that each time it

Personality, then, is largely a as building blocks in our new enis returned, it has a tendency to matter of education and can be acdeavor. So far, so good. (Continued on page 511)

!.;

The Heal Enemies By Carlton Culmsee 7 ET the wind sweeten *-* The marshmist in the mind POETRY FOR

Of him who gloats because the foe was Aunt Sally With You Away beaten.

There is more fear than joy in him; he is By Lucy Russell Scott By William Sykes

blind. (Word was received from Tucson, Ari- T FEEL so lonely sitting here;

Let all be glad zona, of the death there of Mrs. Sarah E. * And now and then a bitter tear

Only because war ended. Russell, affectionately known as just "Aunt Falls from my eyes. I need you, dear,

Let us throw off the iron wherein we are Sally"Russell. For many years she was So much today!

clad, a contributor to local publications, writing Each morning brings a radiant sun,

All iron gear wherewith our backs are poems under the nom de plume "Hope.") And whispers sweet, "The night is done."

bended. Yet in my heart there is no sun

"V7"EW kin give me some bakin* sody, With you away.

Then we can rise * Ten cents wuth o'sassy frass tea

Out of the murky vale 'N some asprin tablets I did not mean to hurt you so;

Where man fights man, and with unmisted Because, y'see I'd give the world if you could know eyes Jane's bin house cleanin'I'm sorry now! 'Twas wrong of me

See the real foes that bar the upward trail. 'N she's about all in. To have my way.

These lips that framed those words so plain

Wish we cud all be like Aunt Sally. Are trembling now because of pain;

She never had nuthin', much, The words they could speak now are vain,

To a Very Young Love But some books 'n a fireplace With you away.

'N some logs built round about

By Rosannah Cannon Tew keep the wind 'n the weather out. If promise now were given me.

it be wish we could all be like Aunt That But—I

Sally. have—whate'er; if that were One wishI couldto claim mine *V7"OU never kissed me, that I did not

* think, These words I'd pray:

"Some day I shall remember this with That I might see you standing here tears."Masquerade Beside my chair; that I might hear

And know for such brief sweetness, I must You speak to me and say, "My dear, drink By Alberta Huish Christensen I've come to stay."

Deep bitterness in future empty years.

And so I cherished everything you said, /'""NUR letters were less truthful than our

As children glean the last bright leaves of eyes, Date Tonight fall, Less truthful, but more disciplined and

Knowing how soon the glory will be dead, wise. By Ardyth Kennelly

And gone forever * * * quite beyond They kept the bond to which we both recall. agreed j"WASHED my hair with soap that smells

Fencing with words and playing with a * Like flowers,

The stars we walked beneath a year ago, jest, Sat in the sunlight still as anything

Seemed much the same as dot the heavens Nor ever voiced that each of us had need Two solid hours, now. Of love denied because we thought it best.

Am I so altered, that I do not grow And dried it, and embroidered, and I

To love this other as I loved you? How And then we met! For one brief moment's Dreamed of you,

Can you quite understand, who only know space And did my nails rosecolored; made up

As much of life as twenty will allow? Our eyes communed together, face to face; Songs, too.

->*<&&&—And all the frail pretense we thought so

strong And then I pressed my paleblue dress gone. tie: And satin mask—forever Beloved AndBecamewe abothshatteredknew that if or pen I think no trick of word you shouldn't come

I'd die! By Alpha J. Taylor Could ever reassemble it again—

COULD I but wake and find it all a Althougheyes, they were less truthful than our dream Our letters were more disciplined; more Tide of Empire

feel once more your tender, warm To wise!

embrace By Mabel Winter Wilson

To catch again upon your face the gleam the covered wagon held Of glowing manhood—finest of your Western Winds STAUNCHLYits way race!

By Cristel Hastings Where builders of a nation hurled their

To talk again with you of divers things might

Philosophies of wise men, long ago; TT'S dusk along the prairie lands Against the grim face of the wilderness,

canyon pass and forest black as those ancient kingsOf * a star low, Through hangs And Omar—Plato—all night. a brilliant embers yet effuse glow. Whose I see again it seems And

Little trails I know While growing outposts marked their purTo scale with you those intellectual heights, Trails that wind through burnished hills pose true

With you divine the purpose of God's And along some stream Impenetrable forests blocked their way plan; Trails that I once rode along Through scream of eagle and the jungle

Then learn perchance that truth's eternal (Or was it just a dream?) gloom.

light Death and disaster stalked by night and

Though humble, is God's greatest gift Western winds are singing low day, to man; Of a treelined lane, They made the desert yield their brave

And a tiny cabin there desire To share with you your deserts great and Laughing at the rain In trackless forest forged an endless chain wide, It's dusk along these prairie lands, That linked the ages each to each, nor gave (An inspiration you have been to me!) But a vision's bright A passing thought to profit or to gain.

ToBeloved—awalk along friendlife's highwaythroughoutby youreternity.side, Of Scatteringa campfire'sthe night!dancing flame BeholdAwake, the0, pageantpioneer onof theyesterday,broad highway!

Essentials By Mary Hale Woolsey K AY dreamhouse is a most uncertain

AVl thing!AUGUST

* * I could not say if it be large or small, After Death Cedar Tree

Whether I build it new, or buy it old

By A. Blair Sharp By Marie Call Such details seem to matter not at all,

carefree wandering! wishes go my—So

sweet peace A STRANGE about by element, envelops me, BEAT ** these of dreams must house agony. * But no my No ache, no pain, branches thinned by storm,.* Your

I'm free from the thrall of grief and woe, You raise your head aloft surely hold:

able I to to go. go I'm where want praise gods. the To

lilacs in the spring; that look on soft Windows in those not form You I dead, not never can be I am firelight filled bright Shelves with books; sheltered gardens, And else spirit free a Anything but flickering; rooting force your But loves to wonders and roam why Who old piano, sweettoned whose from An heart very of cliffs, the Into

die. are afraid to humans You keys out footing you hew Your

melodies; touch coax beloved may stone, My hardest part the is air Life an duty. You of joy and

at sea; ship of a whitewinged A picture priest at sacrifice a But like is a of beauty Death symphony

fades, never along You stand alone. but swings That * * someone who will love it all And glorious, song. In one unending with me! *ei!g?2> <

ceJsV>- The Gay Intruder Thoughts Wishes

By Jean McCaleb By Lars H. Mortensen By Bess Foster Smith

UNDAUNTED by the hate and venom EMOTIONS that are never used Wishingman that appall, Shrivel up and die. r[EWas picking wishes

A frisky bay rose blooms on a prison wall Hearts that are never touched Off the wishingtree,

A symbol of sweet innocence and childish Soon are petrified. Said he, "I wish

grace, Eyes that shed no tears That wishes would

It nods a perky, ruffled, fragrant face. Are lusterless betimes. Grow more perfectly.

tremble not in inmates the scowling rose dozen A lines. inLipsStiffenthat dointo deliver "I can't

see truder the wishes All in the written "Free!"one volume word, A for wishing keep Folks

eyes gaze, longingly, at the Cold pink bud half the wishes For, gay, are wishing, They Just a scorn does harsh where not Which home Dog rotten at the core."Are

lips to say: seem

By Ranee Wilcox -<K?3(6j3jK>l*—

"Perhaps such prison walls might never be,

If a pink rose had bloomed, somewhere dog is a pal that never sees my faults sometime for me."MYAnd, though I often treat him rather At the Crossroads

rough. all alone, at crossroads the stood as still forgives if he really knew me He HE face; his sunrise in gruff. The be so meant to I hadn't Pioneers the world for unthought no He had

blue. known, I'm a has of knowing when way By Florence Wilson Anderson He was set for a manly race. come have He barks runs when things and He

1/KTE passed their house today our way. But the road stretched east and the road

""Far out along a lonely road He never tries to tell me what to do stretched west, the boy knew not which road was small bedraggled, hut, log gray, Or thinks the things I do are not O. K. And A

best. But, the that it told! oh! courage

A time when I was feeling mean and low; So he strolled on the road that led him

She stood there in the open door When all my plans had vanished with the down,

The desert wind upon her face mist; And he lost the race and the victor's

And gazed afar with eyes When friends decried my lack of better crown,

That saw the future of her race. sense, He was caught at last in an angry snare,

And laughed me into scorn for things I'd Because no one stood at the crossroads

Fragile she was and groomed to luxury missed there

Lovely, yet with a fragile loveliness, To show him the better road.

And yet she faced a life of drudgery My dog came slowly to me where I lay;

With heart of loyal steadfastness. Head in hands, bowed down with shame Another day at the selfsame place,

stood; high hopes with boy and care, A a fields in the Nearby worked man in his gaze at race, set misery too, a looked He, for was He me with manly Toiling hands. with unaccustomed grief he too too, would that misery things seeking He, and the was my My Still his wields he hoe awkwardly

share; good. were

these wrest a living barren lands. from To did roads there the one But was who

Victims of circumstance are they Then he licked my hands and then my face, know,

Starting anew mid the ruins of their past. He pressed his shaggy body next to me, And that one showed him which way

So faithfully they work and pray Nuzzled his head beneath my arm against to go;

That they may hope to triumph at the last my chest So he turned from the road that would

And left it there to warm my heart you see. lead him down,

Upright, courageous, free to give, And he won the race and the victor's

They struggle onward with unfaltering He may have looked tousled and a bit uncrown, tread. kempt at times, He walks today the highway fair,

While men as fine as these still live, He may not have blue blood or pedigree, Because one stood at the crossroads

Who dares to say, "Our Pioneers are But he never quits and never leaves a job, there, dead?"And one of them, I guess, is loving me. To show him the better road.

The Kingdom of God thoselaw andwhoyetobeyremainonly fullthe ofoutwardcorruptiondemandswithin.of the

order us, In truly. is among Kingdom The article intriguing Judge the reading by A FTER the to the Church world, that message to proclaim the president of CanJensen, former Nephi dollars anof its thousands spend members and a Smith, Fielding Elder Mission, Joseph adian

member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, nually.—77. R. M.

following wrote the I say comment: should letter of kindly criticism; or More Talk About the Talkies

"Dear Brother Merrill: A FTER a third of a century, or thereabouts, the

"Speaking of the article by Judge Nephi Jensen, "The country is awakening to the fact that the

Kingdom of God,"in the July Era, you say: 'Where is the moving picture is something more than a casual

Kingdom of God and how do we enter? That is a question source of amusement or object of strict censorship;

all asked and which have which we Judge Jensen, out of it is one of the powerful agencies of education for answer. his store the of wisdom, makes

"The answer to this question is a very simple one and good and ill throughout the nation; throughout

has been answered whenever the Gospel has been on the most of the civilized world. Many a parent has

earth. It is the message we are now declaring to the world parked a child or two for an afternoon in a movie

past. years hundred for 'doing one been today have and

I relation to and faced the quiet prospect of a few hours of in are agreed that I believe and Jensen Judge the question of the Kingdom of God and how to enter it, freedom with never a thought as to what was but I regret that he failed to point out clearly in his article taking place in the mind and personality of the both what it is and how entrance is obtained. The Kingdom child. Many a young girl has entered the doors

get feeling must intangible one which of not some God is she that theatre picture with of a moving no idea feel is, it of that the heart. love True, in one one's must idea which acquainted with some to become was country, or just feel the as love of within, must one kingdom

feel the love for any other project or ideal. Down through would gradually become integrated in her philthe ages the sectarian doctrine has been echoing that the Kingosophy and influence her thinking forever. Many

dom of God is something which we must get within us, that a boy, unconsciously longing for the excitement feeling, is the heart. a say, matter of or of merely to life supplied frontier formerly hazards which The and

is, a concrete, tangible kingdom. however, of Kingdom God substithrilling a seeing naturally, the screen on scripture as the following subjects It King, laws, has and a

clearly indicates: Matt. 6:33; 21:31, 43; Mark 1:14, 15; tute for the Indians and wild animals of his grand-

9:1, 47; Luke 7:27, 28; 9:2728; 14:15 and 15:45. father's time, has gone out to experiment along

The passage under discussion, Luke 17:2021, is given by lines of perilous excitement, basing his technic on

the as follows: Joseph Prophet Smith

"of the Pharisees, when what he has seen actually succeeding in a film, his he was demanded 'And when the kingdom of God should come, he answered them, and practical education thus begun. And more subtly

said, The kingdom of God cometh not with observation. still, adults of mature judgment and sane balance,

"'Neither shall they say, Lo, here! or, Lo, there! For, seeing on the screen portrayals of divorce, imalready unto you'."the behold, of come kingdom God has of morality, triangles, etc., slowly become accusthe place takes expression you,'the unto 'come "Here

the expression in King James version, 'within you,'the tomed to it all and, first endure, "then pity, former without any doubt being the meaning the Savior gave then embrace."After the same mode of teaching,

to this utterance. In the King James version the marginal others, watching scenes in which honesty, fidelity,

interpreis the sustaining Prophet's reading thus 'among'are glorified, kindliness graciousness become and

It tation. is to that Jensen be has Judge made hoped

reprinciples, these his innoculated with and go forth will readers not be imclear that so your enough meaning pressed with a faulty idea in relation to the Kingdom of God. solving to be finer and stronger individuals because

Entrance into this kingdom is, we know, through obedience they have seen someone else be fine and strong.

repentance, to in principles the first of the God, Gospel—faith Boards of censorship have existed in various

sins for the remission and the of baptism immersion by laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost. There communities for some years, charged with the

is no other way. responsibility of previewing pictures and pro-

"Your brother in the gospel, nouncing commendation or condemnation upon "Joseph Fielding Smith."them and with their pronouncement deciding

If there was the least possible chance for a reader whether or not certain films should be shown to a to obtain the idea from Judge Jensen's article that gullible and impressionable public; but censorship

the Kingdom of God is not a definite kingdom never yet has succeeded in raising community with a definite king and definite laws governing it, standards. Only through arousing a desire to see

this comment by Elder Smith is very timely. One good pictures can an audience be led to accept the

of the most fundamental teachings of the Church, good which is in such pictures.

as Elder Smith points out in his letter, is that Now, somewhat suddenly and vigorously, certhe baptism by one having the authority to pertain church organizations have joined the ranks form the ordinance is absolutely essential to exalof the Parent -Teacher and Women's Club organtation in the Father's kingdom. Judge Jensen, izations which for a few years past have been enof course, believes that with all his heart and deavoring to work constructively for. better films

would not willingly convey any other impression. and broader understanding for them and appreSuch a baptism, however, as Judge Jensen and ciation for them. The Catholic Church, in print

many passages of scripture point out, is not suffiand by radio and sermon have aroused their people cient for salvation or exaltation unless the heart is a necessity which—and thousands of others—to

right. The Master had a great deal to say about must be met; that of demanding decency in the

":m

pictures which Young America is to see if Young derogatory. The President of the United States

America is to come into maturity with the idealism said recently: "There are some people, of course,

without which the country cannot go onward. who do not think things through. * * * That

Jewish agencies and Methodist and Episcopal are critic contributes nothing * * * who attempts other denominations which have gone into the to destroy without even suggesting a way to build field, and with perfect right to do so. Surely up."Many there are who denounce in no unreligious organizations have every reason to enter certain terms the vile and vicious moving picture

a realm in which the morals and morale of indibut who do not go to see, or if they do, fail to viduals are affected! comment favorably upon the clean, wholesome,

From New York, in a Church Publication Buluplifting picture.

letin, comes this statement: "A large number of Commenting on the fact that Hollywood loses

Protestant and Jewish agencies throughout the money on fine pictures, A. L. Mayer says (in

country have entered the campaigning against unLiberty Magazine for July 21): "In the Salt

wholesome movies during the past week. The Lake City territory the only way exhibitors can

Central Conference of American Rabbis, meeting be compelled to play Alice in Wonderland is by in annual convention * * * denounced harmful refusing to give them Mae West pictures until they movies in a resolution which points out the do. * * * The demand for risque, gangster, or

harmful influence exerted by many motion picwild-youth pictures exceeds that for artistic, edutures upon the public mind and morals and parcational or classical productions. Of course there

ticularly upon the minds of youth and children are occasional exceptions. * * * These excepand recommends the appointment of a special comtions, however, only emphasize what every exmittee to consider the program by which the conhibitor has learned to his cost. The socalled

ference can most effectively cooperate with other 'best element'in the community cannot be relied religious groups and civic bodies in effecting a upon to support in large numbers the type of cleanup of the movies. * * * Those who are in picture which they claim to favor. * * w It has

control of government and of the theater and been driven home to me season after season when of the films and of the newspapers and of every I lost money with instructive, thrilling pictures other avenue of public sight and information have like Byrd at the South Pole, with humanitarian, the responsibility of guiding their instruments of inspiring productions like Lubitch's Broken Lullapublic influence within sane and rational limitaby, with mystical, deeply religious pictures like tions of good taste and decency. If they cannot Outward Bound, or with masterly American

and will not exercise that responsibility, others classics like Von Stroheim's Greed. * * * If the

must be chosen who can and will!"reformers'zeal, instead of being wasted on false

Interfaith action on the movies is asked and clues, could be thrown into campaigns for the in response to the plea Jews, Protestants and support of meritorious and unusual pictures so

Catholics are joining to meet the situation which that it would prove even moderately profitable to has assumed such menacing proportion in the exhibit them, the problem * * * would sink past decade, and which yet has within it such into insignificance."

unbound opportunity for good. From the studios under date of July 1 2 comes

Regarding public criticism of the movies, Will notice to the effect that from July 15, 1934 on,

Hayes, of the Producers'Association, says that exhibitors throughout the United States would be there is no desire on their part to ignore it. "Withgranted the right to omit the exhibition of any

out this criticism progress would be impossible picture against which there is genuine protest on in this as in any other service of popular entertainmoral grounds. If the concerted campaigning of

ment. Criticism good, bad and indifferent, is evithe several religious organizations does nothing

dence of the important position of the screen. * * more than bring about this concession, their efforts

In the past year the industry has established active will not have been in vain.

working contact with more than ten thousand As members of the "Mormon"Church which local leaders in the joint effort to promote and has always stood for the highest type of recreation, consolidate the movement for public support of we can take a step ahead by facing the facts conpictures of the better kind. Among these sociallycerning the movies and acting upon them. There

* * librarians, are * teachers, are volunteersminded good as many pictures—unobjectionable * * * * * * * editors, * * leadlovely clergymen, in principle and influence—as there are sugand

ers and directors of religious, educational and club gestive undesirable ones. Find out which they

groups. * * * Their judgment has been unare, patronize them, tell your friends about them,

biased, their comments formative. * * * They discuss them with enthusiasm, lend every effort to

know that many of these problems can be solved create in your various communities a sentiment only by patient and unceasing effort, by public for them, and the results soon will be felt. Exeducation in matters of taste and standards. The hibitors will show pictures the public will patAmerican public and motion picture industry have ronize; producers will make pictures which make

everything to gain from every movement, church money. It is within the power of the American

or otherwise, that works for the proper selection public to get what they want, if they know what of motion picture entertainment."they want and demand it. Let's go into the

But criticism should be constructive; not simply campaign, constructively! E. T. B.

m m sp T VERY Latterday Saint const!

LJ \j desert but the canals and the tabernacles and thecalling—"Carrytemples that with us insistently

by President Brigham Young and of the Church, including Presiden gram of

f Education % and Ch< Our fathers needed bra questioning determination an education, technical training devotion to a cause.

"Education for Service,"two things:

1. Training that will h

factory livelihood for oneself m to assist with the work of the I 2. Spiritual developmen

courage, and the hunger to J others to do the same.

Brigham Young Universit

is es important—thisoughly practical trainingtraining in a

that gives real unity and signi cation. It offers degrees in Fl

SCIENCE, ARTS AND SCII CATION, AND FINE ART< Catalogues Are Now Availabl The "\"Opens for its 59th Now is the time to add to your intellectual and s educated young men and women who know he

The Pioneers dreamed and made their drean

Fully Accredited and a Member of the M<

Universities in tk ab. PR.OVO msm FRIEND

ious of his heritage, hears not only the reservoirs, the roads and the cities, the our Pioneer Fathers and Mothers left on!"The Church University, founded

fostered by every succeeding President t Heber J. Grant, answers with a proFor Service

araeter rn, physical courage, and un- d faith; their children need

, moral courage, unswerving

to a Latterday Saint, means

>elp one earn at least a satis- *id dependents and a little more

Zhurch. f that will give the vision, the mprove constantly and to aid

y provides thorough and thorwide variety of fields. More

:alted by a robust spirituality

ficance to the process of edu- [VE COLLEGES: APPLIED

NCES, commerce, edu- > More than 1,000 courses.

e Year, September 21, 1934

piritual stature. The Church needs devout and

>w to plan and how to make their plans work, is realities, their children must do the same.

)st Exclusive Associations of Colleges and le United States

UTAHsummmi SO H O O

NEW POETS

Summer Joys Sunset Thoughts at Sunset

crest the is below evening sun is the sky; western goldenBEAndthe breathworkingdaysof Summertoo long,wind too hot, THEA rainbowsky was scarfrobedthrownin azureo'erblue,her back. THEAnd

Be my brow all moist and dustbegrimed. Her golden head turned toward the west, The valley is nearly at its rest.

My breath too short for song, Was wreathed in rays of gold and rose. And the evening clouds roll by.

hands, callouses rough on myBe attire bright her She drew upon skin, suntan on my in Silhouetted western sky Athere black, velvet deepest cloak of A ecstacy bits are of sweetThere its flight; kildeer crying wings A beauty the world, screened from her And I in. revel can That their cease insects by humming The in wait another peace To night. swiftly of the deepen shadows As Johnson.—Vadesday. first song, of burst birds'earlyThe

The dewfreshed scent of rose, > *&?&>&- Now comes the evening star to view,

The cooling kiss of the ev'ning breeze, GHm'ring as distant cottage light, repose, sweet brief night's it twinkles through the deepening A odor pungent of newmownThe hay, Dear Little Girl Faintlyblue spring, at mintedged drink little eyes A girl clear blue your with And bids all nature a soft good night.

in shady plunge hurriedA full are wonder; so hold pool, DEARThat much

The nightbird's caroling. of surprise, Now when the evening sun has set

golden And all the a mystery you're you know it rains when I turn my face DidAnd 'Tis long day to know—thoughis the western sky,we oft forflower, thirsty like Up, a silent, laughing, or or singing goodget—Whether

To drink in all the refreshing good song? That God's great guidance is ever nigh! Of Nature's own cool show'r;—Marlin Bingham.

Then, I may climb to yon mountaintop Dear little girl, when you're fast asleep. View all the valleysod—When the night is still and shadows are

With I reach thrillmyof armsjoyoustowardecstacy,God! Did youdeep,know in my heart there's a secret A New Day

fear,—Viola A. Israelsen. aims hopes, new Lest you might

the last; better than be too perfect to dwell NEWEach us here? with

of other days and aches past. in the—Hazel J. Owen. MistakesLie buried Our West

rolling the love doesn't trees the winding and rows ofWHOThe plains, Mother A newTo reachday anda worthya new goal;chance

lanes. I'll work and make each hour complete

In the little towns all through the West LOVELY, sweet lady, mother of mine, True solace to my soul.

That makes us like this country best? Nature in her search for the most

beautiful Anew, days come and end

We're lost without the busy hum Found no beauty greater than yours. And work is laid away.

Of the mowing machine 'neath the friendly I pay tribute to my lady beautiful. Oh may I know contentment

sun; All loveliness of body and soul And feel that I can say:

And the pungent smell of the new mown Are yours, forever to keep or to give.

hay "Throughout this day I've kept the faith.

That the breezes bring at the close of day. I thank you for all that you have done Each hour I've tried to do my best,

to sent me here God loving and sweet ways kind hand—Your work—to serve

test."the I've stood I hope will be The men coming home, tired but cheery, you my goal. happy To make This all makes you forget, if you're weary, May you be happy while you live!—Norma Knight.

So you who crave happiness, friends and Mother mine. health,—Leland Wayment.

Come to the West where you'll find life's true wealth.—Mildred Lyman. To You, Mother

is it that tries to make everything -H/ftSWHOmine?

Who is it that makes the sun through the

Our Desert clouds shine?

Who is it that gives me an honest measure?

UR desert has sands all tan and white, Who is it that fills life for me with sweeto That sparkle in the bright sunlight. pleasure? My Mother!

Our desert is dry as dry can be,

And we know 'twill seldom grow a tree. She sings a song as she goes along

In the face of all that's right and wrong.

We love our desert with all our hearts, She laughs and cheers and refuses the tears,

We love each of its separate parts. And accepts the love and rejects the

jeers Its level mesas, its spires so high, Who? Mother!

That they almost reach the very sky.

My comrade, my pal, there is none other

The brush and sage in every dale, Than you, you mean so much to me,

With here and there a primrose pale. Mother,

All through my life may you be at my side,

There is many an Indian in our land, Always in peace may you ever abide

Whose home is on—Marilenethe desert BloomReld.sand. 'AHA. A VISITOR!"HUNTERSTHE DEER HUNTS THE Dear Mother!—'William R. Clarke.

N W A UTHORS

By Jau P. Sorenson

Under the

Th.HE stagecoach rattled along the dusty road while Stetson Brim

"Mike,"the driver, sat lazily in his seat watching the trees and bushes along the road. Some of the paswere all running at top speed, then come out,"Mike drawled, "I've

sengers were peering anxiously he began thinking of the robber got him covered."

about for fear something would between lurches of the coach and The sheriff crawled out waving happen while they were going at cries of frightened passengers. Mike his guns and, declaring that the

the terrific rate of six miles an hour. knew that the burglar was not a stranger was his prisoner, handSuddenly the driver snapped Mexican nor was his voice as gruff cuffed him and started for town.

erect and shaded his eyes with his as he would have it seem.

hand. Down the road about five Late that night the tired, foam- -A.T the village the

hundred feet a man was lying on flecked horses pulled up at the inn, sheriff and his prisoner were greeted his back, motionless. Mike set the which served as a stage depot, to be by an angry mob, which was in

brakes and pulled sharply on the greeted by the usual crowd of men. the right mood for lynching the

reins until the horses stopped. Just Mike made none of his cusman who had stolen their payrolls.

as Mike was about to climb down, tomary salutations, but strode past The sheriff by calling his deputies, he heard a gruff voice, "It was good the saloon to the sheriff's office, finally had the prisoner securely of you to stop, Senor. I thought where he told a deputy about the locked behind the bars of the jail.

that I might have to plug one of robbery of his coach and his suspi- "Now,"said the sheriff, "Mayyour horses first."Mike turned cions. It was an hour later when be you'll tell us just where you hid

around only to find himself lookthe sheriff came in, and it was althat payroll money that you took ing down into the muzzles of two most morning before Mike left, but from the stage yesterday."

fortyfives. he had the sheriff's promise that he, "Yesterday,"came the answer,

The man behind the guns was the sheriff, would go on the stage "I was in Montana, and I robbed small and dark. His gun holsters the next day to guard a load of no stages."The stranger's voice

were low and tied at the bottoms, gold and silver ore that was being was pitched at a monotone.

but the most remarkable thing of shipped. "Well then,"the sheriff sugall was his Stetson. It could be At ten o'clock the stagecoach gested, "Maybe you'll tell us just

recognized anywhere; it had a band began its swaying journey up the where you got those clothes that

of bright gold stars on the bottom canyon with a series of jerks, the fit the description of the thief's of the brim. This man, Mike cracking of a whip and the shoutclothes."

thought, was a big fool. Just the ing of Mike at his horses. "I was stopped back up the road

that minute spotted he'd be hat was fellow some made by me put who stagecoach almost The was up caught his clothes probably these lynched. and on But wear and

it to place the held where was up stranger's stranger's voice in sixguns,"the broke now the empty was the before, day suddenly when again. on, reply. top on you "Come

the a lone around from bend came there. a laig get Shake time a have hard and them would "You a short, horseman; dark with man mail here, bags inside 'an out that to that you explaining down mob his tied sheriff's guns low and—the all there out, come there, you. of you?"wouldn't We a heart great took was flip—there tea able to be if you'll I a so, party might have don't think "No,

that huge Stetson with the up, fatty,"gold just place where the to yet. Hurry he added go with me shining candles like a million

the an elderly got stars gentleman when holdup stopped man I was by stuck in the door. "Hurry up, or just under the brim. and let me follow his trail to his

I'll let some of the air out of you As the man came up, Mike stophide-out."

so you can get out."ped the horses, pulled out his gun "How can you follow his trail?

After the mail bags were thrown and then, after shouting loudly at Was he walking?"

in a pile and all the passengers the sheriff to come and do his duty, "No, but he had a shoe on his robbed of their jewels, they were he risked a look back only to find horse that had two bars across ordered back aboard and off before that worthy gentleman secreted unIt.

the robber could count ten. Mike der a mail bag. "But there are hundreds of shoes

lashed the tired horses until they "It's all right, Sheriff, you can like that in this country; almost

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934

every man here has got 'em on his the poss2 came up and then began his horse and headed for the wide horse."showing them various things and open spaces with the posse on his

"Yes, but these bars were fixed at length started following the heels.

different than any that I have ever holdup man's trail. The sheriff was caught and seseen before."After riding for about an hour, curely handcuffed; the marshal

"Well,"the sheriff assented after the trail led them to a small ranch held up his hand for silence and: "You hesitating, "we'll give you a try, between two hills. The ranch besaid by way of explanation

but if you don't bring back the longed to the sheriff himself. see, I was sent here to get the men

holdup man, I'll let the mob string The stranger dismounted at the that have been rustling cattle, so

I had you up to the nearest tree, and recorral gate and before the sheriff's when this happened, I knew

I couldn't recognize member I'll have a posse about a men could get to him, he picked out my man, but hundred feet or so behind you so the sheriff's favorite mare and on the sheriff here until now. Well,

you needn't try to escape."lifting her foot showed the as- I must be gettin'along with this

sembled posse that this was the end prisoner. So long, boys, and thanks

So the stranger started out with of the search. for your help."

the posse of deputies and citizens After the posse had seen the shoe Just as the sun went down over on his heels. on the mare's foot the stranger a hill, the marshal and the sheriff

produced a pair of handcuffs and a disappeared around a bend in the at arrived States badge, United Marshal's road and the posse headed back for HEN they until Wstranger the scene the waited while the pale, wheeled sheriff went town.

-lC<*iS*N>t- -<* PrairieSables in Seao.O the City National By L. T. come as impersonal to her as herBank, Henry,"I Helen ordered the tailor.

chauffeur through the speaking MacFarland Why he was commonplace, tube, and Henry, correct in line and smug, and smalltown! She could

bearing, and matching perfectly have screamed from released tenthe maroon car, turned the corner sion, but she was a lady and only without slacking speed. doors. She felt the moment when soft rippling laughter tinged with

Sego Prairie was viewing for the Henry would pass to Ernest the amusement passed her lips.

first time in its history a foreign card on which was engraved Helen She extended her hand, allowing built car and speculating on its Van Stratton, with the words, "A him to keep it a fraction of a secsable-wrapped occupant and her lady to see you, Sir."ond while he devoured her beauty

possible destiny. But Sego Prairie with smoldering hunger.

was not long in drawing a conHelen, her mental picture cor- "Don't you know me, Ernest?"

clusion. The news spread rapidly rectly timed, saw Ernest's imposing she asked in tones like a caress.

that the heiress to the Van Stratton person push through the passage. "Helen!"he gasped, "Helen

millions was in town. Many layers of chin lifted his face Wilson!"Then glancing again at

feet angle. to a snobbish His in his stares, hand, their Helen, "That of unmindful is—er since shuffled along, imit waslet Stratton."eyes her stray the of from back

possible for to guide them him call she Helen,"by—Vanthe"Pleasecard fachauffeur theher to vaguely me

miliar landscape. There was the sight. He blinked in the bright smiled.

smell of apples in the air. Winesunlight. As his blurred eyes be- "You are beautiful!"he breathcolored and purple asters mingled came accustomed to the light and ed, forgetting himself, "Why didn't

with heavy goldenrod roused in he saw Helen, he stopped and you grow old like the rest of us?"

stared, accusingly with sudas one about to succumb to he demanded stabbingher memories of Ernest—a stroke. his to justify heat, trying denErnest, and aphad suddenly who

parently without cause broken his The few seconds that elapsed as middleagedness.

vows to her and married Ruth. In he approached were to Helen like "The secret, Ernest, of staying

the fraction of a minute they would an eternity. In it all things hapyoung is to be truly loved!"her eyes

first it seemed as though softened. He did not recognize thebe at the City National Bank—and pened. At

the City National Bank meant an inverted globe were being lowrelaxed cat's paw; he was still ponErnest. She had given way to this ered over her head cutting off her dering the grind of ordinary life.

reckless desire to see him again, if breathing. There was a sickening "I did so want to see Ruth while

only for a moment, before she again dizziness. Then of a sudden a new passing through,"she murmured,

took up the threads of her superlight broke. She felt serene. Ern- "Will you tell me where you are

ficial life. est, her highschool suitor, became iving?

Helen watched Henry's liveried a faded dream. The middleaged, Ernest came alive. He would

legs disappear through the bank heavyset Ernest before her had be- (Continued on page 503)

the SCREENLIGHTS and SHADOWS on

Little(Univ.)Man: SympathyWhat andNow?un- O.)Life: Storyof Vergieof loveWintersand sacrifice(R. ex-K.

derstanding of the vague and quisitely played, but it is regrettable pitiful helplessness of the small that again sympathy is given the man and woman at the bottom of the woman who lives on the shady street social and economic ladder are genof a man's life. Well directed, and

erated by this beautifully produced delicately, for the theme it is. These

picture. The film can and does avoid pictures may measure up to requiremost of the objectionable elements in ments of punishment for those who

the book without destroying any of err, but the errant years are so beauthe strength and tenderness of it. tifully pictured that it is doubtful if

Adults. adults, let alone impressionable adolesfeel anything but glamor cents, can (Col.) of Love One Night

situation. whole in the story, exmusic, a good Enchanting

cellent acting and direction combine to Criminal Within (Col.): Newsgive one of the loveliest pictures of the paper yarn in which a young reporter,

year. The story of an American girl eager to impress his cynical associates,

who goes to Italy to study music and stumbles upon valuable evidence in an becomes a prima donna is screened in important political murder mystery and a manner to call forth high commendafollows his clue through to victory.

tion. Adults and Young People. Family.

Blind Date (Col.): Modern The Defense Rests (Cot.):

Cinderella romance, clean, diverting When a brilliant attorney is forced by and well done. Family scenes in the the underworld to defend a kidnaping

home of a little working girl who finds case he is brought to his senses by the her dreams coming true supply comedy child's mother and an adoring young and pathos. Family. secretary. Not too believable, but fair.

His Greatest Gamble (R. K. Adults and Young People.

O.): Father and daughter story

which does not ring quite true but has The Love Captive (Univ.):

elements of charm which hold interest. GEORGE ARLISS noticThemepowercentersin medicalabout thepractice.use of Queshyp-

People. and Adults Young melosomewhat elements tionable and to the high standard expected of an (Warnerthe Comes Here Navy of treatment novelty yet the dramatic picture. Nat'l) of First: Antagonism two men Arliss is climax to interest which a up holds

of in the service thread naval forms She Learned Sailors About somewhat indefinite in significance.

officers the story. Actual and men: of (Fox) Another story of sailors, with Adults.

all parts. leading the play but navy A an almost central genuine romance.

: curBased on (Fox.) GOLD very Family. good WILD slapstick of Much comedy which some

: gold in of old revival interest rent I Gen- (Univ.) GIVE LOVE Mypicture. like. not for may Children. Not

is saturated too picture the properties, story of a uine appealing mother's and (R. Rich K. We're O.): Again bolstered with scenes and drinking the sacrifice son. with for Written her by Delightful well comedy, acted proand

trivialities much. to mean irrelevant Hotel."of Adults author and "Grand duced. family Modern with money

Young People. gone still live in their spacious home, Murder on the Blackboard

Afterwards (R. K. O.): Fairly but are not able to buy food; and are (R. K. O.): Edna May Oliver as the

entertaining picture of a woman whose saved by a little country cousin. Persnoopy schoolteacher detective prooccult powers help her to solve a fect casting; done in excellent taste. vides fun in a picture with weird noises,

murder. Adults and Young People Family. false clues, thrills and chills. Family,

like mysteries. murder who children. except (R. K.O.): Bondage Of Human

tale (Col.): Weird BLACK Moon sensitive, Story of crippled English13 Glam- G. M.) (M. OPERATOR

rites sacrifice in of blood and voodoo selfish little man's cheap, to bondage of story, with southern enough: orous

Suffithe Island Christopher. of San waitress an picture, unforgettable makes give to depth suspense tragedy and

ciently entertain those well to done sordid it depressing roand picturesque though the allowing is. without

like the type.who elements the of have Many been interest book to waver. Family. mantic

Charlie Chan's Courage softened, but only people who can like Bachelor Bait (R. K.O.): Farce

(Fox): Those who enjoy these picliving tragedy will care for the picture. comedy of matrimonial bureau. Amusdetective tures of the wise Chinese old generally entertaining. Adults ing and Spec- (Par.): SCARLET EMPRESS his gets will be always notwho man People. Young tacular story of life of the and Catherine atin this the disappointed story of

tempted robbery of a pearl necklace. Great of Russia, with emphasis placed Cockeyed Cavaliers (R. K.O.):

Family. on lavish settings, gorgeous ceremonials, Wheeler and Woolsey funnier than

magnificent rather surroundings than less smutty usual and smutty—though (United Last Gentleman The little the the life of on princess is. simple it farce for as those enough Broad

:Artists) in Fascinating picture which

empress. Suffers an became who like these by two. who Arliss role plays a crochety, the of

the comparison with story English of oldlovable cunningly (Par) gentleman Kiss Amuswho and Make Up Catherine.

set his uses things satire to right wits the a few ing woman's: modern on

before he dies. Crisply written and "The Canyon of Romance,"a techsearch for beauty and man's reaction to

well acted, it is full of delightful humor, nicolor of Bryce Canyon, is worth it-—with parts ably played and settings

fine idealism and a sense of justice. seeing if you like beautiful nature unusual. Children would not be inUnique and refreshing it measures up photographed at its best. terested.

Recreation for Girls and willof personalthus resultsuccessin satisfaction,and joy. theNotthrillsthe shouldletic type,be consideredthe creativebroadly—thetype and aththe

Women least of the values are the opportunities social type."

is selfdirection interested offered in leadership, for type and The athletic Ethel M. Bowers By

all esactivities as well as the wellphysical physical of kinds of and growth

Barnes Publishers) Co., (A. S. being, social integration, in sports pecially games. mental and and The

at a time stability."creative in American prefers dancemotional not; she type is

literattention is cening, handcrafts, dramatics, music, Peggy, theCOMINGhistory when Preadolescent: For this

tered on recreation and leisureage, from nine to twelve, thirteen or ature, decoration, cooking, sewing and time, enforced and otherwise, fourteen (depending upon the girl) designing, with an objective of this book by Ethel M. Bowers, has valthe general needs are the same; methachieving satisfaction and possibly recue far above that of the usual volume ods and details differ. The random, ognition and honor through creative

on play. Not simply a book of games selftesting play changes to noncom- endeavor. The social type is definitely

and directions for playing, not merely petitive group play. Peggy has beand often aggressively interested in the

one of psychology of recreation, not come gregarious and less selfassertive. opposite sex; novelties, variety, thrills

just a manual for leaders, not only an For Betty, the baby, rollerskating was increase the tempo of life for this group agegroup study in leisuretime purself-testing; for Peggy it is social. whose ideals often come from movie,

suits, the book combines all of these Contests, if any, should be entirely magazine and radio. "During this age

elements, and in addition puts over a friendly. Alice needs organized physical activremarkable feeling for recreation and Dual activities such as tennis, checkities not only to lay a foundation for

a fine measure of understanding of its ers, mumblepeg, marblegolf, etc., are the future and to maintain her present

importance. To Mormon groups of valuable; group activities usually are health but also to relieve the physical

leaders strain this will of adolescence."emotional appeal and members enjoyed immensely—teamball, "* *with particular significance, for importance * It is of the utmost throwing, it empassing, chasing—all appealobject and

bodies much which has been basic in to her and supply the double need of in planning, organizing and conductthe leadershiptraining the the ing creative of not to provide program Church social contact and skill—development.

given creative for capable, of the eager, volunteer only Creative to its great body weavworkers. ing, woodwork,activities—papercrafts,crocheting, tatting, Alice but also for the indifferent, shy

Beginning with an introductory exbraiding, knotting and similar skills or unskilled athletic or social Alice."

planation of the changes which have should be mastered by her. Now, if Her social development should inentered into the leisurelife of girls ever, she should lay a foundation for clude such factors as participation in

and women it states that the purpose appreciations in music, dramatics, homepa(rties, outings, dancefs under is to offer suggestions for their orstory-telling. Social activities do not proper direction and school, church or

ganized recreation. From a nation of yet call for association with boys, and group parties away from home, in all

small towns and rural communities girlgroups should be encouraged, as of which she takes part in planning.

America has evolved into a nation of well as family parties and celebrations. Mental activities might include study

citydwellers, in which even rural loMental recreation is not especially apclubs; if these are to be truly recresatis- ational they the girls pealing, calities have taken quiet must offer but on certain urban games—anagrams,

characteristics. interests. in their factions particular recreguessing games, Commercialized alphabet, wordmak- ation—dancing, movies, radio, proing, puzzles, etc., all should be given Religious impulses at this age find outfessional sports—is the order of the her. Naturestudy and literary apprelet in service to others in church groups.

day. There is great need for a revival ciation must be presented carefully, but Through opportunity to serve, her

of interest in things constructive rather not overemphasized. Of especial imspiritual and benevolent traits can be

than those which develop "spectatorportance is Peggy's service opportunieducated.

itis."ties; at this time her "benevolent imBeatrice the Business Girl and Ida

The Balanced Program pulsesinto manymay channelsbe guidedbeneficialby a wiseto othersleader thethoughIndustrialperhapsGirl:of theThesesametwoage,girls,do

According to the author a balanced and of value to Peggy as a means of not always enjoy the same thingsprogram of recreation is of inestimable character education. * * * girls of Beatrice is older in development, wiser,

value, appealing as it naturally does to this age can do many helpful things but better educated, more cultured; Ida has

the varying interests of an individual, care should be taken not to exploit been handicapped in many ways and and providing opportunity for disthem. * * * There are endless ways may be mentally much younger than

covering paramount interests which in in which Peggy's boundless energies Beatrice, even if older in years. Wise

later life become allabsorbing. Such and impulses can and should be used leadership will provide variations in a

a program should include activities in by a farsighted playleader for the benerecreational program for the two types.

the following fields: Physical, includfit of all concerned, especially Peggy Considering them both to be seventeen

ing individual, group and team parherself."or over, we find that Beatrice's desire

ticipation; Creative, including handAlice the Adolescent: "A most for intense physical activity has waned;

crafts, music and dramatics; Social; difficult age is adolescence when she has gained poise. Ida is more likely

Mental; and Service. "Just what are Alice is neither child nor woman; (it still to demand exciting competitive

some of the values to girls of a balextends from puberty to about the time physical recreation, where speed and anced program? In general they will of leaving high school.) * * * At strength rather than skill are features.

learn many fundamental skills which this age girls develop such decided prefGames for both types should be prothey may later develop into hobbies erences and dislikes that we cannot vided and choice left to the girls themor vocations. The program will proconsider them as one group but must selves, with no attempt made to force

vide for progressive development and classify them into certain types which (Continued on page 502)

Echoes From Noble Cain's groupsof voicestoaccordingbe avoidedto ageby andclassificationsex. Age Careful"(11) CarefulSelectionselectionof ofSongssongs

Music Class classification to be as follows: (a) should be stressed. The songs must

in the voices voices, (b) unchanged spirit the in of the appropriate be and the 14th, between 1934, June (c) or changing, changed of process(N be secular occasion. not must They

course lesson classification: the music 2. hours of voices. mature Sex scenes, movie, the of love or suggestive

taught by Mr. Noble Cain, of Chicago, (a) Priesthood group with divisions the dance, or anything else that is forat Barratt Hall, Salt Lake City, Utah, into unchanged voices, changed voices, eign to the spirit of worship."

the Church choristers and organists atthe unchanged and changed voices in tending the class were called together. combination. Question by Member: "I find that

In the absence of chairman Melvin J. "(3) Organizations consisting of it is easier to get singers to sing in the

Ballard of the Church Music Commitit is in choruses the ward than of organizapeople age to avoid same Mutual first asPyper, histee, Elder Geo. D. I I ask get conflict choir. that tion singing answer when groups of The

sistant, inaspresided. said that He class different a use other. each with why, is that wemuch as there were over 500 music music in our Mutual work than thatof

leaders in the the various from group like to in the ward. should used We in Auxiliaries Musicstakes, it the thought committee would into can just ask do what we now

call profitable tobe to together them in sing our to singers duce hymns our the "(4) Encourage development discuss of our some music Church to and meeting come Sacrament and in the of organizations music Church thereproblems of plenty. which were it as in the in as participate well Muas PriSchool, such Mutual, Sunday introduced ElderHe Tracy Y. Cannon tual work."Relief Society, and rather than mary

the presented suggesfollowingwho in the organization independent of is "It matter of a knowAnswer:tions the from Music Church Comchoruses. the material, ing knowing your andmittee:

group so well that when you give them

Promotion of Music Groups to be Encouraged sacred music they will enjoy it just "We believe that our first duty is to "(5) Possible singing groups to be asso muchinvest asyourthe personalityother. Youandshouldyour

place emphasis on the performance of developed in the ward are: (a) ward faith into the work that you will touch

sacred music, because sacred music has choirs, (b) boy's chorus of unchanged the feelings of the young people."

to give exalting, spiritualpower upvoices, (c) chorus male or male quarAlfred M. Durham, of Salt Lake

lift. It ally can be made a powerful tet, (d) chorus male of unchanged said: and City,

of religion. We have a gospel, a meschanged voices, (e) girl's chorus comsage to deliver, and music must be posed of young children, (f) female "I want to make a plea for ward

made a part of that message. Everychorus, trio and quartet of young choirs. It has been my experience that

choruses. had we have too many Wething as a people do we should center ladies, and (g) singing mother's group.

angles at different working all been have thearound of promotion that message in "(6) Singing auxiliary organi- I agree against each other. rather and It isamong mankind. important, most

is to to be conducted according that statement Brother with Cannon'stherefore, that cultivate sacred we music zationthe each organization. program of chief choir be the the should ward itsince great has such to stimupower

late religious emotions in the human "(7) Ward music committee to musical organization of the ward. I

heart. Children and adults alike refunction in working out ward music believe that all of the other organizaspond enthusiastically and with decided programs. tions should contribute to this special

interest to sacred music. one. I don't think we have been

"We do not say that good secular Congregational Singing doing this enough."

music, as such are receiving you from Sackett: Charlotte O. Mrs.

is "(8) Congregational singing toMr. Cain not should the for be used

I Relief Society behalf the of "In be encouraged. at least suggest Wepurpose culture. of promoting What are in favor say to we want much how congregational one in saceach song is it that say takewe should do not Organization. the Singing Mothers'of meeting. ramentprecedence sacred over music.

it needfeel a that gives them much We has Church Music Committee "The practice Singing "(9) for congrerelief outlet from ed and emotional the to following recommendations gational singing held should be once the is effort learn cares. to Our home

in concerning themake music Church: oftener, or in a month, either sacrament in parts. sing That and them hymns

The Ward Choir meeting or at its conclusion. is the activity we are carrying on this

choir "(1) is to be the The ward Organ for Sacred Music year.the backboneOur Reliefof theSocietyward choirs."women are

in musical organizationmost important the ward. Other musical projects to "(10) The organ should be used Evangeline T. Beesley:

be secondary and not to interfere with for ail sacred music especially in sacra- "Sacramental music is important.

the choir's efficiency. Young people mental services rather than the piano. Poor selection of sacramental music

are to be encouraged to sing in the Of course in wards that have no organ and special numbers does not tend to ward choirs. the piano must be used, but every ward promote the spirit the speaker is trying

should possess an organ. Orchestras to give. I do not think enough attenConflicts—Classification of should be used in meetings of a devotion is given to this matter of music in

Voices tional character with the utmost disour church services."

"(2) Conflicts between singing cretion. (To be Continued)

Thorough Ward Teaching

teaching offers the mostWARDeffective opportunity of getting in contact regularly with all members of the Church.

If well done, it is the most powerful stimulus to increase of faith and activity on the part of parents and children alike. The religious and ethical

problems of the family are discussed in the sacred precincts of the home.

Therefore, how necessary it is that the ward teachers enter every home with respect, kindliness, discretion, and real interest in the welfare and progress of every member thereof. The responsibility for the training of the

young people of the Church in moral and religious standards rests primarily with the parents. But the ward teachers, by the obtaining of correct information through careful observation and

indirect inquiry as to the conditions prevailing in the family, may wisely and discreetly be very helpful in helping the family as a whole to grow in unity,

CALIFORNIA OF GRIDLEY BRANCH, PRIESTHOODfaith, integrity. and

Challenges the Priesthood Melchizedek to an Achievement Contest.

family In any where it may appear The Aaronic Priesthood that such instruction and training is being neglected, and in fact in the case < of every family throughout the Church, it would be a very desirable thing in a tactful, kindly way to urge upon the Ward Teacher s Message for Sept., 1934

boys and girls the importance of these characteristics, and upon the Under Appointment of the Presiding parents the Prepared by OSCAR W. McCONKIE,necessity inculcating of thoroughly Bishopric

these qualities in the very lives of their children. These things need to be imtheir the living sins,"both frompressed frequently the parents by upon Elijah's Authority people

millions of countless dead, and thethe children so that they may become well established in the observance of Restoration whom are unidentified and whose needs the same for their future progress and must be administered to vicariously.

welfare. THRICE during the night of SepThe mammoth task reaches to the ends

* tember 21, 1823, Moroni, a resurof the earth, even beyond the grave rected American prophet, visited Josand to the world of spirits. The reSummer Teaching eph Smith, Jr., in an upper room of vealed priesthood opens the heavens and

the Smith home, in Manchester, Onindescribable blessings to countless dead

TDECAUSE some of the ward members tario County, New York, and witare loosed, in which work concourses are out of town, and some Church nessed that the Priesthood was soon to of devoted persons expend vast sums;

organizations are not in regular session, be revealed by Elijah the prophet; that erect great temples, and employ armies

there is a tendency in some wards to the promises made to the fathers would of workers. Both the spirit of the

slight ward teaching during the sumbe planted in the hearts of the children; work and its scope expand continually.

mer months. This is contrary to all that the hearts of the children would The work exemplifies a love that aptheprinted instructions of advice and in which work that fathers; was proaches such turn to their perfection—a

Bishopric. arePresiding There desire for of many or thought utterly there is no that the earth be not necessary

reasons why regular ward teaching is wasted; that a day of burning awaited earthly reward nor counting of cost or

more important during the summer the proud and the wicked, and that charge made or bill rendered. The

period than at any other time. the Lord would sustain those who fearobjects of their charity are dead and

The teacher's message should be ed Him. Thereafter, on April 3, 1836, there can be no claim upon them. But

carefully prepared and visits should be in the Kirtland Temple, Elijah appeared there are compensations, a chief one short. It is important, however, that to Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery being the hope that these also may

all families be contacted each month and restored authority sufficient to unbecome witnesses of the truth and may in the spirit of real ward teaching. lock the prisons of the dead. Promeventually enjoy exaltation. Assuming

ised blessings followed. Research of their obedience in all things, these

records long quiet was quickened, beworkers prepare themselves, through

TIXDR God so loved the world that He coming world wide. contribution to the Lord's purposes,

gave His only begotten Son that for the great and dreadful day of the whosoever should believe in Him Scope Lord. By becoming saviors on Mount

should have everlasting life."The Master purposed to 'save his Zion they honor God.

.

Outline of Lessons for Adult scriptures.by Smyth. How We Got our Bible, 1. OriginLessonof SeventeenDoctrine and CoveAaronic Priesthood Classes Lesson Fifteen nants.

2. Covenants. and Style of Doctrine

1. Eleven, Twelve, Lessons Review George'Skidmore ElderPrepared by W. 3. Doctrine Coveand of Purpose

Fourteen. Thirteen and Stake, Cache Ward,of Ninth Logan in nants. lesson this speak review (For Printed that in by ward.for use Priesthood 4. ConTeachings on of certain willing members to advance permission. special in Covenants. tained Doctrine and

certalk class to to prepared be the on Article Faith, of 5. Eleventh "We

certain questo subjects answer tain or the July Era from Continued Alworshiping of privilege the claim still If tions. backtoo seem members dictates to according the mighty God

officers the of to respond have ward all conscience, allow Lesson Thirteen and of our own part. class, take keep aids up or To let privilege, worthem the same men aids, the or workers, the interest part of of 1. Divinity the on of Evidences they or where, may,"ship what how,

it is frequent take to have well them of Mormon.Book is believe in to right (It and our

care exercises class in the but must part of the Morof 2. Contents Book Doctrine the teachings of practice the

that they Doctrinal. taken take up too do not be (b) (a) Historical,mon; not they do wherein Covenants

class is essentially as the is time Scripture? much 3. What for andconflict the of the and land law with

Article the the members.) repeat 4. Eighth or Read courts.) the decisions the of

to Bible the be believe Faith,of "We 6. Declarato portions of the Refer Sixteen Lesson is it transfar as asthe of God, word the Constiof tion Independence and

1. Great Pearl of Origin of the the believe also correctly;lated we States tution the which of United may

of Price. the to be of wordBook Mormon Article associated Eleventh the with 2. the be of Important TeachingsGod."Faith. of Price. of Great Pearl teacher the should this lesson (In

engender a desire, in the members of 3. Compare Book of Moses with References

the class, to read and study the Book Genesis. Fly leaf to Doctrine and Covenants

of Mormon. Teach that the Book of 4. Give information on Abraham published in 1921. Explanatory inMormon should be read with much that is not contained in the Bible. troduction to the Doctrine and Covefaith and fervent prayer. Call atten- 5. Standard or authorized work of nants published in 1921. See referChurch.tion to Moroni, Chapter 10, Verses 4 the

6.and 5.) Other Books recognized as Helps cordanceences on Priesthoodto the editionin Indexof the andDoctrineConin the Study of the Gospel. and Govenantis published in 1921,

References 7. Short Inspirational Talk on the page 297. Read Sections 1, 12, 84,

First Principles Gospel. of the Seventy's 107 of Doc. and Cov, The Vol. for II, by God, Witness New Part Roberts, in Theology, Course by

15, Articles LecturesRoberts. 14 and References V. Ecclesiastical Faith,of by Talmage. in Seventy's Course Theology, byHistory, by Roberts—Footnote, pages Roberts, Part 5, Lessons 5, 6, 7. Read Lesson Eighteen

315, 316, 317, 318, 319, 320 and Pearl of Great Price; it will not take 1. Church Organization.

321. Seventies'Course in Theology, long. See Title to Book of Moses. 2. The First Presidency. Their

Part 4, by Roberts. History of the Church, Vol. II, pages Authority and Duties.

235, 236, 238, 286, 348, 349, 350. 3. The Quorum of Twelve. Their

Lesson Fourteen (Note) 351. Authority and Duties.

1 Origin of the Bible.

2. Discuss Old Testament and New

Testament with relation to each other.

3. Discuss and Explain the Canon

of Scripture.

4. Eighth Article of Faith, "We

believe the Bible to be the Word of

God, as far as it is translated correctly;

we also believe the Book of Mormon to be the Word of God."

5. Encourage faith in the Bible and

exhort the members of the class to read it and to use it for reference.

References

Bible Treasury; Bible Study, page

11; The title of the Bible, page 19,

Canon of the Old Testament, page 28;

Transmission of the Old Testament, page 32; Language and Text of the

New Testament, page 115; Introduction to the New Testament, page 123;

History and Chronology of the Bible, EAST JORDAN STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD ORCHESTRA FEATURED AT APRIL CONFERENCE page 154. Articles of Faith, by TalAARONIC PRIESTHOOD CONVENTION AND AT PILGRIMAGE TO GRAVE OF MARTIN HARRIS,

mage, Lecture 13, pages 240260. CLARKSTON, UTAH, MAY 19, 1934. AT LEFT IN FRONT ROW PRESIDENT HEBER J. BURG0N

Doc. and Cov., Sec. 26:1. Study the AND COUNSELORS JOHN A. AYLETT AND REID BECK.

490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934

4. The Seven Presidents of Sevfine organization to train the boys for apparently neglected. But, in addition

enty. Their Authority and Duties. this important step in their lives. Octhereto, the priesthood training com-

5. The Presiding Bishopric of the casionally reports come to us from prehends not only the learning of the

Church. Their Authority and Duties. various parts of the Church that Ward duties and the regular performance

6. Patriarch of the Church. Other Bishoprics will not ordain boys at 12 thereof, but also the preparation of all

Patriarchs. years unless they have a certificate of these young men for the finest type of

7. Stakes of Zion. Stake Presigraduation from the Primary Assolife.

dency. High Councils. ciation. This should not be. Whether With all of the insidious influences

8. Ward Bishopric. Quorums in boys approaching 12 years are memto be encountered by all young men,

the Priesthood. Ward Teachers. bers of the Primary Association or not, it is of the most vital importance that

9. Missions. Mission Conferences. the preparation of EVERY BOY all of these boys should have the adBranches. How organized and who should be given individual attention vice and instruction of the members of

presides in each. and consideration by the bishopric and the ward bishopric in their quorum

1 0. Auxiliary Organizations. Name the supervisors, so that they may be gatherings and in all matters affecting

them and state their functions. prepared and worthy to take this retheir habits and the temptations to

11. Conferences: Annual. Semisponsibility upon themselves at that which they will be subjected in life.

annual. Stake. Ward. Mission. age. We suggest, therefore, to the members

Branch. the bishopric that in of the quorum Aaronic Priesthood—meetings of the various grades of the (Encourage class members to study

the Doctrine and Covenants for full Training in Morals priesthood of which they have direcinformation concerning the wonderful tion, that they occasionally take a few way tions.) in which our great church func- '"THE* trainingprimaryof theresponsibilityyoung membersfor theof minutesway of theseof timeyoungto inquiremen of thein atemptakindly

References the Church in good habits rests with tions that come to them and how they the parents. important duty This affected are thereby. a in Then, Directory. Church PriestLesser

stressed should be the parents with fatherly by they way, should be advisedhood and Notes on Church Governthe efforts bishopric. Special to ward such combat overcome and howment. Cov., and Section 20. families be should with where made distemptations to develop and howGospel Topics from Doctrine—SundryDoc. is the training children of proper being spiritual strength. cernment andpage to 168 250.

A T the recent conference of the M. I. A. President Heber J. Grant expressed a

Social Activities of Boys desire that every young man and Woman in the Church might have the

During the Summer privilegemission field.of readingTo maketwo ofthisthedesiretractsof publishedour belovedby presidentthe Churchpossibleand usedboth inpamthe

(*)N account of the depressed condiphlets are to be published in serial form in the Aaronic Priesthood section of the tions many more boys and young Era. The first installments appear in this department. It is hoped that those

men are now without employment who have an interest in the young people of the Church wilt encourage the reading during the school vacation period than of these articles by as many as possible. The tracts are published with prefaces

formerly, particularly in the larger exactly as used by the missionaries. The titles of the tracts are "Joseph Smith's

centers. This situation justifies the Own Story"and "My Reasons for Leaving the Church of England and joining

careful consideration and action of all the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."

who have the supervision of our young men. These boys will appreciate some

activitiesgroup that are interesting and JOSEPH SMITH'S OWN STORY at the profitable. same time Such

social undertakings need not be elaborExtracts from the History of Joseph Smith ate or expensive. Suggestions have alWritten in 1838

ready been office from this made relative "1. Owing to the many reports state of Vermont and moved to Palsocialto such activities for the Aaronic

in circulation been have put by Ontario myra, county, (now Wayne)Priesthood this during season. We whichevildisposed designing persons, in state and the in of York, I was when New in allrecommend that of the wards and

rise relation to the progress in year, of the tenth and thereabouts. In or mystakes special consideration be given

to this phase of the Priesthood plan, Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday about four years after my father's arall Saints, of rival designed in been have which his Palmyra, he with moved thatand particularly in wards and militate to the authors thereof into family by in the Manchester, samestakes where many young do not men its against as a character and of county Ontario. Churchhave opportunities to keep otherbusy

"4. in the its progress been consisted eleven have family His ofwise, they be given world—I particular andsystematic attention in a social way. induced to write this history to disabuse souls, namely—my father, Joseph

the public mind, and put all inquirers Smith; my mother, Lucy Smith (whose

Preparation of Boys for afterthey havetruthtranspired,in possessionin relationof the facts,both toas Mack,name, previousdaughter toof herSolomonmarriageMack)was;

Ordination as Deacons myself and to the Church, so far as I my brothers, Alvin (who died Nohave such facts in my possession. vember 19th, 1824, in the 27th year

A GAIN we desire to call the attention "2. In this history I shall present of his age), Hyrum, myself, Samuel

"of Stake Presidencies, Ward Bishthe various events in relation to this Harrison, William, Don Carlos; and

oprics and all others concerned with Church, in truth and righteousness, as my sisters, Sophronia, Catherine, and the preparation of the young men for they have transpired, or as they at presLucy.

ordination as Deacons, and for adent exist, being now the eighth year "5. Some time in the second year

vancement in the Priesthood, that the since the organization of the said after our removal to Manchester, there responsibility for the necessary preparChurch. was in the place where we lived an unation rests with the Ward Bishopric "3. I was born in the year of our usual excitement on the subject of reand, under their direction, with the Lord one thousand eight hundred and ligion. It commenced with the MethPriesthood Supervisors. It is not a refive, on the twentythird day of Deodists, but soon became general among

quirement that all boys approaching cember, in the town of Sharon, Windall the sects in that region of country.

12 years shall belong to the Primary. sor county, state of Vermont. My Indeed, the whole district of country

It is a helpful effort on the part of that father, Joseph Smith, Senior, left the seemed affected by it, and great multiTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934 491

tudes united themselves to the different religious parties, which created no small stir and division amongst the people, some crying, 'Lo here!'and

others, 'Lo, there!'Some were contending for the Methodist faith, some

for the Presbyterian, and some for the

Baptist. "6. For notwithstanding the great

love which the converts to these different faiths expressed at the time of their conversion, and the great zeal manifested by the respective clergy who were active in getting up and promoting this extraordinary scene of religious feeling, in order to have everybody converted, as they were pleased to call—yetit, let themwhenjointhe whatconvertssect beganthey pleasedto file

off, some to one party and some to another, it was seen that the seemingly good feelings of both the priests and the converts were more pretended than real; for a scene of great confusion and bad feeling ensued; priest

contending against priest, and convertagainst convert; so that all their good OLD FORT HALL

feelings one for another, if they ever first part of August, Idaho will United States'gaining possession ofhad any, were entirely lost in a strife THEcelebrate at Pocatello, the one California and the Northwest. Here

of words and a contest about opinions. hundredth anniversary of the the first sermon and flag raising in

for place, years hence took and Hall. Idaho This of Fort founding "7. fifthis I was time in my the along post haven and the was a guide historic spot, located Snake on year. teenth father's family was Myat

the emigrants trek preswhere westward the miles of fourteen River westproselyted to the faith, Presbyterian

history. the Oregon country as their future a point of in American turning mother, Lucy; my brothandnamely—myfour of them joined that church, ent Fort Hall Agency, was the scene often decided between California and It of home. built was Wyeth by Nathaniel Harrison; Samuel ers Hyrum and and

my sister Sophronia. Boston in 1834 as a trading post, but The historic drama of the past one

the reenacted at years will be hundred the in big factor a eventually became "8. this time During great of exCentennial. celebration of the The citement, called mind to was my up the will Indian events be preliminary

serious reflection great uneasiness; and begin will July 31 which Dance Sun Doniphan but though feelings deep were and my a days, three for continue and and often still I poignant, kept myself aloof Fox Ruth By May all timers"reception public "old for

all from these parties, I though attended 4th. Sunday, August on on Then lightly often in a So name? their several as meetings as often ocWHAT'S real will th, celebration the 5 August asked casion permit. would In process of the Lee""Jason begin sermon with it the of not though were worthy As time mind became parmy somewhat a. delivered at Ferry m. being 7:30 on task tial to the sect, I Methodist felt and

e'en consideration, one's Butte, a near followed then Blackfoot, thought Of desire some to united be with them; great yet marvels one what services special in Name the Pocatello And by great so but the were confusion and hath wrought! the churches. of afternoon same The strife different the among denominaHall cornerstone the the Fort day, of the In stream looking through backward tions, it that impossible was for a perlaid, will as a be Replica and time, museum, of

I son as young was, so and unacquainthist'ry that the doth names you Mark later evening, in the afternoon and two ed with things, and to men to come entwine renditions Oratorio, the Creof "The certain any conclusion right was who letters rhetoric bold, flowers of and With presented. will be ation"August On and wrong. was who Disclosing should deeds which memory 8th, will 6, 7, the be and mornings

hold. "9. at times mind greatly was My talks historical to eminent devoted by

excited, the cry and tumult were so As stars shine out from straying, rifting historians and lecturers, followed at great and incessant. The Presbyterians cloud noon by parades. The afternoons will

were most decided against the Baptists Then hide again behind the fleecy be devoted to entertainments and proshroud, Methodists, and all and used the powers fessional stunts, a each evening and that should be honored names Some either of reason or sophistry to prove depicting pageant, pass magnificent the high from their errors, or, at least, to the make lights history, of western Idaho and trivial a reveals their light. Until word people think they in error. were On presented. will be sight***** the other hand, the Baptists and Methcivic fraternal hundred one to fame, one of military About Honor

odists in their turn were equally zealous With fervent gratitude we speak his and religious organizations of southern in endeavoring to establish their own name, Idaho are cooperating to put this celetenets and disprove all others. Whose tow'ring speech forbade the vicious bration on, for it will require over two

"10. In the this midst of people thousands thousand and war many of Whostrife words and tumult of opinions, I dollars. five yielded self and saved a prophet's of amphitheater often of An life.

said myself, to is to seats, be stage four thousand What a done? hunand

Who of all these parties are right; or, He, Doniphan, who dared to disobey dred feet long will be erected on the

order, general's fray, His the denounce are all they together? wrong the University events campus, where If any

the dishonor throng, and murd'rous of one them all, be right, place. which is it, will take Hall Fort In and Defy Cen- a place Deserves the brave and among shall it? how I know celebration tennial promises the to be strong.

(To be Continued) biggest attraction ever held in Idaho.

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934

Branch Royalty. 1. Spokane Gold and Green Lehi S. Stake Banquet. M MenGleaner Sevier 13. South Stake Banquet. M MenGleaner

Cal,, Bakersfield, Queen of Ball. 2. Gold and Green 9. Panguiteh Stake Gold and Green Site Ball Queen and 14. Utah Stake Camp, Provo Canyon. for Summer Joseph St. 3. Gold and Stake Green Queen and Maids. Attendants.

4. Charleston, Gold and Green Ball. 10. Provo Fourth Ward West Va., M. I. A. Officers and 15. BoiseParty. Stake, Weiser Ward, Gleaner Oldfashioned Cast. 5. SwissGerman Mission Girls. Drama Junior

6. Shelley Stake Junior Girls'Spring Festival. 11. Snowflake Stake Music Festival. 16. Picture with no writeup; please tell us who

7. Salt Lake 14th Ward ScoutBee- Hive Operetta 12. Pontypool, So. Wales, Gold and Green Ball; you are!

Cast. inset, Queen of Ball. 17. Union Stake Gold and Green Queen and Attendants.

lit

iSmMmm?M

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

M. I. A. Y. M. SOSALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W.MAYM. I.FOX,A. GEORGE SMITH, ALBERT CANNON, LUCY GRANT R. RICHARD LYMAN, CLARISSA Offices Y. M. I. A. General W. BALLARD, MELVIN ELSIE A.HOGANBEESLEY, A.J. BUILDING OSCAR KIRKHAM Secretary Executive Executive Secretary UTAH SALT33 BISHOP'S LAKE CITY,

iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilllllliiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiimiimiimiiiiiinmiiiiiiimimiiminm mtimiiiiiiiiiiiiiwiiiiii iiiitiiniimtiiiiiiiimimiiiiinm in mum Minium

M. I. A. Activities mostactivitiessuccessfulof the climaxseason. to the M. f. A. mentalfriends, purposeand declaredof the heballknewwas tothismakeob-

1. The Spokane Branch Gold and 8. The annual M MenGleaner jective had been attained. He comGreen Ball was held in a hall decorated Banquet of the Lehi Stake was a most plimented the "Mormon"people for

with the M. I. A. colors, and featured charming affair and much credit is due their honesty, and said he was pleased

a demonstration dance and the crownthose in charge. Attractive tables, with at the work members of the Church

ing of the Queen who was attired beaulovely place cards and favors formed are doing in Merthyr Tydfil. "Moris recand more more being setting for a delightful and monism"program tifully in white, A large group made a

re- a ognized as of world movement a dancing meal, delicious followed by affair the a real success.

said. markable he power, party.

2. delightful the Gold Most was 13. Banquet South MenGleaner 9. Stake and Panguitch North The M Bakersfield Ball of the Greenand the Sevier atStake of the outstanding South of held was one wards in decorated theBranch, the colors of tended occathe than their calendar more young by 200 in on events men

I. exhibition presenting A. an andM.

Ball. theme, their and Green Race women. and sion The of "The Gold adance, the march, grand Queen and Life,"effectively carried in the of Queen, setting of for throne was the out The evening, theof elaborately and gowned the atat- at program. meal the and of the good Queens and march Aattended of maids honor. by The M tractive tables, fine beautiful, a artistic a program were tendants and and

the of BanquetMenGleaner Branch social affair the evening the dance made capacity a voted most crowd and lovely another awas event, spring delightful. successful. most

at beingprogram given the flowerdecked tables and the latter part of the 10. The officers of the M. I. A. in 14. Utah Stake has the site for a

evening being spent in dancing. the Charleston Branch (West Virginia) new summer camp, and work is going

the past of the have enjoyed It is work that anticipated on apace. much

heartily. Girls 3. The St. Joseph Stake Gold and season Junior of the joy will attend the project, and blessing

BallGreen sucof the one was most the officers) (pictured with Branch was the The picture taken when 2nd cessful ever events staged in the stake, at waitresses were the AdultSenior served dinner to of Provo Ward enthusiastican the becrowd's enjoyment at in spring, the held Banquet which the building. workmen on

ing eloquent of the delight shared by there attendance of was 63, an and 15. Gleaner oldfashioned The

all. the affair to of one which was be party of the Weiser Boise Stake, Ward,

4. One of the smartest functions of proud. was an event long to be remembered,

the spring social season was the Gold 1 1. The accompanying picture is both for the pleasure experienced by

and Green Ball given by the 4th Ward of the Snowflake Stake Music Festival those in attendance and the appearance of Provo. Charming decorations, a Chorus, which had a writeup in the of the costumes of another day.

lovely orchestra and special features April Era. 16. Every now and then a picture

combined to create an almost perfect 12. The first annual Gold and is sent in to the Era office with a writeaffair, enjoyed by many. Green Ball held in Pontypool, South up but no story or name is on the

5. Of great interest in the history Wales, proved to be a huge success. photograph, and if by chance the two

of M. I. A. in the SwissGerman misThe idea is rather new to the people become separated there is nothing to

sion was the play "Und ich habe noch of the district and the affair attracted explain the picture. No. 16 is suchandre Schafe—"(And I Have Other considerable attention, the local papers an unidentified photograph. Won't

Sheep) written by Elder Albert A. running two articles and illustrations someone who recognizes it please write

Pieper especially for the spring conconcerning it. "We were able to make and tell the Era who and what it is?

ference of the Basle district of the misnew friends through it and to break 17. The Gold and Green Ball of

sion. The play, based on a Book of down much of the prejudice which Union Stake presented one problem

Mormon theme, was prepared and prehas existed so that we were able to how to make room for the crowd.

sented in a most effective way. Many open up a new field of labor in PontyEight hundred people assembled this

requests were received for a repetition pool,"writes Horace L. Hulme, and year to participate; the local press

of the play, and this was given the President Frank R. Bennett of the called it "the event of the season."

following Tuesday in place of the regWelch district informing us that: Six queens with their attendants repreular M. I. A. meeting. The Mayor and Mayoress of Mersented all that was fine and beautiful

6. Ninetysix girls out of a possible thyr Tydfil, Wales, were among the in M. I. A.

hundred and three were present at the more than 300 members and friends Oakley, Idaho, reports unusual sucJunior Girls'Spring Festival of the who attended. cess in their drama program last spring.

Shelly Stake, which was carried out During the evening His Worship the It is to be hoped that next year will with a circus motif and a gay, deMayor crowned Sister Ivy Forward see even greater accomplishments along lightful time had by all. Queen of the Ball. She was surrounded this line.

7. Boy Scouts and BeeHive Girls by eight lovely attendants. Miss ForThe New York District held a

of the 14th Ward, Salt Lake Stake, ward is a member of the Pontypool Spring Frolic as a windup to the year's presented "Betty Lou, the Dream Branch. activities, at which they featured an

Girl,"an operetta to an unusually In his address the mayor explained oldfashioned Waltz contest, danced large audience, and the affair was a to the large audience that the fundato "Springtime in the Rockies."The

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934

prizes were autographed copies of "The should develop a keen perception as to "11. And Jesus said unto them: How

Art of Social Dancing,"by Mr. Lawwhat should be recorded so that their be it that ye have not written this thing,

will the records with not be filled Hostettler,rence judged who things manythat manyand saintsdid ministerdid ariseuntoand appearthem? unto that are not essential. Let in attendance from me suggestdance. Guests were

it "12. to pass that Nephi came And little their early to secretaries a that be miles. forty distancea of

this that thing been remembered not had deliver to that they can so meetings Hollywood Lankershim Ward, written.

all give necessary teachers, to blanks the their success Senior inStake, writes of "13. it to pass that Jesus came And each the information from needed class in study anddepartment, both that written; it should be commanded

will secretaries class; also, the be thenactivity. latter featured a Trip The it therefore as written according he was

there ready Ball, a the Valentine World,Around to take down the minutes commanded."—3 Nephi 24:7-13. the meetings. of to supper, the comwhicha "Heinz"

pany named donated most of the food It is characteristic of civilized na- A careful study of the scriptures re- (through the efforts of a member of tions to preserve the thoughts and deeds veals the fact that from the days of the class, employed by the Heinz orof their people so that future generaAdam records have been kept.

ganization), and a beach party. They tions may have the benefit of their I sincerely hope that these few

are looking forward to next year. experience and knowledge; you secreremarks may stimulate you all to retaries should preserve your records in member your duties. May I again imof the need minds press your upon

neatly,Sunday Evening Joint orderbe ablethatto thoseknowwhojust succeedwhat hasyoutakenmay accurately, records your keeping

Program for September place up to the time they enter office. and recording the events at the time of

PHIS Sunday evening program is to So important is this matter of retheir happening. May God bless you

the said to Prophet cording * that God spirit of record keepgive the you and officers entirely up by ward be made "Be- 6, 1830, Smith on April ing. A. Lund. Wm. it fit Josephin order that they make may

especially the needs of their various hold there shall be a record kept among this there to that day you."From I. proin thewards introducing A. M. to the Work Month record Month Church kept a been has by My year. effort the be for shouldgram An

tranhas event that important every of preto the well havemade program assostake a for record our book "CTOR a it. gave the in Lehi spired Lord To the as give presented topared so and I leaf loose with a ciation use book to his sons back to send commandment start. excellent seasonMutual an first—-a divisions: comthe following plates, get brass the which to Jerusalem reading, and dramatic the Music, of roll weekly plete our minute and history of the of account contained an assist called tothe be story upon may record meetings; stake board the its to creation next-—a the down world from significant. meeting thein making A all board stake of appointments of the Prophet. Laban Jeremiah time of to forth effort bespecial should put a different to then wards; the members killed plates these the of was keeper the of large attendance aencourage roll of monthly minute complete and be brought records these that might so membership.ward I this Following stake conventions. points to Lehi. of Book Mormon The

is: year for the slogan "By The My all socials a stake record and of keep Zarahemla, of the people who out how

I AllegianceActions Will Prove My inalso contests. department This Mulek, had descendants the of were

to the Church."all writeclippings or cludes newspaper tradition into idolatry but had and gone the It cooperto seek be well might activities. stake Next of ups ward and nothing to guide them. knew They take haveation the Bishops of them and all I file letter I in a have which have Christ. Jesus or of They His Son God might the program.part They on also letters the General Board, from difunbelief. in perished had How officers be mightintroduce or they the a.ll letters questionnaires copies of on knew, ferent Nephites the were who in of support say to somethinginduced Board; to sent the our from wards out the history the of on through means the thisthe meeting program. At least, direclast, sort a of but not and dealt plates, with brass had how God rebriefly bevarious might manuals is officers. all tory made This of ward to himself revealed people His and books courseviewed, the reading or first year at and the mutual of our up them.

suggested.might be officers. is all given a to board copy records even kept Nephites The that feels confident committee The I reports. a about their hisword to engrave Now had they though a to officers able will be makeward to like stake suggest the to should their protected metal. They tory upon during give impetus will thatprogram their receive secretaries that they when history their by contained plates which

I. work. to the A. entirethe year M. distribute to to report blanks monthly hills them moving in and hiding them

from place to place to keep the Lathe wards that they suggest to the ward

The Importance and Method manites from destroying them. secretary to fasten them in the ward

of Record Keeping of Anotherrecord keepingexampleis ofshownthe importancewhen our rollwill notand beminutelost andbookmaysobe thattakentheyto

From June Conference Savior was among the Nephites after the last meeting in the month when all

His resurrection. He called Nephi to reports should be made out. In this

is imsecretary an office a of"THE secretaries receive will stake them way said: and him

the are because you time. one * portant have on ye record which the forth "Bring all things history of therecorders of thoughts leave I like to two would kept. association. to Uppertaining in your procrastinate not you. with Do "8. brought had Nephi when And of responsibility rests theon prayeryou and humble be and your work before laid records, them the and forth

recording the changes that occur him, he cast his eyes upon them and said: ful. This I ask in all sincerity.-

among the officers and teachers; "9. Verily I say unto you, I commandWallace I. Secrist.

the time and place of meetings; the ed my servant Samuel, the Lamanite, that

instructions received from general and he should testify unto this people, that at his glorify should the in Father that the I the day Value Find all important The factstake boards—in saints there were that many in name me of welfare growth the anditems for Report Monthly of dead, and arise the should from who should things association. Theseyour should and many, unto appear should at neatly ccomplishments accurately, and recordedbe A said unto he them. minister unto And

is It dan- a very occur. theythe time it so? not them: Was trial office a business every almost TN get let notes practise your togerous disciples answered his "10. him And

is every month compiled balance as one recording before them prophesycold did said: Yea, Lord, Samuel and

can so easily forget the details of the according to thy words, and they were so that those interested can tell what event that has happened. Secretaries all fulfilled. has been accomplished. In my opinion

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934 495

the Monthly Report of accomplishment ascertain whether the present month's they have done. We show the enrollis the trial balance of the M. I. A. enrollment and attendance are comment and average attendance of the preThere is a particular accomplishment parable to the same month the previous year in comparison with the presfor every month of the Mutual year vious year without referring to our ent year. By this means the stake

and this monthly report will show rolls. M. I. A. presidency, stake board, ward

whether we have reached our aim and In the compilation of the stake presidents and secretaries are able to if not where we have fallen short. monthly report of accomplishment see how their ward ranks with the

Our monthly report also gives the Granite Stake types a comparative sheet other wards in the stake. Delia Rasenrollment and attendance and we can listing the Wards and showing what band.

there is a gap youth between and Zion—Salt

been, thereThe Glorious PossiLakethe centerCity, thatstakelastofyear 257 peoage. has always There

ple died be. of will heart disease? always 156 peoThe Why not?bilities For Us of a died ple died cancer? until never of Ill people gap will biobe bridged

Religious Crisis of Brights disease? 65 died of apchemistry has gained complete con-

{Continued from page 466) pendicitis? and that Salt Lake City trol of our glands. To bewail an

stands at the top of the list of unavoidable fact is the height of fa American cities by virtue of its foolishness. The fact is there: We

must see clearly, else it shall be the having the highest death rate from must not only face it, we must it. The needs of the blind leading the blind—or better appendicitis in the country, and capitalize on

the blind trying to lead those who that its maternity death rate is apold differ from the needs of the can see. Clear vision is often a palling? 59 people died of cerebral young and the Gospel must supply

technics.mark of youth. hemorrhage, 38 people died of pulboth—but by different

I said a moment ago that never monary tuberculosis, 1 3 people Woe to the old who says youth has before has the world been so in died of other kinds of T. B. gone astray because youth interneed of a spiritual interpretation of What is the challenge of clearing prets truth in terms of his own

truth. Let us look at some of the a wasteland compared with the world and woe to the youth who

concrete problems this presents to challenge of these figures. refuses to profit by the experience

youth. What is there to achieve? The of the old, casting it off merely as

The pioneers were faced with a elimination of poverty! Can you old fangled. The talk preceding

physical world to conquer. Their go amidst the squalor and hunger mine has beautifully presented this

frontier was largely and pain in many parts of our own aspect. Let Age not stand in rivers, mountains, desertsactual—plains,and forwidely touted city beautiful withYouth's way as he pioneers into ests. The Gospel gave them vision out being stirred to do something new unknowns—unknowns where

it? the for cannot about maybe Age moment this beautiful Temple—witness like follow, is there where, to achieve? Moses, Age What The I today you andBlock—which

into sad the of crime! must watch go Youth What aenjoy be elimination and for which we shouldso reverently grateful—-this Temcommentary on our national life promised land alone. Let Youth

ple Block which 87 years ago today that a man known to be a crimnot be impetuous to the point of was a sunbaked desert defying the inal of the first magnitude cannot folly by spurning the wisdom, the plow to tame it. The Gospel gave be apprehended save on the bitterly struggle, the achievements of Age

the pioneers courage to bear sorironic grounds that he evaded payachievements, remember, which row; strength to overcome diffiing the government a tax on his illmade the very existence of Youth

culty, and unexcelled joy and spirgotten wealth. possible and on whose fine founitual exaltation in achievement. What is.ere to achieve? World dations Youth must build. The

his sevWell, what has youth ahead of peace! How long will the silly Gospel is for both—each in

it? The physical frontier is all human race permi,t war lords, mueral way. Think of the glory of

it!but gone. The conquering of desnitions magnates and paranoiac it! The limitless beauty of

lerts, plains, and mountains has dictators to control its destiny? On numerous occasions of late,

I have heard the Church criticizedbeen done. Is there then nothing QLORIOUS challenge! O brethchallengeto sisters, even ren before never and—by the best—nay boththe heartbreaking efforts of interour have been of so in need we personsfoolish—becauseyoung and oldapostlesand

youth? Yes, for the physical fronpreting the truth of the Gospel in have expressed divergent opinions

tier of yesterday is as nothing comthe light of the new frontier. We on relatively minor matters. Surepared to the mental, social, religious are beset with doubts and disturbly the Church is going to ruin

frontiers of today! ances and petty difficulties which when its authorities disagree!

What is there to achieve? loom large because of their proxThink of it!

The making of the race safe from imity (the moon millions of times Whoever heard of criticizing extinction by vehicular traffic. Here smaller can completely eclipse the physics because Compton and Miliin the center stake of Zion—Salt sun) but we must override them. kan, two of the world's greatestLake City—19 of God's children Lest we ourselves be too remote let authorities in the field of physical

have had life snuffed out in autous look at a suggestive few of these science, with the same body of data mobile accidents since the 1st of disturbances: at their command, hold diametricthe year! There has been of late much talk ally opposing views.

What is there to achieve? about the gap between age and If every apostle is going to think

The elimination of disease. youth until it has been magnified like every other apostle, why on

Do you know that right here in to ridiculous distortion. Of course earth have twelve of them? But

a;

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934

have you ever heard divergent opinthis Gospel when in discussing this saving of your soul and mine deion among them on Christ and principle or that we are told we pends on proper emphasis in all

Him crucified? When they speak mustn't talk about this or we principles.

at what richness to bear my solemn testimony this manual comfortably supplied byasman—anda quorum,lookthey speak as one mustn't talk about that. I want Beware of merely following a

their divergent experiences bring to day that the Gospel of the Church the General Boards. All our work

their counsels! How may we not of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints you must interpret for the good of

profit by them! is Christ's truth revealed by the your organization.

power of God for you and me and O, there is so much to be done.

"DEWARE of intolerance. I heard for our present and continuing salThe new frontiers are so challenging. We cannot afford like Othelof a stake president who refused vation. Intolerance—save personal

to permit the singing of one of our intolerance for our own wronglo, "to stand mammering on"it. while precious and irrevocable mocontest songs in his stake because it doing—has no place in

was Roman Catholic. I should Beware of selfrighteousness, ments are speeding us on. Let's

like to remind that brother that Complete selfsatisfaction is one of stop talking about crises; let's not

the first big Roman Catholic Mass the most effective means of damlook glum. Let's rise with high

in Utah was celebrated in a Morming up utterly the channels of hearts and glad voices and meet the mon building with the full consent truth. Mark the Pharisees. new world and its challenge, fortiof President Brigham Young. InBeware, as leaders, of overemfied by the tempting fires of the

tolerance is a symptom of fear. phasizing one important principle Gospel. God give us vision, God

What is the Church of Jesus Christ to neglect the others. Overemgrant us strength, God give us joy;

of L. D. S. when it cannot withphasis of one often cloaks shortand to Him be the honor and the

stand critical inquiry? What is comings in obeying another. The glory for ever and ever!

fa HB| mony? We answer—we must antuted of those who have joined the

basis the say that andThe Religious swer—yes; been inquiry has of doubt and the tion—whoChurch afterhavesearchingquestionedinvestigathe beCrisis of Today genius of the Church; the power liefs of their fathers—we cannot

{Continued from page 468) through which members have say, consistently, that youth has no fought their way into it. right to question religion as any

James E. Talmage, asked how other human concern and evaluate

T EADERS of youth in the M. I. he received his testimony, replied: it in terms of individual worth.

Certain can we do? to been seem have "Though I A.—what born with "WISH I might be given inspiraadolescence early in yet indi- a testimony,it is the dismiss my we cannot

vidual problems of boys and girls I was led to question whether that testition to suggest to you leaders derived from really or was own holdpotent of reaching my means mony and their greatgrand- becausesimply the investigating I set parents. about my ing all the the people of young similarfathers problems; we had a out seeking way Church, of the claims

I I shall leave Church; hope what to unsound. prove its if claims should person every me regard youngmust

helpful be * * might thought; * one I and inquiry such of months After as would has a question wewho

all, for its is it once truth of this: convinced was the give each investigator, andan inis so fully an this knowledge and Listen to they have to say what consideration. prayerful Thesame it I would without that tegral part of me

way of youth may not be our way; not be myself."open your hearts and minds to their

problems. be bid Never them franktheir and language may seem

to cry out silent but inspire them us; to but Another conversion is describedstrange and irreverent

to them we, perhaps, appear as follows; to you the innermost questions of

strange too. We might regard "At first he was prejudiced against the their souls. Forget your own concontinued elder as reto victions the doctrines, listening in but to them; travelers, as maturityyouth and

* * * it extraordian produced preach convictions your only member port. oriental for Youth anbound Daniel of the effect mind nary upon reply. to come when you make rising sun; east, travel into the his closedmay he weeks Spencer. For two

age may go west, toward the eveestablishment and refused to do business One woman has said:

to study himself shut up he anyone; with their but at shadows;ning common

social the rapid reorganization of his he weighed "The there alone with God meet will and and theydestination flexibility necessary, has and contime clear made his head and of balance in the realize that both were headed scientious heart the message he had found. only those who are alert and vital, who

straight in their course of travel; * * * One day * * * he exclaimed, are curious about life, elastic enough to

but there will always be between bursting into a flood of tears: 'The thing assimilate new ways of thinking and livthem the difference of experience braceis true,it,andbutas itanwillhonestcostmanme I allmustI haveemingcumstancescan adjustand themselvesface the futureto alteredwithoutciralong the way. Has not the cumuon earth. He saw that in the eyes of his fear."

lative power of Mormonism in a friends and townspeople he must fall from century been sufficient to form a the social pinnacle on which he stood to Youth and age both can and will cement, joining all truths and deoffthatlikeof aa man."despised people, but he stepped and do accept the rooted principles

trjesire for truth into a oneness—of Gospel—the fundamentals.

unified search in which all memThese, which have been the exAs a Church, I repeat, we accept the bers, regardless of age, can set forth periences of many born in the Divinity of Christ, the restoration leChurch and out, explain the marvel through Joseph Smith and the autogether? Is there a place—a

is the power of the Gospel. thority of God held by those comgitimate and reverent place—for which

inquiry in the building of a testiWith a membership largely constimissioned today to speak in His

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934 497

name. This is the anchor to which talk to youth and teach them! of that highest conception of intelwill hold. Lose no opportunity to light from ligence as the Glory of God. Maywe must—and do—and

Securely anchored thus we may your fire of belief the fuse which God grant us the reward of seeing look into every new theory, every will ignite in them a spark of testithe crisis of religion today turned electric force which toward the great and glorious posnew belief, every new thought, and mony—that

accept what is of value to us. As will generate in them energy to sibilities which are inseparably

leaders, what can we do, I ask work for the Church; heat to warm bound up in these latter days with

again; and again give answer: Listhem to the Gospel; light to illuour great and glorious Church

ten to youth and learn from them; mine their way toward a realization the Church of Jesus Christ!

h|( Latterday Saint noonsFatherandandeveningsMother ofmaydelightbe present,when showday, thenby ourwe actionstheir leadersour faithmustin place. faith mis- a joyous in the divine God, and

individuals sionYouth and the andSixthhome: let usbecomefind those Smith. of Joseph We must

create or a can work, set groups have example and worthy whoNew Day people in faith is hard, our young youth. whereby work The task (Continued from page 464)

may be able to employ their time it calls for the wisdom of Solomon,—* in useful pursuits and make suffithe patience of Job, the courage of

community an empty building is cient money that they may feel a Daniel, but if we will prepare ouravailable for a public library, perjustifiable pride in their independselves constantly, seeking knowlhaps another where a community ence. Finally, let us find the genius edge out of the best books and

orchestra may practice, tennis courts among us who can make the proper through earnest prayer for constant to be made, a ball field and perhaps contacts with youth, through perdivine guidance, then with happy golf links may be built. We have haps, many happy situations that personal contact, sympathetically

never quite tested our great cohe will devote himself to the enworking with youth our lives will operative powers. Fifth: let us riching opportunities of our great be enriched and Latterday Saint

really and the Church of God will goandtion—callyou mayyouthneed onlyto a thethousandsuggesreligiousIf Latterdaylife. Saint youth youth will truly come to a new day

homes for happy parties, afterparticipate in the glories of a new forward!

Glimpses of portancepeal for ofa realizationthe Gospel.of Hethe said,imMutualin the matterImprovementof culturalAssociationsdevelopsincerely for I part ment, and part: in myJune Conference will in the they hope that go on activities, all everyyour "Let

(Continued from page 455) art, music, of drama, in life, let that them development thing do you literature and in the other things all lead unto this great fundamental are in engaged, because they which is fact, the Christ, the that Jesus a to B. counselor Morrischosen as of to a that will us out come Begotten, the Messiah, and Only first president. theYoung, He cultural development life this in shall there to you come people—a thecalled the to stand from up to in seems be which found no there peace happiness; joy and and ofaudience, Goddard, H. Hyrum at other existing."present agency satisfaction shall to come you more first secretary theOgden, was who

life this in living following and first organization.of that These I. to challenge the M. GREAT A else in could than anything you do are survivors oi the onlytwo men Association Primary A. and is life this in the world; which and firstthat Men's Mutual ImYoung leaders President given was Anby this there after shall to follow come organized Associationprovement stressed Ivins, he thony when W. eternal highest glory years ago, aceach been has and lives—the60 the these organizations. purpose of can to which come man. tive interested the in and and work said, in part: He the that Mutual Imwork "The of the organization duringgrowth

that period. provement Associations are doing "The purpose of the organizaThe spotlight of interest in Sunin the matter of the cultural detions is to take children in their

day meetings of the convention was velopment of our people can hardly very early life into the Primary centered upon the First Presidency, be measured. To think that great Association and from there graduPresident Grant and Presidents chorus of 3,100 voices, assembled ate them into the Mutual ImproveAnthony W. Ivins and J. Reuben from all parts of the Church, comment Associations, in order that

Clark, Jr. The three spoke to the ing here together and uniting in they may become familiar with the

largest assembly of the conference those great songs which they sang doctrines of the Church, and its

Sunday afternoon in the Taberfor us last night, and to think that ideals, and thus become a support nacle, and President Grant made in addition to this music we have and strength to the general organihis stirring appeal for loyalty to had contests also in the drama, zation.

the ideals of the Church and gave and in forensic speaking, and in "This being the case, the memhis inspiring testimony, already other activities, gives cause for just bers of these associations must be mentioned, at the Sunday evening pride. in harmony with the faith, with

meeting. "In so far as I know, there is the ideals, with the ultimate purPresident Clark, first speaker of nothing in the law which is the pose of the Church to which they

the meeting, made a stirring apequivalent or even the rival of the are attached.

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934 "The foundation of the Church ful to God that He allowed John that leads to life eternal. I have

rests upon a few fundamental printhe Baptist, the very man who bapseen men in high and exalted posiciples. First, we believe in God tized the Savior of the world, to tions lose their standing. I have

the Eternal Father, the creator of come to earth and lay his hands read that onehalf of the men that the earth upon which we dwell; in upon the heads of Oliver Cowdery were Apostles of the Lord Jesus

His Son, Jesus Christ, and in the and Joseph Smith and bestow upChrist in the early history of the gift of the Holy Ghost, and that on them the lesser Priesthood, Church turned aside. Why? Bethese three doctrines embody the whereby they were entitled to bapcause they failed to keep the comfundamental principles of the tize each other. And he prommandments of God.

Church. ised them that although he had not "I know of no man losing his

"We believe that the Bible conthe right to bestow upon them the faith who was an honest, conscientains the word of God, our Father, higher Priesthood, the Apostles of tious tithepayer, who observed the for the guidance of his children, inthe Lord Jesus Christ, Peter, James Word of Wisdom, who attended sofar as its contents have been and John, the identical men that his sacrament meetings, partook of properly translated. Up to this labored as Apostles with the the sacrament, and otherwise lived

time our faith is in harmony with Savior during his life and after his his religion and was where he ought that of the great majority of Chriscrucifixion, would come and reto be to get the inspiration of the tian people of the world; differing store the higher Priesthood. spirit of God. You cannot transfer

in detail, it is true; but we go one "I am grateful for these truths. to others that which you get yourstep further and declare to the peoWe have the truth, we have the self. I can no more give a man a

ple of the world that we also bepower, we have the authority, we testimony of this Gospel than I lieve the Book of Mormon to conhave everything that was enjoyed can eat for him. I can tell him

tain the word of God. To believe in ancient days by those who lahow to get it.

in these doctrines is to be in harbored during trje life of the Savior "I can tell him of the blessings mony with the Church. To doubt and after His crucifixion. And of God to me. But each and every

them or disbelieve them or regard there are no flaws in the Gospel of man must live the Gospel if he exthem with indifference is not in Jesus Christ. I want to bear witpects to obtain an individual testiharmony with the Church, the purness that from my childhood until mony of the divinity of this

pose of its organization nor the today I have known of none of all work."

ideals which it aspires to reach. my acquaintances who have kept

"The Church believes and the commandments of God who AN excellent program, featuring teaches that it was through Joseph has ever departed from this truth, the messages of young people,

Smith and by the interposition of who has ever turned to the right was presented Sunday evening, as a divine decree coming from God or the left. the concluding feature of the conour Father, that this new Gospel "I know of none who has lived ference. This program was predispensation was ushered in in the in harmony with the teachings of sented under the direction of the

day in which we live. Is this true? the Church who has not remained M Men and Gleaner Girls of the

Are we to believe it? How are these in that straight and narrow path Church.

young people who are members of Entertainment features, includthe Mutual Improvement Associed, in addition to the contests, the ations of the Church to determine great music festival; the annual

this question, whether or not these outing and general board reception doctrines of the Church, to which to several thousand workers at Salt-

I have so briefly referred are truth air, Friday evening, at which the or error? boards furnished luncheon to all.

"It would have been unjust for A colorful session of stake superinGod our Father to leave us withtendents and presidents was held out a means by which we might as a dinner Saturday noon in the come to this definite knowledge. historic Lion House.

This question was propounded to This is, in a brief way, a picture

Christ our Lord, and what was his of the conference. It is impossible

answer to it? 'Whosoever shall to tell what occurred in all of the

do the will of the Father will know meetings and especially the departof the doctrine, whether it is true ment sessions, which were apparor whether I speak of myself."ently more interesting than ever,

partly due to the fact that all dePresident Grant gave a particpartment manuals were printed ular message to the assembly that and available for discussion.

afternoon. It was that the Church Inspired by their leaders, charmof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints ed with the new program features

had the truth and the authority to as explained to them and with a officiate in the name of God. He renewed determination to "carrysaid: on,"the 5,000 delegates to the M.

"I am so grateful for the testi- I. A. conferences, returned to their

monies that we have. I am so homes, to pass on this enthusiasm

grateful that God has appeared in in a new year's work with more our day and that Jesus has appeared A SCENE IN HOLLAND than 200,000 members the world to men in our day. I am so grateover.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934 499

Architect, Verily now,"I'mThad,"leavinghe thesaid. job"I towasn'tyou girl,""YouBishopdon't kncKWMcDowellwhat youwarned.ask,

(Continued from page 45 7) made for gallivantin'. I'm fair "The heat in summer's terrific. It's

I thought of you ]8h - 4 spent."a desert. When

I hesitated. children, and your it assented. "I'll Clark stay out,"kitchen, the into she came When fit a for year There'be d no homes I couldn't drag to anyhow. "Have after water. well at the wasJim clear, to or There's two. land till the a doin's such Betty from ordeal the for herself bracedShe to dig ditches to make, and dams last dog's hung."last night After him.of meeting

I crops. there before can be straight did not go Bishop The last forget she could wished—she send wouldn't enemy."worst my his Instead, home. he way madenight.

loneliness, heat, no hunno "No streets the to familiar the along appleaded, he she when "Jim!"this. ger as as nor can pain be bad home. Burton brass thepeared gleaming with

I'll insisted. gladly,"go Mary there?"came Mary "Who's its coolness, adripbucket, with

it, then?"want "You rein perturbed query Burton's i sorry! so m else anything than on "More knock. sponse to Bishop's the be, answerhe need Mary,""No earth."be don't the Bishop; "Only trace there gently, no buted was

I call then. shall come, "The afeared, Mary."feeling in bleak the only words,of girl, bless you, go must now. God is it?""Is hurt? Jim What wantedselfcondemnation. She clear."path your and make I like that, Mary. "Nothing all past take the forget and tohim

a talk."to have there in was want his arms.her But

in. Sit down. Let me IV. "Come in his eyes light neither nor warmth

in his voice. have your hat. Did I seem not Gone to the Sawmill

"I have killed his love!"she very glad to see you? I am glad.

sick over It's just that I'm worried there in a panic, herself but told BURTON ARY M another He's again on away letter. It a waiting. no Jim. was had been was writing was work Now."time to plead. She must get her of his—five years since she had left the green

man's breakfast. He must get back "I know, Mary,"the Bishop inbeauty of Farmington for the brilon the job. The men had been terrupted. "He should have been liant colors and heat burned cliffs

called back to work on the meeting at the celebration today. It's Jim of Rio Alamo. She was writing to

house. She hurried through the I've come to talk about."her old friend, Bishop McDowell.

motions of getting his meal. A "Bishop, I feel sometimes that "Jim sends his regards,"the letfew swallows of roasted barley cof- I can stand this no longer. What ter went on. "He has never touchfee and a taste of wholewheat am I going to do?"ed a drop to drink since we left

mush, and Jim pushed the break- "That we must consider. I wish Farmington. We are building a

fast away with silent distaste. He Jim could have heard Brother new meeting house here now. Jim

took his cap and the proffered pail Brigham's words today. When is in charge. He's the busiest, hapof lunch automatically. Silently the President stepped into the meetpiest man in the settlement."

he turned to go. ing house and looked up at that "I'm the happiest woman. Our

"Jim!"Mary grasped his arm. wide span of roof without a pillar, four children are healthy; we have

He faced her again. he brought his cane down with a splendid neighbors, a comfortable

"Aren't you going to kiss me?"mighty thump."home, and outside of the ants in my

"If you like."There was no "'That's the roof, Folsom!'he pantry and the coyotes that steal

trace of warmth in the kiss. Jim says to the Church architect with our chickens, no troubles—."

was wrapped in an abstraction that him. 'Who designed this?'he asks, The flow of her narrative was

seemed to shut her out. turning to me. 'That man knows interrupted by a knock at the door.

his business.'Turning to the archi- "Beth, run and see who it is,"

III. tect again, he said, 'You could use Mary directed. Eager with curiThe Mission Call a man like that in Salt Lake, Folosity, Beth complied.

som.""A man hunting father,"she re-

'I can,'Folson agreed, 'where ported on her return. "I told him "FaRMINGTON was "

celebrating. The finished meeting can I find him?'to go to the meeting house. He

house had that day been dedicated. "It doesn't matter,"Mary anmust have molasses. His wagon

President Brigham Young had swered sadly. "We tried living in was full of barrels."

come to join in the celebration. Salt Lake. We could never go "It's wine, Mother,"serious

With him were a large party from back. If we could only go someeight-yearold Bobbie corrected.

Salt Lake. Surrounding settlewhere away from the liquor!""I heard the men in the store talkments were well represented. The "It might be arranged,"the ing. It's wine. They make wine

day had been spent in banqueting Bishop responded. "There's a call out of grapes, don't they Mother?"

and programs. Now the evening for settlers for Nevada. Down The word "wine"sent a chill

dance was on. The harvest moon south on the Muddy it is. They through Mary Burton. Wine had

looked down on a scene of merrineed a flour mill. Jim could build come to Rio Alamo. She forgot the

ment. It had taken Farmington a it. There'll be others needed later letter. Could Jim control his aplong time to complete her beloved on as other settlements spring up. petite for alcohol? The test was

building. I could have him called."imminent. She felt that they could

Bishop McDowell beckoned to "Will you?"Mary's voice was not flee again as they had fled from

Counselor Clark. eager. Farmington. She found it hard

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934

to resist an impulse to follow the and many dollars'worth of propwine peddler to the meeting house. erty. 1 HE meeting house

But she knew only too well that Annie Shelton came and cared was, of course, at a standstill. It

the test was up to Jim alone. for Mary's brood while Mary, waited on the return of Jim Burto trying ton. Burton, Mary needle, helped the make with eveskilled after that It o'clock six was for of frame comfort words Morg clothes. burial Leith's Out Morg carryingning, while was Mary Leith's helping mother, Mother acre lonely, in the sunbaked Rio that bushes, rose her towater new keep her nightly over watch Brown set as a graveyard, apart had Alamo to the Burton rode Frost upEd son, hopelessly watching maimed laid one settlement sobered a awaygate. hopethe road weary, sawmill with

its the did of then youth. Only respectgreeted he "Howdo?"less if gaze, there dully wondered realize to of begin Rio men Alamo roses.fully. Brother Bur- "Nice hopeless than sorrow any more was a full price load the of of wine. sawmill. Asked the toton's gone her own.

me to come by and tell you. Won't

be back for a couple of weeks."The two weeks passed but Jim

"Thanks, Ed,"Mary managed. did not appear. The suspense was

She had received many such mesalmost unbearable. Only the presages. In the past they had meant cious companionship of her little

another carouse. Pictures of past ones kept Mary up.

rose to torment her. The stuOne night when she was putting

pidity of human beings courting the children to bed, in walked Jim, temporary insanity had never sober.

ceased to amaze her. Why should "Jim!"Mary gasped. "I nearly

usually highminded men want to died!"

become brutish idiots? The riddle "I'm sorry, Mary,"was all he

was beyond her. All through the could say.

dreary routine of feeding her chil- "It has been horrible,"Mary dren and getting them to bed such went on. "How could you treat

thoughts oppressed her. us so?

After they were all asleep, she "You think I have been on anbrought in her sewing basket and other carouse,"he interrupted. "I

theworked far into the morning hours, haven't—I have been takingpiecing a quilt of her own designcure. I bought ten gallons of wine

in to begun others she had with the went along the anding—one

edge, the dulled fight this labor tospring. I wanted the sawmill. The

of her clamoring nerves. She went battle out face to face with the

to bed at last, and slept. When enemy. I made up my mind to

it was time to get up and resume meet the test and win under every the daily round of housework, she condition. I resisted every invicould have slept on. tation to drink. I kept the wine

During the two weeks following by my bed where I could smell its

I forcedshe had need of all the strength she Under the fragrance day and night.

could get from labor. It was not myself to refuse it when I was fresh

only that there came from the sawand when I was tired, when I was Hollyhocks full and when I was famishedmill gossip of drunken orgies. The

settlement itself was in an uproar. By MABEL WEST LILLIE when I was thirsty and when I

ef- I the glad and lonely, apparent was was were whenEverywhere the hollyhocks down by the T WATERED let Old sad. I did not of wine. up load I wasfects of that when * gate,

strength being I until were proved dormant, hadthirsts, long my evening, One taste situation. conceivable to the every under Youths newquenched. can what was under the if you a And guess to run going pursuing eagerly are not "Mary, we wereof wine

leaves, cured. not more. could I'm drink any She experiment. fromnew bold eyes looking bulging round, With

is eat? nor to in there the house clamor to the earsclose her as What

please you off I singed a wine a tales meal could of havoc the make outshut by the hollyhocks, the under down From bobcat."wrought.had

gate George Brown, sodden with One evening? <mCBnwine, had been thrown from a

great, big me hoptoad! He gave It doubtful horse. was if Avicious the is not only a wink, )RUNKENNESS couldn't I just did he mean? what brain his did, If live. Now he couldhe

it is crime; cause of crime, but think again. normal be neverwould

Morgan Leith was killed in a That evening;. and if any encourage drunkenness

drunken quarrel over a visiting girl It came to me then; he just hated to scrub for the sake of the profit derived

he had barely met. The Sheriff Or mind his good wife and get into the tub. from the sale of drink, they are

was called to take dazed Jim Potter For under the leaves of his hollyhock guilty of a form of moral assassinabower, he tried for a murder beaway to waits till I turn on the shower tion as criminal as any that has ever He patiently Drunken remember. notcould

revelers had set fire to Marvin HarEach evening. been practiced by the braves of any

ris's barn, destroying a year's crop country or of any age. Ruskin.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934 501

Courage OldAndJakehe andravedJuneon.wereNephews,married. eyesand intentthere werewith brightexpectation.sparkles in

(Continued from page 469) nieces, cousins, and friends tried to The attorney continued.

"'Therefore, I bequeath to each console the old man—to sympathize with him, but he only beand every one of them, one thouthings been havemorrow. My dollars'."detersand came more infuriated—more to our apartmentmoved new the like buzzthis to murmur, boy young mined low show A a mine.June's I've got and And the room; bees, filled with. ing be trifled of that he not to was manynew job to go to."One night, two months later, smiling faces turned to frowning

Oi'LD Jake stared. His thethe relativesold man anddiedfriendsin his sleep,whisperedand ones;disappeared,the lustreandin therethe eyeswasofa somegenmouth moved, but in his rage he among themselves. eral air of surprised dissatisfaction.

the speak.couldn't pounded "He house every each and 'To acquaintrelatives and the Alltable again. Moehller, servant my John andjo Atby been ances summoned had "She's prestige——no I services, faithful for chauffeur, poor—no the for present to be torney Smith every day,name. hard She works dolthousand one also bequeath preVictor Will. the reading of I loves love shebut me. June and attorney. the lars',"read said June stay to but ferred away, acexpenseMy servants'the allowance—weekly appeared on Smiles they that it proper only that was for that to accountedcount has be tear found a then faces and and respect. now there, of due out be shouldevery in that job your month; comcheek, a housemaid's its down way the of gold spacious room The love; can't give theypany; me we eyes cook's old the Jennie even and exceedseemed Rholler mansion a struggle for a- have hardmay stained. Mr. Old red and were in stood as attorney the quiet, inglywhile, we'll but don't be happy, them. remembered Rholler had a before the center of the room theworry. trouble with That's on showed utter contempt But table small, marbletopped roundyou, been too Granddad. You've cousins, and faces of the nephews seal Will. the the of broke and to considerbusy making money disapproval of various sounds and snickers andthat people whispers they have Muffled souls—that evident. were inplace. Cold the happiness floated andwant about his resumed love—that the lawyer Then at and Victor can't give glanced those."eyes quisitive themmoney "Vicgrandson, 'To reading. my June's hand tattoo a beat clutched cane Jake's on Vic June. Old conso not was Rholler, tor who his into floor happily polished he up andthe highly she looked and me; of who thoughtful or siderate sat as face, they like at Victor glared pleasant, youngswore and wishes; of most disregarded my for respect fool; of out young man.wild "You to opposition in a waiting—waiting my married who get you'll far think grandfather. his you dohow desires—'."long Seewithout money? how general the a fool!"was "What at about peered eyes Wondering her, to girl you; willthis love go "stubpresent, those of thought nodheads eyes and puzzled other starve. nest love to and yourgo could he obstinate See born, little a and so"told you boy—why ded "I live love, off of can long youhow millions."had have sullen lit a up then and smile now idiot."you digtall, grey, subas a appeared "Silence."face, a sneer or The

said Vicgrandpa,""Goodbye, reading. the began nified attorney stitute. bloodpressuretor, your "watch nieces and nephews, 'but, "'To my read on—"attorney The tonic."walked take your Heand read, ''They lawyer the cousins',"denot sincere and honest, he was door. library the ofhurriedly out considerexceedingly been have and courageous ceitful; was he your back on "You'll come thoughtand kind ate of and poverty face dared brave; he allme—very I'll imbecile.knees, show you

ful indeed'."Therefore, love. for uncertainty trifle can't Jake withyou. You

of remainder the I my bequeathRholler's grandRholler, estate to Victor my plans—you—."old voice trailed OMILES appeared on The squeaky

.down the corridor behind Vic. many faces, beaming with pleasure, son

ft* tried to drive them. Of course, would give them a drink, and in

Reminiscences of they were frightened and ran away the course of an hour and a half or

Charles W. Nibley enginedown thehousehill ofto thewhereOmahathe presentwater ourtwo roadhoursagain.we wereOf ploddingcourse, thereon

-.4 we soon learned to manage things. hardship in that mode of travel but (Continued from page 473) works now stands at Florence. But are inconveniences and more or less

age 1 1 years of a child I of as was little would tent had which we green The I rememberworship. how hardships; the I remember not do tied becarefully and folded be up respect all to yoking were withwe I rather enjoyed contrary, the poles, on tent the wagon. The hind greasor cattle or milking cowsup I trip. that thing the whole One pole roof the props and the two in anything or doing theing wagon is tens seeing distinctly remember there together tied and be would frontier pioneer or tothat pertained hills the of buffalo on of thousands the in for wagon. place a them waslife.

Our bedding was all carefully taken west of Kearney.

care of and so we journeyed on. Sometimes the captain wouldAT Florence when our two yoke

of cattle and wagon were At noon the cattle would be unhave to stop the train and allow turned over to us, my father got hitched, perhaps not always unherds of buffaloes to slowly cross on the off side of the cattle and yoked, and after eating a little we the wagon road and as they were in 502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934

very large numbers this would octhe milk that was not used would time of life it must have been very cupy sometimes an hour. We often be put in a tin churn and strapped different, and, no doubt, they sufhad buffalo meat to eat. It was along side of the wagon and by fered great inconvenience and more

very sweet and good. We would noon it would be thoroughly or less trial and sacrifice in it all.

get long strips of it and hang it up churned and butter could be gathWe suffered no loss until we to dry in the hot sun and when it ered and buttermilk could be had reached the crossing of Green River was thoroughly dried it could be for lunch. on the old immigrant road. At this

kept for days and weeks and was The thunder and lightning and point one of our best oxen lay much better eating than chipped rain storms that transpired perioddown and died. This left us with

beef. ically along the plains of Nebraska three oxen and two cows. We

Every night the wagons were were something terrific and occayoked up one of the cows with the formed in a circle at some level sioned us some inconvenience and odd ox and traveled right along, as convenient place for camping near considerable fright. The Indians our load through consuming our

water and each wagon would start were very plentiful and sometimes a provisions, was becoming lighter its campflre and cook supper, what little troublesome although we each day. The last Sunday of the

little cooking there was to do, never had any conflict whatever trip was spent near Parley's Park, which consisted mostly of baking with them, but I can remember that a day's travel with oxen from Salt bread in an iron skillet, a utensil they were a haughty and insolent Lake City. George A. Smith and

about eighteen inches in diameter, lot, as they would ride upon their other leading brethren came over about four or five inches deep, made ponies decked in their feathers and the mountain to greet us and welof cast iron. It had a heavy lid paint and would frighten most of come us to our new country.

and it had three or four short legs us people who were not used to On Monday, September 3rd, we to raise the body of the skillet from them. came out of the canyon and onto

the ground and admit the fire unTA7"E young ones walked with the bench near Fort Douglas, and derneath coals then and put we on I well very can remember with feet bare the of most way lid. top the of often heavy We pleasure joy each what one and of across plains. the got soon We difficulty in findinghad to wood I, myself, our even company, and to the used tent and wagon and

there as so wereburn trains many little city the looked growing upon life. campfire bedding was Our so placesand camping many and all in felt wilderness. the that We in rolled in the bundles morning

It whatever. no forests, a was trials troubles of pracour were and the bundles simply unrolled and question to find to something make

best a fire. The had fuel we on atthe nightbeds uponwere madethe ground,again. thusAlofticallyfact,attheyan end,had whenonly justas a begun,matter

the plains where there was no wood together it was rather an enjoyable for all the changing vicissitudes of at all, was what was called "buffalo time for a boy of my age than any pioneer life had to be undertaken chips,"which in reality is simply hardship. At least if it was a hardand gone through with. Many

sundried buffalo dung. After the ship I did not feel it so. Of course things were difficult to learn and

cows were milked in the morning to my father and mother at their carry on.

Recreation for ifguide.the proper leadership is there to activitiesAnotherof Martha,section isthedevotedMatron, tomuchthe

it helpful. highly convincing of and important is not Mental

also additional Girls and contains book The Women to either more want with recreationtype—both carrying (Continued chapters the forward of on clubs Study places do things. and from page 486) go

with recreational aspects, games at programs suggested by the needs of parties, and home games can be made to different ages and types.

one into the pattern of the other. fill in crevices of interest, but at this Volunteer Leadership: Volunteers Their creative tendencies differ, age they are not paramount, nor should—those who have wisdom, prestige, all four—also. Beatrice, intelligent and culthey be made to appear so. time or ability—sometimes

tured, is better able to appreciate beauty are the hope of recreational programs.

and enjoy creating it. Ida, working Service at this stage can be provided As much training as possible should be

with her hands all day, must have a in chances to lead younger groups or given, and volunteer leaders should be more thrilling, exciting outlet in hours to help each other in their own groups. given maximum credit for all their

of leisure. However, the love of exEvery girl can learn and grow and work; they are responsible for most

citement and bright colors and brilliant improve through service activities. of its success.- E. T. B.

lights which characterized Ida can be turned to a love for other forms of beautiful embodiment, and Ida, in this way, awakened to the joys of creative endeavor. Dramatics, dancing, music

and handcrafts (the latter perhaps confined to the making of decorative things for her to wear) are allimportant.

Social activities at this, the mating age, must give opportunity for normal association with boys, under proper direction, parties, homegroups, out-

M. I. A., P0CATELL0 STAKE ings,affairs—allcommunitygive excellentaffairs, clubs,opportunitychurch CAST OF THE "MAGIC BOWL,"LAST YEAR'S "IMPROVEMENT ERA"PLAY, THIRD WARD

uThe Boy at Lippershey's"

every passing era man By plainly before the boy's eyes. HeWITHadds to the list of known could easily see the shingles on the

great in roof. He shouted inventions by producing

I have James F. Scneer churchexcitement, what "Look the Occasionallynew knowledge.

inventor is forgotten while his disfound!"

side, his to hastened master His lives indefinite forcovery an on this "clean the lenses the marand saw glass when you finish tooklength time. corners of In all the frames."of with specunbelievable velous, almost instancesthe earth be recan such

called, and each country has its The lad began to polish the tacle. "A miracle,"he cried, runparticular story to tell. Although lenses. He was proud to be the ning out of the shop to show the

the great apprentice to Lippershey, discovery. wonderfulit improbable, of sound one may inspectacle maker; so he worked the sad part of the story But nowthe legends romantic comes most

from the far off Netherlands. dustriouslytil closing time.from earlyHe morninghad an amun- cident,must bethetold.recordSomehow,bearing thebyboy'sacpeople were in evidence Many learn the trade thorlost. inyoung name was The

in the streets of Amsterdam on this bition—tooughly. to never this day ventor was

cool morning in the autumn of the During his spare time the young known. One year later, upon hearyear 1608. Old and young peoapprentice would sort the numerous ing of this discovery, the great

ple clogging along in their wooden curiously shaped pieces of glass. He Italian inventor, Galileo, experishoes walked toward the busy polished the colored pieces in order mented in the same manner. He

a thenmarket place. Now and telescope entire before to see the panorama an made instrument—the youngsterruddyfaced could be it different boy's in the principle of the hues. Perhaps based on him

seen swinging an empty basket was an accident, but the lad made discovery. Today we accredit

while whistling a quaint Dutch an odd discovery. While looking Galileo with the invention of the

folk song. The narrow street through a thick piece of plain glass, telescope.

lined with little shops was alive he got an idea. "What will hapBut in Amsterdam the wholewith noisy bargainers who were pen,"he said to himself, "if I put some, jolly Dutch people never

shouting to be heard above the din two of these glasses before my shall forget the story of their young of human voices and the bedlam eyes?"genius. When passing Lipperof the chickens, ducks and geese. shey's shop, the details reoccur to

Old Mynheer Lippershey gazed TA71TH this boyish impulse came them. They still gaze at the farthoughtfully out of the broad one of the world's greatest off church tower which took part

showwindow of his small optical discoveries. For the two glasses, in the miraculous discovery. Pershop. He reflectively poked the or lenses, held before the eye at a haps Galileo is given credit for disashes in the fireplace. "Here,"he slight distance apart brought far covering the telescope, but to the

said, addressing a small brighteyed away objects into easy sight. The Dutch people the little boy workboy who was busily engaged in church tower with its numerous ing at Lippershey's is the true instraightening spectacle frames, pigeons hovering near was brought ventor.

Sables in ingTo himselfthink hewithmighttheonceunattainable.have had Theyworthyweresocietyfranklywasstaring!forgotten.

Sego Prairie thison hisgirl!brow.PerspirationHe stammeredbroke likeout gasped,"Helen"Chilblains,Wilson!"whatDorisswank!"Keyser

(Continued from page 484) a schoolboy. Even this gracious "Ruth, you remember Helen

rambling house that he usually Van Stratton,"Ernest introduced.

n- $ viewed with pride seemed dull and Most of the ladies present had commonplace. first eightthe during Helen known givenhave to keep Helen much lovely a Helen home!""What existence. years her een of She had seeing his lanky,from said in the she hoped was what wife—the lived tracks across the pinching andangular, shinynosed tone. right lack forgave her Ernest Ruth—her it hers. poverty been was had Sovoice bit correcting a raucous from enthusiasm. of raving she the papers been had alchildren,the her person not and cars Several parked about were heiress as the to the about Van tidy or too immaculate.ways But cats! the curb. was Holy Ruth millions! Stratton

this to powerless averthe meetwas entertaining the SelfCulture Club. were momentarily The womening.

felt eyes the thirty of of Henry felt introspective. suddenly They I'll 'Yes, he you,"run up with Prairie's piercing Ladies Best Sego ugly, dressed, cheaply and drawnsaid.

alighted. as they them perpresence old, in the Helen's of

Within the house there was mofection. A flaming jealousy burned

During the brief mentary confusion. The effect of through their placid souls. They

luxurious ride Ernest was tormentthe six years'training in that most inspected carefully her fresh child504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934

like skin and wellshaped hands. the foreignbuilt car became indisThey noted the correctness of her RilUTH noted with a tinguishable in the distance. They

gown and her few real jewels. But knifelike pang that Helen's pressighed, some with envy, and some

affected like Ernest had her. they were sweet to real There was ence remorse others with reold with

wine. conscience not Her. would that about an exuberance their Helen gret over lost youth.

let forget she story the her had it liked. everyone apBut now in Meanwhile, autumnan started that ruined almost Helen's peared they being were too much car painted glen, the with its imfair for her left Ernest and name sweet. chauffeur mobile sablewrapped and own. wondered he had She now if

Doris was remembering how she been worth it, he was so unrolady had stopped.

had excluded Helen intentionally mantic! And Helen had been her "Oh,"said Helen, with delight,

from her party because she had best friend, too! "The sumac is beautiful! I should

wanted Ernest for her own partner. "Tell us about your husband,"like to gather some."

her. Suddenly she Ugh! Now she was glad Ruth Doris was saying, and all of them Henry helped

as him. ornatehad was about herself He in his arms. were hoping, somehow that he was found

cistern, as the not and town course, Henry, I'll marry "Of any ancient and fat.more romantic. Helen was preparing to leave. you, dear,"she said, "After we turn

"Yes,"she heard Helen saying, "Some day I want you to all meet these duds in to the boss. Let Mrs.

"I saw the amusing old town cishim,"she said and then turning Rutherford Van Stratton find a tern as I passed, and knew I was to her hostess with gracious and new secretary."

in the right place."rare charm she continued, "Sego She snuggled closer and sighed,

Alice remembered how she had Prairie might be the tail end of "Oh Henry, do you suppose we'll refused to lend Helen her text nothing, but nowhere can one find ever be able to afford a house like books. It would be nice now to be more delightful people or truer Ernest's?"

able to say, "My dearest friend, friends.""What, that shack?"scoffed

Mrs.book—etc."Van Stratton sent me this new ClubThewatchedladies untilof thetheSelfCulturelast lines of Henry,a house "Whythat is aBaby,houseI'llsomebuyday!"you

*VX?$@iX>l>-

The Man You Saw Yesterday is the man you met entered the hall of the high schoolWHEREyesterday? You rubbed By from which he was graduated sevshoulders with him in eral years ago, and upon seeing one

passing the crowded down highEzra J. Poulsen ofallyhisannouncedformer teachers,that heenthusiastichad started well impressedway, and you were

with his appearance. There was closely. But if he has fallen down, work as a salesman. His manner

an expression on his clearcut though you will feel sorry for him, indicated the fact that he was comcountenance which seemed to inyou will profit by his mistakes, pletely in love with his work. As

dicate vision, while a certain vigand renew your efforts in order a student he had been a very inorous tilt of his shoulders suggested that you might avoid them. different success. His teacher had

the will to carry on. Almost inDisappointing though it is there not formed a glowing opinion of

stantly you marked him for a are altogether too many bright huthis particular student's future.

this to be opinion had Now,winner. die prematurely. that man promises

is fellow changed. young The Surely that factor why? Yesterday may have been a year, And

or ten years ago. In either case that constitutes the unknown in surely hitting the road to achievetime has worked its changes, and the equation of life is worth seekment.

you may well inquire, where is that ing. Scarcely an individual has How often this sort of thing

man today? Has he risen to a lived to maturity without seeing happens! Still the shadow of unplace of permanent usefulness, as someone concerning whom he has certainty dogs this man's footsteps,

you expected, or has he for some predicted success, slump into igand will do for years to come.

unaccountable reason, trailed off noble mediocrity. On the other In the full bloom of his first sucinto obscurity. Possibly you rehand from the ranks of the slow cess he seems promising, but will

solved to work a little harder, and and misunderstood have come some he show the right combination of make yourself in various ways of the greatest successes. grit and brains to keep coming up

more effective because of him. Now And this man you met yesterday after every fall with new strength

you are wondering if you have may be one or the other. In either and a batch of fresh ideas? If he

reached him in the race. case he is the man through whom does, he's a winner, and his reward

It may be time well spent to you can eternally replenish your will be great.

reflect a little, and do a little checkstore of enthusiasm. If he has And so the man you saw yesterfailed you can see the shoals upon day, be he on the upgrade oring up on yourself, and on—him.

If the man who inspired you has which his bark went astray. If down, is a living lesson. Watch

lived up to his early promise, it he has succeeded the plain light of him, keep growing. That decidwill be gratifying to feel that you inspiration bridges the gap between ing factor in the equation of life

have likewise made good progress, him and you. is the Intelligent Will, supported

that you are still trailing him The other day a young man by an abiding faith.

w- -*m

McCune School of Music and Art

Sponsored hy the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Tracy Y. Cannon, Director

We Offer PRIVATE AND CLASS LESSONS in

Piano, Organ, Voice, Violin, Violoncello, Woodwind and

Brass Instruments, Theory of Music, Dramatic

Art, Dancing, to BEGINNERS and ADVANCED STUDENTS, TEACHERS, and ALL DESIRING TRAINING

Special attention given problems of choristers and organists

Accredited four year courses leading to Diploma or

Bachelor of Music Degree

A FACULTY OF DISTINGUISHED ARTIST TEACHERS

Moderate Tuition Fees—Send for Catalog

An Institutional Member of the National Association of Schools of Music

200 North Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

S&- J&

506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934

fell the caving with bank on pileaOf Course We're Saving for Ruff {Continued from page 472) to Hethe of boulders underneath,

The Improvement Era at our his right leg twisted under him. It

House!"snapped, and a sharp, sickening

ment, and when school started pain jarred his whole body. A

in the fall, he was a first class shower of debris from above fell scout, and the proud owner of around him. Another large chunk

a complete uniform. The gang of the bank gave way, and he was

had stopped teasing him, and were powerless to avoid it.

It struck him on the shoulder begrudgingly interested—but not

enough to go to a church to join and right arm, and knocked him the Boy Scouts. out into deep water. He fought

useless, right there his and arm was red. yellow, Lacolor—orange,Trees were becoming a riot of to get his head above water, but right a terrific in his pain was to mar's scout training taught him

appreciate these things. It seemed shoulder.

to him that he had never before It flashed through his mind that experienced the beauties of nature. struggling was futile. He let himThe very air felt animated and alive self go limp, and clamped his left

with its tangy freshness. And here hand over his mouth and nose. He

and there a small flower still felt himself bob on the surface, and brightened some forgotten nook. knew his buoyancy had lifted him.

Having received permission of He raised his head suddenly, and

Judge Jones to explore his wooded saw the tip of a submerged stump

ANOTHER and Father both say tract south of the city, Larnar ob- a few feet away. He reached for

we just can't get along without tained a boy to work in his place it as he went under again. His

the Era, and all of us kids agree at the grocery store one Saturday, hand touched it, slipped, found it with them. and took his mess kit, potatoes, again, and held.

"It isn't so hard either. We just onions, a carrot, a piece of salt pork,

hang the Era envelope where it's and a notebook, and left for the J.HE water was cold

handy and then all of us, when we woods shortly after sunup. The and deep. He was a good swimhave a penny, a nickle, a dime, or food was for a stew; the notebook, mer, as he had demonstrated to

a quarter slip it into the little slit for observations of birds, animals, become a first class scout, but he and there you are. When our suband plants. knew he could not swim to shore

scription is up, there are the two Soon after walking the mile to with a broken leg and a dislocated dollars waiting for the agent or to the woods, and climbing over the shoulder.

go direct to the Era. rail fence, he saw a flash of scarlet He was a good twenty feet from

"Mother says, 'This is our misin the top of a giant oak on the the rocky, perpendicular bank sionary fund. Until we have a bank of a wide creek which ran which had caved with him. Even

boy or girl old enough to carry the through the woods. Then a red if he could reach it, he could not

Gospel to the world, we'll support bird circled the tree. It was joined climb out. It was a long sixty

The Improvement Era and do our by another which had dull colorfeet to the foot of the towering part toward sending it free to the ing. Both disappeared. oak where the bank was a sandy,

missionaries.'Whenever we read He stalked the pair. Feeling gentle slope. It was even farther

one of those fine letters from a missomething rub against his leg, he to the other side of the creek.

sionary telling how the Era has jumped, then laughed. Ruff had The torture of his dislocated

seemed like a visitor from home followed him as he did at every right shoulder and the grinding

Dad says, 'You see, youngsters, you opportunity. He reached down pains of his broken leg were exhelped do that.'And are we and scratched the dog's ears afcruciating. He fought to retain

proud fectionately. Ruff wagged his tail consciousness; attempted to shout

"Two pictureshow tickets a and yelped joyously. for help, but his voice was hysmonth will more than do it. My A high bank near the tree promterical, and he grimly recognized

sister Bess and I have agreed to stay ised better observation. It overthe futility of making himself

away from some picture we wanted looked a deep pool where the creek heard a quarter of a mile away to see, just so we'll know how to formed a wide bend, and from it where automobiles roared toward sacrifice for others. Lamar saw his reflection in the the city on the paved highway.

"If you're having trouble getting placid water. The few white On top of the treacherous bank,

that two dollars for the Era, I'd clouds, the blue sky, and the big he saw Ruff stretching his neck suggest a For The Improvement oak tree were mirrored in the cold and wrinkling his nose; heard his

Era envelope."water. Tiny fish skirted the many perplexed barking. Then he lost

Good idea, Jack; we'It back up boulders under the bank. his hold on the slippery, submerged

that suggestion, and will mail an He looked at the tree, saw the stump, and went under. He

envelope free to any address upon scarlet bird, noticed the tuft of fought desperately, got his head request. feathers on the head, and started above water, saw the stump beside Addfess to enter this in his notebook. Then him, struggled, and obtained a hold

The Improvement Era it seemed as though the earth openon it again. The pains from his

50 North Main Street, ed beneath his feet, and he felt shoulder and leg were racing

Salt Lake City, Utah himself falling. through his body, and he writhed

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934 507

in agony, fighting off fainting you fix some temporary splints for of course. We'll run over to the

spells, clamping his teeth together. my leg, and put my shoulder back highway, and stop a car and take

Ruff was on the bank which in place?"he asked. you to the hospital first. But later,

had caved, whining frantically. "We never learned anything like will you take us to meeting?"

He called through chattering teeth that,"Butch said. "Could you do "Sure. But I won't be able to

to the dog, and his numb fingers it to one of us?"go for a long time, now that my

lost their hold on the slippery "Yes. That's part of the boy leg's broken."

stump. Under he went, but he scout training.""Gee. That is tough."

heard a heavy splash, felt some- "Can you beat it!"Butch ex- "But I'll have Judge Jones take

thing gripping his coat collar; claimed. "There must be more to you down and introduce you. He

could feel the sudden pressure on this scouting than we thought. sure is a swell guy. All the scout

his throat as the cloth was twisted Could we join? Not right now, leaders are swell guys."

and jerked. Then his head struck

something hard, and the shock to his dislocated shoulder and broken leg drove consciousness from him. Henager Students Win At World's Fair

Finally, Lamar opened his eyes. Something rough

and wet and warm was being rubbed over his face. He raised his

left hand. Ruff stopped licking

him, and whined.

Lamar turned his head painfully, and saw that he had been dragged to the gentle, sandy slope under the giant oak tree. But he was

still partly in the cold water.

The pain in his leg and shoulder was terrific. He shifted his position and eased the pain as best he

could. The effort brought large,

black spots before his eyes. The

dog licked his face again, then ran barking into the woods.

After a time, the helpless Lamar heard excited voices. Exerting

himself, he twisted his head, and saw a bunch of the gashouse gang,

Butch at their head. They pulled

him out of the water, and Butch held his left hand while he explained his predicament.

"That's tough!"the gang leader

exclaimed. "Ruff met us at the Miss Beth Anderson, of Lehi, Utah, right, was a winner in the Typewriting event

vacant lot where we were playing of the International Commercial School Contest held at Chicago June 28. Miss

ball. He'd dash around, barking Virginia Martin, of Tooele, (inset) was awarded a cup for typewriting the onlyand yelping. Then he'd run away. perfect test out of 453 contestants.

Finally he like howled being he was to death,whipped at sprang me, It will pay you to attend a school that is producing Winners and has a National grabbed the heel of my shoe, and Reputation.

jerked me off my feet. Then he Completion of one of our Courses will be the Best Investment you could possibly

backed away, snarling and watchmake. 157 calls for office help have been received so far this year and all positions

ing have not been filled. Positions are available to those qualified.

"When I got to my feet, he got down on his belly and crawled FALL TERM STARTS SEPTEMBER 4 to me, whining and begging. Then New students may enroll during August in advance of the regular opening.

he jumped up, and dashed down the street. He stopped and looked Write, phone or call for catalog. Visitors welcome any time. Mention Era in writing.

back howling.

"Then we tumbled that maybe something folwrong, was and HENAGER BUSINESS COLLEGElowed him. raced yelped, and He

ahead, returning to bark at our D. B. MOENCH, Mgr.

heels like he wanted us to hurry. 45 E. Broadway Wasatch 2753

"He brought us here."LARGEST AND BEST EQUIPPED COMMERCIAL SCHOOL IN

"Good old Ruff!"Lamar scratchINTERMOUNTAIN TERRITORY

ed the dog's ears. "Can one of

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934

piece of pipe the he called Wings extendedairplane. fromA longwhat

(Continued from page 461) engine. In it, up to the shoulder, Bring Us

thrust. $ one arm was for Expert Devel- ]8h Your KODAK FILM

oping* Enlarging. Printing and the her arm, Mary, baby on

I a jiffy."in I bet have him home to him. went out mail orders. of town We solicit it nearer hour an But was when

is matter?"the on earth "What returned to the harStrubel Mrs. she demanded. Materials Utah Photo Co. assed mother, handed. empty "It's arm, Moth'. I can't Incorporated my place,""I've she every been conit get out,"sobbed. he SUPPLIES PHOTO fessed. airport. to the "Even And

it in?"27 West South Temple nobody seems to have caught a "But why did you put

25 Years in Business glimpse of him."'Cause Buddy nearly kicked

it out when he was sleeping, and Correct Kodak Finishing—Hand Colored "Then we'd better telephone to

Scenic Views the police,"Mary said tremulously. I was trying to fix it straight."

Wasatch 2235 "Could I use your telephone, Mary bent over the writhing

Mrs. Strubel?"child. "Try,"she begged, as she

"I'll go."gave his shoulder a tug.

Hurriedly the kindly old woman A shriek went up from David.

Attention Bishops! started to cut across the yard. At She ripped back the blouse sleeve.

Help the missionary work along the same moment little Rosemary's The shoulder was fiery red.

at the cry came from under the trees: "It is swollen, dear; that is why.

BUREAU OF INFORMATION "Mother, here's Buddy, fast But please, please try!"

by getting your asleep way down inside David's "My lands, if he hasn't got his

Sacrament Sets airplane!"she was shouting exarm caught,"Mrs. Strubel exas them, toward claimed, she came From Us citedly. pitcher. a plate carrying and NEW LOW PRICES: Mary ran across the yard. A

to I Water don't SILVER know what "And little head coming was rumpled dozen platedtray—heavywith three is "It helplessly. said Mary sides of the do,"glasses the above 916.00 into view

Extra glasaea $1.00 and $1.25 per., doz. packing box. He looked around. malleable* A. ** iron, so we can't break

BREAD TRAYS $7.50 "Me hungry,"he announced It.

Bureau of Information cheerfully. "Likely it will have to be filed

Block Temple Salt Utah The baby had wakened and beoff,"her neighbor advised. I'll Lake City,

gan to whimper. Mary went to tell you. George just drove in. I'll

it, Mrs. Strubel in her wake. get him to run down to his boss's

"Lands, if you haven't had a shop and get some files."

NOBODY CAN day,""Therethe latterdoesn'twasseemsaying.much left was"Oh,sobbing.Moth', it hurts so,"David

Strudear—oh, Mrs. STOP LOSS. to "Well,happen,"hereMarynow,agreedit's wearily.gettin'bel,"Iifknow,you would!"

late,"Strubel insisted. Mrs. Strubel's voice "George!"Mrs "You EVERYBODY lustily. tracks for that rose better be makin'

CAN AVOID airport."A few minutes later young

flivver Strubel's old was George IT THROUGH AfterMaryfour.glanced at her wrist watch. road. the rattling wildly down

"It doesn't seem worth while,"For a quarter of an hour the two INSURANCE she said. women sat with the boy. Then

"You'll feel different when you the baby on Mary's arm began to get over there and see all that wail.

crowd. You don't want to miss "I was just going to feed her,"

When you come here that grand chance to go up in the Mary explained.

for insurance you get it, plane.""Go right in. I'll stay with

coupled with attentive, "I never wanted to do anything this poor lamb, and give him and experienced service. This so badly in my life,"Mary began. Rosie something to eat while we

is an agency of the Utah "I'm hungry, Moth',"David's wait,"Mrs. Strubel said.

Home Fire Insurance Co. voice"I brokegot a pitcherin. of milk on the derMaryher asfeltsheherwent.knees Sheshakingbeganunto

ice, and fresh cookies,"Mrs Strubel reheat the chilled gruel, walking announced. "I'll go get them."the floor with the crying child.

What next? she wondered dully.

"Mis'Mis'Brown!"Brown! off. bustled Mary loHE UTAH HOME FIRE

It It door. Mrs. Strubel her was went toward own

INSURANCE CO. was time for the baby's gruel. She Mary somehow found strengthcalling.to

left. the she that before go David walk again. manage down HEBER J. GRANT 8C CO. would excitedly about. dancing for the to pot was She was waiting

General Agents heat when she heard the scream. "We got it out,"Mrs Strubel

Salt Lake City, Utah She rushed to the door. Down announced. "I just kind of give:

in the yard David hung over his it a little twist, and there you are!"

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934 509

"Mother, when do we have sup- "Being sorry doesn't help,"she Mary stopped short at sight of per?"Rosemary piped. declared tempestuously. "I wish her friend's face. It gleamed a

"What time is it anyway?"Mrs. I'd never married, or if I did, not chalky white in the moonlight.

Strubel asked. let a family tie me down like this. "I can't stop, Mary,"Rose said

clever as might her. told five,"I'm just "Nearly Mary as Rose—I voice. a strained "I'm on my if I in too, big, something done I said have to she go,"got "My, then to the airport to a borrow way doing so afraid of not been hadn'tregretfully. won't you bad 'Too

get your grand time after all!"my duty to the rest of you. I'm plane. I'm taking off for Los

Angeles at once.""It doesn't matter,"Mary said sick of it—and from now on I'm."wearily as she started toward the going to look out for myself—

bungalow. Her voice suddenly broke, and

she rushed blindly toward fields turning, across the Suddenly from MAKE MONEY the house. f <t Tfomecame of the band. the sound Above

steady income each week, at home,it rose the blast triumphant of an TARN*-'coloring photos workingoil. miniatures and Learn famous several hours was IT "Koehne weeks. Method"in few this done by inWorkairplane whistle. big method experience demand. art talent nor No front sat later that on the Mary needed. independent thia become inMany for way. Send short. face stopped free Mary Her booklet, at "Make Money Home."waiting moonlight, in the porch NATIONAL Inc. SCHOOL, ART heavenward.went and David 3601 Michigan 111. Avenue, Dept. Chicago, arrival 418-C She of Hutton. the Rose

Rosemary came to her side. sat alone. The children slept.

"What is it, Moth'? David David had disappeared. The

asked. evening had been a strained one.

"I think it is your Aunt Rose After her outburst on her husstarting her flight,"Mary said band's arrival, she had sunk into lifelessly. ELECTRIC The music grew louder. Then aarticulatenesssort of stonyheldsilence.him David'squiet, unin-

suddenly above it rose the whirr able to express his sympathy; unof propellors and from over the willing perhaps, too, to say anysilverhorizon it plane, thing that might further rub raw soared—a SERVANTSsweeping gracefully across the skynerves. her overwrought

line. Mary had no desire to make any

overtures of peace. She still was Will McLOTIONLESS, Mary smoldering under her great disapthere,stood the baby on her Life arm, pointment. seemed suddenly

clutching her skirt,Buddy the Banish drab, hopeless. David was this Nor

andher—herRosemarytired staringeyes liftedawedtobesidethat firsthad known.pang of Morediscouragementthan once thereshe Drudgery

sweep of silver wings, leaving the had come to her, as she tried to raise earth so far it little feeling below. a family, her was And time to is a good make of unNowthere her as her husband revolt; trapped. voiced of saw being he modern, and your home

came up the walk. At sight of But it took today's accumulation joy the wonderful advantagesenthe little group his jaw dropped. of trouble to bring it all to a head. of allelectric service

"Mary, I thought you'd be gone Sitting there alone, she brooded.

long before this!"he exclaimed. Might there not yet be some way

could once she were escape? I?"she of Suppose demanded "How

in a metallic voice. the Cleanliness in to try didn't "Trudy to do something more

come, and Buddy was lost, and business world? Many modern

got hisDavid wives doing it. She could were arm caught—and, Convenienceoh, everything went her stenography and wrong."brush up on

Her husband's tired face grew get a position. She would gladlycompassionate. pay some woman to take charge of Comfort

"Oh, and you didn't get to fly,"the house. Anything—anything

burst regretfully. from a little, him freedom. Of course,—for

to fly?""Get his wife repeated never she could hope to equal Rose Economy

after him. there be "No, I didn't!"might a few Her now. But

voice rose hysterically yet CALL AT OUR LOCAL exaltation for of as the penther moments it must mean STOREup worry and disappointment of—just a taste of what

the day swept over her. "Flying, to her friend when she soared You will not be obligated,I'm afraid, will never be for me; among the clouds—surely a heavbut we will be glad to show

not as am tied down Attractive of the models

I since I have been I am sonow—aslong as I Refrigerator enlydown—feeling of not being tied Electricyou Range,

married. Worry and work and Mary was brought out of her and Water Heater. Also we

lastminding there at loomed money, when no thought it is will easy explain babies—no how

car.clothes, not gate the before the big gray even a chance to enjoy start to enjoying for you

one day's real pleasure—oh, I have She got up and went down the them.

no illusions left. I'll always be walk. Rose Hutton came across

the sort that has to plod along the roadway. But to Mary's surwith their feet on the ground!"prise she was in her flying togs, UTAH POWER

clothes rather she "I'm evening than the sorry, honey,"David began the 8 LIGHT CO. humbly. to expected her to wear had

She whirled on him. banquet. *=

510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934 'p—H"li p W"'""My dear, what is it?""I don't deserve your sympathy, "It's Larry—"Rose said, in the Mary. I robbed that man of

same unnatural voice. "He's been everything—even his God, since he found—shot."could do a thing like this. But I've

"My dear! How did it haphad my awakening. Oh, it didn't

pen? just commence tonight. For some

"Attempted suicide, I'm afraid."time I have begun to realize what

"Oh, no!"a hollow, empty thing life can be

"He had threatened to! And if when you have sacrificed everything

he dies, I have killed him."for a worldly motive. But by that

"Rose, time seemed Larry numbed—lost you're saying!"her arms threw Rose Hutton you don't know what—"

well,"the other too "Only friend. her about Mary, "Oh,

lifelessly. said ''We've woman to choose wise have been you been how practically separated for years the worthwhile things of life—to

and Larry's been drinking."have made a real home for your

gasped. Mary kind Dave—to "I thought you were both so to your mother bebabies—andsuch a dear tolittledo

happy."it all so uncomplainingly."

"I was happy,"Rose exclaimed bitterly. I for a while "Or SUDDEN blush A f was. thought I know I You cheeks. burned Mary's

boasted that I didn't intend to "I'm not half so noble as you make a household drudge of mythink."self. Then came flying—-and for "You're an angel,"her friend

I thrilled awhile over was what eyes her went said brokenly. Then

I was away Utah's Pioneer Printers I achieving—carried her wrist to now, watch. "And

praise, the the the fame, with go."must and Bookbinders it all."of glamor

Is there fly no Rose? "But—to her hands. She out threw other way?"Church perMagazines bound the of meantime, "In poor what getting "It's quickest the of manently attractively way and the Larry? wanted normal He little at cost. if to spares to Larry. But him God

life, of things the that things every it is last flight."me, in designs Newest my Wedding reflect: a household should home, Social Stationery. and weeping her stood where Mary

children, the love of sympathy and left her. of friend shock had The Faces. Modern Type wife. his gethe But what was

it all her. Rose, held Poor whom ting? nothing. Really Oh, PrintPublication and Book envied! often so it she had wasn't that ing. he was selfish—Larry pity, her welling with up And

I that, if never was could and have feeling shame, of a sudden came Printing. Music a profescombined domestic and after enlightenment. and How,

career, sional he have been would Forms. Record at feel revolt this, she ever could

last the to object."

fail lot, deto realize, her or own ESTIMATES CHEERFULLY GIVEN "It has been done, my dear,"spite tribulations be might what said consolingly. Mary

hers, chosen indeed she that had rare instances, "In persome what her friend called the "worth haps,"her friend conceded wearily.

to just have things?"while Why, to willing wasn't consider "But $Jr?00 praise for gentle some Davy's

it. heart in whole was MyI my her little all service the worth was career. time, drifting In began29 Richards we Lake City, Utah ISt.—Salt a plaudits gaping crowd. of To apart. Larry Poor worse than was *m Hm little bible David's have was young homeless. He went and down all in the the trophies world. worth

I raise didn't and down, hand my little surely friendly one And BE INDEPENDENT to save him."

the outor Vocation from Buddy, Other So Profitable! No "Oh, poor Rose, I am so sorry!"chucklestretched Alice, of arms was baby ENROLL NOW exclaimed. at the Mary Course a Complete For all for worries the recompense

motherhood could heap upon her.

Quish School of Beauty Culture Suddenly Mary raised her head.

The Best in the West Realization It came across the fields—the whirr

304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. By L. P. Roberts of propellors. She knew it was

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Rose, taking off. She scanned the

said you were of me, "VTOU unworthy Information For Further sky. there the big Yes, it came, * dear, Catalog Call and silver plane. that I proposed, When lovely summer 7560 or Wasatch

it it until stood watching night. Mary Fill in This

Coupon And, now that we've been married for a was out of sight. Watching it

year, envy. without it seemed Suddenly

I must admit, my darling, you were to her as tragic as a lost spirit trying right.

to find its way through the lonely night..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934 51

Let's Talk About Personality DON'T (Continued from gage 475) fit by eating—h* LET THE Keep FLEISCHMANlSrS

runbefore longer a littleremain.. fresh YEAST HOT habit the Eventually, away.ning

Keep fit by eating Fleischmann's becomes thinking constructiveof fresh Yeast. This natural simple pleastakeseasier, on a your mind WEATHER relieves food constipation and a find new youant orderliness,

tones the system. whole up The power, satisfaction and ofkind

is result better better digestion and UPSET strength. With courage andnew

appetite. returns energy Your increased will comethis power new

in are fine to condition and you to form straight, think toability you!

the withstand discomforts of hot to ideas, make concepts andright weather. Eat three cakes of better judgto decisions, formtruer

Fleischmann's Yeast every day and choice. reasonable exercise toments,

better health. sale enjoy at On will thinking imperfectImpulsive, FLEISCHM4NNS stores, delicatessens, grocery soda

posiYEAST to more givegradually way fountains restaurants. and VITAWNSB G D of habits constructivetive, more

thinking and as time goes on, you will find it less necessary to say, "I'm sorry, I didn't think.""It

turned out badly but it seemed like a good idea at the time.""I see

now that it wasn't the logical thing to do,"- - - Call to Help Here We're on Us the hygiene, mental aid to an As

Pictures, pictures, toeverywhere! the house, Around at the club—today, wholesome music and goodvalue of

literature cannot be overestimated. morrow, this weekend. Get your Kodak out!

for us Call on Verichrome, want stimulant. mental is a films,—you music finishing—youGood

service. careful our want picturemaking here to For of information—we'recourse. For the rut out of andIt lifts one up

help. reaches the upper intoof monotony

inexalts, A complete selection of Eastman Cameras is always in stock here—Kodaks It refines, sublimity.of

spires. Wholesome literature furn- {55.00 up, and Brownie cameras for as little as 2.25.

ishes concrete concepts of the constructive forces of life. We learn EASTMAN KODAK STORES

to recognize the motivating power Incorporated of unselfish love, the power of 155 South Main Street—Salt Lake City, Utah

truth, the value of honesty and the nobility of tolerance. In short, <mt +,,, tm dh.-dfcfc

the consistent reading of good literfills a vitally importantature need Salt Lake City's Newest Popular Hotel of personality developmentin the and we find that soon, we can depend upon our minds to see us through any given situation. HOTEL

Successful mental adjustments pave the way for social, emotionaland kindred adjustments and thus TEMPLE we place our feet firmly on the first step on the stairway to a charmingpersonality. SQUARE

200 Rooms each with Tile Bath Faith Rates T7AITH is the first principle of the $1.50 to $4.00

gospel of our Lord and the Radio Connections for to all growthmoving power deEvery Room temporally and progress,velopment and spiritually, and has been from Opposite Great Mormon Temple the beginning of time and will ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager

forever continue—J.to be.A. Buttle.

pvov ogL -onnACKjoxAl

red dress velvet a or redder red that lipstick recenty received is used letter than was the Conference echo from JuneAN that even so smelled wonderful anything, and or beads Saltair Thomas of M. the manager from Beach—Mr. wonderful. smell so couldn't flavoring, 8 lemon, vanilla even or June attendance that reports the onWheeler—who bright oh, door, lived next with eight Rose Laurel and was years. last ten in similar the day anyM. A. day—exceeded better that hair, a there was once yellow Sunday and was inspiragreatest I. the gives that to day A.He statesI. him M.

tion of any day in the holiday season, and highly comthan the rest of the days. It's not done, the story, or named,

mends the organization on its personel. In that crowd of but I see them laughing, and smell that day. It will happen

7000 there was not a single case of lawbreaking. soon."And she adds: "Kiss the Era secretary delicately

her to letter her for about buy made want me. me Your preexcellent the reply that perhaps Mr. Wheeler we

gold like cookies things. or some She wouldn't pinkTO delightful the at Saltair the and for paration crowd

bracelet she?"something, or a Chinese or would the slippers for in a measure accounts offeredentertainment them

appreciation which they manifest in their conduct. Without "YKTHEN a note from Ardyth Kennelly, who has yellow hair

the cooperation of the management of Saltair M. I. A. day herself, we believe, comes in the Era mail, it is an occould not be the lovely thing at has become. casion in the office. You can see how it would be, can't

i i i you, readers?

WRITES MISSIONARY A carries Arizona/ on woodruff, the S. during the a for L. and missionary Church D. AM Charles subscriptions, the for campaign Era REGARDINGI it the privilege to on has work been past months four my

so writes: nonmembers were "There Turley many H. Montana. northeastern in reservation Our IndianFort Peck

it that interest stake in campaign made our showed my who sacred the delighted there friends with seemIndian up

I contest this friendly climbed heart for have cry joy! For Please to bring them. forefathers theirrecord of which we

trees stripped carrots, apples, cane and picked made and dug Indian copies of the three this for number orderconsider an rabbits. grain molasses, sold even chickens, Lord and The friends the I to to intend forward the on Era,of which

to this in dear things of placed plenty old world has buy respect the tolerance sure and reservation. which I'm we * * * it if in. will reach gather only out and with Eras we is clearly for theas S. Lamanite hold shown members L. D.

tree, I apples, a In on, 'Carry picking the of top sang life the in as recorded study for Indian the enthusiasmby carrots carry sang digging carry while on, on!'and we the Era. of numberMarch

last I. the in says that Isaiah days Thee.'Hail 'M. A. We S. Hart."Newell Elder "Signed:

so convincing to the the issue of Indian was Era spears into pruning hooks. We have beat farm produceTHE nations shall beat their swords into plowshares and their

his vacation to that chose he spend Editor Managing in into Eras.

firsthand information and obtain couldMexico, where he Stake (of which Snowflake Woodruff INCIDENTALLY, the Lamanites. regarding personal observation Themake Era * contest; place in the wonder! is a part) took first and no

its future his in of conclusions to readerswill carry some issues. f -f -f SAFETY CAMPAIGN GOES ON sent Bulletin, editorial the in Blackfoot by from IS EXPRESSIVE VIRGINIA WEST AN follows: part in as O. quote Buchanan, V. "The we eagerly the the in mission field of I. A. members M. all I. is project Safety of this year that and A. summer M.

receiving Era to ImprovementWE look forward The care are the use to cautioned utmost highways on each members month. In our small branch we have nearly twice our quota and other places where accidents are most likely to occur, and

of subscriptions, for by using the Era we are able to keep to do their part in lowering the abnormally high death up to date in our Mutual work. To know that we are rate, resulting from carelessness in driving on the highways.

having the same programs for our Sunday night conjoint "Ordinarily such a resolution would pass unnoticed, but the meetings as are being given throughout the various wards M. I. A. will uphold its suggestion and good results will be

this feel great a part orus ofand branches more makes elicit surprise in statement forthcoming. some This may

articles, I of think theganization. Personally Power "The quarters, the the here not but members of where we know

are the price Jordan, alone worth GeorgeTruth"by Wm. realize their the teachings zeal in and upholding M. I. A.of a year's subscription to the Era—to say nothing of those and doctrines of those in authority. Demon Speed is a

too few lovely stories and poems by Ardyth Kennelly. partner of Death Curve in this county. They vie with

"Signed: Frances Heninger (Charleston Branch)."one another for the distinction of cutting the widest swath in

f / i the ranks of our people. Both can be relegated to oblivion

SOMEONE ELSE LIKES MISS KENNELLY * * * a long step in putting them in the background will attained It been action will of the A. by the I I M. I. favorite writing will mention Era have am myWHILE

I. all be a day people the the adopt happy when A. M. Holly. story, Kennelly. about Ardyth The one by

first slogan a safety firmly so becomes; when program story theI can't the and remember but remember do name

shall that impressed upon our minds at the shudder weI loved. as be the author she would hoped love Holly My

list list casualty peacetime dead."do the of war as we ends: far willows is thefavorite which thus one about poem

'O Maker of willows, and Maker of Men, Thanks for TT is the belief of the Era that M. I. A. officers and members

making them new again.'May the Lord bless you in your * everywhere will live up to the expectations of those who

efforts to publish what is beautiful and good. have confidence in their fidelity to an accepted project.

"Signed: Laurie Mason (British Columbia)."Remember the three toots

Nelson, is "Recreation,"mentioned by Lowry poemTHE

Journal was printed and in The Young Woman's before ARE WE WORKING1 TOWARDi i BETTER FILMS?

it became part of The Improvement Era. We feel the same A LETTER from an Association of Church Magazinesabout it—and about Holly. Read the next letter and see ** says: "The editorial in The Improvement Era (for

what the creator of Holly has in mind for you. June) was most pleasing, inasmuch as many are hoping that

ARDYTH KENNELLY'S LETTERS ARE NICE, TOO picturesthose whowillarejoininterestedin publishingin the factscampaignand ideas,for cleanso thatmovingthe

She writes: people may know. We hope that your magazine, with the

PRETTY soon I'll send you one about Laurel, with unrepresentative organizations behind it, will get into the believable eyelashes, who thought that no matter what thing with all your power and try to lift the weight of anybody said, Sunday was never as good as the rest of the wrong values which the present type of movies forces upon days; and about Rose, so beautiful she melted you somehow the youth of the land, with inevitably disastrous results.

inside, so clever you could never stop being amazed, who Congratulations upon that editorial and upon your screen dipped chocolates, and went to Dances and had beaus, who page I"

CAMPUS VIEWED FROM THE AIR THE Highest of Educational Values ARE OFFERED BY The University of Utah

Served by forty departments. A broad curriculum guarantees a wide

choice in academic and professional fields.

Send for a free catalogue and consider the opportunities available for advanced study in the State's largest institution of higher learning.

SCHOOLS OF ARTS AND SCIENCES, EDUCATION, BUSINESS,

MEDICINE, LAW, ENGINEERING THE LOWER DIVISION Two years of college work providing orientation and a background for further study and advancement in a chosen field.

GRADUATE WORK THE EXTENSION DIVISION

Leading to the Master's degree Classes of interest and value to all

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH M* L A. Members

We're calling your attention to the wisdom of obtaining

Beneficial Life Insurance while you are yet young.

Physical fitness and youth are certificates that entitle you to many valuable advantages—Lower Rates—

Better Returns. Policies—Bigger

A few dollars invested each year in a Beneficial SafetySavings Contract will eliminate the rainy day.

Pave the way ahead and assure yourself a future path of joy, satisfaction and success.

THERE IS NO BETTER FOUNDATION ON

WHICH TO BUILD

Directors HEBER J. GRANT

A. W, IVINS

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

GEO. J. CANNON

E. T. RALPHS

JOS. F. SMITHB. F. GRANT illANG OMPA

DAVID O. MCKAY

A. B. C. OHLSON HEBER J- GRANT, PRESIDENT Home office salt Lake City E. T. RALPHS. GEN. MSF