.**

TO THE COUNCIL

Also in this issue Some Paragraphs on Horn'BY PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY

Lessons for Living BY PRESIDENT MARION D. HANKS

The Era of Youth; Looking Ahead

? s harnify: A bilver Linn

he IttiDroui7wnt E January 1961

Released Missionaries Midyear High School Returning Servicemen

Graduates, College transfers

You can gain a full semester of college this school year

Plan NOW to register at BYU on Feb. 6

Brigham Young University, one of the great universities of the world, draws students from every state in the nation and scores of foreign countries to study in the 58 departments of its eleven colleges. BYU students are in demand because of their balanced Brigham Young

academic, physical, and spiritual education in an ideal social climate. Plan now to attend. Write immediately for admission.

Send inquiries to Public Relations Department. UNIVERSITY

PROVOUTAH * *% X

THINNER

CRISPER FRESHER

BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Snowflakes It has become conventional to reppurity SUPREME resent ice crystals of snowflakes as a symmetrical sixpointed dendrite.Actually, snowflakes can be in a SALTINES

wide variety of forms and combinations including needles, scrolls, are all new... and in a

plates, and columns, the form depending on the temperature and bright new formation.humidity at The vertical

conditions can actually be recorded by a snowflake as it falls through package the atmosphere, resulting in a history to be read from the outside to the inside of the flake. Each atmospheric condition has a characteristic type of growth.

/ Q Study

Studies at the University of California, Berkeley, have found that gifted students are less authoritarian and show more esthetic and intellectual interest than other students. r<HKS!*s,:;:;:: '

Albatross

The albatross is the largest of flyTry new Supreme Saltines (formerly Saltine Crackers by ing creatures with a wing spread of Purity)... and enjoy the thinnest, crispest, freshest

up to twelve feet and weight up to saltines you've ever eaten. Serve them with hearty hot

26.75 pounds. With its long wings,

... rich, spicy chili... your favorite snackideal for gliding, it can fly without soup

wing beating when the wind velocity cheeses and spreads. They're the saltines you've

at sea level is at least 18 feet per known and liked for years—now better than ever.

second, according to Admiral William Jameson. Among other interesting facts, an albatross shot off the At your grocer's—look for the Supreme diamond on the

coast of Chile had a vial hung on its sparkling new red and green package neck with a message from a whaler in Zealand waters 3,150 miles New

Biscuit Purity Salt Co., Lake written 12 days before.away Biscuit Co., Denver Bowman SUPREMESALTINES Divisions Biscuit of United Co. of America

JANUARY 1961 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for January 1961 Volume 64, Number 1

Church Features

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

The Editor's Page: Some Paragraphs on Home, President David O. McKay.... 14 J. R. Hales, page 17

Your Question: Prophets—Keys—Priesthood, President Joseph Fielding Smith.. 16 CharlesDeseret Quilter,News photograph,20, 38 21

The Church Moves On, 8; Melchizedek Priesthood Page, "Lest We Forget,"50; Presiding DaleDale Kflbourn,Brvner, 2425,26 50

Bishopric's Page, 52. Siegfried Widmar, 64

ArmstrongRoberts, photograph, 34

Ruth Widmar, photograph, 36 Era staff: 12, 29

Special Features Fishers of Men: New Assistants to the Council of the Twelve.

Elder Nathan Eldon Tanner, John G. Kinnear 20

Elder Franklin Dewey Richards, Carter E. Grant 21

Elder Theodore M. Burton, Patricia Middleton 23

Lessons for Living, Marion D. Hanks 26

52 Quotes from the Book of Mormon 28

Their "Good Deed for the Day,"Omer A. Kearney 31

I Sold the Car and Took to My Feet, Julia Cooley Altrocchi 32

THE ERA OF YOUTH between pages 3233 "Clean Your Windshield, Lady?"Nora Collins 33

How to Overcome Fear, Ronald E. Smith 34

Go Ye Therefore and Teach, Reed C. Durham, Jr 36

Some Thoughts on Reading Speed, Walter E. Broman 38

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 40, 41, 42, 46

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 1; These Times: The Legacy of Freedom,

G. Homer Durham, 12; Letters and Reports, 4; On the Bookrack, 60.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

There Is a Silver Lining 54 Soup Surprises 58 The Last Word 64

Stories, Poetry

Tall Son, Gladys Grethe Nelson 17

Something Special from Johnny, Margaret Bunel Edtvards 24

Poetry * 19, 27, 44, 58

THE COVER:

Individual photographs of the most recently called General The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah AuthoritiesChrist of Latterdayof the ChurchSaints ofappearJesus on our cover. Elders Nathan Eldon

Tanner, Franklin D. Richards, and

serve as Burton Theodore M. now Editor; Editor; Associate Editors; C. Josephson, Managing L. Managing Evans, Green, L. L. Zobell, Richard Marba Albebt andDavid O. Doyle

Editorial of the Assistants Today's Judith to the Pinnock, Middleton, Stephan, FamilyJr., McKayEditor; Carter Florence Grant, Patricia CouncilResearch Kinnear, G. John

Associate Editor; Art Directors. Editor; Youth Era Reynolds and RalphAssociates; Youth Hanks, Maryon,B. E.The EraEditor; Elaine of D. Cannon, Ed The Marion 21, also and pages 20, Twelve. (See

S. Editors. Harris, Contributing Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry, F. Bennett, FranklinArchibald G. Jr., Hugh Durham,of Homer 23.)

Director; Subscription Associate Manager; Business A. General F. Snabr, General Bentley, Manager; Manager; T, Scott, S. Reeder, Verl Glenn BerthaJoseph

Thayer Evans, Regional Advertising Representative.

Inc., of Saints. All rights ChristCopyright Latterday published Funds, and Associations of the Church 1960 by Mutual of Jesus Mutual Improvement by the

special issues. for year, price foreignreserved. Subscription except in advance; in advance; subscriptions, $3,00 a single copy, $3-50 a year, 50c

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of V&c

a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

notice days'Thirty cannotchanges be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverhy DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

.

1. THE REFINER'S FIRE

Alvin R. Dyer

Historical highlights of the Church in

Missouri, written by Mission President year who served in this area and made a thorough historical study of this final for a fuller gatheringstudy withplacerareof photographsZion. An illuminatingof early

church history sites.

2.95 richer life

.. READ

2. A READER

3. TOWARD A FOR THE TEACHER

BETTER LIFE Mark E. Petersen READER StartCompiledthe newby A.yearHamerrightReiserwith

FOB THE this discursive book on effecaddressesThe over fortycontainedarticlesin thisand

TEACHER tivecles areteaching.written Selectedby prominentartisinglePetersen'svolumephilosophyexpress ofElderlife

LDS teachers, past and presas it spans a myriad of subthe to parenthood from ent, and cover every facet ll of jects,building of Temples. Includes

instruction. These have been selections such popular as:

Ml***9""- published over the years in Add to Your Faith—Virtue, The Instructor magazine. "On My Honor,"etc.

Vi:-:;; '., ":, '- 3.50 3.50

4. COMMENTARY ON

THE BOOK OF MORMON - Vol. V 5. ANCIENT AMERICA

George Reynolds and.ssrasiss'Sf SPEAKS

Janne M. Sjodahl Leland H. Monson

five Volume in this compreMB* gIPI Of hensive commentary on Book Nephi, VOW*'of scriptures Mormon covers oni—toAlma,nameMormon,but a fewMorthe final chapters in The -$ again walk the earth in maof Book (45 Alma through

63) dwells, and for the most jesty and power in these part, on the entire Book of it. dramatic sketches that Dr.

Helaman, explains difficult Monson has crystallized from sfe passages,backgroundoffersmaterial.a wealth of UfacAft.lfc*** Book of Mormon biographies.

2.00

111! "Iffll''I'Mimyi—lUMW—BMMMMMMUMI

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ) check { ) money order

for encircled (numbered) books: I 2 3 4 5. DeseretSBooh Co. ( ) I have an account. Please charge. Amount enclosed $

44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah. Name

"J"'."WIWWWP', ll"'''!"

Address....; V City............ Zone....... State.—.-.......

Residents of Utah include 2tyi% sales tax.

Visit our Ogden store at 2472 Washington Blvd.

REMARKABLY COMFORTABLE NEWDESIGN WOOD FOLDim Letters CHAIRS CORONET and Reports

NOT ON IT

"A"FRAME construction rigid No sag or sway-—permanentlycradles your figure DESIGN CONTOUR

STACK HIGH. Won't rock. They "nest"firmly

SIMPLE CLOSING ACTION. Silent and positive

No noisy rails or channels PADDED FOAM SEAT. Boltaflex cover

Choice of 14 colors RICHLY GRAINED wood. Durable satin finish

Especially suitable for Relief Society rooms or other extra "nice"areas.

Would you like a demonstration?

Write for the dealer inPats.yourPendingarea.

NORQUIST PRODUCTS, INC.

CHANDLER STREET, JAMESTOWN, NEW YORK

FREE

returned missionpercent (ninety of twentyfive Pictured are fifteen servicemen above a part chorusCOOKSAVE WARE aries) recently of a servicemen's Washington, Lewis, from Fort who were

COPPERTONE HALLITE COOKING who presented special programs in the various LDS wards in the Tacoma, Washington

UTENSILS BY WEAREVER area. The chorus, a part of 100 Latterday Saint Reserve Officers Training Corps, was

organized by LDS Chaplain Lawrence R. Rast and his assistant Ceorge Peterson. Programs were conducted by Jerry Valentine, Roy Ferrin, and Cary Cahoon, and the choir

Nationally was conducted by Ceorge Reynolds with Joel La Pray at the piano.

Advertised

Santa Ana, California Laurels and Ensigns last night when we

Dear Editors: used the Era of Youth in our Mutual class.

I just finished reading the October Era. A part of our lesson time was devoted to

Disto graces Say and No "How this congratulate wonsocial upon you we May fitted in creetly beautiissue. derful frying of 9-inch, Choice covered pan ($8.95 usual

to introduce the time fully. Era We.. took. Effectively"qt. article retail) or masteris a covered usual saucepan ($7.95 President 2V2 McKay's

retail). Bakelite handles, Coppertone covers. FREE piece. The "Era of Youth Telephone Tacof Youth to our kid,s, and they were really

for or addition. giving new account stopped $2,000 them we When (One gift per tics,"Talking,""How to Say impressed. "Look Who's

or addition.) account state choice. Please for crying material, they more, and were Say,""Conversation Did You No,""What

Current Rate Piece,""I'd Like to Know,""Letter to we sent them home to read for themselves.

Bob,"(if every bishop could talk and The material presented so far in the write to Bob and Tom and Bill) and the Era of Youth seems to have a great appeal feeling people. get the to our young I can be a better senior We how PBO article on* Save by Airmail. Postage Free.42%

they that are in a are impressed they thanks. Per Annum companion! Many Paid quarterly

May our Heavenly Father continue to pretty sharp and upto-date Church that * Funds postmarked by 10th earn from 1st. inspire all of you in every issue. has their interest at heart. Since you

The October issue is one of the very best couldn't be with us, we thought you would for our teenagers with an uplift on the like to know the youth are responding * All accounts insured to $10,000 outlook of life for the old timers too. warmly to your efforts and their leaders

by an agency of the Sincerely your brother, are grateful.

U. S. Government. Dr. R. I. Brockbank Sincerely,

PRUDENTIAL SAVINGS Long Beach 15, Calif. OrvalEnsignT. Ellsworth,Leader

H. N. BERGER, and ASSOCIATION LOAN Mona Jo Ellsworth,

President Leader Laurel Drive, Gabriel, Calif. Dear Elder Hanks and Sister Cannon: 534 Las Tunas W. San Descriptive Brochure Available We just want to say thank you! We Long Beach 3rd Ward

wish you could have seen the faces of our East Long Beach Stake

Thayer D. Evans and the Evans Quartet practicing in the Sons of the Utah Pioneers'Museum.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many!>.-rc*w*

talented people do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. Wsfui* Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine, product of General Foods

JANUARY 1961 m

Put your Nevada City, California

Dear Elder Hanks:

I feel compelled to write to you and WAITING tell you how much I appreciate the Youth section of the October issue of the Improvement Era. MONEY I was asked to be a guest speaker in the

to work at theBee articleHive classby Elainenot longCannonago andon I "Howused

girl in only I found class one the had who Western tothe Say 'No'Discreetly... Effectively."in the Era that could read home who

Savings herarticlefolksandcalledshe hadit tonotherseenattention.it, nor hadAll

the girls asked if they could get a copy—

I said yes and ran off 20 copies to include other girls in our MIA who may like it.

They were so glad, they said, to have someone to tell them what to do instead of what not to do! Some of the girls do

not belong to the Church but they come all the time....

May the Lord bless us all in helping us to teach our young people what to do and how to be original and stay "different."

Sincerely, How much is your money worth? When it's waiting, it's Mrs. Harry Peart

worthless. But when you put it to work in an

account at Western Savings in Salt Lake City, it's

Provo, Utah increasing in value every day. Here's how your money

Dear Editors:

works for you at Western: I caught my breath with wonder at the

Your money earns 4%, compounded semiannually. Your thisNovemberwas indeedEra cover,the Era!even beforeI quicklyI realizedleafed

money deposited by the 10th of the month earns from the pages, impelled to clarify the pleasant the 1st. Your money is insured to $10,000 by the Federal reaction to the gay color, the form and

Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation. thethe mystery.spirit of theYouneededhave, miracleindeed, ofcapturedtranslating the original Book of Mormon. Covers

Mail this coupon today: are to create a feeling for what is within.

Jtirkf, You chose a perfect time this month to

WESTERN SAVINGS break with the traditional, and to show that

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH weappreciationare modernof variousin communicationsart forms. IfandI

Enclosed is my check money order were not a member I know I woxild be Pi IP attracted to pursue the contents, so I have Please for $ open a savings already sent several copies student r.n WESTERNSAVINGS to my

of: in the account name daughter, in east, Evelyn, to the in use

Name P'in conversations with those who have inquired about our beliefs.

AND LOAN COMPANY iruir.Min It was a jov to find the cover a challenge,

(if a joint account put second name here) -*B EAST FIRST SOUTH M0BTGA0ES and art study in itself as well as an inviSALT LAKE CITY. UTAH tation to a 1960 scrutiny of the Book of

Address Mormon. Congratulations! the postage pays WESTERN

City State... BOTH WAYS Sincerely, you savehy-mail when

Stella Harris Oaks m

City, Salt Utah Lake THE Editors: CENTER OF Dear ( CONVENIENCE X. the just finished reading I have Novemrf***.<m, K NEW AMERICA berI issuehave ofenjoyedthe Improvementso much theEra.testimony COO&f4 MOTEL of the different Presidents, the pictures by

is I a issue think this Friberg, and 320BEAUTYBEAUTIFUL ROOMS5HOP Arnold MAINSALONAI FIFTH SA8BERSOUTH this just to I masterpiece. take wanted

opportunity of telling you how my wife and I enjoyed it.

Mrs. Fairbanks joins me in sending our

best wishes.

Sincerely, salt lake city Lynn R. Fairbanks

J\lW...;

6 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The New Hammond Extravoice Organ in walnut.

This new Hammond Organ can be in your church next Sunday for the lowest Hammond price ever!

THE NEW HAMMOND ORGAN $895*. Only 25 Down 8xtoi)efce

If price has kept your church from enjoying the magnificent the graceful cabinetry that is also so compact: it occupies

music of a Hammond Organ, it needn't any more. but 4 ft. by 2 ft.

For now your church can own the newest Hammond model, the the famed Hammond craftsmanship that will assure faithful new Extravoice Organ, for the lowest price in Hammond history service, year after year.

-only $895.*

Don't deprive your church of a Hammond Organ any longer.

Call your and dealer today have Hammond him show your comdealer. Call your Hammond

allmittee features, of the Extravoice as: such

the rich tones of three keyboards, played from a single keyboard. HAMMOND ORGAN... music's most glorious voice

Hammond Organ Company, 4220 W. Diversey Ave., Chicago 39, 111.

] Please send free folder on Extravoice Organ.

] Please send free booklet on organ fund raising.

] Please send color catalog of Hammond church organs.

Name Church Address.

City Zone County State The Spinet Model of Concert Model of The I960, HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY the Organ. Hammond Organ. the Hammond

*Less Federal Excise Tax, F.O.B., Chicago; bench extra.

JANUARY 1961 quality The Church copper printing

plates color process Moves On or black & white

November 1960

Vegas North Stake was organized from portions of Las OLasVegas (Nevada) Stake with Elder William L. Taylor sustained as president and Elders Samuel M. Davis and Arden

J. Sampson as his counselors. Wards in the stake are Las Vegas

Second, Fourth, Seventh, Eighth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Thirteenth.

The membership is approximately 5,100. The stake was organized

by Elder Howard W. Hunter of the Council of the Twelve and

Elder William J. Critchlow, Jr., Assistant to the Twelve. The Las

Vegas Stake continues with President. Reed Whipple and his counICALL COLLECT IV&'vJl—RICHMOND 92396 selors, Elders Danford B. Crane and Rulon A. Earl. Las Vegas R@SE ENGRAVING COMPANY

or write 1242 Santee St., Los Angeles 15, Calif. was settled by LDS colonists in 1855 on the site of an important

camping place on the old Spanish Trail—The Meadows, or in Spanish, Las Vegas.

Palomar ( California ) Stake was created from the former South

Coast District of the California Mission, with Elder Wallace F. Gray

sustained as president and Elders Erwin M. Fisher and Ronald C.

Packard as counselors. This 309th stake of the Church now functioning was formed under the direction of Elder Marion G. Romney

of the Council of the Twelve and Elder Eldred G. Smith, Patriarch

to the Church. The stake's 2,358 members are in the Escondido,

Fallbrook, Oceanside, Poway, San Dieguite, and Vista wards, and

Ramona Branch. The name Palomar is from Mount Palomar, site

of a famous astronomical observatory in the area.

The appointment of Mrs. Wesley A. (Donna Durrant) Sorensen of Salt Lake City to membership on the general board

of the Deseret Sunday School Union was announced.

Hamilton (New Zealand) Stake organized from portions of

Auckland Stake and the New Zealand Mission, with Elder

Wendell H. Weiser called as stake president, and Elders

David Ririe and Morehu Maurice Pearson as his counselors. This

is the second stake now functioning in New Zealand, the 310th stake now in the Church. It was created under the direction of Elder

Spencer. W. Kimball of the Council of the Twelve.

Miami (Florida) Stake was organized from the South Florida

District. The area was recently transferred to the Florida Mission

from the Southern States Mission. Elder Paul R. Chessman is the

stake president and Elders E. Coleman Madsen and Stanford Clyde

Johnson are his counselors. There are three wards in Miami, also a

ward at Ft. Lauderdale and at West Palm Beach. Branches are at

Hollywood, Homestead, Key West and Ft. Pierce. The membership of the stake is 1,943. Miami Stake, 311th now in the Church,

was created under the direction of Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the

8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Samsonite CHAIR BUYER'S GUIDE

HOW TO BUYA FOLDING CHAIR IN 6 EASY LESSONS

STEP ON IT! Step hard on back STAND ON IT! Stand on rear "UNBALANCE"IT! Place

rest (as shown). If chair is a Samof seat; lean back. If it's a Sambook or pads under leg of chair.

sonite, observe: contour steel back sonite, don't worry. Samsonite Sit, as shown. If chair tilts or

it's All wobbles, Samsonite. Perfectly balnot a tip over. chairs never inch. won't give an back rest No

selfleveling. folding chairs are1 is strong, 3Samsonite too. anced.2 Amazingly or comfortable! stronger more (The manmade

above weighs 240 lbs.)

"TORTURE -TEST"IT! Lift FOLD IT! Grasp chair back; put SIT IN IT!Instantlyyou'llknow

front legs off floor; "walk"chair foot on cross brace; pull gently. the difference. Observe that Samforward and sideways. Only superSamsonite chair will fold easily. sonite folding chairs are contourstrong construction (Samsonite's (While you're at it, place finger in designed (both seat and back rest) electrically4 welded tube steel) can take 5seat hinge. No danger. Samsonite safety for6maximum comfort. Good looking, too.

this kind of punishment repeatedly. hinge can't pinch.)

WANT TO KNOW MORE? For church,

It Find Fast school, club, seating other informagroup

In The tion, see or Pages your Yellow

Yellow Pages Shwayder Bros., Institutional Seatingwrite:

Div., Dept. IE11, Detroit 29, Mich. Samsonite FOLDING CHAIRS

JANUARY 1961 Get worlds Council of the Twelve and Elder William J. Critchlow, Jr., Assistant

to the Council of the Twelve.

of hot water Elder William Roberts, formerly first counselor to President

George R. Biesinger of Auckland (New Zealand) Stake, succeeds

3 times as fast him as stake president. Elders Geoffrey R. Garlick and Matthew

Terence Chote are counselors to President Roberts.

with a Elder LeGrande C. Larsen sustained as president of Teton

(IdahoWyoming) Stake, with Elders Lynn S. Kearsley and Grant L.

"QUICK RECOVERY"Wilson as his counselors. They succeed President William A. Strong

and his counselors, Elders W. Leigh Fullmer and Clarence Murdock.

Elder Burton F. Brasher sustained as first counselor to President Merrill A. Nelson of Kearns (Utah) Stake, succeeding Elder ELECTRIC Sherman Holmes. Elder Alden R. Adams sustained as second counselor, succeeding Elder Brasher.

Edmonton (Alberta) Stake was formed from units of the WestWATER ern Canadian Mission with Elder LeRoy Rollins sustained as president and Elders Arthur Munns McMullin and Mark

Leslie Spencer as counselors. Elder Richard L. Evans of the CounHEATER cil of the Twelve and Elder Nathan E. Tanner, Assistant to the

Council of the Twelve effected this stake organization which has a membership of 2,110, distributed in five wards and one branch.

There are now six stakes in the province of Alberta.

aanr Elder(Alberta)CharlesStake,UrsenbachsucceedingsustainedPresidentasNathanpresidentEldonof CalgaryTanner, who was recently sustained as an assistant to the Council of the Twelve. President Ursenbach served as Elder Tanner's first

counselor in the stake presidency. Counselors to President Ursen-

|RC3ZnE3ll bach are Elder Frank H. Pitcher, who was serving as second counUTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. selor, and Elder Ralph H. Walker.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Milton L. Weilenmann of Salt Lake City as president of the

Order Today ern Canadiannew AlcanandMission,the Northwesternto be created Statesfrom portionsMission.of thePresidentWestcalled to to fill a as a mission was Weilenmann, young West man

filled latter out, II part the GRIND YOUR OWN broke and he Germany. World War FLOUR & CEREAL that call in the Central States. He has been an earlymorningof

with this sturdy seminary teacher in Salt Lake City and a member of a bishopric.

With him to this new assignment will go his wife Marie and their six children. The mission headquarters will be in Vancouver and MILL WHEAT Than will include British Columbia, Yukon Territory, and Alaska. The More

12,000 Sold preaching of the gospel is believed to have begun in Alaska about to Date 1907.

ONLY Hawkes Bay (New Zealand) Stake organized from portions

Mission of with Zealand South Alvin Elder Joseph the New $695 as president and Elders Southon Lennox and Higbee James

POSTPAID Sydney Crawford as counselors. President Higbee is a laborANYWHERE

IN missionary from Salt Lake City; Elder Southon, a Samoan farmer,

AMERICA and Elder Crawford, a Maori businessman. Wards in the 2,584

member stake are Korongata, Hastings, Hastings Second, and are Elder Napier. Branches Spencer and Wairoa. Hauke W. KimMill cracks or grinds corn wheat, and effected all ball of this stake organization, of the Council the Twelve

kinds grains. Vh. or soft of hard Grinds

pounds of flour or cereal per minute.... the 313th now functioning in the Church.

Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's. Ben Lomond South Stake organized from portions of Ben

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS Lomond (Utah) Stake, with Elder Robert Milton Yorgason as president and Elders Herbert Webb Carter and Todd Caine CumPlease send one Wheat me Mill. Enclosed is mings as counselors. Wards are the Twentyninth, Fortieth, Fortyor (check $6.95 order). money

eighth, Fiftyfourth, Fiftyninth, Sixtysecond, and Sixtythird, all

Name... in Ogden. The stake was organized under the direction of Elder

Address Richard L. Evans of the Council of the Twelve and Elder ElRay L.

City Christiansen, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve. It is stake 314,

State and has a membership in excess of 4,500. Ben Lomond is the name

of a prominent mountain peak in the area.

PEHRSON HARDWARE 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Reading maketh a full man"—BACON

By Melvirt R. Brooks

Vital, concise, authoritative inforThousands of executives and DOCTRINE mation on t.D.S. doctrine, history,

leaders att over the nation have AND COVENANTS geography and scriptural lands, praised volume one of this bril- I COMPENDIUM peoples and customs—over

liant series. Over 30,000 copies M By Dr. Sidney B. Sperry 2,000 doctrinal subjects altosold to date. Now, the commissionaries, teachers, scholars and gether! A superb reference

panion volume, packed with leaders will find this understandwork, indexed and crossnew, vital material, completes able treatise on the principles, referenced.

the set. Sparkling illustracreeds and essential gospel

$5.00 tive and stimulating stories.

truths of the Doctrine and Invaluable instruction Covenants a great help in for ward and stake explaining historical, docleaders. f trinal and linguistic

$3.50 phases of this standard work.

$5.95

JANUARY 1961 11 These Times v. f

t... and vjfcittt* <&u*W d&uM 4t added*

feaid&ifo*e<s') &&e> t*a**d toatv 4m&n& ofidA

Ji*4&t ft V: V //

The Legacy of Freedom

BY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

PRESIDENT, ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY AT TEMPE

We often speak of "our heritage of the great political society which will and other western European powers freedom."This legacy has come to inherit the legacy of freedom bereally recognize the rise, as a great

us via British institutions, the basic queathed by Magna Carta, the Engworld power, of the USA. In 1823,

carrier to America of civil liberty. lish Bill of Rights, the Declaration in response to the American Monroe

The Magna Carta (1215) and the of Independence, and the ConstituDoctrine the British Prime Minister,

English Bill of Rights (1689) are tion of the United States? To have Canning, boasted that he had "called

acclaimed in the United States, in such a goal does not mean the into being"a New World "to redress the Commonwealth of Nations, in abandonment of the Constitution of the balance of the Old."The preIndia, in Pakistan, and in certain new the United States. Rather, it is the diction saw fruition in World War I

African republics. intensification of the search to mainand particularly in World War II.

Who, what powers, what political tain, defend, and protect the Con- "The New World"did "redress the society will inherit the legacy of stitution of the United States. balance of the Old."

freedom from the United States of Let us look at some history. In the Since 1945, the United States of

America? Will we be as effective year 1760 it is quite unlikely that the America, through its foreign aid and

transmitters as the British—as well "Secretary of State for the Southern other programs, has served as the

as preservers of the tradition? Department"(in the government of protector of the Western European

This is a thoughtful question for the United Kingdom) looked upon democracies. The heritage of Magna

the student of history. British North America as a future Carta, of the common law, of habeas

In industry, higher education, scigreat world power. It is true that corpus, of civil liberty in England,

ence, technology, space, and all other Benjamin Franklin about that time has been shielded by American forms of human activity, Americans predicted such an outcome. By might as well as sustained internally

are told that we must outperform 1820, however, it was apparent to by British spirit. But Britain alone,

the Soviet Union and the communist some in the British foreign office is now dwarfed by the superpowers.

world. To successfully maintain our that such a distant possibility might Is the giant superstate like the

superiority over the Russians beoccur. Nevertheless, it did not beUSA, or the USSR, or Communist

comes a national goal. come a major policy of the British, China, the "last word"in political

Competition is important in huin overseas matters, particularly to association? What comes next?

man societies. But after you have encourage the growth and developThe Russians have a worldwide,

outperformed the enemy, after you ment of the United States. On the structural plan for a worldwide sohave defeated an opponent, after contrary, they encouraged Mexican ciety. As we plan, therefore, to outHarvard has won from Yale, or Utah opposition to us, including the anperform the Russians, to maintain

State from Utah, or Arizona from nexation of Texas and the Mexican our superiority in competition with

Arizona State, or the United States War. They recognized the belligerthem, should we not also look down

from Russia, what next? What does ency of the Confederate States of the stream of years to the question of

one do with and after the victory? America during the Civil War. Not the legacy of freedom beyond our

Centuries hence, can we foresee until 1920, reluctantly, did Britain (Continued on page 46)

12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Store Food TODAY for a RAINY Day "... for he sendeth rain on the just and on

the unjust."

A "rainy day"may come to any of us...

Illnesses Accidents Famine Strikes War Shortages Floods... the unexpected...

Resolution: 'every month during

1961 I WILL INCREASE MY FOOD STORAGE SUPPLIES!"

To assist you in keeping such a resolution, PERMAPAK is pleased to announce its NEW FOOD STORAGE PLAN.

Here's how it works: For only $7.40 to $7.95 per month for eleven months you can accumulate a year's supply*

(for one person) of wholesome, nutritious, lowmoisture PERMAPAK food. You can speed up your storage program by buying several units or the full year's supply at any time. Many other items available. Write for our

free catalog.

(*Note: Additional calories consisting of 25 cans assorted meats, 25 lbs. honey or sugar, and 25 lbs. fats and oils should be added.)

RECOMMENDATION FOR JANUARY

Unit No. 1—Three cans of wheat for $7.95. Net wt. 35 lbs. each can.

Total shipping wt. 114 lbs. SEND $7.95 CHECK OR MONEY ORDER

AND WHEAT WILL BE SENT FREIGHT COLLECT.

PERMAPAK wheat is excellent for storage: high protein; low moisture;

specially cleaned for table use; fumigated against infestation; sealed

in sturdy 5-gallon cans.

WHEAT CAN'T BE BEAT

Watch for our featured items each month. Here are tentative groupings for the balance of the year:

1 No. 10 Multipurpose Food. 1 5-gal. instant 1 gal. split green peas, 3 No. 10 Multipur- 1 24oz. gelatin dessert, 1 gal. beans (pinto

dry milk. pose Food. or navy), 1 gal. cereal (wheat or oats), 1

gal. vegetable soup blend, 1 No. 10 diced lbs. (X)No. 3-$7.95ll lbs. (X) No. 7-$7.7015

potatoes. 1 flakes, 1 gal. diced carrots, gal. cabbage 1 sauce nuggets, 1 No. 10 No. 10 apple

1 gal. vegetable stew blend. dates, 2 No. 10 potato flakes. No. 11 -$7.65-1 9 lbs. (X)

1 lbs. gelatin. qt. pure unflavoredNo. 4-$7.50—39 3 10 No.

lbs. (X) 8—$7.6510 1 25lb. flour or (white 1 gal. No. food. Multipurpose wheat), whole

1 1 No. No. 10 fruit galaxy, 1 10 prunes,

(pinto or navy), beans 50mg. 1000 Vitamin

11 bouillon. -oz. instant beef

lids tablets, for 10 cans. C 6 plastic No. oils fats, items, including No. and 12—Calorie

3 1 -lb. dry whole eggs, 1 gal. rice (white or 1 No. 10 Multipurpose Food. 1 5-gal. instant chosen from our complete price list and/or

brown), 1 4-oz. dry yeast. dry milk. from your local grocer.

Note: Items marked X can be mailed parcel post (20 lb. max). Check with your post office and send correct amount for postage. Heavier units will be sent

freight collect.

PRICES F.O.B. SALT LAKE CITY. SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE.

TO REDUCE SHIPPING COSTS: (1) BUY THE FULL YEAR'S SUPPLY AT ONCE; (2)

ACCUMULATE SEVERAL UNITS, OR; (3) POOL ORDER WITH FRIENDS OR CHURCH

GROUP. If possible buy through your local agent or church group. Dealers

solicited.

3106 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah PERMA Phone IN 7-9479PERMAPAKFood Storage Specialists

JANUARY 1961 13 EDITOR'S PAGE

In every wellordered home in the Church, the glad free spirit of childhood is led to honor its country and Some to worship its God; and every man sees in the home

the nucleus of eternal companionship and everlasting

life.

Paragraphs

Aaronic Priesthood work, seminary classes, Sunday

Schools, the activities of the Mutual Improvement

Associations, and the Primary are all helps established on Home to assist in the upbuilding and guidance of youth, but none of these—great and important factors as they are

BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY in the lives of our youth—can supplant the permanence

of the influence of the parents in the home.

I look upon the home as the basis from which radiate all good influences. If, in every home in the land, The relationship of the children to the parents

there were a competent father and a helpful mother, should be one which would enable those children to our officers of the law would have much less to do in carry out ideal citizenship as they become related to protecting society from the lawless. the neighborhood, the Church, and to the larger forms

of society. Be extremely careful of those activities

which require you to be away from your small children.

Homes are made permanent through love. Though The secret of good citizenship lies in the home. The

you neglect some of your business, though you neglect secret of instilling faith in God, faith in his Son, the some of your cattle, though you fail to produce full Redeemer of the world, faith in the organizations of crops, study to hold your children's love. the Church, lies in the home. There it is centered.

On January 2, liililil

iijE; '...:'liSli Pi

llllil; Bill

ill!

The home is trulv the hasio unit nf w,we etre 11**3. uvingI in a most momentous age. We see

parenthood is next to Godhood. Let us see that our on every hand manifestations of commotion. The world

home is such that if an angel called, he would be seemingly is stirred as it has never been stirred before.

pleased to remain. In the midst of this world confusion, the home, the

fundamental institution of society, is also threatened.

One of the highest ideals of life is to keep secure and

In no better way can high achievement in life be free from sorrow the homes of the Church and of the better realized than in excelling in the art of home nation.

building. In that kind of home we may experience on

earth a taste of heaven.

You members of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints know that your family ties are eternal. There is nothing temporary in the home of Would you have a strong and virile nation?-then

the Latterday Saint. There is no element of transitorikeep your homes pure. Would you reduce delinquenness in the family relationship of the Latterday Saint

cy and crime?—lessen the number of broken homes. home.

It is time that civilized peoples realize that the home largely determines whether children shall be of high or low character. Homebuilding, therefore, should be

the paramount purpose of parents and of the nation. Unhesitatingly, I affirm that my home life from

The secret of good citizenship lies in the home. babyhood to the present time has been the greatest

factor in giving me moral and spiritual standards and in shaping the courses of my life. Sincerity, courtesy,

consistency in word and deed, unselfishness are dom-

I praise God for the instructions he has given his inant virtues exemplified in the lives of my parents people regarding the sacredness, the sanctity, and and others in the two homes—my parents'and my own

permanence of the family relationship and the home. home—that have proved a safeguard and guidance.

President and Sister McKay will celebrate their sixtieth wedding anniversary.

Few couples have enjoyed a longer, But some things grow sweeter as years come and go, happier, more meaningful married For in essence they're really divine;

life than our own President and

Sister David O. McKay. SurThat this is a fact I assuredly know,

rounded by children and grandchilFor these virtues transcendent are thine.

dren, the photograph on the left commemorated their golden wed-

. ding anniversary full Now, a deThese lines are from a poem, penned by President McKay for Sister McKay, cade later, their circle family has

increased, to twenty grandchildren and presented to her on the occasion of their fiftieth wedding anniversary, Janand six greatgrandchildren. uary 2, 1951.

JANUARY 1961 15 prophets and by Israel's prophets until the time of

Moses. When the Lord took these keys away fromYour Israel and left them the Aaronic Priesthood there was

still the necessity for the Lord to maintain prophets who held the Melchizedek Priesthood, but they were especially called and ordained in each instance by theQuestion direct edict from the Lord.

The Prophet Joseph Smith wrote: "All Priesthood is

PROPHETSKEYS-PRIESTHOOD Melchizedek, but there are different portions or degrees of it. That portion which brought Moses to

ANSWERED BY PRESIDENT JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH speak with God face to face was taken away; but

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE that which brought the ministry of angels remained.

Question: "We have been discussing the coming All the prophets had the Melchizedek Priesthood and

of the Prophet Elijah, and a hook we have states that were ordained by God himself."(Teachings of the

he came because he holds the keys of the authority to Prophet Joseph Smith, pp. 180181.)

discover that all the ordinances which couldadminister in all the ordinances of the priesthood; and We

without that authority given, the ordinances could not be performed by the Aaronic Priesthood remained be administered in righteousness. with Israel in the dark days of her disobedience. It

"One of the members referred to the Doctrine and was necessary, under these conditions, that there be

Covenants and 'The Way To Perfection,'page 75, where someone with authority to perform ordinances, such it states that Moses and the Melchizedek Priesthood as confirmation, for we know that the prophets of old were taken from Israel, and yet we know that Samuel, had the gift of the Holy Ghost. (2 Peter 1:21.) We

Isaiah, Jeremiah, and Elijah, all held the Melchizedek read in 2 Kings, chapter 17, that power had been given

Priesthood. How do we reconcile these two stateto Elijah to close the heavens that there would be

ments, and where do we get the scripture to prove that no rain except by his word. He had power given him

Elijah held all the keys of this authority to administer to bless the widow's oil and meal and to bring down in all of the ordinances? If he held the keys of all the fire from heaven to consume his offering and destroy

ordinances, then what about the ordinances of baptism the false doctrines of the priests of Baal. The fact

and confirmation before he came? We understand that Elijah had this great power and authority did

that Christ instructed John to ordain Joseph Smith and not prevent other prophets from also holding some

Oliver Cowdery, and by that authority they baptized, divine authority in the Melchizedek Priesthood which but how does this conform to the statement made by was essential to the faithful in the house of Israel.

the Prophet?"We should also remember the fact that in the days

of the Savior's ministry this authority held by Elijah

Answer: The authority given to Elijah was that was bestowed by Elijah, and the authority held by

authority which pertains to the sealing ordinances of Moses was restored by Moses to Peter, James, and the gospel, such as we obtain in the temples of the John. In reference to this we have again the word of

Lord. Baptism was an ordinance introduced to Adam the Prophet Joseph Smith as follows:

after he was driven out of the Garden of Eden and "The Priesthood is everlasting. The Savior, Moses,

which could be performed by the authority of the and Elias, gave the keys to Peter, James, and John,

Aaronic Priesthood, down through the ages. This on the mount, when they were transfigured before

authority was never taken away only through apostasy. him. The Priesthood is everlasting without beginOrdinances such as the Prophet mentioned were such ning of days or end of years; without father, mother,

as were received in sacred places which pertain to etc. If there is no change of ordinances, there is no

the Higher or Melchizedek Priesthood. The baptism change of priesthood. Wherever the ordinances of

by John was accepted by the Jews because they were the Gospel are administered, there is the Priesthood."

familiar with this ordinance, notwithstanding the (Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p, 158.)

Bible, as it has come down to us, is so vague in relaTherefore, we discover that in the days of the tion to baptism for the remission of sin. The keys Savior, he honored the prophets who held the keys

of the Melchizedek Priesthood were held by ancient of the priesthood (Continued on page 43)

16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The storm raging about him was as violent as the turmoil of his own emotions. Would

his son's strength meet his expectations?

His life was in the balance.

BY GLADYS GRETHE NELSON

With a muffled roar heard above the storm, the overhang of earth, sodden with the weight of many days'downpour, shivered and tore away finally from the high bank and settled across the swollen waters of the creek.

The jar rattled the doors of the cabin perched high on the thrust of land in the bend several hundred feet above the landslide.

The tall father and the slight son, struggling into sou'westers, ran from the cabin into the rainy dawn that gusted cold streams against their oilskins and faces. Suddenly dammedup water, backing in angry saffron

billows, began chewing angrily at the base of the earth on which the cabin stood. They had arrived just

last night, and now, Eric could see that the storm might destroy everything that could have helped his search.

Rain running down the boy's pink cheeks like bright tears gave Eric a momentary start because he had so long looked there for tears. But none

had appeared, of course, because the boy was too much like himself—

except that he was so slightly built, as his mother had been when she was alive.

They ran through the abandoned orchard of gnarled apple trees until they were below the slide which had dammed the creek. They skidded

JANUARY 1961 down the steep path toward the muddy dam and the the hard knowledge that they had to be lived through picnic grotto. somehow.

In this grotto they had picnicked last summer while They had worked only a few moments when Eric

Brace's mother had been with them. It was bleak realized that it was a bigger job than he had anticiand forsakenlooking now, although in summer it had pated.

a hushed deep green beauty. A beauty that seemed The water was rising faster behind the tumbled

enhanced by waves of sunwarmed scents drifting earth. This dam would have to be cut through quickly

from the rank growth of summer herbs, shrubs, and or it would bring doom to the cabin. He needed

wildflowers that had crowded the grotto. The place help. Real help.

had held an air of secrecy and unreality. Here they He told Bruce to get the wheelbarrow from the

had watched her life and summer wane visibly toshed. Then he felt guilty for sending the boy ungether. protected through the storm,

They stopped below the dam and stared through "Keep clear of the bank, Bruce. More might colthe winddriven downpour at the muddy chaos. lapse."

"Bruce,"Eric shouted above the stormsounds, "Okay, Dad."Bruce managed a fair salute in spite

"we'll have to shovel this mud into the grotto."The of the awkward oilskins.

action would be a sacrilege to the place where sumEric glanced from his work to assure himself of mer had held three hearts together in a web of warm Bruce's safe struggle up the steep, slippery clay path.

communication. As a wife and mother she had known He pulled himself up by the shrubbery, as the cold

how to communicate. wind buffeted his slicker. But what Eric really saw

Brace's sensitive face was grim as he booted the was the slight shoulders of Bruce's mother pitted shovel which gouged into the mud. against a grim world. He knew there would be some

"Boy, we're going to have to work fast, Dad, or problems Bruce would not be able to handle with a this'll wash the land right from under the house."rope. Eric felt sick again with the lonely, unreasoning

"Yes,"agreed Eric. The tooold lines for his young need to have his son be tall and strong.

face deepened. He glanced from the rampaging creek Lately, every time Eric noted this slightness of

to his little son. He kicked his shovel in sudden anger Bruce's body, an unreasoning fear he could neither

so it bit violently at the earthen structure. name nor explain would boil up inside him—the fear

"It's a job for two men,"he snapped. that Bruce wouldn't be tall. But he didn't know why

Then Eric sucked in his breath sharply and glanced he felt this way, for he knew the world measured the guiltily at Bruce. He didn't want his son to realize height of a man by standards other than physical.

that he wasn't all the help that a father wanted. They had come up here now for a vacation, ostenBut Bruce was grinning confidently, obviously besibly to practise mountain climbing. But secretly,

lieving that his Dad had meant that they were two Eric knew that something else had drawn him here men, and that both were needed. Eric released his again; maybe a need to feel nearer to her, or to find

breath thankful that Bruce had misunderstood. himself, or to bridge the unexpressed river of sympaTrying not to notice how Bruce got only half as thy which flowed between Bruce and himself.

much as he did on each shovelful, Eric tried resolutely When Eric had suggested that they come up here, to remember other things. How not even bigger boys Bruce had appeared delighted.

had proved themselves grittier or handier with pike "That'll be great, Dad."His face grew suddenly

and rope than Bruce had on their mountain climbing pensive. "It'll be like being with—"He broke off

expeditions. sharply in confusion, then added sturdily. "I like it

Bruce threw his father a smile that shone with his up there."

eagerness to get the job done as he shoveled furiously. Eric knew what Bruce had nearly said.

Eric grinned. He couldn't help it. There was someWhy didn't you say it, Son? We both need to say

thing about the little guy. Sometimes, in brief moments that—and a lot more.

like this, he almost gave back a sense of excitement Eric had longed to say the things which he knew to ordinary everyday events; things in which, as sumwere in both their hearts. But the ache of it had filled

mer had waned, Eric had ceased to find anything but his throat, and had made it impossible for him to

18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA answer Bruce. would speed up the job. Defiantly he stepped up to

The boy's loneliness, as well as his mute sympathy the higher, softer area.

for his father, dragged like lead through Eric's veins. Before he could kick in his shovel, the earth jerked

Bruce daily demonstrated his eagerness to share Eric's from under him. Quick pain twisted his wrists. He

responsibilities. He would do anything from broiling was slammed down to cold, slimy chaos.

hamburgers to checking on the cleaning woman's When he was still at last, his wrists and arms were dusting. His own efforts to share Bruce's world of a screaming crescendo of pain.

model building and homework seemed puny by comHe stood buried to his armpits in mud. Rain pelted

parison. coldly about his face, ricocheting in little geysers

But it was out of his failure to communicate meanfrom the muddled creek waters which lapped at arm's ingfully with Bruce, and out of his baffling need to length from his face.

have Bruce be tall, that the river had grown, black Above the origin of the slide he could see the and deep as fear, wide as time, separating him from upper branches of the apple trees which still stood his son. firm. Near them the ground held, partly shored by

Eric saw a huge tree branch, windpropelled, jet the upper end of the slide. But down here it was no

across the tops of the apple trees beyond the bank. longer safe for anyone. The water licked across the

Even down here in the creek bottom the storm mud which held him fast. Soon it would wash over

pushed coldly at him, rattling his slicker and making him as the dam overflowed.

him lose his footing on the slippery clay. The storm He stiffened himself against the pain in his wrists

battered at him externally like his confused feelings and pushed at the earth, but he could not move it.

about Bruce and his sense of helplessness before his The earth, restless with the water pressure building up problems nagged him inwardly. behind it, treacherously clutched him more deeply

Lick the storm—lick them, he decided. He'd do into its bed, like an impatient grave.

the work of two men. He broke into a sweat. The cold of mud and water

He spaded and pitched clay toward the grotto at fingered his skin, and a greater cold than any filled a furious pace. But the dam of clay remained a defiant his heart—fear!

obstruction to the water which now nibbled at the Now there would be just Bruce—one small boy,

earth beneath the cabin. If he stepped up higher on alone, pitted against the world.

the slide he'd have a shorter pitch to the grotto. That Suddenly, with that (Continued on page 42)

TO A BISHOP

ON THE DEDICATION OF A NEW WARD CHAPEL

BY MILDRED TENNEY HANDY

How tall and proud How proud you sat

You greeted everyone this night When first the organ pealed its great command

Who gathered, long before the appointed hour, To silence, vet how meek,

Excited and with awed delight For when your moment came before the stand,

To savor the sweetness of their labor's flower. You trembled when you rose to speak.

How lovingly You turned your eyes

You moved from friend to friend On bright new walls, exquisitely created

And grasped each offered hand And you saw faces....

That in the happy gesture would extend Hands... and nameless acts of service dedicated

A thousand days of given labor spanned. To perpetuating principles the love of Christ embraces.

Upon your lips You must have sensed

A secret smile was seen to rise and fall The deeper import of this crowning hour,

As if you heard almost That for measuring the total sum

In choir strains that filled the waiting hall Of this new chapel's worth, the power

Celestial voices of an angel host. Is reserved for generations yet to come!

JANUARY 1961 19 just a he was with her when baby to CanadaPRESIDENT NATHAN ELDON TANNER returned since. In ever there lived has few weeks old. He

A LEADER AMONG MEN 1935 he gave up his position as principal of a CardBY JOHN G. KINNEAR ston, Alberta, school to represent the Cardston

EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE constituency in the Alberta legislature. He was

named Speaker of the House and, one year later, heThe Savior's call to the early disciples on the shores was appointed to be Minister of Lands and Mines.of Galilee to "Follow me, and I will make you fishers

In 1949 he was appointed minister of two newly of men"(Matt. 4:19) is, in essence, that same call created departments, the Department of Lands and

given to all who would follow him. As of old, those Forests and the Department of Mines and Minerals.

hearing best the call to become fishers of men are In addition, he held the position of Chairman of the those who become leaders of men in the Church and Alberta Research Council.

in their personal accomplishments. Such a man is After his resignation from government service in

Elder Nathan Eldon Tanner, called as Assistant to the 1952, Elder Tanner took over the presidency of MerCouncil of the Twelve at the morning session of the rill Petroleums Limited. In 1954 he resigned from

semiannual general conference of the Church of this position to become president of the TransCanada

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, October 8, 1960. Pipe Lines Limited, a company which was formed

That Elder Tanner's life, both in and out of the to build a natural gas line some 2,200 miles from AlChurch, has been a success is seen by his phenomenal berta to Quebec. Although he gave up this position

record. Rising from the position of a high school in 1959, he is still on the board of directors. In

teacher to that of president of the $300,000,000 Transaddition, he is director of the National Trust Company

Canada Pipe Lines Limited is only a part of his story Limited, the TorontoDominion Bank, Consolidated of energy and drive. That he originally refused the Freightways, Inc., Inland Cement Company Limited,

offer to establish himself in Toronto as head of this and Merit Oil Limited. He is also president of Merit

company, on the grounds that it would take him away Oil Limited and Provincial Products Pipeline Limited.

from his Church responsibility as stake president, is He was president of the Canadian Gas Association in evidence enough of his loyalty, devotion, and love 195960.

for the gospel and the Lord's work. As to Elder Tanner's Church and civic service, he

Elder Tanner was born in Salt Lake City, May 9, has been equally effective and has an even more ad1898, the son of Nathan William Tanner and Edna mirable record as that made careerwise. Among

Brown Tanner who went from Utah to Southern other positions, he served as bishop of the Cardston

Alberta by covered wagon in 1897. His mother First Ward for three years (193235); president of the

returned to Salt Lake City where he was born. She Edmonton Branch, Western Canadian Mission, for

20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elder Nathan Eldon Tanner Elder Franklin D. Richards Elder Theodore M. Burton

twelve years (193852); and president of Calgary ELDER FRANKLIN DEWEY RICHARDS

Stake for seven years (195360). "A VALIANT EXPOUNDER OF GOD'S WORDI"

When Elder and Sister Tanner moved to Edmonton BY CARTER E. GRANT

with their five children in 1937, they "swelled"the EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE number of Church members in the Edmonton Branch "I testify to you, my brothers and sisters, that the from fifteen to twentytwo members. By the time greatest message that we have is that the gospel of

he moved to Calgary, the branch had developed a Jesus Christ has been restored, the power of God membership of well over five hundred, and the first unto salvation,"declared Elder Franklin D. Bichards

Edmonton LDS chapel had been built. Also the Uniin general conference, after he had been sustained an

versity of Alberta LDS Institute was established. Assistant to the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, OcDuring his leadership of the Calgary Stake, the tober 8, 1960. "I know that God lives,"he testified,

membership of the stake grew from a little more "and that Jesus is indeed his Son, the Bedeemer of the than 2,000 in 1953 to almost 4,000 in 1960. world, and that Joseph Smith was a prophet of God

Elder Tanner's talent for accomplishing those things—one of the greatest prophets that has lived on this

he sets out to do is reflected in his private life. On earth, according to the word of the Lord contained in

seeing Sara Isabelle Merrill for the very first time, our holy book of Doctrine and Covenants! I know

and before having actually met her, he turned to a that David O. McKay is the prophet of the Lord tocompanion and told him, "Someday, I am going to day. I propose to sustain President McKay with all

marry that girl!"In 1919, Elder Tanner took Sara of my might and strength. I say this and dedicate

to be his cherished wife, and they were sealed in the myself to the Church, in the name of Jesus Christ.

Alberta Temple in 1923. They have five lovely daughAmen."

ters, all of whom are married, and twentytwo grand- "What a solemn dedication!"I whispered to mychildren. All of Elder Tanner's immediate family are self as I watched the new Assistant take his appointed

living in Canada although he has three sisters and two seat with the other General Authorities of our Church.

brothers living in Salt Lake City. In the same talk he also said: "I have love in my

In addition to belonging to seven clubs and service heart this morning, President McKay, for you and for organizations, including Botary, Elder Tanner is an my brethren that are presiding over the affairs of enthusiastic golfer and member of the Calgary Golf the kingdom of God, and I have love in my heart for

Club and the Calgary Chamber of Commerce. He my fellow men. I can truthfully say that I have no

has served as commissioner of the Alberta Boy Scouts enmity nor hatred toward any man, and I pray that

Association for eight years (194553) and is a life the Lord will sustain me in this position,"for, said member and was awarded Silver Wolf in this organizahe, "I feel wholly inadequate as an individual."

tion. He wears his Scout ( Continued on page 47 Elder LeGrand Bichards, who also spoke at that

JANUARY 1961 21 conference, said that he and Franklin had the same grandfather, Franklin D.

Richards, a Mormon pioneer and an apostle for fifty years, who also became

President of the Quorum the latter part of his life. "Out of the first fourteen years of his married life,"Elder

Richards said, "he spent ten years of it in the mission field away from his family."Is it any wonder that these two

grandsons, along with many other descendants of "Grandfather Richards,"are valiant expounders of God's restored kingdom today?

From visits with the children of

Brother and Sister Franklin D. RichWith Elder Nathan Eldon Tanner and his wife, Sara, are ards—Louise (Mrs. Robert L. Judd and

their five daughters, Isabelle, Ruth, Zola, Beth, and Helen. four children), Mr. and Mrs. Franklin,

Jr., and four children; David, and his

sister Nancy, a junior at the University of Utah, I learned that the oldest son,

Franklin, had filled a mission to Uruguay and David had gone to Mexico and Central America. "Love and respect for our parents and for our brothers and sisters,"they said, "are vital

factors in our family life and have been from our childhood. We remember

that while we were youngsters at home that Father continued to call us back to the dining room table after the evening meal, suggesting that we aid him to clear the table. And while he washed

the dishes, we wiped them and listened to his fascinating stories about his missionary experiences as a young elder traveling in the Eastern states. These

Surrounded by their chilstories and many other faithpromoting grandchildren, dren lppili and

Mrs. Frankexperiences helped our family to take are Elder and

lin D. Richards (seated for granted that the boys, at least, must

) other adults center The..."

are, 1. r., Franklin to. D. go on missions.

Jr., David K., and Nancy Answering a question about faith and

Richards, Robert L. Judd.

(seated) Gloria S. Richprayer in their father's home, the elder

ards, Louise Richards girl stated that, from her earliest childJudd. hood remembrance, family and bedside

prayers had been a vital factor in their lives. They also reported that they continued to read the Bible and the Book of

Mormon in their home, and that on the

Elder and Mrs. Theodore Sabbath day they regularly went to

M. Burton with their son, Sunday School and Sacrament meeting. Robert.

"Our first experience regarding administering to the I am convinced that the mantle of authority is real, sick in our home,"they said, "came to us when David not imaginary. I have talked with other bishops, and

here was four or five years old. During many days all bear similar testimonies."

he lay critically ill with pneumonia, and we remember Elder Burton's life story might open as does that of how worried we were. One night Grandfather Charles Nephi: "... having been born of goodly parents,...*

C. Richards and Father—(Continued on page 62) "For I am what I am because of them. And I am

greatly aware of the inspiration and guidance my parents gave to me in my home."He was born in Salt

Lake City, March 27, 1907, a son of Theodore Taylor and Florence Moyle Burton.

"From the time I can first remember, my parentsELDER THEODORE M. BURTON took us children with them wherever they went. I

BY PATRICIA MIDDLETON went with my father on high council assignments, andEDITORIAL ASSOCIATE he always made it a point to preach on my level so I

A humble, unassuming man, Elder Theodore M. Burcould understand him. My brothers and I played

ton, new Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, musical instruments, and he would take us with him does not hesitate to acknowledge his recently acto furnish the music at meetings. Later in life, my

quired responsibility as "frightening."He has just musical ability helped in earning money to get an

returned from the West German Mission where he education and to send me on a mission. Father and

served as president for the past three years. Mother provided the opportunities and taught us the

Saints and missionaries alike have sat enthralled in gospel by living it in the home."

meetings where he presided and listened to him bear Many people often refer to a particular event or powerful testimony of the gospel to the peoples of the single out one faithpromoting experience in their

West German Mission. During one of those meetlives upon which they have built their faith. And they

ings—a farewell address—he told them that it did not may call it to memory on occasions to bolster their

matter what type of responsibility one held in the faith. But to Elder Burton, his faith was built on

Church, just so one had a job and did it well. Elder knowledge learned "line upon line,"a series of "little

Burton was prepared to return to his home ward in things"that accumulated through the years, "piling the East Cache Stake and "accept a job teaching Sunone on top of another,"that enabled him to acquire a day School, or ward teaching—anything the Church strong conviction of the truth of the doctrines of the

would have him do."As he spoke, one missionary restored Church and an unwavering testimony of the

turned to his companion who was also giving undividdivinity of Jesus Christ.

ed attention to Elder Burton's remarks, and was over-

I am because of the support andheard to say: "We know where he's going.""I am also what encouragement my wife has given me."He was marElder Burton, evidently, did not. However, the ried in the Salt Lake Temple, February 23, 1933, to

feeling was prevalent throughout the mission, that Minnie Susan Preece. They have one son, Robert

he would continue to serve the Lord in even greater Preece Burton, fourteen. He likes to recall an expericapacities, shortly after his release. But he admits he ence his motherin-law told him. Mrs. Preece, he

had not dreamed that such a responsible calling believes, is living proof that the old tales people awaited him from the headquarters of the Church. tell about troublesome mothersin-law are "just not

In reference to his new calling, he maintains that true."When her daughter Minnie and Theodore

"little men are made big enough"to do whatever the were in the first grade, Mrs. Preece watched them

Lord wants them to do. This is his firm belief. walk together through the classroom door on registra-

"When the Lord has a special job for us or a mission tion day and was impressed with the thought that for us to perform, he will magnify us and make us young Theodore would one day become her sonin- strong enough to carry out his work."This was law.

proved to him during the time he served as bishop of As professor in the Department of Chemistry at the Logan Fourth Ward of Cache Stake, "one of the Utah State University, where he has taught since most humbling experiences"of his life. 1943, Elder Burton strongly believes that his studies

"The work was beyond my capacity, but I did things in the field of chemistry have helped him to become then that I could never have done before. more sensitive to God's (Continued on page 59)

JANUARY 1961 23

Something Special from Johnny BY MARGARET BUNEL EDWARDS

room, with the bicycles stacked at one end, Greg shuffled the papers in his big hands and tteJ and noisier. Excited youngsters, stared resolutely at the neat lists of bicycles to be

i its, shook off their jackets, dropped auctioned. His navy tunic felt loose across his

niirK;nd shuffled their overboots in the pools of shoulders and his hazel flecked eyes burned in his

:hattripped and formed on the buff too thin face. Well, you didn't keep weight on a

fiir Hour i- Saunders turned his back to them rangy, six foot frame with the amount of food he'd for a desperate moment and ran his tongue over his been able to swallow during the past weeks.

dry lips. He grasped the mike. "Attention!"An expectant

oukbTf hate a whole roomful of kids you'd hush settled over the group, and quietly he explained.

] seen in your life. Hate them because they "Constable Harrison will wheel each bike out, as I

ghed and breathed and rejoiced in the excitement give its number. Highest bid takes the bike. Ready!"

couldn't, but he did. climbed to twelve. A happy kid with a dirty, freckled i H: Bay.MaybeHateyouthem because they lived The bid went from one dollar to two dollars and

Just as he hated the heavy little alley bag, full of face handed his money over and made off with his j *)ins, pressed into his top, inside pocket! The treasure.

carried Be last fifty cents of it clearing a Routine, Greg thought grimly. Just settle into the

drain tor::JJ.r Ferguson, and all the money in the routine, and you stop thinking, stop aching, stop

world couldn't buy off the pneumonia that took hold dying inside.

from the icy water. The same persistent two dollar bid finally got

"I've got eight bucks saved for your birthday, Dad,"through to him. He shot a long, hard glance at the

Johnny had whispered. "Guess you'll have to pick bidder. He was too thin for his height, wearing a

out your present yourself. Get something special, faded flannel shirt so carefully pressed that even the

something you really need, eh?"frayed threads at the collar lay in a neat line. And

He couldn't buy what he needed. And when he, his thick red hair had been hand trimmed, judging

in an occasional unguarded moment, allowed himself from the uneven, windburned area that lay below the to glimpse I dB*uish in Ellen's gaze, he knew he white, freshly uncovered space around his ears.

ouldn't do anything about her need, either. But it was his eyes that got you—they were too old,

d stood Jim Harrison watching him, a halftoo guarded against inevitable disappointment for a dnkiirv,,'lis forehead. He'd have to get on tenyear-old face. Yet a bright, desperate gleam ap-

d been helping to auction these peared persistently in those eyes, every time the lad! bikes ever since he'd joined the city called, "Two dollars."For all the world like a half-

i Bp, twelve years ago. He could do starved pup, making one last effort to get a bite to

it all right, as soon as he got used to seeing the achingly eat, yet knowing there was a kick on the way, instead.

familiar plaid arts, untidy hair, bright watchful Bicycle after bicycle was wheeled to the block and faces, still so soft andvulnerable. auctioned. The two (Continued on page 59)

essons for living BY PRESIDENT MARION D. HANKS, OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

There are a number of varied routes over which one 3. Many become interested in the Book of Mormon

can approach the Book of Mormon. All are interestand find faith in it through its great theological

ing and rewarding and rich in their promise of exciting teachings and the marvelous promise of personal adventures in learning and faith. Consider some of spiritual witness made by Moroni in the last chapter

them: of the book. The Book of Mormon goes hand in hand

1. Some individuals find particular satisfaction by with the Bible and adds great strength and undercoming to the Book of Mormon by way of its historical standing to the marvelous eternal truths taught in

roots, relating its origin to that of the Holy Bible and that Holy Book; for instance, consider the force and

how it came to be. The Bible is, of course, a compilameaning added to the account of Christ's baptism

tion of sacred records written over a long period of in Matthew 3:1315 by Nephi's explanation of the

time by prophets who lived on the Eastern Hemievent in 2 Nephi, chapter 31.

sphere. These prophethistorians communicated to 4. With the above and other valid approaches availtheir contemporary people the revelations and dealings able to the Book of Mormon student or teacher, there

of God with his children, and they left to the ages their are many who find the most fruitful and satisfying witness of faith in Almighty God, in his loving Fathersource of faith and testimony in the great "life lessons"hood, in the gospel, and in the divine mission of his to be found in the book. Wonderful personal direction

Savior Son. and inspiration can be found on page after page. For

The Book of Mormon is also a compilation of recthe searcher who reads with an eye to his own needs ords written over many centuries by prophethistorians and experiences, who can apply eternal lessons to his who spoke for God and who left to posterity their own circumstances, who is observant of life and those accounts of God's dealings with his children. The around him, the Book of Mormon again and again

locale of the Book of Mormon story is primarily the speaks its inspiration and enlightenment and enWestern Hemisphere, the people having originated, couragement.

however, in the eastern lands. The account of the Such application is, of course, one great reason for

preservation of the records and of their having come reading the scriptures. Nephi explained his extenin modern times into the hands of the Prophet Joseph sive use of the writings of Isaiah by saying, "for I did

Smith is fascinating and marvelous in light of the liken all scriptures unto us, that it might be for our nature of the book and of its origins. profit and learning."(1 Nephi 19:23.) Again, he told

2. There are those who are chiefly attracted to the his people to listen to the words of Isaiah and "liken

Book of Mormon through what might be called its them unto yourselves."(Ibid., 19:24.)

external evidences. Many books have been published Among the many impressive examples of such opto present evidences, viewpoints, and theories about portunities, consider this one from the Book of MorBook of Mormon archaeology, history, geography, and mon.

literature. Current research in heretofore untouched During the travels of Lehi and his family and

fields (An Approach to the Book of Mormon, by Dr. followers after they left Jerusalem, an accident ocHugh Nibley), and adventures and experiences (Kon curred which brought about an unusual result. Nephi

Tiki, etc.) lend excitement and substance to this broke the bow which he had used to obtain food for

approach. the group, and they were without provisions. As

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA usual in times of difficulty, Laman and Lemuel and humbly inquired of the Lord and received the answer.

the sons of Ishmael immediately began to murmur Food was obtained. Lehi resumed the leadership of his

and cry out against their brother Nephi and against people and wavered no more to the end of his days.

the Lord. Then, astonishingly, even faithful old Nephi could have made his own inquiry of the

father Lehi, having endured many trials of faith but Lord; his faith was strong. He had successfully

suffering now for want of food, complained and "began hunted the wilderness for food previously. But he

to murmur against the Lord his God."(Ibid., 16:20.) loved his father and was willing and wise and loyal

What followed was a unique demonstration of love enough to do for him the most important thing he and humility and loyalty. could do.

Nephi was a choice young man, a chosen servant of A small incident? Let it be repeated: It is no

the Lord, and blessed with visions and with visitasmall thing to restore confidence and faith in a man tions from heavenly messengers. He was the logical at a critical point in his life.

successor to his father as the leader of the people. It was once said:

He might reasonably have been expected to "take "I have believed the best of every man, and find over"at this critical moment when the faith of the that to believe it makes a good man better, and even others wavered. Many men in similar circumstances a bad man swing his lantern higher."

in other affairs of life have done so, and many would Another great writer has said this, be quick to do so if the occasion permitted. "If you treat an individual as he is, he will remain

Nephi counseled his father and brethren in their as he is; but if you treat him as if he were what he

faithlessness. Then, having made a new bow and ought to be and could be, he will become what he

arrow, and taking a sling and stones, he went to his ought to be and could be."(Goethe.)

sorrowing father and asked him, "Whither shall I How important to the happiness and wholesomeness go to obtain food?"(Ibid., 16:23.) Lehi, strengthened of our lives to know such lessons as this and many

and renewed by the confidence and love of his son, others which can be learned in the Book of Mormon.

NO LAST FRONTIERS

BY HELEN KIMBALL ORGILL

Dream on, O youth, dream on, nor fear the morrow For hidden potencies and needed power

Will bring a hindrance of your firm desiresWill aid you toward the goal that you may seek.

There are no "last frontiers"and those lost chances Dream on, dream on, those hopes and fervid longings

Will come again and you may still aspire. Are prophets, telling what you may attain.

Olympian heights, bright vista shine before you—Live worthily, and if you are deserving,

Doubt not your strength to scale the rugged peak, The good of earth, the best will be your gain!

JANUARY 1961 27

But he that believeth these things

Do not suppose, because it has been which I have spoken, him will I spoken concerning the restoration visit with the manifestations of that ye shall be restored from sin my Spirit, and he shall know and to happiness. Behold, I say unto bear record. For because of my

you, wickedness never was happiSpirit he shall know that these; for it persuadeth ness. (Alma 41:10. things are true

men to do good.

And whatsoever thing persuadeth men to do good is of me. (Ether 4:

1112.)

ma.

Wherefore, my beloved brethren, if you have not charity, ye are nothBut behold, I say unto you that ye; ing, for charity never faileth. must pray always, and not faint

that ye must not perform any thing Wherefore, cleave unto charity, unto the Lord save in the first which is the greatest of all, for place ye shall pray unto the Father all things must failin the name of Christ, that he will But charity is the pure love of consecrate thy performance unto Christ, and it endureth forever;

thee, that thy performance may be and whoso is found possessed of it for the welfare of thy soul. (2 at the last day, it shall be well

Nephi 32:9. with him. (Moroni 7:4647.)

Great and marvelous are thy works, O Lord God Almighty! Thy throne is high in the heavens, and thy

power, and goodness and mercy are over all the inhabitants of the earth; and, because thou art merciful,

thou wilt not suffer those who come unto thee that they shall perish! (1 Nephi 1:14.)

O that thou mightest be like unto this river, continually running into the fountain of all righteousness!...

O that thou mightest be like unto this valley, firm and steadfast, and immovable in keeping the commandments of the Lord! ( 1 Nephi 2:9-10.

I, Nephi,... having great desires to know of the mysteries of God, wherefore, I did cry unto the Lord; and

behold he did visit me, and did soften my heart that I did believe all the words which had been spoken by my father. (1 Nephi 2:16.)

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, said unto my father: I will go and do the things which the Lord hath

commanded, for I know that the Lord giveth no comman dments unto the children of men, save he shall prepare a way for them that they may accomplish the thing which he commanded them. (1 Nephi 3:7.)

For he that diligently seeketh shall find; and the mysteries of God shall be unfolded unto them, by the

power of the Holy Ghost. (1 Nephi 10:19.)

And blessed are they who shall seek to bring forth my Zion at that day; for they shall have the gift and the

power of the Holy Ghost; and if they endure unto the end they shall be lifted up at the last day, and shall

be saved in the everlasting kingdom of the Lamb. (1 Nephi 13:37.)

And he gathereth his children from the four quarters of the earth; and he numbereth his sheep, and they

know him; and there shall be one fold and one shepherd; and he shall feed his sheep, and in him they shall

find pasture. (1 Nephi 22:25.)

Wherefore, this land is consecrated unto"him whom he shall bring. And if it so be that they shall serve

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Now I say unto you that ye must repent, and be born again; for the

Spirit saith if ye are not born again ye cannot inherit the kingdom of heaven; therefore come and

be baptized unto repentance, that ye may be washed from your sins, that ye may have faith on the Lamb of God, who taketh away the sins of the world, who is mighty to save and to cleanse from all unrighteousness. (Alma 7:14.)

SMMMMWItBIMMIBItlidttHMIfllMinHni Nevertheless they did fast and pray oft, and did wax stronger in their humility, and firmer and firmer in the faith of Christ, unto the is.y filling their souls with joy and

consolation, yea, even to the puriREAD IT IN '61 fying and the santif ication of their hearts, which sanctif ication cometh because of their yielding their hearts unto God. (Helaman

3:35.)

:: -: ':: ': v:"':':.:.....MfMMi?:-:-'nil i

As you read the Book of Mormon during 1961 why QUOTES not memorize one of your favorite passages each week? Here are some suggestions.

him according to the commandments which he hath given, it shall be a land of liberty unto them; wherefore,

they shall never be brought down into captivity; if so, it shall be because of iniquity; for if iniquity shall

abound cursed shall be the land for their sakes, but unto the righteous it shall be blessed forever. (2 Nephi

1:7.)

Awake, my sons; put on the armor of righteousness. Shake off the chains with which ye are bound, and come

forth out of obscurity, and arise from the dust. (2 Nephi 1:23.)

Adam fell that men might be; and men are, that they might have joy. (2 Nephi 2:25.)

Awake, my soul! No longer droop in sin. Rejoice, O my heart, and give place no more for the enemy of my

soul.

Do not anger again because of mine enemies. Do not slacken my strength because of mine afflictions.

Rejoice, O my heart, and cry unto the Lord, and say: O Lord, I will praise thee forever; yea, my soul will

rejoice in thee, my God, and the rock of my salvation. (2 Nephi 4:2830.)

But wo unto him that has the law given, yea, that has all the commandments of God, like unto us, and that transgresseth them, and that wasteth the days of his probation, for awful is his state!

O the vainness, and the frailties, and the foolishness of men! When they are learned they think they are wise,

and they hearken not unto the counsel of God, for they set it aside, supposing they know of themselves, wherefore, their wisdom is foolishness and it profiteth them not. (2 Nephi 9:2728.)

Remember, to be carnallyminded is death, and to be spirituallyminded is life eternal. (2 Nephi 9:39.)

And this land shall be a land of liberty unto the Gentiles, and there shall be no kings upon the land, who shall raise up unto the Gentiles.

And I will fortify this land against all other nations.

And he that fighteth against Zion shall perish, saith God. (2 Nephi 10:1113.)

JANUARY 1961 29

Little children cannot repent; And behold, I tell you these things

wherefore, it is awful wickedness that ye may learn wisdom; that ye

to deny the pure mercies of God may learn that when ye are in the unto them, for they are all alive in service of your fellow beings ye him because of his mercy. (Moroni are only in the service of your

8:19.) God. (Mosiah 2:17.

Wherefore, brethren, seek not to counsel the Lord, but to take counAnd whoso receiveth this record, sel from his hand. For behold, ye and shall not condemn it because of

yourselves know that he counseleth the imperfections which are in it, in wisdom, and in justice, and in the same shall know of greater great mercy, over all his works. things than these. (Mormon 8:12.)

(Jacob 4:10.

... others will he pacify, and lull them away into carnal security, that they will say: All is well in Zion;

yea, Zion prospereth, all is well—and thus the devil cheateth their souls, and leadeth them away carefully

down to hell. (2 Nephi 28:21.)

For behold, thus saith the Lord God: I will give unto the children of men line upon line, precept upon

precept, here a little and there a little; and blessed are those who hearken unto my precepts, and lend an

ear unto my counsel, for they shall learn wisdom; for unto him that receiveth I will give more; and from

them that shall say, We have enough, from them shall be taken away even that which they have. (2 Nephi

2S:30.)

Wherefore, because that ye have a Bible ye need not suppose that it contains all my words; neither need ye

suppose that 1 have not caused more to be written. (2 Nephi 29:10.)

And now, if the Lamb of God, he being holy, should have need to be baptized by water, to fulfill all righteousness, O then, how much more need have we, being unholy, to be baptized, yea, even by water! (2

Nephi 31:5.)

And ye shall also forgive one another your trespasses; for verily I say unto you, he that forgiveth not his

neighbor's trespasses when he says that he repents, the same hath brought himself under condemnation.

(Mosiah 26:31.)

Behold, I say unto you they are made known unto me by the Holy Spirit of God. Behold, I have fasted

and prayed many days that I might know these things of myself. And now I do know of myself that they are

true; for the Lord God hath made them manifest unto me by his Holy Spirit; and this is the spirit of

revelation which is in me. (Alma 5:46.)

And now I would that ye should be humble, and be submissive and gentle; easy to be entreated; full of patience and longsuffering; being temperate in all things; being diligent in keeping the commandments of God

at all times; asking for whatsoever things ye stand in need, both spiritual and temporal; always returning

thanks unto God for whatsoever things ye do receive. (Alma 7:23.)

30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I

r>r> Their "Good Deed for the Day BY OMER A. KEARNEY

As we left Montreal in the big plane, we were soon are both long past the time of life when we would high up in the sky. Far below us we could see a qualify for a footrace, but we must have done pretty

thick, fleecy blanket of clouds. well as we sped into the station.

"Just think,"I said to my wife. "Those folks on the Meantime another passenger, with the same object

ground below consider this a cloudy day. They in mind, had joined us and was matching us stride

don't know that up here there isn't a cloud in this for stride. We both started talking to the ticket

blue sky."Life is sometimes like that. The clouds agent at once urging him to phone. He was doubtful

of circumstance seem to cover everything, but we and kept shaking his head, but I had him point out should realize that far and beyond our sight the sky the spot where we would get our baggage.

is always clear and blue. When I reached that point, my path was suddenly

Not long after that we began to see mountains of blocked by a redcap. His face peered earnestly into

beautiful clouds nearby, and a little later we heard mine as he asked, "Are you in a hurry for your bagthe captain say, "We have been compelled to change gage, Mister?""Right,"I said. Reaching out his

our course in order to avoid some bad weather. We hand, he said, "Give me your baggage checks. I'll

will be about twentyfive minutes late in getting into get them quick."I tried to describe them as he

Toronto."I didn't mind if the captain changed his faded away in the distance.

course, if it meant protecting our safety. Just then, In almost no time, I saw him come steaming back

we hit the edge of the storm. Outside we could into the station swinging those two bags like pendusee the driving rain as the plane began to pitch a bit. lums. "You want a taxi?"he shouted. "Sure do,"

I glanced across the aisle and noticed a young said I. At that, he stepped right out into the street,

woman passenger. She was sitting with her hands stuck a couple fingers in his mouth, and then came

tightly clenched and just then she looked up and such a screeching whistle as fairly shook the station.

rolled her eyes significantly. I noticed the stewardess The taxi driver, a half block away, might have been

sitting a couple of seats ahead, and she was chatting sound asleep but if he was, that whistle woke him up.

as if everything was normal. My friend gave him a violent gesture that certainly

I am not very brave, but I thought to myself—meant, "Get up here, pronto!"And he did.

trust the captain, and until that stewardess stops As we and our baggage rolled into the taxi, our smiling, I'll string along with them. It wasn't five other passenger friend came storming up and asked

minutes until we were out in the blue again. Then if he could ride with us. I said, "Jump in. Our driver

I began thinking about my connection in Chicago. I is a man by the name of Barney Oldfield, I think, and

realized I might miss my plane west from there. he knows how to drive."

I asked the stewardess if she thought we would be My confidence was not misplaced. "Barney"

that late in Chicago. She checked with the captain, squeezed through that traffic as if he were threading

and he said we would be that late or possibly later needles. Suddenly, and none too soon, the sign

as we were hitting headwinds. showed up and we piled out. From nowhere, another

"Well,"said my wife, "Let's not worry. There is redcap grabbed our bags and rushed us to the proper

always another plane later, of that I am sure."She counter. We were checked in, pushed out gate two,

was right and I did relax, but I determined to try for and we ran across the apron—to the finish line at the

flight 207 if I could make it. base of the ramp onto the plane.

Presently the stewardess came along again. "We "Great guns,"I said to my wife, as the propellers

will be quite late,"she said. "But the captain said we began to spin, "what wonderful people. It really

can arrange to get you and your wife off the plane didn't make any difference to them whether we missed first. Then, you rush right to the local ticket agent our plane, but they all seemed to make it their own

and have him phone the Plane 207 and tell them you special problem."

are on your way."I knew that I would have to get "Well,"my wife replied, "those dollar bills you

my baggage and recheck it, then get a taxi, and get were waving around might have helped some."

around to the other station. "Of course not,"I said. "Those were not dollar

I don't believe the propellers had stopped whirling bills. They were thank you notes, and I hope they

as my wife and I were bustling down the ramp. We got the message. It's a wonderful world."

JANUARY 1961 31 cab or bus would have allowed me to do, staring up/ sold the car at the lintels and cornices of earlier buildings, slowly, delightingly, reconstructing, as I went, the levels of the earlier life. The old Dutch city came alive at the

Bowling Green, the Battery, Maiden Lane (where theand took Dutch girls walked with their lovers), and the site of the ancient cross wall (Wall Street). The American

vivid Revolution George and Washington becameto Trinity, Paul's, churches, and St. and among the old my feet

Fraunce's Tavern.

BY JULIA COOLEY ALTROCCHI And all along the way the sights and sounds and smells of today could be sensed as only walkers can

When my husband died, a study of my budget rereceive such impacts. Unforgettable was the vignette,

vealed that I could keep the car and live dangerously for instance, under the shadow of the tall buildings close to the margin or dispense with the car and all of Wall Street, on that empty Sunday morning, and its attendant expenses and have a more comfortable a dilapidated old man in a long, timegreened coat, margin. My children were married. I lived alone, taking the lid off a streetcorner trashcan and grubbing

except for some university graduate students in the around for a crust of bread.

two extra bedrooms. I sold the car and took to my Speed may spread the landscape, but it blurs the

feet! It was the wisest move I ever made. detail. Walking restores the poignancy of detail.

I live in a new world, free, healthy, happy, tri- I walked half the circuit of Paris in a single day, umphant. A surplus of money every month! A seeing and sensing and feeling more than I had ever

surplus of energy every day! A lost art recovered, the experienced before in many days of driving around

art of walking. No worries! No ulcers! No legit in bygone times with my husband. Rome similarly

cramps! No repairs for any collapsing machine, yielded up its treasures on wonderful, loitering walks.

automotive or human! Ireland can be satisfactorily seen in no other way

If I desperately need transportation, there are busses except by walking.

or friends. I've become an intermittent "busser,"(not "Oh,"exclaimed a richlyvehicled friend to me,

in the Elizabethan sense). But, whenever I possibly "why go to Ireland? There's nothing to see but green

can, I walk. fields and little thatched cottages."

I find that my cardependent friends can't walk Back in my own country now, I walk the streets with me for two blocks without leaning against of my high hill town of Berkeley, California, and get lamp posts, gasping for breath, and clutching at their to know my neighbors better, their lovely houses and ankles. I therefore walk alone and love it. their gardens and the unparalleled views between the

Ours is definitely a vehicular culture. In New York houses. I come to a halt with wonder, looking at

recently, just before taking off on a European trip these extraordinary panels of San Francisco Bay, the that dispensing with a car had afforded me, I haptowered city, the two great bridges, the purple hills, pened to ask a pedestrian at Fifth Avenue and 102nd the Golden Gate, the shipstudded ocean.

Street how far it was to the Museum of the City of And how I breathe in vigor and joy and health!

New York. Cardrivers are slow, dull breathers. Walkers are

"The Museum? Wait! I'll call that cab for you. deeplunged, vigorous, vividlysensing, totally alive.

It's two blocks up the Avenue—at 104th."(I am sixtysix and feel twentysix!)

"Thanks, but when I'm unable to walk two blocks, It is only by surrendering a car and all its contingent

I'll have two or three feet in the grave."expenses and problems that many of us can hope to

In New York, the following day, after studying old have a little extra money in the purse. Two or three

maps and lithographs at the museum, I walked all years of saving runningexpenses of a car yields enough over lower Manhattan, discovering the old city as no money for a secondclass ticket to Europe and return.

32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Era of YouthTheMarion D. Hanks, Editor;

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

JANUARY 1961

In this Issue LOOKING AH

PLANNING FOR THE

BEST

MONTHS

OF YOUR LIFE...THE YEAR AHEAD

DAVID CARLSON. GARDEN GROVE

SECOND WARD, SANTA ANA STAKE, CALIFORNIA. PHOTO ROBERT FERINE

ouiuth throughout the ages has sought great meaning and adventure in life.

is still the case. I believe DespiteY modern comfort and ease, I am convinced this

you want to give yourselves to great causes and feel the thrill of great risk in their achievement.

You are fortunate because the future opportunity for achievement and meaningful service is so tremendous it dwarfs anything faced by earlier generations.

As a result of our nation's founders and our church's pioneers, you possess the key to unlocking the future for all men. Our forefathers

established a nation and our grandparents conquered the physical hardships to make the mountainous desert blossom, but your lot is to spread freedom and justice around the world and quicken the arid regions in the hearts and souls of men.

The nation has been physically settled, the nation has endured, but its future depends on solving spiritual, political, economic, social and cultural deserts in the minds and institutions of men. This is infinitely more difficult than

overcoming physical hardships.

The Lord has given you the tools for this purpose and the formula for success. It reads: "Search diligently, pray always, and be believing, and all

things shall work together for your good, if ye walk uprightly and remember the covenant wherewith ye have covenanted one with another."(D&C 90:24.)

"Search diligently"means work hard. Prepare. I have found success results

when preparation meets opportunity.

"Pray always"is not for the lazy. Those pray most who, having done

their all, are determined not to be defeated. Prayer and fasting have

enabled me to make the right decision in every crucial point in my life.

"Be believing"means to have faith in your preparation and your decisions.

Be positive. There is no insurmountable barrier to those with confidence

in their convictions.

The world's future depends on your giving to the world the principles that founded the nation and enabled our ancestors to conquer the deserts.

Yours is to be the most decisive age of all. Through preparation, faith,

PHOTO: MAX THARPE courage, and persistence, make it the greatest! by george romney

George Romney, President of the Detroit Stake of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints, is President of American Motors Company and one of the nation's bestknown and most successful business leaders. A missionary for the Church in

his youth, President Romney has always kept his life centered in gospel principles and church activities as he has pioneered in his chosen field and has earned the esteem of people everywhere for his vision and courage and integrity.

What are your desires and ambitions for the bright new year—and all the others

ahead. How will you go about realizing them?

Better than most men, President George Albert Smith, eighth President of the Church, won the love and respect of his fellow men—in and out of the Church.

President Smith based his successful life of service to God and men on a few simple principles. We would like you to share them.

would be a friend to the friendless and find joy in ministering

I to the needs of the poor.

"I would visit the sick and afflicted and inspire in them a desire for faith to be healed.

"I would teach the truth to the understanding and blessing of all mankind.

"I would seek out the erring one and try to win him back to a righteous and a happy life.

"I would not seek to force people to live up to my ideals, but rather love them into doing the thing that is right.

"I would live with the masses and help to solve their problems that their earth life may be happy.

"I would avoid the publicity of high positions and discourage the flattery of thoughtless friends.

"I would not knowingly wound the feeling of any, not even one who may have wronged me, but would seek to do him good and make him my friend.

"I would overcome the tendency to selfishness and jealousy and rejoice in the success of all the children of my Heavenly Father.

"I would not be an enemy to any living soul.

"Knowing that the Redeemer of mankind has offered to the world the only plan that will fully develop us and make us really happy here and hereafter, I feel it not only a duty but a blessed privilege to disseminate this truth."

PHOTO: HAYES, MONKMEYER

louou cant stay up with the owls and fly with the eagles."The validity

is vividly illustrated by the great number of athletes who have of this oldYproverb failed to fulfill their potential or have shortened their careers because of dissipation of one sort or another.

Although my name may not (and I'm sure it won't) ever be placed with the great names of baseball, I attribute what success I've enjoyed to the fact that I do not handicap myself with the harmful effects of tobacco and alcohol. Playing professional baseball

is a very demanding task, and a player owes it to himself and to his teammates to stay in the best possible condition. I am determined not to be like scores of other players

who did have the tools to be successful in the big time but threw them away because they couldn't stay away from alcohol and the socalled "good times."

My career in baseball has been a Cinderella story. I was born on a farm near the small town

of Meridian, Idaho, in a large family with meager means. Now I find myself staying in the best

hotels, meeting people of importance as far as society is concerned. Yet, because of my

background and beliefs, I know these are not the really important things. We should put the

Church and the gospel above all else. So, as the years have: passed, my

testimony has grown, as many avenues of opportunity to serve and progress have opened up.

I stay close to my family and the Church. Baseball has given me many opportunities

to preach the gospel. Looking back on my life, I can thank many people who

helped prepare me for success by giving their time in helping direct my energies in the right direction. So now I place the truly important things first in my life.

I've never been ashamed of the gospel or of adhering to its teaching as I realize it's because of them that I have just enjoyed my greatest year in baseball.

My father used to tell me, "Son, always put first things first, and the Lord will bless you."by vernon law

Vernon Law climaxed his greatest year in baseball by winning the Cy Young Memorial Award as the outstanding pitcher in the major leagues in I960. A 20game winner for Pittsburgh during the regular season,

Vern pitched in three games for the Pirates in leading them to victory in the World Series. He was credited

with winning two of his team's four wins and left the game with the Pirates leading 4-1 in his third appearance. Vernon Law is an elder and a faithful Latterday Saint. Many articles have appeared nationally

lauding his character and wholesomeness and pointing up his devoted activity in the Church and his adherence to Church standards. He and his fine family have been ambassadors and exemplars of the highest order

life. for the Church and its principles\and way of fE choosie,"says teen always attend our church meetings. It's even more important when

Janie Black from Ontario you're in show business to maintain the proper balance."There is more

Second Ward, Mt. Rubidoux than attending, though. Jeanne is activity counselor in the YWMIA,

Stake in Southern California. and Janie is a chorister as well as president of her Sunday School class.

"Choose as your friends those As for hobbies and favorites, Jeanne is a bookworm and loves chocolatewith high ideals, and never covered grahams; Janie goes for pizza and (pardon the expression)

feel you have to follow the boiz, lots of them!

crowd."Janie, 16, and sister As parting advice to you success seekers, here's Jeanne's threestep

Jeanne, 22, ought to know all plan: 1. Decide what you believe. 2. Live it. 3. Things will come your

about how to be successful way. Opportunities come to those who stand up for their convictions.

for they've careers, aboutand Capitol Recording artists sit at the family organ which accompanied Jeanne, 22, and sister Black, 16, acJanie worldwidealready won plains. the across predecessors their pioneer Capitol the singingclaim on

Record label. Listen to Janie

and Jeanne harmonize on "Journey of Love"or Jeanne sing her latest record release, "Lisa."Where did they start

vocalizing? You guessed it

... at Church of course.

The opportunities grew....

Jeanne has been a happy repeater on the Dick Clark show, and both girls have toured the nation. Jeanne

just recently returned from an engagement at the Michigan State Fair. FatherMan-

ager Marv Black says, "We

BY ROBERT PERINE

PHOTO BY AUTHOR

i me was when stargazing was big business. for, what to guard against, what to capitalize on.

The ancients believed that the position of the stars Let the months be meaningful to you as a series determined one's fate. They also believed the world of goal posts; marking places of accomplishment

was flat! starsteps to the bright, shining one you're so eager

But times have changed, and nowadays almost to be.

everybody agrees that it's not the viewers but the From January to December take on one challenge doers who make dreams a reality and give meaning at a time. Do some soulsearching, some stargazing

to the future. of your own. Determine to broaden your sphere;

And though ancient superstitions may be fascinatprepare for your opportunities; think creatively; do

ing to consider, forecasting one's future by zodiac good deeds; focus on fun in a versatile way

symbols is strictly for the birds. There is value in recharge your batteries with loftier thoughts, better

hitching one's proverbial wagon to yonder star and reading, finer experiences; organize your life;

trudging upward—to setting one's goal and striving strengthen your will; improve your appearance and

to reach it. There is wisdom in eyeing the months personality; and don't underestimate your own

and years ahead in terms of what to be prepared power to make your own predictions come true.

f"1'

PHOTO* BOB TAYLOR BE A SOMEBODY "What does it mean to be a somebody?"This question had flooded Sharon's Stephen A. Childers was in his first year

mind as she walked slowly home from school. Brother White, the seminary at West Point when he wrote this letter to

teacher, had challenged the class with the question, and asked them to his younger brother for his twelfth birththink deeply about it and come prepared Monday morning for discussion. day. A priesthood award winner in the

"Jane will probably know exactly what to say, since she is the most popuAlton Ward, St. Louis Stake, Stephen is

elder an now teacher has and been a and will girl lar Sharon. in school,"just I say? I'm thought "But what

in officer auxiliaries. In Church school he special, I can't not I'm certainly do anything Greene. and Sharon

in track honors like won and swimming and

Jane."received awards in science and citizenship.

Sharon turned up the walk. A gentle breeze seemed to whisper softly At West Point he has been on the Dean's

in her ear. "Take a deep breath, stand up! Feel alive! Look around you. List and has established swimming records.

to the mountains, Look hear all Pictured below are Stephen and his brother.

!"of the sounds the happy risingearth—alltall isandyours.majesticLive.in Livethe distance;

Just as she was about to enter the hallway, Sharon stopped, turned, and gazed at those mountains about which the breeze had whispered to her. It was as if she had seen them for the first time, rugged and mightylooking. Suddenly she became more conscious of the other things around

her.

Lightly Sharon turned and stepped into the house. She knew what

she would tell Brother White on the following Monday morning.

Monday morning came, and the discussion began. It proceeded very

well and was lively and interesting. When there were only a few minutes

remaining, Brother White called on Sharon to give her ideas to the class.

Her heart was thumping loudly as she stood by her desk and began to speak. "What does it mean to be somebody? It is not position, beauty, power,

wealth, or fame that leave an impression on men. It is the value of the

soul which really counts. What value do you place on your soul? The

way you think, live, and act show what you think of your soul. We cannot

be somebody unless we keep the commandments of God. We must be forgiving, kind, at peace with ourselves, helpful, eager to gain knowledge,

and eager to serve our fellow men. I don't mean that we have to be

Puritanical; we can live up to our standards and still have a sense of

humor, wit, and gaiety."Sharon paused, then continued, "Look around

you every day. Be alert and aware of God's handiwork—his rivers, mountains, sky, trees—everything you have is in reality God's. He gave

it to you, and to me, because to him no matter the hour or the place or what we've done, wre are somebody."

A great silence filled the room. Brother White returned to his desk,

cleared his throat and said, "Before you go, I have another project for you. We won't discuss your discoveries in class. Each of you will record your progress in your faces, thoughts, and actions. Look around you—be aware of God's handiwork—and remember that regardless of race, creed,

or class, you are the steward of a soul. Value that soul; value the simple

truths around you. Be somebody! Class dismissed."by deanna b. whitaker

FIRST PRIZE WINNER IN THE ERA OF YOUTH WRITING CONTEST, AGE IS Stephen A. Childers

'ear jim. Happy Birthday! How does it feel to be twelve? If I were home, it wouldD. feel painful in a certain spot... understand? By the time you get this you will be twelve. This is

an important time in your life because you will be able to hold the priesthood now. I wish I

could be there when you are ordained. You must always remember that holding the priesthood

is a great honor and privilege. You must always be true to it even if you see others who

aren't honoring theirs. The office of deacon in the Aaronic Priesthood gives you more power

and authority in God's kingdom than do the offices of President of the United States, Prime

Minister of Great Britain, and leaders of all the other countries combined. It

may be hard to realize, but it does. Don't think the seriousness of the priesthood will make

holding it unpleasant, for you will find that the priesthood will give you great opportunities for service. Love of God and service to him, combined with love and service

to people is the best road to happiness. You have a wonderful opportunity

unfolding before you, make the most of it. Honor and magnify your priesthood.

If you are in doubt whether something is right or wrong, ask yourself, "Would Jesus clo it?"If he wouldn't, don't you, and you won't be wrong.

I hope you have a Happy Birthday. Don't bother your sister

too much. Write me and tell me what you are doing.

Your brother, Steve UNDERSTANDING YOURSELF gives you a head start on happiness

*m--. 1. Have you ever made a list of your personal

assets and liabilities?

2. Do you like what you know about yourself?

3. Are you content spending an occasional evening alone?

4. Can you think of at least three ways your

personality could be improved?

5. When a speaker or teacher asks for questions are you

willing to participate?

6. Can you shop for clothes successfully alone?

WQBP 7. Do you usually accomplish what you set out to do...

(finish the assignment, do that household task *-*v Mom asked help on)?

8. Do you have some kind of goal you're working toward now?

9. If you had to, could you manage a household on your own

for a short time? (This is for both boys and girls!)

10 Can you laugh at yourself?

The more "yes"answers you have on this little quiz, the firmer your grip on life, the happier you'll be. If you have more than five "no's", get with it! Visit your school

counselor, or the library, bone up on ERA of YOUTH tips and make life meaningful.

PHOTO: MAX THARPE

"profit or loss"ARMED S ERVICE TIME

The bishop watched from the bus stop as another young man left for his tour of duty in the Army. What kind of life was ahead for him? How would he meet

the great variety of temptations and challenges that were to come?

As he pondered, the bishop thought of his own Army experience and the temptations he had faced and conquered. In his case it had been a great time of growth,

both socially and spiritually. He had lived the gospel principles, he had met wonderful people and had enjoyed some worthwhile experiences. Now he looked back

on his time spent as a progressive period of his life.

As he saw it, there were three specific areas where the men of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, who have a background quite unlike any other group of men in the Army, must be strong if they are to conquer the problems of Army life. 1) Proper usage of time. This is, perhaps, the number one problem of a young

man in the service. He comes from a life that is busy and eventful, into a life

that is slow moving and restricted. His activities are naturally held in check by

the requirements of the Army system. These things bring about, to most G.I.'s, a

lot of spare time—both on and off the job. In order to come out ahead his spare

time must be used to advantage. The bishop recalled that he had taken a stack of

notebook paper and had outlined the Book of Mormon and the M Men Study

Course. Many things can be done that will bring added knowledge and be of value

to us.

The more this sparetime factor is controled the closer a young man is to realizing his goal of making the Army service a useful chapter in his life.

2) Selfcontrol. The choices that are to be met by a young man in the military

are many and varied. Every day some temptation arises, at least until he gets in

the habit of rejecting forms of evil. As he does this, the problem is mitigated. The

language problem is an excellent example. We have all heard that "as a man

thinketh (and speaketh) so is he."It is a real challenge to Latterday Saints

to abstain from foul language. It is heard every waking hour, and as the serviceman controls his own tongue, he has a feeling of selfmastery and success.

3) Proper choice of associates. The young man who leaves home has heard all

his life the importance of choosing good companions. Nowhere is it more important

than in the Armed Forces. There are all kinds of people to associate with and

his choice here can make a difference all the rest of his life.

If there are no suitable companions available, then it is better to be alone and in good company than with a group and not be able to live with one's self.

As the bishop turned to leave, he was thinking how all of us must face the problem squarely and ask ourselves if a lifetime of happiness here and an eternity in the celestial kingdom is worth living the freedomsaving gospel principles. As we

use our time with success we become stronger and more able and willing to face the future with optimism and confidence. by sp/4 Stephen l. barrett

I'D LIKE TO KNOW CONVERSATION PIECE

A number of questions have been received about PRIVATE FOOTNOTES... to a new calendar:

young members of the church dating nonmembers.

The statement on this subject printed below was an *Save some nights for home life with the entry in the writing contest for the Era of Youth.

You will appreciate its thoughtful nature. Read it family.

carefully, THEN GIVE US YOUR OWN VIEWS

AND EXPERIENCE ON THE MATTER.

*Plan a "cousin's party"and find out that you're "I'd saying? ratherWhat's marry outhow much fun relatives really can be.

side of at never the temple than marry all!"You

know, what you're really saying is, "I'd rather settle for a temporary satisfaction today than continue to work and hope for the eternal joy which I came to *Take time out to make somebody happy in earth to obtain."some tangible way.

To me, the only question that can reasonably be asked concerning marriage is this—will I marry in

! Try a new food a week.theanswered—Itemple nowwill ormarrylater?in theAndtemplethis canwhenonlyI bebe *Live dangerously

come worthy and when I find someone with whom

I can compatibly build a successful eternal life.

"And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God,...."(John 17:3.) With an *Make scriptural reading a bedtime

eternal mate, you and I can make a big step toward ritual.

knowing God. Only those joined in the bonds of

matrimony in his house can fully know him, for only they can have eternal increase and thus become as he is. *Think up something different to do on

Knowing this, can there really be a choice? Our dates.

free agency grants that there can be, but what an easy choice it should be to make when we realize its significance not only to our progress but also to that of both our ancestors and descendants. *Do some tall thinking about the future

Did I hear you say something else? "Well, I'm... from here, where?

not going to sit home tonight just because he's not

LDS or because he is inactive in the Church. Of

course I wouldn't marry him (or her), but I don't think it should stop me from dating him."A friend

of mine, upon arriving home from a date one night, told me, "Whatever you do, don't even go out with GETTING TO KNOW... Kenneth W.

someone that you feel you can't or wouldn't want Stoffers, Ontario Second Ward, to marry!"Do you suppose she was just handing Nyssa Stake, Oregon. He was

out free advice?

You're right, not every date ends in marriage; elected "Student of the Month"

but practically every marriage does have its beginboth in junior and senior high ning in a date! When you consider asking for or years. He won a prize at the Counaccepting a date, do you say to yourself, "Even ty Fair for a movable robot and

though I do not now intend to marry this person, is s upon high school graduation reof type the person or she with I need havehe whom ceived the Bausch & Lomb Honorary in? If falling love"of don't, give fear youno it some

thought. Our Church recreation program gives us Science Award. And besides that,

a chance to become fairly well acquainted with many he's popular and active in church.persons from whom our dates—and eventually, \eternal mates—may be chosen.

Then who should we date? Speaking in general

terms, we should date persons with eternal goals those who accept and are conscientiously trying to MUSICAL MISS... Lorraine Davis has been

live every principle of the ten, Primary soloist since gospel—persons who ward organist since age

realize the full impact which the gospel has on their age 3 and winner in the recent alma mater song thislives influence. acknowledge and humbly If contest of the neiv Taft High School in Woodland haven't but are living type of person found thiswe

worthy and constantly praying for it, our Heavenly Hills, California. She's unusually talented, pretty

Father will help us. My testimony of our Heavenly to look at and never misses when it comes to MIA

Father's great justice assures me of this. awards and honors. This we like to hear.

LOLA COLLEEN JACKSON SALT LAKE CITY It was one of those tiny, oldfashioned hamlets which one sometimes finds almost unbelievably closeto the main highway. Clean

The gasoline pump beside the high wooden platform in front of the sleepylooking general store seemed almost an anachronism, but one which we your windshield were overjoyed to see. After leaving the route redinked on our map in an effort to locate the home of an

old friend (whom we did not find), we were hopelessly lost and almost out of gas. lady?

Our whole trip had been a series of disappointments: The car had been battered by rain, hail, and BY NORA COLLINS

mud; we were tired and cross, and to top it all, there

had been bad news from home when we had telethat neighbor you think unfriendly, the merchant phoned the previous evening. I drooped dispiritedly who seems ungracious to his customers, the fellow in

on the steering wheel while a scrawny man in faded the club who appears so stingy, the old woman up overalls filled the empty gasoline tank. the street who is such a grouch, might look very

"Clean your windshield, lady?"a cheerful voice different if viewed without a smudged outlook. Perat my side interrupted my dreary thoughts. haps the neighbor is only shy, the merchant one of

I turned to see a frecklesplitting grin and bright those persons who longs to be genial with others and blue eyes under a tousle of sandy hair. Their owner, just cannot. The seemingly stingy club member may

surely not more than ten years old, had to stand on be carrying a financial load of helping aged parents a box to reach the glass, but he scrubbed away inor an invalid sister, a load he never mentions. The

dustriously and did a fine job. In fact, he wrought a grouchy old woman could be the victim of great pain

miracle! For suddenly, as we started on our way and unhappiness. Why not take another and kinder

again, the day was brighter, the air clearer, the rutted look through a glass that has been wiped sparkling roadway easier to see. The whole world seemed to clean?

have taken on a new look with the mud and dust In times of discouragement, in those periods of and grime washed from our windshield. heartbreak when life seems almost more than one

It happened long ago. But many times through the can bear, even in the struggle to hold onto a wavering

passing years I have remembered the incident and religious faith or in the depths of those despondent wondered why we so often try to negotiate the intrithoughts which sometimes lead people to selfdestruc- cate highway of life with our vision obscured by tion, it can help, oh, how well I know it can help, to prejudice, selfishness, or ignorance just as effectively say to oneself, "Time to clean the windshield and get as mud and dust had filmed the windshield that day. a clearer view."You may be surprised how much

A friend of mine feels abused because her husband brighter things will look.

has not been as successful in business as some others, If you feel discontented in your job, dissatisfied and their finances are limited. I think of his neverwith your home, a little bored with your family, and

failing loyalty to her, his kindliness, their two fine annoyed by the routine chores and activities which children, the wonderful health with which both she seem sometimes almost to smother you, put your and her husband are blessed even in middle age, and imagination to work.

it is with exasperation, indeed, that I long to suggest A columnist once said wisely, "Even the brightest to her, "Clean your windshield, lady!"day seems dreary when you are looking out through

Recently another woman I know, who has been dirty windows."So, too, even out in the brightness

so badly bitten with the "keeping up with the Joneses"of the day itself, things may look worse than they bug that it finally led to the breakup of her marriage, are because vision is darkened by selfishness, prejsaid to me, "One thing I've learned, too late, is that udice, envy, boredom, pride, anger, overambition, it isn't what you have in your home that is important; doubt, fear, or any of the other of our human frailties.

it's who you have there to share it with you."Perhaps it will help others, too, as it has me to keep

"At last,"I thought, "she is seeing things clearly."in mind the practical suggestion of a cheerful little

And how tragic that, as she said, it was too late! Too country lad. Use plenty of faith for a cleanser, apply

long she had looked at life with her vision distorted vigorously with common sense and determined opby social ambitions and envy of others and had failed timism, and a whole new outlook on life can be the to see clearly the really important values. result of those simple, magic words, "Clean your

Many of those upon whom we pass harsh judgments, windshield, lady?"

JANUARY 1961 33 BY RONALD E. SMITH, Ph.D., Portland state college

Everyone is afraid. Everyone is afraid of a great are "successful,"but at what price—ulcers, headaches,

many things. Most of these fears serve a useoverworked hearts? How many of us have envied the

ful purpose in that they prevent us from getting person whom everyone seems to like, who is the life hurt or killed. No one feels ashamed because he of every party he attends? But how many of us would

fears a speeding car coming toward him on the highcontinue to envy him if we realized he was afraid of way, or fears a loaded pistol, because these are the being disliked and afraid of being alone?

kinds of fears everyone has. What disturbs a person It is only fair to say that not all people who are sucmost is the realization that he fears things and situacessful, wellliked, and sociable are motivated by

tions which others seem to face confidently and handle fear. Most are successful because they possess ability

in their stride. Most of us look with envy at the person and are wellliked and sociable because they like other

who bristles with energy, who drives himself from one people. Fear can be constructive as well as destructive,

success to another. We would not be so envious if but it is fear nonetheless. It is the same kind of fear

we realized that such people were often driven by which drives some to success and others to unhappifear. Many people of this sort are constantly haunted ness. The difference is only that of source and direcby fear of failure. They are afraid to let up and enjoy tion.

life. To relax, or try to, is upsetting and uncomfortThe newborn baby is afraid of loud noises and of

able. They feel compelled to do something, to be falling. We know though that as he grows older

continually on the move and on the alert. Surely they he becomes afraid of many more things. All these

fears have one thing in common... they are more than he feared his father.

learned. He learns to fear just as he learns to walk or Most of the unhappiness, dissatisfaction, and disto read and write. This learning occurs in three ways: content which plague people's lives can be traced to

by actual experience, by teaching, or by noting the the presence of only three common fears: fear of

things others fear. Very few of our fears arise from the social situations, fear of the new and different, and

first source, that of actual experience. Some come from fear of oneself. The use of the word common is a

the third source, that of noting the kinds of things deliberate one, and its meaning is clear: the person

others are afraid of. Most of our fears, and particularwho is afraid has lots and lots of company. What can

ly those which handicap us as adults, arise from the be done to overcome them? Let us see.

unwitting or deliberate teaching of others. Unfortunate though it may be, our parents are responsible for Fear of Social Situations

the majority of fears which we find so troubling. This is the most common fear of all. The world is

Don't we all remember the pleas of our parents to "be full of men and women who are afraid to meet new careful"or to "not do that"because we might get people, to attempt to carry on a conversation in a hurt? In their love for us, and their desire to keep us social gathering, to give a speech, to ask for a raise, or

from all harm, our parents often exaggerate the little to propose. Why should this fear be? Think back to

dangers which we all must face in everyday living. As the days when you were told, "behave yourself,"

children we are unable to separate large and small "don't try and be smart when company is here,""don't dangers. Our parents'admonitions to "be careful"we be forward,""children should be seen and not heard,''

are likely to interpret as a sign that we are walking etc. To misbehave, to be a "smart aleck,"to be heard

along the brink of disaster. rather than seen was to invite parental displeasure and

Contrary though it may seem, we can be taught to subsequent punishment. We became afraid to speak

be afraid by people who are trying to teach us not to up, to voice our opinions, and to join in. Again, as

be afraid. If we are facing some strange new experichildren we were unable to understand whv our

ence, well wishers might say, "Go ahead, don't be opinions should not be voiced in gatherings of adults, afraid."Does this fill us with confidence? It is not only that we must not voice them. Add to this the

likely to. It is more likely to make us feel that here is passage of time, and the tendency for fears to grow

something they are afraid of, and therefore something and become attached to more things, and the reasons we should be afraid of. What results? If we go on, we for our discomfort in the presence of others becomes

go with two strikes against us. We are afraid. apparent.

Psychologists know that once a fear has been If this type of fear is one which bothers you, take established in a person, two things will almost inheart in the realization that most of the people you variably follow: first, it will grow stronger as time meet in social gatherings feel exactly the same way

passes; and, second, it will become attached to more you feel. They have had the same kind of do's and

and more people and situations; for example, if a child don'ts directed toward them as children as you did.

fears a stern punishing father, he will learn to fear all Always remember that they find it as difficult to be persons who are in authority and to fear them even easy in your presence (Continued on page 40)

What disturbs you most is the realization that you fear things and situations which others seem to face confidently

JANUARY 1961 35

J) Y*

The Latterday Saints were given "modern scriptures"in order that more about the plan of God for his children might be known and better understood. This

is a great blessing, but it must also be understood that all have been commanded by the Lord to search and study them—to know these scriptures. How ungrateful is the Latterday Saint who does not use the scriptures—who does not

know them! More emphatically, how slothful is the Latterday Saint teacher

who fails to search the scriptures in diligence and endeavor beyond the bare stint of requirement. President William E. Berrett, vice administrator of the

Unified Church School System in charge of seminaries and institutes of religion, in a recent article made this point most emphatic in these words "We are in need of great scholarship, especially in the spiritual fields. First,

of course, we need to study the scriptures so that we can correlate one with the other. "Do you know your scripture? I fear that not all do....

"How can you teach any subject properly without a knowledge of what is available upon a subject. Do you know the truth?...

"We must have scholarly study of the four standard works of the Church.

We have no excuse not to know them. We are expected to know them."(The

Improvement Era, May 1960, p. 332.)

Impressed with the seriousness of President Berrett's challenge, the writer desires to call to the attention of the teachers of the Church other counsel the

Lord has given regarding this calling. His words are of prime importance

above all the understanding of man concerning the subject. Five basic reminders

or cautions from the Lord as found in modern scriptures are suggested below.

Every teacher in the Church ought to know and respect these admonitions in giving instruction.

1. All teaching in the Church should be done under the influence of the Holy

Ghost.

This is the basic requirement for all teachers no matter where they serve.

Only through this divine medium will what is taught enter into the hearts of those who hear. Indeed, those who teach must do so under the influence of the Holy

Spirit. Concerning this Nephi said:

"... for when a man speaketh by the power of the Holy Ghost the power of

Go Ye Therefore and Teach

BY REED C. DURHAM, JR.

ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR, LOGAN INSTITUTE OF RELIGION

the Holy Ghost carrieth it unto the hearts of the children of men."(2 Nephi 33:1.)

The Lord has said:

"... Ye are not sent forth to be taught, but to teach the children of men the

things which I have put into your hands by the power of my Spirit."(D&C 43:15.)

To make more definite this understanding, the Lord further states:

"And again, the elders, priests and teachers of this church shall teach the principles of my gospel....

"And they shall observe the covenants and church articles to do them, and these shall be their teachings, as they shall be directed by the Spirit.

"And the Spirit shall be given unto you by the prayer of faith; and if ye

receive not the Spirit ye shall not teach."(Ibid., 42:1214.)

Teachers in the Church cannot afford to ignore these admonitions.

One of the great weaknesses of other churches in the world—and we must

be different from them—was predicted by Nephi of old in these words:

"And they shall contend one with another; and their priests shall contend

one with another, and they shall teach with their learning, and deny the Holy

Ghost, which giveth utterance."(2 Nephi 28:4.)

Continuing, Nephi proclaims:'

"... in many instances they do err because they are taught by the precepts

of men."(Ibid., 28:14.)

2. The personal lives of teachers in the Church must be exemplary.

The Lord is not pleased with the teacher whose attitude before his students is: "Do as I say, not as I do."The scriptures make it clear that the shepherds are

to lead his sheep, not drive them. Said Alma the elder to his people upon one

occasion: "And also trust no one to be your teacher nor your minister, except he be a man of God, walking in his ways and keeping his commandments."(Mosiah

23:14.) Those within the Church and those without the Church are influenced to follow or go astray through the conduct of their teachers. Consider the following from the Book of Mormon:

"And thus ended the eighth year of the reign of the judges; and the wickedness of the church was a great stumbling- (Continued on page 49)

The May, 1960 issue of the Era connaturally diffident person I would have the courage to remark tained an article 1 which has aroused more that any novel which can be read—I mean really read—on a

than ordinary interest and comment; it dislunch hour is not worth reading in the first place.

cussed techniques of and demonstrated the What is the purpose and value of speed reading? In my

remarkable possibilities in increasing readexperience with students, I find that it makes a major contriing speed. The results are truly impressive. bution to those who have difficulty in reading with attention,

I am moved to write this modest caveat, not students who read laboriously and are unable to see connecagainst this excellent article, but because I tions. For them, sentences and paragraphs fall into disconfeel that an uncritical and unexamined ennected fragments; they fail to grasp a coherent pattern—and

thusiasm for speed reading can be detrireading with a grasp of coherent pattern is certainly the basis mental. Since reading lies so close to the for firm comprehension. Increasing the reading rate of these

heart of learning and thinking, and thus is students helps both in fixing their attention and in their ability of deep interest to Latterday Saints, it to read with coherence. An invariably slow reader is a bad readbecomes important to see this technique in er. A good reader has generally cultivated the ability to read

proper perspective, to assess its proper funcfast.

tion and its limitations. However, to conclude from this that it is good to read all

Since I have read considerable material things at a high rate of speed is a gross error. It seems to me

on increasing reading rate and have listened that Sir Francis Bacon had the truth well in hand when he said, to people talk about it, I can't help discern- "Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some ing its kinship to our age—to our relentless few to be chewed and digested."A person can keep himself

demand for increased pace in everything, to quite well informed by swallowing rapidly the ephemeral maour tendency to make a fetish of speed. terial in newspapers and most magazines. Here is where highThe uncritical enthusiasm for speed readspeed reading is a valuable skill. But it is impossible to read

ing is too often related to our general tendwith profit those books which are of such a nature and quality as ency to be impressed by quantity: You to require slow chewing and digesting: excellent literature and

read faster, you read more; this is taken the scriptures.

to be good without any further questions as My wry comment earlier on novels was based on the fact is imto quality. This has become clear to me that in my opinion rapid reading of excellent literature

from the number of times people bring the possible; indeed, it is a contradiction. A person may swallow

subject up and tell me with awe, "soand-so Dostoyevsky at an astonishing rate, but he cannot claim to have is now able to read a novel during his read him. There is a space or rhythm in a work which cannot

lunch hour, or soand-so increased from 150 be contradicted any more than a slow movement of a Beethoven to 800 words a minute."If I were not a symphony can be played at a rapid tempo. In poetry this is so

obvious that it hardly needs mentioning. There are scenes and

i"To Read Fast with Good Comprehension"by Evelyn N. passages in the novels of Dostoyevsky which are dense withWood.

38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA thought; they have a reflective pace. Here, the human mind is

simply unable to grasp the nuances, the implications of these ideas in a reading which is so rapid that only the surface denotations of the words are apprehended. A rapid reading of James

Joyce is perhaps even more absurd in that he chose his wordswith such deliberation that even their etymological facets someSOME times play an important part in meaning—e.g., one fighter's fist

is "proposed"under the chin of another, which means "proposed"in the ordinary sense and also in the Latin sense of proponere, "to place under."This, granted, is unusually subtle, but it

illustrates a principle of creative work which places it beyond theskill of being able to swallow books. THOUGHTS BY WALTER E. BROMAN

Those readers who have honored me thus far with something slower than swallowing will have sensed that much of the problem turns on what is meant by "reading."Clearly, I don't regard reading as automatically taking place simply because theeye has glimpsed the words and the mind has taken in the generON

al drift—unless the material is of such a nature that this is

adequate. Any teacher who has spent an hour with a class

examining closely the meaning of a fairly difficult paragraph will emerge with a clear perception of the many levels of meaning in the term "reading."That which students are unable tosee or grasp even after "studying"a passage certainly raises READING

doubts as to the allinclusive virtue of speed per se.

The supreme example of material which is to be chewed and digested is scripture. We are admonished by Moroni to

study the Book of Mormon "with a sincere heart, with real intent...."(Moroni 10:4.) This, of course, transcends any discussion of reading technique. However, I believe that some

observations on technique can be made, while keeping in mind that they are mundane and limited. I found a striking difference Are we making a fetish of speed?

between reading the Book of Mormon straight through at a Today's fast pace in living is makfairly rapid rate and reading it slowly in connection with a study ing relentless demands for speed in group. The slow, thoughtful reading brings out details and everything. Must ive learn to read

subtle truths which make it (Continued on page 44) faster to keep up with the pace?

JANUARY 1961 39..

How to Overcome Fear by the fears of children, but you are that it is no longer frightening. You

no longer children. know the old adage "familiarity

(Continued from page 35) The person who feels terribly breeds contempt."It is the same

handicapped by his inability to be thing. We use this technique every

at ease around others can use the day without knowing we are doing as you do in theirs. They are as technique which psychologists call so. Haven't you ever approached a

worried about what you think of "detoxification"to overcome their strange dog? You did so slowly and

them as you are about what they fear. Detoxification is the process of cautiously until you were sure he

think of you. You both are plagued getting to know something so well was friendly, then you patted him

on the head, and any fear you might have had of him disappeared. This is

"detoxification."How can it be applied to social situations? Next time

you are in a group where there are new people make it a point to introduce yourself to one of them. You

"Seed and fruit.?} Theneed firstnot step,carry thaton aof conversation.introducing

yourself is all that is really imporRICHARD I. EVANS tant. If you can add a remark, something for example like, "I certainly

Recently we cited a sentence from Emerson which enjoyed the speech you gave at the said, "Cause and effect, means and ends, seed and meeting last night,"do it. The first

THE fruit, cannot be severed;..."* This suggests antime will be difficult, but each time

SPOKEN other sentence concerning cause and consequence thereafter will be easier. If you are WORD which says, "There is a law, irrevocably decreed... afraid to talk before groups, use the

upon which all blessings are predicated—And when we obtain any same technique. Determine to say

blessing from God, it is by obedience to that law upon which it is something even if it is only a single predicated."2 Sometimes slowly, sometimes swiftly, but always sentence. Every public speaker who

surely there is evidence of cause and consequence. The fruit is ever lived suffered from "stage

inseparable from the seed—which is its own assurance that nothing fright"at some time in his career.

it? By knowearned will ever be unfairly forfeited—that there will be justice in How did he eliminate

what he wanted to say and sayin all in or don't do, do, every ing or shouldn't do we all we should at ing every opportunity. it... fruit of another subject has This seed ultimate accounting. and

side: the part thought plays in all utterance, in all action. To think

of something unworthy may not be as wrong as to do something Fear of the New and Different unworthy, but the thought does precede the deed, and more earnestly we should be careful what we contemplate and should safeThis fear is more characteristic of middleaged elderly and people intent, for act long the the deed, guard every shaped is somewhat than it is of the young. grow As we the held in has evidence, before not been what and the outward

heart, in the mind, is less likely to be done as a physical fact. On the older, we dislike more and more

positive side there is this to say: Worthy thinking, clean thinking, things which bring change because

honest thinking is infinitely more likely to lead to clean and honest change means altering our way of action. In one sense, good intentions have been much maligned. living, accepting new responsibility,

There is a place, it is said, that is paved with them. But good or risking something we already

intentions are better than bad ones, even when we fail to follow have. The admonition to "take

them through. Better to have good ones neglected than bad ones things as they are"gives way to the

of energy youth, enthusiasm and but to as to are as young, those those accomplished! who now And

this learning makes appear is this life future, to to certainty far the of time there may look who sensible. and more more many How to study, to willingness learn, willingness willingthat assurance:

times to said yourself, have "I you utterin act, in to in clean to thought, willingness ness keep work,."?.. it like to do would but The to to to principles true willingness prepare ance, and sound be

is usually "but"followed some by to willingness the brings purposes, peace keep commandments, and sort of excuse to try whereby we as to conscience. quietness of the thoughts competence and and And

actthat ourselves convince are we itself to in leads think: wrong. be must "The wrong Whatever we

it. sensibly ing in not doing These

is is in fruit in the the seed"; already the consequence already

excuses are only of our saying way to intent evidence. cause, cannot the inner outward comes We afraid. are we his thinks, in a separate person has he from he from what what

to fear key the of overcoming The is it to blessing heart. obtain any obedience by... we "When

is different the and knowledge. new

......"2 it [principle] is predicated. "seed that which upon The fear that seldom which we We fruit, severed."1 cannot be and thoroughly All understand. of us ad-

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the mire, but few of us envy, the test

Columbia Broadcasting System, October 23, 1960. Copyright 1960. pilot who takes his plane twenty

Emerson, Compensation. miles above the earth and flies it at

2D&C 130:2021. several times the speed of sound.

40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

We say, "I don't know how he can we entered new activities with the age,"one person out of every two do it. I'd be scared to death."Why expectancy of failure; and since we you meet will be less intelligent, less

can he do it? Why isn't he "scared expected to fail, we did fail; and talented, and less capable in anyto death"? The answer is knowledge. each failure served to convince us thing you can name, than you are.

He knows his own abilities and the even more that we were less capable This is a proven fact, known to every intricate workings of his plane. He than others. psychologist. Perhaps though, you

has prepared himself for every probIf feelings of personal inferiority are convinced that you are below lem he might have to face. He knows bother you, keep one fact firmly in average, and this conviction has prewhat he needs to do and how to do mind: even if you are only "avervented you from getting the things

it. He may be excited, but he is not

afraid.

The man who would like to take a new job, perhaps in another city, or who would like to obtain additional education in order to prepare himself occupation, but for a new a What we choose to think.. becausedoes neither he "has

family to consider,"or "obligations,"is simply afraid to try. Let us take RICHARD L. EVANS

for example the man who wants to intraining or order education fruit,"of talked "the the seed week and we::::: Last

has, the job deadend heout of of in cause now consequence action and thought and feels to stay wherebut he has utterance, the of who and avoiding and of importance get JsU3 THE yj SPOKEN has a wife he is because is andhe intent. scripture This all untoward perhaps most 'WORD little inIS to support.family a With frequently cited as subject: "For on this he thinketh

vestigation and inquiry he would in his heart so is he."1 Now since thoughts are the forerunners of

find that schools and colleges have action, there sometimes comes the question: Where do thoughts

loan funds for students, scholarships, come from? How can they be controlled? It may sometimes be

placement bureaus for finding stuassumed that we are not responsible for the thoughts we think, since dents parttime jobs; that trade we cannot say for certain what might be their source. It is true

schools have onthe-job training opthat we little understand the mystery of memory, that we little portunities; and that many employunderstand the storing process of the mind, or how to erase impresers will pay a promising employee a sions made upon the mind. And in idleness, and even in activity,

living wage while he learns his new random thoughts may come to immediate remembrance—in a manjob. ner for which we cannot account. But it is also true in a positive

If you are faced with a chance at sense that we can control our thoughts, we can control what we something new or different which give our attention to. It requires the will, the wanting to, for the

sounds desirable, but are afraid to mind can surely wander far afield. But we can, if we will, make our

take this opportunity, try this techminds consider a single subject; and we can, if we will, make

nique: line a sheet of paper into two our minds turn to another subject—not in vacancy, not in a void or

columns. Head one column "for"and vacuum, but by crowding out unwanted thoughts, by filling the

the other "against."Then, inquire, channel with thoughts we want to think. There is an old and trite

investigate, learn. Write down each saying, almost too trite to be quoted, but in principle profoundly

"for"and each "against"as you learn true—that an idle mind is the devil's workshop. And even a busy

of them. Then weigh one column mind can be the devil's workshop if it chooses or consents to conagainst the other. The result may be centrate on evil. It has been observed that the measure of a man

a new life and profit for you. is what he thinks when he doesn't have to think, what he thinks

when he is alone, what he thinks in his idle hours. No one would

Fear of Ourselves be so extreme as to say that it is possible never to have a stray or uninvited thought. But certainly we must say that we can choose

This is the most handicapping of to think certain things, we can choose to think of certain subjects.

all fears. Its symptoms are feelings Thinking can, in large measure, be controlled, and the more we

of inferiority; feelings that one is not think of clean, constructive, useful, moral thoughts, the more the

smart enough, or talented enough, mind makes channels that lead to highminded habits. Our thoughts

or attractive enough. These feelings are the evidence of our plans and purposes, the blueprints of what

are again products of our learning we propose, and it isn't safe to hold wrong thinking in the heart, during childhood when we were it isn't safe to entertain evil. The Lord God gave men the right to

uneducated, and our talents were unchoose, the obligation to choose, the ability to choose, and it is the developed. We saw around us older obligation of us all to choose such thoughts as would be safe and

people who were surprisingly capwise to follow through. There is no real way of separating ourable (surprising to our child's unselves from responsibility from our own thoughts and acts and

derstanding) of getting what they utterances.

wanted and doing what they wanted.

If we competed with them we failed, "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the and the groundwork of personal inColumbia Broadcasting System, October 30, 1960. Copyright 1960.

feriority was laid. As time went on, aProverbs 23:7.

JANUARY 1961 41 you want. Psychologists can deterTall Son himself. And now Eric knew that

mine for sure whether your convicsurely he would not be alive to stand tion is real or imaginary. Contact (Continued from page 19) tall beside his son.

your nearest college or university thought, his secret fears were over- A faint call slivered through a lull psychology department for the names come, their meaning revealed under in the wind. Eric glanced in its direcof those qualified to help you, or the focus of the final searchlight of tion toward the apple trees. Beyond

contact your school counselor. surely coming death. the bank Bruce's head and shoulders

Now, trapped in the mud, he unwere barely visible. A rope looped

A Final Word derstood that this need to have Bruce up and up into the air.

grow tall had been a foolish mask "Go back, Son. Go back!"Eric

There is no shame in being afraid, for his fear that he could leave Bruce yelled desperately. "You'll fall in,

the only shame lies in giving in to no legacy of loving guidance if he too!"

fear. We are what life has taught us were left totally alone. But instinctively, Eric lifted his

to be, but experience can be a very When one is left quite alone, useless hands up through the loop as poor teacher as well as a very good when there is no one tall to stand it descended and tightened under one. As children we learned to fear, beside, there can be little laughter. his shoulders.

as adults we can learn not to fear. And one must stand very tall all by Eric panicked. If Bruce tried to

pull him up, and Eric moved again to free himself, the earth would move again and yank Bruce into startFrantically Eric danger. equal Control... of thought, of to save of the loop out ed to squirm

... as he moved, the mud moved, and action, of utterance Bruce from being pulled down. But

the sucking earth and the taut rope

RICHARD L. EVANS seemed to be tearing him in two.

Then the earth seemed to fall away,

We should like further to pursue the question of and he stumbled to his feet.

where thoughts come from and how we can control His boots and most of his clothes

THE them—for controlling thoughts is essential to conhad been torn off. The wind lashed

SPOKEN trolling all we are ever likely to become, everything cold rain against his muddied skin, WORD we are about to be. And he who persists in saying but there was strange comfort from

that he cannot help what he thinks, is in effect saying that he cannot the rope, still drawn tight, tugging, help what he does. And if he cannot help what he thinks or what urging him upward. Instinctively,

he does, he obviously could not be trusted under any conceivable he had locked the rope against his circumstances. But fortunately we can control thoughts, because chest with his arms tight against his

we can choose to think other thoughts, and the obligation for body. The still firm urging of the

choosing clearly is ours, but it does require will; it does require rope assured him that help had

wanting to; it requires concentration. And this brings us to ancome to Bruce.

other side of the subject—the use of the mind for positive purposes. Eric stumbled forward. Every

Perhaps we have all been aware of being physically present and time his feet slipped crazily on the mentally absent. No doubt, we have all sat in classrooms or assemclay and threatened to sink back into

blies or been at social functions—apparently present. We were the ooze the rope would hold firm

seen; we occupied space; we got credit on a roll book; we sat and until he found his footing. Every

looked and seemed to listen—but with the mind far afield. It is step he progressed toward the bank

little that we learn unless we bring our awareness with us, unless the slack in the rope was taken up we earnestly give attention, unless we discipline ourselves to think, by the strong trunks of the trees.

to remember, to follow through. But we can, if we will, concenFinally he scrambled over the torn

trate; we can, if we will, make our minds consider a single subject; bank. Panting, halfsobbing, he

and we can, if we want to. make our minds turn to another subject. stared incredulously. Bruce was

In school, for example, we can think of chemistry at one period and alone, braced in the branches of the of calculus at another. We can turn our attention to a particular nearest apple tree. From his hands

train of thought at a particular time. And the answer to acquiring the rope followed a crooked path

knowledge, to developing talent, to improving skills, is to choose to Eric's chest.

to think what we should think, to choose to pursue constructive From his perch Bruce had obvipurposes, and not to be physically present and mentally absent. ously watched Eric's struggles be-

"What we shall be, we are becoming,"says an old proverb. We low, and wound the excess rope

ought to be what we ought to be, and where we ought to be, and be around his legs as slack from Eric's doing what we ought to be doing, and becoming what we ought upward progress had developed. To

to become—and the right to choose and to be responsible for our lock it against unwinding when Eric

choice, is a responsibility that the Lord God has given. We need had fallen back, Bruce must have

always to understand that we have to control ourselves, our thoughts, cinched his weight between the our actions, our utterances, and our every intent. What much more branches. The effort must have hurt.

is a man except what he is inside himself. Bruce dropped to the ground, they

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the ran toward each other and threw

Columbia Broadcasting System, November 6, 1960. Copyright 1960. their arms around each other for

42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

wordless moments. And looking

down upon his son, Eric saw about him an apparition of that other pairof shoulders, so familiar and dependse weight!

able—so slight, but tenacious and

selfreliant. His mother had left her

legacy—in Bruce.

On Brace's cheeks bright tears shone, and his voice sounded choked. "Mom said I had to take care of with SURE MEAL

you, Dad, even if I am not very big.

I almost failed."

The lump in Eric's throat burst and shut off all words—as usual—for

-/'Control his voice forceda he moment. Then >'Your Weight his in to sayto behave, was what

When you haveheart. Reduce

reached your dewith left hands, in good "She me weight, continue Son. SURE better."MEAL y'to sireduse done have could one one SureNo Meal

once each day this will at tears freed were—/ his own And

It's safe sure! and help you to maintain a goodlast. calorie your nutritional balance and also help faces, other's into each intake while Looking maintainyou to keep the intake of It—cuts calories I /

ing vigor your health and under shakily, control. to then laugh, Ifthey began you gain with I I through nutrition. proper one Sure Meal, you can cut theboisterously. I I calories in is Sure scientifically your a Meal ordinary meals or the I Eric suddenly odd had I And use two or three else! planned Sure Meals a day food—nothing tall I surefeeling that stood and I he for short to periods bring about slowly or can rapidly reduce You

1 tall the control I his beside the Ibefore world own when you it with use Sure can—Meal You—use Sure there's Meal v I countno / lost 3 times untilson. a you—want have day you all or a substantial part of the \ ing calories—it's all done for youly

weight you want to lose.

Your Question For best long range results use

Sure Meal twice a day with skim (Continued from page 16) milk or powdered milk and have one other low calorie meal each in ancient times and called upon. day, until you have taken off the

them to come and bestow upon \ weight you wish to lose.

Peter, James, and John their keys, notwithstanding the fact that he held all the authority whence came the authority given to Moses and

Elijah. It also Elias and Moses was Save Money Feel \ in of lived the days Abraham ( who

Better less costs Sure Meal ordithan the to Elijah the Prophetand came who it nary replaces, meal at the and weight I no had Oliver Smith andJoseph Cowdery time, same you can sure the be I enbut problem,in the Kirtland again and Temple will meal be nutritiously sound. just Sure Meal joy

serving of their to One Sure oz.)revealed exercised keys Meal be (% use it's I good. because

1 with when mixed cup of milkin regularly the of of Dispensation the Fulness it breakfast for will furnish the normal individual along drink as a sometimes andTimes. with essential the food elements to It helps meals. other with my It the held was keys Moses for who one complete meal consisting essential the with supply body my of meat, vegetables,of the of bread Israel I butgathering Elijah and and minvitamins and elements, food I ter, beverage. a and I I the pep. of for held the of turning keys more I that eralswho needed

heartsthe the of fathers to their—you "I feel better with Sure Meal."I I canIf youaffordcan SUREafford MEAL!to eat chilchildren the hearts of the and

\ N,,"dren to their fathers, lest the Lord come and find the way unprepared.

Not only did these prophets come If you just want to try SURE MEAL, send for the 20meal size. But if you

with their keys, but all of the prohave a lot of weight to lose, order the economical 40meal size at only $9.00,

phets who held keys from Adam to or the case of 6-40 -meal containers for only $45.00. That's 240 meals at less

Peter, James, and John, and John the than 19c each. Send for yours today.

Baptist also came with their keys and restored them that the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times might Don Lyman & Associates I may be interested in selling SURE MEAL fj be complete preparatory to the com1087Salt LakeE. 9thCity,SouthUtah Free Delivery Phone EM 3-9674

ing of the Son of God as King of Please send Vanilla Defatted Chocolate to his of lords, takekings and Lord

SURE MEAL Bland Butterscotch fj Maple the reign to ruleplace upon and earth according to the promise. ( See 20 Meal Size $ 4.75 Name

ID&C 128:1821.) 40 Meal Size 9.00 Address

I

I 6-40 Meal Size (Case).... 45.00 Q City and State I

JANUARY 1961 43 Some Thoughts on tends to flatten out the book, giving teenth centuries, where I found

Reading Speed it a uniform and almost monotonous numerous and striking instances of texture. the priesthood being used for nepoYears ago, I read that passage in tism, for political power, and for

{Concluded from page 39) section 121 of the Doctrine and the cruelty and inhumanity of the

Covenants which speaks of the Inquisition. Then, going back to secincreasingly clear that the book priesthood as functioning "only by tion 121, 1 felt that I was understandcould not possibly be the product of persuasion, by longsuffering, by gening the passage for the first time. It

any single mind, let alone a youthtleness and meekness, and by love became strikingly clear that to claim ful mind: it stands forth as revealed unfeigned...."(D&C 121:41.) In that the priesthood can function in

scripture. This perception did not later years I had occasion to study opposition to the laws upon which

emerge from a rapid reading, which histories of the fifteenth and sixit is predicated is contrary to reason.

I expect that in later years I may be able to read it with even greater insight. At what point can I be said

to have read the scripture? The

ambiguity of the term "reading"is get INSURED nowhere more striking. It seems

clear, though, that quality is the great criterion in reading for underof the standing, wisdom, and progress. An agency

Government Highest #1 SO Federal % Dividend f*** | nsure d Safety = | your savings received by the 10th earn from the first

PARENTS'NIGHT

BY LULA WALKER

SA1TINGS From school he came, all starryeyed, and "I'm in a play,"he beamed with pride, ociattioim formerly Zicns Benefit Building Society His grimy fingers clutching tight 33 EAST 1st SOUTHSALT LAKE CITY

The precious "part"for Parents'4901 SOUTH STATEMURRAY

Utah s Oldest: Savings and Loan Association Night.

The curtain's up, and now they're Right at the Center of the Center of Scenic America ready.

Please God, help him, and keep me steady!

My forehead fills with beads of sweat

So scared I am he may forget.

The others'speeches I don't hear,

But his comes perfect—belllike clear.

'''.iUSfW

; I breathe again! It's over, done.

I focus smiles on everyone Adjacent to worldfamous Temple Square And float on Pink Cloud number

Your choice of downtown locations: nine,

air with with conditioned conditioned Hotel rooms Utah rooms 1 50 air 500 HOTEL r television, pool, conice odio, circulating swimming TV and To think a prodigy is mine! UTAH MOTOR

facilities water, adjoining to 1 vention lobby, garage for up 500 I OnPF Empire persons. Coffee Shop. Room,

Max Dean, Manager

44 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Look at the latest in tractors

Over the horizon they come—five new AllisChalmers of fuel. How would you like to save up to 25 percent

tractors. Lines clean and low... with fresh twocolor a year on fuel cost? Many farmers do with D-Series

styling... they do more than stop the eye. They start tractors.

a whole new trend in dollarmaking performance. Find out how much more your tractor investment

From the costsqueezing 2-plow D-10 and D-12, to can do this year in a fully equipped tractor—autothe dynamic new 4-row D-15, 4-plow D-17, and a new matic traction, power steering, wheel spacing, live

compact crawler, they make your work powereasy PTO, implement hydraulics—everything! Over 50

at lower cost. different models! Ask your AllisChalmers dealer to

Powerboost your income with "Big Stick"and demonstrate these efficient new dollarmakers—ready

Traction Booster system. Get more performance out to roll for you.

Brand New D-15 Newest yet! The gasoline or diesel D-15

takes 4 rows—over 13 feet—at savings that

can make every fourth row a bonus. Traction Booster system with Power Director

matches traction and power to load... without fuelwasting dead weight or needless soil

compaction. Up to 25 percent more work

per gallon of fuel.

Traction Booster is an AllisChalmers trademark. New Compact Crawler

ALL NEW—comes the compact H-3 gasoline (or

HD-3 diesel) with the typical ruggedness of AllisChalmers crawler tractor design... plus new compactness for close quarters like orchards or vineyards... toughness for heaviest farm work...

traction for soft footing.

You'll like its new forwardreverse shuttle clutch for shovel or blade work, and great new 3-plow lugging power. Ask your AllisChalmers dealer all

about it.

ALLISCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION, MILWAUKEE 1, WIS.

Get the dollarmaking difference with ALLISCHALMERS

JANUARY 1961 45 ) a

The Legacy of Freedom Empire, that great imperial scheme structure of the nineteenth century of the nineteenth century, has denation-state system.

( Continued from page 12 centralized. The tumult and the At worst, it could be a holding

shouting dies; the captains and the operation for the past, while Russia

own times? Beyond the times of our kings depart. The Commonwealth "Castroizes"the various members,

grandchildren? What shall be the of Nations survives, it is true—one at a time—unless we look forenvironmental structure of freedom, splendid political achievement. Howward and launch a system of our

its shield? What is our formula for ever, without American power to own design, through the UN, or

world society? cooperate with the British Commonindependently.

If we accept the lessons of history, wealth, where might its various units The British did not consciously no great state, no state system, is be? The United Nations seems to create the United States of America

immortal. Rome is gone. The British be an instrument to sustain the as their twentieth century support.

Yet the genius of British institutionbuilding was such that the AngloAmerican alliance—the Atlantic alliance—exists in strength. As Asia

in "What we are to be, we are andthe Africaworld, emergewhere mightyshall theforcesfuture strength of found? elements be a of colonies the future are Where becoming... their to strength to bring freedom

motherland? How shall the motherRICHARD L. EVANS land retain vitality, youth, vigor,

fecundity?

We would turn again to a sentence previously Two routes seem open to this ob-

: says: to are server cited, which "What we are be, we

to 1. Conscious 1 This coincide seems THE becoming."with somewhat utilization of the

SPOKEN another quoted sentence which says: "I believe... scheme built into the Constitution of WORD we will be judged as we are, for what we are, and the United States. By that I mean

maybe not for what we have been!"2 When we have done wrong the possible expansion, growth, and

things, when we have thought wrong thoughts, when we have made extension of the Union; of the prinmistakes, we can well be exceedingly grateful for the great and ciple of federal union. We began

blessed principle of repentance—because there isn't very much that with thirteen states. By 1912 we had

anyone can do about the past, except to learn from it. But there fortyeight when New Mexico and

is much we can do about the present and the future. John Locke Arizona were admitted to the Union.

said, "... men from their youth... let a good part of their lives Today we have fifty. Who shall say

run uselessly away,.. "3 One of the most useless kinds of wasting that fifty is the magic number ending

life away comes with supposing that because we have wasted it or it all? Is there any reason why fifty

have misused it, or have done something that was unworthy, it is should crown the climax any more useless to turn toward a right way. Sometimes we may suppose than thirty, forty, fortyfive, or fortythat the pattern is so set that it is useless to try to change. But who eight? Would it not be wise to begin

is qualified to say when it is useless to change, when it is useless to to consider and contemplate the posrepent, when it is useless to improve, when it is useless to turn from sibility of the fiftyfirst state? The

a wrong way? No man is justified in assuming that there is no fiftysecond? The fiftythird? It will

further point in repentance; no man is justified in assuming that be more difficult as time goes on.

there is no possibility of improving. Any improvement in any Different peoples, cultures, may be

degree, in any circumstance or situation, any turning to the better involved. But this is the great promis all to the good, and there is no point in postponement. Indeed, ise of the admission of Hawaii! The

there is a great fallacy in those who suppose that because they have thing, in part at least, has been done.

done some wrong they must resign themselves to wrong. There is Query: Could the seeds of stateno justification ever at any time for anyone to resign himself to hood be planted in Cuba, to germiwrong. No matter how far a person has persisted on a contrary nate and grow acceptably, say, fifty

course, there is no reason why he should continue on such a course years from now? To extend such a

one step more or one moment more. The turning back is hard: possibility may be difficult—now that

the remorse that must be felt; the pride that must be set aside, the communist seeds seem to be growadmitting of mistakes. But there is always good reason for turning ing there. But weeds can be pulled

from a wrong way. While penalties are always paid for wrong, to spare a more valued crop, where

repentance is the only hope we have—and to cite again this quoted the occupants of the land so believe.

sentence: "I believe... we will be judged as we are, for what we Some have dreamed of union beare, and maybe not for what we have been!"2—and the quicker we tween Canada and the United States.

begin to be what we ought to be, the better off we are. The cordial relationship now in effect

is virtually tantamount to economic "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the and social union, with all such adColumbia Broadcasting System, November 13, 1960. Copyright 1960. vantages. A status of effective politproverb. Chinese ical cooperation has been achieved

Cowley, Matthew Cowley Speaks. -Matthew

3John Locke, Some Thoughts Concerning Education. through military cooperation, with46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

out the disadvantages of a common never dreamed that he would be by the General Authorities, Presicentral government. To view the called to serve as Assistant to the dent McKay, and those associated

absorption of Canada as the fiftyCouncil of the Twelve, his service to with him, in calling one so unprefirst, fiftysecond, fiftythird, fiftythe Church has been "... the balpared to hold such a high office in

fourth, fiftyfifth, fiftysixth, fiftyance wheel and governor"in his this Church of Jesus Christ of Latseventh, and other states of the life. Indicative of his humility and terday Saints. No one with less

American union is as difficult for attitude toward Church service are ability could be called to this posiCanadians to conceive as it is for those comments made in his first tion.... I wish to say that I love

Americans to contemplate the mergaddress in his newly appointed posithe Lord with all my heart, and I ing of the fifty states of the tion. Humbly, to thousands of aspledge at this time that I will serve

American union with Canada, sembled conference visitors, he said: him and you [President McKay]

the several states becoming prov- "I wish to express my sincere apwith all my might, mind, and inces in the Canadian federal preciation of the confidence shown strength...."

scheme. Such circumstances need

not prove to be obstacles over the twoor-threecenturies-long view being urged. However, devices will

probably have to be found outside ask 'QmthQyil tell you...

both the Canadian and the American constitutions, as they are known at present, to achieve such a continental union. the Central If Mexico, Cuba, is in republics those andAmerican bread are to theSouth America added

scene—as some have dreamed—the

extension of the federal American qood to eat/ difficultunion to conbecomes more template. Yet, it would be folly to

abandon such a dream. Joseph

Smith, in the election of 1844, advoYes, it's the kids who know about Royal Bread cated such a view. This is only an being so good to eat That's 'cause kids eat

example. 2. Achievement of outright colonimore Royal Bread than anybody! Try it!

al beach heads for a new generation Your taste will tell --it's good to eat!

of institution builders. Friendships,

the cultivation of new allies, independent, in the new lands of Asia M/m/a/r/ of Otct//mce and Africa, may not be enough in the long run. Such a task of institu- //i!lu rtv/?e /S92

tionbuilding seems more formidable than the extension of the American union. Yet, it may deserve our attention in these times if we value

the legacy of freedom. Serve the CHILI

with real Nalleys Elder Nathan Eldon Tanner CNIUcon CAR"* "HOME"( Continued from page 21 *1TH BEANS button to show his support of this flavor...

great organization. He is a member

of the board of governors of the

University of Alberta and was awarded the degree of honorary

Doctor of Laws at Brigham Young

University in 1956.

The success of Elder Tanner's life in the Church and in his own private IS!alley's Chili Con Came, the allfamily favorite.

undertakings is based upon absolute integrity, honesty, and fearlessTop-grade, lean beef, plump and saucy beans.

ness. of success His own philosophy

is that "Anything doing And only Nalley's give you a chili choice, "Hot"that is worth is worth doing well."While he or "Mild."

If it's NALLEY'S..its Good/

JANUARY 1961 47 inTAKE 5-WEEKDAYSfor the best CHILDREN'S PROGRAMS

This daily CBS presentation with Captain 7"45 tO CAPTAIN KANGAROO - Kangaroo and Mr. Greenjeans is packed with wholesome entertainment that

has made it an awardwinning delight for kids... and their harried moms. OiOU 3811

1 1 QO tO atROMPER11 and Miss ROOMBarbara, favoriteSCHOOLof thousandsThe classof areacomesviewers,to orderdirectseach daythe activity as studio classmates and those at home participate in educational and interesting projects. Presented by Cream O'WeberCottonwood, Clover Club 11:30 am Potato Chips, Peter Pan Bread.

For the best in children's programs

For the best of EVERYTHING Take 5- CBS for the Mountain West KSLTV 5 48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Go Ye Therefore and Teach Conversely, Abinadi exclaimed to "But behold, the Jews were a the false priests: stiffnecked people; and they de-

( Continued from page 37 "Ye have not applied your hearts spised the words of plainness, and to understanding; therefore, ye have killed the prophets, and sought for

block to those who did not belong not been wise. Therefore, what things they could not understand.

to the church; and thus the church teach ye this people?"(Mosiah 12: Wherefore, because of their blindbegan to fail in its progress."(Alma 27.) ness, which blindness came by lookthe they mark, ing must beyond4:10.) conscientious teacher wanting A

fall; for hath taken needs away God furAlma the younger's words to his to himself prepare well should

son impresses this point further: ther read and apply the fourth sechis plainness from them, and deliv-

"... for when they saw your conduct tion of the Doctrine and Covenants. ered unto them many things which

understand, because cannot they notthey would believe in my 4. in the Teachers must Church it."they desired (Jacob 4:14.) (Ibid.,words."39:11.) principles the teach sound of

The challenge to teachers to live gospel and not dwell on the It is dangerous to look "beyond spotless lives must be accepted if mysteries. the mark"!

areothers to be encouraged to A proper attitude concerning this 5. teachTeachersin suchin thea wayChurchthatmusttherighteous endeavor. The Lord

works only through men who, though learner will understand.

human, are earnestly striving for Instruction needs to be on the this perfection. Scratch the green rind of a sapling, level of the student, and in his lanIn other words, in order to meet or wantonly twist it in the soil, and guage. There must be communicathe first mentioned requirement of a scarred or crooked oak will tell tion—a "getting through to him."

teaching under spiritual influence, of the act for centuries to come. So Along with this there is required a

this challenge must be successfully it is with the teachings of youth, proper relationship between student overcome. which make impressions on the and teacher. Consider the following

3. Teachers in the Church must mind and heart that are to last excerpts from the scriptures:

make proper preparations. forever. "For my soul delighteth in plainHe who desires to teach must Author unknown. ness; for after this manner doth the

study his subject, ponder it well in Lord God work among the children order to gain understanding, pray, of men. For the Lord God giveth

and even fast, if necessary. The light unto the understanding; for he

was expressed by Alma to according speaketh given to Smith is requirementcounsel unto men Hyrum in these words: to his son Helaman their their underlanguage, unto tosurely applicable all Latterday

Saint teachers: "Now these mysteries are not yet standing."(2 Nephi 31:3.)

*... for behold, my soul delight- "Seek not to declare my word, but fullyfore I madeshall knownforbear."unto(Almame; 37:11.)therefirst plainness to obtain eth in seek unto word, and my people, my if averted would be Many problems

(Ibid., thatthen shall your tongue they be loosed. 25:4.) may learn."this position... teachers would assume

"... study my word which hath expressed by Alma. "Behold, I am God and have

gone forth among the children of In a similar way, Alma handled spoken it; these commandments are

men, and also study my word which unknown details as he was explainof me, and were given unto my servshall come forth among the children ing the principle of resurrection to ants in their weakness, after the of men."(D&C 11:2122.) Corianton. There were parts of the manner of their language, that they

If only teachers would be as dilidoctrine that Alma did not undermight come to understanding."

gent in preparing themselves to stand—things that apparently had (D&C 1:24.)

teach as Alma and his brethren not been made known to him. Note... And when the priest had

were! Read well this stirring his attitude in these words: imparted unto them the word of

account: "Now whether there is more than God and they all returned again

'... Alma did rejoice exceedingone time appointed for men to rise diligently unto their labors, and the

ly to see his brethren; and what it mattereth not; for all do not die priest, not esteeming himself above

added more to his joy, they were at once, and this mattereth not."his hearers, for the preacher was no

still brethren in the Lord; yea, and (Ibid., 40:8.) better than the hearer, neither was

they had waxed strong in the knowlAn understanding of those relithe teacher any better than the learner; thus and they were all of the truth; for they wereedge men gious a lack of divine problems where

equal...."1:26.) (Alma understanding and theyof a sound prevails not.""mattereth knowledge

had searched the scriptures diligentUnanswerable questions are not to It has been shown what the scriply, that they might know the word be "batted around"in Latterday tures aver concerning those who of God. Saint classrooms. The Jews, as conteach the gospel. The writer ac-

"But this is not all; they had given templated by Jacob in the Book of knowledges that the means for

themselves to much prayer, and fastMormon, were a blind and "stiffaccomplishing these fundamentals ing; therefore they had the spirit of necked people"because "they has been left to the reader. Howprophecy, and the spirit of revelasought for things they could not ever, no further information is really

tion, and when they taught, they understand."The following from needed. All that is required is that

taught with power and authoritv of his remarks are of particular interest the teacher be guided by five divineGod."(Alma 17:2-3.) here: ly explained principles of teaching.

JANUARY 1961 49 [P Jp X p CP 71 > Ul Oo o< CO CP 73

A

MELCHIZEDEK

PRIESTHOOD

V VLest We Forget

This is a short, fourscene drama on the

Servicemen's Program. It was written by

Richard G. Hiatt of the Union Stake and

should be presented in a stake priesthood leadership meeting in each stake.

The stake MIA drama director could be asked to help make it a real, living production.

Allow ample time for casting and rehearsals.

Cast: Bishop Wilson; Brother Andrews: The

first counselor; Brother Martin: The second

counselor; Larry Smith: An LDS serviceman;

Sgt. Bronski: A soldier; Cpl. Fulton: A soldier;

Pvt. Hanford: A soldier; The voice of Elder

White: A Sunday School teacher.

Staging: It is suggested there be two sets:

one on each side of the stage. On one set, a

desk and three chairs will suffice which will represent the bishop's office. On the other set,

a bunk bed could be used, or two or three chairs placed at random which will represent a barracks area. Spotlights should be used rather

than stage lights thus enabling the scenes to be changed effectively.

Setting: Larry Smith takes his place alone

on the soldier set as Brothers Andrews and

Martin and Bishop Wilson take their places on the bishop's office set. Spotlights should be on

Larry who is sitting on his bunk, holding open, but not reading, a paperback book. He is dejected, alone, discouraged. A voice is heard

over the PA system.

Voice: (Could be that of Elder White) "Lest

we forget...."Larry Smith, a young citizen,

soldier, doing his six month's tour of duty hun- m. dreds of miles from home. And while he sits

alone on his bunk, back in his home ward his bishopother day. She'd received a letter that morning.

ric are holding their weekly meeting.... (Spotlights Wilson: How's he getting along?

flash to the bishop's office set.) Andrews: Well, she said he was pretty homesick. I

guess he's the only LDS boy in his outfit, from what

Scene I she says.

Martin: Oh, he'll get over that homesickness. And

Time: At 8 pm on a Wednesday evening in July. one thing about it, he's only in for six months. A fellow

Setting: The bishop's office. Brothers Wilson, Ancan't fall very far away from the Church in just six

drews, and Martin are seated around the desk. It is months.

near the close of the weekly bishopric meeting. Wilson: I'll have his mother tell him hello for us

Wilson: Very well then, Brother Andrews, you'll next time she writes him. Well, I guess there's no other

take charge of this week's Sacrament meeting? matter of any importance that can be taken care of

Andrews: Yes, I've asked Brother and Sister Stewart this week, so Brother Martin will you offer prayer?

to speak. They've just returned from the BYU. He's (Brother Martin stands in an attitude of prayer. Spotbeen going to school there this year. lights flash to the soldier set. )

Wilson: Do you have any musical numbers?

Andrews: Not yet, but I'll get one. Scene II

Martin: Why not ask Sister Stewart's mother to

play an organ solo? That'd keep it in the family. Time: At 7 pm on a Saturday night.

Andrews: That's a good idea. We haven't heard Setting: An Army barracks. Larry Smith is sitting,

her play something special for a long time. staring dejectedly off into space, the paperback book

Wilson: That sounds fine. Now, we've got the farm in his hand. Soldiers Bronski, Fulton, and Hanford

detail taken care of... Oh, Brother Martin, did you enter, loudly exuberant.

ask Sister Evans for a suggestion on filling the vacancy Bronski: You can thank me for that, buddy boy.

on her Primary board? I put in a good word with the CO or you'd never-a

Martin: Yes, Bishop. She thought perhaps young made it.

Elizabeth Foster might be able to do it for the rest Hanford: Boy, the drinks are on you tonight,

of the summer, until she goes away to school, at least. Corporal Fulton!

Wilson: She could. She's very good with children. Fulton: You betcha, man. I'm settin''em up all

I'll talk to her this week. If she'll accept the position, night!

that'll take care of all our auxiliary positions. Bronski: Hey, Smitty, goin'with us?

Andrews: At least for a week or so. Smith: Where you going?

Martin: Yes. Oh, say, speaking of Elizabeth Foster, Bronski: Into town, man. Fulton just made corporal,

I don't see her sitting on the back bench with the and he's settin''em up. Better come along.

Smith boy any more at Sacrament meetings. Smith: Well, I don't know...

Andrews: Oh, didn't you know? Larry's in the army Hanford: Oh, for cryin'out loud, Smitty, come on.

now. He left last month—no, I guess it was—golly, it You ain't been offa this base for three weeks. We've

was May, right after school was out. He's in for six seen all the movies on the base, and I'm tired-a shootin'

months. pool.

Martin: You know, in some cases, that six months'Bronski: None of that tonight, man. I got me here

program is a good idea. Gives a fellow a chance to get the most complete selection of phone numbers known

the army over with and not interfere with his educato the United States Army.

tion too much. Fulton: Any redheads?

Wilson: Has anybody heard from Larry since he Bronski: Redheads... blondes... brunettes, real

left? and dyed. Name your choice, and take your pick.

Andrews: Oh, I think the Foster girl hears pretty Here's a good one for you, Smitty, a real livin'doll.

often. And I saw his mother in the drugstore the Name's Agnes. (Continued on page 60)

JANUARY 1961 51 overcome their social fears and learn to enjoy one another's association. This should be the conscious

objective of the school director. It is accomplished

through introductions, assignments, socials, etc.

A person, regardless of his knowledge, cannot be active in the Church until he is given an opportunity for service. The school program must provide for

carefully planned assignments well within the ability of the individual to accomplish and enjoy. Never

should assignments be allowed to produce failure experiences. For this purpose, the school program

should provide for each person enrolled... at least

one personal interview with his or her bishop.

If these three integral elements are made part of every school, surprising results are bound to follow.

PROPER ATTITUDE GIVES JOY TO

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD ASSIGNMENTS

Every young man who holds the Aaronic Priesthood

THREEFOLD SCHOOL PROGRAM FOR should be made to realize the joy that is possible

SENIOR MEMBERS AND WIVES through service to God and his fellow man. Whether

the service rendered be self initiated or a priesthood

Schools for senior members of the Aaronic Priestor Church assignment, it should be a happy experihood have a threefold purpose. They are instituted ence in the journey of life. Each Church assignment

to teach the fundamental principles of the gospel, to filled should add immeasurably to one's love for the provide men strength to overcome their fears and Church. Each personal service rendered should add

inhibitions, and to give them incentive and opportuto the appreciation for the person or cause served.

nity for Church service. All three of these objectives When one feels the joy of accomplishment in Church

should enter into the planning and conduct of every activity, his devotion to the Church and God is greatly such school.

enhanced.

The course of instruction should be carefully Too frequently, however, assignments to young planned. Philosophical and controversial lessons have Aaronic Priesthood bearers are, if accepted, filled

no place in schools for senior members. These men grudgingly. In such cases, little or no satisfaction is

and their wives are hungry for the revealed word of experienced for the effort expanded. This result is

the Lord. They want to know why a restoration of no better than mediocre effort which is the forerunner

the gospel was needed. They are interested in Joseph of failure, misery, and bitterness.

Smith and how, through him, the Lord restored the Service for service sake should be the feeling of all priesthood and the Church in this dispensation. They who serve. The individual award is the byproduct

are anxious to know about prayer and testimony and of service rendered. It is a wonderful visual reprewhat the purposes of life are. It is important that sentation of personal accomplishment. It should not,

wellinformed and competent instructors be selected however, be the main objective for Church particito present the lesson material. pation.

In wellintegrated and attended school classes, the When assignments are made to Aaronic Priesthood will power of each enrolled individual to achieve is bearers, it is the responsibility of those making them greatly enhanced. School association makes it easier to give prayerful and careful consideration to the

to overcome undesirable habits and reach worthy ability of the young men to fill the assignments and goals. The strength of the group bolsters the strength of to condition them to the proper attitude toward the

each individual in the group. Each member receives service to be rendered. Assignments can be wondersupport and incentive from the others. The strength fully helpful in keeping young men active in the

of the individual becomes the strength of the group. Church, or they may be tragic experiences that lead

To accomplish this advantage requires fellowship to inactivity and even to apostasy. It will depend upon

on the part of all enrolled group members. They must the atmosphere created for the service to be rendered.

52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PERSUASION MORE POWERFUL THAN siasm properly tempered is far more effective for good

FORCE IN DEALING WITH SENIOR MEMBERS than attempted compulsion in any of its many forms.

Leaders of senior members of the Aaronic PriestForce, even for a righteous cause, can have no hood should develop the art of gentle persuasion in lasting benefits if it is to rob man of his free dealing with their group members. It is the art agency. Certainly the end cannot justify the means

that creates voluntary action induced by desire in if the means calls for the use of purely devilish depreference to action induced by outside pressure or vices.

force. It is the ability to plant seeds of selfpressure The Lord emphasizes that "No power or influence

in the minds of others and nourish them until they can or ought to be maintained by virtue of the priestbecome, soon or late, strong desires and overwhelmhood, only by persuasion, by longsuffering, by ing drives. gentleness and meekness, and by love unfeigned;"

The group adviser who thoroughly believes that (D&C 121:41.)

his message is more important to the senior member Pressure tactics are poor substitutes for the developand his family than anything else can speak with ment of natural desires. Group advisers would do well

humility and confidence. He need not be timid nor to realize that "a man will force himself to go ever

belligerent to be positive and aggressive. He need so much farther than he will allow anyone else to

not prevaricate or threaten to be effective. Enthuforce him to go."

WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT

YOUR

*Sg| MISSIONARY RESPONSIBILITY

"... And he said unto them, Go ye unto all the the Savior has again sent missionaries forth in unworld, and preach the gospel to every creature. precedented numbers to preach the gospel and to

"He that believeth and is baptized shall he saved; minister in the ordinances thereof. Since the restorabut he that believeth not shall be damned."(Mark tion of the priesthood and the Church, well over

16:1516.) 100,000 especially called missionaries, in addition to

With these few words, Jesus launched forth his the more informal missionary activity of the lay memgreat universal missionary program that was to take bership of the Church, have left their workbenches, his chosen emissaries to the farreaching corners of schoolbooks, and offices to spend their full time in civilization. It was his desire that the "good news"of the ministry. There are over 7,000 missionaries in the

salvation should authoritatively be preached and come field at the present time and according to present to the ears of all people. It was his hope that those plans the number will soon exceed 12,000 ivho will

who heard would align themselves with the divine be fulfiling the prophecy that—

principles taught and take upon them his name. "... this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached

Prior to this, and during his mortal sojourn on the in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and

earth, his disciples had been authorized to do misthen shall the end come."{Ibid., 24:14.)

sionary ivork on a limited basis. Their commission Each individual member of the Church has a

restricted their missionary activities to the children of mission and responsibility. Living an exemplary life,

Israel. These twelve, Jesus sent forth and commanded bearing testimony to others, going on formal missions

them saying, "Go not into the way of the Gentiles, when called, and contributing to the financial and and into the city of the Samaritans enter ye not: spiritual needs of missionary work is the duty of all

"But go rather to the lost sheep of the house of members of the Church of Jesus Christ.

Israel. The true disciple of Christ is not satisfied with

"And as ye go, preach, saying, The kingdom of merely trying to live the gospel for himself. He is

heaven is at hand."(Matt. 10:5-7.) driven by the inner spirit to divide his blessings with

The challenge has again come in this, the Dispenothers. He cant help being a missionary at heart.

sation of the Fulness of Times. The clarion call of It is a measure of his discipleship.

JANUARY 1961 53 here is a Silver inmg TODAY'S FAMILY January—a month of shattered piggy banks, overdrawn checkbooks, and

FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR mountains of bills! Where is the silver lining? There must be one somewhere. Could it be in the determination to balance our budgets and to

live this coming year, not as the Joneses live but as our earning power dictates? Let's reevaluate our lives; what is really important? As a family

are we spending our money, time, and energy carelessly? Where is the

leak? Is it in our twisted thinking, our lack of planning, our lack of family

teamwork? It is so easy to go on from day to day the same old way. In

other words, it's easier to be an ostrich with our head in the sand than to be a wideawake person who at the end of each day cares enough about the future to spend some thought on true values.

Let us resolve that next January 1, will not find us in the red, having spent far more than we have earned. The whole family must rally around

and make this a joint family resolution or it will be useless. Little Joey,

who is five, as well as Mary, seven; Jim, twelve; and Joyce, fifteen, should

all sit down with Mother and Dad to work this out together.

Our Church leaders have told us, down through the years, "to keep out of debt."To buy things we cannot pay for is a form of stealing. President Grant at one conference said, "If people known as Latterday Saints

had listened to the advice given from this stand by my predecessor, under the inspiration of the Lord, calling and urging upon the Latterday Saints not to run in debt, this great depression ( 1932 ) would have hurt the Latterday Saints very, very little."This advice rings just as true today. It is so

easy to borrow money and to buy on the installment plan that the whole country is mortgaged. What can one little family do to correct all this?

It may sound trite to say, to put one's own household in order, but it is so true. Our world is made up of millions of households. One by one we

must get in order.

Prosperity seems to distort our vision. Let us take off our rosecolored

glasses and put on our clear lenses and treat money with respect. Teach

our children the value of money and, above all, teach them to save. This

saving, of course, will have their future in mind. Teach them that money

is a means to an end not an end in itself. Teach them to have a deep

respect for what money can accomplish. Let them, and parents, too, save

toward education, health, missions, and happy homes.

If we reconcile what we spend with what we earn, January nineteen hundred and sixtytwo will be the beginning of a happier New Year. If

this is the year we will be ourselves and not try to live up to the Joneses.

we will choose well. You know there is a real talent in choosing well

Mothers, let another resolution be, to be good choosers. That means you

will weigh the value of everything that enters your home, be it a new dress, an appliance, or a sack of flour. The clothes will be of the best design,

finest workmanship, and highest quality of material that you can afford. In

most cases quality should take the place of quantity. The same applies

to appliances. Know the guarantees, possibilities of obtaining extra parts,

economy of service. Now as to food, ask this of every dollar spent: that it be

for a wholesome, nourishing, well- 1 egg slightly beaten Creamed, chipped beef would be balanced growth and energygiving V4 cup evaporated milk quite ordinary unless you added a food. Plan ahead so there will be Vz teaspoon onion salt little twist like serving it on crisp

no waste. Buy a food in its season. Vz teaspoon monosodium glutamate hot waffles. For added glamor add

Store carefully when there is an Vz teaspoon pepper a cup of diced, peeled avocado to excess. Use accurate recipes and Vi teaspoon sage the creamed chipped beef just before

carefully prepare your meals so each taking from the heat. Top each

dish will be its very best. WholeSauce serving with a dash of nutmeg, and

some food prepared with loving care you have a dish not only fit for a and served tastefully and with reVz cup firmly packed brown sugar queen, but for the king and all the finement is the right of every family. % teaspoon dry mustard little people as well.

Vz vinegar cup romance Finance and rhyme—and crisp Liver and cooked bacon and 1 hot water cup if find, willalso together. go You of butter, a served sauce with Va raisins cup starting out are in married Justyou onion, parsley and minced chopped V4 teaspoon nutmeg iflife are or nearing your you of tarragon vinegar drops and a few

that day,golden balanced wedding juice of tablespoon cooked lemon together mixture the and a meat Mix to happiromancebudgets and add for brings together minutes, a few balls. tiny into meat form Brownness. our a day happy when What this nourishing dish everyday up to fat. little ingredithe a hot Mix saving our in equalspending and level. the gourmet for ents pour together the sauce andearnings. roll or yeast quick always bread A balls. the Cover over meat browned

Let's talk about some recipes that and bake for about 30 minutes in adds glamor to an ordinary supper.

will the budget. balance help sugJohnnycake with brown made The a 350 degree F. oven.

isfirst thought ground beef. always ar sugar instead of white and baked

It not hamburger need be just thispatties. serving Try versatile Easy Meat Balls incrispya largeon topshallowand onpanthewillbottomturn andout

meat in many different ways. A Form meat balls, put in casserole, will be so tasty with almost any meal.

meat loaf alone mav come to the and pour one can of condensed Add. raisins, currents, dried fruit, or

table under a number of disguises. onion soup plus Vz can water over dates to muffins for that added

Try baking it in a round pan and uncooked meat balls and bake 45 touch. A meal may be as plain as

serving it in pieshape wedges or minutes at 350 F. degrees. bread, milk, and cheese and still be

if time is at a premium, and there is An unusual touch can be added special if the bread is fresh and not an hour in which to bake a reguto a budget meal and make it a delicious, the milk sweet, and the lar meat loaf, divide the meat in half party. When you serve a soup and cheese tasty and all served on a

and make twin loaves that bake in salad dinner see to it that you have clean cloth with refinement.

time.half Individual the meat dessert like this elespecial loaves a very is just salad Cole Slaw cabbage

delicious. interestingare always and pie. chocolate gant dressing. unless the vary Try you

loaf crumbs,Roll in fine bread each 1 of sour cream, 2 tableusing cup cracker crumbs,cornflake crumbs, Pie Chocolate Elegant vinegar, honey, 1 teaspoon spoons nuts or finely meal,corn chopped salt, pepper, V4 teaspoon Vz teaspoon until foamy, Beat 2 egg whites filled tins Muffin baking.before

seed. celery Salted 1 teaspoon V& of and of teaspoon cream then add loaf served bakedwith and and meat

to the also peanuts be added may stiff. until tartar, Gradually beat olive a sauce makes a tomatowith

different. cole slaw for something Vz 1 in of teaspoon sugar beat and cup this tune. to old This varietynice

sauce is made by adding a small can vanilla. Beat until very stiff, and Try lightly browning fine, dry

of chopped olives, one tablespoon mixture stands up in peaks. Grease bread crumbs in butter then seasonof onion flakes, salt, and pepper to well a pie pan and put the meringue ing with salt and pepper and paprika

a can of condensed tomato soup and in and cover the pan entirely way and 2 teaspoons of lemon juice to % cup of water. Mix together and up over the edge. Bake for 55 minVz cup of bread crumbs. Mix well

bring to the simmering stage and let utes at 300 degrees F. and serve over almost any vegetable

simmer for five minutes. for that extra touch without adding

Meat balls are an international Filling to your budget.

favorite. In Italy these little meat Melt about 4V2 to 5 ounces of cut Pancakes can be used for dinner

balls grace a bowl of spaghetti. In up almond chocolate bar in a double as well as for breakfast. Try them

France each meat ball is sometimes boiler. Add 3 tablespoons evaporated some night with creamed salmon

molded around a cube of sharp milk and 1 teaspoon vanilla and over them and a crisp salad on the cheese and then French fried. Chili blend well. Cool completely, then side.

beans spiced up with tomato, onions, fold in 1 cup of whipping cream For a quick tuna dish add Vs cup and chili powder are good with meat that has been whipped very thick. mayonnaise to 2 cups white sauce

balls. Let me give you two unusual Put into baked meringue pie shell and a tiny bit of grated onion. Then

meat ball recipes. that is cold. Sprinkle with shavings add a can of tuna, drained and

of milk chocolate and let set in the flaked, and heat. Try serving this

refrigerator for from five to twelve over hot baked potato popped openSweetSour Meat Balls hours. It can be made overnight and steaming.

1 pound of ground beef for a luncheon, or early in the mornCasseroles can be nutritious, de- 1 cup cracker crumbs ing for a dinner. licious, and easy on the pocketbook.

56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Irish Casserole 1 onion chopped fine and fried in the eggs and cook over medium heat,

beef, 1 can corned chopped % cup4 tablespoonschili sauce of the bacon fat stirringthe desiredoccasionallyfirmness. untilThiseggsis goodare Vz macaroni elbow pound

1 can cream of chicken soup 1 teaspoon chili powder served with Canadian bacon or 1 cup chedder cheese, cubed Vz teaspoon dry mustard bacon strips, vegetable salad, and

P/2 cups milk 3 tablespoons molasses buttered English muffins.

2 tablespoons minced parsley 1 number 2V2 can of tomatoes Stews and budgets seem to go 1 medium sized onion chopped drained (save juice for soup) hand in hand, but there is nothing fine salt to taste ordinary about this Super Stew but

V4 teaspoon pepper its cost. On a cold winter night

salt to taste Mix together all ingredients put what could be more delicious than 1 cup buttered dry bread crumbs in a casserole. Top with 2 table- a huge, steaming stew and feathery

spoons of catsup. Bake in a 400 light dumplings? Along with it

degree F. oven for about an hour or serve hot buttered corn niblets and

Cook the macaroni in boiling until it bubbles. a crisp cole slaw, topping the meal

salted water, drain, and rinse. ComFor a quick high protein dish try off with baked apples and cream.

bine with all the other ingredients this Cottage Skillet.

except for the crumbs. Put in a

large casserole and top with the Super Stew and Dumplings buttered crumbs and a sprinkle of Cottage Skillet 3 pounds of lean short ribs cut into grated cheese. Bake in a 350 degree 6 eggs serving pieces

F. oven for about one hour. Vz teaspoon salt V2 cup flour

Yt teaspoon each of thyme, mar- 1 tablespoon salt joram, sweet basil, and pepper V3 teaspoon pepper

Bean Supper % cup creamed cottage cheese Vz teaspoon paprika 2 cups kidney beans cooked in boil- 2 tablespoons butter 2 tablespoons fat ing, salted water until just 5 cups canned tomatoes tender; drain. Beat the eggs together with the clove of garlic minced

% pound of bacon fried crisp, seasonings, mix in the cottage cheese. 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce

drained, and crumbled Melt the butter in a skillet. Add 7 carrots, sliced

Make 1961 A BOOK OF MORMON YEAR

By Getting Your Set of THE ENTIRE Book of Mormon on Records!

Over 30 hours of "easy to understand"scripture 1

The Book of Mormon comes alive through the medium of long playing high fidelity recordings. Narrated word for word

with reverence and emotion... just as dictated by the

Prophet Joseph Smith. The entire family will benefit

from the new, understandable dimension of this important work. A "must"in the record library

of every LDS family. Especially good for

Priesthood quorum or family night use.

Order now! Your check for $9.95 begins your collection. Here's how:

-Available on tapes inquire if interested.

COLUMBIA Enclosedrecord albumis myof checkthe Bookfor $49.95.of Mormon.Please send, postpaid, the complete 50

RESEARCH Enclosedrecords. I iswillmysendcheck$1.00for plus$9.95.handlingPleasecostssendpermyweekalbumfor andeach therecordfirstfor3

rpm Dust."the for A single 33W From "A Voice Enclosed is my $1.00

If entire album decide the you album. above GROUP D 39excerptweeks. My 40th and final $1.00 brings me the last 8 records. from the sampling

3600 SOUTH for you, your $1.00 will be applied to the purchase price. is

MARKET STREET begins your collection. 50 SALT LAKE NAME

records, 100 sides. Handsome

royal blue leatherette album CITY, UTAH ADDRESS and cover box included. CITY STATE.

(Positions available as local distributors)

JANUARY 1961 57.

// looks like cream 3 onions, sliced cheese cubes, ripe olive slices, garlic 2 medium potatoes, diced croutons, lemon slices, whipped

Vz cup celery—finely sliced cream with horseradish, frankfurter

slices, minced parsley, chopped

Combine flour, salt, pepper, and chives, crushed potato chips.

paprika, and dredge the ribs in the 9. Soup and thimble dumplings.

mixture. Brown in the fat. Add Make biscuit mix dumplings and add

the tomatoes, garlic, and Worces- a dash of herbs or spices, drop from tershire sauce to the meat. Cook for a teaspoon on top of simmering

about IV2 hours. Skim off all fat, scotch broth, cover (do not lift lid)

-pours like cream add the vegetables, and simmer anand cook for five minutes.

other 45 minutes or until the meat 10. Soup nogs. Whip a can of

and vegetables are tender. Add celery, chicken or tomato soup with

more liquid if needed. Taste and two eggs, season, chill, serve.

season to taste. Drop the dumpling

mixture from a tablespoon on top of the bubbling stew. Cover tightly

and bring to a boil. Do not lift cover

but simmer 15 minutes longer.

WHAT IS THIS TEMPLE - tastes even better! Dumplings OF OUR GOD?

1 cup flour 2 teaspoons baking powder BY MIRLA GREENWOOD THAYNE

XA cup finely chopped parsley Vz teaspoon salt Citadel of virtue,

V* teaspoon sugar Palisade of truth, of dash nutmeg Haven for the aged, milk V2 cup 2 tablespoons salad oil Milestone for youth.

Semaphore to light the way Mix the dry ingredients, add the milk and oil, stirring just till flour By Saints and angels trod, 120 is dampened. Blueprint of eternal life

And holiness to God.

SOUP SURPRISES

1. Hot buttered tomato soup

spiced with onion salt, nutmeg, cloves, and cinnamon.

2. Soup for breakfast. Try hot 11. Use canned soup as sauces.

cream of tomato soup in mugs served Add Vz cup mayonnaise to 1 can with scrambled eggs. mushroom soup for a fish sauce.

3. Soup at bedtime as a nightcap. Thin with cream or milk and heat.

Holds Try hot consomme or cream of 12. Add tomato soup to stews. and72hatscoats chicken.

service small as a as Wheels for sauces 13. soup tomato Use into a unfolds rack cart. The 4. dish. as a Serve main 6'6"Soup coats holding unit rigid Veeplongreadily loaf. over meat counter72 Scientifically with a hats. up and

it set of celery to that be up can of so which the soup have cream Setssweep fold down seconds balancedliterally in fillers in in casseas... 14. arms soups Use umbrella. easily andas an as storage 'or 1 of milk, can cups 2 or 2 been seconds. added 3

steel with tubular Built square of roles. closedend of shelves hat of corn, cubes ham. cream and cast supported by tubes doublealuminum

asto Plated brackets. dressing: as salad a 15. soup Use Wheels in beauty. little 5. permanent a catsup and Add throughordinfinish. construction Qualityand aluminumsureengineering, use: dressing delicious a French ary doorways. For yet efficient equipment most The to crisp 4'8'soup. crumpled bacon bean x area meeting dining and for developed

racks stores etc. equipment, standby

for varies. 720 people. the "load"jiffy 6. for wherever rooms,... onion simmer soup For 1 soup tomato condensed can

Bulletin for VP690 Write in instant onion canned minced some IV2 sugar tablespoons

Made VOGELPETERSON CO. consomme. Add 1 cup of canned Vz teaspoon pepper

Only By Rt. 83 & Madison St.—Elmhurst, III. tomatoes and a pinch of basil, and Vz teaspoon salt

serve topped with grated parmesan 1 teaspoon paprika

NOW in its own binding cheese.7. To serve with soup, spread 22 tablespoonsteaspoons drymincedmustardonion

Vz vinegar cupTHE APOSTLES OF JESUS CHRIST crackerster add withany herbone ofbutter.the followingTo butVz salad oil cup

chili oregano, powder, dash garlic salt with the text by seasonings: seasoning, poultry caraway seeds,

President David O. McKay onion salt, garlic salt. Combine, chill, and shake well

(from the November 1959 ERA) 8. Garnish soup with popcorn, before serving.

$1.00 at your bookstore 58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ) a

Something Special from a slender body. The hometrimmed Section of the American Chemical

of Society a past president the blurred and as on bent headJohnny haircut of UniverAssociation tears for in the his American sympathetic through that sudden, grateful embrace, he sity Professors, Utah State Univer- ( Continued from page 25 knew the exhilaration of an unexsity Chapter. Elder Burton, who

pected gift. writes music for pleasure, composed

dollar bid was just a hopeless mumNow he knew that he'd love again, the USU school Alma Mater Hymn.

ble now, a halfdefiant refusal to be able to give of himself once Prior to his position at the Univerquit in the face of certain defeat. more—knew that only through givsity, he taught chemistry, physics,

Sooner or later you learned, Greg ing could he come alive. The and mathematics at the Carbon Junthought grimly. You learned that knowledge welled somewhere deep ior College in Price, Utah. From

no amount of persistence, of effort, of within him, as yet a tiny trickle of 1932 to 1934 he was Salt Lake City's desperation could get you the imcompassion. assistant city bacteriologist, then he

possible. You faced up to facts like But that trickle would swell to a became technical assistant to the

those hospital doors closing, like the deluge, for the world was such a United States Treasury attache, US hard, heavy alley bag full of coins lonely place for so many. There Treasury Department in Vienna,

that had bought a life. would always be someone who Austria and in Berlin, Germany.

The last racer was a beauty. Dark needed him. First of all, there was The new General Authority filled a

blue with generous chrome trimming, Ellen. mission to the SwissGerman Mission

it stood sleek and splendid on its "Thanks, Johnny,"he murmured from 1927 to 1930 during which he kickstand. "Two dollars,"came against the frayed collar, "thanks for was branch president in Bern, Switthe familiar bid. But this time it the real special present."zerland, and Altona, Germany, and

was different. The apology had president of the SchleswigHolstein

gone out of it, it rang proud and District. He accepted the mission call

defiant. Here was a young heart with considerable anxiety, being

giving everything it had to an imfrightened at the thought of living possible dream, for which it felt no among the then called "Huns."Since

shame. Somewhere in the shining he was reared during World War I,

future, it proclaimed, somewhere, Elder Theodore M. Burton he had acquired many preconceived

somehow, a bike like that will be notions about this people which mine. were wrong. He learned many lesThe bid climbed to eight dollars, (Continued from page 23) sons from the German people.

though the crowd of eager kids had "They are good, strong Latterday thinned. Eight dollars, the exact laws: "Whether teaching chemistry Saints. They are good leaders—

amount in the alley bag. And he'd or the principles of the gospel, the determined people, highly intelliwondered what he could ever buy same fundamental laws apply in the gent—and have the blood of Ephraim

with that eight dollars that would experimental laboratory or in the in their veins. They made a remarkrepresent full value. daily living of gospel ideals, if we able recovery after the second world

"Sold,"he snapped. "Sold for ten follow scrupulously the law we reach war. If we refuse to take our voting

dollars to the redhead."desired ends. Failure to follow the seriously, the same thing could hapDisbelief and astonishment paled laws of science or the laws of God pen to us as happened to them. We

the thin sharp face. Cautiously the results in disappointment. must take our responsibility seriousboy inched forward, licking his "My testimony has been strengthly—fighting for freedom at all times."

windroughened lips, his eyes never ened because in science I was trained In due time, Elder Burton, along leaving Greg's set countenance. to see order. Though fallacies may with the other new Assistants to the

Wordlessly, he uncurled his bony arise in a scientist's judgment, he Twelve, will become familiar with fingers from around the quarters and must make decisions which are every clearcut duty and intricate denickles and dimes that added up to sometimes wrong. In science wrong tail of the work. But their most imhis entire wealth. theories can lead to a discovery of portant duty is the covenant each

Greg dumped the contents of the truth by testing those theories. In has made to bear testimony of the

alley bag beside the little pile of our religion God gives us infallible divinity of Jesus Christ. Elder Burcoins on the table and watched, truth which we can prove to ourton bore solemn witness to that effascinated, as they mingled together. selves by applying it to our lives."fect to the Latterday Saints during

Why, they were the fruits of similar After graduating from West High October 1960 general conference on labor, attracted to each other by School in Salt Lake City, the new AsSaturday morning: "President Mctheir common background. sistant to the Twelve attended the Kay told me that my responsibility

The hesitant chapped hand carUniversity of Utah, where he graduwould be principally to bear witness ressed the shiny chrome for a long, ated with a B.A. degree in 1932 and to the divinity of Jesus Christ, and

trembling moment. Then, without an M.A. degree in 1934. He rethis I can do from the bottom of my

warning, the boy whirled and flung ceived his Ph.D. degree from Purdue heart. I do know that Jesus is the

himself at Greg. His wiry arms University in June 1951. He has Christ. I have covenanted with him

wound impulsively about the blue received recognition as a member to be his son. I have covenanted to

tunic while tears of gratitude stained of several scholastic fraternities, Phi bear that name, and I pray that I his pale cheeks. Lambda Upsilon, Sigma Xi, and might always bear it honorably, that

Automatically, he felt his own Alpha Epsilon Delta, and also I might never do anything to bring arms tighten as he held, once more, served as chairman of the Utah dishonor to that glorious name."

JANUARY 1961 59 On the Bookrack mannaof Helaman,from Abinadi,heaven, Corianton,the sons

Elisha's dishonest servant, Jesus the

A CHILD'S STORY OF THE Christ and the false witness borne

PROPHET JOHN TAYLORDeta against him, and the story of Ananias

Petersen Neeley and Glen Neeley and Sapphira. Together with modDeseret News Press, Salt Lake City. ern stories, these factual records

1960. $2.00. 140 pages. from the Bible and the Book of

Mormon become stimuli for voung

Here is another classic by this repeople to learn and to obey the Ten markable husbandand-wife team. Commandments.

The book should find a welcome place in the libraries of young people—and of adults who would know and

have their children know something of the life of this great man. Companion to the Prophet and his Forget"brother Hyrum in Carthage Jail "Lest We

where the Prophet and the Patriarch (Continued from page 51) were martyred, President Taylor carried the effects of this onslaught Smith: You fellas better go along

all the days of his life, for the bullets without me this time. I don't

that struck his leg were never rethink....

moved. if it's forHanford: Look, money, the suffering of In spite he en-

're ya, drinks the on it. We told of get lived dured, a long life he

usefulness to the Church and helped Fulton here. A guy don't make two

establish industries that built an stripes every day of the week.

TYPEWRITERS economyMountainforregion.—M.the SaintsC.in/.the Rocky I gotBronski:plenty.You need money, Smitty,

especially suitable for Smith: No, thanks, Sarge. It isn't

the money. I just don't...

T. LIGHTJo/m INTO JOURNEY just don't Hanford: You You GENEALOGY Bemhard WORK just don't nothin', buddy... been You. Deseret Salt Lake Book Company, goin'three here on months, and you! $1.50. City. 1960. pages. 68 SAVE!

ain't yet. tied on one C'mon, boy,

to help 25% 60% us celebrate. You owe it to to the Church, T. John A convert yourself. Rebuilts Factory on of the a long studv Bernhard made

... PORTABLES - STANDARDS Book of Mormon as well as other of Smith: Well

ELECTRICS the tenets of the Church before he Hanford: Look, so maybe you

Write For Free Literature accepted the gospel as a way of life ain't used to drinkin'back home.

for him. This is a priceless story So what. Who's gonna know? You're

of a man who, now a teacher at a thousand miles away from home.

Brigham Young University, has Just once in your life live it up a

Business Machines and Supplies weighed this new way of life with little. This six months thing ain't

757 So. State other ways of life and has found gonna go on forever.

Salt Lake City 11, Utah this new one most valuable.—M. C. J. Smith: Well... OK. You guys

go ahead and shower up. I'll join you

just this once.

STORIES FROM THE TEN COMHanford: Atta boy, Smitty. Oh,

MANDMENTS FOR YOUNG LATsay, here's a letter for you. Found it

TERDAY SAINTSEmma Man on the bulletin board. Musta got

Petersen this mail separated morning's from DEVELOPEDFILMSand PRINTED Bookcraft, Salt Lake City. 1960. exthree leave as Larry call. (The

187 pages. $2.75. amines the envelope and takes out

the has developed author PER ROLL the letter. ) The

Smith: Well, I'll be. It's from in manner, using an interesting book

starts toFor any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B &W Roll first a story from ancient times to Brother White. (As Larry

JUMBO PRINTS only 354 per Roll illustrate each one of the ten comread, the voice of Elder White is ) GENEALOGY PHOTOS mandments, and then using a modheard.

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD ern story for the same purpose. The White: Dear Larry,

PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS ancient stories deal with Elijah and Probably the last person you

of NEGATIVE, 44 each the priests of Baal, Nebuchadnezzar, ever expected to hear from while

Send coin only—no C.O.D. s and Daniel and his three companvou're in the service is vour Sundav

MoneyBack Guarantee ions, Moses and the commandments, School teacher. But I couldn't help

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P. O. Box 1115 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

60 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

wondering how you're getting along.

This morning in Sunday School I asked a question that no one could I HAM answer. I knew you could have and PARK

wished here to you'd been do so. $/ AND DAN I'd neglected writingThen I realized

you since you left.

Larry, I'm not one to preach. You ARE

know that, after two years in my i DIFFERENT class. But as an exserviceman myself, I think I can appreciate what

you may be going through, and I'd like to encourage you some way if

I can.

It wouldn't surprise me if you're the only LDS man in your outfit.

If that's the case, things can get especially tough on you sometimes.

But Larry, believe me, you're never really alone. There'll be times when

you'll are, think you when the men But they have two things in common. Both brighten the day of will to so foreignaround you be

your way of life that there won't be The Salt Lake Tribune's readers with a daily humorous column.

one friend you can really talk to.

That's when it's worst, Larry, when And both are often seen in the downtown area. But for difyou think no one there or no one

back home reallvJ cares what vou'reJ ferent reasons. Dan's a cryptic observer of the human scene.

doing tonight, or what may happen to you tomorrow. That's when it's Ham's a professional friend maker. Read them both in...

easy to join the boys in the fun of the moment, regardless of what it be. I I've seen know.may for mythis easily in fbe lt iukt QtMne can happenself how

the service. But Larry, when you're

it choice, thatconfronted take with EVERY HEALTHIER ONE! in notfrom need me, be alone you Stone grind flour yourINCHA a hours few baking or bread

rolls inexpensive a simple, get waybeforeto more nutrition I do.deciding should what vou.. it'sdaily diet into your. with fresh ground flour. whole wheatknow you believe in prayer, so follow some friendly GI advice: it isn't LEE ElectricHOUSEHOLD FLOUR AutomaticMILL

unbecoming a soldier to pray. Most Portable Economical

great soldiers have. Choice of 4 mills, write for prices! Save on this

We're looking forward to having introductorymoney order flourfor 5offer.lb. pkg.Send Flourcouponis withstone checkgroundoryou back in the ward this winter. day shipped.

CO., Milwaukee 1, Wisconsin fireside jokes as LEE ENGINEERING haven't beenOur

left.corny Write since you when I LEE ENGINEERING COMPANYDept.

Wisconsin Ave.—Milwaukee 5-lb. pkg. 1, Wis.you can; we'd like to hear from you. 2023( ) DEAFW. IE-1-61 SMITH FLOUR,

Sincerely, Ppd. Only $1.50.

Brother White. ( ) WIS.Ppd.-MINN.Only $1.00FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg.

P.S. I'm sure the bishop or one of StreetName

his counselors has written you by City State now. But if they haven't, why not J

drop them a line? They're busy

men, you know, and sometimes can't THE APOSTLES do all they'd like to; but I know OF

inthey're interested welfare. your

stops. Larry looks(The voice up, JESUS CHRIST

as soldiers Bronski, Fulton, and Hanfull-color pictures with text by ford reenter.) President David O. McKay

now in booklet form Bronski: Ready to go, buddy at ycur LDS Church Book Dealers

boy?

Hanford: Yeah, man. Let's get SO UNUSUAL... SO LOVELY! $1.00

NICE RAISE SUCH A TO MONEY! WAYwith it. Those gals won't wait all

original magnificent artist's draw-> A AS IOW ASnight. rich Church, ing Frenchfold of your on

.ToT 5"4"singlefold or x correspondence EYES ARTIFICIAL fellas, Look, Smith: you'd 45<FREE TRIAL maybe will or notes cards! Christmas Members MADE CUSTOM OFFER! OPTION gladly quickly and for buy $1 or, them afterbetter along without go me, AVAILABLE - PLASTIC STOCK

is per cost box $1.25 Each with GLASS and your as as—and low 45c!

all. matching envelope. a pleasant to raise Such easy and way

needs! full WALTER DANZ free For the money your Ch urch samples and

Utah E. So. Temple Salt Lake City, SOS write today! FREE

109 Room EL 9-4883 SAMPLES! CREATIONS ENGLANDjust information,NEW WRtTt TODAY! St., 100 Atherton Boston 30, Mass.

JANUARY 1961 61

BEFORE BUYING AN ORGAN - SEE

I have to sing baritone quartet. Allcnroragns"backin'Hanford:out again?Oh, no,Why,not again!man, why?You inof mya barbershopway.

Smith: Well, this letter I got... Fulton: You? Sing? That must

BEFORE BUYING A PIANO - SEE it... it sorta changed my mind. be some quartet.

I... I think I'd better stick around Smith: It is. We call ourselves

and write somebody back home. the "Four Bucks."

Fulton: Aw, fer... c'mon, let Fulton: W7ho's we?

pianos 'im write his letter. Me, I've got Smith: Some fellows I met from % some celebratin'to do. Break out B Company. Oh, say, Sarge, mind

that little black book, Sarge... dropping this letter in the mail sack

THE WORLD'S FINEST (They exit leaving Smith alone. He for me? See you fellas.

MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS rereads the last part of the letter (Larry exits, singing the baritone

AVAILABLE FOR CHURCH OR HOME and then kneels in prayer. Spotlights part of "Shall the Youth of lion

PHONE OR WRITE FOR INFORMATION flash to the bishop's office. Falter")

Scene III Bronski: (Glancing at the letter)

this. ain't This look at even Hey, the following 8:30 Time: pm SUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO. R. reads) to a Bishop dame. (He Wednesday. 3719 So. StateAM 2-1061-S. Utah L. C, doin'What's Smith Wilson! office. L. Setting: bishop's The

Brothers Wilson, Andrews, and writin'to a bishop?

Martin are seated around the desk. Hanford: Oh, he writes that guy

It is the next weekly bishopric meet- a coupla times a month, lately. And

ing. you should see the letters he's been

Wilson:... so I think that will gettin'from people back home. Man,

work out if we can clear that date I wish I got mail like that. I been

like five it seems and sometimes just That's everyabout Martin:

years. can fast people Funny, how isn't for thisWjowul (PaleBRAND withthing the stake calendar. in this man's army five months now, it, Bishop? week,

Wilson: No, there's one more forget all about you!

matter here. Brethren, I'm afraid

we've been neglecting one of our

Seedless ward members. I got a letter from

yesterday. Larry RAISINS young Smith He Elder Franklin Dewey Richards

all right, says he's but I got doing ( Continued from page 23 The World's Finest Raisins supportthe feelingfromhe'dsomebodylike somebesidesmoralhis folks. He mentioned he'd heard while Mother and the rest of us knelt

from Brother White. It looks like by the bed—gave him a blessing.

our Sundav School teachers have From that hour he began to breathe

FRESNO HOME PACKING CO. FRESNO, CALIF. been showing us how to do part of more easily and recovered rapidly.

our job. Brother Andrews, I wrote This experience has influenced our BBBI8HB1 Larry this morning. Would you like lives, especially when sickness hasDISCOUNTS

u p to write him next week? come to our homes."

T o I'll The father of this family, Franklin 40%CHURCHES FOLDKING Andrews: Sure, Bishop. AndTO

AND OTHERS enclose a copy of this week's road- D. Richards, who was born to

show program. He knows almost Charles C. Richards and Letitia

everybody in the cast. He might Peery Richards at Ogden, Utah,

like to know what acts they were November 17, 1900, received his doing this year. early education in his home town

TABLENO. K-3 to the (Spotlights flash soldier set.) schools, the including Weber AcadMASONITETEMPEREDPLASTICIZED of the he was emy, where Scene a member IV TOP FOLDING TABLE LINE Kitchen committees, social Time: At 6:30 pm on Tuesday state high school championship degroups, attention! Directfrom- for of his bating team, evening. having one

factory discounts up terms.—Churches, to 40%prices Ernest debating L. barracks Setting: a companions The Army

Schools, Clubs,—Lodges and

is of president Wilkinson, Larry busy sealweeks later. Brigham few organizations. now Monall new Our

FoldKing roe 1961 Folding ing and stamping a letter as soldiers Young University. Banquet Tables are unmatched

7 MODELS. for quality, durability, convenBronski, Fulton, and Hanford enter. Franklin, as he was known among

ROLLING. ience SMOOTH, appearand handsome EASY HANDLING, STORAGE. ance. 68 Models and sizes. Bronski: Hey, buddy boy, where the students, was business manager

of publications the you goin'now? Academy Weber 1961 BEGFREE—CATALOG Herald. Smith: Acorn I wangled myself a pass,—the and the Weber Color pictures. Full line tables, chairs, table and chair trucks,

platformrisers, portable partitions, bulletin boards. 53rd year. Sarge. I'm going into town. It was during these years that he

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa Hanford: On a week night? made the acquaintance of the PresiWhat's to do on a week night? dent of the Academy Board, David

Smith: Mutual. O. McKay, a man greatly loved and

DRINK Hanford: Mutual? Mutual what? respected by all students.

sometime, Private. Right now, out the Eastern States Mission as a ficq A delightful Smith: I'll tell you all about it While Franklin was laboring in

hot beverage for those who don't drink coffee.

AT YOUR GROCERS 62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

young man, he was chosen president the Missionary..

of the Brooklyn and Boston conferences, and when the Patriarch to the Church, Hyrum G. Smith, visited the mission, he gave Elder Rich- *—"istinctive choice of

ards a patriarchal blessing, declaring programs to make the to him that he would be "called to farewell complete. The

hold offices of presidency and leadmissionary's photograph ership in both sacred and civil posiincluded in folded tions."program.

In June 1923, Franklin was graduated from the University of Utah $18.00 for 500

School of Law and received his LLB and 85c per 100 degree. While at the university he for moreplusor postageless than 500had become well acquainted with

Henry D. Moyle, one of his favorite

instructors, and that friendship has The West's Finest lasted through the years. On AuPrinters and Binders

gust 1, 1923, Franklin married Helen

Kearnes in the Salt Lake Temple.

As a practising attorney Elder

Richards espeDeseret became successful, cially as a counselor at law for various corporations—local at first, but

national later. For eighteen years, News1934 to 1952, he served with the

Federal Housing Administration, finally commissioner becoming FHA atwith headquarters Washington, Press

D.C. During this period of time,

Elder Richards and his family were actively engaged in their Church work, Elder Richards serving as Jk SeUt Jl*6e &ty'& tletveat 'ZfoteC chairman of the building committee while the beautiful chapel for the HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE

Chevy Chase Ward was built. In MODERN COFFEE SHOPS and DINING ROOMS

1952 he opened his own mortgage, TELEVISION AIR CONDITIONED banking, and brokerage business in RATES: SINGLES $6.00 up DOUBLES $8.00 up TWINS $10.00 up

three different localities, WashingTELETYPE RESERVATIONS ACCEPTED COLLECT SU 350 ton, D.C, New York City, and Salt

Lake City. In 1954 he and his family returned to Utah, where he was UXCVlty

made president of RichardsWood- <zt bury Mortgage Company andFranklin D. Richards and Company. W &>4t

He is also an official of several other loan and investment companies. 75 West

South Temple L. WEST, Manager CLARENCE all the press responsibiland With

Lake PHONE ity affairs, his of daily business he Salt Utah EL inParking 5-2961 Drive City, FREE his family continuedand have busy in the Church, teaching and officiating in ward and stake. For three

and a half years before he was called IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS [pvel y to over preside the Northwestern simple of Canker, in treatment Aids G* Uft over*sStates Mission, 1, 1960, he January minor sore throat mouth and other was president of the East Millcreek and throat irritations. KITCHEn CHftRIti

Stake Mission. WAXED PAPER

Elder Richards, is scheduled to HALLS REMEDY return to Salt Lake City from the Salt Lake City, Utah

Northwestern States Mission early his strengthin 1961, to throw and LEARN AVAILABLE NOW AT ZCMI hisinspired into guidance new callAT listing of for write FREE complete ing as an Assistant to the Council of Mormon Tabernacle Choir Records by HOME!

teacher. quickly, right Learn at Be RECORRSthe Twelve Apostles. COLUMBIA ownpiano,music guitar, yourplay instrument. to home,

it boring famous anyNo Record Centre ZCMI righteasy. exercost. cises.Our picturedplaying Start away. lessonssimpleall world. students, Write 1,000,000 FREE Salt Lake City, Utah 47 South Main S. makepiecestheaccordion,will of LowforSchool No No

Port Y.U. book.Music, Aizai, Studioobligation. call.N. salesmanoverWashington,

JANUARY 1961 63 The Last Word

Speaker: "Thank you, sir, for staying to listen to

me when everybody else walked out.

Listener: "Don't thank me. I'm the next speaker."

The ability to speak in several languages is valuTwo women were preparing to board an airliner. able, but the ability

One of them turned to the pilot and said: "Please to keep your mouth

don't fly faster than sound; we want to talk."shut in one is

priceless.

What you are to be you are now becoming.

WILLIAM JAMES: A great many people think they AMBROSE BIERCE: Admiration: our polite recogare thinking when they are merely rearranging their nition of another man's resemblance to ourselves.

prejudices.

JOHN MASEFIELD: His face was filled with

broken commandments. He who laughs last—didn't get the joke.

He: "Doyou-ski?"Two things are bad for the heart—running upstairs

She: "Silly, you know I don't speak a word of and running down people.

Russian!"—Baruch

Be firm! One constant element in luck

Is genuine solid old Teutonic pluck.

-O. W. Holmes

Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued is always just beyond your grasp, but Time, indeed, is a sacred gift, and each day is a which if you will sit down little life.

quietly will light upon you.—Sir John Lubbock

—Hawthorne

Learn from the mistakes of others—you don't live

long enough to make them all yourself.

The world's best afterdinner speech:

Many times a day I realize how much my own life "Waiter, I'll take both checks."

is built upon the labors of my fellow men, and how earnestly I must exert myself in order to give in return as much as I have received.

—Albert Einstein Nature couldn't make us perfect, so she did the

next best thing—she made us blind to our faults.

64 THE IMPROVEMENT EHA You'll enjoy the University of Utah's

NEJV EightWeek Summer School June 26 - August 19, 1961

FULL QUARTER OFFERINGS PLUS SPECIAL FEATURES

NO OUTOF-STATE TUITION LOW FEES FOR SPECIAL STUDENTS (1-5 CREDIT HOURS)

WORLDFAMOUS VISITING FACULTY MEMBERS

A popular quad for campus friends

Add a VACATION to your EDUCATION in the Scenic West. Weekend

tours to Yellowstone, Grand Canyon, Bryce and Zions National Parks and

Dinosaur country.

The past and present meet in For additional information, send coupon below. Plan early. historic Salt Lake City valley

r., To: Dr. Ray R- Canning

Director of Summer School University of Utah, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send your Summer School Catalog free of charge.

Name

Address.

I am especially interested in

Clip and Mail.

"I've found a great way to pay my life insurance

.. premium

It's Beneficial Life's CHECK-O-MATIC Plan.* Simplicity is

the word. All I did was authorize

my Beneficial agent to set up a Check-o-matic

Plan with my bank so that my insurance premiums are automatically deductedfrom my checking account. Now there's

nothing to remember—nothing to mail in!'

The Beneficial man in your area will be happy to make arrangements for you to enjoy this convenient monthly premium payment plan through your bank.

For more information, mail the coupon below, or consult the Beneficial man in your community.

'The Check-o-matic Plan applies to premiums of $10.00 or more per month.

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Beneficial Building Salt Lake City 1, Utah Please send me more information about Beneficial Life's BENEFICIAL IIEE

Check-o-matic Plan of premium payments.

Name Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Street or RFD.

City.Zone..State.