'!! SI

SEPTEMBER 1952 Distinguished historian and past master of fiction, Thomas

Costain has turned his prodigious talent to Biblical times to weave an exciting and inspirational story about the

Cup used by Christ at the Last Supper. A story of spectacular beauty, power and spiritual insight... one to be

read and reread. $3.85

m

5 LADY THE GIVE WHAT GLORY 3 OF THE PETER 2 CALLED GOWN THE A FOR MAN 4 WINDOWS Turnbull Sligh SHE WANTS Agnes by Marshall Catherine by PRINCE CROWN to and Lloyd he God Wendt by whom of story true "Happy a This the Vining Elizabeth Gray by hand, sparing iswith Kogan given Herman has minister, and great modernis story personal intimate The... is enough''as of century colorful as much the United of whole former Chaplain four A woman's American of an

this fasof is this is theme the life up Dr. Peter wrapped American MarStates Senate, private years as remarkable

the about novel of story cinating zestful vivid, this contains in also shall. book The Prince of to tutor the Crown

pathos store humor, and little goods dry drama, famous 1852 Marshall's the six of of photo16 pages Japan.

of minister life the of ina a to the become prayers. six up $3.75 that grew Dr.and sermons $4.00 graphs.

years ago. fifty church Field village Marshall - famous world

$3.75 and Co. 70 pages of illustrations. $4.50

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 1, Utah Please send the following books whose numbers are circled:

3 4Name 12

Street or RFD.

City Zone. StatePlease add 10c packing and mailing cost for each book ordered. Residents

of Utah add 2% sales tax.

YOU JUST

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Reaction with the material of the crucible occurs with many materials of high melting point. There is now

a process in which metal is melted without a crucible. The metal is suspended in space by an electromagnetic

field while the electric current passes through the lump to melt it, making possible the production of pure metals without container contamination.

K ntibiotics are finding good service "*"* on the farm. From Michigan State

College comes the news that neomycin had cured more than ninety percent of cows with inflamed udders. Lederle

Laboratories found that giving aureomycin to one hundred hens with low eggproduction record resulted in a rise from thirtyseven percent to eighty percent of their peak production in twenty days.

y t adrian who was Roman emperor 76- ** 138 A.D. decided to do away with

political Judaism entirely. One of his

first steps was to rebuild Jerusalem under the name Aelia Capitolina and no

Jews were allowed to settle in Aelia.

The Christian emperors after Constantine restored the old name.

f\- neplainedof themysteriesmost interestingof nature is unexwhy birds use ants as a part of their toilet.

The ant is seized in the bird's bill and rubbed swiftly over the under surface of the primary wing feathers, or the bird may bathe in swarms of ants.

Other insects and nonanimal substances may be used such as lemon juice, vinegar, beetles, chokecherries, and even pieces of apples.

HP he American Medical Association in

I a recent editorial in its Journal warns that excessive smoking may cause tumors in a smoker's larynx. These

tumors may cause hoarseness and vocal fatigue and may require surgery. Referring to current cigaret advertising

claims quoting actors and singers, the AtVmr editorial says: the "Whatever smoking

it is Tavorih habits of these be, singers may unlikely that they are aware of the published description of lesions of the

tc irritation cord vocal caused by due purity iOIWl House Crackers excessive a in nor are they smoking position to judge scientifically the efPURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Pocatello Phoenix fects of smoking on the body."

SEPTEMBER 1952 617.

V HEW * THE Presidential Elections in the U.S.A. THAT 5 \ BOOK

pageantry quadrennial of the nanpME by Dr. G. Homer Durham I THE TALK of tional conventions nominating

\ OF THE thecapturedRepublicanmuch andinterestDemocraticduringpartiesthe Department,Head of PoliticalUniversityScienceof Utah

CHURCH press and newsreel, the eyes and ears \ month of July. By television and radio,

of millions were focused on Chicago, Senate (in this case, Vice President "the convention city."By this time, Alben W. Barkley, whose term expires

some of the "mysteries"surrounding the January 20, 1953 at noon). About Janmethods by which party nominees are uary 6, 1953, when the new eightythird

finally selected will have become apparCongress convenes, members of the ent. To convince the majority of some Senate will enter the House of Repre1200 delegates, representing party orsentatives, and in joint session, the

ganizations of the separate states and certificates sent from the fortyeight sets territories, that one man or another of presidential electors will be counted should carry the national party's banby four "tellers,"two senators and two ner, is no mean accomplishment. representatives, the results entered on

Now, all attention centers on Tuesthe journals of each body. This marks

day, November 4, 1952. the official "hurdle"which has to be

Why Tuesday, November 4? A little cleared, under the Constitution, before

explanation may be useful in promoting the new president can be inaugurated understanding. And, supposing a nomon January 20, 1953.

inee should succumb heThe basis for the forefcOfiH m-Y fore November 4? Or going is largely found in

between November 4 and Article II of the original

CONTAINS THOSE Januaryday for assuming20, 1953,office?the Constitution,paragraph 2: section 1,

Or, supposing by some ARTICLES shall state appoint, Each BRILLIANT that circumstance, no legIN the as in such manner APPEARED electpresident has been direct, WHICH islature thereof may ERA 1953, 20, ed January by of electors, equal a number THE IMPROVEMENT of to Questions the whole then? number what

such as these are represenators and representaentitled in State tives the to be which may could others of which sentative many an l-iSrrt representasenator or the forgotten Congress: but no i This * in to are be found asked. Answers a be 3 or office trust of tive, holding or person an of the Constitution of the provisions *"*'the SrvoCeveaU insight shall States; be profit the United under superbly accaccurate II, secArticle Y*"S especially States, United and colorful (Italics elector. author's.) appointed an a the. of lives the 4; 1, in 2 and paragraphs tion the egtwardl iuto their thor. before g of legislature the that Seppies (approved This means Twelfth Amendment treaty Each mes Lations.

; are electors state decide in can the Twentieth each how 25, and tember 1804) the of oughly

<* to state 6, selected. tne vary laws from February ntuTcy (approved The as Amendment ot Cpiected root

1933), especially section 3 of the latter. state. In Utah nominees for presidenSupplementary answers are also found tial electors are chosen by the state contheir party of the statutory names Convention and of each enactments in the

party's of legislatures the their (directly beneath placed gress of the and SS? 2""<"!

for ballot states. fortyeight on the nominees) November

25 pressNow(andfor allsomeof answers:us) will referWhatto theas theler hasvotesuggestedof the people.that moreWestbrookattentionPegbe

"election day"(November 4, 1952) is placed on the procedure outlined in the $12not, in the exact legal sense, election Constitution above, and that 531 sober

NOW BACK IN PRINT! dayday forfor thechoosingpresidentpresidentialat all. Itelectors,is the meetcitizensin beturnselectedand selectevery thefour presidentyears to AMERICA BEFORE 531 of them under present law. The and vice president, much as a city counCOLUMBUS

elected cil or schoolboard would legal is elected, an in the actually president its city select or superintendent individof manager these 531 by Dewey Farnsworth—$5.00 sense, majority by a

uals, 266 being a majority requirement. of schools. This, of course, was the

PATRONIZE YOUR LOCAL BOOK DEALER These 531 persons, elected from the intent of the framers, with the exception fortyeight states (none in the territorthat they viewed the electors meeting ies) will never convene as a single, legal in thirteen state sections, rather than body. On Monday, December 15, 1952, as a single deliberative body. The idea

they will meet in fortyeight separate has possibilities, but in view of the Bookcraft groups in their respective states to cerstrength, character, and custom of the 1186 South Main tify the election results to the seat of the strong national party conventions, very

Salt Lake City, Utah national government in Washington, little probability.

D. C, directed to the president of the (Concluded on page 622)

618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IB

I

White sidewall tires, twotone color, Fordomatic and Overdrive, optional ai I extra cost. Equipment, accessories and trim subject to change without notice.

F*"- gfijwjgS "the Greatest;;

Car Ever Built % 'IN THE LOWPRICE FIELD!

More Powerful Engines

Now! 110-h.p. HighCompression

StratoStar V-8 Here is an engine that brings brilliant new power to the lowprice field. It has higher compression, powercontoured combustion chambers, new freeturning

highlift valves and Ford's exclusive Automatic Power

Pilot to give you topflight performance on regular gas.

New! 101-h.p. HighCompression

Mileage Maker Six

And, here is the finest, most modern Six in the industry! Its highcompression, lowfriction design,

clusive you the economy Automatic Power Pilot—give

the without use of New Modern Bodies ofwith freeturning overhead valves—plus Ford's ex- "go"per more gallon—and

Styled to Stay Beautiful... Built to Stay Young premium fuel! You save as you drive.

With either of Ford's great engines for 1952 you have Si brings that a completely design For 1952, Ford you body new of Conventional, choice three great your m in enthe incorporates most advancements modern body or Overdrive most and Fordomatic Drive—finestdrives:

in gineering, the techniques fine coachwork. newest and New its in field. in versatile the lowprice Ford Only

hulltight construction seals out weather, dust and noise. New price class gives you a choice of all three.

onepiece curved windshield and carwide rear window give you FullCircle Visibility. For '52, Ford brings you the widest &

choice of body, color and upholstery combinations in the lowprice field.

SEE FRIENDLY DEALER FORD YOUR::':'';::.:

.': '',::--.''

. '....'::...'::"'"::::::::-

: ':......:..:. '":.:......: Si:::: I

SEPTEMBER 1952 619 Vjfficiai \Jraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, fw IMPROVEMENT TIONS,MUTUALDEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF "THE VOiCERAOF THE CHURCH"Jhe Lkurck of

of cLatteydau SaintS <-**> r*J r*> VOLUME 55 NUMBER 9 Septembercp 1952

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: RUBY H. MORGAN

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER

CLAUDE General Manager: ELBERT R.B. CURTISPETERSEN- -AssociateSIDNEY Manager:B. SPERRYBERTHA S. REEDER Jke C-cover

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

Seen on our cover are President and

Sister David O. McKay and their son

and daughterin-law, Elder and Sister

Lawrence McKay being greeted at Helsinki

The Editor's Page Airport,PresidentJuneHenry23, A.1952,Matisby andFinnishSisterMissionMatis.

The Nearness of Our Father President David O* McKay 629

Church Features

Failed? Materialism Evidences and Reconciliations: CLXIX—Has

-- 630 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES John A* Widtsoe

President McKay Visits Europe 50 North Main Street

Doyle L* Green and Albert L. Zobell Jr., 632 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Did Father Lehi Have Daughters Who Married the Sons of Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Ishmael? Sidney B. Sperry 642 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

The Church Moves On....624 Presiding Bishopric's Page...678

Melchizedek Priesthood....676 Copyright 1952 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Association of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Special Features scriptionLatterdayprice,Saints.$2.50 Alla year,rightsin advance;reserved. foreignSubThrough the Eyes of Youth: Come Home Clean...Einar C. Erickson 640 subscriptions,single copy. $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

One Hundred Years Without Pain Eleanor Van Orden 643 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, for mailing Acceptance matter. secondclass as Transcript 644 L* Crowley Anthon The and The Maya Glyphs...Ariel section in for provided of postage rate special 646 at..Rodney There's a Will July Where authorized 1917, W. Fye of October 1103, Act

Growing Old in Years Alvin J. Schow 649 1918. 2,

responsible for unnot Era Gilean Improvement Beauty Douglas 650 The Navajos The Weave contributions. welcomes butis manuscripts, solicited from Temple Square The Spoken Word

by sufficient accompanied be must manuscripts All 631, 672, 677, 693 Richard L> Evans return. delivery for and postage

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Obedience, Evelyn W. Viner..645

S. Harris, Jr 617 On the Bookrack 652 Change of Address

Presidential ElecTimes:.'*. These

for of adrequired change r-WiULnildren notice days's dj;Keading &zaoj4 rLj. in -a j Mates,Ci tions the-, ttunited include please ordering a change, dress. Fifteen When..696 and Ours Your Pa9e issue of the magazine. -618 slip a recent from address Durham Homer

Address changes cannot be made unless the old

Today's Family address as well as the new one is included.

Adventures in Wood, M. GarBook Arrangement, Louise Price

Bell..... 684 rett Enos....689 National Advertising Representatives

Hints....689 Nourishing Handy MoneyWise Desserts, Katherine Dissinger 685 How Can I get Along Better

Food for the Barn Dance 687 with My Brothers and Sisters? EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Homemakers'Bookrack 688 Rex A. Skidmore 690 San Francisco,Russ BuildingCalifornia

HENRY G. ESCHEN,

ies, Poetry EDWARD1324S. TOWNSENDWilshire Blvd.COMPANY

The Boy and the Web Nora Ann Richardson 636 SADLERLosANDAngelesSANGSTON17, CaliforniaASSOCIATES "As Unto the Bow"Part I Edith P. Christiansen 638 342 Madison Ave.

Included Out Winifred N* Jones 648 New York 17, N. Y.

SONS DAVIS & Poetry Page After Drought, Rain Alma RobiSt. LaSalle 30 N.

683 Dewhurst S. H. --622 Telltale, Higbee son wmmmCh\caaj tJ\tino\mimiii Sister Starts to Tall, School, Hazel M. Frontispiece: 628 A Boy Grown

Jane H. Merchant 627 Kerr -695 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OH RUGS- 0-0Up|RfaRW$ WAGJC

GLAMORENE

CARPET CLEANER Demanded by Housewives for instantEmergency and Overall Carpet Cleaning!

Everybody's using Glamorene—the exciting new carpet cleaning discovery you've been hearing so much about. Glamorene

s fast, effective, economical. Instantly removes grease, tar,

dirt, food, gum, crayon, soils. Your carpet becomes sparkling

clean—absolutely dry—ready to walk on in just minutes.

Excellent for professional results in wards, chapels, offices and industrial uses.

VACUUM OFK—CARPET'S CLEAN

LARGE ECONOMY size beautijOOBfc fully cleans four average 9x12 rugs $4.19

Specially developed REGULAR size, enough for two Glamorene RugBrush average 9x12 rugs $2.49 makes for perfect

results. Only

DEPT. HARDWARE 1.25 MI1665 Road or writePhone of for the name

Industrial 1109 P. O. Box Center Bennett—

nearestyour dealer. Glamorene 10, SALT LAKE CITY UTAH

SEPTEMBER 1952 621 PRESIDENIAL ELECTIONS IN THE U.S.A.

(Concluded from page 618) Twentieth Amendment, section 3, proParagraph 4 of Article II, section 1 vides the procedure: BALDWIN ELECTRONIC ORGAJSf states: If, at the time for the beginning of the

The Congress may determine the times termshall ofhavethe died,President,the VicePresident-electthe Presidentelect the the electors, of choosing and day on shall become President.

... votes. give their they shall which

The possibility that no president

Congress has named the first Tuesday shall have been duly elected by January after the first Monday in November of 20, another contingency, rests on the each quadrennium as the "time of fact that no nominee may have attained choosing the electors."Hence, we will the essential "266"votes in the electoral

go to the polls November 4, 1952, to decisions recorded on December 15, vote "in such manner as the legislature"1952, and that the House of Representaof our particular state has directed. tives (authorized to elect a president

Congress has also named the first Monin such circumstances) has been unable day after the second Wednesday in the to make its choice by January 20, 1953.

THESE BALDWIN December following as "the day on If an election should be "thrown"into shall give their votes."they which (Act the say), it requires House (as we DEALERS prior legis1934, 5, amending of June twentyfive votes of forty- (a majority

are ready to serve you lation.) This day falls on December eight) to elect a president. Each state

its matters, vote vote on such state's reprein your own vicinity. state15, 1952.code InrequiresUtah, Titlethat Utah's25-8-2 ofpresithe hasbeingonedetermined by the

Ask for a demonstration dential electors meet at the state capitol, sentatives. This circumstance has many

possibilities, the provihence atin noonthe officeof thisof day,the atSecretarywhich timeof State,they peculiarsion in the Twentieth Amendment:

UTAH tifywill thecast resultstheir officialto the presidentballots andof certhe If a President shall not have been chosen

LOGAN Senate "at the seat of the government"before the time fixed for the beginning of in Washington, D. C. The Utah law his term, or if the Presidentelect shall have

Valley Co. Music Cache failed to qualify, then the VicePresident- requires also on at noon them to meet North 1060 Main elect shall act as President until a President to fill ''the preceding"next business day

qualified; the have Congress and may in the vacancies group which any

case provide law the may shallby neither wherein for SALT LAKE CITY occurred since 4. Laws have November a Presidentelect VicePresident-elect a nor

PalmerWatkins-Clark in the other states govern procedure on shall have qualified, declaring who shall

Music Company the same day and issues. then act as President, or the manner in

60 East First South If a party nominee succumbs before which one who is to act shall be selected,

November 4, the national committee of and such person shall act accordingly until

SOUTHERN UTAH & NEVADA each party may (under its own rules) qualified.a President (Italicsor VicePresidentauthor's.) shall have

J. W. McAllister name a successor, or, decide to call a

St. George, Utah second convention for the purpose. Citizens of the American republic, as

If a nominee who captured a majorcitizens of other nations, can well afford ity of the necessary electors at the polls to study their basic constitutional law.

IDAHO inafterNovemberand beforeshouldJanuarysuccumb20, 1953,therethe Inshallpolitics,not be as"saved"in heavenin ignorance.or earth, we

BOISE Boise Music & Appliance Co.

211 North 8th Street

IDAHO FALLS RAIN AFTER DROUGHT

George R. Larsen

Idaho Falls, Idaho By Alma Robison Higbee

REXBURG lightning heat Sheet chased the land the shadows from knew months long two For R. Larsen George the lawn drought, and 35 College Avenue spoke a dotdash to the ground. message And the stalk, curled Till corn ribboned on

and night The sudden crystal wall of slanting rain

Brought no relief. A hot wind from the Filled all the earth and sky with rushing

south sound, the Curtained windowbarn and house and MONTANA breath. like The waning a dragon's Was pane light BUTTE cellotrees the studded with bending in the And shimmered mist that was day Of phane.

sight. Len Waters Music Company

119 North Main Street The corn roots drank the silver rainfall up,

Then all one night we heard the raincrow's The widebanked creek ran once more full

BILLINGS In dustycry willows, and when night was gone, A robinand camecool; to drink from a grassblade

Lindamood Music Company Thunder made hoarse talk, and thick cup, 224 North Broadway clouds piled up high, And the cows stood glistening in a dimpled

Sulphur pale and strange; and in the dawn pool.

622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:........,.-.......: '..-.;: '...

. Cincinnati i,ohio THE BALDWIN PIANO COMPANY

BUILDERS OF: BALDWIN GRAND PIANOS HAMILTON VERTICAL AND GRAND PIANOS

ACROSONIC SPINET PIANOS BALDWIN ELECTRONIC ORGANS

SEPTEMBER 1952 623 The Church Moves On A. Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

the chapel of the Riverton Branch -< h President David O. McKay marked

June 1952 (Montana), WestCentral States Mis- -* 'the end of his European tour by party a large garden attending given by of sion. Clark, Jr., J. Reuben

II at Elizabeth Buckingham Queen 29w thePresidentFirst Presidency the dedicated chapel of the Winder Ward, Oneida July 1952 Palace.

(Idaho) Stake.

Fielding President Smith Joseph A Girls'Elder I. A. the D. Moyle of Henry Brighton Coun- M. home 9 The ""of the dediof the Council Twelve 1 cil for of the dedicated season. the the chapel Twelve opened It is mainof the Lemhi Ward, Lost River (Idaho) tained and operated by twentyone Salt cated the chapel of the Fairbanks

Stake. Lake area, stake Young Women's Mu- (Alaska) Branch, Northwestern States

Elder LeGrand Richards of the Countual Improvement Associations. Mission. It is believed to be the northcil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel ernmost L. D. S. chapel in North Amerof the Twin Groves Ward, Yellowstone 9 It was announced that more than ica.

(Idaho) Stake. * fortysix tons of cut face stones, Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the CounElder LeGrand Richards of the Counoriginally part of the Nauvoo Temple, cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel

cil of the Twelve dedicated the bishops'and since then parts of other buildings of the Meridian Ward, Boise (Idaho) storehouse at Rexburg, Idaho. around Nauvoo, had been salvaged for Stake.

Bishop Carl W. Buehner of the Prefuture use by the Church, as the result

1 Salt Lake labors the Great Council, Boy workers of twentytwo of 9 siding Bishopric dedicated the chapel of of inaugurated the America, *- Scouts the Stake Chicago spent who recently of the Sandpoint (Idaho) Branch,

Spokane Stake. the day in beautifying the historic tem- "Festival of the Sea Gulls"at "This is

ple site. the Place"Monument. This will prob-

2 nw Thisthe LosweekAngelesundergroundTemple pipeis beingfor 9 Elder W. Cleon Skousen of the tionably withbecomethe aPioneeryearly Weekevent celebration.in conneclaid. ** faculty of Brigham Young UniverGeneral supervision of the festival is

sity began a series of addresses entitled under the direction of Utah Pioneer 2r The First Presidency announced "New Light on Old Problems"on the Trail and Landmarks Association.

v the appointment of Elder Junius Church Sunday evening hour over KSL. Brigham Young University's fourth

M. Sorensen as president of the Danish Anna Sophia Engman Anderson Merannual Canadian leadership week beMission. He succeeds President Edward rill, widow of Elder Marriner W. Mergan at Lethbridge, Alberta. It will

H. Sorensen. The new mission presirill, former member of the Council of conclude July 25.

dent filled a mission in Norway in the Twelve, died at her home in Rich1909-12. He has since filled five stake mond, Utah. 9 o President David O. McKay anmissions in three stakes in which he "* nounced from Glasgow, Scotland,

of department building n The resided. has and that site for obtained a the Church had

* safety of of the city Los Angeles Some of the activities planned for the construction of a temple in Europe the annual Old Folks'Day in Salt Lake issued the longawaited building permit at Berne, Switzerland.

City were cancelled because of rain. for the construction of the Los Angeles President David O. McKay and party

Temple. departed from Europe for the United

States.2 W companiedPresident Davidby PresidentO. McKay,Henry ac-A. q As the summer tourist season

Matis of the Finnish Mission, visited ** neared its peak, Temple Square

President O. David and 9 McKay 9 guides were entertaining estimated an President Juho K. Passikivi of Finland ""his party arrived in York City New six tourists daily. thousand eveEach at Helsinki.

ning an openair, illustrated lecture is from the successful European tour.

2qv catedPresidentthe chapelDavid O.of McKaythe Dahlemdedistatepresentedof Utah.about the Church and the nouncedBrighamthat Youngtwo hundredUniversityfifty thouan-

Branch in northwest Berlin, Germany. sand dollars is being spent before the

Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the The Salt Lake Tabernacle choir opening of the college year this fall. New

Council of the Twelve dedicated the IB and organ program completed its campus facilities include offices, laborajoint Irvington Ward chapelColumbia twentythird year of radio broadcasting tories, housing facilities, streets, curbing,

River (Oregon) Stake house. on the national networks. and classroom equipment—twentyeight

Elder David H. Yarn, Jr., concluded projects in all.

-j that servannounced was guide o It series his of radio addresses entitled *- "ice on the welfare square Church 9 A Colorful parades were held in in a of "Faith Unbelief"Day on the

Church Sunday evening radio hour over in Salt Lake City would begin Sunday, Salt Lake City and elsewhere comKSL. July 20, under the direction of Elder memorating the arrival of the Utah

Paul F. Royall and a group of guides pioneers.

q a President David O. McKay dediselected from nine participating stakes. "From Mountain to Valley,"a

w v cated the branch chapel at HanThe Sunday Schools now enrol 626,- pageant, was presented in the Salt Lake over. 418 members of the Church. There are Tabernacle. The program featured the

President Bruce R. McConkie of the 1672 Sunday Schools in the wards and music of Vivian Delia Chiesa, soprano

First Council of the Seventy dedicated 2076 home and branch Sunday Schools. (Continued on page 692)

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DARK CAN YOU THE

is the real villain in America's terrible tragedy "When will they do this nightlighting job on a bigWhoof traffic deaths—a tragedy that featured its scale, and not in just a few wideawake towns?"asks the

millionth victim last year? man who drives a car.

Reckless youth? Lax laws? Drunken driving? SpeedThat old taxpayers'devil—cost—has been the big

ing? hurdle, as local municipal officials can tell you. There is some evidence that darkness—just plain darkness—is more to blame than any of these. In a ConnectRealizing this, General Electric has thrown research and engineering talent against that problem—and has

icut area, for instance, where 182 pedestrians were killed made some encouraging discoveries in lamp and lightat night in two years, 179 were killed on poorly lighted fixture efficiency.

streets.

Take the case of Kansas City. In cooperation with their

Cities across the country have already been doing something about it—lighting their killer corners, illuminating local power and light company, they decided to fight traftheir deathtrap streets. fic deaths with light. Now they have beforeand-after cost

What happened? figures.

Salt Lake City cut night deaths 92% in one area; Grand Read this one slowly. Their annual lighting bill was

Rapids 78%; Bridgeport 93%; Houston 80%; Los An- $640,000 in 1940. Now, with four times the light, the bill

geles 91%. is $615,000. And the nightto-day death ratio dropped from

Hartford relit 10 miles of poorly lighted streets and 9 to 1, to less than 2 to 1.

dropped the ratio of night deaths to day deaths from 9 to When that news gets around properly, you'll see more 1, to 0.2 to 1. action in American cities.

Detroit attacked a dangerous area with better lighting It isn't only in street lighting that General Electric enand reduced the ratio from 7 to 1, to 1.6 to 1. gineers put their heads together with city officials to make

In Syracuse one test area showed 28 less accidents in things better for taxpayers. It's happening in problems of

three months. water shortage, waste disposal, traffic control, factory and

The savings in property and man hours more than paid home modernization, and in all the ways electricity can for the lighting costs. It is estimated that good street lightadd to productivity.

ing could save the nation $1,450,000,000 a year—and the It's hard to write a definition of the American way. It's

savings in human happiness are incalculable! easy to find examples.

oa can ibtence in.

GENERAL ELECTRIC

SEPTEMBER 1952 625 New Members of Our Family

Keeping pace with its growing student body and increasing its service to the

Church and the world, Brigham Young University has added a new School of

Nursing and a Department of Engineering Sciences.

The Nursing School will use the clinical facilities of L.D.S. and other hospitals,

and the program leads to a bachelor of science degree. For information write

Miss Vivian Hansen, director.

The new Department of Engineering Sciences offers degrees in accoustical, chemical, civil, electrical and geological engineering. For information write

Dean George Ff. Hansen.

Registration is September 26. New Students should apply NOW.

Brigham Young University P R O V O UTAH 626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph by Don Knight

Jane H. Merchant A Boy Grown Tall By

H e climbed the steepest hilltops

That surge against the skies, A boy grown tall on laughter, With summer in his eyes.

Too speedily, too swiftly, His earthly summit won, He climbed the final mountain That leans against the sun.

But, oh, when skies are laughing,

I think I see him still, Standing, tall as summer, On this steep hill.

SEPTEMBER 1952 627 PLOWING FOR WINTER WHEAT ASPIRANT AUTUMN

By Alma Robison Highee By Elaine V. Emans By Rowena Cheney

Thebrown,land was a checkerboard of green and I wantThe wayto senda treemydoesrootsintodeepthe intoearth,living,and Thesememberare the moments we two shall reAnd there was the thermody of the thrush's tap These are the days we shall always recall:

song. My sustenance from the heart of it, forWonderful, mystical, magic September,

Over all the bowl of lapis sky bent down giving Painting the earth with the pigments of fall.

And the wind sowed samples of a spicy The sky for a lack of rain. I want to clap Clothing the meadows with ripening grasses,

tang. My hands in storms, in a kind of rugged Cooling the grapes on the purpling vine,

Only dark leaves stirred, for tranquillity glee, Decking the hills with incredible masses a against its the wind design the way stand the morning'sLaid brow; asters palm upon And and tree Of sumac—mosaic

never but or bend, night yet and day, and glorious; sturdyIn the goldenrod, lowland thing, and Does with no moving Lighted

Against the cool blue backdrop of sky break. Challenging time and postponing the hour

A man with horse and plow in silhouette I want to cast a cooling shade for more When winter, the conqueror, pale but vicCarved Adam's image on the face of day. Than one lifeweary traveler, whether I take torious,

The tree's green way of doing it, or a score Cancels all color, as proof of his power.

Of other ways. I want content to weave

ANNIVERSARY Her nest within my heart, and never leave. These are the scenes we have tinged with

our laughter;

By Ora Pate Stewart They will return, like a bright cavalcade... and remaining IF I WERE A SKYWRITER Marching through snow

Borne on the autumn wind my thoughts long after are turning By Edna Hamilton As rainbows of memory, never to fade.

Back to another autumn, long ago

Oh,.the heartbreaking smell of brown leaves I could fly

IF burning up in the sky, WHEAT FIELD"Little lost lives,"we said, and mourned write I would so. them high very boldly,

Pearl Jones Pamelia By long, letters in air; step the inlaying theAcrid cushioned so, or yards four breezes meet all, where ocean lushness, patterned brocade golden overWith I the want word

row, leaves, in the decayingAcorns in ripples, and maple row on Bending to know. the world A

fall. of as carpet aVelvet wheat? magic beautiful is so What

is low. the sun of bronze when Acres

lines In flowing allThere, the harvest golden with moon flock, for the hungry flood golden A release I would seeing, air, sunlit in shadow Light and love most, the tree, word weLike in a great owl high a naked shock, is in of wheat bounty picture A blessed Peace! agreeing, to witness our heaven's wordsAs all share. that harvest of may PromiseWe pledged our love for all eternity.

pages, the turn back wind, autumnO FIRST CRICKET browning THE PLUS INGREDIENT leaves turned yellowLike the weight with Marie Davis Dorothy By of age, Hackett Eloise Wade By if see our love the crownhave kept sitsAnd we stage he the empty Upon ing cello. his of flour, tunes cup her off He measured And

of single page. everyBeatitude bits practise to harder Begins more, it is no to her, flour no JaneAndlevels

Of summer symphony, less.

With art his only recompense. Something to mix with yeast and make an

OF GREATER WORTH He seeks the richest tone hour waits the tardy And the bread box threatens emptiaudience Whenever By Eleanor Nadeau Fowler alone. orchestra And ness.

his scuffed shoe, ragged seed, recalls theJohnny days on baking Anne

Deliberately lagging. the hour April, in and wheat sprouting choice MIRAGE The Silence been his have would still she of hand Busy Of harvest.When other boys were bragging. By Olive May Cook knead can

using into bread seasons when Whole catcher's mitt."a got me"Dad the blazing has claimed west crimson flour.

is The bike a honey!"new"My sun.

to horse,"I'm going saddle have a far horizon the I watch is Drowsily better? can say. the baking None Whose lots of has'Cause money."Dad shifts to desert's the scene twilight content. As equally are families vast Their

Johnny spoke, low and ashamed, Rolling sand dunes—a Joshua tree with outYet Anne's life is more flavorful—each day

"My Daddy took me fishing."stretched arms, Spiced with imagination's condiment.

And all the boys regarded him Grotesque at times; but now

soothing haunting,Silently—and wishing. A changing to roam the Me sanctitysands—callingthat beckonsme On to painted clouds that fringe the great ON THE SPOT

WIND CLOUDS DeepOn wingssilenceofof sleepit all. I scan the dimming By Caroline E. Kempa

trails Billie Walcher By... of ants ivy poison and all starlight, rekindle blooms, Cactus my Pll

hivy! to the spot purpleshaded the to make Just me go beyond banners, rainbow waving on high, EagernessLike rise glare rocks hills. up and Sharpedged these colored ribbons Are

... bare. toes pink so and At my sky: the eveningIn

I distaste in vision's as shudder to I try fading But fast the hold Awake!

Streamers of rose, gold, purple hue, call And hurry past this barren waste,

Sky ribbons, flung across As lacy birch tree branches caress my garden My husband (brainy? No, he's not!)

The windswept blue. wall. Cries "Ah! A perfect picnic spot!"

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SS&SSiJSSSSi

by President David O. McKay

The Nearness of Our Father

iiW\ ut if from thence thou shalt seek the Lord If our young people will have this faith and [| thy God, thou shalt find him, if thou so approach their Father in heaven, there are seek him with all thy heart and with all at least four great blessings that will come to thy soul. them here and now: The first is gratitude.

"When thou art in tribulation, and all these Their souls will be filled with thanksgiving for things are come upon thee, even in the latter what God has done for them. They will find

days, if thou turn to the Lord thy God and themselves rich in favors bestowed. The young

shall be obedient unto his voice; man who closes the door behind him, who

"(For the Lord thy God is a merciful God;) draws the curtains, and there in silence pleads

he will not forsake thee, neither destroy thee, with God for help, should first pour out his nor forget the covenant of thy fathers which soul in gratitude for health, for friends, for he sware unto them."(Deut. 4:2931.) loved ones, for the gospel, and for the maniThere are unnumbered manifestations of the festations of God's existence. He should first

nearness of the Lord and of his guiding hand. 'count his many blessings, name them one by

And when we seek him with all our souls, he one, and it will surprise him what the Lord comes to our guidance and assistance. He is has done.'

in very deed our Father in heaven. He is not The second blessing of prayer is guidance.

just an intangible power, a moral force in the I cannot conceive a young man's going astray world, but a personal God with creative powwho will kneel down by his bedside in the ers, the Governor of the world, the Director of morning and pray to God to help him keep our souls. himself unspotted from the sins of the world.

I am grateful for the sweet assurance that I think that a young girl will not go far wrong

God is my Father, and I should like to have who will kneel down in the morning and pray the youth of Israel feel so close to him that they that she might be kept pure and spotless during will approach him daily, not in public alone, the coming day. I cannot think that a Latterbut in private. I would have them have the day Saint will hold enmity in his heart if he

trust in him which the little blind girl had in will sincerely, in secret, pray God to remove her father. She was sitting on his lap in the from his heart all feelings of envy and malice

train, and a friend sitting by said: "Let me rest toward any of his fellow men. Guidance?

you,"and he reached over and took the little Yes, God will be there to guide and direct him child on his lap. The father said to her: "Do who "will seek him in faith with all his might

you know who is holding you?""No,"she and with all his soul."

replied, "but you do."The third blessing is confidence. All over

O the trust of that child in her father! She this land there are thousands and tens of thouknew she was safe because he knew who was sands of students who are struggling to get

holding her. Just so real should be the trust an education. Let us teach these students that

which our boys and girls have in their Father if they want to succeed in their lessons, they in heaven. should seek their God; that the greatest teacher

Like Benjamin Franklin: "The longer I live (Concluded on following page)

the more convincing proofs I see... that God

governs in the affairs of men. And if a sparrow

cannot fall to the ground without his notice, is it possible that an empire can rise without his aid?"(Documentary History of the Constitution of the United States, III, p. 236.)

.p&pwf&rg

SEPTEMBER 1952 629 THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Continued from preceding page) give you help in time of need, and give you comknown to the world stands near to guide them. fort and strength, if you will approach him in

Once the student feels that he can approach the purity, simplicity, and faith:

Lord through prayer, he will receive confidence that he can get his lessons, that he can write his The builder who first bridged Niagara's gorge, speech, that he can stand up before his fellow Before he swung his cable, shore to shore, students and deliver his message without fear of Sent out across the gulf his venturing kite

Bearing a slender cord for unseen hands failure. Confidence comes through sincere

cliff, and draw prayer. To grasp upon the further

yet; Finally, he will get inspiration. It is not A greater cord, and a greater

imagination that we can approach God and can 'Till at the last across the chasm swung The cable—then a mighty bridge in air! receive light and guidance from him, that our

minds will be enlightened, our souls thrilled by So we may send out little timid thought his spirit. Washington sought it; Lincoln received Across the void, out to God's reaching hands

it; Joseph Smith knew it; and the testimony, the Send out our love and faith to thread the deep,

Thought after thought until the little cord evidence of the Prophet Joseph's inspiration is manifest to all who will but open their eyes to see Has greatened to a chain no chance can break, are anchored to the Infinite! and their hearts to understand. And—we

Markham God bless you, our youth, today, wherever you—Edwin

"Anchored to the Infinite"are. So long as you will keep yourselves pure and

spotless from the sins of the world, and prayerGod bless you, our youth, that you may send fully and earnestly keep close to your Father in out your thoughts in prayer and faith and receive heaven, his spirit will guide you and magnify you the assurance that you are anchored to the in your youth and make you a power on the earth Infinite, in God our Father and his holy Son, the for good. Your Father in heaven is ever ready to Redeemer of the world.

HAS MATERIALISM FAILED?

ore than sixty years ago when I was a young by John A. Widtsoe

college student, I found myself under the tuition of men who were great in their reOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE M spective fields but who held the belief that everything in nature could be explained through a knowledge of matter, forces, and energy. In Evidences

fact I recall that in one of the classes, at least, we AND were constantly referred to a book bearing this title, Energy of Matter and Form. Reconciliations

excellent their in professions, These men, had CLXIX belief ageold given man's that the universe up and all in it are overshadowed by a greater power whom we call God. They no longer had faith in

God. To them there was no God. This represcientific man employs as he collects fact after

sented a period in our history when materialism fact, is used in proving the existence of the ruling ruled the minds of many learned men. It was power of the universe, who is God.

not a happy period for it left existence without any First of all, the ultimate explanation of the purpose or plan. phenomenon of nature has not been fathomed.

Now, as I look back over the decades since my It is generally agreed that it cannot be fathomed early freshman days, I note that materialism except by the existence of an intelligence much among men of serious scientific study has gradsuperior to that of man. Man is still playing on

ually faded away. It has not satisfied the the outskirts of eternal learning.

longings of mankind. Man has been glad to One is reminded of the story of an ancient phireturn to the simple belief that there is a God who losopher who walking along the seashore, saw a

reigns in the heavens and on earth. young man digging a hole in the sand and careIn my own case, when materialism began to fully carrying out cup by cup the water that

cover my student days, the sun seemed to grow seeped into the hole. When the philosopher

dark, and only after I returned to my faith in God, asked the child what he was doing, the child did life become worth while again. answered calmly, "I am trying to empty the

There are now very few men of learning who ocean."The philosopher caught the idea, and

refuse to accept the doctrine of the existence of many a man since his day has caught the same

God. The very method of reasoning that the idea. The increase in knowledge is but a glass

<530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA full of water compared with the immensity of central force and gives light within the universe.

the ocean. This thought driven into the minds Thus, facing the inability of the human mind to

of seekers after truth has done much to lead the fathom ultimate principles of existence, the recseeker after truth to a knowledge of God. ognition of the apparent, purposeful order that

The faith of early days has regained new life. runs through all existence, the vast majority of

There is a superb order in the universe. Things students of nature have laid by the old doctrine

do not just happen, but from the tiniest electron of materialism conceived in the early sproutings to the greatest star there is a regularity of motion of science and restored again in their minds the and permanent form of existence. Associated necessity for belief in God, the God of the heavens

with this observation is the evident purpose that and earth without whose intelligent direction runs through the universe. No matter where one there would be only chaos in the world.

turns, this purpose seems to be evident. The This thought might well be elaborated upon, for

order of the universe itself is but an explanation a thousand evidences point to the same concluof this higher purpose that radiates from some sion: There is a God under whose will we live.

CavtallLaviauiu by Richard L. Evans

"W/e hold these truths to be selfevident, that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator

with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life,

liberty, and the pursuit of happiness."1 This now immortal

phrase subscribed to by the founding fathers in 1776 brings before us the question: What is the meaning of equality as

applied to people? Does it mean that all men shall be alike?

Does it mean that all men shall be arbitrarily propped up or pushed down to a common plane? Does it mean that men

shall be arbitrarily restrained from using the full effectiveness of the gifts and talents and ability and capacity that the Lord

God has given them—to preserve the semblance of a sameness? Does it mean that idleness and indolence shall be

arbitrarily rewarded with that for which there is no willingness to work or no disposition to develop? Surely there must

be equality in the right to voice our views; equality in the

right of worship and in the right to work; equality at the

ballot box; equality before the law?—an equality not withheld

from the humble, not denied the needy or the minority; but

not the socalled kind of "equality"that would retard willing men to the pace of the unwilling; not the kind of equality that

would arbitrarily impede progress or impoverish people to satisfy the demands of an unnatural formula. No doubt all

the trees in the forest fundamentally have equal rights and privileges. But they don't all grow to the same height, and

would it not seem foolish to cut the tall trees down to the height of the shorter ones? And would it not seem just as

foolish to pull up the short trees to the height of the tall ones?

If we did, it would mean their uprooting, and there they would wither, as all things do unless they grow up themselves from their own roots. Whatever else it means, equality must mean opportunity for each man to reach for and to

rise to those heights to which his energies and abilities and talents and willingness will take him—which is the essence

—Photo by Lil and Al Bloom of progress and productivity and of the blessed freedom

which brings immeasurable benefits to all. Equality which

Hall, PhilaIndependence delphia, where "freedom once means less than this is not equality at all—but something that

rang clear."falls far short.*

declaration of Independence.

*Revised.

Jke Spoken lAJord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, JUNE 29, 1952 SEPTEMBER 1952 Copyright, 1952 631

A new era in Church history begins as

President David 0. McKay

Visits Europe

by Doyle L. Green, managing editor

President McKay arand riving at airport in Albert L. Zobell, Jr., research editor Denmark, Copenhagen,

June 14, 1952.

Therememberedsummer ofand1952heldwillsacredlong bybe realizebers of thetheimportanceChurch everywhereof temple workwho

Latterday Saints. Future generacan understand the significance of the

tions looking back on this summer announcement that a temple site has will recall it as the beginning of a been selected in Europe; and that

new era in the history of the Church. work on the construction of the temSuch is the import of the two ple will be pushed ahead as rapidly

months'visit made to Europe during as possible. What lies ahead can be

June and July, 1952, by David O. gleaned from the further announceMcKay, President of the Church of ment that this is but the first temple

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. to be built in Europe.

Only the European Saints, who in President McKay, with his party the long history of the Church have which included his wife, Emma Ray been blessed with visits of but two Riggs McKay; their son, David Lawother Presidents, 1 President Joseph F. rence McKay, second assistant general

Smith in 1906 and President Heber superintendent of the Deseret Sunday

J. Grant in 1937, can fully realize School Union; and his wife, Mildred

the extent of the comfort, guidance, C. McKay of the Primary General

and inspiration President McKay Board, flew the Atlantic Ocean on brought to the Saints in a troubled June 1. During the following fifty

Europe through his visit. But memdays President McKay visited ten missions and nine countries, addressed

'All the Presidents of the Church, save the Prophet

Joseph Smith, have labored in Europe while they fortyfive meetings, dedicated five were members in opening newofthemissionsCouncilor of presidingthe Twelve,over eitherthe chapels, selected the temple site in

European Mission. Berne, Switzerland, held numerous

conferences with mission presidents;

Margrit Scheck and Lilli Staub present visited with Queen Juliana of the

President and Sister David O. McKay Netherlands, the President of Finwith flowers gathered on Alpine peaks in land, and several American ambassaSwitzerland. dors; and attended a royal garden

party given at Buckingham Palace by Queen Elizabeth II of Great

Britain.

Returning to Salt Lake City by train the evening of July 26, President and Sister McKay were met at the depot by some fifteen hundred persons, many of whom were recent immigrants to Utah, dressed for the occasion in colorful costumes of their native lands, the countries which the

President of the Church had just visited. As President McKay stepped

from the train, the vast congregation sang the hymn, "We Thank Thee, O

God, For a Prophet."

Notwithstanding the strenuousness of the trip, President McKay appeared to be in radiant health and enthusiastically reported on the success of the tour.

Everywhere he saw evidence of growth of the Church and felt that the Church was in a healthier condition than it was when he presided over the European Mission in 1922.

Some of his reports on the trip follow:

Spiritual Conditions: The people

of Europe are yearning for something real and spiritually uplifting in religion. Growing spirituality among

members of the Church is indicated by the development of stronger leadership among European Saints who are assuming more and more responsibilities.

Growth of Church: Progress in Group which greeted President McKay and party on arrival in Copenhagen,

every mission in Europe is apparent. Denmark.

The growth of the Finnish Mission is particularly impressive.

Missionaries: In all missions the

missionaries are doing work of which we can be proud; in all lands they

are winning the respect and admiration of the people through their lives and their teachings. Their conduct

and devotion, their faith and integrity strengthened President McKay's faith in the youth of the Church. There

is a great need for more missionaries.

Every mission is calling for more missionaries to fill vacancies occurring now that releases are frequent among the first postwar missionaries.

Mission Presidents: The growth of

the Church and the advancement in the missions reflect excellent leadership. Mission presidents are doing a President McKay and party with some of the servicemen in attendance at the

magnificent job. Paris conference.

Servicemen: Activities of L.D.S.

servicemen are particularly impresBerne, Switzerland, where new temple site has been selected.

sive. They are attending meetings

wherever possible and hold their own meetings with the same zeal as missionaries.

Attitude Toward the Church:

The wall of prejudice against Mormonism is crumbling everywhere. On

all hands the Church is highly regarded.

Proselyting: Improved methods

of proselyting is one of the contributing factors in the improved conditions in the missions.

Chapels: Places of meeting have

been greatly improved over what they were when he presided over the

European Mission twentynine years ago. In Great Britain, for example,

the Church has obtained twenty -three meetinghouses of its own. Even in

SEPTEMBER 1952 633 by missionaries behind the Iron Curvide ordinances and blessings which tain, a gift from the Church. have never before been made availOne of the most impressive events able in Europe. The new temple in

of the entire European visit was a Berne will not be an expensive one.

meeting with thirtyseven local misIt will, in reality, be the first of a sionaries from the Russian zone who new style of temple buildings. It

attended meetings in Berlin. A large will, however, adequately serve the

number of members of the Church needs of the people in providing all from the same zone attended meetthe temple ordinances.

ings at great personal sacrifice. The announcement that a temple

Through the cooperation of officials site has been obtained in Europe was of the American radio station RIAS not wholly unexpected. For some

in Berlin, President McKay sent time it has been felt that many of the greetings and blessings to the Saints recent emigrants from Europe, espebehind the Iron Curtain in a halfcially among the older age groups, hour interview. would have been happier had they

Temples: One of the steps which had a temple in Europe whereby

will contribute to the stability and they could perform the sacred ordigrowth of the Church in Europe is nances for themselves and for their the decision to build temples to prokindred dead, rather than to have to come to America for this privilege.

President McKay reading from Sir There has been some concern, too,

Walter Scott's "Lady of the Lake"on the to give these good people the endowshores of Loch Lomond, Scotland, with ment in their native tongue. 2

Ben Lomond in background.

Nearly a half century ago the President and Sister McKay at the misSaints in Europe were first favored sion home in London, England. V by a visit from a President of the

F. Smith. Der Stern, Church—Joseph

the periodical of the Germanspeaking

Finland the Church owns a number missions of the Church, carefully of chapels. One of the great needs preserved the remarks of President

in the missions is for more and betSmith as he stood in the pulpit at ter chapels. This is a challenge that

must be met if the Church is going ministering2Although theto Churchthe Polynesianhas had thepeoplesHawaiianand Templeothers to make the most of its splendid opsincethere, itsanddedicationperhaps inelsewhere,1919, andpartsduringof thethat templetime, portunities in those countries. serviceit was havenot untilbeen 1946giventhatin thea nonEnglishcomplete endowmentlanguage,

Socialism: Compared with the EngwasArizonagivenTemple,in a especially"foreign"fortongue:the SaintsSpanish,of Spanishat the

land of twentynine years ago, this Americannual eventextraction.at Mesa. This service has become an angreat country is suffering from the

blight of Socialism. He is more convinced than ever that "we want no McKay'sBirthdayseventyfifthdinner in birthday,honor ofJuneSister23,

socialism in the United States."1952, at the mission home in Helsinki,

The Iron Curtain: The Church Finland.McKay, MildredSeated: PresidentMcKay, McKay,Mae Matis.Sister

has eight thousand five hundred Standing: Elder Carl Wilcox, President

members in the Russian zone of McKay,Henry A.ElderMatis,WilliamElderBoran.David Lawrence

Germany, behind the Iron Curtain.

American missionaries cannot enter this zone, so all missionary work is carried on by local fulltime and parttime missionaries. The Book of

Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants are permitted behind the Iron Curtain, as is the Bible, but no other

Church literature is made available to missionaries or members of the

Church in the Russian zone of Germany. Copies of Der Stern, the

Church publication in German, have been admitted to the Russian zone in

Austria. A single copy of the Book of

Mormon costs the equivalent of three and onehalf days of labor behind the

Iron Curtain. Arrangements were

made for furnishing eight hundred copies of the Book of Mormon for use

Berne, Switzerland, August 19, 1906.

Said President Smith:

"I believe, that among those who bear this high office, I am the first to visit our foreign missions. But

the time will come, when the President of the Church of Jesus Christ President and of Latterday Saints will have more Sister McKay leisure to visit the branches of the beingby youngwelcomedGerdivers countries where the gospel is man member being preached; the time will come, in Hamburg,

Germany.perhaps not in my days nor in this

generation, when temples of God, which are dedicated to the holy ordinances of the gospel and not to the worship of idols, will be erected in the divers countries of the earth. For

this gospel must be spread over all the world, until the knowledge of

God covers the earth as the waters the great depths."(Translated from President McKay in front of the AdDer Stern, volume 38, p. 332.) ministrationStockholm, Sweden.Building, Bromma Airport,

Amplifying his Glasgow announcement, concerning the temple, President-McKay explained: The location of this, the first tem-

"Located in an area just now being ple to be announced in the Eastern subdivided and built up within the hemisphere, is a happy choice. The

city limits of Berne, the temple site Swiss have long been known as a will include three and onehalf acres. peaceful, Godloving people, and

It is on high ground, just at the end Switzerland as a nation of culture.

of a streetcar line in the southeast Switzerland was one of the first nasection of the city, just a short distions of continental Europe to receive tance from a main highway."the missionaries of the restored gospel.

President McKay spoke of obstacles In 1850, Elder Lorenzo Snow, then of overcome in paving the way for obthe Council of the Twelve and later taining the ground and indicated the fifth President of the Church, that word of the Berne city council's while laboring as a missionary in approval of a temple at that location Italy, sent one of his companions, reached him only an hour before his Elder Thomas B. H. Stenhouse, into

plane left the Glasgow airport for Switzerland to open a mission there.

the United States. In April 1851 the Millennial Star announced that Elder Stenhouse had

made some converts. His labors were

Jimmy Hunter presenting President principally confined to Geneva and with a traveling rugMcKay as a gift of Lausanne, and by 1852 he had bapScotland, dedication.the Edinburgh,

tized twenty converts.

A check of the membership of the various missions in Europe reveals that over half of the members on record on December 31, 1951, were from the three Germanspeaking missions.

To those who know and love the mountains of the Rocky Mountain

West, perhaps it seems right that a temple is to be built in mountainous Switzerland. Berne is picturesquely situated on a sandstone bluff, just

1788 feet above sea level. Similar

to Nauvoo, the site of the second temple built in this dispensation by the Church, cradled in a horseshoe bend of the Mississippi, the city of

(Continued on page 658) "She saw him beside the creek, battered lunch pail to one side, watching something in the water with wholly absorbed interest..."

artha wiped the steamed winthing else, completely forgetful of his grace! She'd see to it that he got to

dow glass and watched as first task. school on time as he was supposed to.

Darcy scuffed across the yard Young Martha Reed took her own She'd just take him by the arm and leftM his lunch pail. Surely, she responsibilities very seriously. More march him right along and—sheswinging

worried, he'll be on time this mornso than ever, since that telegram four the thought uncompleted as she ing. Goodne:3 knows, a brisk walk years ago, and the sobering knowlstrode along through the soft early

would take anyone to the schooledge she'd have to go it alone. A morning autumn. The shortcut to

house in twenty minutes, let alone fine, hardworking little woman, the the county road lay through the the hour start she was giving him this neighbors nodded approvingly. No woods, and she went carefully over

morning. nonsense about Martha. It was a the narrow, pineneedly -covered trail,

She frowned as she returned to reputation in which she took pride. mildly surprised at the mellow wood

bouncing the wooden dasher in the And what, she wondered, would scents she'd forgotten in these past old crockery churn. Of course, Darcy Darcy's reputation be someday? busy months.

school, late She saw him beside the creek, batwas hardly seven, and yet—well, it "Late to school, late to

wasn't too soon to think about moldto school,"the dasher said. tered lunch pail at one side, watching

ing his character. He was a good On sudden impulse, she snatched something in the water with wholly

little fellow, but there was such a her big straw hat and ran across the absorbed interest. Exasperation rose

lackadaisicalness about him. Start yard, scattering the lazy red hens in in her, as she went to grab him.

him on a chore, and it wasn't any her hurry. Late every single day this A footfall betrayed her, and he

time at all before he'd be at someweek! Why, it was actually a disturned his round, snubbynosed face

the WEB The BOY and by Nora Ann Richardson

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA towards her. The shock of rustHere is a heartwarming story of a boy who

brown hair was in his eye again. He was always late for school, and a loving

was an odd little miniature of his father. mother who followed him one morning and

"Sh!"Darcy said, "look!"found out why.

There was movement in the underbrush across the creek, and a muskrat swam out to eye them curiously.

"Ho, you,"Darcy called. "Whatof China as a land of magic, of beautrembled; the spider rushed out, but

it remained.cha catch this morning?"tiful ladies in brocades and satins, and now

strange dark men who ran about "The spiders eat flies, and the frogs coasted animal turned and The... eat the the snakes spiders eat and upside down.

leisurely to place its hiding back on as soberly, explained frogs,"he little ants; things, carryfunny The bank.the opposite

thoughts. her understanding though -sized ing crumbs, hurrying mountain

"I see everyday,"he explained, him history, nat'chrul "That's Mom."... this senselessly so that and way

if matter. theas that ended "Someseat said, her she from "Yes,"on of the roundeyed unaware humans

I toss pebblestimes swims and it is."All part log. "I suppose the fantastically forof the... immense

it's likeover, sorta a and hegame—

silent, that struggle of unseen the est silence. heavy, and its somnolent

his at glance not mother wasThe forest in the day by and on went first. stood Darcy It was up who ofentirely approving. scared "He's to for past eons come and those night else to you, something "Got show like don'tyou, though. grownHe she of tumult, pattern the yet sensing of her ahead on Mom."He wentups."

to the almostclearing where a pine felt unaccountably at peace. The

"Doesn't he, though! Well, I had fallen last year and was beginother, older Darcy came into her

think we'd better pick up our lunch ning its slow, moldering dissolution. thoughts, and she remembered a sumpail, Darcy Reed, and get along to with mer day spent wooded him on a "Over here in these bushes, Mom."school!"hillside. the remembered She

"Oh—school. Well, s'long, Mom."his dark hair fell unheeded over wayone

"I'll just go along a stretch, young gray eye, and his deep, thoughtful man."The lecture she'd planned voice as his finger drew a small recwouldn't materialize. tangle in the path. If we knew this

"Aw, Mom..."he trudged along single foot of earth, he'd said, we

beside her, up and along the pinewould know 'most all the universe.

fragrant path. It was pleasant in the There came the distant tolling of

forest, Martha was forced to admit, a bell, and she wondered absently scarcely aware she was walking more what it might be.

slowly. So long since she'd walked Darcy gave a small cry. "Gee,

for its sake alone. There was always Mom, the school bell!"

so much to do; the chicks in the "Hurry,"she cried, shoving the

brooder house, the three cows, the lunch pail at him. "Oh, darling, run

skimming, and cooling, and cleaning... you're going to be late again!"

up, and churning....

She watched the small puffs of dust

Suddenly she realized her son as he came to the county road, and wasn't beside her. raced away around the turn.

"Darcy! Darcy Reed!"She walked slowly back and sat

She turned, and saw him a dozen on the log. The spider was gone;

paces back, squatting on his haunches, the fly was gone; the web was as it

his head low over the path. She went had been—silvery with dew.to him. "What in the world—She caught her breath at sight of If we knew this single foot of earth.

Martha stared at the ground. A the web, glistening with sunlight,... Dear God, she thought, let him

few shiny black ants traveled up and patterned with perfect delicacy. grow up to be just the same.

down imperceptible highways, meet- "Now you watch, Mom."He tossed She smiled to herself as gentle fraing, touching, and hurrying on again. a rolledup leaf so that it hung, grance warmed with the gathering

Darcy drew a twig across the ant breezetrembling, on the silvery tracday. "You're just natural history,"

trail, and watched as the insects scuring. she said to the unseen spider. Like

ried around in sudden panic. "It's Martha opened her mouth, then herself, a fragment caught up in tuan earthquake,"he announced. closed it. A brown spider danced as multuous life.

"Run fast, little ants, it's an earthdown a tightrope. It paused motionBut there's a difference, she

quake. Just like China,"he said sudless, then turned and worried the bit thought, starting back towards home

denly to Martha. of green until it tumbled reluctantly towards her butter churn, the chickLike China? She pondered that from the net. ens, and cows. There are so many

while he opened his lunch pail, crum- "He likes flies,"Darcy 's hand small, unnoticed victories that, added bled part of a sandwich for the ants, flashed in the air near the log; he together, can make one's life a song

and absently munched the remainbrought it close to the web, and reof triumph. And today, perhaps, I

der. As a small girl, she had thought leased the insect. Again the tracery have had my own small victory....

SEPTEMBER 1952 637 Typical of the view along the coast towns of Norway is this panorama of Trondheim.

Picking up the basket, well filled with all the good things a boy likes to eat, she closed the kitchen door "As Unto The Bow..."

and stepped out onto the freshly by Edith P. Christiansen scrubbed porch. Canute, hearing her,

jumped up from the bottom step, a

Part I broad grin on his handsome face.

"Happy birthday, my sweet son,"she said, placing the basket the on is, the unto the cord "As bow for little Peter, son, Canute, had made step giving the and is boy a tender the unto So woman; man it tightly, clasped slow, the unshe she him, bends Though obeys she kiss. hadn't forgotten tothat "You

tears accustomed him, rolled unnoticed thirteenth day is the of May, your Though cheek. her fair she draws him, yet she down birthday, follows; had you?"

Useless each without the other!"She knelt by the rocking chair, "No, Mother,"he replied.

Longfellow, Hiawatha, Part 10, burying her head in the plumped

I, 1. pillows, while the racking sobs shook "Well, while I was washing, you

her body. After a few minutes she skipped out of the house so quickly

dried her eyes on her apron and, to help your father with the chores that if you'd I wondered remembered she her head, bowing prayed: "DearThethe snowwhitebreeze of thecurtainsupstairsrippledbedroomin the surprise I have for you it. Now Lord, please to strength leave give me

of the log house. white hewn The is that going with you up I am this lovely that hushome my belovedshutters well fastened against were to the release mountains built has I into for me, band and that

the wall so that the breeze could have tried to keep with loving pride, the flock and help you herd the as flappingnot flap them, the it was it is animals today, since your so that I will not dear sadden mysnowwhite the line, drying on wash birthday. get Then, when we home for heart, husband's well he knows

in the early morning sun. how I love this home. Lord, make this evening and your father gets

Young Herborg Johnson rushed up me brave that I may appear to be home, we will have your birthday the stairs to close the window. She lighthearted about going, for he dinner together."

let it down carefully, rearranging the thinks it will better our condition "Good, Mother, but are you sure soft folds of the curtains with tenderto sell and move, and bless us, Lord, it won't be too far for you to walk?"

ness and care. that it will be.""No, Son, each mile will be a

She looked around the room. Trying to muster a brave smile, pleasure with such a fine birthday

Everything was in immaculate order, she went down the steps, dreading boy for company. I've been planning

but still she went to the bed and the task of telling little Canute about and wanting to go with you into the smoothed the white bedspread. Pickthe contemplated move as she well mountains for weeks, and today is

ing up the little carved wooden deer realized that he was as fond of this such a beautiful day, it will be a from the dresser that her husband, home as she herself was. picnic for us both."

638 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA With the basket between them, the God good to us to let us be born in there to picnic with our friends? Do

two picnickers started up the long this beautiful country?"you remember how you and the other

trail to the flat plateau where Canute "Yes, Mother, he is most kind to children loved to play and roll in went daily to herd the flock of sheep us. I am glad that we have flocks the tall, soft grass?"

and goats. to tend because I love coming up "Yes, I remember even the time

"Yes, my Canute, today, May 13, here each day in these beautiful when I was about four years old, is one of the very happiest days mountains to tend them. I love that and we went there on a picnic, and

of my life, the day you were born to more than anything else; of course, I cried because my cousin pulled my

us in 1824. You were such a won- I like to fish in these streams a little curls so hard. You saved the lock

derful baby, and we were so happy bit, too."she pulled out and put it in the Bible

that the Lord had sent you to us. "Yes, I think you do, Son,"and towhen we got home."

The other happiest day of my life gether the two laughed because they "Do you remember, dear, another was my wedding day, when I was remembered how Canute's father so thing that happened when you were so proud to marry such a fine, handoften teased him about liking to herd four? You used to take your heel

some man. We built our home right and fish a little on the side—he often of bread out to your little goat in

after we were married, on this asked Canute which side of the herdthe barn after you had finished eatground that has always been in the ing the fishing was on, or vice versa. ing."

family.. I've loved our little home so It was a standard joke in the house- "How did you know I took it out

much. I love these beautiful, black, hold, and Peter often wondered if to my goat, Mother?"

granite mountains towering over us, Canute would be such a willing and "Because I followed you out one and the little patches of fertile fields eager herder if it were done in surtime to see where you were taking that nestle among the giant, rugged roundings to which he was less atyour crust after every meal, and peaks."tached. when I came into the barn door, I

As they climbed higher up the "Do you see our farm and home heard you say, 'Don't chew so loud, mountain trail, the boy began to from here, Canute? It's just a halflittle goat, here comes Mama.'"

fear that his mother was getting mile from the beautiful Voringsfors Laughing heartily, Canute said, tired, so, stopping he spoke, "Here, Falls. See that beautiful fortyacre "I guess children don't put much over

Mother, sit down on this shady rock tract of luxuriant meadowland at on their mothers, do they?"

and let's rest a few minutes."Eysing Dahl? Edifjord Hardanger is "I guess not,"replied his mother.

"I'm not tired, Son, but it might known as the Maurset Farm. The "Perhaps we'd better go on or the

be good to rest. I want to look first owner was Peter Maurset. See sheep will think their herder has lost

around a little at all these lovely that beautiful river on the south side his way."

mountain streams that unite at this of the land? It is called the Leira On up the mountainside the mother

point to form a river. Do you see River. Do you see that lovely little and the lad went, until finally they

that largest waterfall of them all over creek on the north side? Now look came to the broad plateau where the

there, Son? It is called the Voringsfors on the other side of that creek. There's flock was feeding. The mother beFalls. Many famous artists have the beautiful Varka Lee. See how gan to point out other things to the

come here to paint it. It's no wonder the birch trees glisten and shine in boy, wanting to impress on his mind

that crops do so well here in this the sun? See those berry bushes every detail of the beautiful scene.

fertile soil with all this abundant how many there are! Do you re- "Look, Canute, the atmosphere is

water to irrigate the farms. Wasn't member the times we have gone (Continued on page 664)

SEPTEMBER 1952 639 AS YOUNG MEN AND WOMEN ARE CALLED

INTO THE SERVICE OF THEIR COUNTRY,

THERE ARE PARENTS WHO WITH PLEADING

VOICES AND PRAYERFUL HEARTS ASK THAT

THEY

COME HOME CLEAN

by Einar C. Erickson

"... and son, come home to me inable to exercise and grow in every diluted canned milk. Our conclean!"human quality that is desirable. Unsciences are now clear but had we

Those were the last words my fortunately, it also provides the very started out drinking those forbidden mother said to me as I boarded the opposite. This is where the ability beverages, we would have memories

bus that was to take me away from to choose the good and leave the bad from which we could not escape.

home for some three years. Always comes in.

those words echoed in the chambers If you respect others, their beliefs, 'T'he night is hot; the heat has been

of my mind wherever I was sent and their ways of life, you will not be long bearing down furnacelike for whatever I was called to do in the unrespected even by those who are days, and at night the earth becomes interests of my country. They inquite opposed to your particular a steam cooker. The clubs that are

spired me a thousand nights to pray faith. You will always reflect what on all bases and stations will offer

and have faith, and they were my you are and what you are moving cool beer, frothy and inviting. Eager

strength in overcoming temptations. toward as a goal in life. young men around you will do

And I know that as each young man When you are making your initial everything but carry you to the baror woman is called into the service of adjustments to life in the service rooms, and sometimes even that. Not

his country there are parents who make sure you do the right things always are there varieties of soft with pleading voices and prayerful first; by doing this you will never drinks for sale as a first choice. As

hearts request that they come home have to alter your life in any way a second choice, never drink beer! It

to them clean in body, in mind, and afterward. But if you start out dowill not give you refreshment, it will

in spirit. ing the things that you know are not soothe your heated body, it will

Life in the various branches of the against your beliefs, your conscience make you perspire heavily and introservice has not been thought of as will burn, and you will not be able duce instead, the weaknesses that lead contributing to the good, clean, moral to look your mother in the eye again, on down the path of evil. My comlife that is desired by those who beespecially if she asked you not to use panion and I never did step into one

lieve in the teachings of the gospel of vile language, never to be unclean in of those clubs. By never going there,

Jesus Christ. Certainly they take any way, and not to break the Word you have less temptation to resist.

youth away from controlled and seof Wisdom. Just a little prayer and remembrance

lected environments and place them Coffee, tea, and perhaps other of my mother's request were suffiin varied circumstances most of which strong drinks will be served at every cient. If you resist the first few times

are not accepted as desirable, espemeal. In the United States, however, when the temptation comes to visit

cially during the maturing years of you will usually have a choice of those places, resist—and resist some

young life. milk for at least one meal a day and more and soon you will find temptaUpon entering the service a youth fruit juice at breakfast. There is altion no longer calls your way. Only

will find that a tolerant and patient ways water. Overseas the juices and a confused person would pursue the

attitude needs to be maintained and milk may be limited, but the water way intended by the evil one for you fully developed. He will mingle with is not. In three years of service, to follow. Don't get confused; don't

persons of all types and races. To be thirty months overseas, I never drank give in, not even a little.

understood you have to understand. tea or coffee. My L. D. S. buddies The barracks, the offices, the comTo receive consideration you will didn't get into the habit either. Some pounds, day and night will be filled

have to be considerate. The service of them went thirsty. Some of them with smoke. The cigaret and its

gives you all the opportunities imagdrank water. I developed a taste for suffocating vapors will assail you con-

i %-r o-ia, k tk u e 5 YOUTH

640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—MonTcmeyer Photo

"Entering the service does not mean that you must stop your progression and call those years lost...

tinuously. But never reach for one and to keep from the rottenness of cause of a type of reasoning on the

of those slender white nerve killers. bad men and women. It will be hard part of the personnel departments

You will have to become a "no to tell your son, to command him, to that you cannot understand, you boy"; that was the nickname of one be clean if you weren't."were given a most boring assignMormon lad I knew. My father's voice came to me ment. Whatever it is, it is something

whenever I heard the vulgar rumbles that can be perfected and brought to /"n a deer hunt one day in the that others made when temptation an art. You do not have to learn to

wilds of Nevada my father strutted past. Once you sin you will like it entirely, though that would

stopped to rest by a large rock and soon be past feeling, and slowly you help, but you can perform what is rebrought my attention to the beauty will find the struggle to keep from quired of you as a functional individof the sweeping canyons and moungiving yourself over to lasciviousness, ual part of a huge team that is tains around us. I was a mere boy uncleanliness, and greediness will be dedicated to the preservation of dothen, and on my first hunt, and as the greatest, most miserable struggle mestic tranquility and peace on earth

Dad caught my interest, he slowly of your life. I will not suggest what with freedom for all men. Do your

and directly changed the subject to you will come up against, and what part. Above and beyond this you

the pertinent things of a good moral circumstances you may encounter, will have many spare hours. Your

life. I was impressed, and I have but that you will, I know. Meet them working hours in most cases will not

never forgotten his words. Just besquarely, and give a calm, deliberate be much more than a civilian's; therefore I left for the service, he talked to emphatic NO! to those temptations fore you will be in a position to purme again and reminded me of the which would destroy you and your sue interests that are closer to your

things he had said, and repeated future life. Do not trifle with evil, heart's desire.

these words: "Remember, Son, it is for vou will be the loser. Be a man, Nearly all bases, camps, and stathe will of God that you should aband be a clean one. tions have recreation and craft shops;

stain from fornication and anything Now I refer to a few advantages make use of them. There are laborelated to it."He then put his hand that are offered by the services. You ratories of all kinds, all available to

on my shoulder, looked me straight may be assigned to a particular job those who desire to make sincere proin the eye, and continued: "Don't do and then just be obligated to sweat gressive use of them. You may be

anything that would keep you from out the term of your duty tour. You stationed near a university. The

someday looking your own son in the may not like the job; you may have service will pay nearly all your exeye and telling him to be a clean man been qualified for another; but be- (Continued on page 671)

SEPTEMBER 1952 641 MOST READERS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON SEEM TO BE

UNAWAREAND NOT WITHOUT REASONTHAT LEHI HAD

DAUGHTERS AS WELL AS SONS.

Did Father Lehi Have Daughters

Who Married the Sons of Ishmael?

by Sidney B. Sperry, Ph.D.

DIRECTOR OF RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

stolen, abridgsubsequently of which an his family into the wilderness. (Ibid., 7:2.) andThethisquestionarticle isaskedone bywhich,the titlein myof the 116 pages that were first translated and of Jerusalem, and bring down Ishmael and

of First us in the Nephi, Book ment is given opinion, should be answered in which is the record of Nephi individually, Notice that no explanation is given the affirmative. Most readers of he himself being of the lineage of Manasregarding the identity of Ishmael.

seh; lineage the that but of Ishmael was to be unof Book seem Mormon well reader exexpect might an The

into his that married sons Ephraim, and of reason without nottheaware—and planation concerning from Nephi IshLehi's Lehi's sons married and family,that as well as Lehi daughters had

.. identity, Ishmael's if Ishparticularly Discourses,. (]ournal mael's daughters, of

sons. In the italicized superscription vol. 23, p. 184; italics author's.) mael had no close family relationship

of the First Book of Nephi, Lehi's to Lehi. None is forthcoming, which

son Nephi writes: This statement not only implies fact points strongly in favor of Joseph

An account of Lehi and his wife that Ishmael was an Ephraimite, but Smith's explanation as delivered by

Sariah, and his four sons, being called in. connection with Nephi's stateElder Snow. Some words of Dr.

(beginning at the eldest) Laman, ments (I Nephi 7:6), strongly points Hugh Nibley are very appropriate

Lemuel, Sam, and Nephi.... to the fact that Father Lehi had on this point:

least had two—who daughters—at This text indicates that perhaps no Lehi, faced with the prospect of a long of Ishmael. married the sons In other

daughters existed in the family of words, Lehi was the fatherin-law of journey in the wilderness, sent back for

Ishmael, into followed the promptly whoLehi. the Moreover, when fact family Ishmael's sons. would This desert this a large party; with that means wilderthebegan its exodus through for casual the clearly account less and he hardly have been must adept

ness after leaving Jerusalem, only takenfor-granted attitude of Nephi moving about than Lehi himself. The inat

sons seem to have been born to Lehi (typically Oriental) when he menteresting thing is that Nephi takes Ishmael

Theseand his wife. were Jacob and tions Ishmael and his family: never[unlikeexplainingZoram] whocompletelyhe is or forhowgranted,he fits 18:7.) (I NephiJoseph.

for into the act of sending him picture—the to pass that the Lord comcame And it in the wilderness Lehi was When to in natural thing the be the most [Lehi] I, Nephi, that and him my seems Sea, the counseled mandednear Lord the Red

him that his sons should obtain wives brethren, should again return unto the land (Concluded on page 694) and raise up seed unto him in the promised land. (Ibid., 7:1.) Nephi

and his brethren again were com11.. 3

manded to make the long and difficult journey to Jerusalem (they had previously obtained the brass plates), in order to recruit Ishmael and his family. We know little concerning

Ishmael except that his family, in addition to his wife, consisted of two married sons, with their households, and five daughters. (Ibid., 7:6.) The

tradition in the Church that Ishmael was an Ephraimite is based on a discourse delivered by Apostle Erastus

Snow, in Logan, Utah, May 6, 1882.

Elder Snow said:

The Prophet Joseph Smith informed us that the record of Lehi was contained on

—From a painting by Hubert Golz

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA seen or unsuccessful results, and he took the inhaling apparatus to a prominent instrument maker for cerOne Hundred years tain modifications he felt would facilitate the experiment.

without pain TenTheminutesdoctors passed.and studentsFifteenwaited.minutes. The gallery spectators whisby Eleanor Van Orden pered among themselves. The only

possible reason for Dr. Morton's delay, they thought, was the realization

the inventor and promoter of sulof his own failure even before he phuric ether anesthesia by inhalastarted. Dr. Warren addressed the

tion. assembly:

It was ten o'clock in the morning. "As Dr. Morton has not yet arThe patient was prepared in a sitting rived, I presume he has some other

position for the removal of a tumor engagement."

from his left jaw. In the small amThe men in the amphitheater

phitheater of the Massachusetts laughed. Dr. Warren turned to the

General Hospital surgeons and medpatient. Both men were anxious for

ical students of the Harvard Medical the operation to start. Just then the

School were assembled to witness the door opened, and Dr. Morton apcurious proceedings. Some were prepeared.

pared to boo and hiss Dr. Morton, the Every man in the room ceased talkyoung upstart dentist and fellow stuing. Dr. Morton explained that the

dent who claimed discovery of the reason for his late appearance was secret of painless surgery. last minute adjustments made on the

Dr. Warren was ready and waiting inhalation apparatus. Dr. Warren

to perform the operation. Dr. Mormotioned toward the patient.

ton had not yet arrived. For two "Well, sir,"he said, "your patient

days he had hardly eaten or slept in is ready."

—International News Photo anticipation of the experiment and Dr. Morton placed the apparatus

Dr. William T. G. Morton its outcome. He pictured in his mind over the face of the patient and adevery eventuality that might happen. ministered the anesthetic. Absorbed

irregularity feared might some He every that was, he as he knew man like any16, 1846 was the to or delay occur operaprevent October interest, breathless watching with was cold other England day New tion. of himself informed every He failure. for the waiting almost At approaching. winter with It was of antidote in case necessary unfore- (Continued page 668) on

like any other day except for one thing. History was being made—-not

sensational history of victorious armies but history far more important. On this day an epochmaking

episode took place that was to affect the lives of every man, woman, and—thechild offirsteverypublicnation,demonstrationcolor, and creedof

the inhalation of sulphuric ether to destroy pain during a surgical operation.

Boston took its historymaking casually. Few of its citizens were aware

of the important demonstration taking place under the dome of the nowfamous Bulfinch Building of the

Massachusetts General Hospital.

Those who knew of it scoffed at the idea that a patient could undergo any form of surgery, however simple, without suffering intense pain. At

first, the only two men who recognized the great importance of the occasion were the surgeonin- chief of the hospital, Dr. John Collins Warren, and Dr. William Thomas

Greene Morton, a Boston dentist and—Harold M. Lambert

SEPTEMBER 1952 643 genius. There is a total absence in

after millennium of progress The Anthon Transcript knownnium Mayan history of the millenfrom pictorial to ideographic, to phoand the netic,characterizedsyllabic,Egyptianand alphabeticwriting.which

The minds of learned men have not been idle in the effort to solve the

Mayan puzzle thus presented. Maya Glyphs

Dr. A. Hiatt Verrill, in Old Civilizations of the New World, suggested by Ariel L. Crowley the existence of an early, welldeveloped cursive script and reore than a century ago the dominantly linear script, of a semiproduced (p. 313) in evidence, the

Book of Mormon revealed to cursive character. preIncan inscription found at Sahmen that the developed, reAs a matter of logic, if the anceshuayacu, Peru, closely approximatingM

formed Egyptian system of writing tors of the Mayas were Book of the script of the Anthon Transcript.

was carried to America by the IsraclMormon people, whose system of (See figure one.)

itish house of Lehi. writing in remote times was that of It was Dr. Verrill, also, who first

More than a century ago the form the Book of Mormon as now illustratbrought personally to the attention of that writing was set down for the ed in the Anthon Transcript, then of the author the linear script aduse of the learned by an exemplar the Book of Mormon script is, in high duced, photographed, and published of Scientific Society the German directly the by or indirectly, known as the Anthon Tranprobability,now in its report for 1889 Santiago, (Book glyphs. prototype of the Mayascript.

p. 35) which is set forth in figure Little expected could from the 2, be script of the TranAnthon The two. text Transcript of the Anthon to anteriorscript to short dates a period

600 B.C., and represents a stage of by way of aid in deciphering the The most casual comparison of the

it being no easier foregoing inscription with the AnthonEgyptian writing which is far adMaya inscriptions, vanced from the stage of pictorial to read than the other. But the very Transcript cannot fail to evoke comrepresentations of early Egypt. existence of a potential prototype, ment upon their similarities.

pointing to a reversal of the process In more recent times, a long stride

In the experience of men there is a of refining pictographs into an alphaforward has been taken by Dr. Rafael

virtually universal history of developbetic system, and indicating that the Larco Hoyle in his two excellent ment of writing by drawing pictures Maya glyphs are in fact, growths, adstudies, La Escritura Mochica Sohre

In his Conquest of Civilization, Dr. ditions to, or elaborations and conPallares (Revista Geografica AmerJames Henry Breasted illustrated the ventionalizations of that prototype, is icana, Ano IX, Vol. XVIII, August

point by saying that "a farmer, for example, might want to know how much he paid as taxes. He might

scratch a crude picture of his basket grain measure and a number of strokes on the mud wall of his hut, to indicate the number of grain measures he had paid. The use of these

pictorial symbols was the earliest step leading toward writing."

In accordance with this fundamental concept, and with rare exceptions, scholars who have turned their minds Fig. 1. The preIncan inscription found at Sahhuayacu, Peru, closely

to the consideration of the enigmas approximating the script of the Anthon Transcript.

of the Maya glyphs have regarded them as ideographic or, as Dr. Sylof immense importance as a guide to 1942), and La Escritura Peruana

vanus Morley said in The Ancient inquiry. Sohre Pallares (Revista Geografica

Maya (2nd ed. p. 260), only one step As Dr. Morley says in the work Americana, Ano XI, Vol. XX, Noremoved from pictorial representacited (p. 260), "The earliest Maya vember 1943 and December 1943).

tions. text does not reach back even as far In the latter study (p. 32) Dr.

The Book of Mormon and the Anas the beginning of the Christian Hoyle not only suggests that the thon Transcript point to a fundamenera."Yet the Maya inscriptions are Maya glyphs are elaborations of an

tal error in this current concept of the wonderfully intricate, filled with ancient simple, linear, and semiMayan writings, indicating that the amazing and confusing detail and cursive script, but by an effort only glyphs are not the pictographs of a variety, evidencing the highest skill less than herculean, he has succeeded people just learning to write, nor in execution. It appears that for perin extracting from the pallares inideograms drawn from pictographs, fection of detail they might have scriptions, as the immediate protobut on the contrary, are elaborations sprung in full dress and maturity types of the Mayan glyphs, the

and conventionalizations of a simpler, from the fertile brain of some Mayan essential strokes and curves consti644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -f /\ M -t- ""QOOAjOGQii 1/ -v\-wv wi 'f f wsws/s o q Q n Dui I II III -) * + x wx > L2. Q r > + +

Fig. 2. Linear script published But we have pointed out that withwhence came this highly developed

by the German Scientific Society. in the limits of present knowledge, cursive script.

men have never begun with a welltuting the basic script upon which developed cursive script, nor in any The Book of Mormon, illustrated the elaborations were made. other way than by picture writing. by the Anthon Transcript, stands

The illustration, in figure three, (Morley, The Ancient Maya, p. 259.) alone, a lighthouse in the darkness

containing as it does, numerous forms It follows necessarily that somewhere proclaiming that source to be in indistinguishable from forms appearin antiquity, before Columbus, before Egypt, and explaining the means by ing in the Anthon Transcript, speaks the Mayas, before the Incas, before which that ancient, sacred script for itself. the Aztecs, before the pallares incame ultimately into these alien

Dr. Hoyle does not say, nor is it

scriptions of Peru, there was a source, lands.

here contended, that the sure and only key to the Maya glyphs lies in the fundamental linear and semicursive script so developed. But with AAAA

doescharacteristic caution, he sugIll /\ AAAA AAAA 9 10 exists connecgest that "if there any tion between the two systems (the pallares and Mayan) the Mayan writing is the third step in the evolu- ( (( I fa tion of the American writing, and 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 the transition from ideograms to the hieroglyphic."

is correct, "If suggestion Dr. Hoyle's <S22> CZ2>

linear, simple, semicursivea script O22 23 24 25 26 27 co28 29 30 was the beginning, in America, the pallares inscriptions were the first elaboration, and the Mayan inscrip4tions were the third, or last elabora31 32 P 33 34 35 36 27ft 38 tion, retaining in each instance, beneath the conventionalizations, the Fig. 3. The essential strokes and curves constituting the basic script

fundamentals of the linear system. upon which the Mayan glyphs may have been made.

"Oh, yes,"chattered one member If we believe in our Church, as we

Obedience ofhas thebeenpartytalkingbrightly,about"thethatChurchever testifythat thebyinstructionsbelonging towhichit; wearebelievegiven

since I was a child, but I s till can't us from timeto-time through proper by Evelyn W. Viner see any sense in it."authority express the will of the

We are not told that Abraham Lord.

of us is wise to quesenoughOnethatoftenyounghearspeoplethe arecomplaintnot as commandmentquestioned the whensense heofwastherequiredLord's tionWhothe very wisdom of God? Our

obedient as they were in preto sacrifice his beloved son. He preability to choose a course of action is

vious generations. If this is true, pared to obey with implicit faith in a gift from our Heavenly Father. Do

there must be a reason for it. Can it the ultimate good, obtainable through we then dare to say one of his combe that we, as parents, are partly reobedience. mandments lacks sense?

sponsible? If, when Adam was commanded If we question the advice given by

aftersacrifice, to offer asked sunny, he Sunday warm, On a "Why?"the inspired servants of the Lord, how

occurrence. ago, of that record remains long not some friends nonoon

called on an elderly woman. They We have no reason to doubt that his can our children be expected to acinvited her to join them in some Sunobedience was immediate and uncept our advice and obey our comday recreation. Their invitation was questioning. mandments? Will they not also

declined with thanks. We have never received any revquestion us and perhaps decide that

"The Church does not approve of elation, ancient or modern, to indithere is "no sense"in what we say?

doing that on Sunday,"she explained cate that obedience is no longer If we are willing to obey the Lord in in refusing, "and I wish to live in necessary to our happiness and salvaall things, perhaps our children will accordance with Church ideals."tion. be more willing to obey us.

SEPTEMBER 1952 645.

You have the priesthood and the help of the Lord—if you want it. I'm just

sorry we don't have any young peo-.. ple your age here for a Mutual. ButWhere There's a Will

the Lord helps those who help themby Rodney W. Fye selves...."Brother Smith left this

thought ringing in Bill's ears.

his time. didn't was a prematurely day that with good sunny One

Bill didn't go to the dance at the off the chill recent to of a aboutIt shook worry even have what people

Legion Hall the next Saturday night, winter in a small midwestern would say, because there was no plains town where spring was desperother dance hall. It was a good place and neither did Lucille, because

ately trying to make her first stand. to forget about the war, about everyMother wouldn't let her go without

The rays of a cheery 7:35 a.m. sunthing, and just have a good time. Bill to such a place. Bill was thinkrise stretched the shadows of the Mutual? No, there was no Mutual, ing about other things. Brother

trees and buildings far across the flat only a very small Sunday School Smith's words had been preying on prairie landscape to the western horitwenty miles away. The nearest Muhis mind ever since last Sunday. The and Sunday car down, broken was

zon. smell dissharp several smoke miles The of wood hundred tual was

to didn't get family the McCain airbit finished as the tant, the there community Latterday were and no

Bill meeting. to to drive Trenton

sent off tobreakfast its children to and Saint people one anyto go young pondered the problem that was another day of school in the big, way, only a sixteenyear-old high threestory brick schoolhouse whose school junior and his fifteenyear-old troubling his mind. He and Lucille

loud bell was already clanging open sister. But they were sick of the always took a good deal of "ribbing"

from the rest of the crowd because the school doors. Legion Hall every Saturday night and

A group of high school students the drunken mess it threw them into. they wouldn't drink or smoke with

pushed past the sauntering children It made them feel bad and depressed them. They both stood staunch on their ideas about these things and

and, with laughing voices, entered to see the friends they had grown the anycrowd accepted with were

It building.the the in 1945, and with was Methodist and Presbyterian up

his class, of secretary way. Bill was

itbleakness of the past winter their School made throw Sunday away in best the dancer and Lucille was lonely planting spring atan even more morals these dances. Life often

high school. Their popularity was

for the farmers to look forward to seemed to lose its meaning for these now, especially with their sons off two young people, and they longed not harmed in the least by being

Mormons.to war. It was lonely for everyone many times to be out west where

but most especially for the students they had been told by their Aunt "Noonday was a chilly day, and as he of this dreary high school. They Lydia, the young people enjoyed entered the schoolhouse, Bill

yearned for more parties and more fresh, clean recreation, supervised by checked with the class sponsor about wholesome companionship with each youth leaders, and opened and closed the time of the class meeting which other. There was no "social set"with prayer. What a contrast to the was to be held. Miss Darnell was

just out of high school to set the pace "recreation"they enjoyed. (Somethe prettiest class sponsor the school

for them. Most of the older boys in times they thought the word "enhad ever had. She was all for better

the senior class had enlisted, and now dured"would have been better.) Aunt and more schoolsponsored recreathe senior class was going to graduLydia had come to Johnstown years tion for her class, and she told them

ate with only three boys and two ago from Utah and had married into so in the class meeting held after full rows of girls. the McCain family after converting school when Bill brought up the subEveryone looked forward to Saturhalf of them. Bill McCain had just ject. This was Miss Darnell's first

day night when, after cleaning up been ordained a priest and, now that year at J.H.S. and she didn't realize

from parttime jobs, the crowd would he had his driver's license, he would the opposition Mr. Piedmont, the

drive twenty miles to the county seat take his mother, his sister Lucille, and superintendent, would put forth, and where for one dollar and twentyfive Aunt Lydia to Sunday School at neither did the students, I guess.

cents you could dance to a brassy Trenton each Sunday. Mr. Piedmont had been at J.H.S.

jazz band that blared out the latest for over twenty years, and over this hit tunes. High school kids from all (*"\ne Sunday after Sunday School, period of time a very closely knit

over the county would go to the the branch president, Brother group of smalltown politicians had

Legion Hall on Saturday night. It Smith, asked Bill why he didn't do worked their way past the disinterest

was like being really grownup. The something at Johnstown about getting of the townspeople into the elections

Legion had been a favorite dance cleaner recreation. Bill, in a halfand finally into the school board.

spot for several generations. It had apologetic manner, replied, "What's The school board, it seems, had delecelebrated the Armistice in 1918, the use? Most of the kids are satisgated to Mr. Piedmont the last word

and it had seen both the Charleston fied with the Legion Hall. Besides, in every decision until finally the

and the Big Apple come and go the school superintendent bucks school board meetings had become and now it was silently watching everything we try to do. We never a farce. It was a "Piedmont"school

jitterbugging give its last violent fling have any school parties any more."administration in every sense of the

with the influx of soldiers. Respect- "Well, Bill, there's no reason why word. Mr. Piedmont didn't like hot

able? No, but where else could the you can't do something to help the lunches and voted them out; Mr.

young people go? Everyone went, situation up at Johnstown. You don't Piedmont didn't like rallies or annual

and nobody cared much what anyone have to go to the Legion Hall, even yearbooks and voted them out; Mr.

else did as long as it didn't interfere if it is the only dance hall around. Piedmont didn't like class plays and

646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tried unsuccessfully to vote them out; walked from the superintendent's ofcenter. There was much to be done

Mr. Piedmont didn't like school parfice, her face flushed. in the next few days. The three,

ties and voted them out. One school She made her announcement to Bill, Irene, and Johnnie, interested the

party a year was the rule and not the the class. Bill joined his classmates rest of the class in the venture and

responsibility of the school to provide outside the school building after soon everyone was down at the waremore. Miss Darnell probably didn't school to discuss the decision. That house, cutting and hanging crepe

realize what she was biting off when evening after supper, Bill saw an artipaper, and mopping floors.

she approached Mr. Piedmont on the cle in the paper about a youth center The opening night was approachsubject of more school parties. The in Atlanta, Georgia. That night he ing, and the event had been widely

new fifty thousand dollar gymnasium walked to the railroad depot with a advertised. Two couples of parents

had for several years been closed to letter to Atlanta requesting more inwere chosen for chaperones, ( and the students except for five or six formation. The next Sunday after membership cards were printed and

basketball games during the season. church at Trenton, he came home issued with a copy of the rules which

It was kept locked at all times, much with some old M.I. A. manuals Brother included "No Smoking, Drinking, or

to the disgust of both townspeople Smith had given him. He studied Gambling, and No Profane Lanand students. There were other dark the organization and rules of the guage.

rumors about the school administra- M.I. A. and the idea behind the AtThe arrangement committee sat

tion which were never proved, but lanta youth center. down in exhaustion as the last couple

which roused the town—although not Wednesday the school was turned went out the door, and the first dance

enough to get them to vote a change. out for teacher's convention, and Bill, was all over. It had been a tremen-

"... in line with past policy of accompanied by two classmates, went dous success, and the future looked

the school administration, Miss Dardowntown to have a talk with Mr. bright for the Johnstown Youth

nell, it would not be consistent to Towne, a cafebar owner who had Center.

grant the request of the junior class. an empty warehouse near his restauThe town, now convinced that the

You know how the shortage of rant. Mr. Towne was favorably imyoung people really needed clean

teachers is, and we can't spare any for pressed with the story the students recreation such as they were trying the supervision and planning of school had to tell him and promptly offered to provide for themselves, were now parties. I advise you to discourage his warehouse for their use as a youth asking the question, "Why can't our

any further movements on the part young people have the gymnasium for of your junior class to organize for Miss Darnell probably didn't realize their youth center?"A question which

this purpose."Those were the words whatproachedshe Mr.was Piedmontbiting offon whenthe subjectshe apof the school administration did not

that followed Miss Darnell as she more school parties. (Continued on page 694)

SEPTEMBER 1952 647 <?. Illlllllll'll

lit!

by Winifred N. Jones

"As event followed event and the s John came down the stairs he ticipatepeople around... hehimbecamevanishedmoreto parand

j\ heard Martha talking in the more bitter."

iX kitchen.

"And so, Miz'Marsh, when they acted like I was included out, I just f\NLY homeroom classes were to up and left that meeting."be held today. Just long enough It was the first time he had played

Included out! The phrase struck for the teachers to check attendin a large room and the sound echohome. "That's me,"he muttered to ance. Then, everyone would be dising back delighted him. He had only

himself. "Included out. Out of missed to gather at the oval track in played at home. His music was a

football, and basketball, and track, back of the school. Later, a gigantic secret he had never shared, fearing

and hikes, and bikes, and everything picnic and program would be held scorn from his more active friends.

else!"and the star athletes presented with He continued to send the music out

He went on down the steps and awards. into the room. He didn't hear the

through the hall, his left leg moving When the dismissal bell rang, rolling clap of thunder or the sound with its own dragging pace. He everyone flowed from the building. of feet scurrying into the hall as the

slowly put on his jacket and picked In their hurry and excitement no one students rushed in to escape the sudup his books. Reluctance to leave waited for John with his slowmoving den downpour of rain that came from

the sanctuary of home and face the steps. But he doggedly followed the the sky.

world of school slowed his movecrowd and joined a bunch of excited "Hey, that's good!"

ments. rooters on the sidelines. The voice broke on him like a

His mother came into the hall to As event followed event and the blow. He turned to find a huge

tell him goodbye. He kissed her people around him vanished to pargroup standing in the front of the

quickly and left. He didn't want to ticipate in various activities, he grew auditorium. As he stared, they broke

have to answer any questions about more and more bitter. The sun, into applause. He started to get up

his plans for today. rising higher in the sky, became alfrom the bench, but they yelled,

Today was the day at school most intolerably warm. He stood, "Give us 'Stardust.'"

"Madison day"—when the whole favoring his bad leg, hating himself "Let's hear some Gershwin!"

school turned out for a huge athletic and it, and the friendly, but disinter- "Can you do 'Hora Staccato'?"

meet and picnic. Everyone tried to ested people who milled around the There was respect and admiration

enter as many events as possible and track. in their voices. He sank slowly back

the competition was intense. PrepFinally he could bear it no longer. on the bench and his fingers found

arations for the whole affair had kept As the chairman appeared to start the keys. He started unevenly; then,

the students occupied for weeks. the program, he turned and dragged as his confidence returned, he began

John's friends had shared the talk himself back to the schoolhouse. He to play easily and well.

and plans with him; but today everywanted to go home, but was afraid "You have real talent, John,"a

one else would be doing, and he of the questions he knew would be man's voice said gently. It was Mr.

would have to sit on the sidelines. asked there. He wandered into the Carver, the principal.

Going on toward school, he met building and saw the open door of Talent? What was it Bishop Payne

Arch and Scott. the auditorium. Going in he stood had said last Sunday about the man

"Hi, all set?"for a minute looking at the rows of who had buried his talent? Why

"All set!"empty seats. When he saw the piano that's what he'd been doing. He'd

All set to sit, his thoughts ran biton stage he went to it like a homing been given a talent and he had terly. pigeon. Here was something he buried it! It was his key to genuine

The other boys launched into a could do! He sat down and his friendship and respect and he had

fierce debate over the merits of Rand hands, strong from hours of practice, buried it! His bitterness vanished.

and Bob, the 440 runners. They began to beat out a heavy, surging Straightening his shoulders he called,

seemed to forget that he was there; rhythm that carried away his bitter- "Any more requests?"

that he, too, could be interested. ness. At last, he was included in!

648 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GROWING OLD IN YEARS1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i ii i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i in i inn iimiimiinim i iiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii mi iiiiiiiiiiiiiiimmiiimmimiiiiimimiimiiimmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiimu mini i imiiiiiimi imiimiimmiimiiiiiimimtmiiii

James M. Barrie once said, "God against the inexorable. Instead of bitter denunciation of something congave us memory that we might accepting the stern fact of the flow nected with it. The fault may lie

have roses in December."It is of life, and using it to give them addwith a situation, a person, a group,

mainly up to us, he continued, ed strength so they might overcome or humanity as a whole. The bitter

whether we look back to pleasure or other problems, they have battered pill I have to swallow is that there to pain. themselves recklessly against it until always is a fault with someone or

One man mellows with age; anthey became but broken chunks of something. The pill I take is not so

other man sours. Though physically humanity, soured in disposition and bad because I can let it flow through

they walk together along the same suspicious of all about them. my mind without accepting any of it.

path, they are worlds apart. Little Each of us has known men or My friend is not so fortunate. His

need to wonder which shall enjoy the women who have fought with life mind already has accepted it, and his "roses in December."and those who have lived with life. soul is flooded with it. It is taking

Perhaps the difference between the The world abounds in both. A few my friend away from me. For too

two is that one has accepted and recreach the pinnacle on each end, and many years he has been fighting onciled himself to the fundamental, all the rest travel the varied spaces against life, trying to bring it to unchangeable facts of life, while the in Between. And there are many terms with him. Too late he may

other has not. near the center mark who neither discover that life comes to terms only

One of these facts is that each of fight against nor live with life, but with those who come to terms with us shall grow old in years. And as merely exist from day to day as it.

we age, there will come a loss of the though that were sufficient justificaRecently I talked with a mellowed physical strength and vigor of youth. tion for their being. old man who shall become my

These are of relatively small impor- I have a friend with whom I visit friend. In him I found the decay of

tance since they are beyond our now and then. But every topic of physical years, the strength of mental

power to control. True, we can conversation we bring up results in (Concluded on page 680)

hasten or delay the process, but we cannot ultimately alter it. That lies

within the province of the infinite.

Through the ages there has been a constantly changing attempt to find a means of controlling old age. The

alchemists of old sought not alone for a formula to turn the baser metals into gold, they also dreamed of and hoped for an elixir of youth. But

though success in their quest always lived as a possibility, it never became a reality.

Ponce de Leon, in his search for a "fountain of youth"in America, represents the hopes of the world that such a thing may exist. Unable to

concoct a draught of liquid so potent it can stave off the ravages of time, man turns ever to the miraculous to keep his hope alive.

How much better it were to accept the verdict and lay out our plan of years to fit the pattern. Then

each, advancing year will seem both a fulfilment of the past and a prologue to the future, for then we shall be fighting with the years, not against them. And no one will need say to

us as the Voice said to Saul, "Why dost thou kick against the pricks?"

Men have been lost by drowning because they failed to heed the practical advice to "swim with the current."And men have become lost—Frank Day from Monkmeyer

in life because they have struggled "God gave us memory that we might have roses in December."

SEPTEMBER 1952 649

They equal in beauty of design, texture, and color the masterpieces ofThe Navajos Weave Beauty foreign looms.

The everyday blanket of this shepherd people is dark blue and white, by Gilean Douglas black and white, or the natural gray of the wool. When tightly woven, it

is as waterproof as canvas; when

woven more loosely, it protects against cold, and so the latter weaving is worn under the former in wet, windy weather. Even the small saddlecloths of the pretty Navajo ponies

are of fine texture and pattern.

The weaver works at her loom only now and then—much as we might

knit or crochet—and adolescent girls

are allowed to do very little. She

sits on the ground with her bright, flowing skirts spread out around her and weaves upward on a simple loom which is almost identical with that which her ancestors first used two hundred and fifty years ago. Her

gay velveteen blouse buttons up high

A Navajo woman weaving a blanket. Costumes are typical of the Navajo woman's to the throat, and there are ornadress, with the long sleeves and high neck, and buttons down the front of the blouse. ments around her neck and wrists.

These may be dried seeds or bone one knows who was the first stone must be just right before the or perhaps the delicate silver and turquoise jewelry fashioned by theNo weaver in the world, but many poles, beams, and uprights of pinon years ago dwellers in the lake pine and the frame of juniper or Navajo men. The weaver keeps

villages of Switzerland were practiscottonwood are put in place. many traditions connected with her

ing that art. These ancient Swiss In summer this place is under a art. One of the greatest of these

evolved simple looms and spindles for woven shelter of juniper boughs is never to repeat a pattern slavishly, making thread from the fibers of the or perhaps of cottonwood boughs for she believes that if she does this short flax they grew beside the water. with lots of leaves on them. Weaving her creative genius will be destroyed.

The spindle whorls were round bits fork of saxifrage, batten stick of scrub There, also, will be an imperfection for in blanket genuine the Navajo isof over carechecked clay, about sandstone and two oak—everything work."mortal can do perfect "no begins. beautifully acrossinches fully before the The work and often

decorated. batten stick, with its thin edge and The home of these people before

Today replicas of these looms and boatshaped ends, is a most important the coming of the white man was said spindles are found in the great tool. It is the weaver's skill in pressto have been bounded by four sacred

Navajo country of Utah, New Mexing on the warp with it that deterico, and Arizona. In that region mines the firmness of the finished

flocks of sheep move slowly through product.

sandy arroyas and across sunny Those Navajo sheep which wander mesas. Sometimes their herder is a over the mesas browsing on salt

boy chewing the flavorsome roots of bush, spectacle pod, sage, and grease prairie clover. Sometimes it is a wood have a long, light fleece which

woman in full velveteen skirt and is easy to cord and spin. That taken

bright blouse with a distaff of wild from the sides and shoulders is the currant wood, spinning as she goes. best for weaving. It is the Navajo

A Swiss Lake woman would recogwoman who dips and shears the nize that distaff at once and know sheep, as well as takes the wool just what to do with it. through all its subsequent stages; up

If the early Swiss weaver could to and including the investment of follow the twentieth century herder the proceeds from the finished home to her hogan (a oneroomed blanket.

hut with walls of pinon pine chinked By the last quarter of the eighteenth with clay, and roof of juniper boughs) century Navajo blankets had become she would find a loom that differed one of the most important articles of very little from her own. About the trade in the Spanish colonies. Today

setting up of this loom the Navajo you will find a splendid collection woman can be as temperamental as of this weaving in Sante Fe, AlbuThe herd of sheep is an integral part of any prima donna. Each stick and querque, and in various museums. the presentday Navajo's livelihood.

650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA peaks of the Taylor, Blanco, LaPlata, and San Francisco mountains.. Now

the Navajo Reservation covers fifteen million acres within that area, and on it live some sixtyfive thousand noNavajoWhite,beyetablue, blanketand redof mads who subsist on the sheep and the Classic Period, 185060.

its products. The elevation ranges The use of the beyeta, a

from three thousand to seven thouredthe tradewar withcloth,Mexico.began after

sand feet, and the terrain changes from cool forests of pine and oak to harsh desert country where it is not easy to survive without the cushioning of civilization.

A black, blue, and white serape woven by Mexican Indians of San Miguel, Mexico, 184050.

PJwBL

mmf, have (found in the grave of a mumAmong the earliest forms of decoramified Indian and reportedly dating tion was the zoning treatment in back to around 1800) consists of which, decorative bands were woven longitudinal, narrow brown stripes horizontally to the direction of the -, -mm* alternating with white ones. From warp, thus dividing the blanket field

this simple beginning can be traced into sections. This device is still

A Saltillo serape of 184050. Saltillo the more complex "Chief"blanket, popular with the Pueblo Indians, and

the high in Mexico in whichis a town that the from them types: there was probably one it were of which two

thepoint of between weaving was reached it. of Fragments acquired stripes for Navajos with narrow many women years. has or area town Eachabove

distinctive designs and color combinations. and one for men in which the stripes blankets recovered from Massacre

were few and broad. In both these Cove in Arizona, where the Spaniards

Weaving had been an art of the patterns the marginal stripes were wiped out a party of Navajos in

Pueblo Indians, neighbors of the widened and narrow blue stripes in1805, indicate that the latter were

Navajos, many years before the comserted in them, although in old times zoning expertly by the beginning of ing of Coronado to what is now our it was considered bad luck for the the nineteenth eentury.

southwest. They wove with cotton weaver to "weave herself in"by inBut it was in the "Classic"period

during that time but soon learned to troducing a border. (Continued on page 681)

use wool of the fine Andalusian sheep brought in by the Spaniards. When

the Pueblos revolted in 1680, many of them fled to escape reprisals when the rebellion was put down twelve years later. Some of these displaced A Saltillo poncho, 1840persons went to stay with the Navajos 50.has Thebeenholecoveredfor the headover

and as a return for hospitality taught with a piece of red velvet.

them the art of weaving. The Indians so far excelled the colonial

Mexican weavers that two masters of the craft, Don Ygnacio Ricardo

Bazan and his brother Don Juan

Bazan, were brought up from Mexico to teach their countrymen so that they could compete with the Navajos and Pueblos.

The Navajos were no slavish folredWhite,Navajoblue,beyetagreen,blanketand lowers of the Pueblos in weaving. of the Classic Period.

This is plainly shown in the difference between the onesection Pueblo dresses for women and the twosection Navajo garments. The earliest example of their weaving that we

SEPTEMBER 1952 651 classes and ages can read it with care and profit. The controversial questions

are avoided; only the settled facts are THE presented. The story of the earth on

which we live and of which we are a part is strange but inspiring. Somebelief, cannot story but passes this times

beautiful presentation of a gloriLIFE HThe 'OFTHE BOOK L. Dr. Leon denied. be by A preface edited illustrain in(Arranged Marprint by ous and theme, Newton and

of Division Geolof the Leet, chairman its is Irving Francisshall text, of Hall, great in and as the Wood. tion worthy

attests the to University, at Harvard ogy

Inc., their Chilove subject. mothers Company, and RudinJohn They who

ilbook. scientific accuracy of the The

Illinois. 1950. pages. vol.cago, rise 8 A. 4100 always W. high.—/. beautiful are thoughtlustrations and

$52.75.) A. W.rPms twentyfifth anniversary edition THEY WENT TO COLLEGE provoking.—/.

of The Book of Life is tastefully (Ernest Havemann and Patricia Salter done with fine paper stock, quality West. Harcourt, Brace and Company, MAPS

bindings, and good printing. New York. 1952. 277 pages. $4.00.) T. I S R. I E SALT LAKE MERIDIAN

Within its 4100 pages and eight volTt is really surprising in view of the NAUVOO—THE CITY BEAUTIFUL

umes, the authors have apparently American passion for education that CITY OF ST. GEORGE

spared no effort or expense to bring tothis is really the first book dealing with GREAT SALT LAKE CITY gether a most remarkable treatment of the effects upon the individual of colGREAT SALT LAKE CITY AND the Bible with all its wonderful literalegiate training. PART OF SALT LAKE COUNTY

"A"FIVEACRE PLAT history. editorsture, romance, and The people, of course, havAmerican The Sr. Published by Morgan, (Nicholas G. this imporclaim simply to have done in education ing the universal seen

tant work on the King James version of action for one hundred and fifty years author. Salt Lake City, Utah.)

the Bible. or more know that the development of These maps representing an untold

Volume I, Bible Treasures, begins the United States is due very largely to amount or work are of real historiwith stories for very young children in the fact that an enlightened, educated cal value and will be used by students large print and interesting illustrations. public has directed its destinies. Howthroughout the years.

It progresses thereafter to stories and ever, much more is to be learned than Often by tracing back ownership to treatment suited to older children and has come by general experience about the first owner, mooted questions are their parents, and includes a fascinating the fruits of education. answered and much confusion cleared

new section entitled "Stories of Hymns There are many kinds of education away. Nicholas Morgan is to be highly

We Love."as pointed out in this book. Nearly congratulated upon these maps which

The other seven volumes have inall of them lead to increased financial no doubt will be called for extensively titles descriptive of their contriguing the is not most but that independence A. W. by students of Mormonism.—J. Bible treatment: Heroes andtents and live does not important thing. "Man

Pioneers; Bible Kings and Captains; by bread alone."What is needed in

Bible Prophets and Statesmen; Bible the study contained in this book is a THE HOME GARDEN BOOK OF

Poetry; Life of the Master; Paul, His study of the kind of education that HERBS AND SPICES

Life and Letters; and The Bible as an yields the best results in citizenship. (Milo Miloradovich. Doubleday and

Garden City, N. Y. 1952. 236 pages.Educator. great nation, are building an Co., a We

$2.95.) There are over nine hundred pictures for all the world. example We must

chosen primarily because they illustrate direct and redirect our educational "pVEN if one weren't going to plant the Bible and the living characters forces so that that growth may continue a garden, this book would prove therein. There are some forty outline unabated and as a living force throughinteresting—and probably provocative of

maps showing clearly the immediate out the years. planting at least a window box of

localities which are mentioned in the It is notable also in this book that herbs! The delight of the book is that

text. the spiritual effect of college training together with the instructions for plantFor allround family use and Bible upon the man and woman is barely ing and the results to be expected in

.education, this outstanding set is very mentioned. Yet in these difficult times the attractiveness of the herbs the author

'valuable.—V. F. S. it is clearly evident that the schools, has included the uses and the harvestcolleges, and universities must give ating of them.—M. C. J.

SAILING FOR FREEDOM tention to the spiritual element in

B. Carl Wall. and (Voldemar Veedam

is life. extraordinarily This an human BLIND A FOR THE HANDBOOK Y. Crowell Company, NewThomas interesting important volume. and Bindt. Co., (Juliet Macmillan New pages. York. $3.50.) 246 afford to study could well person Every 1952. York. 244 pages. $3.50.) could person freedomloving pVERY A. and digest W. practical volume, this book it.—/. most A j Sixteen profitably. this read book

those'to will help both do much fleeing frommen, and children, women, STORY STRANGE THE as those as well blind wish newly who sailed across the Attyranny, Russian EARTH OF OUR detailed informato help them. The thirtysix-foot lantic, miles, 8000 in a

sloop to find refuge in free America. (A. Hyatt Verrill. E. C. Page and Com* tion given will prove invaluable to the

pany, Inc., Boston, Mass. 254 pages. one who has suddenly lost his eyeIt is an entrancing story of high adventure, but above all a lesson in love of $3.75.) sight since it will help him to get a

liberty. Do we of this land value our ""pHE author has here added a splendid sane, hopeful point of view, without

freedom as we should?—/. A. W. volume to his earlier series of having to overcome the hopeless feelstrange stories of shells, insects, reping. This is a book that those with

THAT SWEETHEART tiles, birds, and animals. With great eyesight should also read, for it will

MOTHER OF MINE skill, and in beautiful language, the give them an understanding and ap- (Nicholas G. Morgan, Sr. Published by story is told of the earth, as revealed by preciation for those who must live in

author. Salt Lake City, Utah. $3.50.) itself, so simply that readers of all a darkened world.—M. C. /.

652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it takes What to find oil for you

Not tOO long OgO/ within the memory of living men, exploration for new petroleum deposits here in the West was a matter of discovering oil seeps or drilling on "hunch."But even hunches had a reasonable chance

of success. Although methods were primitive, the early Western fields were

brought into production at a cost which nowadays would seem extremely low.

It fS not SO easy today. Most of the easily discoverin the great new search for oil, Standard alone has spent

able deposits have been found. But Standard geologists, more than $230,000,000 in the last 5 years. Result: U.S.

using seismograph and the latest electronic methods, are companies altogether have found enough untapped petrocombing every promising part of America, from Louisiana leum to give this country its highest oil reserve in history swamps to the Arctic Circle... and many foreign countries four times greater than that of 30 years ago. Geologists

as well. <I As oil has become more difficult and expensive to estimate that there are still 1500 billion barrels of undisproduce, your demand has become greater. More and more covered oil in the earth. Standard Oil Company of California

of the good things in your life depend on petroleum for fuel, does everything possiblein large scale exploration to increase or lubrication, or their actual ingredients, f To do its share available reserves.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

SEPTEMBER 1952 653 Florida hurricane, and solving the mystery surrounding a strange old they they day found one beachcomber, CHILDREN'S READING Florida shoes,"and had "sand in their

BOB CLIFTON, ELEPHANT THE BAD LITTLE DUCKHUNTER was truly home. D. L. G.

HUNTER (Margaret Wise Brown. William R. HENRY HUGGINS

(Dock Hogue. Henry Holt and Co., Scott, Inc., New York. $1.50.) (Beverly Cleary. William Morrow &

New York. 151 pages. $2.50.) "Voiing children will enjoy the trials Company, New York. 1950. 155 pages.

'"Phis is an exciting story of sixteenof the misguided duckhunter as he $2.00.)

yearold Bob Clifton's experiences tries without success to shoot the ducks, "pVERY boy loves a dog, and Henry as a government elephant hunter in and finally makes friends of them inHuggins was no exception. And

presentday Africa. From the time stead. he proved his dog to be as good as or

Bob downs his first elephant to the Each page is profusely illustrated in better than anyone else's in the neightime he is captured by the wartlike pastel colors.—E. J. M. borhood. He also loved guppies, and

Kitawalas at the instigation of treacherous the THE RIGHT DOG FOR JOE them.filled allWhilehis mother'ssome of hisfruitexperiencesjars with Salvador covets Diaz, who

the position as government hunter, (Iremengarde Eberle. Dodd, Mead & are a bit unusual, they are humorous

the book is packed with action. Bob's Co., New York. 1949. 197 pages. and entertaining. They are written in

parents own a coffee plantation in the $2.50. plain, everyday language to typify the

Belgian Congo, and frequent reference "VITho does not have a warm spot in American boy of eight or ten. B. S.

life his for heart a whose boy coffee tea theto use deof and may CITY LET'S THE UNDER LOOK in are a hopes up and woundtract the to book's value from dog—any young Schneider. William Nina and (Herman the that meets adopts and him on dog S. readers. L.L. D. G. D. Inc., 1950. York. 37 Scott, R. New is for right there street? a But dog

PICNIC WOODS Joe. And children from eight to twelve pages. $1.50.)

(Lilian Robertson. Harcourt, Brace will be enthralled by the way Joe gets /hildren will gain from this youngand Co., New York. 1949. $2.00.) that special collie. A. L. Z., Jr. science book a clear and impresof nature of sive the picture complex little this out, story/leverly worked RED JOKER city. in In the conveniences modern picnic deals that basket a with was S. Johnson. (Margaret Morrow, New is told story the pictures and words beforepacked he went Mr. by Fox pages. York. 95 $2.00.) electricity, heatplumbing, of modernfishing, squirrels, didn't the see he but

Irish setter, his obtained Joke, ing, service. estelephone Boys and An didn't didn't the raccoon, seewho who

it the find he will stimulating. because one pecially name odd was Bound

rabbit, bear, didn't the thesee see who five. litter of after the of a Ace, in boards. B. S. Only over paper didn't the beavers, didn't seewho who

colt, the Fisher to thoroughbred came rats, didn't the the see water HIT who RUN AND did the respect the earn farm of dog Co., Mill Decker. S. and them! (Duane C. saw M. J.seefox—who of farm. the the owners horse When Co., York. William Morrow & New thieves of they neceshad, took Ace,

1949. pages. 188 $2.50.) APPLE'SMR. FAMILY

sity, too. to Finally take the Joke,

Co., McDevitt. (Jean Doubleday & athnimble, deserving, Fiske, /hip caught them, and earned law the Joke City, 1950. 118 pages. Y. N.Garden letic, big baseball desired league a full right to be as known Joker Red

$2.00.) career, the handicapped but from was instead of the only ]. C. Joke. M.

HThe five little Apples, all with names first by his small stature. During his

of Apples, learned to love their litSHADOW OF THE HAWK struggle up, he meets Kennie Willard, tle home in the country, which they (Geoffrey Trease. Harcourt, Brace also ambitious for a big league career,

helped to paint and clean up, and the & Co. New York. Illustrated. 1949. and also with a handicap—he is

animals that they learned to care for, 236 pages. $2.50.) colored. Together they help each

as well as the apples that finally made Voiing Alan Drayton, a university other toward their mutual achievement.

it possible for the Apples to buy the student, inspired with a love for—A. L. Z., Jr.

little house and the apple orchard. learning, plans with Erasmus, his JUDY'S BABY

Young people from six to nine will teacher, and a Venetian printer, Aldus, (Sally Scott. Harcourt, Brace, and

find it enjoyable reading. M. C. /. to search for a manuscript of an anCo., New York. 45 pages. $1.75.)

PRICELESS MOMENT hiddencient Greekaway playin a whichmonasteryhas inbeena Judyregardhad toconflictingher relationshipemotionswithwithher (Gertrude E. Mallette. Doubleday & experiences country. Alan's Balkan the following baby's mother new

Inc., City, GardenCompany, New fifteenthcentury through as he travels arrival. she her mother and How pages.York. 214 $2.00.) excitingly told are and should Europe again found and problems solved the

/ERTAINLY, a girl of high school age make good reading for young and pleasure in each other as well as in could find no more fascinating or old alike.—E. ]. M. the baby might well help in many a

interesting for project vacation reallife L. similar summer G. situation.—D. IN HER SHOES SAND Collietime movies. than home How Harcourt, Lawrence. (Mildred RING WHITE Brace THE spent her earned andDunsmuir summer 21-1 pages. Co., York. and Harcourt, New Brace Tregarthen. (Enys for year's her schooling nextmoney

with a movie camera is entertainingly $2.25.) and Co., New York. 1949. $2.00.)

told. It is unfortunate that the tooTLTome in Florida was quite different 7V delightful fairy story with a setmodern touch has been added. Mystery from home in the North, and ting against the Cornish headlands,

and romance are fascinating to young Dorrit and Sandy weren't at all sure this book will captivate young and old and old alike, but when murder is init would ever really be home. After who read it. While clearly a fairy

volved, even though it is accidental helping as reporters on the Clarion, story, it teaches also the necessity of death, it seems to be in poor—E.taste.J. M. hada smallpurchased,weekly newspaperliving throughtheir afatherreal kindlywould reachdeeds theandhighestselflessjoy.—M.love if C.oneJ.

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How much is five cubic yards of education?

N TERMS of Utah Copper's production, ing for one student. We can put it another way: In

five cubic yards of education is a day 1951 Utah Copper tax paid the cost of educating and a half of schooling for each student in Utah. 30,542 or more than 20% of the state's average

Here's how we arrive at a cubic yard measuredaily attendance of 147,819 students up to and ment of education: Last year the dippers of the including high school.

giant electric shovels bit into the ore body of the The millions of cubic yards of copper ore mined

Bingham mine 3,879,725 times and scooped out each year mean millions of days of education for

an average of five cubic yards each time. Utah's young people, an opportunity to acquire

During the year, Utah Copper paid $5,228,250 the knowledge and training needed for a better life.

in taxes to the state school fund. In other words, Millions of cubic yards of copper ore mean to us

each loaded dipper meant $1.35 in school taxes, and all the benefits that come from large tax payments,

in our state that pays for a day and a half of schoolpayrolls and supply purchases.

UTAH COPPER DIVISION KENNECOTT COPPER CORPORATION "A good neighbor helping T to build a better Utah"

SEPTEMBER 1952 655 MEMBERS OF THE BEEHIVE BOOK CLUB WILL

ENJOY ALL THESE ADVANTAGES

The Beehive Book Club was founded to enable L.D.S. members to build a library

of worthwhile books on Church subjects at a substantial saving. Whether they are

text, doctrinal, historical, or faithpromoting books, every one of them will lend culture and distinction to your home.

Never before has any book club offered volumes like these. Only through special arrangements with publishers of the best in Mormon literature is it possible to

make this offer to L.D.S. families.

It costs you nothing to belong to the Beehive Book Club. You pay only for

the books you want. Each month the club's editors review for you four books—one

new book and one other previously published L.D.S. classic from each of two major

publishers of L.D.S. literature. These comprehensive monthly reviews will be mailed

to your home together with an order form. After reading the reviews, you return the

order form with your selection indicated. With every FOURTH selection you order,

you will receive a valuable bonus book absolutely FREE.

As a Beehive Book Club member, you not only enjoy the privileges of being one of the first to obtain newly published books and a free bonus book with every fourth selection, but you pay no more than you would through buying them direct from the publishers. And remember, too, that you may drop your membership at any time...

you enroll for no fixed term.

.;.. '.:;:

ANY TWO OF THESE BOOKS

Htg Seveulys Course I FREE iciHM v miNf; TO NEW MEMBERS

BOOKSEVERYMEMBER WILL CHERISHA LIFETIME

Old Testament Bible Stories, by Emma Marr Petersen Seventy's As an introduction to the Beehive Book Club, you may choose The

Course in Theology, by any two of the four books pictured at the left. You are invited to

B. H. Roberts

Brigham Young accept them as our gift when you order your first book from the the Colonizer, by Milton R. selection at the top of the ad. They're filled with inspirational teachHunter

Gospel Themes, by John A. ings to make your life more enjoyable and peaceful. Widtsoe

THE ONLY BOOK CLUB DEVOTED ENTBRELY TO L.D.S. LITERATURE

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA >OK CLUB DEVOTED RELY TO L.D.S. LITERATURE

Start Your Membership Now with One of these Richly Inspired Volumes!

Listed below are five outstanding books that hold a high place in Church literature. These excellent titles have gone into thousands of homes,

providing doctrinal information to those who desire to live their religion.

Check them over and begin your membership now with the one of your choice.

BOOK OF MORMON STORIES, for Young L D. S.,

by Emma Marr Petersen Now your children can quickly grasp the best known and the best loved stories of the Book of Mormon. These inspiring,

factual teachings have been especially written for them. This

volume is destined to become a classic that will live on for generations.

L.D.S. SCRIPTURES,

by Gilbert Charles Orme Here's the first and only Church reference book with a handy side index... some 2,000 references and 219 subjects at your

fingertips. Complete references on four standard works of

the Church.

ON THE WAY TO IMMORTALITY AND ETERNAL by J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

Assembled in this one volume are the inspirational radio talks by President Clark. It's a thorough account of a highly significant search for

truth and the outcome... clarifying the historical necessity for the

restoration of the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ.

JESUS THE CHRIST, by James E. Talmage

You'll enjoy reading this volume that presents a richly inspired study of the

Messiah and his mission according to Holy Scriptures, both Ancient and Modem.

JOSEPH SMITH, Seeker After Truth, by Dr. John A. Widtsoe

that gives It's a book of the into the greatness a rich insight Prophet Joseph Smith. Contains $350 heretofore unpublished facts concerning many accomplishments. his life and

THIS COUPON MAKES YOU A MEMBER WITH ALL PRIVILEGES

Book of Mormon Stories for BEEHIVE BOOK CLUB

Young L D. S P.P. O.O. BoxBox 2271,151, SaltTerminalLake CityAnnex,UtahLos Angeles 54, California

L. D. S. Scriptures CASH C.O.D

On the Way to Immortality Gentlemen: (Include State Tax)

and Eternal Life Please enroll me as a member in the Beehive Book Club and send as a free gift the following two bonus books free with my first selection, which I have checked at the

Jesus the Christ left. I understand that I will receive a FREE Bonus Book for each additional four

selections I buy. I also understand that I can drop my membership at any time.

Joseph Smith, Seeker After Truth

NAME.

ADDRESS

CITY, ZONE, STATE INDICATE THE TWO G'FT BOOKS WANTED:

Old Testament Bible Stories n Brigham Young the Colonizer

The Seventy's Course in Theology O Gospel Themes

SEPTEMBER 1952 657 PRESIDENT McKAY VISITS EUROPE Asbestos KENITEX The "Magical"

Exterior Finish

Kenitix is pressure sealed to sidewalls in one lowcost application. This revolutionary

finish is shot by powerful air pressure—fills cracks and

holes, hides ugly flaws, gives a beautiful texture that's actually thicker than 10 coats of paint! Applied without fuss,

muss, or odor by specially trained workmen!

NEW SIDEWALL BEAUTY!

10 DISTINCTIVE COLORS!

ELIMINATES COSTLY REPAIRING!

perfect journey. end of a President The and Sister David for pause O. McKay FIRE RETARDENT-

a at the of their door home, moment after coming the depot, from were where they WATERPROOF! greeted hundreds of wellwishers. by

INSULATES AGAINST HEAT AND COLD! (Continued from page 635) Canada, August 26, 1923; Mesa,

INCREASES BUILDING Berne is enclosed on three sides by Arizona, October 23, 1927; and

VALUE! the River Aar. Idaho Falls, Idaho, September 23,

LIFE EXPECTANCY 15 TO Students of the Church know that 1945.

is now under construction 20 YEARS! two temples were constructed and A temple

at Los Angeles, California. The...WITHOUT CHIPPING, dedicated in the middlewest—at

CRACKING OR PEELING! Kirtland, Ohio, and Nauvoo, Illinois. Church also holds a site at Oakland,

Persecution forced the Saints from California, where a temple will be

Insist on genuine asbestos KENITEX Kirtland and the building, after lying built.

for complete satisfaction! idle and desecrated for many years, Two other sites for temples were

was acquired by the Reorganized dedicated in the days of the Prophet information today Get FREE on of Christ of Jesus Church Latter Day this "new magic for your home"!

Saints. was Nauvoo The Temple Josephlaid—at SmithIndependence,and the Missouri,cornerstonesand

destroyed by fire soon after the mobs at Far West, Missouri. Today the

of the sixtythree Church owns much city. forced the evacuation of the QjtijdatwnA 9JVC. acres originally designated at the enemies the used The of the Church

1349 So. Main Salt Lake City, Utah lot, Independence temple but does building—which Phone 844393 not acres the where own the three the symbol of the in Church—tomany eyes ventwas

INSULATIONS, INC. their anger, and destroyed it. Later temple cornerstone was placed by the

1349 So. Main Street the walls were blown down by a torProphet Joseph Smith on August 3,

Salt Lake City, Utah nado. 1831. That parcel of land is owned

Name by the Church of Christ (Temple 5treet There are eight temples now in use Lot), one of the factions which broke by the Church. Their location and from the Church following the Phone

of dates St. are: dedication George,

of the martyrdom the Prophet and... City State Zone April 6, Utah, Logan, 1877; Utah, Patriarch. of The Church Jesus if Check here wish you a representa17, 1884; Manti, Utah, May May Christ of Saints Latterday repurtive to call (no obligation of course} Salt 21, City, 1888; April Lake Utah,

lot chased the temple West, at Far

Convenient time and day 6, Laie, 1893; Hawaii, Oahu, NovemMissouri, in 1909.

ber 27, 1919; Cardston, Alberta, (Continued on page 660)

658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now Available To Deseret News Readers

ACCIDENTAL DEATH

INSURANCE PROGRAM

Less than 2c a day insures Deseret News subscribers and their families against 8 Dread Diseases, plus a $500 Accidental Death benefit for the subscriber.

The Deseret News makes it possible for subIf you are not now a Deseret News subscriber, scribers to insure their families against 8 dread you may take advantage of this lowcost insurance diseases, with up to $5,000 for treatment costs for program by subscribing to the Deseret News daily any of the specified diseases, at the amazingly low and Sunday at the time you wish to apply for the cost of just 50c per month! insurance.

-NO PHYSICAL EXAMINATION IS NECESSARY -

THE COST—25c a month for single subscriber; 50c per month

for the individual, spouse, and each unmarried child over 14 days and under 18 years old. Premiums may be paid monthly,

$5,000,00 quarterly, semiannually, or annually.

—Will Be Paid For Treatment Of: WHAT THE INSURANCE COVERSHospitalization (room,

Poliomyelitis board and all customary services), Medicines, Nursing, Iron Lung, Blood Transfusion, Ambulance, Braces and Crutches.

Leukemia Up to $5,000 for period of 2 years after contraction of disease.

Scarlet Fever Encephalitis ELIGIBILITY—Everyone except those who have any of the 8

diseases specified.

Diphtheria This insurance is available only through the Deseret News and may be obtained by subscribers simply by clipping an

Spinal Meningitis application blank from the newspaper, filling it in and mailing it, along with the first month's premium payment, to

Smallpox Deseret News Insurance Program, Box 1257, Salt Lake City.

Tetanus For Complete Information See Your $500 will be paid in the event of non - occupational Accidental

Death of the Subscriber.

SEPTEMBER 1952 659 PRESIDENT McKAY VISITS EUROPE e:tt&&&a&3.-

(Continued from page 658) God, For a Prophet."The following

Speaking of the position of the day, Sunday, he attended and adDeseret Church on templebuilding, Presidressed four outstanding meetings in dent Wilford Woodruff said on Copenhagen—a priesthood meeting,

September 16, 1877: a Sunday School conference, a misBook Co, "This is a preparation necessary sionary meeting, and an evening

=><55re for the second advent of the Savior; meeting.

and when we shall have built the June 16 he flew to Oslo, Norway, there more meetings were where contemplated, now we willYour temples missionaries. with Saints and to then begin see the necessity of

Special building others, for in proportion to Sweden was next. The Swedish

the diligence of our labors in this diMission had advanced the M.I.A.

originally conference, rection, will scheduled the exyouth we comprehend

Gefle, to to 14, at tent of theBELL and HOWELL the work June 20 July 10 to be done, and present is only a beginning. When to 25, and held it at Stockholm, to

Representative for the Savior comes, a thousand years coincide with the President's visit.

will be devoted to this work of reHere he addressed 128 missionaries the Intermountain Area demption; and temples will appear and spoke at several youth meetings,

(See advertisement opposite page) all over the land of Joseph—North as well as other meetings of the Saints.

and South America—and also in On Sunday, June 22, he addressed a

Europe and elsewhere; and all the public meeting in the Medborgarhuset

descendants of Shem, Ham, and (Citizen's House), at Stockholm.

Japheth, who received not the gospel As the party boarded the plane in the flesh, must be officiated for Monday morning, June 23, three in the temples of God, before the hundred Swedish Saints and misSavior can present the kingdom to the sionaries began to sing "Happy BirthFather, saying, 'It is finished.'day to You"—in English. It was the

(Journal of Discourses, 19:229230.) seventyfifth birthday of Sister Emma

Briefly this is the log of the PresiRay Riggs McKay, and they were to dent's tour: spend part of it flying to Helsinki,

He arrived in Scotland June 2, Finland. Arriving there she was

surprised by the missionaries with a where he dedicated a chapel in Glasbirthday cake and a real American gow. There were three hundred

birthday party. Finland is the youngmembers and friends in attendance

est of the Church missions in Europe, there. On June 4 he dedicated a and this was the first time a President

chapel in Edinburgh.

of the Church had visited that naHe attended to special Church tion. Those humble Saints made the

business in England, and of that he was visit. While addressed most

help in solving See us for your new

Saints at a conference thousand the entered candidates there twelve reone for certified problems or equipment service pair machines. your present on in London, June 8. waters of baptism—and four hundred Enrich with the your programs soundfilms of the L.D.S. Conference proceedSwitzerland took his attention next, fifty members and friends assembled

ings available are to speak. which to at no you hear him He met Finland's trip there, quiet- a quick and he made

is cost. rich selection Also available a K. Paasikivi, President, in an ofJuho site selecting a for a temat Berne films libraries of feature of ly the from

Films Incorporated for whom the Desple. ficial interview. In talking with John

eret Book Co. is exclusive Intermountain Cabot of the United States Embassy

distributor. Then came the Netherlands, where in Finland, President McKay dishe addressed 115 missionaries at a covered that Mr. Cabot had served

his dinner given in he honor, and Clark, Jr., President under J. Reuben

greeted later addressed a large and United Clark President was the when

Deseret wasgatheringaccordedof Saints.a thirtyminuteOn June inter12 he States Ambassador to Mexico. to Hamburg, Germany next—first view with Queen Juliana. Saints assembled nine hundred where BookCo, As the plane touched Danish soil to hear his message directed to the

on June 14 President McKay heard young people.

two hundred voices burst into song. Then Berlin, and where life is

The words were strange, but the music hard, it seems easier to live religiousMain Store—44 E. So. Temple was familiar—"Come, Come, Ye ideals. There were over twentysix

Saints."While he was checking hundred Saints assembled here in the DIAL 3-6716 through customs at the airport, the Sunday afternoon session. Chapels

VISUAL AIDS DEPT. "concert"from the missionaries and were dedicated by the President at

1400 Indiana Ave. - 4-1861 Saints continued with "Now Let Us Charlottenburg, in northwest Berlin,

Rejoice"and "We Thank Thee, O (Continued on page 662) 660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Now you can make lowcost sound movies

Here is the longawaited Filmosound 202, the 16mm old sound movies. And in each case, you can change the

Bell & Howell recording projector that lets you make sound as often as you like!

sound movies without professional experience or costly If you aren't already using sound films, the Filmoequipment, project any 16mm film, silent or sound. sound 202 will give you an entirely new concept of

Now you can make your own sound movies... add their value to your church organization. For full inforsound to old silent films... or a second sound track to mation, mail the coupon today.

the sensational, new 16mm Filmosound RECORDING PROJECTOR Guaranteed for life. During the life of the product, any defect in material or workmanship

will be remedied free (except transportation)

Record your message right on the film Your own interpretation of religious as it is being projected onto the screen films to conform with the teachings of your Bell & Howell Company, through your Filmosound 202. Simple conchurch is made possible by the Filmosound 7177 McCormick Road, Chicago 45, Illinois

trols, foolproof mechanisms. Playback lets 202. You can reach every age level simply Please send me without cost or obligation

you correct recording errors immediately. by changing the sound message as desired. fullmoviesinformationwith the onnewmakingFilmosoundlowcost202.sound

Name You buy for life Organizationwhen you buy CityAddress -County....State.. Bell &Howell

SEPTEMBER 1952 661 President McKay Visits Europe This delicious hot wheat cereal is (Continued from page 660) June 28; and at Dahlem, in northeast Berlin, June 29.

After returning to Salt Lake City, ENRICHED President McKay told the story of a mother, ill with paralysis and bedridden in the Russian zone, who had sent her two children, at great sacrifice, to attend the conference in BerWITH TOASTED lin. She had admonished them to be

sure "to touch the Prophet's hands"and come home and touch hers that she might receive a blessing from him. WHEAT GERM President McKay responded and

for extra nutrition, rich flavor gave the youngsters his handkerchief and blessing to take home to their mother.

of the. A real family cereal. It gives adults A missionary, Mabel Behlin,

S getup-andgo...gives babies and growSalt Lake City Seventeenth Ward,

ing children an important part of their said of this episode: "Those two kiddaily Vitamin B-l requirement. Tastes dies stayed with us in the mission

wonderful because the wheat germ in home. I'll never forget when the

Wheat Hearts is gently toasted to bring out the full, rich missionaries all lined up for me to exwheaty flavor. change Ost into West Marks—this

Many doctors recommend Wheat Hearts because of its high little fellow, after I had told him he content of wheat germ, rich in Thiamine (Vitamin B-l). didn't need carfare as he could go

Wheat Hearts is actually 20% wheat germ...6 times richer with us—told me, very businesslike,

in Vitamin B-l than whole wheat itself. that he and his sister needed to exAlso provides abundant food energy! Good musclebuilding change so that they could buy some

proteins! Valuable carbohydrates such as iron and phosphorus. food to take back to mother to make

her strong. Well, I tell you these

So easy to digest, so mild and safe that it can be used as baby's first cereal when prepared according to your doctor s directions. kiddies got some money together before they were through."

Cooks in 3 minutes. Costs less than a penny for a big serving.

Eat Wheat Hearts, piping hot and delicious, every morning. President McKay dedicated a

It's thrifty, quick and vitamin rich. chapel at Hanover, June 30, and then

went on to Frankfurt, where he adValuable Silverware Coupon on every dressed a conference of the West Gerpackage! Redeemable for lovely "Queen Bess"man Mission, July 2, at a gathering of

Plate Oneida Community made by Tudor over one thousand people.

Silverware Silversmiths. you're proud to own.

A complete set is easy to get! President McKay arrived in SwitzerFor Martha Meade Success Recipes using land, July 3, for a tour of the mission.

Wheat Hearts in desserts, cookies and other Sunday, July 6, was another "conto Meade, ways, Martha wTrite Sperry Home ference Sunday"—and a day full of Francisco San Service Dept., 6, California.

meetings—this time at Basel. He

noted that eighteen months ago the

So good... and so good for you Church membership in and around

Basel had been "very much depleted"because of emigration to America, but that "today there are more members here than there were eighteen months '""M B i.! t M -m ago."WHEAT And then to France—where the

""*'w*w, President inspected the new mission in Paris. his fourday During home % France, stay in off from took time he $ HEARTS meeting with missionaries, Saints, and

their friends, to visit the United

Anotherfine product of Sperry...for 100years a leader in the West

States Ambassador to France, James "SPERRY,""WHEAT HEARTS,"AND "MARTHA MEADE"ARE REGISTERED TRADE MARKS OF GENERAL MILLS, INC. Dunn, who mentioned the respect he,

Fri. at Breakfast to Sperry on Mon., 7:45 a.m. Listen Wed. News KSL and

too, held for President J. Reuben

Fri. Station thru your Bill Ring at 1:00 p.m. on Mon. the new Show now ABC and

(Concluded on page 664) 662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SEPTEMBER 1952 663 PRESIDENT McKAY VISITS EUROPE RUGGED- (Concluded from page 662) at Buckingham Palace, given by

STRONG whenClark, PresidentJr., under Clarkwhom washe workedin the QueenThe followingElizabeth SundayII. he attended

State Department. At a conference Sunday School and priesthood meetin Paris, over fifty percent ing at Glasgow and addressed Saints -1-PIECE meeting

of the actual enrolment of the entire from Edinburgh and Glasgow at the mission was in attendance. new chapel in Glasgow.

Then back to England, almost his July 22 found him at the airport second home in Europe. It was here in Prestwick, Scotland, this time

that he came three decades ago as boarding a plane for the UnitedSTRAND President of the European Mission. States. He arrived in New York the

He made a hurried trip to Wales, adfollowing day, where he took a train GARAGE DOORS dressed a large assembly of Saints for Salt Lake City. He arrived the

at Cardiff, and visited his mother's evening of July 26, and was greeted of Galvannealed Steel birthplace; then returned to London at the station by hundreds of friends

to be in attendance at a garden party and admirers.

"AS UNTO THE BOW-"

(Continued from page 639) "Canute!"the surprised mother

so clear and bright that we can see cried. "I've never heard you talk like

Bergen, fourteen miles away. This that before."

fjord here, with its several arms or "You've never told me anything as sorry, before. that awful as I'm the far out into extending branches

onepiece, welded Rugged, allsteel, the I thought loved but Mother, you fjord. is called the Hardanger lifetime perocean construction assures

formance—no sagging or warping. See on that farthest east of all of farm and our home so much."

Strong trussed frame. Easy to operthe Hardanger fjords stands the little "I do. It almost breaks my heart

ate—always. Quicker to install. Galparish of Edifjord, named for the to have to leave it, but your father

vannealed with hot galvanized zinc fjord Edifjord, meaning the end of says it will be better for us, so, of coat for rust protection, ovenbaked the fjord, and now you can see more course, it will."

to provide a clinging base for paint. of the patches of fertile soil among The uprooting and moving was a

the black mountains where the farms difficult task, but the Lilla Os soon are. I want you to look well and became a beautiful attractive place

remember, because you won't be under the skilful hands of Peter and coming up here much longer to herd Herborg, with the help of ambitious the flock every day."Canute.

"Why not, Mother? Doesn't Father "Dor four years they lived on this

think that I am doing it well prosperous little farm, then one enough?"day Peter came home bursting with

FOR 16'X 7'OPENING "No, lad, that isn't it; your father news, "Herborg, Canute,"he called

Designed for an unobstructed openis well pleased with you. Just the as he bustled into the kitchen, "we

ing 16'wide. Shipped in two secother day he told me that there are going to America!"

tions, complete with hardware, wasn't a lad in the world that was "To America?"they both shouted

quickly assembled. Hot galvanized as dependable and good with the in unison.

for rust protection—annealed to proflocks as you are.""Yes, to America, there is a group

for paint. Easy base vide a clinging so glad he, Mother? he "Did I am I leave getting ready to right away.

cost. in operating—low is it? that. thinks Then what Why dollars four borrowed have hundred

won't I be coming here to herd?"from Torre Kettleson to pay for our

"Well,"the mother faltered, then immigration to America and made arSee Your Local struggled on, "you see, your father rangements to sell the farm. So now

has a chance to trade our farm for we'll begin packing the things we

LUMBER DEALER a place called the Lilla Os. Father can take with us, and we'll soon be

says it is a nice place, and he is sure on our way to glorious America. Isn't

we will like it."that wonderful?"

-MERRILL & CO. MORRISON "Oh! But, Mother, he can't sell "I suppose it is."Distributors Building Material

205 NO. 3rd WEST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH our lovely home, our beautiful barn, "You suppose? Aren't you happy

is Canute?"*OISE, TWIN fAUS, POCAT6UO, IDAHO RENO, NEVADA and everything! I won't go! You about it? Where

can leave me here."(Continued on page 666)

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA INow Doctor Fred's a happy "med"... thanks to

one of the greatest services ever offered the motoring public—a service that helps engines last longer, perform better, use less gasoline and oil!

It's exactly the same service that kept test cars new in Conoco's spectacular "50,000 Miles—No HERE'S CONOCO'S "50,000 MILES—NO WEAR"SERVICE

Wear"road test! At proper intervals, Your Conoco Mileage Merchant will:

1,000mile test, 50,000mile with In that famous out Drain grit and sludge, preferably while the enfilter service, car test proper drains and is hoi! engines % gine

showed no wear of any consequence: in fact, an average of less than one onethousandth inch on cylinTjy Recondition all air and oil filters!

last for the Gasoline mileage crankshafts. ders and fc% Fill the erankcase with great Conoco Super Motor Oil!

for as the as good miles 99.77% was actually 5,000

first 5,000.

Now you can get this same 1-2-3 "50,000 MilesNo Wear"Service, at your Conoco Mileage Merchant's today!

HELPS YOUR ENGINE LAST LONGER,

PERFORM BETTER, USE LESS GASOLINE AND OIL! This is a

HEAVY DUTY 1952CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY OIL

SEPTEMBER 1952 665 "AS UNTO THE BOW-

(Continued from page 664) hayloft ladder, she could hear the "I agree with you, Canute, and I

In the excitement, the parents had muffled sobs of her boy. hate to leave it, too, just as much as

not noticed that the boy had left Going over to him, she sat down you do, but many of our friends the room. on the hay beside him, whereupon, have gone, and you know what glow-

"Where is he, Herborg? Let's find the startled boy threw his arms ing letters they write to us about

him. I wonder why he left?"around her and sobbed on her shoulAmerica."

"Let's just let him be, Peter. I der. The big tears rolled down Herborg's

think I know where he is.""Oh, Mother, why must we always cheeks as she steeled herself to con-

A little while later Herborg went be leaving the places we love most? vince her son.

out into the barn and up into the Who wants to go to America, anyhayloft where she knew she would way? I don't. No place on earth

find her son. As she came up the could be as lovely as Norway."The first part of the trip to America was made on the common Hardanger yacht to Gothenburg, Sweden.

From there they sailed in a brig to

New York City. The two weeks'

trip on the ocean was rather unMore Power To You eventful to Canute, being torn between sorrow at leaving his homeland and the excitement of going to a new world—America!

From New York City the family went to Chicago, and from there they moved to the Norwegian settlement in LaSalle County, Illinois. They

were very glad to get to this settlement where there were so many of their countrymen living.

Among the settlers there were some of the first Norwegian settlers,

Quakers, having come to America for religious liberty.

Peter was very anxious to get a job

The engines in most of the new model cars require and earn the four hundred dollars to powerful motor fuel. Utoco Gasoline is ever meeting repay Torre Kettleson. He tried a railthis need through constant research, exhaustive tests splitting job and several others, but he

and continual improvements. was not well. He tried to conceal this

fact from Herborg as she was almost

Peter strugto wait even on herself.

after gled against discouragement one New All 'Round an invalid from rheumatism, unable another, battling against time and Performance ill health, until eight months after

The result of course, is extra fast starts, surging power, coming to this new land, he became and smooth, gliding performance under every motoring suddenly ill and passed away.

condition. You get top all 'round performance, regardless The depressing grief was almost

of season, because Utoco is balanced and blended at the more than Herborg could bear, herrefinery to meet the season's requirements. self an invalid with only her small

son in this strange land. Canute,

young though he was, shouldered the responsibilities for his mother. New Value

This all means new value for your money—increased Herborg and Canute felt very forvalue for your gasoline dollar through improved pertunate in being among wonderful

formance—when you use Utoco. friends. Among some of their best

Complete line of Atlas Tires, friends from Norway were the NelBatteries and Accessories sons, the Hougases, the Rosedals, the

Dahls, and the Jacobses.

43rd Year of Progress After the group of sorrowing friends and neighbors that comprised the funeral procession had left, Canute

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY stood alone by his father's grave, 666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA too proud to let his mother and in sympathy with the doctrine they strong embrace, their tears of joa friends witness the deep grief that expound, and I must confess that I and happiness and understanding was bursting his heart. When they have been reading and investigating, mingled.

had left, the tears came in a ceaseand I want to join them."In March 1842, Elder George P

less flood. And it was here, before The face that Canute turned to his Dykes came to the home of Canute

his Maker, that he promised he would mother was glorious to behold. When and his mother with the gospel mesprovide for his mother and pay back he could control his emotions suffisage. He presented the gospel plar

the money that they had borrowed ciently, he cried, "Mother, that is the in a very humble and sincere manner for their passage over. most glorious news that you could posThe message he brought struck a reWhen the flood of grief had spent sibly have told me. It is a direct ansponsive chord in the hearts of these

itself, Canute stood in mute silence swer to my prayers, because I, too, sincere, Godfearing Norwegians, anc until he felt a little hand creep into have become interested and have been many of them were baptized into the his, and turning he beheld Sara Ann investigating and am about to join the faith: the first were the families oj

Nelson, nineyear-old daughter of Mormons, but I wanted to talk to the Hougases and the Heirers.

Cornelius and Kari Nelson. She had you about it first."Canute and his mother were bapstood back until his grief was spent Taking his mother in his young, (Concluded on following page)

and then crept up to comfort him.

Eeing loath to see him left entirely alone, she had lingered unobservedwhen the group had left. She fully You'll find

sensed his desolation, having lost her in land dear father this newown just it at the into before. Looking Cantwo years

ute's eyes, she said, "I know it's hard,

Canute but we must be brave."

Feeling comforted, Canute took her hand, and together they walked slowly home.

Canute secured the services of

Johanna Dahl, a goodhearted Norwegian woman, to take care of his mother in their home so that he could go out to work and earn their livelihood. He worked very hard and // you're looking for:earnestly. He broke prairie sod in

the summer season and ran a threshUnexcelled study opportunities ing machine through the fall. Often An outstanding faculty

on Saturdays, after a week of hard Home state environment work, Canute would travel home on A friendly university foot. It would sometimes take him A balanced, study, social and athletic program

most of the night to make the trip You'll find all this...and much more at your State

to see his mother, but he always felt University.

that it was worth it if only to spend a few hours with her. As he grew

older, his main thoughts were for her comfort. He was always trying to

buy her little luxuries that he thought would make her happy.

He was very careful with his earnings and always had in mind that!"*'he should pay off the immigration fresh-"

debt. He managed to support his *'Septmother and pay off the debt to Torre

Kettleson before he was twenty years Work Startsold.—C\ass

When Canute came home one Saturday night, he sat on a little stool Sept at this mother's side, and Herborg stroked his hair as they conversed. for full information

"Canute,"Herborg said finally, "I write Office of the President have a confession to make to you."

"What is it, Mother?"

"Well, Canute,"she faltered, "the UNIVERSITYorUTAHMormon elders have been coming here to see me, and I am very much Salt Lake City 1, Utah

SEPTEMBER 1952 667 "AS'UNTO THE BOW-"(Concluded from preceding page) ute, John, and Swen often went to tized by Elder Lentl on August 12, the Nelsons where they were made so 1842, Canute helping with the bapwelcome.

tism of his mother. Also baptized

Sara Ann was a lovely girl, fourwith them were two of Canute's best teen years of age, and had become friends, Swen and John Jacobs.

interested in the doctrine that the

Kari Nelson, widow of Cornelius missionaries were teaching. She beNelson and mother of Sara Ann, gan going to their meetings. The

lived a few miles from the home of more she went, the more convinced

Canute and Herborg. She and her she became of the truthfulness of

husband, Cornelius, had sailed on the the gospel message. Her mother was

little sloop Rerstaurationen with their a strict Quaker and had no intention four children in 1825, just two years of joining the Latterday Saints, but before Sara Ann was born. They she was fair enough to allow her

Stainless had come with the group of Nordaughter to make her own decision, and when Sara Ann became conSheen wegianto America.QuakersTheyfromsettledNorwayfirst directnear

verted and was ready for baptism, her

Lake Ontario in Kendall Township, mother gave her consent for Sara

Orleans York, there County, and New mother's join to the Church. The Ann

16, February on 1827, Sara was Ann to were, daughter her words "God still born. Sara a While was Ann

child, that bless you, and now my llllillIISE Will MINT little girl, father died, her her and this religion, you've embraced new left family mother and Kendall Townbest the be member, worthy be a ship, Illinois. to York and moved New

possible."Mormon family soon The prosperous became New for of a great deal courage It took soil as the was very productive, and

* joining to Sara to consent Ann's Kari rubberbase they ambitious farmers. were

wall paint The Nelson homestead became the then unpopular Church, for at the famous for its hospitality to their time she joined persecution was rag-... less time to paint friends and neighbors, and even the ing against the Saints. weary travelers benefited from this When Sara Ann was seventeen

... more time to relax household of friendliness. Ofttimes, years old, she taught school in

when a weary, travelworn person LaSalle County, Illinois. She was

HERE is your miracle inferior would spend the night with the Neldearly beloved by her students, some finish—beyond compare in colors, sons, Kari would wash and mend of them almost as large as she was,

quality, durability and ease. his garments until he would scarcely but she was kind and intelligent and

Think of it—your entire room recognize them in the morning. had a keen sense of humor that enbeautifully new in an hour or two. Kindliness and food were given in deared her to all who knew her,,

Your furnishings all back in generous amounts to all who came young and old.

place only onehalf hour after there. It was no wonder that Can- (To be continued)

application—in the lovely

background you've dreamed of!

48 charming western colors you ONE HUNDRED YEARS WITHOUT PAIN apply so quickly, velvetsmooth (Continued from page 643) regained consciousness. To the rewith brush or roller. No priming, end of three minutes the patient sank lief of Dr. Morton and the amazement

sealing or preliminary fuss—into a state of unconsciousness. Dr. of the spectators, the patient testified

and no odor! Waterproof> Morton then turned to Dr. Warren, that he had felt no pain whatever.

washable,for years. Before you repeating the surgeon's own words: Then with great sincerity and condecorate—investigate! "Sir, your patient is ready."viction, Dr. Warren announced to his

At Pabco dealers everywhere, As was customary, Dr. Warren associates, "Gentlemen, this is no

or send postcard for free color raised his knife carefully in order not humbug!"

swatches and information to:, to frighten the patient. Attending It was a great victory for the

physicians were ready to hold the young medical student and practising struggling man at the first surge of dentist, then just twentyseven years

STAINLESS pain. The spectators were alert for old. Two years previous to this time,

SHEEN crieswas heard.of suffering.NeitherButwasnottherea soundany Dr.anotherMortonyounghad dentist,been associatedDr. Horacewith

Products, Pabco Inc. physical struggle. Wells, both of whom had specialized St. 475 Brannan

San Francisco 19 It seemed to Dr. Morton that the in teeth extractions. The need for a

operation would never end. Each paindeadener to alleviate suffering

minute seemed timeless. He was during extractions provided the innervous and impatient. Finally the centive that started Dr. Morton on

tumor was removed, and the patient his search.

668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA At first, Dr. Morton relieved pain

by the then familiar method of giving brandy or champagne internally to the point of intoxication. He recognized this method as being too variable and unscientific. Realizing a

greater knowledge of medicine was necessary for his success, he enrolled at once in the Harvard Medical

School.

For the next two years Dr. Morton

attended the Harvard Medical School clinics, continued his research, and carried on a parttime dental practice.

During this period he came under the influence of Dr. Charles T. Jackson,

noted physician and scientist, who suggested the external use of sulphuric ether to lessen pain. Dr.

Jackson knew that sulphuric ether,when applied locally, would abate TWOFISTED JOURNALISM suffering, but he believed it was deadly poison when inhaled. It was Twofisted journalism is essential to the national welfare

up to Dr. Morton to experiment with in these dangerous times. The trouble with twofisted journalether, to purify it, and to prove it

ism is that it often means Yellow Journalism—vicious and irrecould produce, insensibility to pain

through inhalation without danger sponsible.

to the patient. FORTNIGHT believes in being "twofisted"when circumit knows what it's talking about. After nearly two years of trial and stances warrant and when

error research, Dr. Morton experiWe pick our enemies (causes and individuals alike) with care;

mented with purified sulphuric ether then seek to expose them within strict limitations of fair play on birds and animals, and finally and good taste.

tried the anesthetic on himself. Of This is no easy assignment.

this selfexperiment, he wrote: Judging from correspondence with readers and from the

is now the fastest growing magazine I shut myself up in my room; and seated fact that FORTNIGHT

myself in the operating chair and comin the nation, our particular kind of "twofisted journalism"menced inhaling.... It partially suffocated seems to be widely appreciated.

me but produced no decided effect. I then

saturated my handkerchief and inhaled it Perhaps you have friends who would appreciate FORTfrom that. I looked at my watch and soon NIGHT as much as you do. Here is a handy subscription

lost consciousness. As I recovered, I felt a coupon.

numbness in my limbs with a sensation like a nightmare and would have given the world for someone to come and arouse me.

... At length I felt a slight tingling of

the finger blood third in the end and of my Fortnight to touch an effort it withmade thumb my but without success. At a second effort I California's Own Newsmagazine

touched it but there seemed to be no sensation.... I pinched my thigh.... sensation was imperfect.... I immediately 1

looked at my watch. I had been insensible

between seven and eight minutes.... FORTNIGHT '"j

Los Angeles 46, California This selfexperiment took place 1846. After theSeptember proving

!! Gentlemen:efficacy of sulphuric ether on himself,

for for enter Please office in hisDr. a subscription the undersigned for waited Morton iW

the first dental patient he i on whom 2 years, 5 years, $5.00 [j 1 year, $3.00 $10.00 experiacould complete more make

ment. Before long a young man

!came to him and consented to have a Name

painful tooth removed under the injfluence of ether inhalation. When Address

the extraction was completed and the

jpatient had regained consciousness, City & Zone State

(Continued on following page) i

SEPTEMBER 1952 669 >limiillill|ill I Inn I HiIiiIiTCIii One Hundred Years ill WB:: Without Pain

felt nothing and;|B's*il: III he stated{Continuedhe hadfrom preceding page)

could remember only having dreamed during the interval of unconsciousness.

it was the difference Dr. Morton then decided

time to present his findings in the presence of witnesses and with the aid of surgeons. He asked permisMilk sion of Dr. Warren to try his method

of relieving pain at an operation to be conducted in the hospital. Dr.

Warren invited Dr. Morton to be makes!

present Friday, October 16, thus making that date and occasion one of the most memorable in the annals of medicine and the progress of mankind.

After the success of this and subsequent experiments, Dr. Morton gave

up the practice of dentistry and discontinued his medical courses at Harvard in order to devote his full time and energy to anesthesia. At first

he intended giving his preparation the name of "Letheon"meaning "forEach pound getfulness"or "oblivion."However,

the name finally accepted was ancontains the esthesia, a name suggested to him in

Non Fat Milk adellletterHolmes:written by Dr. Oliver WenSolids of—Dr. Morton, My dear sir, everybody wants

to have a hand in a great discovery. All I 7 OUNCES OF MILK will do is to give you a. hint or two, as to

names or the name to be applied to the state

Iproducedthink, beandcalledthe anesthesia.agent. The Thisstate signifiesshould, MORE FOOD VALUE insensibility more particularly to objects of

touch. The adjective will be anesthetic. BETTER FLAVOR

The news of anesthesia was starprofession as well to the medical tling MilkImproved Table Queen only a limited as to At first laymen.

costs no more than ordinary bread ticenumberof etherof doctorsinhalation.acceptedAtthethepracend

of three years, however, Dr. Warren

reported more than one thousand

Quick, Easy Way to For the best in current etherizations in the Massachusetts

General Hospital plus many more in Church literature STOP SMOKING practice. private

"IT DOESN'T COST - IT PAYS"Now you can stop smoking with no effort, Whenever sudden greatness overfirst easily, very the comfortably, day—or

is to fame Read and Keep takes a man, his claim recent refunded. The your money

discovery about read CO- N I have you—medical true in This was often challenged. STOP, harmless, absolutely nonguaranteed

toxic, Endorsed forming. nonhabit by phydoc- Other of Dr. Morton. case sicians. thousands. Used successfully by At The the

or for mail druggist's today coupon your precto claim tors forward stepped sizes available free about information and moneyback guarantee. edence in the use of anesthesia by IMPROVEMENT Calif. Oept. A, Saint Helena, NICOSTOP, inhalation. Dr. Horace Wells, Dr. prices. free information and Please send

Morton's former associate, had exName ERA during oxide with nitrous perimented

Address.. 12 issues $2.50 attempted teeth extractions and had

City State to demonstrate its use in connection 670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

with surgical operations but with only partial success, after which he became discouraged and dropped his research. Dr. Charles T. Jackson,

who had suggested to Dr. Morton the

properties of sulphuric ether, staked his claim of discovery of anesthesia on this fact. Dr. Morton acknowledged the help of Dr. Jackson but

would not concede further honor to him.

In Georgia, Dr. Crawford W.

Long had used ether to anesthetize a patient as early as March, 30, 1842, but it was not until December 1849, three years after ether had been publicly demonstrated by Dr. Morton

at the Massachusetts General Hospital that Dr. Long published the result of his experiment.

The fact remained that Dr. Morton

was the first to recognize the value of anesthesia to surgery, the first to carry on intensive research with sulphuric ether to produce a pure substance suitable for inhalation without danger. And it was Dr. Morton, in

collaboration with Dr. Warren, who The special Wicks Organ

had the courage to demonstrate pubandthe consoleBoston,designedAmericanfor licly a new practice in medicine, "Guild of Organists Convention.

completely opposed to prevailing Details and price for this size theories of practice. Today he is instrument gladly furnished.

given full credit and honor.

A monument erected to Dr. Morton by the citizens of Boston bears Jtow77. YOU CAN OWN

the following inscription: A WICKS PIPE ORGAN

William T. G. Morton, inventor and re- $

inhalation, born August of anesthetic vealer 1868. Before 19, 1819, whom...from 2,975 died July 15,

all agony. surgery in time By was

annulled. averted whom here is the real thing.. in surgery and pain was

Since whom science has control of pain. In Seattle, at the price of imitations

Washington, for as Organ a magnificent Wicks buy you can now the Yes, RepreWicks supplied on request). illustration (details little and as $2,975 is: sentative Mr.

Charles W. Allen, Every part of each Wicks is "custom built"by skilled

10708 First Ave., artisans, and carries a complete guarantee of satisfaction. Seattle Come Home Clean—Northwest,

(Continued from page 641) 33, Washington The smaller instruments may be purchased with console attached or detached as desired. These, as well as cathedral

penses to attend night schools, even size organs, have inspired tone, "Wicks noted DIRECT cases allow to take dayyou in many upkeep. economical ACTION, and ELECTRIC

that time studies not interfere do Dunn, Wicks of Mr. Melvin W. recent appointment too Wicksrepresentative:Arizona The

much with your service job. Keep Mr. Lynn Hansen, Representative for the Salt Lake City area, makes available

your ambitions. Entering the service 25 South an expert and personal service for Wicks buyers. Inquiries MacDonald,

does not mean that you must stop Mesa, Arizona should be addressed to:

your progression and call those years Mr. Melvin W. Dunn. 481 10th Ave.. Salt Lake City, Utah

lost.

yet finished as haven't If you high TKe WICKS ORGAN to information the school, then go and education offices or the equivalent (A I & P in the Air Force, T I & COMPANY

E in the Army) at your station and investigate the general education deWICKS... ILLINOIS velopment tests (GED tests) which HIGHLAND ORGANS

(Continued on following page) SEPTEMBER 1952 671 COME HOME CEEAN - (Continued from preceding page) in the United States Armed Forces allow you to finish your high school Institute with headquarters at the and to continue your education. And University of Wisconsin. In USAFI

then become interested in the college you have a choice of any two courses

GED tests which are a series of genfrom over three hundred subjects. All

eral tests which allow you to accrue materials are furnished, including as much as four quarters of credit, tests and paper, at no extra charge, and most colleges accept these. But even equipment for drafting and art

surely, you will want to go further. courses. You can take these courses

Then you can enrol for two dollars as selfteaching; read the book, take

usS?i7s5v3?i>2s2N2sS

J)wj of C y/WlL65LOn Richard L. Evans

Cometimes we hear someone defensively say, "I haven't done anything"—which suggests a subject: Innocence

isn't always merely a matter of not doing anything. The

privilege of life calls for positive performance, and sometimes the sins of omission are as serious as are the sins of commission. It isn't enough merely not to have done the wrong

things. It is also essential to do the right things. And if we

haven't performed our part, if we haven't been profitable servants, in the final accounting we may have difficulty in justifying the space we occupy and the substance we consume. The greatest good is not passive any more than the

greatest evil is, and much that is missing in human happiness comes under the category of things we should have done but didn't do. The talents we fail to develop, the opportunities

we pass by, the kindness and consideration we might have offered others, the souls we might have saved, the work we withheld, the products we could have produced, the love we

July 5, 1952 might have given those who are entitled to our love, enChinook, Montana couragement we might have given the downhearted and the

Dear Sirs: despondent, the comfort we might have held out to the sorWe have just received our rowing, the things we should have taught our children that

bound "Improvement Era's"and now they haven't learned, the word we could have said to are thrilled with it. We would correct a false accusation, the friends we might have defendlike to thank you very much for ed, the part we might have played in solving public and

the lovely job you have done. private problems, the positive commandments we didn't keep,

Our only wish would be that the needed, possible, reachable deeds we didn't do, could to the everyone who subscribes accusingly come under the category of sins of omission. In see Era could Improvement

how lovely the 12 issues are the Savior's parable of the Good Samaritan, it wasn't only bound into one book that will the thieves whom the Master was indicting, but it was also last for years. those who didn't do anything when something should have

Thanking you again, we rebeen done. Doing things we should do when we should do

main. them is the essence of all our opportunities. If the Creator

Sincerely, hadn't created, the earth would still be without form and void. And when we face our ultimate, just Judge, it may not

Mrs. Mr. and

Clare A. Johnson be quite comfortable to account for the things we should

have done and could have done, but didn't do.

The cost is just $3.00 per volume (F.O.B. Salt Lake

City; postpaid, add 30c. Canada and other foreign

countries add 75c). Jke Spoken Word from temple square

Save your Eras and send them for binding to PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, JULY 6, 1952

Copyright, 1952 Deseret News Press #8 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah 672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the test, and receive a certificate which you give to the university you attend later on. Or you may take

the courses by correspondence (envelopes, paper, postage furnished) with as much as eighteen months to finish them, including nine months after date of discharge, should this occur while you are studying a course. When you finish these two

courses, you may enrol for two more without additional charge, and you LUNCH WITH always keep the books. In this manner you can eliminate courses that

would otherwise take valuable time Et4RGy in college, thus permitting you to take advanced courses and others \x<S**x more desirable when you resume or fctfflHSfc igi continue your education. On two

dollars I finished some eleven courses in bookkeeping, accounting, and::<,

physics.

But maybe this is not enough.

Then you can enrol in the extension m program. This program permits you

to select a college such as Brigham

Young University or University of

Chicago, choose two courses from their extension and study dehome partment, notify ) TWE DARK BREAD TWATS WffRE/VTj { the E office T I & who will then take care of your enrolment and pay for everything but a small part of the normal charge for such courses. This time you receive

credit at that particular university or ll.:l

college upon completion of your J. C. BURGESS courses. You are allowed some CRAWFORD

thirtyfive credit hours toward graduation in this type of work by most GOflfiflMEED schools, and this credit like the other WUNEkUFf is transferable, for example, a three DOORS NEW CAR DEAL THE THAT LIFTS DOOR FREEquarter in course English with nine llllllllllllllllllllllllllillllili AND EASY SIDE AT EITHER credithours will from cost you BYU only about $4.50. Here is an un- f WE GUARANTEE fparalleled educational opportunity

for the ambitious young man and... you'll GET MORE forwoman. will The service provide

you additional facilities to further your dollar... you'll SAVE

your learning. MORE dollars... with the

On larger bases there are many BURGESS deal on a big army education programs (AEP Schools) where civilian and military NEW '52 DODGE teachers instruct in popular courses, than on any other new carboth of military and nonmilitary naRADIO CONTROLLED ELECTRIC ture. Those who qualify as instrucDOOR OPERATORS FOR ALL regardless of make, price,

tors may get a chance to teach in OPENSMAKES ANDOF GARAGECLOSES DOORSDOORS. claims, deal or dealer!

these schools for two dollars and up AT A TOUCH OF THE FINGER.

an hour. The enlisted person is allowed up to sixty dollars a month in firstCrawfordand onlyMarvelLiftgarage Doordoor isto Ihebe C. SURGES

addition to his regular industry's highest awarded pay honor, through Motor Co. IJ the Merit the of Award American Jthis program. In addition there are Dealer Downtown of Society Industrial Engineers.

regular service schools in technical 1000 So. Main

fields that interested and qualified CRAWFORD door sales co.

persons can apply for. These schools 155 W. 2 So. Salt Lake City 4-6531* The Automobile Bargain Center

(Continued on following page) of Salt Lake City

SEPTEMBER 1952 673 Come Home Clean—

(Continued from preceding page) cover subjects ranging from photography to atomic energy. Colleges

will evaluate time spent in these schools in terms of related credit, and this can be applied toward graduation.

Of great value are the film libraries available to those interested enough

M andto formroomsa tosmallview thesegroup.filmsProjectorswill be

made available. These films cover

nearly every known science and subject; they offer an excellent way to

spend evenings. One soldier I knew

studied films on geology enough to qualify him to teach that subject in a foreign university.

FOR THE Typewriters are available in the supply rooms, recreation, and day rooms. Service club offices have perBringFAM/ITthe kiddies—we love 'em! sonnel with the specific job of renSpecial Menus! Special China! HOTEL UTAH dering service to men interested in

studying. Equipment and supplies Special Prices, Too! COFFEE

available for are those desire to who SHOP effort put to of forth the use make HOTEL UTAH

Carpenter, Max Manager them. There are libraries on every

base, technical and reference sets in

See Uncle Roscoe's Playtime Party, Presented by Hotel Utah, Tues. & Thurs., 4:15 p.m., KSLTV the smaller camps. They contain

good books. I have discovered copies

of the Book of Mormon in most libraries. In Tokyo, Japan, I found

three very much used copies of the SAVED In the Bookput themselvesof Mormon.out Theto serviceobtain armsgood

reading material for the members of the armed forces. It is up to you to

make their effort worth while. Gospel Net

For those interested in languages there are superior selfteaching texts by 15% arranged especially for quick and exON FIRE INSURANCE pert learning of the various lanDR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

of the Council of the Twelve for thousands of owners guages, including some not taught in of "Preferred Risk"colleges. With these are record sets

This is the story of Anna Karine GaarProperties. and sound recordings that groups of

den Widtsoe, "a seeker after truth, who, five or more may obtain for their use.

tossed by the waves of mysterious fate, CAN YOUR PROPERTY QUALIFY? This combined with possible assignthe was caught net, by gospel and Free inspection will tell. Ask for in foreign or a ment months more carried into far a country, where, yourGeneral of America agent country proficient should one make through the possession truth, of eternal or or inquire for the broker—

in least. though additional one at amidst language adversity, much she and of our name agent nearest

her family found unbounded happiness."you. 49 East First South, Salt I know one young student who spent

Lake City 1, Utah. Tel. 477 17. thirty months in the Pacific and

great interest to Of and worth learned five different languages.

all members to of the family and

MISSIONARIES especially. The above do not exhaust the

Now in its ninth edition. many opportunities available to the

alert and interested service member.

$1.75 About one out of ten learns of these

opportunities, only three out of five At your local Bookstore nMts of these do something about it. We Ek

once conducted a poll among four674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA teen hundred men in uniform to establish these figures. Too many

young men pass by these chances to improve because they are not awake FREE...

to them; they are engrossed in some

very worthless pattern of unprogressive action. Wurlitzer's

The Doctrine and Covenants states, "And if a person gains more knowledge and intelligence in this fundraising life through his diligence and obedience than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to kit for come."(D. & C. 130:19.) This goes

for you wherever you are. "It is impossible for a man to be saved in church

ignorance."{Ibid. 131:6.) Therefore,

if engaged in the pursuit of truth and knowledge, seldom will you find time organs to yield to the temptations that may come your way.

If at your station there does not to have You only hear a Wurexist a Latterday Saint start group, litzer to it's Organ know why It is the one yourself. practice of the called the "voice of worship."

service to allow all their members to Its tone enriches Divine Services.

make use of chapel facilities and conIt inspires meditation. It creates

Builder WURLITZERWorld's Largest and Pianos of Organs duct their own meetings. If you try an atmosphere of prayer.

Under One Great Name to teach the gospel to others and That's because the tone of a gather in groups, you will always reWurlitzer is derived from a Fundraising kit for churches natural musical the its teachings will source—member receive and write for your copy now!

Wurlitzer get all the—reed. You the that is promise to given those

inadvantages electronic of an teach one of another wiswho words

The Rudolph Wurlitzer Company sacrificing without strument a dom. missionary Be your among Dept. 1-9, North Tonawanda,N.Y. traditional effects organ when

associates. precept living Please By and send cost without your me choose Wurlitzer. a you

kit for fundraising Organs. Churchexample teach gospel. the them My Wurlitzer has a prepared specompanion and I sought out the cial kit to use in raising organ Name

closest mission headquarters to our funds. Visit your Wurlitzer Street

base and became engaged in work Dealer or write for this proved City Zon e Sta te helping the missionaries. We were fundraising guide today.

able to convert and baptize eleven of our buddies.

You are a servant in the hands of the Lord, let him guide you, and you It is vain to be always looking toward the will never go wrong. Be faithful, be future and never acting toward it.

F. Boyescourageous, but be honest to your-—J.

self. Above all else be clean. Be Act Now... Write for Free Booklet on

prayerful and get the most out of life.

Be engaged in a worthwhile work,and your tour of duty will be a memFALL QUARTER orable one. at LD.S. Business College... starts September 2, 1952

Parents who may read this, search offersL.D.S.you theBusinessfinest businessCollege, curriculumnow a branchin theof West,the BrighamtopnotchYounginstructorsUniversity,...

your hearts and see if you have taught upto-theminute equipment and a stimulating group of fellow students.

your youth how to pray, to have faith, Write for FREE booklet with schedule of courses offered, rates of tuition, etc.

and to live the commandments of Enroll in your Church school

God. I am thankful because my

mother taught me to pray and because my father was my best friend. MISIIHBecause of them I was able to re- \Branch of Brigham YoungMISUniversity

turn home with a greater testimony 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY of the gospel, and so will your chilPlease send me FREE booklet about L.D.S. Business College. IDdren, and when they return home, Name Age

they can say to you as I could say to my mother: "Mom, I came home Address

clean!"City State

SEPTEMBER 1952 675

i Vvmitr

that they may set worthy examples

RESPONSIBILITIES OF STAKE to those with whom they work.

Since bishops of wards and their all other stake PRESIDENCIES counselors, as well as and ward officers, are accountable to the stake presidency, the stake presiorder to make the program of the instruction appears in the Melchizedek dency has the right to select any

InChurch function more effectively, Priesthood Handbook, page 10: person in the stake and assign him

the General Authorities recently It is the duty of the stake presidency to or her to do stake missionary work or announced that the stake president supervise Melchizedek Priesthood quorums. any other job. It is desirable that

is to serve as chairman of the stake No stake president should permit a quorum the stake presidency consult with the after without time to month month mark committee. Priesthood Melchizedek concerned the when bishopric of ward to the serious thought and attention giving president the stake reason thatThe to of persons work selections do stake If officers will required of quorums. duties

rather than one of the counselors not serve conscientiously, then others should are made; however, bishoprics should

was chosen for that position was be selected who have the ability and inrecognize the fact that they are acstated by the General Authorities as clination. Stake presidencies with the help countable to the stake presidency and

with are charged high councilors, of thefollows should readily submit to the desires of following responsibility up this labor the

In order that closer coordination may be to see that every man who is given proper of their superior officers. By so dohad in the assignments of the stake Melauthority performs his duty. ing, unity will prevail throughout

chizedek Priesthood committee and the stake Also, stake presidencies should be the stakes of Zion among the priestemploy- especially in committee,welfare This will holders and officers. see hood to responsibility of their cognizant it that is desirable work, placementment in strength in progression result and

stake all the ward officers and that active personally the be president stake the of of building the kingdom the cause

Prieststake Melchizedek of the jurisdictionchairman pay they have over whom hood committee. a full tithing, observe the Word of God.

Wisdom, attend their meetings reguStake presidencies are advised to

Under this new arrangement, one larly, and keep the other commandmake extensive use of their high counselor is to serve as chairman of ments of the restored gospel, in order councils in supervising the various the stake Aaronic Priesthood comorganizations and activities of their mittee and the other counselor is to stakes; marked progress and efficiency

of the stake comchairmanbe the of for adult membersmittee the THAT MASTER TEACHER willin alltherebythe organizationsbe attained;of thethis stakewill

Aaronic Priesthood. Selection from Karl G. Maeser, result in the Saints'adhering more

The stake president and his two Mormon Educator, a thesis preclosely to the commandments. It is a

counselors stand at the head of the sented to Brigham Young Univerknown fact that people will readily stake, having jurisdiction over every sity, by Alma P. Burton and from respond to good leadership that knows

organization within the boundaries other sources. in which direction it is going; and

of the stake; therefore, the wards, IARL G. Maeser's ability to teach the First Presidency and their asthe auxiliary organizations, the mislessons by simple examples sociates look to the stake presidencies

sionary work, and the priesthood is clearly illustrated in an incident to supply that leadership.

quorums are under their jurisdiction. which happened while he and a The General Authorities express

The Melchizedek Priesthood Handgroup of missionaries were crossdeep appreciation to all the stake hook (p. 10) states that "in connecing the Alps. He had been called presidencies throughout the Church

tion with the seventies'quorums this to the Swiss and German Mission for your diligent and faithful service control is exercised in collaboration in 1867 and became the mission to the cause of righteousness, and with the First Council of the Sevenpresident from 1868 to 1870. There encourage you to continue to perform

ty."However, all the officers of the were only sticks to mark the path your duties and to magnify your

priesthood quorums are subject to across these mountains of deep callings to the best of your abilities, the general control of the stake presisnow. As they slowly ascended endeavoring to have every organizadency. the steep slope, he looked back tion within your stakes'bounds funcThe General Authorities desire to and saw this row of sticks marking tion as near to perfection as possible.

remind the stake presidencies once the way and said: "Brethren, there If these things are done, the Saints

again that they have a definite restands the priesthood. They are will live more closely to the requiresponsibility toward every Melchizedek just common sticks like the rest of ments of the gospel of Jesus Christ,

Priesthood quorum within their stake us—but the position they hold and the Church will continue to grow

bounds, and thereby indirectly tomakes them what they are to us. in strength, power, and righteousness.

ward every priesthood holder. It If we step aside from the path they Thus, a great and marvelous work

should be recalled that the following mark, we are lost."will be accomplished.

676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

>>*iX>v2\j;S55<?3

Gooi

iSest Art yJn i5eina OW 9 RICHARD L EVANS Derhaps most of us give way at times to actions and attitudes and utterances which we would not ordinarily approve in ourselves or in others. But whenever we depart from

our most acceptable selves, we must remember that there are at least two things for which we are constantly accountable:

One is the effect our attitudes and actions have on us, and the other is the effect our attitudes and actions have on others. Especially should we be mindful of the effect of our

actions and utterances on young and impressionable people.

By the time we have arrived at maturity, we ourselves may have acquired a solid set of standards from which we may not feel there is much danger of departing very far, and to which it may seem rather easy to return—and we may think Prospector

that occasional small departures don't matter much. But

while our less acceptable performances may for us be only passing departures, the impressions we implant in other's may said a has permanent. be and done who man Many things SALT LAKE CITYDENVER wellsettled his to standchange that didn't seem to him own

ards has found that the example of his words and his ways structedWhetherviewsyou'reof theenjoyingRocky Moununob- has changed his children and may have led them to permatains from the VistaDome (in servnent departures. Of course, we may presume the privilege ice on the Prospector between Salt

Lake City and Grand Junction) or of temporary departure from principle: we may presume that just relaxing in your comfortcon-

it is all right for us who are older to say and do things that toured Sleepy Hollow coach seat those who are younger shouldn't say and do. But what we railroadin one ofcars,America'syou'll mostexperiencebeautifulthe

do and say had better be good for our children, because most utmost in transportation comfort of our children at some time or other are likely to want to on the Prospector!

Your Make walk does—what Trip.. a Pleasure anyone anddoes—hadto talk inbetterour ways.be good Whatfor thosean whoadultdepend the Prospector upon NextRideTrip

him to set the pace, because others are influenced as much by us when we are at our worst as they are when we are at our best. For this reason, if for no other, it is important to

be at our best.

'"="7, he Spoken lA/ord from temple square COSTS LESS THAN

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING OPERATING

SYSTEM, ]ULY 13, 1952 Copyright, 1952 YOUR OWN CAR!

Consult your friendly Rio Grande Agent 'yS55S5yQQCiQ? for information, schedules and fores.

DENVER & RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD

Tsays buy EARLY CAUF0RN1A—Harold M. Lambert green ripe olives

SEPTEMBER 1952 677 Sacrament to Be Offered First to Presiding Authority Ordinations to Be Performed

is evidence forHThere the need of published instructions concerning the passing in Quorum Meeting of the to sacrament sitting those on the stand during sacrament meeting and in Sunday School. The following instructions are quoted from the Aaronic PriestTn some few instances, ordinations to,

hood Handbook issued January 1, 1950: and advancement in, the Aaronic

"In a letter sent by the First Presidency to presidents of stakes and bishops Priesthood are being performed in sacof wards under date of May 2, 1946, setting forth certain unanimous recommendarament meeting. This is not in keeping

tions of the First Presidency and Council of the Twelve, some pertinent instructions with the recommended procedure.

issuedwere concerning the passing of the sacrament to presiding quote officers. We it is proper While and recommended that letterfrom as follows care and urge in following the recommendations made: of all the that to be ornames boys

It was further suggested, and unitedly agreed upon, that the sacrament should dained to the Aaronic Priesthood be be first given to the presiding authority in the meeting. This may be the bishop, presented for a vote of the Saints assemperhaps one of the stake presidency, or one of the visiting General Authorities. bled in sacrament meeting; all ordinaIt is the duty of the priest officiating to determine who is the presiding authority tions should be taken care of in the next

present; thus, whenever the sacrament is administered s members of the Aaronic quorum meeting under direction of the

Priesthood officiating will have a lesson in Church government. bishopric.

When the sacrament is given first to the presiding authority, those officiating may pass the sacrament consecutively to members of the Church who are sitting on the rostrum and in the audience.

To answer the many questions which have been asked concerning this procedure, we offer the following additional information: THINK IT OVER

"The Presiding Officer to receive the sacrament first will always be the highest No leader of boys can really die authority, or ranking member, who is sitting on the stand, and who is from among who wins a place for himself in the the following priesthood authorities: (1) General Authorities of the Church, i.e., immortal shrine of a boy's heart.

First Presidency, of Council to Patriarch the Twelve,The Assistants the Church,—L. A. p.

Firstto the Council of the Twelve, of the Seventy, Seven Presidents Presiding

Bishopric; (2) Stake President and Counselors; (3) Stake High Council; (4)

Ward Bishop and Counselors."

We emphasize the last paragraph in the above quotation. No other officers

should be recognized first in the passing of the sacrament. It is not a matter

of honoring those who come among us as special visitors: It is a matter of recNewly Ordained Members

ognizing the presiding authority or high councilman who is sitting on the stand, and passing the sacrament to him first as a becoming gesture of respect and as a to Be Received into sound lesson in Church government.

Quorum Membership by Vote

Tt is feared there is one vital part in quorum procedure which is not being followed as faithfully as is desired. We refer to those boys who are

newly ordained and to their being received into quorum membership by the vote of quorum members.

Immediately following the ordination of any young man under twentyone to any office in the Aaronic Priesthood, the president of the quorum concerned should propose that the newlyordained be received into quorum membership by vote. When, and if, the quorum

votes favorably on the proposal, the new member should be officially enroled immediately.

Any negative vote on the proposal should be referred, by the quorum pres- (priests) or quorum presidency GRIDLEY (CALIFORNIA) STAKE YOUTH ident

CELEBRATE PRIESTHOOD RESTORATION ric,(teachersfor theirand investigationdeacons), to andthe bishoprecom-

Latterday Saint girls joined with Aaronic Priesthood members in the Gridley (Calimendation which will be made in full fornia) Stake in a banquet celebrating the anniversary of the restoration of the Aaronic cooperation with quorum officers.

Priesthood. of cooperation of youth. is a splendid our leaders Here example among

the direction banquet of the stake Priesthood Aaronic comWe urge the faithful following of this were under and danceThe mittee with full and appreciated cooperation from the stake Y. W. M. I. A. board. procedure without exception.

678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ==: [Prepared buVJ oLee Af. j-alr.mecTtehopwfaPage

AWARD RECORD FOR 1951 Duties of Group Advisers to Adult Members

The Presiding Bishopric have apof the Aaronic Priesthood proved the following number of awards for the year 1951: I Tnder the direction and supervision ership of group advisers whose sincerity

of the bishopric and the coordinathey do not doubt; whose attitudes and

Standard Quorum Award tor, group advisers are given specific and actions help them to overcome their

Deacons Teachers Priests Total general responsibilities in the promotion fears and inhibitions; and whose faith

432 180 109 721 and operation of the program for adult and spirituality inspire them to repentIndividual Award members of the Aaronic Priesthood. ance and good works.

Deacons Teachers Priests Total Each group adviser should be assigned Group advisers are expected to attend 7373 3582 2398 13,353 to work with not more than five adult the monthly meeting of the ward comThe standard quorum award promembers of the Aaronic Priesthood, mittee and report to the bishopric the gram, begun January 1, 1936, was dismale members of the Church over progress of the work with their assigned continued as of December 31, 1951 twentyone years of age and not orgroup members.

first day of the month, each with an award system rating wards dained, or a combination of both. It On the

and stakes adopted in its stead. is his duty to make frequent visits to group adviser should compile and subthese men and their families, arrange mit to the secretary the monthly report

cottage meetings for them, teach them of group advisers.

the gospel, and encourage them to beGroup advisers should attend the

Ward Teachers to See That come active in the Church. He will be monthly meeting of stake and ward

concerned for their temporal and spircommittees held in connection with the

AH Members Do Their Duty itual welfare. He will seek to be their stake priesthood leadership meeting.

friend, their confidant, their adviser. They should conduct cottage meetings

irpHE lord summarized the duties of Competent and efficient group adfor their group members. They should

teachers as he concluded his invisers seek to understand those with aid the coordinator and secretary in structions to them as follows "... and whom they work. They visit them in making the monthly report.

also see that all the members do their sickness, comfort them in sorrow, seek It is important that each group adduty."(D. & G. 20:55.) This injunction to know as much about them and their viser make adequate preparation for

can be said to be the overview of ward families as they possibly can. They each visit with adult members of the

teaching. While most ward teachers will realize that their most effective Aaronic Priesthood, for each class he

have an understanding of what is exteaching will be by example. teaches, and for each cottage meeting he

pected of those who "do their duty,"Adult members of the Aaronic Priestconducts. To be a proficient group adthere are steps to be followed when hood can only be expected to confide viser requires careful planning, regular

activating those who are more or less in, have respect for, and follow the leadhabits of study, and humble prayer.

inactive.

The following suggestions are made SOUTHERN ARIZONA STAKE FETES assist to teachers ward in accomplishing ALL AARONIC PRIESTHOOD MEMBERS task theirs: the that is

1. Acquaint each member with the AND THEIR LEADERS

principles of the gospel by teaching Southern Arizona Stake gives us a coman overnight outing among the pines of him the fundamentals of Church mendable example in conducting a combeautiful Mt. Lemmon.

doctrine. bined social for all Aaronic Priesthood It is worthy of note that fortyfive of

age. of regardless members these traveled boys and more than men 2. Point out the blessings promised bearers twentythree to and One hundred attend. each way, 180 miles

to those who live in compliance of the Aaronic Priesthood and their The photograph is evidence enough that with the laws of the gospel. combined stake and ward leaders, enjoyed "a good time was had by all."

3. Live as you are expected to teach.

4. Be kind, tolerant and understanding of those who are trying to overcome habits and weaknesses; be not

critical. 5. Prevent the growth of hardness,

bitterness, and criticism by teaching the principles of love and good will.

6. Demonstrate sincerity and love for

each member by urging him to do his duty; by rejoicing with him

when he makes progress; by giving

him encouragement when he fails;

and by commending him when he makes an honest effort.

7. Convince each member that part

of the reward for doing his duty is added power to accomplish more and more for good.

SEPTEMBER 1952 679 Growing Old in Years (Concluded from page 649) Fall's Best of All—

For that Vacation Trip... DAYNES years, and the warm understanding

told years. me of his spiritual of He

in Music Co. received he of the joy and youth,

pitting his strong physical body

sports in Greyin America, his fellows of and or anywhere challenge QonnMnaLcL against the demands of work or the Take your choice of vacation spots for will LESS there take you hound as he resparkled eyes His play.

comfort.—in airconditioned AMERICA'S FINEST no was But there years. called the

ELECTRONIC ORGAN note of sadness in his voice that those there the 1st FOR TONE years were gone—nor was

least hint of a wish that they might 1st FOR PERFORMANCE return. They were his at will in

1st FOR CHURCH, memory, and he wisely had filled

BIG CITIES SUNNY BEACHES AUDITORIUM, HOME them so full there was no regret when the time came for them to pass. All the most popular vacation

He told me of a wise teacher who areasGreyhound—andare within atyourcostsreachso lowby

taught him that the physical years you'll be pleasantly amazed.

reach a peak and then decline, but See your friendly Greyhound this was not so true of the mental or Agent for Free Tour Folder.

spiritual years. For those who would

take it, the grade for them was ever upward. My friendto-be resolved

that he would accept the verdict of the ages and would build his life to meet the conditions he was unable to control.

As we talked, he drew from his memory and his experience the wisdom of an old man who has seen GREYHOUNDModel Illustrated 2C2 much, done much, and pondered much. Instead of denouncing those

See and hear this superb instruwho do what he believes is wrong, ment... compare it with any other he tries to understand them. In place

variety tone, musical organ for is wrong which that magnifying and of other allaround performance. No that find strives to situation, he in a so no other organ offers much...

organ is more suitable for church, which is right, and then to change school, auditorium or home. Come the wrong to match the right. If in... see for yourself! No obligation. there are those who rail against him,

wronging him as well as themselves, he as though as gently treats them Paynes Music Co. I he NO image before him the always had of APPOINTMENT

the Master who said, "Forgive them,

NECESSARY for they know not what they do."

4547 South Main, Salt Lake This friend I shall never lose, for 145 North University, Provo he is friend to all who seek him. COMPLETE EYE EXAMINATION

And he is teaching me that memory surely will give us "roses in Decemby Sears registered optomber,"and that just as surely our menetrists. Glasses, if needed, on

NEED$50 MONEY be cultiselves spiritual can $75 tal and

Organization? or For Yourself the Sears Easy Payment Plan. enjoy while orchids we vating

Sell CARDS. CHRISTMAS and ALLOCCASION Up roses of the past. for price list today and samprofit. Sendto 100%

approval.ples on

'SaJfytzcZfaptcamxteed CCA DC QUALITY SALES COMPANY

BOX 1344 OGDEN, UTAH (Stock advanced to Organizations)

HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S. f

EXTRA MONEY? NEED

Sell Cards, Stationery and Gift Items I IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA k Christmas

BIG PROFITS UP TO 50% YE KING'S REST MOTEL

Send for actual samples on approval 526 SOUTH 5TH STREET

WRITE TODAY! Dr. Harold B. Foutz. Owner

CO, Foutz, Manager CARD SERVICE Edgar H. BOOK ANP

Calif. Pico, Whittier 8811 Throughout Mattresses Beautyrest

Operated L.D.S. OwnedBlvd.,and

680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Navajos Weave Beauty

(Continued from page 651) of 185070 that this craft of the

Navajo woman attained its height.

These "Classic"blankets can be divided into two groups: one in which

the background is composed of narrow stripes and one in which it is plain or nearly so. The former pattern is often wrongly attributed to

Hopi or Pueblo weavers. A distinctive feature of both is the stepped

zigzag which gives a sort of terraced effect.

It was at this time that raveled strands of bayeta, a red woolen trade cloth, were in great demand for weaving; probably because no native

tint. bright gave such adye A great

people today think that the Children love the SKYwoy!many

scarlet cloth was obtained from Children take to flying like ducklings

Spanish soldiers'uniforms, but this take to water. And Western's friendly

is not true nor is the popular misstewardesses are specialists in the conception that the "Rio Grande"care and feeding of young travelers.

blanket was woven by "Chimayo InYou'll enjoy that trip on a big, comdians."There aren't any such Infortable Western Airliner. And you'll

dians. There is a Mexican village be there in hours instead of days.

of that name near Santa Fe, and For example, you can fly Western's these blankets were done there by deluxe Convairs between Salt Lake

Spanishspeaking colonists who came City and Los Angeles in 3 hours, 20 up from Mexico. minutes. Four flights daily each way.

Many "Classic"blankets were woven with slits in their centers large enough for the head to go through, thus converting them into ponchos.

Probably the weavers were then trying to compete with the exquisitely woven scrapes and ponchos made in

Saltillo and San Miguel districts of

Mexico. The influence of Mexican

design is also shown in the socalled "Slave"blanket, produced later in the same period. Here upright loom It's Easy To Earn $50 or More With

technique and pattern are blended When You Open Your with dyes and decorations typical of *#$CHRISIMA5 CARDS SAVINGS ACCOUNT the Spanish colonists and their horiThink what you could do with $50. withFREE $50.00your lovelyor moreSchaefferand you Finelinewill receivepen

zontal looms. The central diamondIt's easy to make that much and and pencil set.

the easy Stylart more way. You in Savings Accounts $1 to any amount is area,shaped the which principal need experience. no Just on $25,000. folks you and know show callthem offeature serapes, Mexican is parappealing moneymaking samoperation. years of continuous 33

ples send approval. you on weticularly noticeable. "Slave"The CURRENT Sell Big Values on Sightblankets were will woven Everybody our by buy stunning Apache Jl DIVIDEND Annu m /0 21 assortments lovely of Christmas

at Cards only $1. on You make $50

100women captured by the Spaniards just boxes! Personalized ChristCards the as low box, masaround of the middle $1 per many nineteenth

extra other Savings moneymakers. Send Utah

for facts, couponcentury. Assortments were allowed They to use Association approval on Personalized Loan fulland and FREE

it samples. now! Do of typetheir own to but loom not PROVO, UTAH

fill treasyour ORGANIZATIONSjTo

President D. Spencer Grow, theirobtain fast, usual ury Stylart's check for dyes coupon and mordants

from snakeweed, bitter ball, sumac, proven fundraising plan. WRITE TODAY! MAIL HANDY COUPON

alder, walnut, teaberry, delphinium, MAIL NOW FOR SAMPLES! Send your check or money order to

319 CO., Street, Dept. Center Savings, CARD 172 West Utah otherand wild plants. Ninth Calif. Los Angeles STYLART1717 W. 55, savings Provo, book pass your Utah and send Assortments on moneymakingSt., me These and Personalized facts,samples. Apache FREE women were really Pleaseapproval set will mailed immeto you be pen and

Navajos. In their own tongue the NAME diately.

Navajos call themselves Dinne or ADDRESSName

Address "theDinneh, meaning people"CoroCITY ZONE STATECheck box if for an organization.

(Continued on:j following page) City"Zone....State

SEPTEMBER 1952 68?

The Navajos Weave Beauty choose the (Continued from preceding page) HAMMOND nado christened them Apaches de

Navaju or "Apaches of the cultivated fields,"from which it will be seen that these fierce warriors who fought ORGAN!

their way down the continent through generations had learned a thing or

First choice of over two from their Pueblo neighbors.

Later their country became known 20,000 churches as Navaju or Navajo and eventually and also the people were called by that name.

Following the classic period this peaceful Navajo branch of the warThere are more Hammond organs being used in L.D.S. Chapels than any like Apache tribe wove blankets that other organ because...

1. Costs so much LESS yet you get so much more organ. were thicker and coarser, because of

2. gets out Never of tune. an increasing demand for them as

3. Cold, heat or can never affect it. dampness

4. Very easy to play. floor coverings. Fine weaving of the

5. Takes up less room and is easy to move. "Classic"type became almost extinct

arrival of the Germantown Gentlemen: Without obligation send me all information on until

church organ the Hammond home. yarns, these but although produced

Name a fine and even texture, the results

Address. 1 lacked the beauty and dignity of

handspun products. The "Outline"

- best of this period. Clothstrip GLEN or Tinasbas blanket is perhaps the BROS. MUSIC CO.

74 So. Main St. blankets, in which strips of cloth are

OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO used instead of yarn, were made by the Pueblos in the fourteenth century.

But none of the Navajo strip blankets date earlier than the middle 1870's or later than the following decade.

Twilled weaving—known to the

Pueblos of the twelfth century and in which a ribbed effect is produced was not really popular with the

Navajos until the 1880's. It was

about this time too that pictorial blankets became rather numerous, although the first one known was taken from the body of a warrior

LAWSUITS Looking For Tasty ofkilled1864.in theQuiteSanda numberCreek massacreof these

FREQUENTLY FOLLOW blankets had the figures—usually

in horses black woven on these are ACCIDENTS Comfortable Dining? cowswhite andground and now

When an accident happens it's too popularly termed "burial blankets."

. late to wish were insured you Here's place the for it is hard to you! Just say. Perhaps why

intentions won't and take.. good in try our and new Come

of because of sacrithe custom Navajo it of the place protection when Dining Room. View Temple

comes to settlement. So ask your Enjoy the same fine food ficing a horse at the grave so that its

local to review your AGENT KOLOB that so has many won it ride in owner the may Happy policy, insurance auto to and show for Coffee our other places you or perhaps where posfriends Shop Hunting you through Grounds plus years, extra over the sibly protection. repreneed a As association our of black and own beauty. comfort and new sentative of the Intermountain

West's largest general insurance You'll want to come often white mourning. But to the Navajos

agency he can assure of strong,—and bring the family, too. black symbolized joy and hope, for

special love our kiddies stock policies, all types company of The our the dark clouds brought promise of souvenir fair insurance settlemenus and prompt, and ment of claims. secret club. rain to a parched land, and white

was the color of the dawn.

Navajo originality is shown in the

HOTEL twofacedferent and rugin thewithdoubleboth clothfaces typedifare both faces where separable. The TEMPLE FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. SQUARE tufted blankets carpet rugs and yarn

Bldg. 330 Judge Salt Lake City Clarence L. West, Manager latter 1900 around woven—the

682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA were novel but very unattractive, so it is just as well that not many were made.

Hills Crystal and The Two Gray for they Are your eyes special mention, deserverugs show a decided breakaway from traditional Navajo patterns. It was a

white B. Moore of Crystal, man—J.New Mexico—who brought thisabout. The rugs left in his trading you back?

post were sold by the pound, but he was finally able to convince the weavers that products made from wellspun yarns and wellwashed wool would sell by the piece and fetch a much higher price. He and an

artist friend are said to have suggested many of the designs which the

Navajos adopted at that time and are still using. But some of the old

tried and true motifs are alwaysincluded. L-

Interesting as were the designs, YouM! get ahead faster if your eyes cfo

both these types of rug were very their best. See the skilled optometrist

drab in color. Black, white, and at Standard Optical, now, for a comgray were always used instead of plete, eye examination. Enjoy comfortbrighter hues. At the other extreme able, accurate vision from now on.

were the garish results of aniline dyeing. Finally Miss Mary Wheelwright persuaded the Du Pont Company to make up dyes duplicating Standard- i(aL

the colors of plant origin. This reMODERN OFFICES THROUGHOUT THE WEST

sulted in the Chinlee rugs, which can easily be recognized by their color schemes of yellows, browns, warm grays, dull reds, subdued pinks, and You '11 beproud other pastel shades. In some of

these rugs the real plant dyes of this to own or give revived native industry predominate.

In others, often called "the Du Pont A HARPER rugs,"the new commercial colorings are prominent. The wedgeweave blankets, with Bible

their "lightning"designs, are among King James Version the most attractive made. This also

applies to the serrate patterns which were an attempt to get away from CLEARBLACK CONCORDANCE the old rectangular forms. History RED LETTER BIBLE Bring the family on', your trip to

shows that all craftsmen strive for The words of Christ are given their finest Red Salt Lake City. Pay the'i regular rate

reference, Selfpronouncing, Letter printing.greater elaboration until they reach presfor yourself and your i wife. No charge 16 colored illustrations, maps, concordance,

artist true thethat point leather record. where Genuine must family entation and page years, under 1, 14 gold. for children covers, red under binding overlapping with theseparate commercial from $9.00 size x 7"x 1%"2415RL, 4%"and No.

you. accompanying",

simplicity. toreturn This is what

the greatest Navajo weavers of today AMERICA'S FAVORITE NEWHOUSE HOTEL are doing. TEACHER'S BIBLE SALT LAKE CITYc

this price Bible in range other Teacher's No

: all Persian these features contains Morocco TELLTALE binding, overlapping covers, leather lined, India

paper, 4% x 7 inches and only \% of an inch

By S. H. Dewhurst thick.plus selectedContainsteacher'sreferences,helps. concordance,Wonderfully maps,readable Clearblack type, selfpronouncing.

N''everSo sureis theitssummerspan is quitedone No. 2400x Only $9.95

As when it finds the eager night Ask to see other

Edging out the sun; Harper Bibles and Testaments at your

Little more than a warning yet, Book Store

Still there's mistaking no first silhouette HARPER & BROTHERS, PUBLISHERS as the sign This

Of autumn in the making.

SEPTEMBER 1952 683 RUBY H. MORGAN

Editor

ess. There are several special wood equal success can be had with other

Adventures In Wood bleaches on the market which are processes. With the application of

good, but regular household bleaches oil stains and clear varnish it is posby M. Garrett Enos are satisfactory. sible to match the finish of many

The bleached wood was very flat pieces of furniture.

and ugly. We took flat white paint We tried oils and stain on our

Furniture may grow dearer to (enamel will not do) and mixed two greatest pride and joy, a set of antique the heart with the passing years, pints with one pint of turpentine. dining room chairs. We desired to

and each scar and scratch have a (This may be thinner if desired.) We use the chairs with a maple table.

memory. But the plain truth is that tinted the paint mixture with a tube We removed all the old finish with

furniture, like everything else, ages of Burnt Sienna, stirring constantly paint remover, then bleached and with the passing of time. It can still while mixing. The amount of color sponged until all the old color was

be cherished, just as usable, and added depends upon the shade deremoved. With oil stain applied

certainly more attractive and valsired. with a soft cloth we achieved the deuable with a good face lifting. We brushed this paint mixture sired shade. After the surface had

The choice in new furniture finover the surface, covering two feet dried overnight to make sure the ishes today is varied. One can at a time, then immediately removed shades matched, we applied three

close his eyes and play "Eenie, all the excess with a clean soft cloth. coats of varnish and two of wax.

meenie, minie, mo—,"but with new A little color remained in the grain, Should the stain be too dark, it can

furniture costing several hundred and the entire surface was left with a be lightened by sponging with a cloth dollars, there is a cheaper way. "blonde"cast. With the "liming"soaked in turpentine. If it is too light,

Our first adventure was with the process finished we followed with it can be darkened with another coat living room's biggest eyesore, the mathree coats of good varnish, and finof stain.

hogany piano. A mediumsize cotished with a coat of wax. Today our thoughts have turned

tage upright with very plain good Other pieces have been refinished from the new furniture to the "uselines, it had lost its rich patina to a similarly. Oak seems to be particability"remaining in the pieces we

drab brown color. Although there is ularly adapted to "liming"although now own. It's a great adventure,

magic in a can of good paint, we any kind of wood will respond with and best of all, few tools are required, cringed at the thought of covering the gratifying results. Of course "limand the cost can be figured in penbeautifully matched grain of mahoging"isn't always the right finish, but nies.

any. With a can of good "paste type"

paint and varnish remover, a pair of gloves, old paint brushes, an abundance of rags, and hearts filled with misgivings, we began.

The old finish literally brushed off like magic with one or two coats of remover. Corners and crevices were

a little more difficult, but the entire surface of the piano was refinished with no scraping or sanding. The

mahogany glowed a rich red but did not blend with our rock maple furniture.... We decided to bleach the

wood.

Using steel wool we sponged the entire surface with full strength household bleach. After it had set

on the wood for fortyfive minutes we sponged the surface with a soft cloth and plain water. We continued this alternating process until all

the stain was removed from the wood. "Our first adventure was with the living room's biggest

Working near an open window eyesore, the mahogany piano..."

where the light and sun can reach the object helps the bleaching proc684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NOURISHING, You'lljSpeed MONEYWISE DESSERTS FALL CLEANUP WITH by Katberine Dissinger THESE BOYCO HELPERS

in your family everyone get r—Does Nutritionists say milk? enough

that many children and most adults do not. Inexpensive powdered CONE WRINGER

milk, available on all grocery shelves or at food health stores, helps to ENDS

It this problem. nutrition solve conMESSY HAND (parprotein, minerals tains all the

ticularly calcium and phosphorus), WRINGING and milk sugar of whole milk, but very little butterfat.

It is a boon to the budgetconscious and thrifty housewife. Threefourths

of a cup of powdered milk is equivalent to one quart, and the cost just a few pennies. One cup water and

onefourth cup powdered milk beaten together, make one cup of milk.

Powdered skim milk powder added to a small amount of water and whipped until smooth is the foundation for most of these moneysaving desserts. Because the whipped milk

is sweet, little or no sugar is needed, making these desserts especially good for children. Some of them might

well be "reducer's desserts,"for they provide a lowcalorie, yet very nourishing sweet for finishing a meal.

These are our favorites. They're BOYCO'S marvelous Cone Wringer Mop Bucket lets you say "so long'

good! Try them! to messy handwringing... and to the bending and stooping and "scrub

bucket hands"that go with it. Wringing a mop in a Cone Wringer is

Glorified Rice simple, quick and neat. You just slip the mop into the perforated cone,

(8 servings) twist the handle, and the mop's ready to use.

package lemon jello % cup shredded pineapple (No.

can) Vz cup pineapple juice i!/2 cups water

lA cup chopped pecans 2 cups cold, cooked brown rice 1 teaspoon almond extract cup water!/2 STEPS by keeping SAVE BOYCO cleaning YOU'LL SAVE TIMfi while woodYOU'LL 3/ cup powdered skim milk baskets handy waste dust pans and by using windows work and two BOYCO

pails—one for soapy water, one for rinse throughout your home. These BOYCO

Dissolve jello in hot water, add pinewater.rustresistant.BOYCO'SFullpailsrangeare ofextrasizes.rugged, helperslight yetaresturdy,swelleasyfor toquickuse. tidyups—

apple juice, chill until thick. and When

See BOYCO'S complete line of household helpers of your local hardware or department store. set jello almost frothy. until whip

Whip water and powdered skim milk and fold into whipped jello. Fold in UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS

pineapple, rice, nuts, and almond exDIVISION

STEEL STATES UNITED COMPANY tract. Chill. serve, top with marTo

CALIF. 1849 LOS ANGELES, OAK ST., ALAMEDA, CALIF, 5100 SANTA FE AVE., aschino cherry garnish halved and with

pineapple slices. May be made into

individual molds..:: "'-:i::::::V: -.::,:':::::.: -:: '-'

(Continued on following page) SEPTEMBER 1952 685 Mrs, Housewife NOURISHING. MONEYWISE DESSERTS

(Continued from preceding page) Graham Cracker Pudding

Squares or Prune Date WANT TO KEEP YOUR (6 servings) servings) (6 3/4 cup skim milk powder

FROZEN MEATS 2 cups water 1 cup chopped dates or dried steamed 5 tablespoons brown sugar prunes 2 tablespoons cornstarch 1 egg yolk JUICY Y2 cup chopped walnut meats vanilla 1 teaspoon

water cup melted margarine or 2 tablespoons l/2 and TASTY? 24 graham crackers, rolled fine 12 graham crackers rolled fine

butter skim milk powdered cup Y2 1 tablespoon lemon juice Whip skim milk powder and water paste Make place in double boiler. and powder, skim milk water and Whip little milk. cornstarch, sugar, and a

cracker in dates of rolled crumbs. add Mix

of 30 cook and milk to remainder Add nuts. or shallow Line prunes, and pan

beatconstantly. stirring Add minutes,

press mixture paper with and waxed longer. 3 minutes cook yolk egg and en

lightly Chill. out into and pan. Turn

cool. fire, vanilla and add from Remove serve, squares. top into small cut To

sprinbutter, with cracker crumbs Mix if desired. cream, with whipped pan. shallow in of mixture half kle

Pour in pudding and top with remainCoconut Chews ing crumbs. Chill.

(3 dozen) THEN WRAP WITH 12 tablespoons skim milk powder Frozen Desserts ltikXfouL 8 tablespoons water Almost all children like frozen desmilk powder skim with Made 1 cup rolled cornflakes or wheatflakes serts.

these cream, of in place whipped

I Vi CUP peanut butter desserts are nutritious and inexpensive.

laminated!/3 cup brown sugar No sugar is necessary in most of these

1 cup coconut recipes, because the whipped milk

Better Whip skim milk powder and water. tastesweetensgood.the Eachdessert.recipeTheymakeslookone andreAdd peanut butter and sugar, and cream frigerator tray of dessert.

Protection together. Add cornflakes or wheatfor your Frozen flakes,from teaspoonand coconut;on greasedmix lightly.cookie Dropsheet Lemon Cream

Meats, Fish, and bake (350 F.) 12 minutes or until 3 tablespoons lemon juice

Game and Fowl brown. Remove from pan at once and 1 teaspoon grated lemon rind

"Best locker wrap I've seen"cool. y4 cup skim milk powder

writes one home economist l J/4 cups water who sampled new Western Prune Whip lA CUP brown sugar or honey

LOCKERFOIL.

(8 servings) Measure water and lemon juice into HERE'S WHY... Lockerf oil's

a combination of aluminum bowl. Add skim milk powder and beat

foil, special plastic laminate, 1 package plain gelatin (1 tablespoon) until smooth. Beat in sugar and grated

and tough Kraft paper—all cup cold water rind. Pour mixture into tray and freeze

three good protection for cup hot water until mushy consistency. Return to

frozen foods. Together these cup hot prune juice bowl and whip until light. Return to

tray and freeze until firm. PROTECTION give you BETTER

meats. cups unsweetened, cooked prunes freezing your for

(cut) Pineapple Cream LOCKERFOIL Ask lor WESTERN or grocers. cup sugar locker plant at your

roll water cup Each (No. 1 can) crushed pineapple ULTIMATE The % cup in. wide, 18

Food in Frozen plus cup from pineapple, drained skim milk powder Juice ft. sq.—60 Proleclion

teaspoon almond extract water to make l 1/* cups powder skim milk cup juice tablespoon lemon JOeXfout Soak gelatin in cold water. Dissolve %1

gelatin mixture in hot prune juice.

I waterChill anduntilskimfirm,milkthenpowder,whip.add Whipsugar juiceMeasureinto bowl.water, Addpineapple,skim milkand powderlemon

and almond extract, then combine with and beat until smooth. Add crushed

WESTERN WAXED PAPER DIVISION whipped gelatin mixture. Fold in cut pineapple. Freeze until mushy consistCrown Zellerbach Corp. prunes and chill until firm. Other ency. Return to bowl and whip. Finish

PORTLAND. SAN LEANDRO. LOS ANGELES fruit may be used if desired. freezing.

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOOD FOR THE BARN DANCE msv

F,reez Grand for/Refrigerators,ir/Refrl Too!

care!'"Take your partners—promenade—you know where, and I don't

arw\ake your partners—promenade—you know where, and I don't Farmer's Daughter Handout

care!"Freshly pressed agple juice is a

There will be a long promenade most delectable fall drink. Plan to

to the supper table, for next to dancserve it cold (canned, if fresh is not ing the thing that makes the party available). This beverage will* outcomplete for teenagers is plenty of shine all other drinks two to one, and

food. For a barn dance the menu it's so-o-o good for you.

should be kept simple. Give it a

new sparkle with a few of these ideas. Ma's Pumpkin Spiced Cookies Q 1952. B.B.CO.

Cover the table with a colorful (6 dozen) checked cloth and carry out the rustic theme with brightly colored pottery, 3 cups fine wholewheat flour, sifted crockery, or wood. Had you thought 31 teaspoonteaspoons saltbaking powder THE flRST AND ONLY JAR

of pouring apple juice from a shiny 1 teaspoon cinnamon FOR MODERN FREEZING it If milk pail? found, be can a Features!... with ginger Exclusive teaspoon These Y2 for butter serving dish wooden comcloves teaspoon!/4 CAPS COLORFUL pletes rustic atmosphere. the teaspoon nutmeg six in Y4 assorted eyecatching

Y2 cup shortening colors.

Harvesttime Platter 1 cup brown sugar EASY TO FILL molasses cup because of wide mouth, rigid side$ t Y2 a platter on Arrange cup pumpkin cold meat y2 cuts, cheese, Swiss and hardcooked Ik cup mi l '2 SEAL EASY TO or deviled eggs. Stack another plat-—just a twist and it's airtight,

ter with sliced rye and wholewheat Sift all dry ingredients together.

bread. Beside it place a dish of easyCream shortening and sugar; add moEASY TO STACK

tospread butter, a crock of mayonlasses and pumpkin and mix well. Add—base fits into cap of jar below,

naise, and a tray of relishes. Don't milk alternately with flour to the batter

forget a bowl of crisp lettuce leaves. mixture. Turn out on lightly floured EASY TO EMPTY

(-!>, due to shoulderless, tapering shape, It can be part of the fun to make your board, roll % inch thick, and cut with

own or your partner's sandwich. cookie cutter. Bake on greased cookie EASY TO CLEAN... REUSABLE!

sheet in moderately hot oven (400 F.) Can be sterilized, used over and over.

about ten minutes. Cool. Economical! Buy 'em by the dozen. AvailFarmer's Garden able in 16 oz. and 22 oz.

What could be more appealing Cottage Gingerbread look for the Red, White than a tray of fresh garden greens, and Blue Carton \ radishes, tomatoes, turnip sticks, cauli2y2 cups fine wholewheat flour, sifted 3 teaspoons baking powder flowerettes, vegetables. or other This

salt teaspoon ]/2 rates high kind of food among young l ginger teaspoons l/2 folk. (Concluded on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1952 687 Food for the Barn Dance (Concluded from preceding page) 1 teaspoon cinnamon l/2 teaspoon cloves 1 cup brown sugar, firmly packed 1 beaten egg Y2 cup cooking oil ]/2 cup molasses 1 cup milk

Sift all dry ingredients together. Add

oil and molasses to the beaten egg.

if you don't agree SUREJELL Pectin Combine the two mixtures and beat makes jams and jellies with tinsuntil smooth.and bakePour inintomoderategreased muffinoven

finer Real FreshFruit Flavor!* (350 F.) about 25 minutes. Cool.

Cut a coneshaped piece from the top of each cupcake. Fill the top with a

filling of:

1 cup cottage cheese 1 cup chopped dates Y2 cup chopped nuts y2 teaspoon salt

Place the cake cone on top of the filling. Very good when served with

applesauce.

Horaemakers'Bookrad REDUCING COOKBOOK AND DIET GUIDE (Llewellyn Miller. Thomas Y. Crowell

Co., New York. 1951. 260 pages. $2.75.)

''The family that 'runs to fat'very often is the family that runs to a table overloaded with starches, fats, and

We make this offer to let you see for yourself that jams and jellies made sugars."Those are the foods to avoid

with SureJell have more of that rich Real FreshFruit Flavor. Here's why: if you would lose weight says Mr. Mileat interthat can you show ler. To Coded for freshness—you know SureJell is fresh!

still plenty, avoid meals, eat and esting

Oneminute boil—saves precious juice and flavor! overweight, the author has compiled a

60 kitchentested recipes—for perfect results, follow recipes exactly. bookcaloriethatherbmightcookery."aptly beHertermed,lifelong"lowin-

Highly concentrated—a natural fruit pectin product! terest in cooking and twentyfive years'

experience with diet have given her a background of recipes and ideas on *HERE'S fit. recipes'there the Preceding keeping ALL YOU DO t0 9Bt the guide, diet emphasizing need is a tr>le /our money back IT'S A FACT! diet explaining for and wellbalanced a

Almost 3M times as many the principle of reducing to avoid damglasses and jelly age to health. B. S. of jam were r'J ust return the front vanelZL lT 11 in SureJell 1951 Package (the made with on"'&&ft*?** it) to "SureJell, all other than were made with 250 PW pjf ark GARDENER'S COOKBOOK -> THE Ave New York NDept. pectins powdered combined. Z'Y,'and a yUr address Eastern Krofsky. by Sponsored r (Jean ne Wh* and 25 Y. States Exchange. Farmers'Thomas r,17, the flavr disappointed a von f 1952. pages. 150 York. hy Crowell Co., New

A Product of General Foods Postagetriple whatcostsyou PDaid f X X"SureJ"g6t backplus $2.50.)A handy collection of recipes to aid

variety a in tables to her family of ways this in volume. small is contained $UR6JEU the housewife in presenting vegepotatoes the is Ameneas -, Everything from common VcrgestSelling Pbwdered PtecHn! and green peas to the more unusual

artichokes and Chinese cabbage is in688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i.

eluded, and an expert cook or a new homemaker will enjoy them. Sections

on salad greens, garden herbs, and sauces and dressings are also included to help add flavor and variety to daily menus. B. S.

Book Arrangement

By Louise Price Bell

T-Tave you ever tried to find a certain book and been unable to do so, all because it. was in no special

place but had been put in the bookcase or shelves in a haphazard manner?

Some people arrange books accordMrs. Carlson of Hagerman, Idaho, praises easyto-use Dry Yeast

ing to authors, putting all the volumes by the same author together.

Others like to have all the books that Wins top honors in cooking contests relate to one subject in the same spot. Mrs. Bert her Active Carlson "It's shows Yeast. Dry tops,"

daughter Both systems are good. young one of rises she says. fast!"the many "Always

if a systematic With arrangement, blue ribbons she has in cookwon Folks find yeasteverywhere to find you birds, want a book on you ing contests. Mrs. Carlson has raised delicious goodies nourand

that so you can know do a winner at the go been if you Gooding ishing! at bake When you home,

to the place on the shelves where the County Fair since 1948—and just use yeast. And use the best

nature books are standing. If your last year took 8 more prizes! Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast.

family is a natureloving family and Like so many expert cooks, It's so fast, so convenient—gives

you have books on birds, flowers, Mrs. Carlson uses Fleischmann's you grand results!

trees, wild flowers, nature pests, etc.,

it is a good idea to arrange those subjects in alphabetical order for speedy location.

Be sure to put the books and magazines that the children use on the lower shelves so they can easily get them without having to climb on. chairs and perhaps have accidents by Trust.

doing so.

HANDY HINTS

Payment for Handy Hints used will be The Salt Lake Tribune is read by ail with one dollar upon publication. In the event confidence because of the integrity of

that two idea are submitted, with the same the earlier will one receive postmarked the its news columns. Faithful reporting of

dollar. None of the ideas can be returned, national and local news events in their

but each will receive careful consideration. true light, and balanced attention to the

major events in the world each day are

Before placing the screwtops on botbasic principles in publication of The tles of fruit when canning, wipe them Tribune. This is another reason why

on the inside with a little shortening, The Tribune is read thoroughly every and when you are ready to open them, I day by the people of Utah, Idaho, Wyothey will come off easily and never | ming and Nevada—another reason why

stick.—Mrs. M. W. W., St. Johns, Ariz. ] this newspaper is

A wire popcorn popper makes an ideal THE TJE THAT BINDS THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST roaster for roasting hot dogs over a campfire. R. S., Atlanta, Ga.

To discourage flies from visiting your windows, plant oldfashioned mignonette in boxes. window While humans

odor, fliesenjoy the Kit fake % ibtme of it. sicken L. L.,Hollywood, Fla. One of America's Great Newspapers

SEPTEMBER 1952 689 NO ATTACHMENTS

with the ANKER ZIGZAG

Incredibly versatile, yet it's the smoothest, easiest—Eva Luoma Photo

sewing machine you ever saw. Just touch the builtHow Can I GET ALONG BETTER

in STITCH-O-METER and do: With My BROTHERS and SISTERS?

ZIGBUTTON- ZAGGING HOLES by Rex A. Skidmore

PROFESSOR OF SOCIOLOGY AND SOCIAL WORK

BUTTONMONO- UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

SEWING GRAMING HEMBUND- matcomplicate Brothers and sisters astonight,"the car using jjt'm STITCHING STITCHING it. as enrich as well ters in a family yearold eighteenRodney I serted

APPLIQUE EMBROIDERY - as he prevented his sister, one The more people living together, the and Wonderful Straight year older, from taking the keys from more they can learn and enjoy each

Sewing... the hook on the wall. other, but more "give and take"is

Guaranteed a Lifetime Dad Jones stepped forward, took required.

the keys, and replied, "Just a minute, Suggestions for Getting Along here, let's see what the situation really is."The three of them talked 1. Pull together rather than push

it over and finally "worked out a apart. A small piece of string may be

deal"so that Lucy could use the easily broken, but several strands car the first part of the evening to wound together will withstand a treattend a shower, and Rodney could mendous pull. Brothers and sisters

use it to take his two friends and who join their abilities and interests partners to a dance, later. can strengthen and build each other:

Full Selection of Fine Cabinets and Desks LIBERAL TRADEIN For the Name and Address of your local dealer, phone or write...

WILLIAMS Sewing Machine Dist. Co.

808 So. State Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone 9-5512 Dealers franchises available.

discount to Special Bieler Paul S. by—Photo Organizations Church

pursuits. serious more A happy child soon learns cooperation in play as well as in

690 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA An interesting example, reported in the Reader's Digest, of the importance of family members pulling start the dat| together involved a family of three iwho were driving along the Tamiami the right wai|

Tampa, andtrail between Miami - J\Florida. been with... has This highway

raised out of swamps and is narrow in places. Suddenly the driver lost

control of the car. It skidded, plunged

over the side of the road, and settled in twelve feet of water. Further action was described as follows:

"Don't try to get out,"cried the father.

Fortunately, with the windows closed, the new fourdoor sedan was almost watertight. "Now,"he added, "don't move. Take

little breaths. Make the oxygen last. Lots

of people saw what happened. We're

going to be rescued."

The waiting seemed endless, but the reasoning was correct. Several witnesses sped

on to telephone the police. With the

emergency squad came a diver. When he

lowered himself to the bottom, he found all three passengers sitting quietly. They had

remained so for thirty minutes.

2. Be sensitive to the needs and

interests of one another. As you try

to understand what each member of the family wants and needs for enjoyable living, you are more likely to help each member attain these needs, bringing satisfaction to them and to you. Occasionally you need

to imagine yourself in the position of your brother or sister to see how the world looks from his or her point of view.

This idea is illustrated by a Sioux

Indian, Edwin Laughing Fox, who was called to testify before the government in Washington, D. C. When

asked his opinion of an acquaintance, he answered with dignity and poise:

"Oh, Great Spirit, help me never to judge another until I have walked two miles in his moccasins."Try to Old time mapleflavored Nalley's

sense how things look from the Lumberjack Syrup and a big, scrumptious "moccasins"of your brother or sister. stack of buttery, countrymorning

3. Do things for one another. A Sperry buttermilk hotcakes! The largest

basic principle of living is that those selling table syrup in the Northwest and the light, who do the most for others are the flavorfull goldenbrown perfection of Sperry's happiest. Build something for a hotcakes. A breakfast team with a million dollar appeal

younger brother and sister, taking at a pennywise price!

them to a party or dance, introducing them to your friends, and making them feel you are proud to belong to the same family. Nalley's

4. Share your belongings and ideas if irs

with them. This doesn't mean that

you should share everything but at Lumberjack least some things. Some brothers IT'S GOOD

and sisters lend clothes to each other, which give a welcome change of apSyrup (Concluded on following page) SEPTEMBER 1952 691 How Can I Get Along Better With My Brothers and Sisters?

(Concluded from preceding page)

In the store pearanceother aboutfor plansboth. andConfidinghopes inforeachthe

future is often helpful in bringing brothers and sisters closer together At your door and often results in wiser decisions.

Same top quality 5. Take turns in using family

either way you buy facilities. The car, the amusement

room with its pingpong table, the

Produced in the high TV, or radio are some of the major mountain valleys of belongings which often are in overthe Wasatch moundemand. Since the car can't go two

tains—famous for directions at the same time, and

rich, nutritious grasses since the TV set can't present proand cool mountain grams from two stations at the same streams. hour, compromise needs to be an accepted part of everyday living among

brothers, sisters, and parents. Taking

turns and planning in advance as much as possible are among the best HILAND ways for handling these demands.

HOME DELIVERY DIV. There will still be times and occaOF HILAND DAIRY sions which will not work out by just

taking turns. These call for more Millbrook

400 basic compromise, but by family

UNITS OF VITAMIN D compromise the problems can be IN BOTH MILKS 3-5724 solved. Try to go more than halfway in making concessions, and the

conflicts will usually work out all right.

If you have brothers and sisters, you are fortunate. There are times

when they seem to be "pests,"but how happy would you actually be sisters Brothers without them? and EXTRA MONEY OLD WORDS FOR MAKE are assets part do your if you and the Friendly Way! WESTERN

the Cards Christmas from West. Show new

sells fast, Assortment Card $1 you pays up 21to take your turn. As you get along

Book, Address TREASSCROLL GOLDEN better with them, you'll get along Christmas Personalized For The Home, 50c!URESCards, others. Write experience needed. No now better yourself. with FREE Imprint for approval, Samples. assortments on

257WESTERNSouth SpringARTStreet,STUDIOSLos Angeles 12,Dept.California950

The Church Moves On../SHORTHAND (Continued from page 624)

stage, soloist find child adult of radio, concert and Both and opera;

inspiration in joy and of the Tabernacle Salt Lake and music the V IN 6 WEEKS of Beloved the lyrical language choir and organ. Free Demonstration Version. Traditionally the King James

Famous Speedwriting system. Uses ABC's. No uniquotations, it is the for Biblical source symbols. machines. Thousands No No ft Fifteen hundred persons, some in O of the true beauty versal text—teaching the ofsigns. Speedwriters civil service. in business and

"begin New classes colorful the lands choose a Bible of the of Books. twice monthly. Day or "costumes you Book When

cost. Low Bible evening. for a National choose or old, young Presijust visited, he that had welcomed

in King the authorized James Version for affiliated with dent David O. McKay at the railroad contentment. enduring peace and

National Bibles are available in many styles station as he returned to Salt Lake City.

suitable and sizes ScJuxU oj Biuiu. teachers. for awards, children, HENAGER second annual students allChurch and O O The

4-7791 45 EAST BROADWAY PHONE ""at the began golf tournament

AT YOUR BOOKSTORE Write for free booklet about Speedwriting. Ogden Golf and Country Club. It atHENAGER BUSINESS SCHOOL OF

Salt 45 East Broadway, Lake City, Utah tracted some ninetyone top golfers from

Please send me a free copy of the Speedfour states.

golf annual allChurch The O A Name bibles national writing booklet, with free sample lesson. continued tournament to be played BELOVED KING JAMES VERSION CityAddress....Zone State at Ogden, Utah.

692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Arnold Goff of Salt Lake City Deseret Sunday School Union general so won the second annual allChurch board.

golf tournament by beating Bob Loane of Oakland, California, one up on thirtyElder Ezra Taft Benson of the six holes. 2 Council of the Twelve dedicated V&

the chapel of the Egin Bench Ward,

August 1952 Yellowstone (Idaho) Stake.

Elder Don B. Colton, under whose Elder LeGrand Richards of the

1 supervision some twentyfive thouCouncil of the Twelve dedicated the sand missionaries received intensive chapel of the La Canada Ward, Glentraining in the mission home during dale (California) Stake.

the past fourteen years, died today. He

was formerly president of the Uintah Sunset services were sponsored by the (Utah) Stake, and of the Eastern States M. I. A. in wards of the Salt Lake

Mission. He was also a member of the Valley.

Jke triumph or [nncipte5

Richard L. Evans You get them both

with Dependable, Economical Tn thinking upon the accomplishments of the pioneers and patriots of the past, we cannot help pausing in humble M.C.P. Jam and

they of did with they what what acknowledgment had, Jelly PECTIN that for wouldn't have we with gratitude what and we have hadprinciples—theif they hadn'tprinciplesofferedof theirtruth allandforofthefreedompreservationto followof thisYou'llDELICIOUSSee... PLUMby MakingJELLY

truth. The sacrifices they made, the courses to which they (For 1 Recipe)

committed themselves demonstrated their courage and their HERE'S WHAT YOU BUY!

. 1 convictions. They knew that happiness does not come with which4 lbs. fullymakeripebestplumsjelly);(sour,31/2 clingstonelbs. sugar;.

compromising principles. They knew, as Emerson observed, packageglasses; paraffin.M.C.P. Pectin; 12 sevenounce

of triumph but the can bring you peace "Nothing princiHERE'S DO! YOU WHAT

1 Crush plums happiness or not real progress but do ples."can bring human 1 Nothing

or pit. peel water; to boil bring Add 1 thoroughly,cup but the triumph of principles. And one proof of any princiand simmer 10 minutes. Squeeze out juice.

ple is what it does for people in their search for the ultimate 2.largeMeasurekettle. exactly(Add water5 leveltocupsfill juiceout intolast

objective of happiness. Significantly was it said by our cup, if necessary.)

Savior: "... by their fruits ye shall know them."2 After all, 3.boil,AddstirringM.C.P.constantly.Pectin, stir well, bring to

4. (Previadd 7 level NOW, cups sugar this is the demonstration of all truth—in science, in business, ously measured), to full mix well, bring

in education, in religious conviction, in political philosophies, rolling boil. BOIL EXACTLY 2 MINUTES.

s 5. Remove from fire, let boil subside. in life—"... by their fruits ye shall know them."And Skim carefully.

of everything that is offered, we should know what it does 6.'/2-in.Pourspaceintoforsterilizedsealing withglasses,fresh allowingparaffin.

forprogress—whathuman happiness,it does,whatnot onlyit doeswhatfor itpersonalpromisespeaceor whatand HERE'S WHAT YOU GET!

it purports; not theories that won't work or convictions that

crumble at the first obstacle, or philosophies that fall with 12 SEVEN -OUNCE GLASSES OF THE the weight of reality, or beliefs that won't stand the test of FINEST PLUM JELLY YOU EVER TASTED!

in Step 1 use plums, sweet If you juice; in Step 2 lemon life, or weak resolution that straddles every issue. If a man NOTE:add Vzcup measure

thinks he has a superior faith or philosophy, a superior 4 cups juice; in Step 4 add 6 cups sugar.

theory, a superior plan or process or program or purpose, Makes 10 sevenounce glasses.

let it be asked what it does, where and when has it worked?

Let the fruits of the formula be judged by what it has done IT'S JAM for people in terms of personal peace or real progress or and JELLY enduring happiness. "... by their fruits ye shall know INSURANCE

them.""Nothing can bring you peace [or happiness] but the

triumph of principles."

—Jhe Jpohen WoJ"FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, JULY 20, 1952 Copyright, 1952 A Product of 1Emerson, CO. PRODUCTS CITRUS "Self Reliance."MUTUAL 7:20. 2Matthew

Anaheim, California Established 1928

SEPTEMBER 1952 693 Did Father lehi Have ALL-O-WHEAT

Daughters Who Married cereal a the Sons of Ishmael?

(Concluded from page 642) \l/eJciuouAworld, as does the marriage of his daughters with Lehi's sons. Since it has ever It is made from the

been the custom among the desert people finest whole wheat for a man to marry the daughter of his paand contains ALL the nutrition ternal uncle [hint 'ammi], it is hard to and goodness of the ENTIRE the impression avoid that Lehi and Ishmael wheat kernel!

related. were

SERVE YOUR FAMILY The thesis of my article is reinthis completelotsBreakfastof Cereal forced and practically secured by a seldomnoticed and almost forgotten

Why Share Your Space statement of Nephi's in describing the with a Swinging Door? final separation of his followers from

the dissident elements among the a "MODERNFOLD"door takes none Nephites:

MORE SPACE FOR LIVING Wherefore, it came to pass that I, Nephi,

NEW COLORFUL - STRENGTHBEAUTYOF STEEL did take my family, and also Zoram and RIGID

MOVABLE WALLS his family, and Sam, mine elder brother the doors that fold and his family, and Jacob and Joseph my like an accordion younger brethren, and also my sisters, and all those who would go with me....

(II Nephi 5:6; italics author's.)

For the first time, Nephi mentions having sisters. To be sure, he does

For demonstration write or phone not refer to his sisters as the wives of Ishmael's two sons, but that they 1343 SO.ALDER'SMAIN SALT LAKE CITY were is almost certain in view of the

Phone 7-1531 fact that no mention is made of Lehi's

Please your free send me the booklet entitled having other children following IE-4. Living"for "More Space

NAME: birth of Jacob and Joseph. What is

Address remarkable is that these daughters

City State of Lehi were willing to leave their husbands, the sons of Ishmael, if they were still living, and follow Nephi after having rebelled against him during the trip from Jerusalem into the wilderness. (Ibid., 7:6.) DoubtPIKES PEAR less the details of this story will, in Always

time, be made fully known to us. Insist on

Early California F10UR 1"Lehi in the Desert,"The Improvement Era, Vol. Brand

With FOUR 53,2 It (February,must be 1950)recognized,p. 156.of course, that there is a saysPONCHITObuy EARLY CALIFORNIA

Extra Baking remoteNephi werepossibilityborn tothatLehi theon "sisters"this continentmentionedand wereby sliced ripe olives

Advantages notthe girlsthe wivesis notofmentionedIshmael's agreessons. withThat goodthe birthOrientalof

custom. That Lehi had at least four daughters is a

SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS thepossibilityBook ofthatMormon.must be However,recognized I byrepeatall studentsthat it ofis

425 West 5th South aII remoteNephi 3:1possibilitywhere Josephparticularlyis referredin theto aslightLehi'sof

Salt Lake City, Utah "lastborn."But to Orientals "firstborn"and "lastborn"are applied mostly to sons. LOIANCELES

"Where There's a Will..."IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS LANKERSHIM

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple (Continued from page 647) \- -in the sore throat and other minor mouth choose to answer. The pressure on f m center of

and throat irritations. the school administration to open the

feel situation could the tension of the HALLS gym was growing, and the students Rooms with bath from $3.50 REMEDY

classes. in their Teachers had Salt Lake City, Utah been {SEVENTHE. P. "Al"ANDALFORDBROADWAY

-O-0-B-0'MH>-i<<)--<>--0-M-O-i< n-. forbidden to go to the youth center. Gen. Mgr.

694 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mr. Towne announced to Bill one

night that he had found it necessary to sell the juke box which they were using. Bill called together his counselors, and the three of them set out and Fritos go Swell together!

on a tour of the business section to get donations for a new juke box for their dances. The response was overwhelming. In a short time, they had

collected over two hundred dollars.

Then, a very foolish thing happened. The students, perhaps a little too much impressed with how

neatly they had dumped the embarrassing situation into the superintendent's lap, skipped school en masse one afternoon to celebrate the arrival of a new baby to one of the instructors. This was the type of action that

Mr. Piedmont had evidently been

waiting for, because he promptly expelled Bill, charging him with organizing and promoting the skip day and for participatinng in subversive activities (youth center) which were detrimental to the interests of the school. That was on Wednesday, and

for a whole weekend the students and the town seethed. There were

phone calls and meetings, and the following Monday, Bill was invited back to school. And to the great joy

of all the students, the youth center was moved into the gymnasium.

What seemed for a while to be the end turned out to be the real begin- "It's delightfully different,"says Mrs. Ruth

ning of the project. Dunlop, star of "Cook's Corner"on

KPHOTV, Phoenix, Ariz. "I find

That was in 1945. Later, the Faultless Starch is delightfully difJohnstown Youth organization spread ferent in so many ways. I love the

to a neighboring town. It has spondelicate fresh laundry fragrance

all clothes. gives Faultless Starchsored parties, some hikes many lovely

is so delightStarch And Faultlessand picnics, some skits, masquerade fully busy easy on wash to make balls, theater parties, and many days. Either hot or cold in barely a

wholesome dances. And it will conminute from this one perfect starch!

tinue to live on in the memories of But best of all! Faultless Starch

all who organized it and participated makesence. Theironingironinga delightfulaids in Faultlessexperiin it. Starch help so much to make ironing

a joy—not a job. I certainly recommend this delightfully different

Faultless Starch."MAKERS OF KitC/lCtl CftHM!

SISTER STARTS TO SCHOOL SUPER WAXED PAPER

... moulded

LightBy Hazel M. Kerr DRINK,>Unbreakableto look like glass.

free. Econoise weight,"Sister I 'his launched morning upon

height. Standard nomieal. -*- great dealer. your from Order her ficq A delightful

Intent and shiningeyed, OFFER SPECIAL forAdventure—school! hot beverage those M.25SB 167Do*. ESS

coffee. for lot drink at trial don't BrotherShe the gate had no thought $1.00 of who for Ij Mail

Who sobbed to see her go. And Baby cried AT YOUR GROCERS one dozen sent postpaid.

Because he felt himself forgotten while BRASS GOODS'CQ. 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass.

His mother watched a small girl down the street. (fattuttet

Yes, there were tears at home; but with a

smile fan 4ventf Small Sister sped on eager dancing feet of school's R's three fascinatingIn quest

CO. COSTUME SALT LAKE herKeeping first appointment with

3-1031 St., Salt Lake City - Dial So. Main the 248 stars.

SEPTEMBER 1952 695 &WL

AN OUTSTANDING RECORD

Rhodelle Theurer, fifteenyear-old Mia CORRECTION!

Maid of Providence First Ward, Mt.

Logan (Utah) Stake, has achieved an In the first item of "Exploring the Universe"—August

outstanding record of Church attendissue—we have misquoted Dr. Harris. The item should

ance. From January 1, 1951, to June 1, read "... Today 536 million gallons of ice cream are

1952, Rhodelle has never missed a sacraconsumed in a year."He said, in calling our attention

ment meeting or Sunday School and to the error: "'Billions'would give every person on the

only two absences from M.I.A. She has earth a pint of ice cream a day."

to her credit eight additional meetings, We regret this error.

conference sessions extra and Sunday The Editors services. evening daughter The of Mr.

and Mrs. Jess J. Theurer of Providence,

Utah, she is an active member of her group in all organizations.

The attendance record of the entire Fullerton, California

Rhodelle Mia Maid class of which she is a memDear Editors:

Theurer ber has been commendable. f\ ne of the highlights of my trip was my visit to The Im-

-* provement Era, and after studying the magazine I'm greatly -<$- impressed with the exceptional quality of the verse....

Sincerely yours, Antioch, California /s/ Ethel Jacobson

Dear Editors:

have been asked by the bishop of the Pittsburg Ward to

I write you this letter. Portland, Oregon

We would like to know if it would be possible to have the Dear Editors:

location of printed chapel our Era. Improvement in The We article of issue in very enjoyed the Era the June much your feel that so of process our boys through Church many Camp

the pictures, very Hutchins. pleased on Colleen with I was it * are to find the unable Stoneman and even Church though

is close by. for the ones they have had in the papers here in Portland

Camp Stoneman is the port of embarkation for Korea and were not the least bit flattering.

Japan. This is the last contact they have with the Church Colleen is very deserving of the special attention she was

before going over.,. given in the Era. Although I didn't know her very well at

We have made signs and placed them in the camp, but many Brigham Young University, she has always been in my mind of them miss seeing them. In fact we have been told they as the most outstanding girl I have ever met.

have a house cleaning about every two weeks and destroy Sincerely, all signs. /s/ Jayne Stone

This is the address we would like printed:

"The Church of Jesus Christ of -Latterday Saints is visible chapel onefourth mile northwest of Camp SERVICEMEN IN IWAKINE, JAPAN gate."Stoneman's main

We hope this meets with your approval. monyNinemeetingL.D.S. atservicemenIwakine, Japan.held theirPresentEasterwereservicesJ. KeithandWalker,testiSincerely yours, Kaysville, Utah; Ronald York, Denver, Colorado; Lee V. God-

/s/ Mrs. Elva Hunt frey, Tacoma, Washington; Harold Asplund, Murray, Utah;

Harold Woodland, Brigham City, Utah; William Wells,

Alameda, California; Ray Reese, Brigham City, Utah; George

Portland, Oregon Curtis, Salem, Utah. Absent when the picture was taken was

Dear Editors: Clinton W. Jackson, San Diego, California. All are on the

found the June issue of particular interest, and wish to subscription lists of The Improvement Era.—Reported by

I compliment you on the cover and the. article about Miss George Curtis.

Hutchins. The selection of such a girl for Miss America gives

one fresh hope for America.

Sincerely /s/ Janet Moore

Korea Dear Editors:

don't know exactly whom to thank for sending or having

I sent The Improvement Era to me. But I am glad they did.

Over here it's almost impossible to find L.D.S. boys. I have

only found one so far. So The Improvement Era was a great

help to me. I was thankful to get it.

It lets us boys over here know what goes on in the Church being so far from the Church. We always have the Lord's

Spirit with us, but we miss going to Church and meeting the fine people of our own faith.

I certainly hope I continue to get the Era, and I pray that every serviceman gets one. It will help a great deal in keeping

them in Very close touch with the Church....

Sincerely, /s/ Elwin O. Barnum

696 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IVe lots of time for my children

Ironrite'since I got my says Mrs. Paul Wagner

244 S. E. 78th Avenue

Portland, Oregon

wife professional man's a children, three I had 1"As with my hands full.

"Ironing was the biggest job of all. It

used to take me from 8 to 10 hours a week, leaving me worn out and too tired to really enjoy my children. But

that was before I got my Ironrite

Automatic Ironer!

"Doing a big ironing is no trouble at all with my Ironrite. It irons anything I can wash, saving me many

precious hours each week. With my

Ironrite, my little girls'things and my husband's daily white shirts, which took so much time, are a breeze.

And there's nothing to finish by hand!

"Yes, thanks to Ironrite, I have lots of time for my children, and for many other things I've been too busy for.

Take a tip from me and see your

Ironrite dealer today!

MODEL 85.New,improved,

closedtoplronrite Automatic Ironer (above).

MODEL 80 (below). Open

model. Also MODEL 88.

Ironrite Cabinette with warpproof hardwood top in brown mahogany or honey blond finish.

2 my"Ironinghusbandclean,is a crispsimpleshirtsjob withfor 3"lronrite's in each endDoallof theironingpoints,ironing shoe, my Ironrite. It saves me hundreds act like handiron points. They get

of ironing motions. Why, with its into the tiniest tucks and gathers,

two open ends, I can iron the whole making such hardto-iron things as back of a shirt in 10 to 12 seconds! my little girls'dresses easy."

LOW DOWN PAYMENT. MORE FOR YOUR MONEY ASK ABOUT A FREE

EASY CREDIT TERMS IN AN IRONRITE HOME DEMONSTRATION

Iron rile

All leading appliance stores sell Ironrite!

See YOUR local Ironrite Ironer Dealer

Distributed by DESERET APPLIANCE DISTRIBUTORS INC 142 South 5th West -Salt Lake City, Utah y:if,...g;Vm

7 p|pp ":':'

;--;. you like the feel. of sea spray churned

up from a trimrigged sloop,.. or perhaps

its the puttputt of on outboard motor and the tug line of trout that on trolling gives -* -Hfei a thrill? of boating kind you Whatever

pleasure you and your family prefer, you fun always more peace hove more—and

-f insure mishaps against 'you SiP and other simple safety

*i i rfti'.yjBjOJC'

You can insure against life's financial mishaps, your friendly tficiaf Life representative can bring you '%ESpeace of mind that comes on!"

d life insurance progr

tis u ranee David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City - Utah