Vol. VI. The Glory of God is Intelligence. O, 5.

IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Organ of Young Mcns Mutual Improvement Associations.

PUBLISHED BY THE OENERAIj BOARD. ||'

i Business F. Smith, ) J. Grant, Joseph

) Managers. | wnuravauors. HbbbrThos. Hull, Anderson, Edw. H.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as Second Class Matter.

MARCH, 1903.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Portrait of John Nicholson Frontispiece

Tiger Hunting in India Col. R. M/Bryce Thomas 321

Youth to Springtime, a Poem E. H. Anderson 332

Mission and Teachings of Joseph Smith Maj. Richard W. Young 333

My Own, a Poem, 340 The "Mormon"Doctrine of Deity B. H. Roberts 341

Life's Mission F. F. Dalton 360

Put Yourself Into Your Work 361

John Nicholson, a Biographical Sketch Orson F. Whitney 362

Funeral Rites in Japan, Part II Alma O. Taylor 369

The Violet, a Poem Lydia D. Alder 376

Talks to Young Men, V—Habit 377

The Prophet Joseph Healing the Sick, a Poem...C. L. Walker 380

Some Leading Events in the Current Story of the

World—Trip Around the World—Necessity

the Mother of Invention—The Negro Question in the South—Canada and Wheat—The

Panama Canal Treaty—The Venezuelan

Troubles Dr. J. M. Tanner 381

Editor's Table—An Epistle on Ethics President Joseph F. Smith 388

"Mormon"Doctrine in Congress—Questions

and Answers: Ratio of Representation—Population of Utah—Dowie and "That Prophet"—

The Angel Who Restored the Gospel—Notes

Events of the Month Thomas Hull 396

SALT LAKE CITY:

214 f 215 TEMPLETON BUILDING.

Published Monthly. $2.00 Per Annum

JOHI C. IcClDIII. Pratt. IHEO I.BURTOI.Sm. W. J. BUITOI, Irui

BURTON COAIl =WflITI= -ND LUMBER CO. Until you can write us before

buying a Piano or Organ, for we can save you money. ALL KINDS

CF GOAL.

ALL KINDS OF LUMBER Wholesale and Retail. 6JB

fBUSIC DEAliEfS.

LUMBER IN CAR LOTS A SPECIALTY.

Sole Agents tor Utah and Idaho for the Celebrated Office, 60 W. Second South Street.

HENRY F. MILLER Yards, Cor. FifthTelephoneSooth and808.Third West St.

PIANOS. THE.

NEIDHAM PIANOS AND ORGANS OF STATE BANK UTAH

Aeeounts SoUelted.

Cofvespondenee Invited.

13 S. Main Street, Logan, Utah OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.

Joseph F. Smith, President.

Wm. B. Preston, VicePresident.

Charles S. Burton, Cashier.

Henry T. McEwan, Asst. Cashier,

Heber J. Grant Jos. D. Murdock

MISSIONARIES A. W. Carlson Heber M. Wells Byron Groo Isaac Barton

should write to or call on the Keep Ifloney at HomeSALT LAKE KNITTING WORKS for their HOSIERY. UNDERWEAR AND "GARMENTS"By Insuiring

before leaving for in—their fields of labor. the—Don't

We hay* a fall line of Carry WHITE SHIRTS, HOSIERY, NECKWEAR.

Youp Our Specialty is KNITTED "6ARMENTS."We have them in Cotton from $1.00 up HOME Own

and In Wool from $1,75 up.

ORDBR BV JBSKIU PR07HI WS. Risk.

When ordering "Garments"send your height, weight, chest measure and length otsleeve to FIRE

Salt Iiake Knitting Works, OF. Salt Iiake City, Utah

C. E. THOf{STE|4SH]4, ff.QV. UTAH

directors: H6t)6r J. Gram & 60..

J. A. Hendrickson, President

Joseph F. Smith, VicePresident GENERAL AGENTS. Thomas Hull

Rudger Clawson 2026 Stuth Mam St., Salt Lake City. Utmh M. Christopherson

(WHRIS WRITIKG TO ADVBRTI8BB8 PLBA8B MBNTIO> THB BRA.)

THE HIO GRflllDE WESTEHJl

... RHO THEDEflVEHflJlDHlOGWDE

Best lioeal Ttaln Sepyiee in Utah.

Ffom ten to forty minutes the fastest line between Ogden, Salt Lake City, Lehi, American Fork, Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with through sleeping and dining cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St* Louis and Chicago.

MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE.

For Rates, etc., enquire of Local Agent or

write - I. A. BENTON,

General Agent, Salt Lake City.

S!V!!S=555s;=*5t;=

PPerhaps i you have tried OTHER BREAKFAST FOODS.... and found

them "mushy."Just try Peery

Bros. "WHEAT FLAKES."See

how nice and delicate—how

delicious. You will use it regularly after a trial.

Cooked ready for the table BiCVCLiES.

in a few minutes. No trouble

at all. Everything in Sporting Goods.

TRY THEM.

BASE BALLS, CAMERAS, TRY THEM NOW.

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES, Etc Peery Bros. nillingCo.

(Makers of High Grade Flour and Cereal Foods.)

WESTERN ARMS & SP0RTIN6 600DS CO.,LOQDEN, UTAH. i

115 South Main Street.

(WHBN WSITINO TO ADVBRTISBKS PLEASE MENTION THE ERA.)

t People You | THE LITERARY a Year. $3.00 r* F I lOc. I Single Copies VJ L JjQ Tt Like to Meet S'Dl

of the trains Illustrated Weekly of Magazine on tlie throuRh found Are is travel and discussion Firstclass on all He Route. Santa HN Information attracted to lirstclass roads. The Santa the chief subjects of human inter-

I"e Route is a lirstclass road. est, as digested from the world's choicest

It is one of lie three LARGEST RAILperiodical literature. The intelligent of

rank consider that for and creed S in the world. Present every SYSTEM WAY profitable periodical the most reading mileage, 7.734 niiles.

It extends from Lake Michigan to the nothing published excels it:

reachMexico, of Gulf Pacific Ocean ''is time your precious Chicago, KAILS BECAUSE ITS ing andOWN WITH it to enables you the make GalWorth, Fort Denver, City, Kansas of every reading providing moment, San most and Angeles, Los El Paso, veston, of 1,000 with you nearly the cream of the Francisco.

It runs the finest and fastest transworld's most valuable peiiodicals.

it selects, train, the CALIFORNIA translates, digests, continental g(|yU5 reprints or literathe best LIMITED.

managed by,,Mr. ture to be fouud periin the numberless Its MEAL SERVICE,

Fred Harvey, is the best in the world. odicals printed in all lands, giving its subIts TRACK is rockballasted and laid scribers the benefit of expert editorial

throughout with heavy steel rails. skill and discrimination.

DISthis, as LONG a road such On it enables to greatly e- you frequently are gECy[J5 RECORDS TANCE your conomize expenditures of that being feat latest the shattered, it periodicals, for possible to get making to Angeles Los Special.""Peacock the articles best in a greater the than number hours. than in less 58 miles i,!65 Chicago, ever subscribe would this for you for—and by desired luxury and comfort Every price a single the of only subscription, modern travelers.

CItMay we sell you a ticket over the Santa BECAUSE ei*arvregularDigestreadersbecomeof versatiletbC Fe?

on all sirtes of topics of current interest and discussion in politics, science, liter-

W.J.BLACK,G.P.A.,A.T.&S.F.Ry.; ature, art, religion, etc.I

jj TOPEKA, KANSAS. i Funk & Wanalls Co., New York

SAVE YODR MONEY, AND WHEN YOD GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COflPANY.

4 Per Cent Interest Paid on $1. to $5,000.

OFpiCEfS.

Joseph F. Smith,

President Anthon H. Lund

VicePresident.

George M. Cannon

Cashier.

Lewis M. Cannon,

Asst. Cashier.

DIIHCTOIS.

Joseph F. Smith

Anthon H. Lund

John R. Winder,

T. G. Webber

James Jack John T. Caine

Angus M. Cannon

Francis M. Lyman

George Reynolds L. John Nuttall

Angus J. Cannon

A. O. Woodruff

Hjrum M. Smitk

No I. MAIN STREET, - -. SAJJI IiAKE CITY UTAH

(WHKN WIUTING XC ADVBRTI8HR8 PLKASB MENTION THE EKA.t

Digitized by tine Internet Arciiive in 2011 witii funding from Corporation of tine Presiding Bisiiop, Tiie Ciiurch of Jesus Ciirist of Latterday Saints

Iittp://www.arcliive.org/details/improvementera0605unse

JOtlN NICHOLSON

Vol. VI. MARCH, 1903. No. 5.

TIGER HUNTING IN INDIA.

BY COL. R. M. BRYCE THOMAS, RETIRED OFFICER OF THE ENGLISH

ARMY AND FORMER RESIDENT OF INDIA.

Stories of big game hunting in the tropics possess considerable fascination and attraction for some persons, inasmuch as they describe a kind of sport that is not only out of the common, but that combines in itelf at the same time to so great an extent the two elements of excitement and danger; and I have been induced

to comply with the request of friends here, to whom I have now and again narrated a few of my hunting experiences in India, to write one of them for publication in the Era, in the hope that it may be appreciated by the readers of that periodical.

Some years ago, I was posted to a pleasant and favorite upcountry station, situated in one of the best shooting districts of the central provinces of India. There I met two congenial spirits,

also comparatively new comers, congenial in the sense of possessing one and the selfsame love of, and devotion to, large game sport, and, as may easily be imagined, we were eagerly anticipating the pleasure of once again beating up the wily tiger in its native haunts. It was not long before we discovered the similarity of our tastes in these respects, and commenced comparing

322 'IMPROVEMENJ ERA.

notes and exchanging views on the subject of sport, with the result that we planned some joint tigershooting expeditions, and roughly divided the neighboring jungles or forests into three blocks, apportioning one to each of us, and deciding that he in whose block a tiger or other large animal should at any time be found and beaten up, should both arrange for, and captain that particular hunt. A few days after this,we sent our private'*shikaris,"

or native hunters, out to our respective blocks with instructions to track down any big game they might come across, and send in periodical reports. Having done this, we patiently awaited results.

Parenthetically, and by way of elucidation, I will here make a short digression, and mention a few of the principal requirements and duties of the head shikari. In the first place, it is a sine qua

noil that he should be sufficiently conversant with the ways and habits of such animals as tigers, panthers, bears, wild buffalo, bison, etc., and at the same time be a firstrate tracker, able to

indicate,with fair accuracy by the foot prints of such animals, how long previously they had passed over the ground, and even to distinguish their sex and size therefrom; consequently, the success or

otherwise which is likely to be achieved in hunting large, fierce, and shy game, depends a very great deal upon the shikaris'capabilities in these respects. The first thing that a good and reliable

man will do, when he gets to work in the jungles, is to institute the fullest enquiries in all the surrounding villages as to whether any, and, if so, what animals are known or are believed to have been afoot of late, and then to track such animab down; but when a

tiger is the game of which he is especially in search, he will ordinarily not trouble himself very much as to the movements of other and smaller animals. The "kotwals,"or village watchmen, will

usually supply the shikari with two or three villagers to assist him, especially if he happens to be known to them, and is in the employ of any of the district officials, or if he holds a "purwanna,"or written order, from some district authority, indicating what business he is upon. Sometimes a resident local hunter,

possessing a fair knowledge of the likeliest places for the game which the shikari is in quest of, may be induced for a small remuneration to accompany him and his assistants, and give them the benefit of his knowledge and experience in respect to that parTIGER HUNTING IN INDIA. 323

ticular forest in which they may be working. Should a tiger, or

even his footprints, have been lately seen by any of the villagers, or should a bullock or cow happen to have been killed by one while grazing in the lands of any of the surrounding forest villages, the head shikari will at once proceed very carefully and quietly to track the brute down, but in no way to molest it, or do anything that might induce it to leave those forests for some of its other some miles away. He will at the same haunts—perhaps

time select the most likely cover where a tiger would lay up, usually in the neighborhood of a little water, and away from all crossforest roads and paths, or other similar places where it might easily be disturbed; and there, in the evening, he and his assistants will tie up to trees as bait, at intervals of about one hundred to one hundred and fifty yards, three or four young, fairly

grown buffaloes, or old and practically useless cattle, having previously watered them and placed sufficient straw for them to eat during the night. Tigers are always on the prowl at night time,

and, avoiding the denser jungles and heavier undergrowth, select the forest paths, and the dry and sandy beds of "nullahs,"or streams, to walk along; and it is consequently in or near such

places that cattle are usually tied up as bait. Very early next

morning, the shikari and his assistants go the round of these cattle, or as they are termed in India "garas,"and those they find alive are driven back into the villages from which they were obtained. If one is discovered to have been killed and partly eaten,

steps are at once taken to ascertain the direction in which the tiger is gone, usually by making a long circuit round the locality, and examining the sandy beds of all streams or other places where the animal could possibly have left its footprints. In this way the

tiger 's often located although seldom seen, and especially so if it happens to have gone in the direction of known good cover where there is water about, for, after a heavy gorge or meal, and a good drink of water, a tiger will not often move far away, its inclination being rather to lie down and go into a heavy sleep, in some cool, secluded spot, where there is no likelihood of its being disturbed.

Now to return to my story. One morning about a week after

we had sent our shikaris out, I received word from my block that 324 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

a very large tiger had killed and partly devoured a bullock during the previous night, and that my head shikari had located him in a certain part of the forest where there was excellent cover, and had also arranged to collect a hundred or more beaters together, in case we decided to go out. On receipt of this news, or "khubber,"as it is termed by the natives, I sent immediate intimation

to my two friends (whom I will hereafter call Lloyd and Gascoin, as I shall have to refer to them more than once during this narrative), and arranged with them to start out as soon as possible, so as to enable us to beat the tiger up during the heat of the day, for at that time these animals are usually in a lazy mood, and disinclined for exertion, and therefore move more slowly and quietly when disturbed than would be the case in the cool of the later afternoon or evening.

Just at this time, one of my sisters happened to be staying at my house on a short visit, and expressed a great desire to accompany me on my elephant to the hunt. I was at first loth to let

her take the risk, for there is always a certain risk in tiger shooting, but eventually consented, because, in the first place, this would in all probability be the only opportunity she might ever have of seeing anything of the kind, and also because I was to use on that occasion a wellknown fearless and staunch female elephant, named "Kali,"* which had faced many a tiger without flinching. As a rule elephants will not do this, and are great

cowards in the presence of a tiger.

Our elephants and guns were despatched at once, in charge of some of our servants, to a certain village which I had named, and we followed later on in our buggies and carriages. On our arrival at the village, we found the servants and elephants awaiting

us; and, mounting the elephants, and escorted by our gun carriers,

we followed the native guide whom my shikari had sent to show us the way, and proceeded very quietly to the place in the forests where he and the assembled beaters were awaiting us. After a

whispered conversation with him, in which I ascertained all I desired to know about the tiger's movements, and the lay of the forest, with its streams, hills and cover, I decided upon the direc-

*Pronounced Kahlee.

TIGER HUNTING IN INDIA. 325

tion in which I would drive Mr. Stripes, as we usually designate

the tiger in India. Sending off the shikaris and beaters by a

roundabout path, so as not to disturb the animal, to a certain half a mileplace from which I intended the beat to start—about

away—I arranged the positions which our three elephants should

occupy, so as to get the tiger well between the beaters and ourselves. My elephant took the center post, with Gascoin's on the

right, at a distance of about one hundred to one hundred and fifty yards away, and Lloyd's on the left somewhat further off, so as to cover a thickly wooded knoll for which the tiger might perchance make. As soon as the shikaris and beaters had reached the place

to which I had sent them, they spread themselves out in a long, curved line, so as to more completely cut off any retreat on the tiger's part, and then commenced to beat, shouting, howling, banging small drums, striking trees and underbrush with long, heavy stiaks, some armed with spears or old flintlock muskets, and all creating a din which increased as the line approached, and which sounded as if pandemonium had been let loose. We,

on the other side ofMr. Stripes, eagerly and noiselessly awaited

his appearance. I might here say that if a tiger is beaten up

in the proper direction, by which I mean the direction which the animal, with his intimate acquaintance with the forests and its cover, would of his own free choice take if disturbed in any way, he will commence to slink off as quietly as he can, in order to avoid detection, just as soon as he hears any noise from the opposite side. If, however, he happens to be beaten up in the wrong

direction, and hears a noise proceeding from the side toward which he would prefer to go, he will often remain crouching and concealing himself in the bushes, in the hope that those coming along will pass him by undetected, and so leave the way open for his retreat, but should a number of yelling, noisy beaters suddenly come upon him and disturb him, he will jump up with a roar in order to frighten them off, in which he is, of course, always successful, and will then either break back through the disorganized line of men, or rush forward with continual roars in order to escape the danger in which he believes himself to be. The agility

exhibited on such occasions by the forestdwelling natives, in finding speedy safety among the branches of the numerous trees all 326 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

around them, is, I believe, unequalled except by monkeys. Old

hunters in India claim, and, so far as my own experience goes, rightly so, I think, that if a tiger speaks in a beat, that beat has been mismanaged or undertaken by inexperienced persons, and that it is a sure indication that the tiger has been driven away from instead of toward his home or such cover as he would ordinarily seek.

Tigers, except they happen to be maneaters, which is of comparatively rare occurrence, will not attack human beings, unless they think that they are being attacked first, and then they will charge in self defense, so that beaters are as a rule safe when there are several men together, even when beating up maneating tigers. Indeed, it is not often that beaters even see the

tiger in a wellmanaged beat, until the brute has been shot, because he invariably slinks away just as soon as he hears any noise about, and is therefore almost always moving considerably ahead of the line of men who are beating him up. In all my thirty

years'experience of tiger and other large game hunting, I have rarely heard of a man being mauled or wounded by any animal in a beat.

As the noise of the oncoming line of beaters grew louder and louder, the excitement became more and more intense, and we on the elephants were eagerly scanning the jungle in every direction in front of us for the appearance of the tiger, when my sister suddenly noticed a movement to our right front, as if something was gliding about among the rocks and undergrowth, and, on quietly pointing this out to me, I at once saw that a very large and powerful tiger was on the move, making for a small hill not far from where Gascoin was posted. According to the etiquette

of shooting in India, it is always considered the right of the sportsman before whom an animal breaks cover, to have the prior shot, even though others may have seen it first, and first blood invariably secures the animal as a trophy; consequently, I could not

fire, notwithstanding that I was not more than a hundred yards away from the disappearing tiger. I tried every means short of

calling out, to attract the attention of Gascoin, who was intently watching for the animal in all directions, when suddenly he also caught sight of Mr. Stripes, and fired; but, being too hurried and

TIGER HUNTING IN INDIA. 327

the animal being partly concealed by the thick undergrowth, he missed him, the bullet passing just over his back, raising a cloud of dust. I was now free to fire, and just as the tiger began to mount

the hill, I put a bullet into him which brought him down for a moment, but quickly picking himself up, he resumed his climb.

Lloyd then made a capital shot, at a very long range,and rolled the tiger down the hill into a deep and densely wooded ''nullah,"or stream below. Upon this, I gave the signal for our elephants to

advance, and, realizing that we were now to face a savage brute, made doubly dangerous by his wounds, I made my way over to

Gascoin, and requested him to go on and head the tiger up the nullah, in case the animal might have gone in that direction, while

I decided to put my elephant into the nullah itself at the very place where the tiger had fallen into it, and there to search for him, and I fully expected to find him badly wounded, and to have some trouble with the infuriated beast. Kali was then taken

down the steep and thickly wooded bank into the rocky bed of the stream, which at that (the hot) season of the year was almost dry, and it was not very long before she gave the elephant's usual sign of having scented the tiger, by a peculiar quick, shuffling movement of her legs, which had the effect of causing us on her back to hold on as tightly as we could f o as not to be thrown off, and also by striking the ground several times with the end of her trunk, each blow accompanied by short, dull, hollow sounds.

Mr. Stripes, however, although wounded, had clearly not

been so much injured as to cripple or disable him to any very great extent, his footprints on the sandy portions of the dry bed of the stream showing that he had made his escape up the nullah in the very direction in which I had sent Gascoin. As the latter had

taken a direct line, while the nullah wound about considerably, I felt sure that the tiger would be easily headed off and brought up to a halt somewhere on his path. Kali was then made to move

rapidly up the course of the nullah, both because the tiger might perhaps have found cover somewhere along its banks, and also to render Gascoin any assistance he might be in need of, should he happen to suddenly encounter Mr. Stripes on his way. Lloyd, too, was

coming up on his elephant from the left,but his position at the commencement of the beat necessitated his taking a long round be328 IMPROVEMENT ERA,

fore he could well join us. My sister was pale with the excitement and danger of the situation, but, mastering her feelings, held

one of my doublebarreled rifles ready to hand to me as soon as I should require it. The other was in my hand. After some distance the nullah made a sudden wind to the left, and here I directed my "mahout,"or elephant driver, to take Kali up the bank

again, thinking that this would be about the place I should most probably find Gascoin, and my conclusion turned out to be correct;

for, upon Kali ascending the bank, Gascoin's elephant was seen to be standing some sixty yards off, higher up the stream, to the left, in some very heavy undergrowth, and Gascoin himself to be leveling his rifle in the direction of the nullah. A shot immediately

afterward rang out, followed by a terrific roar, and my sister and

I saw a magnificent charge made by the wounded and savage tiger, as, rushing out with tail outstretched, every hair bristling, ears laid back, and mouth wide open, he sprang at Gascoin's elephant, which at once showed the white feather by turning completely round and receiving the spring of the tiger on her hind quarters.

I had endeavored to check this rush by planting a bullet behind the tiger's shoulder, but the rifle I used was a light one, and the bullet small, so that the shock to the brute was not sufficiently great to stop him. My heavier rifle was in my sister's hands, and

I had reserved it for the emergency that I felt would soon compel its use. Gascoin's elephant tried her best to throw the tiger off

her by rapidly swinging herself round, in doing which she must either have crossed her fore legs, or she got one of her feet entangled in the surrounding thickets, resulting in her coming down with a crash onto her side. Gascoin, and his shikari

who was with him on the elephant, as also his mahout, were thrown off, the former, however, never letting go the hold of his rifle.

I at once called on them all to run behind my elephant for protection, and to get down into the bed of the stream, while I tackled the tiger with Kali; and this they did. Gascoin, however,

had had a nasty fall, and only just managed to get to the water when some of the beaters came up on the opposite bank and bathed his head and hands. It was very fortunate for him, and for

the two natives with him, that the infuriated tiger was so much taken up with the elephant as to fail altogether to notice them,

TIGER HUNTING IN INDIA. 329

they having been luckily thrown on the side of the elephant farthest away from him. I now desired to draw the tiger's attention to Kali, and in this way render assistance to the other elephant, which was having a bad time of it, having been mauled

and torn down the cheeks and face where the brute had at once attacked her as she fell. Kali was then pushed well forward till

the tiger suddenly caught sight of her, when, leaving Gascoin's elephant, the plucky animal, with another terrific roar, made a furious charge on his new foe. Kali scarcely moved, she merely

planted her feet more firmly down, and lifting her trunk high in the air, trumpeted out her challenge. Before the tiger could make his

spring onto Kali's head, I seized my heavier rifle, and planted a quick shot between Mr. Stripes'neck and shoulder, jast as he

crouched for the spring, which luckily bowled him clean over. Immediately afterward, he received his quietus from a bullet fired by

Lloyd, who had just then come up on his elephant, although somewhat late to participate to any extent in the most exciting part of the hunt. The elephants were then made to sit down, to enable us

to get off and examine Mr. Stripes, and I think he was one of the

largest and most powerfully made, as he was one of the pluckiest and gamiest tigers I had ever seen. "Chuppatties,"or large, round,

soft cakes of flour and water, about twelve inches in diameter, and half an inch or more in thickness, were then produced by the elephants'attendants, and, after having been smeared in the dead tiger's blood, were given to the three animals to eat, the native mahouts believing that by giving elephants such blood they become braver and stancher and more fit for tiger hunting.

Gascoin had by this time sufficiently recovered from the shock of his accident, and had joined us in order to have a look at the tiger also, exhibiting, however, some cuts about his face and hands which told of the severity of his fall. The two natives who were

thrown off the elephant at the same time got off altogether unscathed.

There was now nothing left for us but to return home. The

tiger was slung up on a stout pole, and carried by a number of beaters to the village, where our horses and vehicles, in charge of our native grooms, were awaiting us, and there the tiger skinned, and the skin stretched and dried under the supervision of my head 330 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

shikari and one of my "chupprassies"or orderlies, who had learned exactly how this should be done. As soon as the beaters had been

collected together, they were paid for their services, while the owner of the bullock which the tiger had killed, was fully compensated for his loss, after which we drove back to our station, happy in having participated in this exciting and successful tiger hunt.

In conclusion, I desire to add a few words of justification for tiger hunting, because there are people who are opposed to the taking of any animal life whatever, and who may therefore look upon the destruction of even the fierce and crafty tiger or panther as an act of wanton cruelty; but I believe that if they could

see, as I have often seen, the distress and misery, not to say the loss of life and property, which such animals bring upon the poor, defenseless natives of the forest villages of India, they would view the extermination of such pests as an act deserving commendation rather than condemnation. Tigers do a great deal of

damage to village cattle, and their depredations have in some localities caused once flourishing villages to be almost or altogether deserted. The agricultural communities in India are as a

rule very poor, and live a sort of handto-mouth existence. A "ryot/'

or cultivator, will not unfrequently possess but two plow bullocks, and the loss of even one of these is a very serious matter indeed for him and for his family. It means that either his land must be

fallow and uncultivated, and that would be starvation for him, or else he must go to the neighboring "sahukar,"or moneylender, who is always a veritable Shylock, and never fails to claim his pound of flesh. Taking advantage of the ryot's predicament, the sahukar

will obtain a bond from him at a high rate of interest, often for a sum in excess of that loaned to him, and demand at the same time as security the mortgage to him of all of his debtor's crops, until the debt is liquidated. When, therefore, a man once gets

into the meshes of the local Shylock, he is seldom free from them afterwards. Unfortunately, the natives of India are at no time a

very thrifty people, while in some respects they are very foolishly extravagant. For instance, they often get hopelessly involved in

pecuniary difficulties, because custom among them demands the expenditure of large sums of money upon the marriage ceremonies

TIGER HUNTING IN INDIA. 331

of their children, altogether out of proportion to their means, and equivalent, sometimes, to the income they could obtain in the pursuit of their ordinary avocations of life in from six to eight is anKipling says—thatand even ten months'time. But—as

other story. The government of India, being fully aware of the

depredations which such animals as tigers, panthers, bears, and wolves commit, and the consequent loss to life and property which is entailed thereby upon the residents of villages in and bordering upon the vast forest tracts in that country, has for years past offered certain fixed rewards for the destruction of such animals, as well as special and liberal rewards for the destruction of maneating tigers and panthers.

To see the joy evinced by villagers when one of these pests that have brought terror to their villages has been killed, is in itself sufficient compensation for the risk, trouble and expense incurred in its destruction. These maneating tigers have sometimes carried off from sixty to a hundred men, women and children,

in a season, and often blocked forest roads so completely that villagers have been almost starved out, being afraid to visit neighboring market towns, or other local marts, in order to procure supplies; and I have on occasions been asked by landed proprietors to

visit their localities, and by destroying the tiger, free the people from the terrible predicaments in which they happened to be.

The circumstances under which tigers, and sometimes panthers, become maneaters is, I think, still a disputed question, but

I have my explanations on the subject which appeal to me as being correct, and in which I am supported by some respectable authorities on Indian natural history. This, however, is not the

place in which to discuss the point. 1 have merely offered these

concluding remarks in order that by describing the great danger and injury that thousands of poor natives have to endure from the depredations of wild animals in India, I might be able to vindicate the position I assume, namely, that the destruction of such animals is a justifiable, and even commendable, act under the circumstances. On one occasion, I had the satisfaction of shooting a

huge tiger that had been the cause of terrible loss in a certain village, having in a singb season killed about sixty milch buffaloes while grazing in the forest pasture lands around it, all young and 832 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

valuable animals on which the wellbeing of several families depended; and when I think of the misery and loss entailed upon the

owners of these buffaloes, and recall the satisfaction exhibited by those who had suffered in consequence of the heavy toll that this tiger had been levying on them from week to week, I am satisfied that its destruction was necessary, and feel that in ridding the jungles of this tyrant, I was amply compensated for all the risk and expense that its death had entailed upon me.

YOUTH TO SPRINGTIME.

Tell me not of toil and trouble;

Sing me gambols of the gay.

Know that care is but a bubble

That must burst on lifetime's May.

Lead me out where fragrant roses

Lift their petals to the sky;

Where the wildflower sweet reposes,

And the brooklets murmur by.

Let them have, who wish to take it,

Melancholy's dismal plight;

Know that life is what we make it,

Fair as day or dark as night.

Hold my hand, loved Spring, and lead me

On thy paths devoid of strife;

As we wander, daily feed me With the sweets of youth and life! E. H. Anderson.

MISSION AND TEACHINGS OF JOSEPH SMITH.

BY MAJOR RICHARD W. YOUNG, SALT LAKE CITY.

[The following compilation of scriptural quotations, historical statements, and inspired utterances, was arranged by Major Richard W.

Young and recited by the members and teachers of the Twentieth Ward

Sunday School, in turn, December 28, 1902. It is an outline in quotations of the prophet's mission and teachings, valuable for study and reference. Editors.]

Condition of the World.

(1) The earth also is defiled under the inhabitants thereof; because they have transgressed the laws, changed the ordinance, broken

the everlasting covenant.—Isaiah 24: 5.

The Restoration of the Gospel.

(2) And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is

14: 7.come.—Revelation

(3) If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.—James

1: 5. (4) And he shall send Jesus Christ, which before was preached unto you, and whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things, which God has spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began.—Acts 3: 20, 21,

(5) Joseph, this is my beloved son! Hear him.—Vision of Joseph

Smith. (6) Who of all these parties are right? Are they all wrong together? If any of them is right, which is it, and how shall I know it?

Pearl of Great Price, p. 86.

334 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

(7) Join none of them, for they are all wrong. Their creeds are

an abomination in my sight; the professors of them are all corrupt.

They draw near to me with their lips, but their hearts are far from me;

they teach for doctrine the commandments of men; having a form

of Joseph of godliness, but they deny the power thereof.—Vision

Smith. (8) Where there is no vision, the people perish.—Prov. 29: 18.

(9) Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord.—Malachi 4: 5.

(10) Elijah the prophet * * * stood before us, and said, Behold, the time has fully come, which was spoken of by the mouth of Malachi, testifying that he (Elijah) should be sent before the great and dreadful day of the Lord come, to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the children to the fathers, lest the whole earth be smitten with a curse. Therefore the keys of this dispensation are committed into your

hands, and by this ye may know that the great and dreadful day of the

Lord is near, even at the doors.—Doc. and Gov. section 110: 1316.

(11) Upon you my fellow servants, in the name of Messiah, I confer the priesthood of Aaron, which holds the keys of the ministering of angels, and of the gospel of repentance, and of baptism by immersion for the remission of sins; and this shall never be taken again from the

earth, until the sons of Levi do offer again an offering unto the Lord in righteousness.—Doc. and Gov. section 13.

(12j By Peter, James, and John I have ordained you and confirmed you to be apostles, and especial witnesses of my name.—Doc. and Gov.

section 27: 11.

The Book of Mormon.

(13) Joseph is a fruitful bough, even a fruitful bough by a well;

whose branches run over the wall: ******

The blessings of thy father have prevailed above the blessings of my progenitors unto the utmost bound of the everlasting hills: they

shall be on the head of Joseph, and on the crown of the head of him that 26.was separate from his brethren.—Genesis 49: 22,

(14) Thus saith the Lord God: Behold, I will take the stick of

Joseph, which is in the hand of Ephraim, and the tribes of Israel his fellows, and will put them with him, even with the stick of Judah, and make them one stick, and they shall be one in mine hand.—Ezekiel 37:

(15) Truth shall spring out of the earth; and righteousness shall

look down from heaven.—Psalm 85: 11.

MISSION AND TEACHINGS OF JOSEPH SMITH. 335

(16) And thy speech shall be low out of the dust; and thy voice

shall be, as of one that hath a familiar spirit, out of the ground, and thy speech shall whisper out of the dust.—Isaiah 29: 4.

(17) And the vision of all is become unto you as the words of a book that is sealed, which men deliver to one that is learned, saying,

Read this, I pray thee: and he saith, I cannot; for it is sealed. And the

book is delivered to him that is not learned, saying. Read this, I pray

thee, and he saith, I am not learned.—Isaiah 29: 11, 12.

The Gospel Message.

(18) And I heard another voice from heaven, saying. Come out of

her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye re- 4.ceive not of her plagues.—Revelation 18:

(19) And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations: and then shall the end come.

Matt. 24: 14.

(20) And the voice of warning shall be unto all people, by the mouths of my disciples, whom I have chosen in these last days.—Doc.

and Gov. section 1:4.

(21) For, verily, the sound must go forth from this place into all the world, and unto the uttermost parts of the earth—the gospel must

be preached uito every creature, with signs following them that believe.

Gov. section 58: 64.—Doc. and

(22) And the poor and the meek shall have the gospel preached unto them, and they shall be looking forth for the time of my coming, for section 35: 15.it is nigh at hand.—Doc. and Gov.

The Signs Restored.

(23) Therefore, as I said unto mine apostles I say unto you again, that every soul who believeth on your words, and is baptized by water for the remission of sins shall receive the Holy Ghost; and these signs

shall follow them that believe; in my name they shall do many wonderful works; in my name they shall cast out devils; in my name they

shall heal the sick; in my name they shall open the eyes of the blind,

and unstop the ears of the deaf; and the tongue of the dumb shall

speak; and if any man shall administer poison unto them it shall not

hurt them; and the poison of a serpent shall not have power to harm

section 84: 6472.them.—Doc. and Gov.

In Kirtland Temple.

(24) The power of the Highest rested upon us, the house was filled 886 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

with the glory of God, and we shouted Hosanna to God and the Lamb.—

History of Joseph Smith.

The Fullness of the Gospel Revealed.

(25) And I have sent forth the fullness of my gospel by the hand of my servant Joseph; and in weakness have I blessed him.—Doc. and

Gov. section 35: 17,

(26) God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.—I Corinthians 12: 28.

(27) And no man taketh this honor unto himself, but he that is called of God, as was Aaron.—Hebrews 5: 4.

(28) God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty.—I Corinthians 1: 26.

(29) That which is without body, parts, and passions is nothing.

There is no other God in heaven but that God who has flesh and bones.

God himself was once as you are now, and is an exalted man, and sits enthroned in yonder heaven.—History of Joseph Smith, April 7, 1844.

(30) Men will be punished for their own sins, and not for Adam's transgression.—Articles of Faith.

(31) Wherefore, men are free to choose liberty and eternal life, through the great mediation of all men, or to choose captivity and death, according to the captivity of the devil,—II Nephi 2: 27.

(32) Through the atonement cf Christ, all mankind may be saved by obedience to the laws and ordinances of the gospel.—Articles of Faith.

14: 2. (33) In my Father's house are many mansions—John

There is one glory of the sun, and another glory of the moon, and another glory of the stars: for one star differeth from another star in

glory. So also is the resurrection of the dead.—I Corinthians 15: 41, 42.

(34) The first principles and ordinances of -the gospel are: faith,

repentance, baptism by immersion for the remission of sins, and laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost.—Articles of Faith.

(35) The Bible is the word of God, as far as it is translated correctly.—Articles of Faith.

(36) God will yet reveal many great and important things pertaining to the kingdom of God.—Articles of Faith.

(37) Else what shall they do which are baptized for the dead, if the dead rise not at all? Why are they then baptized for the dead?—I Corinthians 15: 29,

(38) And again, verily I say unto you, if a man marry a wife, and make a covenant with her for time and for all eternity, if that covenant is not by me, or by my word, which is my law, and is not sealed by the

MISSION AND TEACHINGS OF JOSEPH SMITH. 337

Holy Spirit of promise, through him whom I have anointed and apit is not valid, neither of force when theypointed unto this power—then

are out of the world, because they are not joined by me, saith the Lord, section 132: 18.neither by my word.—Doc. and Gov.

(39) And all the tithe of the land, whether of the seed of the land, or of the fruit of the tree, is the Lord's; it is holy unto the

Lord.—Leviticus 27: 30.

(40) Every man shall be made accountable unto me, a steward 32.over his own property.—Doc. and Gov. 42:

(41"! For if ye are not equal in earthly things, ye cannot be equal

6:in obtaining heavenly things.—Doc. and Gov. 78:

(42) Israel will be gathered; Zion will be built upon this continent, and Ghrist will reign personally upon the earth.—Articles of Faith.

(43) All men should have the privilege of worshiping how, where,

Smith.and what they may.—Joseph

(44) We believe in obeying, honoring, and sustaining the law.

Joseph Smith.

(45) The rich cannot be saved without charity, given to feed the

Smith.poor when and how God requires.—Joseph

(46) If we would secure and cultivate the love of others, we must love others, even our enemies as well as friends.—Joseph Smith.

(47) A religion that does not require the sacrifice of all things, never has power sufficient to produce the faith necessary unto life and salvation.—Joseph Smith.

(48) It is a false idea that the saints will escape all the judgments, whilst the wicked suffer; for all flesh is subject to suffer, and the

righteous will hardly escape, still many of the saints will escape, for the just shall live by faith; yet many of the righteous shall fall a prey

to disease, to pestilence, etc., by reason of the weakness of the flesh,

and yet be saved in the kingdom of God. So that it is an unhallowed

principle to say that such have transgressed because they have been preyed upon by disease or death, for all flesh is subject to death; and the

Savior said, "Judge not, lest ye be judged."—Joseph Smith.

(49) Spirit is a substance; it is material, but it is more pure,

elastic, and refined matter than the body; it existed before the body,

can exist in the body, and will exist separate from the body, when the body will be mouldering in the dust; and will, in the resurrection, be

again united with it. We cannot see it; but when our bodies are puriSmith. fied, we shall see it is all matter.—Joseph

(50) All sins, and all blasphemies, and every transgression, except one, that man can be guilty of, may be forgiven; and there is a sal838 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

vation for all men, either in this world or the world to come, who have not committed the unpardonable sin, there being a provision either in this world or the world of spirits.—Joseph Smith.

(51) All who have died without a knowledge of this gospel, who would have received it if they had been permitted to tarry, shall ba heirs of the celestial kingdom of God; also all that shall die henceforth

without a knowledge of it, who would have received it with all their hearts, shall be heirs of that kingdom, for I, the Lord, will judge all men according to their works, according to the desire of their hearts,

Joseph Smith.

(52) If the soul of man had a beginning, it will surely have an end.—Joseph Smith,

(53) And I also beheld all children who die before they arrive at years of accountability, are saved in the celestial kingdom of heaven,

Joseph Smith.

(54) A man is saved no faster than he gets knowledge, for if he does not get knowledge, he will be brought into captivity by some evil power in the other world, as evil spirits will have more knowledge, and consequently more power than many men who are on the earth.—Joseph

Smith. (55) It is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance,—Joseph

Smith,

The Land of Promise.

(56) This is the land of promise, and the place for the city of

Zion. * * * Behold, the place which is now called Independence, is

the center place, and the spot for the temple is lying westward.—Doc.

and Gov. section 57: 2, 3.

(57) Nevertheless, if they pollute their inheritances, they shall be thrown down, for I will not spare them if they pollute their inheritances.—Doc. and Gov. 103: 8-14.

Liberty Jail.

(58) I have seen ministers of justice, clothed in ministerial robes, and criminals arraigned before them, while life was suspended upon a breath, in the courts of England; I have witnessed a congress in solemn

session to give laws to nations; I have tried to conceive of kings, of

royal courts, of thrones and crowns, and of emperors assembled to decide the fate of kingdoms; but dignity and majesty hare I seen but once.

MISSION AND TEACHINGS OF JOSEPH SMITH. 339

as it stood in chains, at midnight, in a dungeon, in an obscure village of Missouri.—Life of Parley P. Pratt, p. 270.

The Sojourn in the Rocky Mountains Foretold.

(59) August 6, 1842. I prophesied that thesaints would continue to suffer much affliction, and would be driven to the Rocky Moun"

tains; many would apostatize, others would be put to death by our persecutors, or lose their lives in consequence of exposure or disease; and

some would live to go and assist in making settlements, and building cities, and see the saints become a mighty people in the midst of the

Smith.Rocky Mountains.—Joseph

Persecution and Martyrdom.

(60) Your name shall be had for good or evil among all nations, kindreds, and tongues.

(61) Blessed are ye when men shall hate you, and when they shall separate you from their company, and shall reproach you, and cast out your name as evil, for the Son of Man's sake.

Rejoice ye in that day, and leap for joy: for, behold, your reward

shall be great in heaven; for in the like manner did their fathers unto

the prophets.—Luke 6: 22, 23.

(62) There are many that lie in wait to destroy thee from off.the

face of the earth.—Doc. and Gov. 5: 33.

(63) I am going like a lamb to the slaughter, but I am calm as a summer's morning. I have a conscience void of offense toward God and

toward all men. I shall die innocent, and it will yet be said of me, "He

was murdered in cold blood."—Joseph Smith.

(64) Where a testament is, there must also of necessity be the death of the testator.—Hebrews 9: 16.

(65) Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his 13. friends.—John 15:

Josiah Quincy's Prophetic Question.

(66) It is by no means improbable that some future textbooks, for the use of generations yet unborn, will contain a question something like this: What historical American of the nineteenth century has exerted the most powerful influence on the destinies of his countrymen?

and it is by no means impossible that the answer to that interrogatory may be thus written: Joseph Smith, the "Mormon"prophet. Figures of

the Past, p. 376.

Subsequent Career of the Church.

(67) But in the last days, it shall come to pass, that the house o f 340 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the Lord shall be established in the top of the mountains, ami it shall be exalted above the hills; and people shall flow unto it. And many

nations shall come, and 'say, Come, and let us go up to the mountain of the Lord, and to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us

of his ways, and we will walk in his paths: for the law shall go forth

of Zion, and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem.—Micah 4; 1, 2.

MY OWN.

I love him, for he's always kind;

I love him for his noble mind.

His voice ne'er gives a tone of fret,

Discouraged wail, nor e'en regret.

Each day he makes the best of life,

Seeks happiness, but never strife.

'A happy heart, the dower given

To him I love—a gift from heaven.

Methinks the cloud with silver lining

Through his dear heart is ever shining;

For he finds joy the livelong day;

'God knows it is a tappy way.

What wonder then that I, his wife,

For his love breathe thanks each day of life?

No matter that the dark days come,

He finds a hope and brings it home

Instead of sorrow evermore, To one who waits witin the door

For the loving clasp of that strong arm

That ever shields her safe from harm.

His smile is sunshine, love and gold,

Such love as never does grow old.

His thorough worth none e'er denies.

God bless my love! I won the prize. Selected.

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY.

A REJOINDER TO REV. C. VAN DER DONCKT'S "REPLY"

TO ELDER ROBERTS'DISCOURSE ON THE

ABOVE SUBJECT.

BY B. H. ROBERTS.

(continued). IV—OF THE UNITY OP GOD

Of the Father Alone, Being God.

Referring to the admission in my discourse that conceptions of God, to be true, must be in harmony with the New Testament,

Mr. Van Der Donckt proceeds to quote passages from the New

Testament in support of the idea that there is but one God:

One is good, God (Matt. 19: 17). Thou shalt love the Lord thy

God (Luke 10: 27). My Father of whom you say that he is your

God (John 8: 54). Here Christ testified that the Jews believed in

only one God.

The Lord is a God of all knowledge (I Kings 2). ("Mormon"

Catechism V. Q. 10 and Q. 11).

Of that day and hour no one knoweth, no not the angels of heaven, but the Father alone (Matthew 24: 36).

No one knoweth who the Son is but the Father (Luke 10: 22).

Therefore, no one is God but one, the Heavenly Father.

In another form: the Allknowing alone is God. The Father alone

is allknowing. Therefore, the Father alone is God.

In the conclusion of the syllogism, "Therefore, ie Father alone is God"Mr. V. himself seems to become suddenly conscious of

having stumbled upon a difficulty which he ineffectually seeks to remove in a foot note. If it be true, as Mr. V. asserts it is, that

342 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"The Father alone is God"then it must follow that the Son of God,

Jesus Christ, is not God; that the Holy Ghost is not God! Yet the

New Testament, in representing the Father as addressing Jesus, says—'Thy throne, God, is forever and forever"(Heb. 1:8).

Here is the positive word of the Father that Jesus, the Son, is

God; for he addresses him as such. To say, then, that "The Father

alone is God"is to contradict the Father. Slightly paraphrasing

the rather stern language of Mr. V., I might ask: If God the

Father so emphatically declares that Jesus is God, has any one the right to contradict him by affirming that the Father alone is God?

But Mr. V. insists that the Bible contradicts the Bible; in other

words, that God, the author of the Bible, contradicts himself: "To

say such a thing,"says Mr. V., "is downright blasphemy!"But

Mr. V. will say he has explained all that in his foot note. Has he?

Let us see. "Therefore the Father alone is God,"is the conclusion of his syllogism; and the foot note—"To the exclusion of

another or separate divine being, but not to the denial of the distinct divine personalities of the Son and the Holy Ghost in the One

Divine Being."But that is the mere assumption of my Catholic

friend. When he says that "The Father alone is God,"it must be

to the exclusion of every other being, or part of being, or person, and everything else, or language means nothing. Mr. V.'s foot

note helps him out of his difficulty not at all.

The creed to which Mr. Van Der Donckt subscribes—the

is God, the Son is God, and theAthenasian—says: "So the Father

Holy Ghost is God."Now, if the quality of "allknowing"is essential to the attributes of true Deity, then Jesus and the Holy Ghost

must be allknowing, or else not true deity.

But what of the difficulty presentsd by Mr. V.'s contention:

"The Allknowing alone is God, the Father alone is Allknowing, therefore, the Father alone is God?"Mr. V. constructs this

mighty syllogism upon a very precarious basis. It reminds one of

a pyramid standing upon its apex. He starts with the premise

that "The Lord is a God of all knowledge:"then he discovers that

there is one thing that Jesus, the Son of God, does not know—theday and hour when Jesus will come to earth in glory—"Of that

day and hour no one knoweth; no, not the angels of heaven, but

the Father alone (Matt. 24: 36)—therefore, the Father alone is

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 343

God!"In the consideration of facts such as are included in Mr.

V.'s middle term, one is bound, in the nature of things, to take into

account time, place, and circumstances. In the case in question,

the Twelve disciples had come to Jesus, and among other questions asked him what should be the sign of his own glorious coming to earth again. The Master told them the signs, but said of the day

and hour of that coming no one knew, but his Father only. Hence,

Jesus did not know, hence did not possess all knowledge, hence, was not God! And hence, the mighty conclusion of our Catholic

friend that "The Father alone is God."But Jesus was referring to

the state of matters at the particular time when he was speaking;

and it does not follow that the Father would exclude his Son Jesus forever, or for any considerable time, from the knowledge of the time of the glorious advent of the Son of God to the earth. As

Jesus rose to the possession of all power "in heaven and in earth"(Matt. 28: 18), so also, doubtless, he rose to the possession of all

knowledge in heaven and in earth; "For the Father loveth the Son,

and showeth him all things that he himself doeth"(John 5: 20);

and, in sharing with the Son his power, and his purposes, would doubtless make known to him the day and hour of the glorious.advent of Christ to the earth.

Of the Oneness oj the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. Is it

Physical Identity?

I next consider Mr. Van Der Donckt's argument concerning

the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost being "the same identical

Divine Essence."Mr. V. bases this part of his argument on the

words of Messiah—"I and my Father are one (John 10: 30); and

claims that here "Christ asserts his physical, not merely moral, unity with the Father. He holds also that in the Latin translation

of the words of Jesus is better exhibited the construction he contends for: hence, I give the Latin and his remarks upon it, that we

may have his contention before us at its very best.

Ego et Pater unum sumus. "If Christ had meant one in mind or one

morally and not substantially, he would have used the masculine gender,

Greek eis, {unus)—and not the neuter en, (unum)—as he did. No betiter interpreters of our Lord's meaning can be found than his own hearers.

344 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Had he simply declared his moral union with the Father, the Jews would not have taken up stones in protest against his making himself

God, and asserting his identity with the Father. Far from retracting His statement or correcting the Jews'impression, Jesus

insists that, as he is the son of God, he has far more right to declare himself God than the scripture had to call mere human judges gods, and he corroborates his affirmation of his physical unity with his

Father by saying: "The Father is in me, and I am in the Father,"

which evidently signifies the same as verse 30: I and the Father are one

and the same individual being, and the One God.

Relative to Messiah's hearers being the best interpreters of our Lord's meaning in this case, I suggest that Mr. V. has limited

himself too exclusively to this one passage for their interpretation of Messiah's meaning. Mr. V.'s argument is that if Jesus had onlydeclared his moral not his physical union with God, the Jews would

not have taken up stones in protest against his making himself

God, and asserting; his identity with the Father. Let us see. The

passage quoted by Mr. V. is not the only one in which Jesus asserts

his divinity. Jesus healed a man on the Sabbath. The Jews sought

to slay him because he had done this thing on the Sabbath. "But,

Jesus answered them, "My Father worketh hitherto, and I work."

Therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him, because he not only had broken the Sabbath day, but said also that God was his

Father, making himself equal with God"(John 5:1518). Observe

that this is the same witness that Mr. V. quotes—St. John; and the

offense for which they seek to kill Jesus is not because he asserts his identity with the Father, but because he makes himself equal with God. Hence, the argument of Mr. V. based on the assumption

that Jesus asserted not his moral but his physical union or identity with God; and his claim that the Jews would not have sought

Messiah's life but for the reason that he claimed physical identity with the Father, falls to the ground, but the reason that we find that the Jews were eager to kill him for asserting not his physical union with God, but his equality with God.

sumus'

his view—"I Relativeand myto Messiah'sFather arestatement:one."'—Mr."Ego V.et Paterthinksunum

of this passage—that it asserts the identity or physical

union of the Father and the Son—is strengthened by the

THE ''MORMON "DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 345

fact that it is followed with these remarks of Jesus: "The Father

is in me, and I am in the Father.""Which evidently signifies,"

says Mr. V., "the same as verse 30 (John 10): I and the Father are

one and the same individual being, the one God."

It is amusing sometimes to observe how the learned disagree in the languages calledabout the meaning of words—especially

dead. It must be admitted in favor of Mr. V.'s contention that

the Fathers of the Council of Sardica, A. D. 347, expressly scouted

the opinion that the union of the Father and Son consisted in consent and concord only, and apprehended the oneness of the Father and the Son to be a strict unity of substance;* still, before that

time, a number of the socalled Christian Fathers, some among the most influential, too, held to a contrary opinion, as the following from Dr. Priestley's History oj the Corruptions of Christianity,

with the accompanying references to the works of the Christian

Fathers themselves, will show:

Notwithstanding the supposed derivation of the Son from the

Father, and therefore their being of the same substance, mosb of the early Christian writers thought the text, "I and my Father are one,"was to be understood of an unity or harmony of disposition only. Thus Tertullian* observes, that the expression is unum, one thing, not one person;

and he explains it to mean unity, likeness, conjunction, and of the love that the Father bore to the Son. Origen says, let him consider the text,

"All that believe were of one [unum] heart and of one [unum] soul,"and then he will understand this, '"I and my Father are one"-\ [unum]. Novatian says: "One thing (unum) being in the neuter gender, signifies an

agreement of society, not an unity of person, and he explains it by this passage in Paul: "He that planteth and he that watereth are both

one."[unum]$.

But I shall test Mr. V.'s exegesis of the passage in question

by the examination of another passage involving the same ideas, the same expressions; and this in the Latin as well as in the English. Jesus prayed for his disciples as follows:

*Theodoret, Book II, Chap. 8.

*Against Prexas, Chap, 22, p. 513.

tAgainst Celsum, Lib. 8, p. 386.

tibid, Chap. 27, p. 99.

346 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hastgiven me, that they may be one, as we are. ***** Neither pray

I for these [the disciples] alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word; that they all may be one: * * * that they

may be one, even as we are one*

In Latin, the clauses written in Italics in the above, stand:

Ut sint unum, sicut et nos (verse 11), "that they may be one, just as we."So in verse 22: Ut sint unum, sicut et nos unum sumus;

"that they may be one in us, even as we one are."Here unum,

"one,"is used in the same manner as it is in St. John, 10: 30

"Ego et Pater unum sumus.""I and Father one are."Mr. V.

says that unum in the last sentence means, one thing, one essence;

hence, Christ's physical union, or identity of substance, with the

Father; not agreement of mind, or concord of purpose, or moral

union. Very well, for the moment let us adopt his exposition,

and see where it will lead us. If unum in the sentence. Ego et

Pater unum sumus, means "one thing,""one substance, or essence,''and denotes the physical union of the Father and Son in one substance, then it means the same in the sentence ut sint unum, sicut et nos; that is, "that they [the disciples] may be one [unum]

just as we are."So in the other passage before quoted where the

same words occur.

Moreover, this view of the passages from the prayer of Jesus is emphasized by well nigh the same words in the context as those which occur in John 10: 30, and upon which Mr. V. lays so

much stress as sustaining his exposition of the physical union, viz: "The Father is in me, and I in him"(verse 38).

"Which evidently signifies,"Mr. V. remarks, "the same as

verse 30: I and my Father are one."Good; then listen:

"Holy Father, keep * * * * whom thou hast given me, that they may be one as we are: * * * * as thou

Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they may be one in us"There an be no doubt now but what the union between the disciples and the Fathar and Son is to be of the same nature as that subsisting between the Father and Son. If the Father and Son are physically

one substance or essence, so, too, if the prayer of Jesus is to be

*St. John xvii: 11, 20, 21, 22.

THE ''MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 347

it will the disciples are to be physirealized—as surely be—then

just thecally united with God, in one essence or substance—not

Twelve disciples, either, for whom Jesus immediately prayed, but those, also, in all generations who shall believe on Christ through the words of his first disciples; that is, all the faithful believers

through all generations are to become physically united with God, become the same substance or essence as God himself! Is Mr. Van

Der Donckt prepared to accept the inevitable conclusion of his own exposition of John 10: 30? If so, then what advantage has the

Christian over the Hindoo whom he has called a heathen for so many generations? The sincerest desire of the Hindoo is to be

"physically united with God,"even if that involve "a blowing out,"to encompass it. Ofor the attainment of Nirvana—annihilation—

course, we had all hoped for better things from the Christian

Religion. We had hoped for the immortality of the individual

man; for his persistence through the ages, as an individual entity,

associated with God in loving converse and dearest relations of moral union, but not absorbed, or lost in absolute physical union with him. But if Mr. V.'s exposition of John 10: 30 be correct,

and a physical union is meant by the words—"I and my Father are

one,"then all Christians are to be made physically one with God under the prayer of Christ—"That they may be one, as we are"—

i. e. as the Father and Son are one.

If this doctrine of physical union should be defended up to the point of asserting that physical union of all Christians with each comparison of this position with thatother and with God—and my

of the heathen Hindoo resented, because that in the case of the

Christian after his physical union with, or absorbtion into God, God would still remain, whereas,with the Hindoo nothing would remain, still ask, what is thefor his Nirvana is but annihilation—I could

difference? for the terms that describe the Nirvana of the Hindoo

describe also the God of the Christian. "Nirvana is represented

as something which has no antecedent cause, no qualities, no locality. It is something of which the utmost we may assert is, "'that it

is'"(Max Muller, Chips from a German Workshop, Vol. I, p. 285).

In all of which we may see Mr. V.'s ''That which is;""I Am who

Am;""Infinite Being;""Most simple, or not compound"—whose

"essence is actual being or existence."

348 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

But Mr. Van Der Donckt would cry out against the physical union of man with God. Both his interpretation of scripture and his philosophy—especially the latter—would require it.

Man and God, in his philosophy, are not of the same nature. Man

is finite, God infinite. "Nothing can be added to the infinite,"

therefore, man cannot be added to the infinite in physical union.

"The nature of the parts would cling to the whole,"and the infinity of God would be marred by the physical union of finite parts to him; hence, the oneness of Christians with Christ and God the

Father is not a physical oneness. But if the union of the Christians with Christ and God is not to be physical, then neither is the

union of Christ and God the Father physical, for the oneness in the one case, is to be the same as the oneness in the other—"that they

all may be one; as thou Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they

may also be one jn us * * * * * that they may be one even, as we are one (John 17: 21, 22).

The doctrine of physical union between the Father and the

Son, contended for by Mr. V., must be abandoned. There is no

help for it, unless he is prepared to admit also the physical union of all the disciples with to Mr. -V.'s God—a thing most repugnant

principles. With the doctrine of physical identity gone, the "oneness"of the Father and the Son, that Mr. V. contends for, goes

also, and two separate and distinct personalities, or Gods, are seen, in the Father and the Son, whose oneness consists not of physical identity, but of agreement of mind, concord of will, and of purpose; a oneness born of perfect knowledge, equality of power and dominion. But if a perfect oneness, as above set forth, may subsist between two persons, it may

subsist with equal consistency among any number of persons capable of attaining to the same degree of intelligence and power; and

thus there would appear some reason for the prayer of Christ, that all his his disciples, disciples—as well those who would become

through the words of the apostles then living, as those for whom he immediately prayed—might be one, even as he and the Father

are one. And thus one may account for the saying of David:

"God standeth in the congregation of the mighty: he judgeth

among the Gods"(Psalm 82: 1); for such congregations existed

in heaven before the foundations of the earth were laid; and such

THE ''MORMON''DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 349

a congregation may yet be made up of the redeemed from our own earth, when attaining to perfect union with God and Christ.

Of the Lord Our God Being One God.

But I shall be asked how all this is to be reconciled with the flcriptures quoted by Mr. V., and relied upon as the basis of his argument in this part of the discussion—"Hear, Israel: The Lord

our God is one Lord"(Deut. 6:4,); and "I alone am, and there is

no other God beside me"(Deut. 32: 39); and also, coming to the

New Testament, "There is none good but one, that is God"(Matt. 19: 17).

The whole apparent difficulty is explained by Paul, who, I think, will be accepted as a remarkably good theologian. He says:

*For though there be that are called Gods, whether in heaven or in earth (as there he Gods many and Lords many), hut to us there is hut one God, the Father"(I Cor. 8: 5, 6). That is, "pertaining to us,"

as Joseph Smith explains, "there is hut one God."Ah, but Mr. V.

has explained all that, and destroyed all the force of "Mormon"argument, based upon this Corinthian letter passage, by saying that "a man must not be a lawyer to know that the fact that not a few quacks and clowns are called doctors does not make them such;"

and then follows this—"Neither Christ nor Paul say that they are

or were Gods, but simply that they were called Gods!"

'eviOne wonders at this, when he takes into account the dent carefulness of Mr. V. as a writer. Jesus, whom he quotes

as saying, the beings referred to as Gods are but called Gods, not that they are so, really fails to give due weight to the Psalm which Jesus quotes: "/ have said ye are Gods, and all of you

are children of the Most High."(Psalm 82: 6.) Of this scripture,

Jesus says: "Is it not written in your law, 1 said, ye are Gods;"

and he quotes with evident approval these inspired words of David, for he adds "the scripture cannot be broken"(John 10: 33); that is,

this scripture of David saying, "ye are Gods,"is true, it cannot be gainsaid. Nor is this indorsement of David's utterance weakened

by the subsequent remark of Jesus, "If he called them Gods unto whom the word of God came,"etc.; for, when considered in the

light of all the Psalmist said, and all that Jesus said, the "called 350 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

them Gods"by no manner of means signifies that they were not

Gods. David said, "ye are Gods, and all of you are children oj the

Most High."(Psalm 82: 6.). The Jews accused Jesus of bljs-

phemy, because he had said he was the son of God (John 10: 36); in

defense, Jesus quoted the passage from the Psalms where it is said of men, "ye are Gods; and all of you are children of the Most

showing that he was but claiming for himself the relaHigh"—as

tionship that in the law of the Jews was accorded to men—sons

of God, children of the Most High, and hence, he was not a blasphemer. In other words, if the Psalmist could say to those he

addressed, "all of you are children of the Most High,"why should he, the Christ, be considered a blasphemer because he called himself the Son of God?

Surely, also, the gentleman has overlooked Paul's very emphatic declaration in the parenthetical part of the sentence he quotes:

viz, "There be Gods many and Lords many; yet to us there is but

one God."Now, consider with this explanation of Paul's, the following:

"Hear, Israel: the Lord our God is one Lord."Moses.

"The head of the Gods appointed one God for us."Joseph

Smith.'* "He [Aaron] shall be to thee instead of a mouth, and thou shalt be to him instead of God."The Lord to Moses (Exodus 4:

"See, I have made thee a God unto Pharaoh."The Lord unto

Moses (Exodus 7: 1).

"I believe those Gods that God reveals as Gods, to be sons of

God, and all can cry 'Abba, Father.'"Joseph Smith.*

It is evident from the above passages (Exodus 4: 16, and Exodus?: 1) that God does appoint men to be Gods, even in this

world. Why then should it be considered error to believe that from

"the congregation of the Mighty,"where "God judgeth among the Gods"(Psalm 82: 1), there should be appointed One who should be

our God? And is it strange that from henceforth, the true servants

* From discourse delivered 10th June, 1844. Mill, Star, vol. xxiv,

p. 108 et seq.

* Sixteenth of June sermon, 1844. Mill. Star, vol. xxiv, p. 140.

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 351

of God should stand up for the dignity and honor and exclusiveness of the power and authority of that One God over this earth, against the claims, and to the exclusion of all gods and powers, that men in their vain imaginings set up against this God of heaven and earth, as did Moses, Paul and Joseph Smith? No wonder that Moses sent ringing down through the centuries that clarion

sentence: "Hear, Israel, Our God is one Lord;"that the Hebrew

race stood as the witness of that one God, and fashioned their nomenclature accordingly; or that Paul said, "Though there be that

there be Godsare called Gods, whether in heaven or in earth—as

to us there is but one God;"or thatmany, and Lords many—but

Joseph Smith, in the Dispensation of the Fullness of Times, should take up the same refrain as these ancient servants of God, and say, "Pertaining to us, there is but one God;""Those Gods whom

God reveals as Gods, are sons of God, and all can cry Abba, Father!"

Of Our Revelations Concerning God Being Local.

I suggest, as a further evidence, that the view here presented concerning our God, and the assertion of his oneness, that the revelations in the Bible are revelations, in the main, concerning our earth and the heavens pertaining to it; that these revelations

do not attempt to deal with or furnish an explanation of conditions that obtain throughout the universe; that they do not attempt to

give us any explicit information concerning conditions in the constellations of the Pleiades, Orion, Cassiopeia, or Ursa Major, to say nothing of those galaxies of worlds which lie beyond the vision of men, even when aided by the mightiest telescope, and hence are only known to us as stargroups, because revealed to us through the spectroscope. In other words, the revelations of the

Bible are, in the main, local; it is only here and there that a

glimpse of things is given outside of our heaven and our earth.

That being the case, the revelation of God to the Hebrew race was hence—"Hear,made in a nomenclatureIsrael: accordantowr God iswithone theLord."facts Thisto be ideaexpressed,is emphasized in the Book of Moses, found in the Pearl of Great Price.

The Lord revealed to Joseph Smith some of the writings of Moses 352 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

in which the Hebrew prophet makes known the source of his knowledge concerning the creations of God, but it was concerning our earth and its heavens of which Moses was commanded to write:

Worlds without number have I created * * y only an account of this earth, and the inhabitants thereof, give I unto you. For behold, there are many worlds that have passed away by the

word of my power. And there are many that now stand, and innumerable are they unto man; but all things are numbered unto me, for they

are mine, and I know them. And it came to pass that Moses spake unto

the Lord, saying: Be merciful unto thy servant, God, and tell me concerning this earth, and the inhabitants thereof, and also the heavens,

and then thy servant will be content. And the Lord spake unto Moses,

saying: The heavens, they are many, and cannot be numbered unto man;

but they are numbered unto me, for they are mine. * * *

And now, Moses, my son, I will speak unto thee concerning this earth upon which thou standest; and thou shalt write the things which I

shall speak.

And again the Lord said to Moses:

And it came to pass that the Lord spake unto Moses, saying:

Behold, I will reveal unto you concerning this heaven, and this earth;

write the words which I speak.

So far as the Hebrews were concerned, however, they permitted the truth of the one God committed to them to degenerate into mere superstition. Through race pride, and vain glory in their

guardianship of the name of the one God, they hedged it about with such secrecy and superstition that, under the pretext of not using the name of God in vain, they prohibited its pronunciation except to the High Priest (and he was to pronouce it but once a year, and that on the day of Atonement, when he entered the Holy of

Holies); and finally they lost the true pronunciation of the name

entirely. The historian of the Jews, Josephus, when writing the

antiquities of his people for the information of the Gentiles, stated that it was not lawful for him, though a priest, to utter it.* It is a

* Smith's "Dictionary of the Bible"(Hackett Edition), vol 2, art.Jehovah. Also Antiquities of the Jews (Josephus), book 2, chap. 12.

THE ''MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 853

singular fact, but abundantly demonstrated in the history alike of individuals and nations, that when the Adversary of men's souls fails in keeping the truth from mankind, he seeks to destroy the'effect of that truth by converting it into a mere human superstition. The late Erastus Snow, an Elder in the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, used to present this truth by a very effective figure. Addressing himself to a congregation that had

been carried into some excesses of superstitious observances, he said: "We will suppose that drawn immediately in front of you is

the line of your exact duty. Satan will make every effort to hold

you back from that line. When he discovers that it is impossible

to hold you back, his next effort will be to push you as far beyond it as possible; and, being forced beyond the line of duty into superstitious observances, is liable to get you into as much difficulty

as being held back from toeing it squarely."

Such was the case with the Jews, with reference to their being made witnesses of the one God idea for our earth. When

Lucifer could no longer blind their eyes by the false polytheism of the pagan world, he rushed them over the line of the truth to superstitions that have gatheredthe other extreme—into the

about monotheism, until finally, through such teachers as Aristobulus (150 B. C.) aad Philo (contemporary with Messiah), they

were brought to accept many of the vagaries of the Grecian pagan philosophy, which, afterwards, as we have seen, were engrafted into the Christian theology.

Of God Being One in the Generic Sense.

There is also another sense in which the '"Oneness"of God may be apprehended; and yet be in harmony with the doctrines

contended for in this "Rejoinder,"and the discourse it defends. I

have already stated the doctrines of the Church of Christ respecting the immortality of the ego, the intelligence of man; saying

that it is selfexistent, uncreated, and as eternal as God is; indeed,

it is the divine in man, it is part of the Etemal; and now the time

has come to say something further in reference to this matter. I

find a word on the subject fitly spoken by the late Orson Pratt, in a discourse delivered in 1855, in Salt Lake City. He said:

There is one revelation that this people are not generally acquaint354 IMPROVEMENJ ERA.

ed with. I think it has never been published, but probably it will be

in the Church History. It is given in questions and answers. The first

question is, "What is the name of God in the pure language?"The answer says, "Ahman.""What is the name of the Son of God?"Answer,

"Son Ahman, the greatest of all the parts of God, excepting Ahman."

"What is the name of men?""Sons Ahman,"is the answer. "What

is the name of angels in the pure language?""Angloman."The revelation goes on to say that Sons Ahman are the greatest of all the parts of

God excepting Son Ahman, and Ahman, and that Angloman are the greatest of all the parts of God excepting Sons Ahman, Son Ahman and Ahman, showing that the angels are a little lower than man.* What is the conclusion to be drawn from this? It is that these intelligent beings are

all parts of God.f

This, it will be said, is a bold doctrine; and indeed it is bold.

I love it for its boldness, but not so much for that, as for the rea-

* It may be thought, at the first reading of this statement, "the angels a little lower than man,"is in conflict with the scripture, "Thou madest him [man] a little lower than the angels."(Heb. 2: 7). But I

call attention to the marginal rendering of the passage in King James'translation, "Thou madest him a little while inferior to the angels."

Without stopping here to consider which is the better translation of the passage, it may be said of the latter that it is in better harmony with the context of the passage as it stands here, in Hebrews, and also in

Psalms, than the preferred rendering of it in the regular text; for in

both places it says of man, "Thou crownedest him with glory and honor, and didst set him over the works of thy hands: thou hast put all things

in subjection under his feet. For in that he put all things in

subjection under him, he left nothing that is not put under him. But

now we see not yet all things put under him."Moreover, we see the

same thing is said of Jesus that is said of man: "We see Jesus who was

made a little lower than the angels, for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honor."(Heb. 2: 9.). Surely "made a little lower

than the angels,"when said of Jesus could be but for "a little while inferior to,"etc.; and that only in the matter of "the suffering of death."

So, too. with man; he was made "a little while inferior to the angels,"

after which period he would rise to the dignity of his place, when it would be seen, as said in the text with which this note deals, "the angels are a little lower than man."

t Journal of Discourses, Vol. II, p. 342.

THE "MORMON''DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 355

son that it is true. It is in harmony with the revelation given

through Joseph Smith, wherein it is said:

Man was also [as well as Jesus] in the beginning with God. Intelligence, or the light of truth, was not created or made, neither indeed

can be. * * * * For man is spirit. The elements are

eternal, and spirit and element, inseparably connected, receive a fullness of joy; and when separated, man cannot receive a fullness of joy.

The elements are the tabernacle of God; yea, man is the tabernacle of

God, even temples. (Doc. and Gov. Sec. 93: 2935).

Nor is the doctrine less in harmony with the Jewish scriptures:

For it became him, for whom are all things, and by whom are all things, in bringing many sons unto glory, to make the captain of their salvation perfect through suffering. For both he that sandijieth and

they who are sanctified are all of one:for which cause he is not ashamed to call

them brethren.

In this same chapter of Hebrews, Jesus, as well as man, is spoken of as being made "a little while inferior to the angels"(verses 7 and 9 marginal reading); and he is spoken of by the

same apostle in another place as being but "the first born among many brethren"(Rom. 8: 29). Also, in his great discourse in Mars

Hill, Paul not only declares that God "hath made of one blood all also quoted with approval the Greek poetnations of men,"—but he

Aratus,* where the latter says: "For we are also his [God's] offspring;"and to this the apostle adds: "For as much, then, as we are

the offspring of God [hence of the same race and nature], we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man's 17: 2630). The nature device"—(Acts

of our own being, one might add, in continuation of the apostle's reasoning, should teach those who recognize men as the offspring of

God, better than to think of the Godhead as of gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art after man's device, since the nature of the offspring partakes of the nature of the parent; and our own na-

* He was a poet of Cilicia, of which Tarsus, Paul's native city, was the capital. He wrote about three hundred years before Paul's time.

356 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ture teaches us that men are not as stocks and stones, though the latter be graven by art after the devices of men.

Paul might also have quoted the great Hebrew poet: "God

standeth in the congregation of the mighty; he judgeth among

the Gods. * * * * / jg g-j /e are Gods; and

all of you are children oj the Most High"(Ps. 82: 1, 6, 7); and

though he adds, "But ye shall die like men, and fall like one of the princes,"it does not detract from the assertion, "and all of you are children of the Most High;"for Jesus died, even as men

die, but he was the Son of God, nevertheless, and he himself a

Deity.

The matter is clear, then, men and Gods are of the same race;

Jesus is the Son of God, and so, too, are all men the offspring of

God, and Jesus but the first born of many brethren. Eternal Intelligences are begotten of God, spirits, and hence are sons of

God, a dignity that never leaves them. "Beloved,"said one of

old, "now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be; but we know that when he [Christ] shall appear, we

shall be like him; for we shall see him as he is (I John 3: 2).

Here in the way of anticipating an objection, I shall pause to remark, parenthetically, that I am not unmindful of the array of evidence that may be massed to prove that it is chiefly through adoption, by obedience to the Gospel of Christ, that man in the scriptures is spoken of as being a son of God. But this does not

weaken the evidence for the fact for which I am contending, viz.:

that man is by nature the son of God. He becomes alienated from

his Father and the Father's kingdom through sin, through the transgression of the law of God; hence, the need of adoption into the

heavenly kingdom, and into sonship with God. But, though alienated

from God through sin, man is nevertheless by nature the son of God, and needs but the adoption that awaits him through the gospel of Jesus Christ to cry again in renewed and full fellowship, Abba,

Father!

Return we now from this brief digression. Man being by the

very nature of him a son of God, and a participant in the Divine is, when God is conceivedNature, he is properly part of God—that

of in the generic sense, as made up of the whole assemblage of divine Intelligences that exist in all heavens and all earths.

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 357

Of God, the Spirit of the Gods.

From the presence of the Gods goes out the influence and power men sometimes call God, or Spirit of God; from whose

presence David could not flee:

If I ascend up into heaven, thou art there: if I make my bed in

hell, behold, thou art there. If I take the wings of the morning, and

dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea; even there shall thy hand lead

me, and thy right hand shall hold me. Yea the darkness hideth not

from thee; but the night shineth as the day, the darkness and the light

are both alike to thee (Ps. 139: 7-12).

This spirit is that "Something sacred and sublime,"which men recognize as moving "woolshod"behind the worlds; "weighing the stars, weighing the deeds of men."* This that spirit that

permeates all space; that makes all presence bright; all motion

guides; the Power "unchanged through time's all devastating

flight,"that upholds and sustains all worlds. Hence it is said, in

one of the most beautiful of the revelations God has given in this last dispensation:

As also he is in the moon, and is the light of the moon, and the power thereof by which it was made. As also the light of the stars, and

the power thereof by which they were made. And the earth also, and

the power thereof; even the earth upon which you stand. And the light

which now shineth, which giveth you light, is through him who enlighteneth your eyes, which is the same light that quickeneth your understandings; which light proceedeth forth from the presence of God

to fill the immensity of space. The light which is in all things; which

giveth life to all things: which is the law by which all things are governed: even the power of God who sitteth upon his throne,

who is in the bosom of eternity, who is in the midst of all things. * *. * * * * Q earth rolls upon her

wings, and the sun giveth his light by day, and the moon giveth her light by night, and the stars also give their light, as they roll upon theirwings in their glory, in the midst of the power of God. *****

Behold all these are kingdoms, and any man who hath seen any or the least of these, hath seen God moving in his majesty and power. (Doc.

and Gov., sec. 88: 8-13 and 45, 47).

* Edward Markham.

.

368 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

This, then, is God, who is not far removed from every one of us; in whom we live, and move, and have our being.

And as we dwell in him, so, too, dwells he in us; and, as man

more expands towards divinity, more and ever more of the divine enters into his being, until he attains unto a fullness of light, and truth; of power and glory; until he becomes perfectly one in God,

and God in him. This the meaning of the Messiah's prayer, made

for all those who become his disciples—"That they all may be one,

as thou Father, art in me, and I in thee; that they also may be one

in ub"(John 17: 21).

To the same effect Paul also prayed:

For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus

Christ, of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named, that he would grant you, according to the riches of his glory, to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man; that Christ may dwell in your

hearts by faith; that ye, being rooted and grounded in love, may be able

to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, and length, and depth, and height; and to know the love of Christ which passeth knowledge, that ye might be filled with all the fullness of God (Eph. 3: 1419).

Then again he said:

Let this mind be in you, which was also in Jesus Christ: who being

in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God (Philippians 2: 5, 6).

It is possible for the mind of God to be in man, to will and to do, as seemeth him [God] good. The nature of the Whole does cling

to the Parts, and they may carry with them the light, and truth, and glory of the Whole. Moreover, by appointment, any One, or Three

of the unit Intelligences may become the embodiment and representative of all the power and glory and authority of the sumtotal of the Divine Intelligences; in which capacity either the One or the

Three would no longer stand in their individual characters, but as the sign and symbol of all that is divine—and would act as and be

to all intents and purposes The One God. And so in every inhabited

world, and in every system of worlds, a God presides. Deity in his

own right and person, and by virtue of the essence of him; and

also by virtue of his being the sign and symbol of the Collectivity of the Divine Intelligences of the universe. Having access to all the

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 359

councils of the Gods, each individual Deity becomes a partaker of the collective knowledge, wisdom, honor, power, majesty, and glory of the Body Divine—in a word the embodiment of the Spirit of the

Gods whose influence permeates the universe.

This doctrine of Deity teaches a divine government for the world that is in harmony with our modern knowledge of the universe; for, as I have remarked in effect elsewhere:* An infinitude

of worlds and systems of worlds rising one above another in everincreasing splendor, in limitless space and eternal duration, have, as a concomitant, an endless line of exalted men, to preside over and within them as Priests, Kings, Patriarchs,

Gods! Nor is there confusion, disorder or strife in their vast

dominions; for thay all govern upon the same righteous principles

that characterize the government of God everywhere. The Gods

have attained unto the excellence that Jesus prayed for in behalf of his apostles, and those who might believe on their word, when he said: "Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom

thou hast given me, that they may be one as we are."* * * *

I say the Gods have attained unto the excellence of oneness that

Jesus prayed his disciples might possess, and, since the Gods have attained unto it, and all govern their worlds and systems of worlds by the same spirit, and upon the same principles, there is a unity in their government that makes it one even as they are one. Let

worlds and systems of worlds, galaxies of systems and universes, extend as they may throughout limitless space, Joseph Smith has revealed the existence of a divine government which, while characterized by unity, is still coextensive with them.

Concluding Reflections.

The subject enlarges as one enters into it; but I feel that here

I may let the matter rest. I do not fear the effect of Mr.

Van Der Donckt's criticism of our doctrine of Deity. Placed side

by side with the few positive truths which God has so clearly revealed through his great prophet, seer and revelator, in these last days, Joseph to be recognized by the world as one of Smith—yet

* New Witness for God, pp. 473: 4, 5.

360 IMPROVEMENT ERA, God's choicest and greatest of prophets—the vagaries of an apostate Christendom will have no attraction for the youth of Israel.

It was generous in you, Messrs. Editors of the Era, to give place

to the really able article of Mr. Van Der Donckt. I am glad you

did it, for several reasonst First, because it was a courteous, and generous act in itself; second, it stands out in marked contrast

to the treatment accorded us in sectarian religious periodicals;

third, because it must demonstrate to our youth that we have no fear of placing our principles where they may be tested by the religious doctrines and philosophies of men; and although the

elders of the Church of Christ may not be equal in learning and polemical skill with the champions of other systems, yet we have the truth, and our confidence is that it will hold its own in the conflicts that may beat upon it. We have the truth, I repeat, on this subject; that is, we have the truth, so far as God has been pleased to

reveal it. All truth respecting God is not yet revealed, even to the

Church of Christ now on the earth, but so much as he has revealed, is true. Our feet in the matter have been set in the right path; we

have lines of truth placed in our hands, which, if we and our children but follow patiently and with becoming humility, I am sure will lead us into that fullness of truth wherein is no incompleteness, but all is truth—God's truth, and all the truth about God.

LIFE'S MISSION.

BY F. F. DALTON.

The question might be asked: In what does man realize the

greatest happiness? Perhaps I would surprise some if I said, work!

work of the brain—work of the muscles—that work most fitted

for us.

Some sorrows, some griefs, some misfortunes, are drowned in the meshes of work—the work of the brain and the brawn—it is

the solace of many, the heritage of all, the nucleus of every success in life; yet some, especially young people, live in dread of assuming a work: some, with the thought that the mind will be

LIFE'S MISSION. 361

overtaxed, and that it is better to leave it free to take some big, important thing yet unknown; some, in fear the body will give out.

There can be found many of middle age, and older people, who have been constantly expecting, from their youth, to hit upon that particular work which would bring to them fame and fortune, but here we find them dropping into the great beyond, having lived without a purpose. In youth their efforts were unstable, purposeless. Early manhood and maturity was equally undefined. Some

are afraid. Some have a hope that the rich will signal them from

the common herd, and boost them to fame and fortune. Som

want to begin at the top of the ladder.

Put all these follies away, young men, and young women, and come to the conclusion that work is what will bring success. You

have time on your hands, and, as he is "no respecter of persons,'you will have to learn to respect him; for if you don't, the minutes,

hours, days, weeks, months and years, will roll by; and, before you

are aware, you are in middle life and just where you were at twenty, wandering purposeless, unsettled, drifting. I heard a story

once in which an old man told another that "He lived to work.''

Think of that, "live to work". Remember that "an idle brain is

the devil's workshop,"that work is the redeemer of civilization, that the workers on earth are those who are the honored ones, the sucessful ones, whose names are landmarks to our country's greatness.

PUT YOURSELF INTO YOUR WORK.

If you would have your work count for something, put yourself into it; put character, originality, individuality into everything

you do. Don't be satisfied to be an automaton. Determine that

whatever you do in life shall be a part of yourself, and that it shall be stamped with superiority. Remember that everything you do

of real value must have the impress of yourself upon it, and let that be the evidence of excellence and superiority.

You will find that devotion to your work will pay. Superiority of method, progressiveness, and upto-dateness, leavened with

your own individuality, are permanent. Success.

JOHN NICHOLSON.

BY ORSON F. WHITNEY.

Intrepid, honest, earnest, true. These four words sum up the

character of John Nicholson, as the author has known him by an acquaintance extending through a quarter of a century. Every

quality named has been proved in repeated instances, not only in private but in public life. If this man ever feared man, either

morally or physically, never to my knowledge has he shown it. The

phrase "terribly in earnest"describes one feature of his character.

True to his friends and to his principles, true in thought and utterance, he is a hater of hypocrisy, falsehood and deception. Two

things, he once remarked to the writer, he wished to have said of he never cheated anyone out of ahim when he was gone—that

cent, nor robbed a woman of her chastity. Any one who knows

the man would be willing to write for him in advance such an epitaph.

A native of St. Boswells, a small village of Roxburgshire,

Scotland, where he was born, July 13, 1839, he was the lourth child in a family of seven, whose parents were John Nicholson and

Elizabeth Hewison. His earliest recollection runs back to a small

hamlet called Carfrae Nill, from which, when he was six years old, the family moved to the town of Kelso, on the Tweed. When he

was ten they removed to Edinburgh, the capital. His childhood

was passed in comparative poverty, and his opportunities for education were few. One of his vacations was spent in a tobacco

factory, where he turned a wheel by striking the rim with the palm of his hand, thus supplying the necessary force to enable the journeyman to twist the leaf into the manufactured product. His

pay—thirtysix cents a week—he regularly turned over to his

JOHN NICHOLSON.] 363

mother, whom he dearly loved. He left school shortly after

reaching the age of thirteen, and engaged as an apprentice to a painter and paperhanger.

From a boy he manifested a brave and independent spirit, enshrined thoigh it was in a body far from robust. Healthy, active,

and even athletic, he was still delicately organized; and yet in his

iron atyouth and later manhood there was enough iron—and hot

that—in his composition, to make it exceedingly hazardous to

trespass upon his rights or impose upon anyone to whom he was a friend. A natural foe to oppression, he took little account of odds

when he stood up in his own defense, or flew to the rescue of the weak and unfortunate.

I have heard it related how he interfered on one occasion with a big brutal fellow, much larger than himself, who was cruelly beating a comparatively small man. "Stop that,"said John, fixing

his piercing black eyes upon the bully, who, his attention now diverted, aimed a terrific blow at the courageous youth, who adroitly evaded the sledgehammer fist of his assailant. But this

was not all; young Nicholson was an expert wrestler, and immediately clinching with his adversary and interlocking legs with him,

he gave him what was called "the cleek."The fellow dropped to

the ground. Three times John threw him, his repeated successes

making him appear the aggressor, to an excited crowd of shouting men and screaming women who rushed to the scene. As he arose

the second time from the prostrate form of his opponent, the latter aimed a vicious kick at him, and only by the sheerest good luck was he able to dodge the heavy hobnailed brogan, which, had it hit him, would probably have laid him senseless. Determining to

close the incident, he again threw Mr. Bully, and this time the

latter's head came in such violent contact with the hard earth that he was rendered unconscious. Meanwhile the little man who was

the cause of it all had escaped, and his champion, likewise moving off, looked back to see his late antagonist, surrounded by a curious throng, sitting up, rubbing his bruised head in a dazed, bewildered stare.

But while combative to a degree, John Nicholson was in no sense an habitual "scrapper;"he loved peace, and was tenderhearted as a child. His love for little children, by the way, is one

864 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of his leading characteristics. His mind had a religious bent, a

not unusual concomitant even of a warlike disposition. He never

doubted the existence of God, of whom he had a vivid impression from childhood. He had a poetic nature, and his intense earnestness, his solemn and at times stern seriousness (though mirth and

humor were alternating traits) well became him as a future warrior of the cross. Until he embraced "Mormonism,"he never connected

himself with any religious body. No other church or religion appeared to him to conform to those which Christ had established.

He was fond of writing, and gratified his literary taste, even in youth, by penning correspondence for neighbors who were unable to write. This made him popular with many poor people.

A ray of light struck him when he was about sixteen. One

Sabbath day he was passing along a public highway, when he observed two men, one of them addressing a group of people gathered round. The speaker declared that God had raised up in America a

Prophet named Joseph Smith, who had organized and established by divine authority the Church of Christ, with all its offices, powers and gifts, as it existed in the days of the Savior. Some of those

who heard this were enraged, and hooted and threatened the two men. John Nicholson, on the contrary, was very much impressed,

and implicitly believed the testimony. When the preachers retired,

he followed them, occasionally going ahead and awaiting their approach, that he might observe them.

Three years later he was sent by his employers to Bingley,

Yorkshire, England, to work on a palatial residence called Harden

Grange. While there he picked up a pamphlet written by Orson

Pratt, entitled "The Necessity for Miracles."He read 'it through

without stopping, and then declared to a companion boarding at the same house, "This is all true."The one addressed made some

slighting remark about the "Mormons,"to which Nicholson replied, "I do not know about that, but I know this is true."

After he returned to Edinburgh, he met the same man whom he had heard testify to the restoration of the gospel, the latter entering the family home on business. In response to an inquiry,

he arose and said, "Yes, I am an elder of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, and"—stepping toward John—"you

shall be one, too."To all explanations, subsequently given, the

JOHN NICHOLSON. 365

lateyouth raised not a single objection, and the good man—the

Robert Hogg, of Morgan, April, Utah—baptized him on the eighth of

1861. He was confirmed the following Sabbath, April 14, by

Elder David M. Stuart, who uttered a prophecy concerning him

that was signally fulfilled. Shortly afterwards, he v/as ordained a

deacon, and appointed clerk of the Edinburgh branch, and this was soon followed by his ordination as a priest.

Soon after he joined the Church, people that he knew endeavored to reclaim him from his "awful error;"but he readily

confounded them, and occasionally insisted upon their admitting themselves in error. The firm will, not to say audacity, of the

young convert was once manifested during a conversation with a certain coal agent of religious proclivities, who called upon him.

In the course of their talk, John testified to him of the visitation of angels to the Prophet Joseph Smith. The answer was a blunt

denial that any angel had visited the earth since the days of Jesus.

"If I can prove from the Bible that you are mistaken, will you admit it?"asked Nicholson. The other said he would. He then

opened the Bible, at the 22nd chapter of Revelation, and read the eighth verse: "And I John saw these things, and heard them. And

when I had heard and seen, I fell down before the angel which showed me these things."Laying down the book, he asked his

visitor to admit his error, but he was silent. Several times he repeated the request, but the man still refused to speak. Nicholson

then walked to the door, turned the key, put it in his pocket, and said, "I am at home here, you are not; I will let you out when you

fulfill your agreement."The coal agent surrendered.

In April, 1863, John Nicholson was ordained an elder of the

Church, by President George Peacock of the Edinburgh conference.

About this time came a request through the latter from Apostle

George Q. Cannon, then presiding over the European mission,

asking Elder Nicholson to devote his entire time to the ministry.

It was also desired that he proceed at once to Leeds, there to labor temporarily until assigned to a permanent field. This call, owing

to circumstances, was a severe trial to him, but he forthwith bade farewell to his fellow workmen, and went home to prepare for his mission. His mind was much troubled over the condition in which

he would have to leave his parents. His mother was barely re366 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

covered from a severe attack of inflammatory rheumatism, and was almost helpless; while his father was out of employment. Consequently John had been for some time their chief support. Within

three days, however, on April 23, 1863, he was on his way to

Leeds, with half a crown (sixty cents) in his pocket, exclusive of his railroad fare.

He had labored but a short time in the Leeds conference when he received an appointment as traveling elder in the Hull conference. While there, persistent activity prevailed, scarcely a week

going by without the baptism of believers. At the close of 1863,

he was appointed by President Cannon to preside over the Sheffield conference, where he labored with fair success for a year. In

January, 1865, President Daniel H. Wells, then in charge of the

mission, appointed him to the presidency of the Birmingham conference, one of the most fruitful fields in Great Britain.

One of his experiences in the SheflSeld conference may here be related. It was associated with a district meeting held at the

town of Whitington, the members of that branch and those of

Barrow Hill, about two and a half miles distant, composing the congregation. A mob smashed the windows of the meetinghouse,

the rocks rattling into the hall, but no one was hurt. They tried

to break in the door, but failed. After a while, silence prevailed

and the service proceeded. At the close, a number of the brethren

had to walk two or three miles to their places of abode. Elder

Nicholson among them. A friend on the outside advised them to

keep off the main road, as the mob had gone that way to ambush them. They, therefore, went along a narrow cut, with high banks,

where trucks were run to and from iron mines. The mob, learning

of this, rushed up behind the party, yelling, cursing and pelting them with stones. One of the brethren, struck on the head, was

partially stunned, but was assisted onward. At the end of the cut,

a pile of rocks was descried, and Elder Nicholson called on the brethren to halt and "give it"to the mobbers. Instead of obeying, they rushed to a neighboring fence, climbed it, and sped for

home, with the exception of one, who temporarily stood ground with the elder. The mob, appearing in the open, resumed the

rockpelting process. Nicholson was struck on the breast with a

large missile, the blow causing him to gasp audibly, but thanks to

JOHN NICHOLSON. 367

a thick handkerchief in his breastpocket, he was but slightly hurt.

His companion now went over the fence, leaving him alone—the

concentrated point of attack. He decided to approach the mob.

"Walking towards them he rebuked them, telling them they were a pack of contemptible cowards, and ought to be ashamed of themselves. Awed by his fearlessness, they dropped their rocks, and

before he could reach them, turned up the cut and vanished from view. He had evidently described them accurately.

The spring of 1866 witnessed his departure from his native land. He had been released by the president of the mission,

Apostle Brigham Young, Jr., and appointed to take charge of a

company of about three hundred and fifty emigrants, whose destination was Utah. The vessel chartered for tiiem was the American

Congress, Albert Woodward, captain. It was the last sailing vessel

that left Europe with a company of Latterday Saints; the era of

the steamship having arrived. They sailed from London on the

twentythird of May,and anchored in New York harbor on the fourth of July. During the voyage a most exciting and remarkable incident

occurred, the company barely escaping shipwreck on the rocks of

New Foundland; and only escaping, as Elder Nicholson believes, by

a direct interposition of Providence. For four days, a dense fog

had prevailed, preventing the captain from using his sextant.

Nevertheless, he pushed onward, being anxious to make time.

While this condition prevailed, he. Elder Nicholson and Elder John

Rider, were one day conversing on the quarterdeck, when the last named, who happened to be looking ahead, suddenly pointed in that direction and said, "Captain, what is that?"The captain made no

reply; but he acted. In an instant, he leaped to the wheelhouse,

and having no time for words, struck the man at the wheel a blow that sent him through the opposite door sprawling on the deck.

Meantime the captain had seized and was manipulating the wheel, at the same time shouting with the voice of a lion, "All hands aloft to bout ship."This cry was echoed by the first officer, and

in less time than it takes to tell it, the rigging was alive with the crew, each man working with tremendous activity. The cause of

all the stir was that the ship was sailing directly toward the rocks.

It was turned jast in time to avert a terrible calamity. What had

enabled John Rider to see the breakers ahead, was the sudden lift368 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ing of the fog, like a raised curtain, thus disclosing the danger.

Few if any of the other passengers were aware of the peril through which they had passed, the captain, a kindhearted gentleman, having earnestly requested Elders Nicholson and Rider not to inform the people, thus preventing much fear and a possible panic.

When the vessel came to anchor, a great fire was raging in New

York City, resulting in an extensive destruction of docks, warehouses and shipping. The conflagration presented a striking and

awful spectacle to those on board.

The remainder of the journey to the frontier, then in Wyoming, was by steamboat and railroad, and came to an end on the fifteenth of July. Elder Nicholson was now penniless, having

spent all his money on the people in his charge, many of whom were without means to obtain indispensable supplies along the way.

By request of the brethren, he remained for some time at the outfitting camp, doing clerical work for the emigration, and while there, performed by appointment the marriage ceremony uniting several couples. He left the camp on the seventh of August, in

Captain Joseph S. Rawlins'oxteam train, of which he was chaplain, commissariat, clerk and dispenser of medicines. He also acted

as arbitrator in all cases of diflSculty, and ofiiciated on several occasions as sexton. There were nine deaths during the overland

journey, incidents of a most pathetic character.

The company reached Salt Lake City, October 1, 1866. One

of the first to meet them was President Brigham Young, who visited their camp on Emigration Square. This was John Nicholson's first sight of the great leader, whose personality and manner

much impressed him. "Have you any relatives here?"the President kindly inquired. "None,"answered the newlyarrived

emigrant. "Never mind,"was the cheering reply, accompanied

with a benevolent smile, "you have many friends."

(To be concluded in next number).

FUNERAL RITES OF JAPAN.

TWO PARTS—PART TWO.

BY ALMA 0. TAYLOR, OF THE JAPANESE MISSION.

is taken care of by attendants, Shinto Rites.—The body

who immediately clothe it in a new and clean robe, and cover it over with a quilt. Long, narrow tables, on which are set dishes

containing vegetables, salt, etc., cups of wine, vases of sakaki

trees, and other things enjoyed by the deceased during life, are placed in the room. Near by, stand swordracks on which are

hung charmed swords to keep away devils. The members of the

family visit the dead room each day, for the purpose of placing fresh vegetables and flowers on the tables before the corpse.

On the day appointed for the last rites, all the relatives assemble. The body, smallportions of which only are exposed at a

time, is washed with hot water that must be brought in a new pail and applied with a new linen cloth. It may be interesting to

note here that the Buddhists pour hot water over the whole body, and handle it without much ceremony,, the attendants even stripping off their clothing to do the work; but Shintoists, having

great reverence for the dead, do not expose themselves in the presence of the corpse, which is only wiped with a damp napkin.

After this cleansing, the body is taken into another room, where it is laid upon the pillow stuffed with rice husks, which is placed under the head, and the face is again carefully washed with hot water and covered with a clean napkin. The new clothes underneath are then made to replace the old,"and straw sandals are put

on the feet. Lifting the body carefully, by taking hold of the

corner of the quilt, it is raised and tenderly laid in the coffin.

370 IMPROVEMENl ERA.

which, in this instance, is the length of the body. Shinto burial

cases resemble those used in Europe, but are much simpler and plainer than the modern casket of the West.

The writer had the privilege, some days ago, of seeing the funeral of the late Admiral Saigo. The arrangements were

according to military etiquette, and the rites were Shinto. The

procession and ceremony at the grave were grand, elaborate and impressive, but the casket containing the corpse was decidedly plain and inelegant. It was made of hardwood, square corners,

without molding, carving or ornament; in fact, it resembled a

smoothlyplaned but unpolished outside box. A covering made of

black broadcloth fitted over the top, and hung down the sides like the canvas cover of an embalmer's satchel. Pine is the wood generally used in the construction of presentday burial receptacles;

but stone is occasionally employed, and copper has been seen two or three times. Clothing and many other things, including a

black cap, wooden tablets, anciently used as notebooks, fans, swords, stillettoes, and daggers, are placed in the coflSn with the body. This is a very practical point which charaterizes the funerals of Japanese only. Evidently the old Shinto priest, seeing

the pride and vanity of the woman in life, did not want to deprive her of her most cherished possession even after death; so,in preparing the funeral rites, ordered that lookingglasses should be put

into the coffin with her. All is then overspread with a clean quilt.

The corners are stuffed with cotton and wool, and the lid fastened on. The casket is then raised, and set on two benches, one under

each end. Other benches, on which wine, biscuits, salt, and water

are arranged, are brought and placed in position at the head of the

coffin.

The relatives, priests, and immediate friends,occupy the space in the room where the corpse lies. They sit on the floor, as

chairs are not used in any but a few houses that have been erected by natives who have spent much of their life abroad in western countries.

The opening feature of the sei vices is the ceremony for the soul of the dead. Special preparations are made for this rite, the

object of which is to detain the spirit in the house during the performance of the religious services. A little stand about one

FUNERAL RITES OF JAPAN. - 371

and a half feet high is brought into the room. Near the coffin

is a platform on which a little house of beautiful design has been erected. This is called "The abode of the spirit."On the right

of the house, a bowl of salt is placed, and on the left is a projecting board upon which the spirit is supposed to alight before entering the abode prepared for its reception. Within the spirithouse is a still smaller structure, so small, indeed, that it can be

taken out through the front door of the one that contains it.

This is called, "The resting place of the soul."On the right is

another platform and structure, similar in shape and size to "The abode of the spirit,"and, like the other, is surrounded by sakaki trees, and adorned with silk ribbons. This building is prepared

for the exorcising of evil spirits.

The hour for the services having arrived, the ceremony is commenced by the officiating priest, who occupies the position of exorciser. Advancing slowly to the little house, he, in tones that

are sufficient to cause the fiery lakes of Hades to lose their heat, and the powers of Beelzebub to pass away, adjures the evil spirits to depart. The onlookers, gazing steadfastly at the priest, listen

as though the retreating steps of Satan's emissaries could be heard, and when the exorcism is finished, they offer humble obeisance. Another priest then goes forward, and, taking a branch of

sakaki, he waves it above the heads of the people to purify them and the chamber from the evil influence that had before prevailed.

The director of ceremonies then takes out the inner part of the spirithouse, and sets it upon the little stand previously brought containing salt water, theinto the room. Here two dishes—one

placed beside it, and, after certain rituals, theother empty—are

smaller house is replaced in the larger one. It is at this point

that the spirit is supposed to descend and make its home therein.

The next ceremony is for the repose of the soul. New

flowers and food are brought. The chief priest goes up to the

sacred edifice, stands statuelike for some seconds, clasps his hands four times and withdraws. All the members of the family

do likewise; and while to the mortal ear the sound is not at all

musical, yet, like the strains of a lulaby, it closes the eyes of the soul in sweet repose.

There is still one more rite. Fresh flowers and edibles are

372 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

again brought. The director of ceremonies offers an oration,

recounting, as usual, the principal events and illustrious deeds in the career of the honored dead. Prayers are recited by all

present, and each mourner, arising, lays a branch of sakaki, with little strips of white paper attached, upon a small table set before the casket, and with a low bow retires. This is a most beautiful

and impressive rite. At the funeral of Admiral Saigo, this part

of the ceremony was enacted at the cemetery. Before being

taken to the burial plot, the casket, mounted on a gun carriage, was drawn by a company of bluejackets into a large marquee, where special ceremonies peculiar to the funerals of military and naval men, were observed; after which came the presentation of

floral tributes. Representatives of the emperor, empress, princes of

the blood, and army and navy, each accompanied by an attendant, drove up in carriages, and, as they passed one after another along the avenue of approach to the principal marquee, where they laid their silent tributes upon the casket, -the priests played a funeral wail. Their flutes seemed in tune with the sadness of the bereft

hearts; for, like the mournful, bleating cry of sheep, that comes

from a distant hill, the notes filled the air with a lone and melancholy sound. The members of the family next stepped up to the

bier, and bowing low, each left their boquets alongside of those already placed. Then the public, led by marquises, counts, and

ministers of state, showed similar honor to the dead admiral, till the casket and carriage were completely buried in a bed of flowers. During the entire service, there was not a word spoken

above a whisper. All, out of the thousands who had come from

every part of the capitol city, seemed charmed with the solemn scene—the silence was, indeed, a silence of the tomb.

The pallbearers, and all attendants at Shinto funerals, are dressed in white. Six or eight of these enter the house and

carry the the coffin out, and put it in the bier, which is built the same as the Buddhist's, except that it is longer, to accommodate the westernshaped burial case.

The order of the procession is as follows:

1. Men who clear the way—often soldiers.

2. Torch, broom and flagbearers. (The flags at Shinto funerFUNERAL RITES OF JAPAN. 378

als are red and white, and, unlike the Buddhists', have no writing on them.) 3. Relatives or friends, who occupy positions near the front,

to keep order.

4. Servants carrying sakaki trees. (This is the sacred tree

of Shinto.)

5. Secular assistants at the ceremonies.

6. Two men carrying a wooden box containig fruits, flowers,

etc., to be used during the ceremony at the grave.

7. Attendants bearing offerings that are also used at the

burial service.

8. Musicians walking two abreast.

9. Second group of flag and torch bearers.

10. Two relatives, peculiarly dressed.

11. The vicedirector of ceremonies, his attendant, and two

priests. 12. Relatives carrying artificial flowers.

13. Attendants carrying a second sakaki tree.

14. Mourners, bringing bows, swords, arrows, and halberts.

15* riding on either side. Coffin—two mourners

16. Servants, bringing benches which supported the coffin in

the house. 17. Director of ceremonies, accompanied by two attendants,

and preceded and followed by two priests.

18. Two relatives who have had special arrangements to look

after, during the funeral.

19. A servant carrying temporary wooden headboards.

20. Third group of torch and flag bearers, followed by male

and female attendants.

21. Relatives and friends.

22. Two rear guards.

All, except broom, flag, and torch bearers, attendants, and servants, ride in rikishas. Carriages are occasionally seen, but it

is only at the funerals of wealthy or noted men that these conveyances are brought into use.

It is needless to remark, that such an elaborate procession is extremely impracticable, as well as being an extra burden on those in charge of the funeral arrangements. And it is gratifying to

374 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

note that such superfluity at the obsequies of the dead is rapidly coming to be looked upon with disfavor.

At the cemetery, a shed is erected over the grave, somewhat after the style, but smaller than the ancient moya or mourning house. As the procession approaches, the attendants, who have

awaited its arrival, light large bonfires outside the shed. The

vicedirector of ceremonies enters the moya, and causes the coffin to be set on a table in the centre of the oblations. The reading

of a prayer is the extent of the spoken ceremony. The coffin is

lowered into the grave, which is about twelve feet deep, by means of pulleys and ropes attached to poles arranged in the shape of a crosshorse. In the absence of these things, the lowering is accomplished by eight men. Often sentiments inscribed on wood

are placed on the top of the case before the body is let down. The

dirt is then thrown in, great care being taken not to allow the falling earth to resound upon the chest. The mourners retire.

The grave diggers fill up the grave, putting in a temporary headboard, and covering the mound over with sward. The benches

that were brought from the house are arranged around the grave, and vegetables and other materials are set thereon. Around the

outside of these, many of the large floral designs are set in circular form. These boquets are very large, and look very odd to the eye

of a foreigner. The stems of the flowers and green shoots are

long enough to be arranged to a bamboo stick, about six feet long and two or three inches in diameter. Many hundreds of the

choicest slips are used in one boquet, which, when finished, resembles in shape a young pine tree, and is so heavy that it requires some little effort for a man to carry it from the home of the deceased to the burial grounds. In rare instances, a bamboo

fence is hurriedly erected around the burial plot. On the outside

of this, flags are hung, and, on the inside,, lanterns are lighted every evening.

When the mourners return from the cemetery, certain priests and relatives who have stayed at home to purify the house by prayers and other religious performances, meet them at the front door, and give them water with which to wash their hands, and mouths before coming into the house. Salt is also sprinkled

over them, so that they might be cleansed from all defilement reFUNERAL RITES OF JAPAN. 375

suiting from association with the dead, or evil influences encountered at the grave.

This completes the Shinto funeral; and complicated as these

little more than ordinary rites may appear, yet the extremes to which this religion, coupled with the state ceremonies, can go, even at the present day, in the case of imperial funerals, is appalling.

The following extract from Chamberlain regarding the $7,000,000 funeral of the empress dowager, who died in 1897, will give an idea of what superstitious and, to the foreigner, mirthproducing observances are characteristic of the obsequies of those belonging to

Japan's royal family. Chamberlain says: "Never, perhaps, was

funeral pomp more elaborate than on this occasion, which, from first to last, occupied several weeks—for the actual interment

was only the last scene in an extraordinarily complicated set of observances. The procession was two miles in length, the final

ceremony lasted over twentytwo hours, during all which time imperial princes stood or walked almost barefoot in the snow without eating a morsel of food. An oxwagon, with wheels purposely

built so as to creak mournfully, bore the elaborate coffin in which the body lay preserved in vermilion. Three oxen drew it, harnessed in single file,—the leader, jetblack, the next, dun color,

with black flecks, the third, spotted white and black, with a white star on the forehead and four white stockings,—all this in accordance with ancient use. The actual gravediggers were habited

as birds with black wings, because for these, being devoid of reason, there could be no sacrilege in perching upon an empress'tomb. All sound of music was hushed throughout the land for

the space of a month, the schools were closed a week, and thousands of criminals liberated. The court itself suspended all festivities for a year."

In giving the above account of Japanese funeral rites, there has been no desire to slight the undertaker, or depreciate the position he occupies. According to the western idea, there

are no undertakers in Japan. They are simply merchants who

take contracts to furnish the articles necessary for funerals, and men to do the manual work; just as a furniture man would take

He a contract to furnish a house, or a florist to decorate it.

knows no art,—except the art of charging good prices for his

376 IMPROVEMENT ERA,

goods. He has never heard of embalming, and does not care how

rapidly the disease germs spread their terror, so long as they don't take their abode with him. Over his business is hung the

sign, "Articles Necessary for Buddhist and Shinto Funerals Furnished."On the top of a certain undertaking firm's place, there is a

clock made in the shape of a Buddhist bier, and the people who pass along the street, hearing the bell that tolls the hours, wonder

How long, ere such a knell Shall summon them to heaven or hell.

Corresponding to the Undertakers'associations in America, are the Funeral Reform societies of Japan. These aim at uniformity, and are striving to provide dresses and other articles

made according to the latest and most convenient styles for the funerals of the dead. Often one of these societies actually performs the work of an undertaker, providing everything required

to carry out a business properly. With the spirit of reform working within, and the powerful influence of Western thought and

method, in connection with the steady but conquering march of

Christianity exerting itself on the outside, the present system of burial is destined to be engulfed by the more enlightened means employed in the foremost of all civilized lands—America.

THE VIOLET.

Dainty, pure, the violet, Grows in sylvan shades;

Under moss and grasses wet.

In lonesequestered glades.

Wildwood air sweet fragrance breathes.

Ne'er exposed to sun;

Shadowed by o'erhanging leaves,

Where babbling brooklets run. Lydia D. Alder.

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN.

v.—HABIT AS RELATED TO CHARACTER.

But, after all, it is almost as important that you should form the habit of reading in your young days, as that you should know what is best for you to read.

"How use doth breed a habit in a man."—Shakespeare,

What you get used to by constant repetition, up to your twentieth year, will be pretty sure to remain with you as a habit the rest of your lives. I had a good friend who told me, when I

was fourteen years of age, that if I would refuse strong drink for the next six years, there would be little fear that I would ever thereafter care for liquor, or become a drunkard. At that time,

I was very fond of liquor, and, in one of my serious moments of reflection, I saw where it might lead me, and told my friend that

I feared the results. It was then he told me how to avoid danger.

I followed his advice, and liquor is no temptation to me now. But

my habit was not formed without severe training of my will, without strict and frequent repetitions of selfdenial. My friend

understood the power of habit, and I learned that habits are formed as well by the repetition of denial as by indulgence.

"Every action, every thought, every jeeling, contributes to the education oj the temper, the habits, and understanding, and exercises an inevitable influence upon all the acts oj our future life."—

Smiles.

It is a good thing to read good books. How can this habit

be formed? By reading a good book, and then by reading another; and thus by action of the will repeating until you form a

habit, which is a "second nature,"that, once formed, you can 378 IMPRO YEMENT ERA.

never wholly overcome, any more than you can your natural desire to eat and sleep. It is a bad thing to drink liquor, but by

indulging once, and repeating, you soon form an evil habit that can not readily, if at all, be overcome; but by denying your appetite,

and constantly repeating that denial, you also form a habit that will prove a powerful aid in the formation of a good character.

A beautiful behavior is better than a beautiful Jorm; it gives a

higher pleasure than statues and pictures; it is the finest of the fine

artsEmerson.

How then, are habits, good or bad, formed? By the repetition of actions. Good deeds and behavior tend to good habits,

and these are the foundation of good character. Every young

man is in duty bound to aim at reaching the highest standard of character: to be rich in spirit, great in true honor, the most virtuous, the most truthful, the most upright, the most honest, and

the most persevering in the path of duty. These desirable ends

can not be reached without diligent effort, constant selfwatch- fulness, selfdiscipline and selfcontrol. But with a strong spirit,

a determined will, and an upright heart, habits may be formed that will surely lead to success in the attainment of these ends.

"All habits gather by unseen degrees,

As brooks make rivers, rivers run to seas."—Dryden.

But all this may appear to be beyond the reach and understanding of the average boy. How will the simple surroundings

of the average boy enable him to form habits that will lead to such great results. Ability to form habits is one thing in which

all men are as near equal as they can be in anything. Habits are

personal, and no one is much more favored than another in the possibility of their formation. If anything, a condition of poverty

is perhaps more favorable to the formation of good habits than riches, or favorable financial surroundings. Nothing stands in the

way of the country lad forming habits that are just as good as those of the city lad; and, on the contrary, there is little in the

city, even with its numerous vices and temptations, that the country does not produce in one form or another. There is nothing to

hinder a boy determining to be prompt, to be always on time. A

determination to be prompt in all your affairs will soon distinguish

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN. 379

you, and make you beloved by all your associates. "That boy is

never late,"will be a wonderful recommend to you. Are you

careless in this regard, then change your habit of "always late"to "always on time."Or better still, form the habit of promptness.

Keep your word. That is another habit that some young

men seem not to value. "Did John say he would pay you today?"

"Yes.""Well, you will be paid, then."Such a reputation for

veracity is better than much money, and is one of the most important elements of success. But what shall be said of the habits

of industry, selfcontrol, of the power of governing the temper, of temperance and the thousand virtues of the sermon on the mount? By the exercise of a strong will and a determined effort

they may become traits in the character of every young man.

"But now ye also put off"all these: anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth. Lie not one to

another."—Col 3: 8, 9.

In this warning, Paul names some of the bad habits that are to be overcome, or, better, never formed. Keep in mind that it is

perhaps easier to form evil habits than good ones, and steel yourself against taking the first bad step. That is much easier than

to avoid a repetition of an evil deed, when once it has been done.

It is also much easier to do right voluntarily, and because of a love of the right, than to be compelled by others or by our circumstances. An eastern publication illustrates this: "Under

old business methods a young man who sought employment in some great house must appeal to his friends for 'bonds.'Today

he must appeal to a guaranty company; and the first question

asked him is, 'Do you gamble?'The second is, 'Do you drink?'

If he cannot answer 'No'to -each, and back up his reply by the evidence of his friends, he may pound stone, but he cannot handle cash. The Sunday school has now a powerful assistant in the

packing house and the bank. The area in which a young man

may sow wild oats is being narrowed every year, and the young it out on the levee, butman who 'must have his fling,'may have not in the business marts. Fathers and mothers, sad to say, do

is betting on thenot send detectives to the race track to see who horses there, but the bond companies do; and many a young fellow

who sneered at his mother's tearful entreaty has listened very 380 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

humbly to the words of the president of the company which holds his future in its hands."

It is not an uncommon thing to see men of the very best qualifications driven to utter ruin by some evil habit, or a combination oj such habits. Without good habits no young man has the least right

to expect to succeed in any business he may undertake.

THE PROPHET JOSEPH HEALING THE SICK.

BY C. L. WALKER, OF ST. GEORGE, UTAH.

[When the Saints first settled in Nauvoo, much sickness prevailed, owing to the unhealthful conditions of the place, but many of the people were, in the summer of 1839, miraculously healed by the power of God.

The Prophet Joseph Smith, with leading elders, went from house to house administering to the sick who were raised from their afflictions to health and strength. The writer has taken his inspiration from these

historical facts. Editors.]

He, a man of noble mien, whose stately step,

Majestic, scarce seem'd to touch the earth.

Sped on as with winged feet of Mercury,

Whose flights erratic o'er Olympian heights,. Scan'd Jove in council with the Deities

His stature, towering full six feet or more, 'Pear'd like a model fit for sculptor's tool;

His poise of frame, as on he sped, looking

Not back at weak ones far behind, who note

His regal stride, and musingly wonder

At his endurance, more than human;

Buoyed up as by some power invisible.

He halted at the hovel door, which swung

With creak incessant to the riverwind;

And viewed the plaguestruck inmates lying there,

With eyes compassionate—then, stretching forth

His hand to the form emaciate, said:

"Arise! and be thou whole: in Jesus'name"

'Twas done—and by the power of God, he

Touch'd them all, and all arose forthwith

And wond'ring gazed on mortal man

With power divine invested.

SOME LEADING EVENTS IN THE CURRENT

STORY OF THE WORLD.

BY DR. J. M. TANNER, SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH SCHOOLS.

Now for a Trip Around the World.

A short time ago the directors of the great railway corporations of continental Europe met in Paris for the purpose of making up a through train service that would leave at stated periods for a run all the way from Paris to Pekin. At present, the trip is made

by way of the Suez Canal, and requires from thirtytwo to thirtythree days. The railroad officers propose that the journey shall

be made in eighteen or nineteen days. It was also decided to enter

into arrangements with American railroads, and Pacific and Atlantic steamers, to issue round trip tickets from New York to

Pekin, permitting people to go by way of the Pacific ocean, and return by the TransSiberian railroad and Atlantic steamships, or vice versa. Circumnavigating the globe will soon be a commonplace affair. No doubt, we shall soon be running cheap excursions

around the world.

Necessity the Mother of Invention.

The recent coal strike, and the great coal famine throughout the East, have given rise to the preparation of coal briquettes whish are in very common use in different parts of Germany and

France. These briquettes have not been used in the United States

for the reason, no doubt, that coal was so cheap that men did not think it worth while to prepare them.

In the anthracite regions of Pennsylvania there are mountains of coal dust heretofore considered valueless. When the coal

famine was on, men began at once to experiment upon a means of 382 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

using these great quantities of coal dust, especially as the fact was recalled that the coal dust of Germany is used in the preparation of small coal bricks. With this dust, certain quantities of oil, and

distilled products of coal, have been mixed, and the mixture subjected to high pressure.

It is now discovered that these bricks have a great heating power, that they give off little or no smoke, and that there is but little waste in the ashes. The heat is said to equal that of the

best anthracite coal, and the cost of manufacturing is but one dollar per ton. This invention will save millions out of what has

been considered a waste product of coal, and thus bring some good out of what has been considered one of our greatest calamities from the standpoint of human suffering.

The Negro Question in the South.

The negro question in the Southern states is again agitating the country, by reason of the appointment of Dr. Crum as collector

of revenues for the port of Charleston, and the closing of the postoffice by order of the President of the United States at Indianola,

Mississippi.

Mrs. Cox had held the office of postmaster for some time.

Recently, she was waited upon by a number of citizens and urged to resign. This she did as a consequence of being so annoyed and

persecuted that it became impossible for her to discharge the duties of her federal office. Thereupon the Postmastergeneral, with

the approval of the President, declined to accept her resignation, and ordered the office closed. The people of that small town are

now shut off from postal communication with the rest of the world.

Strong protests are made against Dr. Crum as the collector of

revenues, and every effort has been made to prevent his confirmation by the United States Senate. Dr. Crum, it is said, is seveneight white, and a man eminently qualified to fill the office to

which ha has been appointed.

It is said that there are actually fewer colored federal office holders in the South now than there were under President McKinley's administration. The objections and protests against the

attitude of President Roosevelt are doubtless due to the fact that, in the beginning of his administration, every promise of conciliaCURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 383

tibn and harmonious understanding was held out to the South.

President Roosevelt appeared to them as the forerunner of the complete ascendency of the white man in the South, and the strong protests of the Southerners are doubtless due, in some measure, to the disappointment they feel in what they consider his change of attitude.

Canada and Wheat.

Western Canada has almost come to be synonymous with wheat. There is a belt four hundred miles north and south, and

nine hundred miles east and west, that is peculiarly suitable for the growing of wheat. Into this enormous grain belt, within the.

last few years, something like one hundred thousand people have migrated, principally from the United States, from Kansas, Nebraska, and the Dakotas. The Latterday Saints have contributed

five thousand of this number. The first half of last year, twentyfive-thousand people went from the United States into Western

Canada.

A few years ago, this vast country was termed a wilderness, for the reason, first, that it was little known; and in the next

place, because it was the policy of the Hudson Bay fur traders to keep the world in darkness respecting one of the most fertile countries in the world. This great wilderness produced, in 1902,

seventyfive million bushels of grain, and it will only be a few years, if the present emigration goes on, before Western Canada will produce more than two hundred and fifty million bushels. In

Manitoba and the NorthWest Territory, there are two hundred and sixty million acres of land awaiting the touch of the plow. If

a line were run north through Winnipeg more arable land could be located west of it than can be found today west of the Mississippi river, in the United States. It seems remarkable that some of the

best of this wheatland is located three and four hundred miles north of our colonies in Alberta. We had almost come to look

upon those northern lands as within the Arctic circle, and wholly unfit for agricultural purposes.

But northern lands have long summer days, and the solar light, rather than the heat, seems to be necessary for growing grain. We had always supposed that it was the sun's heat that

384 IMPROVEMENT ERA,

caused the"wheat to'grow. Experimenters deny this, and say it is

the light more than the heat. The railroads in that country, for

the past two years, have not been able to handle the output. As

soon as the wheat can'be harvested, especially in Manitoba, it is sent at once to the Atlantic coast and shipped to Great Britain.

Last fall, when I was traveling through the country, I was interested, and somewhat amused, by the announcement that our train might be held >up any moment by the farmers who were taking matters into their own hands, and shipping grain on their own account, when the railroad failed to furnish the necessary cars.

In one of the towns of Manitoba, a freight train had been stopped and the engineer compelled to place the cars in a position where they could be loaded with wheat, and the agent was forced to furnish bills of lading. The farmers then ordered the engineer to

pull out for the Atlantic seacoast. The matter was taken in good

part, and their demand, in this instance at least, complied with.

It is only a question of a few years when Canada will be the granary of the British, empire.

The Panama Canal Treaty.

After considerable delay in the negotiations between this country and Colombia, and the French company who had begun the construction of the Panama canal, a treaty has been entered into between the executive departments of Colombia and the United

States. It is believed that the treaty, as it now stands, will be

adopted by both countries, and its terms, therefore, are of general interest to the people of the United States.

The treaty is a compromise, as treaties generally are. Colombia wanted a rental of $650,000 a year for the franchise of a

waterway, and a zone of country six and a half miles wide through which the canal would run. The amount finally agreed upon is

$250,000 a year. This payment is to begin at the end of nine

years, as it is believed that the canal will be in operation by that time, although fourteen years is the time given for its construction. Besides this yearly rental, this country is to pay Colombia

ten million dollars, as soon as the treaties are ratified. These

sums of money will certainly be a great financial aid to this small

South American republic. The treaty guards carefully the terriCURRENT SIGRY OF THE WORLD. 385

torial interests of Colombia, and disavows altogether any intention on the part of this country to annex any of its territory.

The treaty cannot be finally ratified until perhaps the latter part of March, or the first of April. Colombia has to elect a new

congress which does not open till the commencement of March.

The fact that there is a faction in the United States that prefers the Nicaragua route, will discourage any effort on the part of a

Colombian congress to hold this country up for a large amount of money.

A decision by this country to construct a canal by the Panama route will practically shut out all possibilities of any other isthmian canal. If the Nicaragua route had been selected, there

would always have been more or less agitation on the part of

European countries in favor of a Panama canal, especially if the canal constructed at Nicaragua proved to be a paying enterprise.

The Venezuelan Troubles.

After the acquiescence, on the part of President Castro, to yield to the demands of England, Germany, and Italy, and after these countries had accepted the friendly suggestion of our country to arbitrate the question of Venezuela's indebtedness, preparations began for the adjustment of European claims. The

blockade, however, that these countries had established continued until the thirteenth of February, when Britain and Germany ordered it raised, and it has given rise to some agitation, and to no little criticism especially respecting the action of Germany.

In the latter part of January, the country was very much agitated over the announcement that a German warship had bombarded the small Venezuelan fort, San Carlos, at the entrance of

Lake Maracaibo. The circumstances that led up to this bombardment are not fully agreed upon. The facts generally accepted

are that the Panther, a small German warship, undertook to enter the port either to get a small uncaptured Venezuelan gunboat, or to tighten the blockade. The Germans contend that the first shot was

fired by the Venezuelans from fort San Carlos, and the Venezuelans declare that the Panther fired first upon the fort. At any rate,

the Panther was compelled to retreat, but was afterwards joined by two large ships, the Vineta and the Falke. These ships pro386 IMPROVEMENl ERA.

ceeded at once to destroy the fort, and also a small fishing village.

It is said that the blockade was so vigorously enforced that twelve fishermen, on a little island near the fort, starved to death. What

ever the actual facts may be, the general sentiment throughout the country was against Germany. In England, Germany's action

was thought to be unnecessarily severe, and some of the English papers proceeded at once to give this country assurances that

Germany's conduct was not approved by England. The St. James

Gazette said: "The Americans will understand that the German

proceedings are as little approved by the British nation as by theipselves."

About the time of this bombardment of San Carlos, United

States Consul Bowen arrived in this country, bringing with him credentials or authority to act as Venezuela's representative in the settlement of the obligations of that country with European nations. His proposition was to give all the creditors of Venezuela

thirty per cent of the customs received at the two principal ports

Puerto Cabello and La Guayra. The offer was declined by Great

Britain and Germany, on the ground that it included the stipulation that other creditor nations were to share alike in the payment.

England and Germany had been at some expense, and at some hazard, to compel the Venezuelans to yield, and considered themselves entitled to preferential treatment. France was strong in

her objection to this demand, contending that it encouraged warlike methotis, rather than peaceful ones. The other creditors

were France, Holland, Belgium, Denmark, Sweden, and the United

States.

Consul Bowen's reply that he would call the other creditor nations together, with a view of securing a protest against the demands of England and Germany for preferential treatment, was somewhat shocking to English diplomacy, and for a while it looked as though England and Germany would have nothing whatever to do with Bowen, in further efforts to adjust their claims.

There were two reasons why Consul Bowen was not so easily thrown overboard. One was that while he represented exclusively

Venezuela, and not the United States, yet the fact that he was a

United States Consul turned the sentiment of this country in his favor, and that sentiment would resent vigorously what it might

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 387

consider imperious treatment of one of its citizens by England and Germany. The other reason why it was not desirable to cut

off further negotiations with Mr. Bowen was the fact that an

alternative would arise, and that alternative would carry the case before The Hague tribunal.

This tribunal is a sort of an international court composed of representatives from all the leading nations, and it was not likely that England, Germany, and Italy would get any preference at its hands. Besides, Venezuela would put in counterclaims, and the

demands of the nation creditors would be exposed in details to the civilized world. Some of these demands are said to be of the

most extravagant character. If so, they would undoubtedly be

cut down. It would, therefore, be a wiser policy to confine the

question of how the claims were to be paid than to admit into the controversy what the claims are. From present appearances, a

compromise will be reached by which England, Germany, and

France will receive all the customs from these ports for a short time, and then the other nations will be permitted to come in and share alike.

In the interest of a friendly sentiment between this country and Germany, especially, it was very desirable that the blockade should be lifted as soon as it was. The severity of the blockade

was felt most by Europeans, and especially by those at Caracas.

The Europeans there do not take so kindly to an exclusively native diet with which they must content themselves, while foreign products are shut out of their markets. An incident illustrating

the feelings of German residents at Caracas is given in their refusal to accept the invitation of the captain of the warship

Gazelle to take dinner with him on board the ship, in honor of the

Emperor's birthday.

The American people, however, have shown considerable neutrality and conservatism by their impartial and deliberate attitude, in the midst of a controversy that naturally enlists their sympathy because of the Monroe Doctrine, and because there is a tiny power on one side, and two of the greatest nations of Europe on the other.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

AN EPISTLE ON ETHICS.

If it were in good form to project "don'ts"at the young men of the Church, I should head the list with what is a very important one: "Don't meddle with other people's business; mind your own."

The "Mormon"creed: "Mind your own business,"is a good

motto for young people to adopt who wish to succeed, and who wish to make the best use of their time and lives. And when I

say young people, it includes as well aged and middle aged men and women.

Let it be remembered that nothing is quite so contemptible as idle gossip. Byron said a good thing when he put into the

mouth of Don Juan these words:

In fact there's nothing makes me so much grieve

As that abominable tittletattle,

Which is the cud eschewed by human cattle.

How idle to go about whispering mysterious words here and in fact, but uttered withthere—words often without foundation

injurious intent, and perhaps with the idea of creating for the whisperer some imaginary respect, because of his supposed possession of special knowledge! But such action seldom bodes

good, or sets upon the round of human lips sentiments of appreciation for the excellent, the beautiful, and the true, in a brother, neighbor, or friend. Such gossip and meddling constantly hold to

view the defects of its subjects, and the scandals that are born fly as upon the wings of eagles. To be thus engaged is a positive injury,

also, to the person so employed, because by constantly holding the defects of others in his own mind, he ruins his own ability to see and appreciate the virtues of his fellows, thus stifling his nobler self.

EDITOR'S TABLE. 389

It is so very much better for a person to strive to develop himself by observing all the good points he can find in others, than to strangle the growth of his better self by cherishing a faultfinding, sullen and intermeddling spirit. The scriptures support this

thought. The great Psalmist says in substance in the fifteenth

psalm: "He that backbiteth not with his tongue, nor doeth evil to

his neighbor, nor taketh up a reproach against his neighbor, shall abide in the tabernacle of the Lord, and never be moved."To

abide in the tabernacle of the Lord is to enjoy his Holy Spirit.

Now, he that taketh up a reproach against his neighbor is in great danger of losing the Spirit of the Lord. "But my neighbor has

done this, that, or the other that is forbidden by the law or the

Church, or good usage, why should I not set him right?"says one.

Let that one ask himself: "Is it my business?"The answer will

suggest itself: If it is not my business, let me be wise enough to

mind my own business. For "he that refraineth his lips is wise,

and he that uttereth a slander is a fool"; and, further, the Lord

declares through the Psalmist: "Whoso privily slandereth his

neighbor, him will I cut off."

But with all these warnings, and with the constant drilling into our ears of the virtue of minding our own business which was early a characteristic of the "Mormon"people, and which is so yet, thank God—there are still persons among us who delight

in meddling with others'affairs, setting forth idle tales about their neighbors, and seeking to create strife and turmoil among the people. They are loath to lead out to do anything themselves,

but are constantly worrying about what others do, and how they do it. They are ever alert for the disagreeable, and seldom see

good in anything, or behold virtue in the motive of anyone.

Such a spirit should be avoided, and especially by young men and women, who should rather seek to cultivate magnanimous, charitable, and loving thoughts towards all. We meet in others

just about the sentiments we entertain of them, and are paid in return with much the same coin that we circulate. Our duty,

then, is to surround ourselves with an atmosphere of kindness and consideration for our fellows. Such a course will prove favorable

to all that is best in us, and will produce a like effect upon all who come within the circle of our influence. It will, besides, and best

390 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of all, insure us the good will and Spirit of our Father in heaven, thus enabling our souls to broaden, expand and develop.

Let it be the aim of the Saints to cultivate the spirit of generosity and goodwill, such as was exemplified in the life of Christ, and proclaimed when the angels heralded abroad the message:

"Peae on earth, to men good will,"and which has been reiterated in the modern restoration of the gospel. Watch constantly for

that which is worthy and noble in your fellow man. It makes a

person better to see and speak of good in his neighbor; while

there is unbounded delight in observing the effect that a few words of appreciation and encouragement have upon men, women, and children with whom we associate. Let those try it who really

wish to get the genuine sweets out of life.

The meddler, the gossip, the faultfinder, on the other hand, soon ruin their own capacity for observing the better side of human nature; and, not finding it in others, search in vain for its

influence in their own souls.

There is a wonderful field in the organizations of the Church for the cultivation of all the virtues of the human heart. It is

the business of every officer and member of the Church, and of her associations and organizations, to lead out in doing good; to stand

first in serviceable practices in the gospel's atmosphere of sunshine and peace; to lift up and not to cast down; to encourage

and not to repress; to dipense joy, and to drown sorrow; to refrain

their lips from slander and backbiting, and, by sweet temper and kind words, to unfold the better side of human nature; to mind

their own business, and not to unduly criticise, nor to find fault, nor to delight in talebearing, scandal, envy, and gossip.

This advice* heeded, our social ethics would soon show wonderful improvement; happiness, beauty of disposition, love, and moral

cleanliness, would increase among the Saints; the Spirit of God

would delight to dwell in their midst, and the best qualities of the people would unfold and develop like the rose in the warm sunshine of June. Joseph F. Smith.

"MORMON"DOCTRINE IN CONGRESS.

The Senate of the United States sometimes suspends its reguEDITOR'S TABLE. 391

lar business to enable its distinguished members to pay proper tribute to their associates who have passed to the great beyond. On

January 30 of this year, respects were paid to the memory of the late Senator James McMillan, of the state of Michigan, who had died suddenly, aged sixtyfour years. On this occasion, a leading New York senator, in the course of the eulogy of his dead

comrade, gave a very short, practical sermon on faith and works.

His is so unlike the generally accepted idea of momentary salvation held by the Christian world, and so very like the doctrine of the Latterday Saints on thip subject, preached for more than seventy years, that it is worthy of record. He said:

In all ages the question has constantly recurred, In what manner, if the choice were left to us, would we prefer to die? The prayers most

churches, all over the world, offer on every Sabbath day is the petition to preserve us from sudden death. That is based upon the theological

dogma that the sins of a lifetime can be forgiven.and salvation secured

by a deathbed repentance. Without desiring any controversy, I cannot

help believing that in the bookkeeping of heaven there is a debit and a credit account which can only be balanced by works as well as faith as well as professions. So I count most happy those who es-—deeds

cape the agonizing scenes so often recurring, and so painful at death, of parting with those we love.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.

Ratio of Representation.

What is a Congressional District, and what is meant by ratio of representation?

By ratio of representation is meant the proportion or number of people out of the whole population of the United States who are entitled to have a member in the House of Representatives.

is a division of a state having this numberA Congressional district of people. This ratio of representation has been changed every

it was 33,000, the census, or every ten years, since 1800, when 392 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

same as at the first census in 1790. In 1810 the ratio was 35,000;

in 1820, 40,000; in 1830, 47,700; in 1840, 70,680; in 1850, 93,-

423; in 1860, 127,381; in 1870, 131,425; in 1880,151,911; in

1890, 173,901, and in 1900, the present ratio, or the ratio for the next House of Representatives, is 194,182. Utah has only one

Congressional District, and only one Representative, because, her population in 1900 being only 276,749, she lacked 111,615 people to entitle her to form another district and elect another Representative.

Population of Utah.

How many times has the census been taken in Utah, and what is the present population?

The first census in Utah was taken in 1850, three years after the arrival of the pioneers. The population then was 11,380; in

1860 it was 40,273; in 1870, 86,786; in 1880, 143,963; in 1890,

207,905; in 1900, 276,749.

Dowie and ''That Prophet."

In Chicago our elders meet many followers of John Alexander

Dowie, who styles himself "Elijah the Restorer."His adherents contend

that he (Dowie) is "that prophet"spoken of by Moses in Deut. 18: 15,

18, 19, and mentioned again by Peter in Acts 3: 2224—when looking

forward to the time of the "restitution of all things,"as the one to prepare the way of the Lord. To which also agrees Malachi 3: 1. The Book

of Mormon (I Nephi 22: 21; HI Nephi 20: 23) presents us the fulfilment

of Moses'prophecy in the person of Jesus Christ.

Acts 3: 22, 24 does not seem to be convincing with regard to establishing the fact that Christ was "that prophet,"or that he fulfilled the

prophecy at the time he lived on the earth. The prophecy seems to

point to some prophet that should arise at the time of the "restitution"(verse 21). John 1: 45 does not, of course, prove that Christ was "that

prophet,"because Moses wrote of Christ in other parts of his writings.

The Jewish people understood that Christ and "that prophet"were two different persons. (John 1: 2025.) Can Book of Mormon testimony in

this matter be substantiated conclusively by the Bible?

In Deuteronomy the coming of "a prophet like unto Moses"is predicted. Bible commentators seem to agree that the Messiah is

the prophet referred to; and it is so stated in the Book of MorEDITORS TABLE. 393

mon (I Nephi 22:21; IIINephi 20:23). The words of Peter (Acts 3:

2224) seem to admit of only one intepretation, and that is, that

Christ partly fulfilled this prophecy in his first coming, and will complete its fulfillment in his second coming, when the restitution of all things shall be accomplished. In fact, Peter expressly refers to the fact that the prophets had foretold the coming of

"that prophet"in the person of Christ, their prophecies to be fulfilled in those days (Acts 3: 2426). There can be no doubt that

this is the intepretation to be placed upon those words. Therefore, an attempt on the part of a modern pretender to take this

honor to himself, is directly opposed to the inspired words of one of the apostles. The only passage that seems to intimate that

Christ and "that prophet"are not identical, is John 1: 1925.

Here Christ and "that prophet"are spoken of as two different persons. This may be easily explained, on one of two hypotheses.

First, the marginal reading is "a prophet."This reading would

relieve the difficulty. Or, secondly, as the Jews were entirely

mistaken in their conception of the mission of the Messiah, so we may safely conclude that they were mistaken regarding the identity of "that prophet."But after all, the claims of John Alexander

Dowie, and other pretended Elijahs and restorers may be disproved by being submitted to the crucial test set forth in the last two verses of the chapter in Deuteronomy (18th) in which this prediction regarding "that prophet"occurs: "When a prophet speaketh in

the name of the Lord, if the thing follow not, nor come to pass, that is the thing which the Lord hath not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it presumptuously: thou shalt not be afraid

of him."

The Angel Who Restored the Gospel.

Explain Rev. 14: 6, 7. Who was this angel who should restore

the gospel? Was it John or Moroni? If the latter, how did he restore

it?

It appears that the inquirer is of the opinion that this angel who was to "fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth,"was John the Baptist; his reason, as he gives it, being that John restored

394 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the Aaronic priesthood by ordaining Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery, and conferring upon them the keys of that authority. Also,

that as he was the forerunner of Christ, so he was the restorer of the gospel in the Fulness of Times. But this view is not held by

the Church, it being generally understood that the angel Moroni fulfilled the mission of the Rev elator when he came from heaven to earth to reveal the truths of the Book of Mormon. He visited

the prophet three times in one night (September 21, 1823), showed him where the plates were hidden, and instructed him in the prophecies relating to the latterdays. He finally delivered the plates

to the prophet, and guided him in their translation, at last receiving the treasure to himself, to be kept until it shall please God to bring forth the sealed and yet untranslated portions for the benefit of mankind.

The revelations bear out the idea that it was Moroni and not

John who restored the gospel, and that it was restored through the Book of Mormon which Moroni revealed:

For the hour cometh that I will drink of the fruit of the viae with you on the earth, and with Moroni, whom I have sent unto you to reveal the Book of Mormon, containing the fullness of my everlasting gospel.

Doc. & Gov., sec. 27: 5.

And again, what do we hear? Glad tidings from Gumorah! Moroni, an angel from heaven, declaring the fulfillment of the prophets—the

book to be revealed.—Sec. 128: 20.

That the authorities understand this angel to be the one referred to, is evidenced by their having permitted the placing of the figure of Moroni on the highest tower of the Salt Lake temple, with a golden trumpet, in the attitude of proclaiming the gospel to all nations. John the baptist held the authority of the

Aaronic Priesthood which he conferred upon the prophet, but

Moroni declared the gospel to him, and was the angel referred to by John the Revelator. For a further discussion of this subject,

the questioner is referred to Manual, Number 3, 18991900, lesson 2, notes 2-5.

NOTES.

The fifth annual exhibition of the Utah Art Institute will be given in the old Social Hall, 41 State Street, Salt Lake City, from March 9, to

April 9, inclusive. This will give the young people who visit conference

a chance to view the work of the exhibitors. Admission at least three

days of each week will be free, and the lovers of art should not miss this opportunity to witness some of the best Utah can produce.

"Better faithful than famous,"used to be one of Theodore Roose velt's characteristic sayings. It has ever been his rule of life. And because he was faithful he has become famous. That in itself is giving

his day a character to be proud of. The genuine men as a rule reap all

the rewards nowadays—the men who do things. You have only to

make up your mind to that, and stick to it, to win.

The conception with which Christ makes us familiar is that of Fatherhood. This is interwoven into the very texture of his teachings.

The sense of it was the deepest element in his consciousness. With this,

every other relation of God must be harmonized. In the light of this,

all Christian doctrines are to be interpreted. Yet we shall miss the full

significance of this final idea of God, if we do not find in it the suggestion of the parental, as well as the paternal, and make it include that which is so tnexpressibly dear in motherhood, as well as fatherhood.

Rev. E. E. Chivers.

The secret of the undying vitality and perennial attractiveness of the sacred Scriptures lies in the fact that they come bringing the revelation of the Divine name. Under the illumination and guidance of the

Divine Spirit there was wrought into the consciousness of the Jew of old a sublime conception of God such as no other people ever attained. From

the background of the Old Testament Scriptures there stands out in veritableclear relief the Living God, separable from all phenomena—a

being, clothed in perfection. With the majesty and splendor of his

holiness, too, is blended unspeakable tenderness. He is an approachable

God, entering into most intimate relations with men. The world owes

an unspeakable debt to the Jew for the conception of God with which he enriched human thought—Dr. E. E. Chivers.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH.

BY THOMAS HULL, GENERAL SECRETARY OF Y. M. M. L A.

Local—January 15, 1903—There are twentyseven cases of smallpox at Salina,16—F. andJ. Hagenbarth,the pest is spreadingof Utah, wasin allselectedpartssecondof thevicepresidentstate

of the National Live Stock Association of Kansas City

Neils Morten Peterson, a surveyor and Indian fighter, and pioneer of

Richfield, born Denmark, Nov. 12, 1819, died There was a

mass meeting at Mt. Pleasant to devise means for the completion of the

mammoth reservoir Ezra Jacob Wycoff Barnard, born New

F. Holmes is chosen president of the CommercialYork, July16—Col.8, 1830,E.a Salmon River missionary, died in Brigham City

Club, Salt Lake The naval recruiting station closed, having secured 35 enlistments in Salt Lake 18—Citizens of Mt.

Pleasant organize a company to bore for oil Mrs. Ella Hunt,

who returned three weeks ago from a mission to Germany, died in Loa,

Piute county Charles H.'Nelson, born in Sweden, aged 68

years, a pioneer of 1862. died in Provo 19—Elizabeth

Leyland Graham, mother of John C. Graham, widow of Wm. C. Graham,

born in England, December 5, 1816, died in Provo; and Lucetta Penrose,

wife of Hon. C. W. Penrose, of the Deseret News, born in England, September 15, 1834, died in Salt Lake 20—The Legislature in

separate houses voted for U. S. Senator; the result being: Senate

Smoot 10, Rawlins 6, Wells 2; House—Smoot 36, Rawlins 4, Wells 4,

absent 1 The U. of U. wins the debate from the University

of Idaho joint assembly of the Legislature, 21—In the

Hon, Reed Smoot was declared elected U. S. Senator from Utah

Dr. Payne was bound over in the sum of $7800 to answer the charge

of murder of teacher Annie D. Hill Thomas Tyson Slater, born

22—TheEngland, MarchMinisterial16, 1834,Associationa pioneer telegraphsof 1854, diedto in WashingtDUHuntsville that it

will protest against the seating of Senatorelect Reed Smoot

Three pioneers of the state pass away: Thomas Ashton, born England,

November 17, 1813, came to Nauvoo in 1841, died in Lehi; Oscar Winters, born Ohio, February 7, 1825, father of Mrs. H. J. Grant, Mrs. A.

0. Woodruff, and Mrs. J. E. Booth, came to Utah in 1852, died in Provo;

and Mrs. Mary Smith, born England, June 17, 1811, wife of Judge Samuel Smith, pioneer of 1850, died in Brigham City 23—A great

irrigation scheme, designed to water 50,000 arid acres in Davis county.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 397

was discussed at a meeting in Parmington. It involves a fivemile tunnel under the Wasatch at a cost of $310,000 Anna Erickson

Lund, born Denmark,24—TheSept.B. Y.26,College1806. ahaspioneerbeen ofgranted1863. diedthe inrightHuntsvilleto use

the mails for its publications as second class matter The mayor of Salt Lake pardoned sixteen prisoners to make room for the builders who are to tear down the old jail, built in 1867, and erect a modern structure 25—Elizabeth Carr Brereton, born England, 1830, a resident of Provo since 1859, died Charles

Warren Smith, born Iowa, January 16, 1849, a brother of Apostle John

Henry Smith, died in Salt Lake 26—In the case of the U. S.

vs. Frank Martins, Judge Marshall of the Federal court holds that the

regulation excluding sheep from forest reserves is unconstitutional.

This would throw 1,087,000 acres, in three reserves in Utah, open to flocks Utah enjoys a general rain storm Isabella

West, born England, April 9, 1828, a pioneer of 1850, died in Salt Lake

City 27—A heavy rain and snow storm prevailed over Utah

The State Board of Health announces a quarantine against

Ferron, where there are many cases of smallpox The Honse passed a bill providing for an appropriation of $7,500 in arranging for the Irrigation Congress at Ogden 28—A heavy snowstorm

passed over Utah. In Park -City, a snowslide buried nine miners at the

Quincy mine, killing three outright, and causing great damage. There

is great danger of slides in all the canyons 29—In Judge

Hall's court, the famous case, Ogden vs. The Bear River Irrigation and

Ogden Waterworks Co., was decided against the city. The contract is

held valid, and the damages claimed by the city from the old works are

killed in a cavein whichbarred by30—Twothe statut'es.children Ogdenof JameslosesJohnsonall claimwereon the waterworks

in Salt Lake was 2.11,swallowed a part31—Theof theirprecipitationhome in theforOldJanuaryTelegraph mine in Bingham

against an average of 1.44 inches for the past thirteen years.

girl inmates to February 1—An unsuccessful attempt was made by

burn the State Industrial School at Ogden Dr.John James Briggs,

born Canada, Mav 23, l'23, an old soldier who came to Utah with Gen.

Connor, died Jan. 29, on his ranch near Ephraim 2—Police

officer Horace A. Heath, after a desperate fight with three unknown holdups, whom he was trying to arrest, shot one of them dead. They had

attempted to rob J. G. Morrison's grocpry, in which they failed owing to

the bravery of Mr. M There is a total of 443 officers and enlisted men in the Utah National Guard, with 27,344 men in the State

available for military duty, but disorganized 3—Thousands

view the remains of the desperado killed by Officer Heath

Ann Mabbot Tuttle, born England, December 2, 1821, a pioneer of 1852, died in Manti. on the 2nd inst 4—A fire visits Richfield, destroying $3000 worth of property The Utah Lake Commission is organized, with A. F. Doremus, chairman, and George C. Lambert

secretary This was the coldest day of the winter, the mercurv dropping to 4 degrees above zero 5—The cold continues, the thermometer registering 5 dpgrees above in Salt Lake and 22

degrees below in Deseret, and 24 degrees below zero in Coalville 398 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The Legislature adjourned until the 9th 6—The Fifth Legislative Assembly was warmly welcomed, banqueted and entertained by

Senatorelect Reed Smoot, at Provo The mayor and chief of police of Salt Lake announce the positive closing of all gambling houses private clerk, 7—Congressman Joseph Howell, wife, and

Lewis T. Cannon, left for Washington The Utah lake has filled up

the foot of water pumped out of it last fall, and is rising rapidly towards the compromise point 8—The new Phillips Congregationalchurch is dedicated with appropriate ceremonies 9—A protest is received in Washington by Senator Burrows, signed by nineteen

Salt Lake citizens, who, in a pamphlet of 62 pages, object to the seating of Senatorelect Smoot, on the grounds:

1. That the Mormon priesthood, according to the doctrines of that church,

is vested with supreme authority in all things, temporal and spiritual.

2 That the first presidency and twelve apostles are supreme in the exercise and transmission of this authority.

3. That this body of men have not abandoned the principles and practice

of political dictation, so also it has not abandoned belief in polygamy and polygamous cohabitation.

4. That this attitude of the first presidency and apostolate ever since the

suspensory manifesto of 1890 is evidenced by their teachings since then.

5. That this body of officials, of whom Senatorelect Smoot is one, also

practice or connive at and encourage the practice of polygamy and polygamous cohabitation, and those whom they have permitted to hold legislative office have, without protest or objection from them, sought to pass a law nullifying enactments against polygamous cohabitation.

7. That the supreme authorities in the church, of whom Senatorelect

Smoot is one, to wit, the first presidency and twelve apostles, not only connive at violations of, but protect and honor the violators of the laws against polygamy and polygamous cohabitation.

The names of the signers are given below.

Dated at Salt Lake City, January 26, 1903.

W. M. Paden, P. L. Williams, E. B. Critchlow, E.W. Wilson, C. C. Goodwin, L. U. Colbath, W. A. Nelden. Clarence T. Brown, Ezra Thompson,

John J. Coram, J. W. Leilich, W.Mont. Ferrv, H. C. Hill, S. H. Lewis,

George R. Hancock, George M. Scott, Clarence E. Allen, Abiel Leonard,

H. G. McMillan.

TO—Snow and frost are playing havoc with the flocks in Utah and

surrounding states A distillery at Ogden and a canning facSalt Lake, was completely destroyed by fire, andtory11—Theat DraperAtlas Block,are among the industrial enterprises spoken of

the Central Block was partly destroyed. Loss to buildings and contents

will perhaps exceed $300,000 Salt Lake was visited by a

held memorial services in honor of Lincoln andsnow 12—Theblizzard, Legislaturethe most severe in years: seven inches of snow fell

McKinley, Senator Love and Representatives Done and White speaking before the joint meeting 13—Arizona refuses to cede the

"strip"to Utah, and the Legislative Representatives D. H. Morris and

Johnson return unsuccessful The Legislature visits Logan, investigating the State Agricultural College, where they were banqueted.

A. Kuhn, a pioneer business man of Ogden, dies

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 399

Forty leading citizens, headed by Gov. Wells, sign a petition for Senatorelect Smoot, intending to offset the petition of the ministerial association. Thirtyeight are leading Gentiles. Among the signers are:

R. N. Baskin, Chief Justice Supreme Court; W. M. McCarty, Justice Supreme Court; M. A. Breeden, Attorney General; S. T. Stewart, District Judge;

C. W. Morse, District Judge, Dennis C. Eichnor, District Attorney; W. J.

Meeks, County Recorder; John May, Deputy County Recorder; J. O. Nystrora,

City Recorder; J. J. Thomas, City Councilman; James Devine, Chief Salt

Lake Fire department; W. S. McCornick, banker; W. H. Bancroft, vicepresi-

dent and general manager Oregon Short Line railway; J. R. Walker, secretary

Walker Bros.'Dry Goods company; W. H. Dickson, lawyer; H. E. Booth,

lawyer; M. L. Ritchie lawyer; Arthur Brown, lawyer and exUnited States

Senator; George T. Odell, manager Consolidated Wagon and Machine company; James Chipman, banker, and exState Treasurer; D. H. Peery, broker;

Ralph Guthrie, Broker; James K. Gillespie, real estate; R. B. Whittemore,

real estate; George Y. Wallace, president Rocky Mountain Bell Telephone company.

is the'coldest day of the year,the thermometer ranging from 14—This

4 degrees below zero in Salt Lake to as low as 32 in some parts of the

State.Domestic.—January 15—President Roosevelt signs the Coal Duty

officials are ordered to admitRebate bill 16—Customscoal to the U. S. free of duty 17—Admiral Dewey returns to Washington The big 16inch rifle is tested

successfully at the Sandy Hook proving grounds; 19

General Miles and wife arrive in St. Petersburg on their trip around the

world Much regret is expressed at Washington at the action of the Germans in bombarding San Carlos, by the Panther arrives in Washington 21—The20—Minister Bowen

President signs the Militia Reorganization bill 22

The Panama Canal treaty is signed in Washington 24

The Alaskan boundary treaty is signed Senator Teller is reelected by the Democrats in Colorado, after a disgraceful legisla-

D. Rockefeller gives seven million tive fight 27—John

dollars to be used for medical research Twenty persons or more are killed in a rearend collision between trains at Westfield, collision occurs between two trains,N. J 28—A fearful

near Tucson, Arizona, in which about twenty people lose their lives

Roosevelt sends to Congress the appeals of China and 29—President Mexico for a new universal coinage standard 30—The

Venezuelan negotiations continue in a deadlock John T.

McDonough accepts the appointment as a justice of the Supreme Court

Sternburg, German in the Philippines 31—Baron Speck von

Special Envoy, presents his credentials to the President.

are ordered to Waterbury, Conn., to quell February 1—Troops

strike riots The Thomas Jefferson Mem. Association

appeals for funds to build a memorial to Jefferson in Washington asks that the preferential rates question between 2—Minister Bowen allies and Venezuela be submitted to the Hague 5—The

discussion of the statehood bill brines out the question of polygamy and the influence of the "Mormon"Church in politics, and Senator Rawlins declares many "Mormons"are governed by church officials in politics accepts Naval Constructor Hobson's 6—Sec. Moody

400 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

resignation made because of his failing eyesight 7—The

softcoal miners accept an offer of an increase of 12i per cent in wages is sentenced ta made by the operators 9—Hooper Young

life imprisonment for the murder of Mrs. Pulitzer in N. Y 11

Senator Morgan, of Alabama, announces he will not oppose the seating of Smoot because he is a "Mormon,"but would rather do it because he is a Republican 12—Deep snow on the South Dakota ranges causes death to many cattle 13—Envoys of the

allies and Venezuela sign the arbitration protocol at Washington

Senator Depew declares, in the statehood bill discussion, that the vote of the "Mormon"Church is absolutely controlled by the central hierarchy of thatForeign—Januaryorganization. 15—The Rand mine owners agree to pay a $150,000,000 war contribution 17—An agreement for

separation is reached between the Crown Prince and Princess of Saxony

The German warship Pa?iAer shells Fort San Carlos,

Venezuela 18—M. De Blowitz, the famous correspondent of the London Times, dies in Paris 20—Dr. Lorenz,

22—Thein Vienna,GermanpraiseswarshipsAmericanrenewdoctors,the nursesbombardmentand hospitalsof Fort San Carlos

23—Col. Arthur Lynch, M. P., is convicted of high

treason, in that he fought with the Boers, and is sentenced to death, in

London Com. Scheder, the German Commander in Venezuelan waters, declares that Fort San Carlos fired the first shot at

the Panther 24—The pending reciprocity treaty between

Cuba and the United States is causing much apprehension in Great

Britain 25—Count Boni de Castellane is reelected to

the French Chamber of Deputies 27—The sentence of

death28—TheuponprojectedCol. Lynchuprisingis commutedin Chinatohaspenalspreadservitudeto manyforprovinceslife

30—Secretary Chamberlain

is greatly extended. 31—The railroadis enthusiasticallystrike in Hoi landgreeted at Kimberley

allies'claim for preferFebruary 1—President Castro replies to the

ence,2—ThethatstrikeVenezuela desires to treat all claimants alike in Holland ends 3—Civil war breaks out in

Honduras Wm. P. Redmond, M. P., Irish leader, is released

strikes occur in several cities of Spain4—Breadafter servingriotshalfand his threeyear term of imprisonment

The Berlin foreign office criticises Minister Bowen 6

M. Giron severs all relations with the crown princess of Saxony

Turkey is preparing for trouble in the disturbed regions of Macedonia 8—It is reported that on January 13, a thousand

lives were lost in a cyclone and tidal wave that swept the South sea islands The Czar invests the governor of Finland with unlimited power 12—Fourteen battalions of Turkish soldiers are ordered to the Macedonian frontier 13—The

Buenos Ayres naval department building burned. Loss $800,000

Bolivia submits under protest to the land claims of Brazil.

Large increase is noted in the desertions of the British Army their fleets to raise the blockade on Ven14—Britain and Germany wire

ezuelan ports. The trouble now goes to the Hague.

'M-'M-f-M'

;: CO., ine. D. 0. GflliDEH'S SONSI

THE PIOfJlBBH NTUSIC DEflliBfiS OF UTAH.

t We handle the renowned STEINiAKY II which is a guarantee of our Business Standing, also

X the well known

X and the People's Favorite, the

KI]lBAIiIi PIAHO.

Come and hear the APOLLO PIANO PLAYER, the Latest and the Best.

4547 West 1st South Street, Salt Lake City.

t

> Let us give you a Word of Warning i'J->

K J.

K Buy your Lard, Hams, and Bacon, from us, and buy NOW. In the first

place, we have Home Cured Goods: J

'second, our Lard is the BEST that;[ can be bad; third, because owing to

',[ scarcity, all of the above mentioned J;

"{', '.{ articles will advance in price very

t materially. If you don't believe it, j|!

t just keep this ad for future reference. >'

* ]'. t.t,..

I Marriott's Market,?L;12rl.

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTXZERS PtEASE MENTION THE ERA.

HE MUFFED IT PHE|IU]illS FOH If he did not get our Catalogue of SOflP WHflPPEHS.BASE BALL GOODS.

How would you like to obtain absolutely free of charge—a handsome clock;

a Rochester lamp or a dozen Turkish towels? You can do it. All you need da

is save your DkimoTulT"

wrappers. When you have 50, 100, 200,

Also remember we head 500 or more, send them to us and we will the procession in Shooting forward you a premium you will be proud of; something that will be both ornament- & Sporting Goods, Fishing - al and useful. Tackle, Camping and Out Write for premium book, picturing

ing supplies of all kinds. many and describing all of the 300 preOur Catalogue is free, miums which we give for wrappers.

send for one. J- J- J- J-

THE CODflHV PflCKlHG CO.

Browning Bros. Co. Premium Store, 317 So. Main St.

2461 Washington Ave., Ogden, Utah. Salt Lake City, Utah.

Oreoon liori Line lailroad

Operating 1421 Miles of Kallroad tbrougta the Thriving States of

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONLY ROAD To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

Pour DailyBTrains between SALiT liAKE CITY and OODEN. The POPUIiAR

LINE to all Utah Mining Districts. The Only Road to MEROUR.

to Ail Points East.The Fastest Service

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE "SHORT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

City Ticket Office, No. 100 West Second Soutfi St., Salt Lake Crty.

1. M. iCHUMACHER, General Traffk Mancyer. D, E. BURLEY. Gen. Pass, and Tickti Agi

W. H. BANCROFT, icePrest. and General Manager-.

(WHBN WB3TING TO ADVKBTISKBS PLBASB MEHTION THB HBA.)

YOl) ARE DELLDING YOURSELF Telephone 35 1> WHEN YOl SAY, Jos.Wm. Taylor,

UTAH'S LtADiNG UNDERTAKER "Telephone

AND LICENSED EMBALMER.

Chapel, Fine Funeral Private Parwould be of lor, Morgue. and Show Uooms

OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.

21, 23, 25 South West Temple St. no use to me

SALT LAKK CITT, UTAH. '

at the house.

TRY IT AND SEE.

ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN, Ask any of your many COUNSELORRT-LAW.

friends who have it. U. 8. Supreme Court, Registered Attorney U. S. Patent Office, United States and

Foreign Patents, Caveats, Trade Marks and

Copyrights.

ONE DOLLAR PER MONTH IS No. 700 7th Street, N. W.

Opp. U. S. Patent Office. WRSHINQTON.D.C- TOO CHEAP TO REQUIRE ARGUMENT.

Daynes Music 60..

Tlie T.eadln? Music Dealers.

CoPYRICT-t**

A FALLING MARKET P1A10S ORGANS will not be blameable to the quality of

EVERY HIIiG KHOWfi IH IWUSIC theproductiveproduceSeeds.If you useFurthermore,our choice andyou

Send for Illustrated Catalogue can always depend upon good prices for your grain and produce when raised

FREE. from our High Grade Seeds and marketed by us. Write us when you have

Is not falling."DAYNES MUIC CO. products"market to sell, and we'll see that the

Stock The Largest of Goods THE C. A. SMURTHWAITE PRODUCE CO. In the West.

74 Main Street. P. O. BoxD. Seedsmen and Shippers of Produce,

OGDEN, UTAH...

(When writing to advertisers please mention this paper.

No The Trouble with "BANNER"Paper Patterns Paper Pattern best is the if you I. buy t:. c. m. Pattern Paper your

Paper Patterns published here lOc and lOc and ISc1903 ISc.

New Spring Goods

New Silks New Dress Goods New Notions New Neckwear New Gloves Nw Ribbons New Laces and Embroideries New Corsets and Hosiery

New Underwear New Wash Fabrics

New House Furnishings New Millinery

New Cloaks, Suits Wraps, New Art and Fancy Work and Waists Department

K-I GOODS GOJ H- THOPS DRY We Solicit Msil QPdePs ioP SHItT WAISTS daring oair Gireat MflHCH Sale of

t t flEW Spring (Quists.

t Prices 25c, 35c, 50c, 65e, 75c. and up

Postage 5e. t

You will save from 25c to 50c on each Waist by ordering now. t

1R. K THOCQAS DRY GOODS CO.