WlmprouementEra

:%m /.'.- >?.-."*. - -:::..'- '.

t LAK.E CITY

ighty good hired men... says FARMER TODD

nd a mighty good change, with A pay, awaits you or any member of

your family. Food fights for freedom,

and you may be needed on the farm

front. It's a healthful change from

office and housework... and a

major contribution to Victory. See

your County Agricultural Agent or

make arrangements through a local

committee, k Another opportunity

to serve, with liberal pay, is in food

processing plants, such as canneries.

* Give a hand! Back the attack!

Help harvest and preserve food.

Your faithful, economical gas range, with its controlled, quick heat, helps conserve, too, by saving foodvitamins and minerals.

MOUNTAIN FUEL

SUPPLY COMPANY

SERVING UTAH AND WYOMING WAR AND PEACE

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

HPhe total area of Japan proper is * about the same as that of the state of Montana, but its 4,000 or so volcanic islands, most of them spot size, stretch a distance equal to that from Greenland to Charleston, South Carolina. Its population is the most concentrated in Asia

except for Java and some parts of

China.

Though tests with 124 flowering * plants found that aluminum was not necessary as a food requirement in measurable quantities, ferns seem to need this metal for normal growth.

HpHE baby porcupine is born with its * quills already out. The cubs of

the black bear are born during the winter while the mother is sleeping in hibernation. Without fur, and with eyes

closed, the cubs find their mother's milk, and keep warm by snuggling under her breast or arms. In a few weeks the

eyes are open, and the cubs have their own fur.

The Yale Zone Catalogues give ac- "curate positions in the heavens of over 91,000 stars, and further books are in preparation to give the positions of 55,000 more. The total number of stars

visible to the naked eye in the whole celestial the sphere under 6,000. is notconditions over best of seeing tfjOSL JMiu fiiL Jjuuu

extratropical cyclone which wasAn "The richest parents cannot buy for their baby** first Montana, noticed near Havre,

February 23, 1925, was traced by safer, more wholesome milk than is everywhere once and as the worldMitchell around it readily available to all parents at less genergulf wherefar as the St. Lawrence

was surrounded by high pressure and ally than the cost of ordinary milk."

eliminated.

That is true beyond the Iran's labor is now four times as ef- *"ficient in producing food as it was possibility of question, because:

a third of a century ago, according to

Dr. Rudger H. Walker. Irradiated Sego Milk, in the sealed can, is as surely safe

A survey made by the U. S. Public as if there were no germ of disease in the world. Every

'** Health Service in 193536 disdrop is uniformly rich in all the milk food substances, covered that five percent of the population, of whom half were under the age and is enriched with extra vitamin D. Irradiated Sego

of fortyfive, suffer from some sort of Milk is soft curd milk... more easy for baby to digest

rheumatic disease, such as arthritis, gout, or neuritis. A survey in Massathan ordinary milk.

chusetts in 1929 found that rheumatic disorders was the most common cause It is literally true that no wealth can buy for of chronic illness in persons over forty babies better milk than Irradiated Sego Milk.years of age.

A new method to wipe out German Sego Milk Products Company ** roaches, to take the place of inSALT LAKE CITY secticides, has been successfully tried. Originator of Evaporated Milk in the

Glass tubes were filled with a weak Intermountain West solution of boric acid in water and the Plants at Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

{Concluded on page 531 SEPTEMBER, 1944 529

<2/5S Jckooi cJJaus rovemeit"THE GLORY OF GOD IS INTELLIGENCE "Era

.ioinrobcmnil&a

Mm t mm mm ml M mm wL ifffl mT <1W mW m m m mt, mm pE mm mt mm mt mm, mk Mw> mm mF m% mm m mtMmm

SEPTEMBER, 1944 VOLUME 47, NO. 9

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement

Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward

Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints

September, like January, is a month of beginnings, for with the ringing of school 22, of those school Smith ON1827,SeptemberJoseph year a begin Some Sentence Sermons Heber J. Grant 541 bells,age new the plates received

from which the transof learning. It belation of the Book of hooves all of us, old

Mormon was made. Church -jreatured and young, to resolve

And to testify to the that each year we will truth of his statements The Anthon Transcript—Part IV Ariel L. Crowley 542 learn something new,

relative to the plates, La Which Place Are Your Young People? that we will increase

three witnesses were alMarvin G. Ashton 546 our store of knowledge,

will apply and that we see to them, lowed and Reconciliations: Evidences and is Our LXXXTV—What to learn our what we eight to see and both Personal Obligation for the Salvation of the Dead? that living, daily we three them. handle The 557 A, Widtsoe John find in greater joy may Oliver witnesses were

Cowdery, who acted as Mutual Messages 548 Ward Teaching 562 doing right as we inthe Prophet's scribe, The Church Moves On 550 NoLiquor-Tobacco 559 crease in learning.

David Whitmer, at Priesthood: Melchizedek 558 Genealogy 560

whose father's home The Seventy—.544 Music Page 570

much of the translation Aaronic 561 Executive and Editorial of the Book of MorOffices:

done, and was mon Harris, Martin who Special jreatilured 50Salt NorthLake CityMain 1, Street,Utah. financially been had

helpful in getting the Man's Dependence Upon God Essential to Civilization Copyright 1944 by Muyoung Church started. Levi Edgar Young 544 tual Funds, Inc., a CorThe monument stands Activities of L.D*S, Soldier Groups in Italy poration of the Young

Square, Temple on ImproveMen's Mutual Aylett 547 Assembled E. O. by Salt City, and Lake Association of the ment is Deseret Theater 548 Lauber H. Edwin the or work Avard Christ of Jesus of Church of America's Strangest Early Knowledge Book strikFairbanks. This Saints. All Latterday Francis 552 is Kirkham ing the photograph W. rights reserved. Subscripwork of Jeano OrlanApostate tion year, price, $2.00 o

do. Smith—Part single in advance; FactionsV—LymanFollowingWightthe MartyrdomE Cecil ofMcGavinJoseph 553 20c

The Spoken Word from Temple Square copy.

Richard L. Evans 554, 559

Entered at Post the Editors Hints Exploring the Universe, 564 FrankHandy Office, Salt City, Lake

J. Heber Grant lin S. Harris, Corner, Josephine B. Cook's 529 Jr secondclass Utah, as

A. John Widtsoe 53 Nichols 565 Telefact for matter. Acceptance

in Central Retail ShortSpanish Conquest Paper Wrapping mailing special rate of at Editor Managing E. America, Dr. Charles 567 age in for provided postage Richard L. Evans

the Dibble 535 Teaching Devices After section 1103, Act of OcAssociate Editors Irrigation Problems in Iran, L. War 567 tober, 1917, authorized

Marba C. Josephson M. Winsor 537 Solution to August Crossword July 2, 1918.

William Mulder Books 540 Puzzle 569

Dear Myra, Albert L. Zobell, Your Page and Ours 584 Change of Address:

General Manager Jr 563 Fifteen days'notice reGeorge Q. Morris quired for change of adordering a Associate Manager

include please Lucy G. Cannon L,flitoriau change,stencildress. Whenimpression from a John K. Orton—Retiring Business Manager recent issue of the magaNational Advertising John A* Widtsoe 556 zine. Address changes

Representatives Teachableness Marba C, Josephson 556 cannot be made unless

Francis M. Mayo, the old address as well as

Salt Lake City the new one is included.

Edward S. Townsend, storied,Zoned, ioeimroett The Improvement Era

Francisco San and responsible is not for unPortia Chamberlain There's 549 a Will Where Los Angeles solicited manuscripts, but to Keep, Poetry Christie JefWord 532532 A Bolle, Dougan contributions. and welcomes

fries.552 Frontispiece: the SoliMoroni, Chicago and

Steele tary Scribe, 539 C. F. All manuscripts be must York New

accompanied by suffiMember, Audit Bureau of cient postage for delivery

Circulations ****** setjert*.*. *** * MMjZJLJLA and return.

CIRCULATION FOR THIS ISSUE: 92,000

530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TE1EFACT THE FOOD CONSUMPTION PICTURE (I) [ us -per civilian]

1943 1944 1943 1944 1943 1944 better -tastii CITRUS CANNED FRESH CANNED WHEAT ndwiches!

FRUITS FRUITS VEGETABLES VEGETABLES;:.:.;.::i::::::

PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

So easy to do, too! All you need

EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE isDressing...a bottle theof Durkee'sdelicious dressingFamous

that adds so much pep and flato sandwiches, meat tomato {Concluded [com page 529) sandwiches, egg sandwiches—all

absorbent kinds of withends plugged wads, and Ceveralscale, ofstudiesvaccinesof theagainstuse, onthea largecomvor Rich, sandwiches. golden, easily, mellow pours Durkee's cold the that with mon have showed kitchen. distributedthe around a tubes

has plenty of tang! and body vaccines studied evidence there is no several died in beroaches daysThe for Write EASYTO-DO NEW,

cause they must drink water and apthat they are effective either in reducing sandwich recipes to Durkee's, parently couldn't tell the difference bethe frequency or severity of colds. 2900 5th Street, Berkeley, Calif.

the boric acid solution and tap tween ptfSS IT UPW,THwater. Quinine has been totally synthesized

in the chemical laboratory. Not

I Tero of Alexandria, of the second yet commercially available, this most * * century A.D., described a coin* useful malaria remedy, may lead to a FAMOUS

operated machine which dispensed still better malaria drug through a study water and other liquids. of closely related compounds. VKESSiNG

YOU'LL LIKE THESE FINE QUALITY SHEETS AND CASES

"Spring Maid""Pilgrim"81x99 1.98 81x99...1.49

81x108 2.10 81x108 1.59

42x36 42c 42x36 35c

Order a supply now! They're soft, smooth,

white, and long wearing. Pilgrim is a 128

ZCMI. Salt Lake City, Utah type (128 threads to the inch) and the Spring

Please send the following sheets and cases: Maid Sheets are 140 type. We have all sizes

Quan. Size Price and a fine stock.

Name ZCMI DOMESTICS, STREET FLOOR

Address

Add 2% for tax, ii living in Utah. ZCMI 531SEPTEMBER, 1944

(postu HlftsmiQ WINDY.MESA

By Francine Wheeler Windfurled corn growing tall Si Row on row.

Whole fields of yellow grain Following below.

And inbetween, the running water

Sifts the soil and sand, Adding richness to the beauty Of our land. km

** M'M m COURAGE By B. L. Croft, Jr.

Courage isn't a brilliant dash,

A daring deed in a moment's flash;

It isn't an instantaneous thing,

Born of despair with a sudden spring.

It isn't a creature of flickered hope

Or the final tug at a slipping rope;

But it's something deep in the soul of man

That is working always to serve some plan.

Courage isn't the last resort In the work of life or the game of sport;

It isn't a thing a man can call

At some future time when he's apt to fall; with John Deere If he hasn't it now, he will have it not

When the strain is great and the pace is hot.

For who would strive for a distant goal Roughage Mill Must always have courage within his soul.

Courage isn't a dazzling light

That flashes and passes away from sight; and Feed It's a slow, unwavering, ingrained trait

With the patience to work and the strength to wait. Grinder

Courage was never destined for show;

With a John Deere Roughage Mill and Feed It isn't a thing that can come and go;

Grinder on your farm, you can handle your It's written in victory and defeat feedmaking jobs and get maximum returns AndIt's parteveryof histrailhours,a manhismaydays,meet.and his years,

from the feeds you grow. Back of his smiles and behind his tears.

deed: daring than a is more to (l) end chop hay Feed into one

life man's of breath and It'sCouragethe a strong and silos. into the Feed hamand roughage (2) fill creed.

mer mill end and (3) you grind shelled and ear - grain. in small Feed roughage one corn and EVENING MY regThe Above: into grain the other have end and and (4) you John Deere Hudelson Reynolds mixer. 10By Bertha a feed Mill, ularHammer

inch and 1 4-inch is tasks with day, homely at last, sizes. The feeds in processed Homegrown a John done!

liverelished Mill are eaten and Deere.,Mm by the is filled mellow with cheerful room Our

stock. light,

Sue, eagerly I take book of my::-:':-:-:::<::;: And Built in 10and 14inch sizes with wagon III endless, might. steady pioneer with Brave

box or sacking feed collector. "Please, Mother, help me! What's the predicate?"Below:TheJohn

Deere 6-inch mill His for operation he explanation and argument with With For Straight Grinding stubby finger points to sentence four. 2- to 7-H.P. elecis right, not that ran Concedes tric motors. at Low Cost floor! the noun

John Deere builds, in 10inch and 14The heroine works in her cabin room inch sizes, a lowcost, fastworking hamAtone!—Two cautious braves creep

mer mill, also a 6-inch hammer mill dethrough the wood!

signed especially for use with electric "Quick, Mother!"Mollie gasps, "what does

motors. X mean?

I don't think algebra does any good!"

steal red is conquered, and the men the door. See Your John Deere TheUnnoticed,X open silent, toward

Dealer "Oh,coat!Mother,"Daddy calls, "I snagged my

Could you take time to mend it, dear, before

"I stitch. fingers nimbly go?"Accustomed VrfVi&ftt TlC1 IE1DC1 leaves; done, run... the children work He

into the Indians leap their Moline, Illinois TheSue'sto bed. quick defense, room!shock—II misssleep

instead. 532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DAYS By Helena W. Larson YOU WILL DELIGHT IN ITS BEAUTY...

This has been a lovely day, Though my heart was sad.

Now I look back over it It's one I'm glad I've had, For I found hope.

Heartbreak made a shelter here.

Many tears came, too.

Yet tonight relief has come, Joy in things I do, For I found faith.

So I never know the kind Any day may be.

I'll look forward doubting naught,

Hope eternally, For I found joy.

And on some gray tomorrow When everything's gone wrong Again I'll think it lovely, End it with a song, When I find you.

TEARS

By Miranda Snow Walton T did not know the why of tears, until

Today I saw the earth washed clean with rain; Then I learned that tears, like rain, can bring

Refreshing peace to hearts long parched with pain.

WESTERN BALLAD

(Song of New Spain) By John Sherman Walker Quaint, dulcet chime of a mission bell

In the southland At sunset toll, Long, weary sigh of a padre slow

Treading drouthsand And thorny knoll;

Melodious words that softly flow

In eve's greeting Then sweetly fade, The golden voice of a nightingale

Brings a fleeting First serenade; Our peacetime tradition for creating fine virgin wool

The swirl and stomp of impassioned feet blankets is carried on in the beautiful 1945 Vogue. It is

In bolero plaza bright; loomed by the same men and women whose woolwork- On

Audacious click of the castanet, ing skills won for them the coveted ArmyNavy "E"

A vaquero award for excellence in war production. While war orders

light; laughter Sends come first at Wool O'the West, these artists in wool

caballero's of spurThe jingle Through the patio present the Vogue, a fine virgin wool blanket that carries

While stars glow white, all their peacetime pride of quality. Ask to see the

guitar and lowA tinkling song of Spain Vogue in these four harmonizing colors: Peach, Blue, to Lending charm

The southern night. Green and Dusty Rose. Lovers of Jacquard patterns: Ask

k to see the Wool O'the West NETHERLANDS blanket.

FACES HI ii | By Elaine V. Emans I-.} '-M.':.'- '"'- '

love faces for the good I I see there more than features; some

Wear patience, having long withstood

A trial, and some, for trials to come, is friendliness there courage;Bear For finest women's wear, ask your dealer to show you "Woo/ O'fhe West'Fabrics. than one dreams,Waiting a friend, more

And faith grown rugged under stress, Styled in Hollywood and distributed by M. Blumberg & Co., Los Angeles, Calif.

And peace, and now and then it seems

There is unuttered song or mirth.

faces there are sometimesAnd grown PORTLAND WOOLEN MILLS PORTLAND 3, OREGON

Beautiful having men's from known

And walked and talked with God on earth.

SEPTEMBER, 1944 533 Another manpowersaver is figuring how to work the simplest, most direct way.

Twentyeight years ago, Safeway people started to improve old methods of getting goods from producer to the consumer. The disWith America's manpower shrunk like a tributioninates needlessmethod"inbetween"pioneered bywaste.Safeway elimshirt wool in boiling water, you farm cases, In some Safeway's actually method folks are hardput. What's the answer? less uses than half required by the manpower

There's no one answer to the farm labor less efficient ways of food distribution.

problem that we can see. But there are Such manpower saving benefits the farmer

various ways in which a business like in more ways than one. It has also helped to

Safeway can help farmers out. reduce marketing costs and increase the farmOne way is to get along with the fewest er's share of the consumer's dollar.

In war or peace, everybody benefits by the men possible—thus make more men available to America's manpower pool that most direct road to market.

farmers must draw from..

Before the war, better than 90% of all SafeSAFEWAY people way were men. Today almost a third of

the neighborhood that manpower has been replaced by womanpower. You've probgrocery stores

ably noticed women doing practically P.S.—Nearly a third of all Safeway store

all the work at the customers are farming people. We invite you

Safeway store near to trade with us for one full month... and

you. compare what you save!

* Plant more dollars into War Bonds! *

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SPANISH CONQUEST in Presenting a Plan for CENTRAL AMERICA Destroying Noxious Weeds

USE

7 %bote ><?

Thesourcestorymaterialof ouron morethe habitsauthenticand customs of the Central American CARBON natives is both interesting and paradoxical. This is true because the very people who were most active in destroyingthe vestiges of Indian culture were also BISULPHIDE

concerned with the beliefs of these same (not a spray)

Indians.

It is to be remembered that the conwith quest of the New World has been

Crusade."the "Lasttermed

object was to reach the East Mack's AntiWeed Gun Its avowed in the rear.... Islam Indies, as to take so

the (a real tool) it against short, the In Crusade was

Moors which was to be continued by a new and surer route. It was by way of the Indies Inject this volatile chemical into the soil, kill

mortal blow. to a Islam that be dealt was

and the roots and your weed troubles are over. Bertrand o} Spain, by History {The

Petrie.) Free illustrated Booklet 212-P tells all. No

During their first meetings Cortez time like the present for starting the program.

took great care to explain to Montezuma the essentials and advantages of the Way of the Cross. Montezuma reWHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER, 636 California St., San Francisco

plied that Christianity was all very well,

Indians gods that had their thebut with Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches

satisfied; they were they had theirwhom

concept of the creation and a plan of salvation. These early conversations

presaged struggle and conflict between

It!the two ways of life. How They Love

Royal Bread is a year 'round treat with youngsters.

And the extra vitamins and iron in Royal Enriched

Bread help supply the energy they need. /'"

TEXCOCO TEMPLES OF THE INDIAN WERE ROYAL BAKING CO. 1524 IN DESTROYED

Salt Lake and Ogden As a means of converting to ChrisMore Than Fifty Years of Service tianity, the early missionaries set about and Progress to destroy the visual symbols of Indian religion—the temples and the Listen to "Sam Adams. Your Home Front Quartermaster"every Monday. Wednesday and

codices. The systematic destruction of Friday—KSL—9:30 A.M.

documents by Juan de Zumarraga in

Mexico and Diego de Landa in Yucatan is typical of the methods employed. know and understand the customs and the doctor (the missionary) cure his

After the destruction of what were practices of the natives. Bernardino de sick (the idolatrous) without knowing

termed the symbols of idolatry and after Sahagun, an early missionary whose thoroughly the cause of the ailment."

the conversion of many natives to writings are extremely valuable, menShortly after the conquest, Diego de

Christianity, it became apparent that tions his religious zeal for converting Landa burned innumerable documents.

there was no way of knowing the exthe idolatrous Indians to Christianity as Although condemned for the act by tent to which old beliefs had been abanone of the reasons which led him to modern historians, he is thanked by the doned. There resulted a noticeable efstudy their ways. He explains in the same critics for a careful and detailed

fort on the part of the missionaries to prologue of his writings: "Little can study of the Maya Indians of Yucatan.

SEPTEMBER, 1944 535 H

X

%-x-:**';'.:::: V5,.,::v: ---.:::::>::y'';;SJ*,#?

>*#sr

joking. wasn't all My wife

</& y*r She said that a real new car improvement would be to go easing sideways, right into a cramped parking space at the curb. I said jits

yes—maybe in 1960. There's one swell improvement though, that's here already!—an

oilplated engine! You get that immediately by switching to Conoco N motor oil.

I don't say it's, the only oil; they're not

hiring me. But I had this engine oilplated

around 1941. It's still running like a darb,

using Conoco N#* oil all the while, to cut down damage from engine acids. If I know

what I've read all through this War, the acids made by every engine are liable to cause corrosion inside. That's bad. But

acids don't like oilplating—can't gnaw

right through it. It's fastened real close or

sort ofplated onto working parts that you've got to protect till your new car comes. And

oilplated engine you'll the then want even MOTOR oil, the N*A as in the same with Conoco car you've got right now. OIL

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be carried to the surface by an underthe water to cease flowing, unless reis channel. ground kilopairs are This time. from ten Fretime to from made:naaliontit lohle forty meters to kilometers as far as quently from the the owners permit and kanot froOiem6J

located. There they start to dig in. so that the small owners may be pushed IN IRAN the point where the ground water is the village to go into ruin on purpose, They burrow a tunnel by slow, laboout and their rights can be confiscated.

rious hand digging, elevating the spoil After a few years of abandonment, one to the surface, through wells dug at inof the stronger proprietors will make

By L M. WINSOR tervals of from ten to thirty meters. As repairs to the kanot and rebuild the vilDirector-General of Irrigation, Iran the digging progresses, the tunnel is furlage. Then the peasants come back, and

ther and further below the surface. It is the cycle starts over again, usually with

not infrequent that these kanots pene- a single proprietor or nominal owner.

have been ambitious to make a real trate to depths of more than a hundred In a few years he may have a whole start at improving the irrigation meters, and one kanot may require the series of villages and become very

I situation over here, so I have stayed constant work of twenty years to comwealthy. Then he and his family indulge

longer than I had planned when I came. plete. in riotous living, usually in Teheran.

are dies, There these of thousands on, title passes his he many to When It in longer to takes much do things in Iran. kanots family, in ruin. is divided. are and the Some Usually

itthe than East does at home, so we that occurs ultimately Damage causes (Concluded on page 573) is there allowances,have and to make so much to do. But I have the satisfaction of actually doing some of the things

that have been under consideration for centuries. - - I find it very fascinating to work over TRAINING the projects that were in operation more than thousand two years ago and that for the postwar world only of great expanses desolaare now tion, because the water is no longer in the canals. I have found remnants of Your best assurance of security and advancescores of ancient structures that were ment in government or private industry after

magnificent, gigantic. There are numthe war is thorough training in office work.

erous locations where diversion damswere built of cut stone masonry using Get your training now—day or evening—at

stones as big as an automobile. There the L. D, S. Business College. Register and ne&mbtem

are very few signs of storage dams of begin classwork at any time. "SiTicienf School

any consequence.

The one system that has persisted throughout the centuries and that has L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGEkept Iran alive, is the unique method

of utilizing underground water by means of kanots (ghats) which are under- L. D. S. Business College

ground infiltrative galleries with tunnels 70 North Main, Salt Lake City 1, Utah theleading to surface to supply, by employment servicegravity, for water lands at a lower elePlease; livingtell mearrangementsabout your fordayoutof-townor eveningstudentsclasses;Q. tuition rates;

vation than the level of the ground Remarks:

water table. The Persians locate the

water by digging a well far up the slope Name:

of an alluvial fan, then they determine Address by crude methods where the water may

Preferred Risks'Saving 20% on Fire Insurance!

The GENERAL Insures Preferred Risks 2 Fire on % only—Saving Insurance GENERAL

risks the pay for BAD Why should GOOD INSURANCE CO oi question has answered. accept They GENERAL fireAMERICAinsurance risks?ONLYThatthe isbetterthe

risks. Losses are less. The savings thus effected have consistently been reOFAMERICA

turned these dividends—andto business dividends and Wome&ffice to have"Preferrednever Risk"been lesspolicyholdersthan 20% I in Thisthe formplan appliesof

residential properties.

Is YOUR Property a Preferred Risk?

Ask your GENERAL Agent—Today

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF AMERICA

CO. INSURANCE FIRST NATIONAL OF AMERICA 'S SENERAt SEATTLE..Home Office: H. K. DENT, President.

UtahSouthern Idaho Service Office, Pacific National Life Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

SEPTEMBER, 1944 537 i., <**, GET READY TO SERVE t,UNGUAPHONE

The world needs the peace of the restored Gospel. You can have no grander purpose than to carry its message

to the people. "You cannot be really at home with the inside of people's minds unless you can think in thair

language/'

OPPORTUNITIES

Administrators Dietitians Interpreters SPEAK Inspectors Teachers Exporters LErVRH Supervisors Censors Importers

Engineers Relief Workers Salesmen ANOTHER Radio Experts Health Workers Office Managers wricrty Executives Social Workers Doctors easily/ Secretaries Writers Nurses quickly.

by Prepare new to be among the first preferred

astonwith master a foreign language time you can now In Your Home in spare Own UHGUAPHOItt their teachers, of to native voices the you LISTEN brings you ishing Linguaphone ease.

clear, easy CONVERSATION. You follow what they say with your EYES on the text;

before you are actually aware you repeat what your teacher is saying and are really conversing. It's as simple as learning the words of a song.

ENDORSED by EDUCATORS... Used by Thousands... Some of 29 LANGUAGES TO CHOOSE FROM:

the foremost educational authorities, in the United States and abroad, SPANISH NORWEGIAN HINDUSTANI MALAY AFRIKAANS endorse the Linguaphone Method as the easiest way to learn to speak PORTUGUESEFRENCH SWEDISHFINNISH PERSIANBENGALI MODERNCHINESE HEBREW LATINGREEK a new language. More than a million homestudy students of all ages ITALIAN CZECH ARABIC JAPANESE ENGLISH

HAUSA IRISH SYRIAC RUSSIAN GERMAN and walks of life have been benefited by this world famous method. ESPERANTO BURMESE EFIK POLISH DUTCH

LEARN in PRIVACY or IN GROUPS... It is easy, rapid and fun to ComeListeningforBooths,a FREE HEARDEMONSTRATION—a complete lessonIn thebyprivacyLinguaphoneof one—of Youour

learn a new language by the Linguaphone EarEye Conversational will enjoy itl

Method, in privacy, in the family circle or with a group of friends and fellowworkers. One Linguaphone set of records is all that is DESERET BOOK COMPANY

Salt Lake City, 10, Utah East South Temple Streetneeded—extra textbooks at small added cost. 44

Write for a catalog.

Visitors to the Hill Cumorah are often struck with the beauty of the monument and the beauty of the hill in its eminence from the surrounding countryluxuriant miss the side. Many ofdm

that sea- {lowers beauty of the sonally blossom in abundance on the hilt. This unusual photograph of the Hill Cumorah was

taken by Frances Neff.Th* Solitary

ByMfo C F. STEELE

. eJ till is the earth. The waning sun

Lights the opening avenues o night,

And the wistful winds drift through the trees

Like spirit wanderers.

Sloping gently from Cumorah's Hill

The landscape, torn with ditches deep,

Darkens as the sun departs.

The stillness is a shroud:

No voice of husbandman, no mother's lullaby,

No song of children greets the ear;

No sound save the whispering of the winds

And the call of birds Seeking a resting place.

In a cavern manmade for refuge,

In Cumorah's sheltered side, a log is blazing;

The flames cast furtive lights about the strange retreat,

Revealing a stone of bulk and smoothness race, Its pattern shaft vivid the of the lost figure in thought there a seatedAnd

Its star fadeless of Bethlehem. the pinnacle deftness of tutored hand. born with writing aAnd

He pauses, his eyes turn from his task toward So from the pen of this sad scribe

The leaping flames. These luminate a face The chapters grow, writ in plates of gold;

Of sorrow fathomless, noble of profile, yet furrowed The hours advance, and in the quiet sky

By some mighty tragedy. His eyes flash as they pierce The wan, white moon moves silent in its course.

The halfdarkness of the cave, then soften as they Midnight passes; the scribe still writes;

Turn aloft for light. The first rose flush of dawn

sky, the eastern and with the falling is this secreted and alone, Arches of grief, manWho the task is done. Of the dew princely brown? ofThis man

Alas, 'tis he, sole remnant of his race Burns low the fire; the embers die;

Moroni, the solitary scribe; The sun climbs higher in the sky;

Moroni the prophet, patriot, patriot's son, Forth from the cavern steals the weary scribe

Moroni, the consecrated one, Bearing the precious plates.

Girt with the armor of the Lord, He scans the waking world, then hastens

The God of Lehi, Nephi, Alma, and his noble sire; To a sturdy cavity of stone

This is Moroni, hidden from the prowling Lamanites, Wherein are placed the plates of gold,

Who seek his life. Their hosts have triumphed The sword of Laban, and the shield,

On the battlefield and Nephite legions, The Thummim of the seers, the gift of God,

Men of all degree, bowmen, spearsmen, swordsmen, There to repose until God's voice

Captains, all, now lie uncounted where they died, Shall call them forth.

Their wives, fair daughters of the onceproud Zarahemla,

Are cold in death, ravished by the foe, their children Fear is lifted from the prophet's countenance,

Falling too before the sword, He kneels in prayer, then draws

Innocents yet victims of this culminating curse. His robe about him and with hasty step

Leaves Cumorah by a hidden path.

Erase the scene, O God of heaven, Now the solitary scribe is lost to view

This fearful harvest of a nation's guilt! Lost in the forest's unfrequented depths;

Let it be lost in full forgetfulness. There till the summons home shall come

And yet this cannot be; He roams the melancholy earth alone with God.

The past must needs be bared to guide the children

Of the present day who, if they ape the foolish dead,

MustHistory—whatreap in turnis it,thepray?fruits of sin. DedicatedJ. Grant, whoto PresidentofficiatedHebevat the

A monument of Truth, enduring, tall, dedication of the Monument

Austere it stands, the Testament of Time; to Moroni at Palmyra, New

Its base set in the rock of changeless law, York, Sunday, July 21, 1935.

SEPTEMBER, 1944 539

BookA, HOW TO BE WELL (Leah D. Widtsoe. Deseret Book Co., Salt

Lake City. 1943. 576 pages. $2.00.)

This book offers an insurance on health and happiness, and no one will wish to miss even one instalment on that insurance.

The subtitle gives an insight into the great value of the book: "A health handbook and

cookbook based on the newer knowledge of nutrition."

Divided into two parts, the author has treated many various topics. Some from

part one which indicate the practicality and upto-date quality of the book are: The

Role of Vitamins in Nutrition; Weight

Control; Building Menus for Health; two

chapters on proteins—with an especially

good one of meat substitutes; Vegetable

Cookery; Healthful Desserts; School or

Business Lunches; part two deals with the

art of entertaining and other special features of gracious living. The appendix of the

book is extremely valuable, for it consists of a table which indicates at a glance the vitamin and mineral content of foods.

When we learn that the nation's nutrition experts early in this war stated that "one third of our people are getting food entirely inadequate to maintain good health,"and that "less than one fourth of us are getting a good diet,"we can see the importance of having this book How to Be Well in every home. M. C. J.

Bibliography of Works on Mormonism Published by B.Y.U.

THE July Messenger, published by the Brigham Young University will be of interest and prove of great help to all serious students of Mormonism. It is "A Practical Bibliography of Works on Mormonism,"

compiled by the Division of Religion at the Church university in Provo,

Utah.

A convenient list of many works on Mormonism, it is regrettable that the unit is considers, not complete, but - as in FehNaptha 1 generally speaking, the only titles of works readily available. It is hoped

that the list will to inbe expanded Take it from Junior—'there's nothing like a white shirt. clude dealing all works with MormonIt does something to a guy.'Surveying the immaculate ism.A classification according to subexpanse below his Adam's apple, who could say that jectfollowingmatterheadings:has been Biography,made underDocthe

trine, The Church, History, PriestJunior overstates the case? hood and Church Government, Scriptures, Why Mormonism?, MiscelNaturally, the washday labor that produces his snowy Bookslaneous of Works,Reference,Handbooksand Currentand

shirts, doesn't concern Junior. It's only one of the LatterdayA copy ofSaintthis newPeriodicals.and handy bibliminor miracles that any boy with a doting Mother ographyevery publichas libraryalready inbeenthe sentnation,to

takes as a matter of course.,?.<- everygeneral,schoolstake,libraryand wardin Utah,officersarid toin

the Church. The Brigham Young

But we know a great many women who Universitycopy of thiswouldnew publicationbe glad to withoutsend a say that for turning out whiter washchargethe prefaceto anyonesays, thisuponcompilationrequest. willAs

surely useful- "prove to busy officers ing—with less work—'there's nothing of and members the Church."

like FelsNaptha Soap.'

CORTEZ THE CONQUEROR (Elizabeth Cannon Porter. Dorrance and

Co., Inc., Philadelphia. 415 pages. $2.50.)

This novel based on the history of Hernan

Cortez has much to recommend it for those who prefer to get their history in ( Concluded on page 569FELSNAPTHA SOARJanishes TattleTale Gray'540 ERA THE IMPROVEMENT

Jome Sentence J)eermons

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

were the teachings of my mother? To be diligent and What

true and faithful in every labor that I undertook; that when I worked for an

individual I should endeavor to give value received. A great many people engaged in the battle of life try to see how little they can do. Let me tell you

that success in life comes from trying to see how much you can do, and the more you can do, the greater will be your capacity. Exercise the arm, and it

becomes strong. Exercise the mind, and it becomes strong. Endeavor always

to be prompt in fulfilling every obligation that you make, and then it becomes second nature to be prompt.

I want to tell you that no one loses anything by gaining the respect of those with whom he comes in contact. It pays to have them feel that you are

working for them, that your interest is in them. You let a teacher find out that

you want to please him, that you want to do more, if possible, than he wants you to, and he will never forget it. Let your employer find that out, and he

will never forget it

I want to say that as a coldblooded business proposition the difference between success and failure in the battle of life can quite frequently be traced to the amount of money spent for tea, coffee, tobacco, and liquor by those who make a failure. Each and every one desires to succeed mentally, physically,

and financially, and one of the greatest financial assets that a person can have is to let alone those things that destroy the body and the brain.

No matter how powerful the testimony or what inspiration there is in it, unless the person listening has a receptive mind it makes very little impression. It is a good deal like planting good grain in barren soil. I have known

of cases where men have gone away from a meeting ready to get up a mob to mob an elder, while the same sermon touched the heart and converted somebody else to the gospel.

Do not look forward to a life of care and trouble and anxiety, but look only to the duties and responsibilities of a single day, and by performing the duties each day that rest upon you, the burdens will be light, notwithstanding all the sorrow that may come into your life and the many things that may be hard for you to bear.

We cannot give others a testimony any more than we can do their eating and drinking for them.

Jke (L-dito?5 jaqe

SEPTEMBER, 1944 54V VL ANTHON TRANSCRIPT

Part IV By ARIEL L CROWLEY, LLB.

'4I 4/?f—& 45 44.43 n

fffc. 57Cl56?5S5 tilt53 51 / Jft"59 "I'iS'U58 hr fe/64 63l

A

* - 88 87 8fc S)5,'94 93 92 l-LS 90 *9 U 4, & 'To 777S

< T '—* **"Cl O* '- C)) at

> & -*..rv (ft S Tt S t iS or?-sl'- 2 s—'sfsilrf So Sr '2:2:2:i.

jtM * 2 5"? So 2 i. m

THE ORIGINAL TRANSCRIPT PHOTOGRAPHED

The copy of characters made by Joseph Smith previous articles in this series ( See a serious obstruction to identification. 5 fromIndependence,the engravedMissouri.plates. Now preserved at

INThe Improvement Era, January, FebCommencing in a bold hand in the top ruary, March, 1942) the Anthon lefthand corner, the transcript proceeds

Transcript was examined historically* in a progressively diminishing manner sought out Griffith's photograph of RyPapyrus Geldbezahlungsschrift lands end cramped minute, somewhat the to comparatively** and document, to as his Erichsen 12, which made from No. rightin the lower line seventh the of the of characteristics Egyptian as the to

is "Erichsen's copy reported, copy, and it slip which small on of the corner hand it. (Fig. 1.) in appearing symbols original. in the false."appeared dot size No in apdeclension is written. With of problem ensuing immediately The hardly this however, discovery, Even of indistinctness proportionate pears a difficulty. peculiar is of translation one the of existence the against militates nearof confusion to easy leading shape the include factors Its complicating

it since papyri, in character some characters. similar ly Prophet the of Jounfamiliarity known earliest the in of also one clearly occurs the be added factors must these To in 1827, script Egyptian with Smith seph conas Budge* Dr. described works'by of misreading, peril inconsiderable not be these others. may Among and many wellarranged valuable taining and "a repin inaccuracy consequent with right left to unusual the noted especially

all important the collection most of all besets which a resentation, hazard this a copy, in making adopted method hitherto characters enchorial of groups copyists. method, Egyptian normal the reversal of

sethat deciphered."1 adds Young He misreading of instance peculiar of A MorBook The as noted Webb. by texts enchorial which these lected "from miscopying, error, or mere resultant and script the that warning itself gives mon

2 himself, and by published been had by of in preparation its appearance made the in altered progressively used was from Kosegarten, and Champollion and 1, Fig. 15, Character No. this study. of times the from transmission of course from received letters 8 had he which letter inverted an of the form has which learned. the Lehi of contents the describing Champollion it, preappears inside dot with a "V"the Prophto chargeable Distortions

et's unfamiliarity with the characters he cisely reproduced in W. Erichsen's unpublished papyri at Paris."

copied and his unskilled hands are Demotische Lesestucke,"one of the If Erichsen erred, and Young erred sometimes easily cognizable,* but in latest and best compilations of demotic in this identical matter, it is of course other instances less apparent constitute texts. In the exercise of due caution, possible that Joseph Smith erred also,

request was made to Dr. George R. thus placing interpretation of the mean1942, January Era, 'Improvement p. H Hughes, demotist in the Oriental Ining of this particular character out of 150 p. 76; March, "February, p.

1915, N.Y., JR. Mormonism, Against Case Webb, ercheck Similar to possibility. Chicago, of University stitute, of the bounds

23 p. charothers. finding, with this With 9:32 in Tattam. p. 39 H. "Rudiments."Young, Thos. Mormon8 I 1:4 1:2; Mosiah Nephi graciousness Hughes Dr. Dictionary, acteristic 78 1942, p. Feb. Era, 6, Improvement 5 4Figures and I, I, Vol. p. Dictionary, Budge, E. A. fSir 1830W. 191, 190, 138, 139, 1. Characters alia Fig. inter 'See 1920 London. II. 3 line 30. 1, p. Heft 1939. "Leipzig, Vol. 205 204 and

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the old, were engaged in altering and

THE ANTHON TRANSCRIPT ing.abbreviatingIn Egypt,theirthe writingmethodsbecameof engravmin-

acquisition of costly February, personal 1942, in and his the January, to some form, in size,"in shortened ute and IN library of his findings works. The result issues Improvement of The March his study Muller, in Dr. that the point

herewith. to date are published arthree of series As to there appeared a Era, calls Institution, for the Carnegie is made in his or opinion the task not whether the ticles Anthon on L. Crowley by Ariel

deof always it a "kind stenography his completed, quote own words: we dealing Transcript, with and a critical

comparative study of the characters "In reply to your question as to pending much on the context"and adds themselves, and "identifying them as whether or not I feel that the end of this that "like all kinds of stenography, it that has been reached, study photographic comparison I must say Egyptian"by clearness safe conabsolute needs and a it, I transcript with it has see characters the can not of do EgypAs I now than After text to more be readable.""further until the nothing Transcript engravings with papyri, tian monuments, and

reproduced in accredited Egyptian more material is accessible. The correct a century of close study the demotic enworks. route now lies, in my opinion, in a detergravings on the Rosetta Stone itself are

The publication of a fourth article was mination of the condition of demotic still regarded as "extremely difficult"that time, to deal in 600 with writing at B.C. Every comparison contemplated

easternhemisphere or not demotic and as requiring much to be done bewhether the subject of made with the symbols of the Anthon Transcript could be writing of a later date must be in some fore the writings can be fully explained translated into meanings that would not degree illusory. The only way known to philologically.M

difficulty this to get around inconsistent with the of Morme Book be It must not be imagined that even the time in the British spend this phase of context. Research some on Museumis to mon

the series, continued beyond the publicaexamining the documents which date to hieroglyphic writing can be read easily tion of the last three articles, has been the seventh century B.C. and earlier.... with certainty. On the contrary, Dr.

pursued by the author on his own initiaSome day I hope to be able to say that Budge has taken care to state in the inthis concluded study, of have tive expense time and we and at his own but that troduction to his Egyptian Dictionary presently at involving travel, is not hand."involving Ed. day and money,

that "the exact meaning of many words is unknown, and can only be guessed at by the context."

rors committed by celebrated Egyptochanging streams of writing in Egypt.

difficulties face the Perhaps which If the pointed Sinai finds are of the times prototypelogists have been many 10 to decipher attempt a variant any EgypButin 11 the the engravings Plates, the Brass 8 Edgerton, onout, as by Hughes, and many others. point of divergence is much, perhaps tian script can be well illustrated in the

efforts published Erman, of Dr. who centuries, ten earlier."it difficulties, these of 20 Regardless

after his Egyptian many Grammar is, a possible to say whatshould be, and {Continued 576) page on the Lehite "Crom migration of 600 B.C. characters of thesubstantial number

Britannica, 9, 11th p. 64 Ed., Vol. to the at destruction the Cumorah, disprototypes, in their Egyptianmean Philae. Bilingual Muller, Decrees of Max "Encyclopedia1TW. 1"scribes of the like those new world, 1920, of Washington, p. 5 created alterations of meaningregarding

18/6W. by Nephite scribes, as distinct from "Butin, op. cit. 1BLondon. 1920. p. Hv

alterations of script. "Mormon 9:32 A, Erman, Aegypttsche Grammatik. Berlin, 1911

Careful examination of the transcript discloses that unless the characters are in some manner of vocalization intended Anthoc> Transcript Sirrai Script Meroitic Notes and References to express Hebrew words, a thing wholpossibility ofly within the bounds Grimme, pj. XXI, no. 354, Harvard, p. 53

discovery the 1:2 and of I Nephiview in *.TfiY v*

pi. XXII, no. 352, Harvard, p. 48of the Egyptian forebears of the de- L 19 L Grimme,

veloped Hebrew alphabet in Sinai,"the

Grimme, pi. X, no. 347a; Harvard Table to as intended takencharacters must be 14 + t of conabsence ideogrammatic. Thebe

Petrie, Researches, pi. 124formity with known laws of demotic 2> 38 i?

grammar Harvard, p. 48,,

construction.trary seems to preclude any con- H '98 \

of an ideogrammatic theory The 76 9 Grimme, pl. XXV, no. 358; Harvard, pi. 8 is strongly supportedsense by the pres- 3

ence in the Egyptian grammar begun by 96 Grimme, pl. XXII, no. 348

the Prophet Joseph Smith in later years.2') Harvard, p. 37of a considerable number of the charac- 7

ters which appear in the transcript, each p. 37with several ideogrammatic meanings e n e Harvard,

is also theory Thisappended. Grimme, pl. XII, no. 352

declaration of supported v> 72. 1rby the Book Mormon

that adopted characters used were the 23'4 Grimme, pl. XIV, no. 353; Karanog, p. 139 of interestin the of conservation space. 13 f XV

Grimme, pl. XVI, no. 351; Karanog, p. 129 The seven lines of the transcript rep- 6 60 o

resent in point of time a divergence of at least a thousand years from the **W? 103 <2> Grimme, pl. XXI, no. 354

Ph.D.. Robert Hughes, The Nature of "Geo. pl. XXI, no. 354

ic 1942 Chicago, Land Leases. Demot- e P Grimme, 1932 Studies. London, Edgerton, 10Prof. W. F.

in Inscriptions, Serabit F. Butin, uRomain The pl. XXIV, no. 349 93 Theological Review, Jan. 1928Harvard $ Grimme, * Altsinaitischen BuchstabeninGrimme, Hubert Die

schriften,"MormonBerlin,9:32 1929; Butin, op. cit. supra. i 204 * H Grimme, p. 9, Griffith Karanog, p. 18, no. 13

A COMPOSITE FOR COMPARISON MADE BY i (58 I Grimme, p. 9

TRACING AND HAND COPY FROM 1 TEXTS AND PAPYRI A 105 -? Grimme, Table

Grimme, Table 1 SEPTEMBER, 1944 o 7 e 33 Grimme, pl. IV, Karanog, p. 136

Man's Dependence upon God The writings of the Essential Greeks still live, and generations of the future will read the plays that were enacted on the stages of the Greek theaters. Fortunate are

the boys and girls who are directed to the tragSince, however, there is one purpose to edy of Antigone by every city, it is evident that the education

Sophocles or the masmust necessarily be one and the same in all terpiece of Aeschylus, cities; and that the attention paid to this

the Prometheus Bound. should be common. At the same time, also,

Nearly every school no one ought to think that any person takes boy has recited at the care of the education of his children sepaclose of some eventful rately, and privately teaches them that pargraduation day the ticular discipline which appears to him to be words of Alcaeus (580 proper. But it is necessary that the studies

B.C.): of the public should be common. At the same

that to think also, any ought no one state? time, constitutes a What that particular, but in to citizen belongs him battleraised high Not

for city; each citizens the to belong all the or labored ment, mound,

Thick wall or moated individual is a part of the city. The care

gate; and attention, however, which are paid to

Not cities fair, with spires each of the parts, naturally look to the care

No:—Men,and turrets highmindedcrowned; andsomeattentionone mayofpraisethe whole.the Lacedaemonians;And for this,

men, for they pay very great attention to their

With powers above dull children, and this in common. It is evident,

brutes endued. be established that laws should therefore,

forest, In brake, or den, it should education, and that concerning beasts rocks excel cold As and brambles rude: be made common.

Men who their duties know, A ristides, another Greek philosopher

But know their rights, and ** of ancient days, declared that maintain; dare knowing, nor porches theaters, walls, "Neither GREEK VASE, the longPrevent states, but makes equipage MUSEUM500ATB.C.,ROME.IN POSTHE senseless VATICAN

blow, aimed SIBLY MADE IN THE TEMPLE OF themupon to rely are able who men ATHENA. tyrant, the crush And which is stated a truth Herein selves."the while they rend

chain. the ordinary person of today misses, for

state or nain there are laws more hisof In Aristotle reading human beginning B.C.) the (350 and to less know on thetion, come the men has or all for subject the of aim education people ultimateFromtory, man the of aillaws important the most sense

to came high the the low, the rich for God. quest and and the Man been a counof a laws unwritten the namelythis earth adorned with a divine body poor alike—we almost feel that we are try. There is the domain of selfimposed

inexhaustwith a studying enriched of theory modern and mind whatand calls Aristides the old Greek which edulaws and sustenance cation for bodily in shouldible resources says be. He his Comlaw, It realm of is the attention. to our

everystimulus. Studies: munity madespiritual "He hath of life of principles follows wherein a man

hath time; also his he in beautifulthing right's sake. for right of matter as a therefore, one, the that can doubt No hath heart."their in "Godset the world writers philosophers and Greek The legislator principally to the attend ought to his constitution upright."By manmade of concepts in their heights the to rose

this cities in of youth. education For where mishigh a position had earthly manand lived but ever truth. people have No is politics injured. neglected, the are For unbeen has he before set him andsion bein faith power some have had what to state according every governed ought be the his of influence by the Makerder finite understanding. their own yond its the since nature; to appropriate manners this In thought his word. holy ofpower great a that power believed They polity, the preserve polity usually of each scriptures.is of the holy unity the Man a to them, nature, and through worked it the establish beginning. Thus from and religious, the worshipis essentially and in every revealed divine power was preserve appropriate democratic manners impelling is universal the andof God rich and the of pulsation wondrously oligarchic establish an and democracy, and the his nature. Sometimes ofimpulse life universe. the of beautiful best the manoligarchy. however, Always, like slowly, descends ofknowledge God to be individually has as Just man polity. Further the of best are the ners cause in tide, oversometimes "an creepinga since the nations, disciplined, so and do arts, are still, there all professions in and glory."of outburst suddenwhelming nations history, of and beginning human to be previously things ought which some

one anwith gone have to war to is reguisite be peoples to which it learnt, and Beauty of Greek Thought subjugate times and other, at to conquer perin order to the accustomed, previously '"Phe GrecoRoman world had its literformance of their several works; so that it is people for selfish reasons; sometimes for

* ature which seemed destined to beevident that it is also necessary in the pracprotection of lands and homes; somecome the literature of European peoples. tice of virtue. times to persecute because of hate, the

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

most terrible feeling that can come to human spirit, every liberation of our extime. "I know that my Redeemer liveth

men. Civilization, it not based on a beistence, every widening of the horizon... and in my flesh shall I see God."

lief in revealed religion, breaks down. of our hopes has been due to the vision

Nations and communities must have a that comes of our divine knowledge that 'T'he famous words of the poet consciousness which must be kept alive God lives in heaven. "In the year that A Milton about great literature are

to the fact that there is an everlasting King Uzziah died,"wrote a Hebrew truest of all when they are applied to difference between the best and the statesman, "I saw the Lord High and the Old Testament—"the precious lifeblood of a master spirit, embalmed and

treasured up on purpose to a life to come."The ancient Hebrews were not

an intellectual people, but their literature has many interests besides those call "religious."dewhich The stern weto Civilization inscrutable "turned purpose of an mands

the creative passions of the Hebrew into [-resident cLeul (L*aaar UJouna narrower channels that the torrent & might rush the more strongly,"says Dr.

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY Wheeler Robinson, reader in Biblical criticism in Oxford University. He continues in forceful words that, "The gain

worst, and that there is a righteousness lifted up."From that vision of a holiof such concentration was the revelafor the nation and for the individual ness beyond, there sprang a new future tion of God."

based upon the everlasting nature of and a new immortality in ancient Israel. Man's place in life is recorded in the

God himself. This is the contribution of It is this vision and knowledge of someeighth Psalm:

more, of thing of beyond, writings something religion the of Israel—the I consider thy heavens, of the work that When

soul evangelists the other look to prophets the old and of the the human makes thy fingers, and the stars, which the moon whichturies—tohaveourbeencommonmade throughlife of today.the centheworld.beginningMan hasof spokenhis adventwith Godon earth.from thouart mindfulhast ordained;of him?Whatand istheman,son thatof man,thou

In the thirtyeighth chapter of Job, we that thou visitest him? For thou hast made

The Holy Bible find Job's wish realized as God himself him a little lower than the angels, and hast speaks in words glorious and beautiful crowned him with glory and honor. Thou

"pHE book of isolated Palestine is the madest him to have dominion over the works of thy hands. of the the out answered Lord * Job Then civilized of today, the of world book

is this said, whirlwind, that darkand Who school home, of the church and book counsel eneth without knowledge? words by from [an heaven, came he goes and lived college. prophets have and The I like will loins for thy de- a Gird man; up M'to heaven. back the centuries As a agents of the they were because thee, of thou me. answer and mand

rolled on, have his given revhas God in destiny. divinely Nothing appointed I laid the thou founwast when Where elations to men. has not separated He is idealistic all majestic history and more if declare, the of earth? dations hast thou

than the messages of the Old Testament understanding. Who hath laid the measures himself from the world nor lightly regarded anyone's need. There is a true

light "that lighteth every man that cometh into the world"—a saying rich

in promise. God is more easily reached

than we sometimes think, and as we reach out life itself, is made more pure, godlike, as it was when we came to earth. In this truth is that happy

Mosque of Omar at Jerusalem, another site sacred to both Moslem and Jew; one of

most important Mohammedan shrines, and in foreground of photograph, exact spot of King Solomon's Temple, and, so likewise revered by Christians.

—Photographs by Underwood & Underwood

concept of man's destiny as described by Wordsworth when he wrote:

Our birth is but a sleep and a forgetting;

The soul that rises with us, our life's Star,

Hath had elsewhere its setting,

And cometh from afar:

Not in entire forgetfulness, And not in utter nakedness, But trailing clouds of glory do we come

From God, who is our home.

The GrecoRoman people never writers down through the ages. God is thereof, if thou knowest? or who hath learned to say: "Thy kingdom come;

our Father, and our individual souls stretched the line upon it. Whereupon are Thy will be done."The powers of

are infinite in power and understanding. the foundations thereof fastened? or who laid heaven will bring man back again, for

thereof; the cornerstone the morning when of the prayer: apostrophe very The

all together, the sons sang and worship Father"shows our of God throughthe Light.the Theages,dawnhe hasof abeennewseekingday is "Our for 38:1-7.) of starsshouted joy? (Job

God, and tells us that we are certain of here. "They that be wise shall shine as

being heard. It is different from the And continuing through four chapters, brightness of the firmament; and they

ancient religions of the Greeks. Every God speaks to Job, and his faith finds anthat turn many to righteousness as the

access of life, every renewal of the swer in the most comforting words of all stars forever and ever."

SEPTEMBER, 1944 IN WHICH PLACE ARE YOUR—YOUNG PEOPLE?—

—Illustrated by

Nelson White

ate place Eli your of in which southern to a Whitney home reBishop, in Bishforget, sulted gin the cotton Don't young people? and a revolution

op, that your young people are just in the cotton industry. Yes, a flock ofas full of human nature as you were at Dm Vvlarvin vJ. fdkton birds flying over the bow of Christopher

their age, and don't forget they crave OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC Columbus'ship, shaped the destiny of pleasure just as much as the young folks America.

anywhere else. Old Dave Harum used amusements, that many of us pick our And you may go on and on. They

to say, "There's as much human nature partners for life. Some fellow who knew tell us there is a beautiful little lake in

in some of us as there is in others, if not what he was talking about on this subthe Yellowstone country located right more."Now, Bishop, that young generaject said, "Education is a good deal like on the divide, and just a gentle breeze

tion in your ward is going to be found eating, a fellow can't always tell which determines whether its water shall flow in one of these two places. If your comparticular thing did him good, but he into the Pacific or the Gulf of Mexico.

munity is not providing wholesome can usually tell which did him harm. It's The streetcar goes north or south or

amusement for these folk, they are going down among the sweets, among his east or west, all determined by the twist to seek it in a "dive."Don't kid youramusements and recreations that he's of the wrist of the motorman as he

self. Bishop, did you ever visit one of going to find his stomachache."Bishop, throws the switch—all done with a little

these latter places? Take your wife with it's down in their sweets that we want rod hanging in front of the car.

you some night and drop in and see to guide them. Are you close to the Yes, lives are made successful or they

what's going on. If you are afraid that youth? Do they feel free enough with are ruined by a twist of our wrists. A

you will be talked about because of beyou that they will tell you their problittle planning on our part determines ing seen in such a place, get an officer lems? Is there a chasm between you great events in the lives of our young

of the law to accompany you. See for and them? If there is, put a bridge over people.

yourself what temptation is here. See it quickly. You are probably old enough Bishop, plan for your young people.

for yourself that men who run these to be a father to most of them, but reThey never needed your kindness and places are more concerned in the dolmember, attitude is what makes you old fatherly guidance more than now. This

lar's profit than they are in the virtue of or young. war has given them problems that you

a boy or girl. Someone has wisely said, Great events in history are the result and the rest of us haven't had. This war

"If you must, bring merriment to the of little things. We have the steam enis making difficult problems for them in

churches, for the devil will furnish it in gine because a sickly lad, James Watt, their love affairs. If ever we should be

hell."In plain American English, if chose one day to "fiddle"with the at our wits'ends in cooperating with

your young people are going to these spout of his mother's teakettle. Printthem, it is now. Get the people of your

roadhouses because dances and such ing came to the world because one John ward to get this vision of things. It will

amusement are not furnished in your Gutenberg accidentally dropped into a cost something, surely, but where better community, you have something for kettle of dye a wooden letter cut alcan we invest our dollars than in the which you must answer. most absentmindedly from a tree, with lives of the finest people in the world?

Did you ever figure what a part a jackknife. We almost stumbled onto What does it profit us if we have a

amusements play in the shaping of our the law of gravity because an apple thousand cattle on a thousand hills and destinies? It's probably true that it is thumped to the ground under the eyes because of our false economy our young

through the contacts we make in our of observing Newton. An innocent visit people are in "dives"and "joints"?

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA greater numbers of L.D.S. boys were

arriving from Zion on foreign duty. Jictiultied Records of May 1944 list more than six

hundred and fifty of our number over

still hundred two are of our members stationedLD.S. SOLDIER GROUPS here to be serving in Italy. Some odd somewhere Africa in North

carried been outside on at of Tunisia

Algiers, Oran, and Casablanca. m Afmca and Jftaliy where organized L.D.S. meetings have At the

Assembled byO.E. Aylett from reports present time other meetings are being

by Ervin Clark and George I. Cannon cepting his assignment and contributing conducted regularly on Anzio Beachhis share to our newlyorganized Tunihead, in Foggia, Naples, Palermo,

Sicily, in Sardinia. and joint Their of of Branch the Church in Africa and Parts sian The Church monthly L.D.S. letter news published Saints. Christ of Latterday Italy of A Jesusworsince January sent 1944 to out was shipful presincere atmosphere and

Theice followingmen and theirrecordeventfulof L.D.S.activitiesservprivate,vailed, andsharingto see thea majorsame sittingsongbook,by a ofovertheeightChurchhundredin April.membersIt wasandstatedfriendsin

from Tunisia until the present time was evidence of the brotherly love this number:

Italianin in the campaign was compiled It in the gospel. servtaught at our was appreciate knowing where We would Brotherpart Ervin Clark and written by ices that to found answer an we the services are held. If being such we have George I. Cannon:by I question, fighting for?""What it am information, can be all available to made

But remember that on this, the Lord's day, Ours is a crusade against evil and remembers with the hope of everyone finding thou shalt offer thine oblations and thy sacgardless of rank or responsibility we a service within his area. Where services

raments unto the Most High, confessing thy must work side by side as brothers, enare not being held and conditions are favorable, start them. find will You your chapsins thy the Lord. unto before brethren and to deavoring teach the the faworld

lain will all give of the you help need. you 59:12.) (D. SC. the of therhood brotherhood and God office This letter file has a now the on from of man. chaplain urging that the L.D.S. services Lord orfrom be admonition an Such

at his ganized so did our war progressed As the to base. American Red Cross men a handful of Mormonprompted

help. always Tunisian Branch. the will with However, the during area chaplaincontact an

month of August 1943, and express to invasion of Italy, meetings were dis- (Concluded on page 567) him their desire to hold L.D.S. services. pensed with, but almost immediately

Permission was granted, and services new L.D.S. group services were going J, Two groups of soldiers under the direction of

Eldin Chaplain Ricks and Chaplain strong. Coo/ey Several in groups sprang up in Tunisia. men Sevenwere instigated in Italy. somewhere Italy since our service diswere men felt 2, the Baptismal in font meeting, and built the cathedral the first in theattended

brought which of that bondstrength persed over such a vast territory and yeargroup.—Reported333 A.D. andbyvisited0. E. Aylett.by Chaplain Ricks'gospel, they the and together,them

looked forward to regular Sunday services in the future. At the next meeting, the ranks swelled to twentytwo,

and a Sunday School superintendency was effected with Brother Ervin Clark, superintendent, Glenn A. Sanders, and

H. D. Hunsaker as assistants, and Ray

D. Jorgenson, secretary. It was inspirational to hear the auditorium filled with

strains of our Mormon hymns and to participate in the discussions devoted to the principles of the gospel. But most

important and of the deepest significance was the partaking of the sacrament and the renewing of our covenant with God. On the first Sunday of each

month was held the customary testimony meeting, and it was here that we would hear many faithpromoting experiences related by our service men and their friends engaged in active combat. Repeatedly the thought was expressed that by putting "on the whole

armor of God"we were able to withstand the evil and wickedness which seemingly prevails; and to make of this

army experience an opportunity to develop spiritually, morally, and mentally.

The meetings prospered and despite the inclement weather or the distance to be traveled, the attendance increased.

The seed which had been sown in August was beginning to sprout, for on the seventh of November a branch was organized with Brothers Robert C. Christiansen, Ervin Clark, and Ray D. Jorgenson voted upon and sustained by the

members to preside over the Tunisian

Branch, with Paul A. Martin, branch

clerk. The services were carried on in

a pleasing manner with each person acSEPTEMBER, 1944 547

DESERET THEATER

Cxpanddxp rctlultlei

By EDWIN H. LAUBER

exJeieret Jkeater fubucltu *Jjirector plans already drawn for during activities theirWithpanding the 194445 drama season, the Deseret Theater announces the winthroughout the coming season, a new any shows contemplated may be conners of the Award Masks for last year. subject will be treated. Such subjects structed or decorated to order.

From the four plays presented, all of as: "Handling Difficult Scenes,""Scene Because of the gratifying growth in

which were great successes, Quality Dramatization,""Directing Tragedy,"attendance to the shows presented by

Street, by James M. Barrie, polled the "Directing Comedy,""Dressing the the Deseret Theater, and because of the

highest vote over Outward Bound, Out Stage,""The Response of the Audiincrease in associate members, a mail of the Frying Pan, and Through the ence,"and "Special Demonstration in {Concluded on page 567)

Night, to win the award for the best Make Up,"will be handled.

play of the year. This play also won This lecture procedure was

awards for Berness Rawlins for directfirst begun last year, and Joing; Lt. John Fetzer, Jr., for scenic deseph F. Smith, Patriarch to the

signing; Edwin H. Lauber, for staging. Church, was numbered among

Deseret Theater Award Masks were those giving lectures.

given to Fred Nickson and Mitzi Poulton for the best acting ( leading role ) JTESIGNED to aid the wards for their roles in Outward Bound and and stakes in presenting

Quality Street. Supporting role winners the finest drama possible, the

were Donald B. Alder and Becky scenery project is being carried

Thompson for their work in Outward out by the Deseret Theater.

Bound and Quality Street. Other Two complete stage sets, deawards were given to Joseph H. Wilsigned, and suitable for each inliams and Elaine Thorpe for their work dividual play in the M. I. A.

SCENE FROM "QUALITY STREET"Handbook of Plays for this in Outward Bound and Out of the Fry'year are being constructed.

ing Pan. This means that two sets for

The 194445 drama season will see any show will be available. A

the Deseret Theater presenting five reasonable rental charge will stage successes instead of its usual be made. All ward and stake

schedule of four. Being considered in drama directors are urged to

the final selection of plays are On Bormake their bookings for use of rowed Time, Dover Road, The Bat, these sets and give their patBerkeley Square, Parlor Maid, William rons the advantage of the finest the Conqueror, Angel Street, Silver staging possible. The settings

Cord, Eve of St. Mark, and Tomorrow are being designed and made

the World. The plays chosen will be by master craftsmen and will

played for six nights with a Saturday be first class, durable, and matinee making seven performances for adaptable to all ward stages.

each production. Joseph H. Williams, Deseret

A new series of lectures on play proTheater board member, is deDESERET THEATER AWARD WINNERS duction is being outlined and will be voting his full time to designTop, left to right: Edwin H. Lauber, Donald B.

given by members of the board of diing, making, and booking of Alder;Thorpe; secondthird row:row: MitziJosephPoulton,H. Williams,Becky ThompElaine

rectors of Deseret Theater. Each week, these sets. Also settings for son; fourth row: Berness Rawlins, Fred Nickson.

548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WHERE THERE'S A WILL a Dm j-oftia K-kambencamberiain

I t would be a fine thing, Mother, if you would do other people's "Probably exploring. New neighborif you didn't have enough work to do!

washing."Roddy stood beside his hood, and all, you know."It was insulting for him to bring that

mother as she was mixing cookies. And then still later: "I must find that washing to you. You spoil that child.

"Why should I do that?"child."Going outside she called, You'll have to give him more chores."

"Mother, I do want a wagon!"This "Roddy Roddy! Rooooddeeeeee!""Angry?"Sara twinkled. "I should

seeming irrelevancy surprised neither "Whooop! Whoooooooopeeeee!"be angry! He wanted the wagon for

of them, except that Sara wondered if from Roddy, a long way down the just one purpose. And the child is a

he wasn't getting just a little too old for street. Sara went inside, satisfied that mechanical 'quiz kid,'Elmer. You will

wagons. Roddy was on his way home. It took have to admit the contraption was in-

"I want one, but I know I can't have him so long to arrive that she went to genious. I know some boys older than

one. the street again. Now he was closer, in he is who couldn't make a wagon out

There was a pause while Sara rolled fact, almost home. But she was speechof those materials, and make the wheels

out the cooky dough. Roddy seized a less. stay on!"

cooky cutter and started punching perHe was pulling a wagon full of "How did he do it?"Elmer's curiosity

fect cookies in the dough. He continued clothes. He was pulling it by the radio got the better of his irritation.

as he cut, "Johnny Gates has a wagon. aerial. The playroom piano stool tops "I hate to tell you, darling. He used

He carries washing for his mother."were wheels—her precious piano stools that strip of plywood you were saving "Oh! I see! Well! Listen, Roddy, that she had picked up sixfor-a-bargain for your desk—and wire—and nails.

and understand this time. We are going and painted bright colors. The ironing And he broke one of your bits."

to move as soon as Daddy's new plant board supported the typewriter case, Elmer felt that he should be the outneeds him. We are trying to get rid of and two teakwood trays made high raged parent, and he held his mouth

things, not add more."sides. Over all was a heap, a huge heap, stern, but his eyes beamed with pride.

"Yes. Why?"Roddy emitted autoof a bundle of soiled clothes. "He's rather smart, like his daddy,"

matically. At a look from his mother "Look! Mother! Look!"shouted Sara teased slyly. "Of course,"she

he asked, "Why wasn't that a reasonRoddy. "It would be a fine thing for added, "he'll have to put things back

able question, Mother?"you to do other people's washing, betomorrow."

cause I have a wagon now!""And the laundry? How will he put

W,HEN the Burkes moved that"Embarrassing?back? It will beOhembarrassing."no! It will givethere was no chance to unpack immedi- "W>hy weren't you angry, me a chance to get acquainted with our

ately, for Roddy's father had to sleep Sara?"asked Elmer after the snack new neighbors. I'll have fun."

in preparation for night shift, and Sara they had just before he went on grave- "Sara,"Elmer said with awe, "I've had to shop. yard. "I was furious to think he had been married to you for eleven years,

"Just leave Roddy here,"said Elmer. taken advantage of the confusion. As and you still are amazing."

"You don't have to take Elmer chuckled. "Now that we've

him. He'll be quiet, won't moved,"he said, "you'd better teach

you, Son?"Roddy to run the washing machine, and

Roddy nodded emphati- I'll set aside a war bond for a bicycle.

cally, "Of course."He's too old for wagons and too young

When Sara returned, to set his mother up in business."

they began to unpack.

"Where's the aerial for this radio?"demanded El-

1 -,mer. "I thought you were A

going to put that on top."

"I'm sorry. And I can't

find my scissors, either."

A little later Sara remarked: "I see Roddy's

been at the typewriter again. It's out of its case.

It's a wonder he didn't wake you up punching the keys.""I didn't hear a thing."

A little later: "Where

are my hammer and screwdriver?"Elmer looked

frustrated. "I want to get

these racks and pictures up."And still later, Sara looked around. "Where is

Roddy! He was here when

I came home."

NOW HE WAS CLOSER, IN FACT, ALMOST HOME. BUT SHE WAS

SPEECHLESS.

SEPTEMBER, 1944 549 Church

in... recognitionSister distinguished of service Clark, of President Wife K. Orton, John "Era"Business

behalf of national in the morale of midstJ. Jr., Clark, Reuben Dies in Leaves Manager, war, inspirational of the means influence by

which uacine out radio comes Savage that a from Clark, Annetta program resignation Brother of K. John HPhe-* has the captured interests of and of wife Clark, President Reuben J. business as manager A Orton of The millions listeners. of program has which attentionA the First of Presidency, died at her to announced, Improvement Era was achieved great spiritual significance in time illness 2, after August severan ofJr.,home effect 1, take August George by Q. of stress.

al months. of daughter Charles R. The general the of Morris, manager magais This the national second award pioneerSavage, photographer and associate zine, Cannon, and G. Lucy this year the won in program by now offounder the annual Churchwide Old manager. its sixteenth year radio of broadcasting.Folks Day, Clark Mrs. served had

this Brother served has Orton Church first the The was Foster PeaGeorge herwith in various husband Church and since publication business as manager for body award "outstanding entertainin capacitiesgovernment Utah, Washfirst identified 1935. the with became in He ment music."ington, City. and Mexico

in after 1930, of magazine February

Temple Square Broadcast having been in the automobile business.

TPhose who had their radios tuned to He previously served the Church for * Columbia stations and the "Crossthree years as missionary and translator roads of the West"Sunday morning, in the Tahitian Mission from 1924 to

July 16, realized that the Salt Lake Tab1927, during which time he carried ernacle Choir and Organ was entering major responsibilities in the work of into its sixteenth year of weekly broadmission publication. He also served for

casting on national networks. May we several years as a member of the M.I.A.

offer our congratulations for this and stake board in Salt Lake Stake and has other accomplishments past, and extend served in various ward capacities.

our wish that the future appeal of the In his association with The Improveprogram will be twice sixteen, and more.

Service Men Supervisor A lexander P. Preston has been appointed Denver Stake supervisor

for L.D.S. service men to succeed J.

Bryan Barton. Elder Preston, a member of the stake high council, lives at

1100 East Tenth Avenue, Denver 3,

Colorado.

Welfare Assignments B asedplementedupon bypastsuggestionsexperiencefromand stakesuppresidents and regional councils, the

LUACINE SAVAGE CLARK 1945 welfare program budgets have been given to the various regions of the

She is survived by President Clark, Church. Emphasis is being placed on

three daughters, Louise C. Bennion, the production of commodities and

Marianne C. Sharp, and Luacine C. other welfare projects by ward and

Fox, all of Salt Lake, and a son, J. stake units rather than by the regions.

Reuben Clark, III, of Provo.; The production of dairy products is

Funeral services were held August 4, to receive added emphasis and addiin the South Twentieth Ward. Speakers tional projects are to be set up to care

were Elders John A. Widtsoe and Alfor this phase. Small herds of from ten

bert E. Bowen of the Council of the to thirty cows are to be established in

Twelve, Preston D. Richards of the Los several localities.

Angeles Stake presidency, and William It is proposed to establish small

E. Stoker, ward bishop. A message from chicken projects in every region where

President Heber J. Grant, who was unthey do not now exist.

able to attend the services, was preClothing and bedding assignments are sented. Musical selections were rento be extended with additional facilities

dered by Dr. Frank W. Asper, taberto produce them. A small shirt factory

nacle organist, and Emma Lucy Gates and additional knitting facilities are in

Bowen, Jessie Evans Smith, and Harry prospect. The Arizona region is reJOHN K. ORTON

Clarke, vocal soloists. quested to use the larger part of its cotwill Clark article on Sister An appear toncottonin materials.the manufacture of batts and menthas devotedEra, the muchretiringofbusinesshis timemanagerto thein a subsequent the issue of Era.

circulation of department the magazine,

Ricks College President in of addition to supervision personnelChoir Citation R. John L. office, Clark has been apbusiness the accounting opandrTTHE National Federation of Press D pointed as president of the Ricks erations. He has seen the magazine

* Women on July 29, awarded the college, Rexburg, Idaho, by Dr. Franksteadily increase its circulation to its

Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir Broadcast lin L. West, Church commissioner of present more than 90,000 subscribers.

a certificate of merit for their radio education. He succeeds Hyrum ManHis association, by letter and in person,

work. The citation read in part: waring who will retire. with Eva representatives throughout the

550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Church, has been widely appreciated in 1906. Teacher. Excommunicated in Grand1944. April 30, Stake, view Grant Ward, field, friendsthe has he and many made ATTENTION SERVICE MEN, 26, Neal, born Forsey Grace A. May will well being while wish himwho

in 1888. Inglewood Ward, Excommunicated the of Church edition new HThe leave.reluctant see to him 1944. 26, Stake, Inglewood June in * for L.D.S. men Directory sugBrother ago Orton months 7, 1892. Many February Long, born Howard W. press. is off the forces the armed

Priest. personal in of that the Thatchergested demands Ward, Excommunicated with together directory, This 1944. St. 20, April Stake, Joseph reinterests increasingly usiness were entracts three B. Brown's Hugh 22, Ervil February LeBaron, born M. attention,quiring his but he time and

Service the for titled "Thoughts in Elder. Juarez 1925. Excommunicated his until carryhas to continued now originally 6, 1944. Stake, Hour,"Juarez Quiet June Ward, Man's request theobligations the to at Era

4, born August Grant G. Woodward, available in are the published Era, magazine. the theof of management in 1899. Ward, Excommunicated Reno writing at calling or service to men interests,In other addition business to 1944. Stake, 21, Reno May Service office L.D.S. the of the is the national president American ofhe Anderson, born Franklin Lloyd Novemat 41 North Committee Men's in that 16, 1913. North ber to elected Excommunicated Association, HotelMotor

Street. State April 17, Stake, Diego Park San Ward,office of Association the at a meeting

in Denver, Colorado, and has been an 1944.

active officer of the Utah Motor Court

Nevada; Vegas, Dallin, Las Dedications Selby Verl Utah; George, its since organization.Association Richards, Ross Alden Utah; Antimony. Black, Herman

Salt is Peterson. Lake Orton'sBrother wife former the Gordon Robert City; r. Salt Lake of the Council A. Widtsoe John Idaho; Paris, Wallentine, Ellen Davis Emily City; Sister BrotherFrankie Graves. and of chapels dedicated of the Twelve Idaho. Paris, D Wallentine, Wallace Robert

Orton have two sons, Boyd, 15, and North Central States: Irl Lunt, Duncan, Arizona; the New England Mission as follows:

Idaho; Evan Pocatello, Stout McOmber,Kenneth, 11. Adrian Owen Providence, Rhode Island, June 14; Pulsipher, William Leonard Salt Lake City; Hansen,

Richfield, Springfield, Foisy, 16; Bridgeport, Conn., June Edward Allen Nevada; Mesquite.

Missionaries Released Utah. Lynn, 18; Massachusetts, and June

CaliBigelow Oakland, Melvin Argentine: Adams, Bingham, Sanford OgStates: Arthur Northwestern 24. buildMassachusetts, These June Neil fornia; Arizona; Brown, Ashurst, Kendell Erwin Grover, Wyoming; Clark. Porter Alma Utah;

Ernest California; Christensen, Oakland, Bott H. Norman Jesse City; Salt Lake the Durham. ings Cole within purchased been have den,Wayne

St. Ellsworth, Arizona; Farr, ChandEugene Johns, Utah. Hooper, Reay, years, branch members and last two ler, AriMillett, Robert Arizona; Maurice Mesa American Bateman, Bernell States: LaVar Southern

Utah; zona; Rex Stanley Moore, Alan Ogden, Utah; Sarah Liberty, Chard, Elery since. David Utah; Fork, renovating been them have busy

California; Charles Sessions, Angeles, Linel Adams Los Keith Utah; Liberty, Chard, Jones Minerva

Durrant, Provo, Stanford Utah; Decker, First William Payne, Pleasant TimLavon Utah; Grove Heber The Ward, American Larsen;

City; Salt Lake Evans, Provo, Sears Utah; Pleasant, Joseph Peterson, Mt. Arizona; Leo Safford. WayneFork, dedicated chapel Stake, panogos was Raynal Utah; Roy, Albert Gibby, Stanley Wendell Arizona; Owen Mesa, Phelps, Orrin William Utah;

Logan, Lunt, Paso, Squires El Texas; Clifford Rulon McCarrey, Simpkins, E. Elder 21, Daniel Young, H. Utah; Pickett, by Gunnison, Theron May

City; Salt Leon Austin Lake Schwendiman, Salt Utah; Lake Kay Winder, Cannon Fairfield. Montana; Edwin the the assistant of to Council Twelve. Radmall Nevada. Reno, Walker, City.

California: Hendrick de Boer. Ogden. Utah; Marion SpanishAmerican: Dewey Clark Hughes, Albany,

Jones Callister, Blackfoot, Idaho; Chauncey Smoot California; Douglas Glen Pulley, American Fork, Utah;

Porter, EsCity; Salt Peterson, Lake Roland Haws City, Utah. Sugar Wilding, Walker Malcom

calante, Parowan, Utah; Richard Rowley, Melvin Enterprise U.S.S. Park, Huntington Mortensen. Leonidas Jesse Texas: Utah. Idaho; Tetania, Phillips, Dale California; John City; Irvin Salt Leo Noall, Lake Walter Canadian: feel like to that of hear would you Idaho; Vivian City, Ruesgsegger, Malad Rudolph Springville, Robertson, Charles Utah; Samuel Eugene WE Melvin John Utah; Monroe, Jenson, Nordgren Virginia are activity here the having aboard we Lambert, City; Salt Hooper. Ryser. Lake Leo Joseph Provo. Bradshaw, Richfield, Utah; DeLanna Jenson, first just the ship regard with Church. to Irvin Brierley, Utah; Salt City. Lake At James Laura Cyntia Utah; Harris, Layton, Utah; Thelma Shasta, States: Bounds, Leroy Mt. Central Rene discould, of us few and a met when we Jenkins, Robert Lewis Jenkins, Utah; Ogden, Moench California; Cook, Hellstrom VerRasmussen Ada May Utah. Escalante, Cottam, gospel. Doyle Utah; principles the the of V. Ogden, cussed Now nal, LeishAlton Utah; Cook, Utah; Vernal N. Mark

Hill, River. Bear Orla States: Wendell Western meetings every sacrament hold Sunday Lewiston, Schwartz Hansen, Haslam, Utah; Dale we man

NielRichville, Utah; Ray Rose, Stanley Edison Utah; Monticello. Franklin Pederson, Utah; Jr., Edward feel library, the in crew's evening and we ThackCalvert Douglas Preston. Idaho; Taylor, son Pulsipher, Russell Ogden, Cross, Utah; Lynn Woods in endeavors. blessed that us our has God Croft, Salt Schmidlin Robert eray, Utah; Croydon, City, Oliver Utah; Harmon, Utah; Boulder Terry JoBenning- Mouritsen, Irvin City; LaGrand Lake Hill, Idaho. seph Ucon, Samuel is in the versed well of us Since none Utah; Sumner Miles Tropic, ton, Cope, Idaho; Gene States: Francis Eastern Howells, Jr., Benjamin

Larsen, Jr., are our scriptures, Idaho, using Young Joseph Arimo, gospel England, and we Midvale, Utah; Hilton, Oakland, Caldwell Theodore

City. Salt Lake Paul Romney, Richard Utah; Holladay, California; Panaca, Grant Aveson NevaWadsworth. that in time meeting sacrament may we

da; Salt Larsen, City. Harold Clyde Lake Walker, Harris RayRobert Canadian: Western this for guide them. a learn about more As States: Salt Central Bagley, East Cyrene David Zobrist, Salt Lake Emil Alta., Ernest Canada; mond, of edition service the using are study we City; City, Leffel Idaho; Bean, Lake Sugar Addison City.

Paul Bickley, Salt Lake City; Verlin Lee Coxey, Principles of the Gospel, one fellow presentFairbourn, Utah; Sandy, Clyde Ogden, LeGrande all for discussion, then subject ing the we Excommunications Utah; Utah; Florence, Samuel Holladay, Henry Jr.,

is It developing our viewpoints. express our California; Amelia Montebello, Jacobsen Hansen, Wil11, February born C. Voight, Thelma lard Montebello, California; Louise Hansen, Adele ability audience. before to an speak

in 1906. Dimond Excommunicated Harris Harris, (deceased). Utah; Elwin Ogden. Jed

this Philip are: of R. leaders group The Blanding, Victor Salt Utah; Lake Charles Hatch, M. 1944. 3, April Stake, Oakland

City; Leavitt Salt City; (elder), Hatch, Afton Lake EdWard, (elder), Vera Thornock Ronald Smith 2, 1918. August born L. Doxford, Frank Ira Jolley, Provo, Utah; Lloyd Kimward McKinley (priest). F. secretary, as G. Marin and We in 13, 1943, Excommunicated Deacon. ball, Salt May GilCity; Maurice Langford, Evans Lake organization complete a to have more hope bert. Arizona; Salt Miller, City; Orrin Lake Towler Stake. Salt 24th Lake Ward,

Price, Samoria, Christy Idaho; Daniel time. K. Newell in due 9, 1923. born July Franklin LeBaron, Joel Vernal, Utah; Remington, Smart, Lyle Sandy, John receive of Improvement us Several in 2, 1944, The Elder. Excommunicated May Utah; City; Salt Smith, Melvin Lake Theron Joseph

Teerlink, Salt Lake City; Jack Amos Wagstaff, AmeriMexican Mission. Era regularly and enjoy reading it. Re

can Fork, Springville, Utah; Whiting, Ray Utah; Kenneth S. Lambert, born January 19, ported by Philip R. Smith. Charles California. Junior Angeles, Los Wilson,

Hawaiian: Harvey Barr Carlisle, Salt Lake City.

Central Pacific: John Haldor Walton, Salt Lake

City; Wayne Delbert Josephson, St. Anthony, Idaho;

John Joel Moss, Ririe, Idaho; Kenneth Leroy Aubrey,

Salt Lake City; Marion Roscoe Rogers, Snowflake,

Arizona.

Mexican: Isidro Alejandro Bautista, Jr.. Colonia

Dublan, Chih., Mexico; Phoebe Sevey Hall, Mesa,

Arizona; Edna Martineau, Colonia Juarez, Chih., LATTERDAY SAINT Mexico.

New England: Ralph Mark Clarke, Los Angeles, SERVICE MEN

California; CaliFranklin Glendale, Hollman, Wayne

Annabella, fornia; Hal Utah; Nebeker, Adelman Glen ONU. BOARDS. S. California; Leland Myler, Los Angeles, Howard Donaldson Stewart, Oakland, California; Willard Pixton ENTERPRISE

City; Salt Siegfried Horst Berthold, Lake McEwan,

City; Salt Salt Lake Ezra Lake Homer Wade, City; Le P.Cheminant,R. Smith, 6.C. F.A.Marin,Jenkins,K. L.J. Carlyle Marsden, Davenport Parowan, Richard Utah;

A. L. R. Thornock, W. Heward, Phillips, Poll Falls, Idaho; Parker, Don Timothy

LayClow, W. W. Roy, Firth, Nielsen Utah; Idaho; Anthony, WandaIdaho

J. E. Hunter. ton, H. Price, J. W.P. Lowder,Wirth, Earl Phoenix, Reed Arizona; Eugene Heggie

Griffin, Clarkston, Utah; Charles Elmer Clark, Tooele,

Utah.

Northern States: Callis Fredie Francis Herbert,

Los Angeles, California; Harold Johnson Pyper, Salt

Lake City; Cecil Everett Reese, Smithfield, Utah;

Newton Aaron Tuttle, Jr., Salt Lake City; Erwin

Emil Wirkus, Idaho Falls, Idaho.

Northern California: Weston B. Seegmiller, St.

SEPTEMBER, 1944 (L*avliA J\viowle(Lae or AMERICA'S STRANGEST BOOK THEat Palmyra,Book of NewMormonYork,wasbegunprintedin & I wasOn reviewingforcibly struckthis withpretendedthe contrastrevelation,beAugust 1829, and finished sometween the introduction of the gospel of

Christ, that the of of and Book Mormon. *JJr. It in 1830. time jrrancid announced March was \AJ.J\lmkam

former the heaven; from came The down in the Sentinel, Palmyra, Wayne New Author Witness is latter said for Chirst of New of the out to have been dug York, 19, 1830, adverand on March earth. first gospel preached The in America was opentised for sale in the same paper on ly, with power, in the sight of all men, and

March 26, 1 830. The testimonies of the written afterwards; the "Book of Mormon"

three witnesses and of the eight witwas first written secretly, and out of sight all of twelve, except men, preached and in first nesses are printed edition. the

that them. stated the writing among They afterwards. only complete the The of manuscript could read person, be the except no by by of the of Christ the works and None is of in the extant Book Mormon now said that and, Smith; the inspired Lord had in secret, apostles were to the but exopen possession of the Reorganized to Church translate him publish the and book, all; is this of origin amination the of book

of that none, Christ twelve Jesus of Latter but witnesses, chosen Saints at had Day in the dark. hid of Christ gospel The was

Independence, Missouri. The signatures been allowed to see these plates, and that confirmed by unnumbered miracles, wrought

"hid they the unto were Lord."now up the three of in this in witnesses the the public manuscript most of manner; Book Morfurther stated, that apostles twelve They is its not miracles, confirmed in are but the any mon by of handwriting person. one

to appointed, be were conwould soon who rests authority the of testimony twelve on it This shows to origof a be the copy firm their if miracles, mission that and, by not know. do men we whom inal certificate signed witness. each by their read Bible believe, did anyone not and its of gospel to Christ presented The original certificate signed The no they was given lost would forever. be and up apostles gain, all loss temporal of no but

eight, in doubt placed the cornerstone in understand, These the of were comwe things; the of a has copyBook Mormon

of others. three pany Smith and copyoriginal the with House Nauvoo manu- A its that right secured witnesses "have may

right secured in his was Smith by own script of the of tell, Book temporal Mormon. few that cannot men A profit"—so name. is this "profit"pages are extant in to not the induces them Historiwhat Church

an's office. The book contains about six hundred bear such witness.

print. octavo small pages thousand Five is gospel confirmed thousand a The by In the Evening Star for and Morning copies said were they that to it, preceded, the prophecies published—andof pointed and at 1832, June Independence, Missouri, angel told to sell at a price Smith the book still fulfilling; are daily and but we know confirmatory reports reare published dollar which eight cents one per and was that to the not pointed prophecy any Book

garding cost, the the that they, copy than more testimony of the "might witnesses. is of perfect of Bible a Mormon. book The

profit, the spirhave as temporal well the as first printed The interview the with in unrivalled the sublimity; harmony, and

... itual."witnesses is to full the of absurdity of of too and Book Book Mormon Mormon may

I it, to wished in read not, but could good dull to the soul. the charm be one itinerant by an Baptist min-

I conscience lest purchase a should copy, ister, David Marks, which pubwas support deception; lent a they so one, me the writing of the the time of above t A lished in the in Star 1831. Morning Mr. I fifty and read *"* hundred two and pages; to the the witnesses interview with reports Marks "tarrying"at the greatly but home in disappointed style the was printed of proof had no Mormon, Book of the interest the of far and at For, work. Fayette, Whitmers so from Seneca

its forth"that yet "coming appeared the approaching sublimity inspired the of County, York, 29, on 1830. March New prophets, ancient predicted been had by writers, they bear would comparison with no early This printed is interview evidence

its to the teachings that the comparable or were Apocrypha, the Alcoran. Indeed that the witnesses their solemn made

is style insipid, filled the so and so Bible, that work the recorded of those the and declaration the of divine origin the of I with imposture, feel that manifest could the the resurrected to of Lord words of Book at the time Mormon of the interest It in further perusal. a no contained it this continent conon people which printing first of the edition. acseveral extracts the scripture; from The and, with tained, greater supplemented gave andcount follows, little a Christ's variation, taken from the the sermon on enbook

his in to the teachings meaning New titled, all the Mount. circumstances, From The Life David Marks:* of

in I Testament. appeared a Such book it thought origwritten probably had been

the 26th his of year To including age the 1 837, Parley infidel, Voice inally The Warning, to by see of an by he how much particulars of his call conversion to the It Pratt. could the credulity P. in printed impose of on has been men, and many ministry in and labors itinerant for preaching... to get money. editions for years. one hundred eleven nearly years, written himself. by At the time of the interview no mirLimerick, Maine,

at Printed the office of the Morninq Star, A WORD TO KEEP aclethe Churchof healinghadbytakenthe powerplace. of God in

1831.

By Christie Jeffries Joseph Knight, Senior, was restored the During following, week I journeyed to health Prophet Smith by the Joseph fiftyabout one hundred miles, and and sufLIBERTY

It is 1 830. in April confirmed by a newsfered Is a word to keep. from storm. a tedious much Sabbath,

March 28, (1830) I preached twice to a Like a silver key, paper account in the Palmyra Reflector small assembly in Geneva. Next day, we It opens deep June 30, 1830. Miracles of healing and

attended a meeting in Fayette, and tarried Wells in the heart other manifestations of divine power at the house of Mr. Whitmer. Here we saw Where great loves sleep: continued in the Church.

of love of brother homeland, Love three or of histwo sons, others to and the facts these of regarding proof The strength, to give These other, the one eight, ofnumber said they witwho were of the the witnesses testimony the of subtle, art. inconceivable With ofnesses a certain just published, book called of the of knowledge and Book Mormonthe Bible,""Golden of or "Book Mormon."

live in land its that is free a the forth"And people men "coming who by who affirmed thatThey angel an had showed to call, at the Spring arms bugle its at at the of lived the time place and certainthem plates of metal, having the apFight doggedly is the publication of evidence gold, important ofpearance that they were out of dug steep, plain and Onthe ground one, Smith; that by Joseph of declaration the truth of on Smith Joseph

atoll, top, sea, mountain and Onthese plates written history of a was the written, the that prebeen had book liberty; For tribesten Israel of lost, which were and translated divine served, and by power fall, fighting Andrevelations different to prophets that arose is all that to convince the Jesus men in their sleep Soothed

*In Church Historian's Office. Salt Lake City By this bright word which brave hearts keep. Christ, the Eternal God.

552 THE IMPROVEMENT cRA By E. CECIL McGAVIN Apostate oftL

Church M'utorian, 's L/fftce Factions

orotic the adumom of doseph >mltk owmf v ler and Lucian Woodworth, if they desire At a council meeting in Nauvoo, April go. 29, 1 845, the result Elder Bent reported Lyman Wight to visit of his in to the camp Wight WisThen on August 24 Lyman Wight

consin. failed His mission to convince instead to of advised north was go the Smith Prophet Joseph the that "wild he should unram"not south,When for to hearkened once killed, and he the Wight, was Lyman dertake the expedition. Texas counsel, leaving sixtyfour with people the "wild mountains,"of ram

the conference of October At the to led he Wisconsin. whom that thedeclared was only man who that Church year, Elder same A. W. time, however, a short he Within wasable to dead. "handle"him From was said Babbit the of of course Lyman again of the notion going obsessed with spirbitterthat manifested a he moment Wight: to mission- a Texas and busy became it the to sought toward and Twelve

carry out his plans irrespective of their ary in Wisconsin persuading others in As Elder Pratt remarked concerning Wm.

wishes. that region to go with him. By the spring Smith, that he could not conscientiously

to vote I sustain him, so of to of 1845, say in he regard a following had about pineries in the employed been had He I cannot Wight, give fifty to persons hundred ready make Lyman for the one getting timber outof Wisconsin 'in his favor. vote is this: If reason my Myconscientiously the to journey Texas. became hetemple. the martyrdom After is there in this council a that Church ought

convinced that the temple and the Nauto be united, and act in unison as one man, set the early spring they out in four Tn completed, never be would Housevoo A boats, propelled rough homemade by itis issick,the theCouncilwholeofbodythe Twelve.is afflicted.If theIf headI am lead to expressed a colony a desireso he

rightly informed concerning for poles, of the Brother western wilds Wight's bound protheyto be would where Texas for conduct, the year, past has acted he not Texas. constructed boats were The the prophtected even mob. from He in unison the with Twelve, nor according to side. of each berths with a on row The in that the templeesied would Nauvoo their counsel. last year has The been one left the center for space through was completed.never be affliction, of persecution sorrow, and when etc. stoves, supplies, baggage, The the. adversary has continually to sought that said asked the Prophet had He center berths place enclosed and were destroy mutilate the it and Church; has and as a missionary to and to go Texashim with boards. all and covered faith, rough There required the prayers and perseverfulfilthis that time to a be would good the of ance in to this leaders end, a save each door people and was windows from

letter to appointment. Inmissionary a the grasp of If the destroyer. the counsel of the sides. berths along the between

in authoritiesthe wrote he Nauvoo Brother followed, this had been temWight determined These for voyagers stopped his in concerning plans Wisconsinfrom ple built, not been would have the nor bapsupplies at villages Indian and white tismal font erected.this matter: sought He has to draw settlements along the way. part force, a the of away which ought we

A few of us here have arrived at this conYet the authorities in Nauvoo conhave had to build this temple. His teachto

clusion in our minds (such as can undergo tinued their lenient policy with this ings have been contrary to the counsel of all things), that as the gospel has not been "wild ram of the mountains."At a counthe Church, and his conduct calculated to

fully opened in all the south and southwestcil meeting held in Nauvoo on April 17, destroy it. Under circumstances of this kind

Brazil, states, I cannot as alsoern conscientiously Mexico, Texas, vote to continue authorities the 1 845, dictated to a letter inetc., his Islands, standing, until retracts, the Indian with him together he West and all asthe brethren and Lyman Wight

the satisfaction. to buildhaving procured makes lumber Brother enough course Wight's sociated him, of with the followwhich also has calculated to been having divide and thetemple Church, NauvooHouse—and is ing extract: an prevent at the and those things that being convinced Church accomplished, Naubecome

build states will the in or which were eastern not of thevoo commanded by God the of the Council asTwelve, being We, Prophet the according tothe Joseph. comHouse Nauvoo sembled and having learned present your

in neither the reasonable templemandment, circumstances situation and also and your the At meeting same Elder C. Heber fartime, as that have have, so and we we future calculations with to regard jouryour Kimball trials, in caution the recommended and got pameansmade South—we feel west, justified ney cannot giving without of tablelands to the in in tience to mind dealinghave go with Wight. Lyman a of counsel advice, word you and together

find to to point most a beTexas may we Times Seasons and his rerecorded with relative information to some presour it leteligible, of place there locate a and be marks:... ent prospects: brethren, dear now, And

all for thegathering South.

if will to will hearken counsel, you our you is "It well that known Brother Wight's all give of idea up journeying at preswest realIt that President seems Young case before was the had fall, conference last If ent. before you go westward have you spirit of the uncontrollableized the man that he and dropped, rethen was and again received in your the temple, endowments

is, tained; that rein that as free let as he aand gave him be, much would we him will not prosper. you when meet And you see and could do, he what course and what could. the Inpossibly History Journal difficulty, with trouble let and say one no he take. would has been ever He away thisfor notice 11, 1844, apthat August the counsel of the brought them Twelve

is since; a and small with company someit, for into in the the now, ofpears: Lord, we name

tell is where; cannot we doing; what he he counsel advise and to at not west you go

in his may, mind, in acting be concert own the the at forenoon held In meeting a was present. desire, brethren, dear that you We rest, the with he and acting for the be may instand at Elder which Nauvoo Lyman should take hold with help to us us and acof this It good people. would be mind my leading preached about a companyWight the building complish of the Lord's houses.

let to his case lay the over for present, until into wilderness. theaway brethren, us, let Come, with be one and us

learn can something him."from we Whereall in be of roll agreed exertions to our on

it that let upon was the moved case of we in the following the great the of met day wheel Twelve forThe kingdom. We Brother lay for the over Wight Lyman letter this ward Bent. Brother will bycouncil the appointments and He among present, until hear him; from seconded we give further instructions relative you to our following: the weremade carried and unanimously.1 proceedings future calculations, and and we

(Continued on 573) page if will to his receive he hope counsel Texas, That you go Wight and Lyman do choose, with his company; also George Milaccordingly, and all will be well. irfmes and Seasons, VI: 1009

SEPTEMBER, 1944 553

WwmF <..a,:--

HEARD FROM THE "CROSSROADS OF THE West"WITH THE SALT LAKE TaBERnacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through

KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 12:00 noon

By RICHARD L EVANS Eastern War Time, 11:00 a.m. Central War Time, 10:00 a.m. Mountain

War Time, and 9:00 a.m. Pacific War Time.

are virtually exceedingly perishable—while bad reputations(X-Acaumna a f\ep)Utailvon for the generations have proved that good reputations are indestructible. 9, 1944.—July

R eputationsunpredictable.are Abuiltgoodonmanymanymenfactors—somehave lived theirof themlives

for they for things which reputed graves to their goneand On iiudina a /\epuauon would chosen to be known. Some have whonever would

like to have been thought of as great dramatic artists have, HThere is something yet to be said on the subject of misusby some circumstance, come to be typed as comedians. Men ing a reputation. Some men acquire such reputations

of several gifts sometimes become best known for the gift that others place implicit confidence in them. Their names,

which they themselves esteem the least. There are some their word, the representations they make, are accepted by

whose avocations catch the public fancy, whereas their many at face value. This fact sometimes leads to the misuse

vocations are lost in obscurity and disinterest. A single of reputation, in one or another of its many forms—such as

event in one's life, even though it be seemingly unrelated the practice of purchasing opinions for the purpose of inin the used to be one's name fluencing others-—permitting

one knows which of things concerningreputation—desirableto all that has gone beforeor undesirable.and all thatOfttimesfollows,youngmaypeoplefix a recommendation

acquire reputations of one kind or another early in life. For little or nothing—permitting words to be put into one's

example, a student, having in the beginning of his school mouth, for a price. Names have high value—especially

career become known as a conscientious scholar, is likely, names which are held in good repute—especially names

from then on, to find the way much easier. The reverse is also which the public knows and has confidence in. Having built

true. Virtually the same answer to the same question may a good name, having acquired a good reputation, certainly

bring a higher grade to a student of good reputation than to it would be legitimate for a man to place the weight of his one who has not established a good reputation. This may not influence behind any worthy venture concerning which he

be just, in a sense, but it is nevertheless the way it often had firsthand knowledge and sincere convictions—any

works in practice. Good reputation has a tendency toward venture which is as represented, and which would be of

leveling obstacles, and is often accepted at face value, while benefit to those to whom it is recommended. But merely to

poor reputation multiplies difficulties. And young people sell a name for a price without regard to personal knowlwho, by some foolishness or thoughtlessness or some delibedge or conviction, or without regard to accuracy of stateerate folly, acquire a reputation of the kind they wouldn't ment or benefit to those being influenced, would surely conbe proud of, are needlessly complicating their own lives stitute a flagrant abuse of a good reputation. People of

and closing doors in their own faces. Every time others much influence, of established public acceptance, whose

think of them a suggestion of doubt concerning them may names have high publicity value, are repeatedly approached arise. This is why carelessness in youth is often more serious with offers of advantage or remuneration for the use of their

than some have supposed. Fighting through life against an names for all manner of causes and purposes. Often the

unsavory reputation, whether deserved or not, is difficult reason they are approached is because others can see the and discouraging. And some things which, in our thoughtvalue, the influence, or perhaps the profit that comes with

lessness, we may have supposed were harmless, often cling the use of such names. The problem reduces itself to the

as stubbornly as nicknames, no matter how we try to shake resolve of every honest man to see that his name is not them off. Now certainly reputations built on false premises misused. His good name among men, his reputation in this

will not be the ultimate basis of justice or judgment. But the world, are possessions of high value and of great trust, and

fact remains that our lives are in some degree modified by to misuse them or to consent to the misuse of them by others the repute in which others hold us, and once a man gets a is a betrayal of trust. If a man's name is worth a price

rating with his fellow men, once he gets himself pigeonholed, because of the confidence his friends or his fellow men classified in the minds of others/it is difficult to get a reimpose in him, it is certainly worth a much greater price classification. And so to a young woman, or to a young for him to see that it is not misused—to see that no one is

man beginning his way in life, the only course of wisdom is misled by his name or by his reputation among men.

to avoid the very appearance of evil, as well as evil itself,—July 16, 1944.

554 THE IMPROVEMENT FRA vmmm

in many places and a nation—notwithstanding the fact that

idea and the expressed will find one philosophies many 2>,]i6coverij in than rather of weakness an element freedom is that belief this on proceeded have those strength. who But of element Indeed, an fascination. their ever discovery o egends T tasted have that discovered men who have false assumption disthe of is age an age every discovery—sometimeshold more for fight and to more liberty have of sweetness the of before walked never have men where places of covery this, despite haven't. However, for than live to men who nothing have things which of discovery the sometimes and for substitutes of all manner centuries all the throughout surface the charted Having geography. with to whatever do agleaders and Ambitious proposed. been have freedom illimitable the penetrate farther yet world, may of our we persuaded, have number, without times peoples, gressive the into deeply yet more gaze may and we beyond, space other these force when used have deceived, discovery us. cajoled—and But about substance all life and of minuteness freetheir yield to others induce have methods discovery—and life failed—to of is life a this. all Every goes beyond ofttimes individuals have and peoples action. of And dom begin barriers, physical we the at pushing of weary we when for freedom for peace, freedom exchange to been known spirit of man. mind into and the inward deeply reach to for of promise for the plenty, freedom security—freedom disin one's peace of discovery is the heart—the There barall bad made have they everything of discovery conceivable—and all in intelligent purpose of covery things—the it kept they long or got they how matter what gains no all yet as to find the answer until us sustain faith we to costly in ways. is back bought yielded once for freedom that discoveries other also are questions. There unanswered the in wandering after much sometimes and Ultimately, life, in and soon evil too ways discover make. Some men of formula the to peoples come nations and wilderness, the discover late. Often we too their mistakes discover efficiency neither supposed that a learned having freedom, readsometimes generations, by follies other of errors and for substitute is life adequate an of readymade way a nor are them. There repeating often too by but them, ing about every need anticipate it to attempts though even freedom, and intolerance the concerning to made be discoveries knowing men, of weaknesses the want. Knowing every and qualities of their concerning also of and men, perversity

inefficiency of alleged the history, knowing of errors the discovering are think we when Sometimes we goodness. freedom, of possible abuses the all knowing democracy, discovering fact in are find that new, we something we other that no conclusion inevitable the remains yet there avidly us. which Ideas is to only we that something new of progress men or happiness lasting the to leads formula discarded by been since long have today seized upon may whatever notwithstanding, contrary the to all schemes other contruths which peoples. we Many wiser sorrier and only the intent. their whatever their Now and source knowlsince been common long have "discover"fidently

is to commemorate holiday national observing for a reason discovery, is in sense is to a us others. to new edge What brought principles which ideals faith in the and to renew and disbeen things have ages. the it Some as old be though the with being into of came it the Fourth being, July into and them. And ours of among land covered many times—this if give, to willingness their to as people of a declaration its it heritage which we and things about are there some did of them freedom. for all else they had Many necessary, all so, be honor rediscover. to well And perhaps do would the today. doing are And as all even had, many give they pioneers and and times of discoverers the to past—patriots yet all past and those of this Fourth, and of July message tangible further and against ever pushed have others who substitutes acceptable there is are no to come, disthis:—that of price the paid have intangible who barriers—and

2, 1944. for freedom.—July lost. not their discoveries be that may grant covery. God

Besides what new things we may henceforth discover, a re- (Concluded on page 559) discovery of the meaning of the past may save us, and generations to come, from searching needlessly for things Copyright. 1944

that have already been found.—July 23, 1944.

u&dtituteA for Jreedt July Fourth, as a day of annual commemora tion, has come and gone, despite many crises and contrary influences, finding us still a libertyloving people;

and the uniting force of freedom has, in the providence of God, preserved us as

SEPTEMBER, 1944 Blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy.

Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God.

Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the Editorials children of God.

Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness'sake; for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. /john, A. KJrLon—etirin9 Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute

you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for anaqer my sake.

Rejoice, and be exceeding glad; for great is your reward

T is nearly a decade and a half since John K. Orton, in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were

I business manager of The Improvement Era, became before you. (Matthew 5:3-12.)

associated with the magazine. During this period he

has seen the Era reach a circulation of more than In these verses, two qualities are predominant: that

responsive to openminded, remaining and receptive most efof has Brother been a month. per 90,000 Orton

steadfast that of remaining experiences the of life, and possible. this growth fective factor notable in making

His lifelong service in ward, stake, and mission, gave to that which is known to be true. These characteristics

him a clear conception of Church needs; his approach are much needed today, for the inhabitants of the world

to daily business problems has been intelligent and need to stay teachable and, once having tested that orderly; his contacts with the earnest workers in the which they accept, to remain stalwart defenders of what

field have been as friend to friend, stimulating and helpthey have tested and proved true.

ful; he has had constant faith in the mission and message The one quality, that of teachableness, seems a parof the magazine set forth by the authorities of the ticularly needed characteristic in this era, for we are

Church. Such friendly, loyal, and understanding devoliving in a period of dogmatism, when nations and

tion of necessity has borne rich fruit. people accept ideas without a thorough consideration,

Brother Orton, as many a capable man, has acquired and then never move from the dogmatic point of view.

many personal business interests. These have been deOne of those most responsible for the terrible holocaust

manding increasing attention. Therefore, the managein which we find ourselves today made this statement:

ment of the Era has regretfully acquiesced in Brother At that time [shortly after he was 15] I formed an image of

Orton's near twoyear-old request to be released from the world and a view of life which became the granite foundahis Era duties. tion for my actions. I have had to add little to that which I

When the Era extends thanks to Brother Orton for had learned then, and I have had to change nothing.

excellent service rendered, and wishes him bounteous What a lamentable confession. Growth means change,

success in his life's endeavors, it not only speaks for means a broadening horizon, a wider scope for the itself, but with the tongues of hundreds of thousands individual, first so far as he himself is concerned, and who read and enjoy the magazine which he has helped to next so far as the community in which he moves is conbuild. And we know that he and The Improvement Era cerned. Certainly, it is a tragic situation when one

will ever remain helpful A. W. becomes set so early in life that he has to change nothing friends.—/.

(See also page 550) in what he has learned or has little to add to what he learned as a child.

Even those who have gained a strong testimony of

Jea liableene55 truth,that truthlearninthatdifferentthey havesituations.to find Onenew ofwaysthe ofmostapplyinggloriis into that of attributes gospel our a more ous we grow learned he reached traveler Korea when A world principles practice the of understanding complete as we "** that the occupapeople opposing a group of young

children. as truths learned that we tion secretly laying the of their meeting country and were

plans for the deliverance of their land, and also for The greatest tragedy of life would be to reach a writing a constitution which would guarantee to its citiperiod when we would say, "I know all that there is to zens their freedom and an equality of opportunity. He know about this. There is no need for me to study

was astonished when he learned what they were studyfurther."

ing in order to lay the foundation of their government To each of us, God has given a desire to progress, to steadfastly and surely: it was nothing less than the attain a new stage of development. And with this desire,

Beatitudes found in the gospel of Matthew. He conhe has implanted within each of us a divine discontent tinued on his journey, and when he reached India, he—which makes us dissatisfied with what we have atwas likewise surprised to find that Gandhi, the great tained, and determined to reach higher than we hitherto

spiritual leader of millions of Hindus, was studying the have been able to, to strive for perfection as we with very same section of the New Testament. Gandhi our finite minds can vision perfection. Miraculously

answered the visitor's unspoken question by saying, enough, as we attain little by little to the goal we have "Yes, we are reading the New Testament. And in the set, we find that our concept of the goal has increased

New Testament we have studied the Beatitudes careuntil it is even farther ahead than we had at first confully. When the constitution of a free India is written, ceived. As we learn, we increase in the vision of what

they will form its basis."remains yet to be learned. It is as a man who climbs the

it, several peak, only to see nearer peaks beyond which to recall Probably the simply of be well it would some crests, their still higher. gaining exert In he extend must satisfying stated, deeply brief of the verses words which

reaching so in our lives be and we must always comprise the Beatitudes: himself,

lives. bit our duties of the everyday beyond just a little

Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of Discouragement might at first set in, if we had not

heaven. cultivated the quality of teachableness which is inherent

the Beatitudes. Blessed are they that mourn: for they shall be comforted. in

those in bondage, as to those who are free, these To

Blessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth. verses bring comfort and vision, for they stir all equally

Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteouswith the divine discontent, and the need to learn as long ness: for they shall be filled. as life persists. M. C. /.

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Should, by an unlikely chance, a family possess a complete genealogy, permission should be sought from a less fortunate family, or one careless about this work, Evidences and to assist in gathering their genealogy. But, in every family are branches, not in the Church, into which children

are born, and from which persons die, in this day. These reconciliations should also be our concern. The number who so die,

daily, is far beyond the present reach of our temple ixxxlv. What is \Ju,r [-efdonal work. It is an interesting observation that the members

of the Church, are related to practically every family, tqauon within the countries in which the gospel has been t tion for the Seawalluauon preached extensively.

.'As for the millions who lived before modern registrait countries, can in began more civilized of people of the *UJead tion availwill also their records said, that be made be only

of supreme of the dead is for the salvation XTTork that, declared Joseph Smith Y importance. "... we recordsable, eitherare nownow available,or during throughthe millennium.the providencesFar moreof

without them [the dead] cannot be made perfect; the Lord, than are being utilized for temple work. Paneither can they without us be made perfect."(D. & C. tient, skillful research will reveal the names of many of

128:18.) On another occasion the Prophet said, "The our forefathers in ancient records dating back to about

greatest responsibility in this world that God has laid 1000 A.D. These include not only distinguished, historiupon us is to seek after our dead."(Teachings of the cal characters, kings, nobles, and illustrious workers in

Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 356.) And he warned that, many fields, dating back many centuries, but also numer-

"Those Saints who neglect it in behalf of their deceased ous individuals who owned and disposed of landed relatives, do it at the peril of their own salvation."properity. Even some of the socalled "commoners"

(Teachings, p. 193.) are of record. For them work may be done. But the

The basic reason for the importance of the work for vast majority of God's children, of past generations, the dead, is that the Lord would save all his children. have been lost to genealogical researchers. The vital

The plan of salvation is absolutely universal. The work facts of the lives of these great hosts, unrecorded on

of the Lord will not be completed until all who come existing records, will be made known when revealed.

fair full to accept or earth chance a and have on had research, the acof Genealogical important one most the gospel. reject remains to the with so power do The

little is tivities Saints, value, unless Latterday of of spirit will in the gospel be world, the where dead is in relatives. the of temples departed done our work to them. preached

is, helping therefore, step the dead, second towards The blessings salvation are possible conthe of However, to salvation the doors of the open performing temple by ordiprinciples the to obedience ditioned and upon for ordinances the endowments, and them—baptisms, living plan. well the as as must the of dead nances The

sealings family groups. of salvation. for rerequirements the These with comply

quirements are of a twofold nature. Those that can The key to success and enjoyment in such work is

be met in the life after this, in heaven, and those that regularity. To do some genealogical and temple work

must be performed on earth. Faith and repentance may at regular, stated periods, brings large returns in an

be developed in the spirit world. Baptism with water accomplished task, and in inward satisfaction. Those

(strictly an element of earth) a necessary ordinance of who have not tried it, have missed much. One of the

the gospel, can be performed only on earth. great rewards of doing work for the dead is that it inThis makes the dead dependent on us, the living, for sures the organization of the whole human family. The

help. Since the dead cannot themselves submit to ordigovernment of heaven is by families. It is patriarchal.

nances, which are specifically of the earth, yet by divine All who accept the gospel are brought together as a edict are requisite for entrance into the kingdom of union of families, as one great family. Therefore, a part

heaven, the only thing that can be done, since the law of the work for the dead who accept the gospel, is to must not be broken, is for someone living on earth to seal the members of the families together for eternity.

perform these ordinances in behalf of the dead. Such Those who on earth have been married until death parts

vicarious work, of course, becomes effective only when them, are sealed by us for all eternity. To such eternallythe dead accept the work thus done for them. This wedded couples are sealed, for eternity, the children

provides a way, by which, with the help of the living, that were born to them on earth, under the limited marthe faithful dead can attain their full destiny. riage of time.

Unless we, the living, perform such work for the Thus, the chain of families will be welded, even back dead, we set ourselves against the purpose of the Lord to the first man and woman. Thus, the faithful of all

for all his children. This places upon us, of every genages of earth will be as one great family. This is the

eration who are yet among the living, the task of helping structural organization of the race of faithful children to complete the plan of salvation. To such help we are of God. This makes possible many of the most glorious

all committed, by our acceptance of the propositions laid gifts of the plan of salvation.

down in the council in heaven. We agreed there to help The doctrine or sealing power of Elijah is as follows: If

carry the plan to completion. That explains the Prophyou have power to seal on earth and in heaven, then we should

et's statement that our largest obligation is to help open be wise. The first thing you do, go and seal on earth your

the doors of salvation for the dead; and also the warnsons and daughters unto yourself, and yourself unto your

ing that we endanger our own salvation by the neglect fathers in eternal glory, and go ahead, and not go back, but of this duty. use a little wisdom, and seal all you can, and when you get

tell to should your Father heaven seal on earth that what you first help, step such a necessary towards and The to his promise. heaven, according sealed in (Teachings, sufficient be dead, the with of the secure is to names one,

p. 340.) vital data as to parentage, time, and place of birth, marriage, and death. Such genealogical research should It should be remembered that work for the dead must

begin with the information possessed by our immediate be done for each individual separately. Man does the

man, for a work for a woman. The pattern and woman grandparents, greatgrandparents

for earth is the same. heaven and family—parents,will furnish keys and links when books, manuwhich

scripts, and registers are later examined. (Continued on page 574)

SEPTEMBER, 1944 557

Melchizedek Priesthood

V9 w My J jkso*.

SMIFIELDING OF COUNCIL THE TWELVE—JOSEPH OF THE COMMITTEE PRIESTHOOD MELCHIZEDEK BY THECONDUCTED CLIFFORD G. THOMAS E. MCKAY, ROMNEY, MARION EZRA T. BENSON, A. CALLIS, HAROLD B. LEE, CHARLES CHAIRMAN;

E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, NICHOLAS G. SMITH, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS, RUFUS K. HARDY

temple any longer. These brethren have

been living in the temple cottages in St.

George and are being supported by this rTTHE Church aims to keep its members stake. We feel that this method of getting Looking to the Future

the decrease will not completed quota our of Church in form some * engaged Melchizedek of members most vital at Today is so which power, necessary man responis as the necessaryservice. This preocso are quorums * Priesthood writing have present this the time. we At tasks and religious performingsibility of sort or one of activities these cupied with keeping toward collected over $250 leaderrests a activities upondirecting experience officers missions. their in temple that quorum brethren another

ship chosen from among the members. Because of being 135 miles removed from extreme difficulty in carrying on the orSuch leadership can be developed only the St. George Temple, we feel that by dinary priesthood quorum activities and

this work, activity. to for brethren these do providingthrough necessary work on quogetting the of in the problem solve time that a faithwill save and we been demonstrated It has done. projects rum difficult the is at so transportation, which will service to calls forful response

it time. present would circumstances such Under and workers the qualify backwardsoon leadour urging especially also are days are let These down. to We easy be Church important for themprepare to stake the of make various ers in the wards in determination resolute call for which be should members All quorumwork. posthe whenever visits temple to some commitintact and quorum maintaining their time of a portion devote toready uplift personspiritual and for the sible, both

in keeping them organizations and tee the within labors abilities to alsoand toward receive, will and benefit they al if done This be functioning. we must the Church this the for one the is done completing work of the Unless endChurch.

cannot function effectively, and the prohundred thousand names. are to be prepared for the job ahead.

gram designed for the salvation of the family cannot be carried forhuman Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, November, 1944ward.

Each holder of the priesthood must do Text: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from the

his part. The inactive and indifferent Writings and Discourses of John Taylor

ones must be revived and stimulated to bearresponsibility. Every someassume

called priesthood er of the may be to a LESSONPatriarchs41and Patriarchal Blessings ityPriests,of theTeachers,Lesser Priesthood.and Deacons.ImportanceTo Introof

the for Aaronic trained Items Righteousness. on be leadership position and of duce Office Topics: 146149. The Text: pp. Sketch. Some Historical Priesthood. An a call. such of FaRights the Church. to Patriarch of Priesthood. Levitical Items. The Summary servof the meetings Church Patriarch Regular Patriarchs. as thers to The Act The Priesthood? Levitical Is the What roll or of Priesthood the held, the should Preside be ice committee Over Does Not the to Appendage Priesthood Levitical an the Church. studied and membership the quorum Aaronic. Summary. the of relation is the Discuss: What revival for laid plans a classified and the is result the when Discuss: patriarchs? other to What the Patriarch Church to the Holy those upon among whom function? fails Does to Priesthood Aaronic of Pa- "Council of suggestion the a Could Periodiconferred. been has Priesthood points the ten Discuss perfectly? it function find a inspiration, proper triarchs,"under

cal reports by the chairman setting forth suitable place in Church government? What summarized on pp. 155156. What is the

the findings, conclusions and recommenwould that place be according to President Levitical Priesthood? Does it function, exist,

dations of the committee should be made Taylor's information? May fathers act as today? Is it necessary, in the opinion of the

at the meeting of the quorum presipatriarchs? When? Have any fathers in class, to the dispensation of the fulness of

dency. your group taken advantage of this priesttimes? Why, or why not?

authority the has privilege? hood Who 44 to LESSON relais true the patriarchs? ordain What chairman the to report following **T'he Priesthood Lesser of the Work the to the Church to Patriarch the of tion PriestMelchizedek the * of Church Topics: 158161. Ward Text: pp. Wilwas the Church? of government Who from received been has committee hood and the of Teacher Duty Teaching. The Smith? liam

of Moapa L. Bunker Teachers. President Priests. Bryan Appeals. Priest. the 42 LESSON Stake the first two with agree Discuss: you Do Elders Seventies, and Priests, High

topic, the introducing "Ward sentences 26 February of the of Church News Topics: 149153. From Quorum Text: pp. as applicable today they Are Teaching"? reproject of in the quota that our to Priests read Stake. High in Priests we Each High the of is it 159) the If duty (p. in 1887? was names missionary 100,000 the ducing Government. in Church Other Each position the priest "to know teacher and previoushad However, hundred. four Seventy we a and Travel Priest High May AInstruct districts"several their in all the of members as names thousand one to of take decided ly Quorums The Preside. Analogy. An for the management this imply does what is six this hunfigure see, share. of you Herald As Ministers. our Standing Seventies. A ward teaching? of ward direction Do and feel quota, but actual we our above dred Challenge. Salvation. the to reporting of the duty teachers have this goal. to accomplish able will the that of be the purposes are we Discuss: What action take the bishop must bishop? When thousand names these one prorated If governhave priests'Church quorums? high We aggrieved are by If persons savior"? "a as acstake of its our wards various the or aspect, breaks among down in ment, any is their bishops what or teachers of acts the ward. the of population the to cording some on violated, are may principles whom Taylor's President privilege? was What already have time present the high fixed? a we At may responsibility be When teachers? visiting Rereceiving of method eight hundred for over the priest completed work have high the "travel"? priest Does "government the this question: view Can goal have the of percent eighty we or than a names, "preside"right to more any the if of the its fulfill mission work of God"of care take to order In ourselves. to for apply set tasks seventy? common What Lesser the fails? Should Priesthood Lesser loss travel and of is this the with minimum elders? a work seventies, priests, What high full its to carry out trained be Priesthood activities, have wartime we during time Priesthood? of Melchizedek the of purpose

or, the Melchizedek should of work, measure elderof call our three to last missionary ques- a it given two restored? These was Why its ward Taking burden. carry Priesthood origcall stake. was in This the general review ly brethren and for tions are summary in your casein-point practical as a teaching the time. However, three months'for inally purposes. the burden, the carries ward, who own expired, already period has months'three

Priesthood? the Melchizedek 43 or Aaronic, LESSON of desirous brethren the were of and two berelationship is ideal Priesthood the Aaronic The What Why? while indefinitely, their missions continuing

one brother was unable to remain at the Text: pp. 154158. Topics: Responsibiltween the two priesthoods?

558 THE IMPROVEMENT tRA

have a sizeable quorums Many perNO-LIQUORTOBACCO ofbeenfoodsaved,mademanyavailablethousandsformorestarving,tons away from their members ofcentage the peoples, liberated war shortened, forces or employed in the armedhome COLUMN boys lives of American and many In industries. somein supporting by quoConducted

in operabeen prohibition had percent. fifty high as it is as Whenrums Dr. Joseph F. Merrill spared,

this during areas battletorn tion in return will these cease,hostilities men home. That they be placed in gainful global war as it was during the First

War. World imperative. Some will beoccupations for the Women Good counsel will reason wise and When at are employed nowmembers who as known movement national a 1943 relations? in their mutual govern men IN returning replaced will be byhome Inc., was organized Thinkers, Global recently letters received were Two another will present Thisservice men. of Mrs. leadership capable the under only truthseeking having from men two will be There problem.employment of NashBannister McClean Myrtle the Church. acquaintance with a short spirit, in body, broken aresome who ville, Tennessee. Randolph, Verof Bruorton E. Norman 577) on page (Concluded

The general purpose of Global Thinkers mont, in February 1944, experienced the is to combat smoking and drinking among power of prayer in which the missiongirls and women, and to help them return aries taught him to engage. Feeling the

finer femininity. to most he help prayed of divine needThe Spoken Word from for learned a earnestly a result and as organization held its first annual The

hears there is that certainty in Nashville a God who conference, or "Seminar,"Temple Square the of prayers. Convinced were and answers In attendance 1944. 1417, June

(Concluded from page 555) representatives from many states, invalue of living near to the Lord he at cluding Utah. During the threeday once broke an old habit and stopped usfami- ing liquor he and tobacco; and his laid to extend plans were conference, >, Jime (L-ver Runs baptized into devoted and are ly were organization nowAfqaindtTf lA/k of the the influence

rVnE news that speaks from headlines every state of the Union by promoting members of the Church.

* these days indicates dramatically its ideals and securing memberships and Private First Class R. F. Blint of the

how time runs against those who have support among leading women. The 97th Signal Corps recently came in conbuilt on false foundations. The trend of promoters of Global Thinkers feel that tact with the Church through a buddy

current happenings reminds us that smoking and drinking tend to rob from Logan, Utah, read Church literathere are those who can wait, and there women of their feminine charm besides ture including the Book of Mormon, reto give strength through prayer physiceived to them, harmful especially being those whomare those who can't—and received has a testimony, up smoking, spiritually, by reason deeds cally, mentally and are those whose presses mosttime

may, by their very ruthlessness, have of their more delicate and sensitive naand is longingly waiting for the opporpostponed retribution, but who cannot tures. To see a man stupefied by drink tunity to be baptized. He wrote

at last avert it. That which they have is bearable, to see a woman in this conYour religion taught me that with the help

to do, they must do quickly. They are dition is horrible. of God, obtained through earnest prayer and

those who must take desperate chances Mrs. Marian Belnap Kerr (Mrs. the exercise of my own will, I could fully

and pursue their lives hazardously Walter A.) of Salt Lake City, is the repent and be worthy of baptism.

who must place others in peril—who Utah State director, and chairman of Yes, given the will it can be done.

must gamble on expediency and opthe educational staff of Global Thinkportunism. Their works cannot withers, Inc. The Shame of It

scrutiny to the movement. May Success new nor the test of time the stand for are tobacco not good Liquor and achieved! objectives out for its be fully runs truth. quiet Time of calm, entails physical, mental, Their use man.

justice. Time eluding are those who spiritual, losses. moral, economic and the Liquor and War striving are for those who out runs this. informed person Yet Every knows is the liquor war and of question conseof the The to ahead keep frenziedly it is in enlightthat this strange people another. or respect in one recurring misdoings. ever Time their of quences own continue to ened enormous age spend distilleries the to given permission flagrantly have The those against runs who for poisons. destroying these sums Look commaking suspend to country the time of longer the misused official figures, at the it—because following obtained effort durthe for war alcohol mercial falsity is of the likely runs, the more state commissions. from devote of and August ing the month course, exposed. to Of be their position lightly state In the Utah, of popumil- fifty of the making plants to for their runs out time ultimately in sense, a lated, there spent consumers were by for alcohol beverage gallons of often lion prophets all have us. of The fiscal the during 1944, years 1943 and of raised storm a consumers in age the American times of fulness a of spoken respectively, for alcoholic beverages sympathizers prohibition protest not among doubt which world, many the of cigarets, large following the and milthis alcohol others. there make in and To see lived to havewe part—but amounts

grain, desperately of bushels lions lives of in of the is of fulness time also a all men, which may be imminently nearneeded as food by the starving millions Paid for: 1943 1944

er than most of us realize. For any man whom we are liberating in Italy and Cigarets $ 4,993,926 $ 5,160,575

it could be any minute; for most men France, were destroyed. Was not this Beer 8,014,236 7,436,088

Liquor 9,933,548 9,253,094 for a sineven all stoppage shameful? for The soon; it men unexpectedly comes (distilled) of otherwise, any strike or it gle day, is temby for it inevitably; some comes $22,530,211 Total $22,261,256

effort, causes the to devoted war the plant that the calm assurance pered by end of time is merely a convenient deep concern, especially among our boys As seen by these figures and those measure in an endless eternity. And so on the fighting fronts. In this case, essenpreviously published in previous years

it would seem that time is pressing us tial war material plants were out a in this column the consumption of liquor all these days, so urgent are the dewhole month engaged in nonessential and tobacco in Utah has been on the mands, so intense is the living of this and destructive work. Were there not increase during the past three years.

consumption the per capita However, for protest? grounds are solid there breathless generation—but in the the lowest among justified in asking in Utah is not Again, are we runs, and favor time those in whose

because United States banished the Mormon beverages, by alcoholic there why runs time those whom against—large, is relatively population and the the First World law during War from and to wait afford can are those who

these are total live, big majority of people in uniform our men where camps live alall the latter those who can't—and with are abstainers. still faced But be so bannot train, should we work, and assurance uncomfortable the ways with

that time will deliver an inevitable jusished during this war? Is this not a the challenge of winning all our people

is abstinence. total our objecThis question to ask the Administrato terror of the unproper justice is the tice—and tive. vigorously us pursue it Let more Congress? tion and ever runs. time just, against whom

—July 30, 1944. Yes, millions of dollars would have than ever before.

SEPTEMBER, 1944 559 Dear Chairman:

T> y official approval of the board Geiedogy of directors of the Genealogi- +yir* yyyyyjyy?1 until further cal Society of Utah,

notice, names assembled from Welding the First Links CentralCarlson Schoolchildrenandhadfoundattendedthat theschool.four Newly MassachusettsEngland sources,and particularConnecti-

By Herman C. Coray The oldest girl had gone to school five cut, cannot be accepted for clearyears and I had gone fortythree days. ance at the Index Bureau unless

the month of June 1939, I received Our time had again expired. Just berelationships are shown in each

INa patriarchal blessing. I was told fore leaving Pueblo, I put a tiny ad in instance.

that the desire would come to me to the newspaper asking for information This ruling is instituted because seek out the records of my dead kinconcerning any of the three girls whom of the fact that between eighty dred, and that I would have the privilege I now felt sure were my sisters. and one hundred percent of the

of performing for them the necessary names currently compiled for work in the House of the Lord. '"Phe following April 1941, I received temple work from this section of

I knew that as a boy of six years of * a letter from a gentleman who had the U.S. are already endowed. It

age, I was taken from an orphanage in seen the advertisement in the paper. In is, therefore, a great waste of time

Pueblo, Colorado, by Mrs. W. H. Cohis letter he told me he could give the and money to check such records

ray. About a year later she returned to location of one of the girls and "legal again and again to prevent dupliPueblo to find that the home had burned proof of her identity."cations.

and that all records were entirely deThe following August, my wife went Naturally, we shall continue to stroyed. I faintly remembered two sisto Pueblo to bury Frank Carlson, the receive all sheets wherein relaters who were at the orphanage and that man who, I felt, was my father. Letters tionships are established. The

my family name was Carlson. from Sweden proved this to be true. term "relationship"means "faIn August 1940, my wife and I went In June 1942, we went for the fourth ther,""mother,""grandfather,"

"grandmother,""greatgrandfa- the to talked Pueblo. to At once I Pueblo, Colorado.to had selected time We

ther,""greatgrandmother,"and the adsmall had answered man to who advertisementa place stay from an in the newspaper, before leaving the vertisement I had put in the newspaper. son on back; "son,""daughter,"

'grandson,""granddaughter,"and for find him, to a miracle indeedtrain. that the proprietor It was of We found

so in the the only he perhaps person in was nearlythe rooms Pueblo had lived alsot* "cousin,"ft t n "un- i ontt n down;. tt

all his life and was glad to relate some city who knew of my sister's early adopcle, aunt, niece and neph-i early events, including the tragic death tion, with consequent change of name, ew"of different degrees, all showof small girls in an orphanage nearly and of her place of residence which was ing kinship to the family heir. The

"rel."and "rel.-inmiles from seventy nextforty years morning ago. The we about the city. We designation

suffice. law"will not her. to office see were thrilled obtained the newspaperfound and

permission to look through the copies As a result of these four trips we had For the present, the foregoing dated 18961900. After considerable found, first my father, and had properly rule applies to records of the New

earnest searching we found the account buried him; second, one living sister; England states only. At the same

of the tragedy as told the news reporter third, the graves of my mother and sistime, however, we wish to advise by a little eightyear-old girl named ter, Anna; fourth, the records of the all researchers and temple workChristina Carlson, the daughter of death of another sister; fifth, we had ers to proceed with caution in the

genealogies of printed family of finding relatives in Bremerton, use in Carlson. foundFrank these hopes We locality. It is recfrom whatever Washington. an of the deathpapers account of Anna

entire that an before ommended desire in to talk died toCarlson, 1899. later now was who my My We is recopied volume placed and on in cousin that located sister. him. Bremerton. she was my We for onefamily sheets the group the conversation During in to he city imparted the looked directory nowdiscoveredWe express providing purpose of us all the his information he living a found about hadand Frank Carlson about

for a temple work, few ancestry. the usfifteen miles address an names of from He gave town. We visited to the submitted Index names be living in the eightyeighthim. and Sweden, who was years aunt He was

old. He said his wife's name was Ingeaddress of his father in Seattle. Bureau as a test to determine

not or whether have endowments ferry the Seattle crossed After toborg. looking the through on records We previously administered. been to the address givenof results, went but found cemetery a large with no we and

faciliare using the Those who that his father there to unnothingdecided had an moved was more we ties libraries will of lending also city. part of the do. post I wrotecould a known

As soon as we arrived home we wrote card and put on it his father's old adunderstand that even though the rental cost might of a book them dress. might stay in Seattle toto have the Bureau of Census at Washington, We

it a dollar, is better to reorder of before a couple receivedD.C., a for information days and asked conwe

cerning Herman Carlson and any other reply. This seemed to be the best way, the volume than to copy every

Carlson children living at the Frie's however. As I approached the post name with the intent to perform

Orphanage during the 1900 census. I office I saw about twentyfive mail cartemple endowments and then later

was listed with three Carlson girls. riers waiting to get their bags of mornto discover that someone else has

already submitted the same names I ing mail. if of the died asked before. the year one he hadAnna many

.. to the Bureau. Index From the uncle. of address In knew 1941, returned new March He to my we

five times the to of two number. visit took the to card the outPueblo and a lady marked read had who

sheets can the be handled when address in the her wrote one. and usabout newspaper. She new went Weold ratio is of duplications not excesits followed direction uswith to see and Frank idensoon Carlson were and

sive, of course and more many visitingtified with uncle as aunt, father. an him and told She who us my are available to names the made living the were side otherabout of a on now Mr. Johnson had who known for temples ordinance work. city. the visited mother. with Mr.my JohnWe

son and he related some interesting Now that I had definite information Sincerely, relatives inevents about Sweden I asked of a of He spoke my family. help Genealogical Society of ofcousin Genealogical Society. in Bremerton, the Utah who lived Washington. Through its representatives in Sweden Utah,

A search of the L.D.S. ward records the Society has furnished me with one Joseph Fielding Smith,

for any Carlsons who might have been hundred names of my near ancestors. President

members of the Church was not successThese have received their endowments Archibald F. Bennett,

ful. We searched old records of the by proxy and are to be sealed very soon. Secretary

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Aaronic Priesthood

Mi Tk\ Ifh l Ihi wh fc i Bth Wi Wi ih Hrti t JBLJb Jfc Wfc W>i MTh WLwkJil flfc i lWh Ri Wh Kifc.]a.fcwiL Jm-&i-AthJBJlai Wii gffhi Jjfc, fa ffm. % C""'"'x *l(hiTv * % "*4 'K M'C HT--

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP Howard has just graduated from

COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY Qlfutlhrnqiw (Rsu&idtu high school. He finished as student

OCTOBER 1944 body president and valedictorian. During his four high school years he reText: HOW Tp WIN BOYS ceived a straight "A"grade in all of his

Chapter XXI I: Putting Boys on Parade studies. He participated in athletics and

played the leading role in this year's

Quotations from the Text: high school play.

1. attention to should given Real be my It is gratifying that to note this young

little axiom: want BoyWinning 7/ you

in excelling while man, school work, basis, must put a successful you on his to perform was able priesthood success. dramatize HOWARD

teacher present as a and at as a supports and nobody is even Nobody WREN duties interested in a tagend, washedout enpriest, and also act as ward clerk. Sureterprise. ly, Brother Wren has set a worthy ex-

2. And, in the first analysis, there are two ample. He has not sought to excuse

reasons for putting boys on parade. A himself from Church activities because

success successful program means boy his of school work. both has done He

is true; there but, second, is no—that in a reputable most straight manner. A to wishysupport a losing, crowd

in grade school for four "A"years is a enterprise. washy

achievement. bishop His avers that "leavin's,"3. the If the only do real boys get

he is Church as a straight "A"worker in the expect not your comChurch munity to think much of boy classes. well.

for Stress the boys, great work give Ward Clerk at 18 quarters, expert give them fine them supplies teaching, give them and ries, lots of recoglibra- "DishopU FlagstaffRobertWard,LeeSnowflakeKenner ofStake,the yjojuHv Spsuokdu and social life and ntion when merited, and you'll see has submitted the above photograph and adult members eager to support the a brief account of the accomplishments work in every way possible. of his eighteenyear-old ward clerk,

4. Put boys on parade and you'll do Howard Wren.

worlds for the boy himself.

5. Give boys a new religious selfrespect!

If they are merely to be herded every adults to him and gains their interest week, taught (and, at that, harangued) and hopefully their support. It dramevery week, if they are to be jammed atizes that finest thing in the world

into some back corner and yelled at religion for boys and girls. ARTHUR over the backs of church seats—that's LEE

one thing. As previously said, this Helps for the Class Leader:

writer deems it void. If they are to 1. Have the class join in naming the many

put on a bright little dialogue that ways boys are, or may be, "put on pateaches some real lesson, if they are rade"if our youth program in priestto have programs and to take part, if hood, Sunday School, and Y.M.M.I.A.

they are to be, in brief, recognized, then is carried out.

will well the success response up for the ground work in 2. Experiment—lay likes their to be young hearts. boy Any Peoples'Hour"staging "The Young

a part in a "going concern."during some Church service, prefer-

6. Yes, put a boy on parade. It implants ably the sacrament meeting. Let boys

a new confidence. It gives a new and girls give the entire program unChurch activity. It is educational in der the direction of the bishopric or (The following address was dethe finest sense. It draws attention of other presiding officer. livered by Arthur Lee, a priest in

the Pershing Branch, Alberta Stake, 7l&w Siondci/vcL Qm&uwl ChvohjcL dwwunouL StakeCanada,Conference.)during a recent Quarterly

differstrikingly entirely group or belonging boy new and to a quorum A N re- "THE VITALITY OF PARENTAL** will is this recognition pleased ceiving be erent Standard Award Quorum EXAMPLE"announced by the Presiding Bishopric. to have his name appear thereon as one

earliest to God's commands A mongst this in recognition. assisted earning for with Beginning the awards 1944, who

was, "Multiply and Eve Adam and to valuable This will be young or group men as "**the memquorum name of each ber will be professionally written on the the years go by. They can look back replenish the earth."(Gen. 1:28.) In this

face of the Standard Quorum Award. over their records and take pride and the last dispensation he has repeated

This new feature will be very attractive joy in their activities. It may also inthis command so that the legions of

to young men. It should be emphasized spire them with the thought that what choice spirits waiting for their taberby stake and ward workers during the they accomplished once they can do nacles of flesh may come here and go

remainder of the year. again. forward under God's great design to

The design of the Standard Quorum Stake and ward committees should become perfect souls. In this he has

Award will also be entirely new. It is check quorum records now. Many a offered an obligation of the most sacred

attractive in every detail. quorum has been assisted to success by kind, as the fate of that spirit, the blessThe Presiding Bishopric will continue checking its record before it became too ings or punishment which await it in the

to frame the awards as in the past. late. Many quorums have failed, too, behereafter, depend in great part upon the

With these new features, the award cause no check up was made until the care, teachings, and training which the will be very much worth while. Every year's end. ( Concluded on page 562

SEPTEMBER, 1944 561 CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Youth Speaks

{Concluded from page 561) WARD TEACHERS parents give it. Therefore, this is an The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and them; kind, and strengthen sacredobligation of the most with hardness neither is church, in the iniquity there that see no And strict to a parents will holdthe Lord speaking; evil backbiting, lying, nor other, neither each

accountability. the that all also see together often, that and meet the church see And

life almost of years tender the During their (D. C. 20:5355.) duty. do & members

everything children learn, say, or do is accomplished by following their parget old after theyents'examples. Even exVWatd ZJeacheM lfl/le65aqe for kJctober, 1944 the for themselves, to thinkenough

definite their parents have a ofamples chilGET OUT OF DEBT All actions. theirbearing upon

dren idolize their parents to a certain ur leaders have cautioned us continuously to pay up our obligationsextent and whatever their parents do, o and to live within our incomes. Time was when Latterday Saints

right or wrong, is all right in their eyes. listened seriously to this counsel. Some are still listening and doing their

is It obedience. their will follow Blessings this admonition. follow best to this exof heard us have many How

counsel. this to heedless rather are that feared, however, many the wayside uttered plaintivelycuse by

right, all is debt of said, "Getting out is to reported have person One it, so they folkswanderer, "Well, do my to going I'm that interest long so now paying skimping and I've been but it or, and does kick,"can't dad "My I'll before. afford to I able not been pleasures have luxuries and the enjoy with him"?nothing's wrong

that certain very this be person later Yes, may on."the debts about worry is life all is It that universal a law begin regrets may "later and worry His on."his debts will about worry he formativesusceptible to and outward suspects. than longer last he much and sooner much ratio ininfluences increasing accordan authorgeneral the said, subject, farmer this a "When on same Speaking yet corn of age. toing ear when An debt, of get out obligations and to ities advise pay up the of me my Church

its ofgreen have whole a row may It see. I not possibly do that ahead it see something that they to means me

it yet, ernels beremoved, and when of is It is the right. word lining up."I'm is the of and He the Lord word

it this ripe, sign will of nocomes show it. is it look upon to so the Lord, and wisdom child surgery.vegetable a young So the ignore, to, or listen it is business whether we course, our own Of while vice a removed have manymay us. dictate to They to disposition leaders. no have of counsel our They

in the plastic as remains hands clayhe the as Lord to us people. speak his to the They servants of Lord the are

it is his privilege to thoseof mold whose that suggest to continuously urged them in has heaven directs. Father Our

if ischaracter. beto allowed he But counsel. this will us obey wise of debt."among out "get The we

is the before old the made, changecome that is It reported shut down. already plants have of the "boom"Some

if willscar exthe always even remain destitute salaries, were fabulous employees, drawing instances, in many some inperiment succeeds. a temper bad A If not reemployment had shutdowns. these following thirty within days

sweetened,young be child may proverbial in the standing have been available, they would readily but the been oldacid temper of an man reluctantly that of these It is safe some to assume immediately. line"almost "bread

unites with any sweetening influences. are among those who pay little or no attention to the counsel of the Lord as

The susceptibility of children to outgiven through the leaders of the Church.

ward influences is due to their powers of Men and women in nearly every commercial activity are being paid imitation. Originality is not a virtue of wages beyond their fondest dreams. The demand for help and the lure of

childhood, hence if we wish to influence "big money"have reached far down into the teenage group. We are riding

the acts of a child we must set him an on the crest of a wave of prosperity. Let us not forget that waves have a

example. We must act as we wish him habit of flattening out when the cause of their turbulence is removed or of

to act. beating themselves into uselessness upon the shore. Those who thoughtWhen a baby is asleep, all the houselessly, carelessly, disregard this fact, in financial affairs, must inevitably

fate. the share same lesthold softly him, moves they wake

will. matter times profit these prosperous from if we can No But we isbut he should they when move, awake

present is, it the to will us when financial be a great shock status our whatthink, and. lest softly speak they more

awaken in him that which no nursery wave is stilled. But bills and debts marked "paid in full"will cushion the

lullaby can ever lull to sleep again. The shock and make for an easy and far more pleasant adjustment.

"Live within of debt,"your incomes,"of debt,""Stay out out "Get is child studentyoung of an apt human our leaders to us all. are familiar exhortations from kindred andnature. cannot deceive per-—these as him You

haps you think. A child interprets many Think seriously and beget wisdom. Be wise and obey, now.

a glance with unerring accuracy.

With all this in mind then, we may say that parents go out into the world isolated from universal significance. Parents, your child is a bound volume

on the brows of their sons. All their Your children will bear witness of you of blank paper, paper on whose pages

hopes, prayers, and examples are writinto the great tide that never ebbs. The are to be written the record of your

ten there. How careful then should they story of the fireside is written in the own life, so be careful what you allow

be with regards to these "reports"they great cathedrals, in the senate, and on to be written there. The secrets of your

are sending into the world. the marble front of the brilliant temples innermost soul are the very copy which

Parents, your lives are not insignifiof trade. Abraham Lincoln once said: the trembling hand of your child is trycant. They are not, and cannot be, Everything I am, I owe to my mother. ing to write.

562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

is made by 7/%&Z#t fU/ Durkee's Margarine2),'ear m: an improved process which

churns the pure vegetable oils seen you in so many different right in with the fresh pasteur-

I'veplaces this past summer—on ized skim milk. IN foods and

counters, busses, at lunch crowded them, you'll love the flavor in ON stores,clerking at fiveand-tencent greasy coveralls, and as farmerettes of Durkee's Troco Margarine you who are wondering whether within a few short weeks you should enter SPREAD.. COOK,. BAKE.. FRY

college.

Basic the of 7 hear a lot One you should. Of course We Foods recommendage the marvelousabout postwar which in the U. ed S. Nuis about to dawn. You are to be a part trition Food Rules.

of that postwar era. But did you ever

stop to think that the postwar world will be little different from what we have always known as long as prewar thoughts and concepts predominate?

You've got to prepare yourself and then serve as a committee of one to see that <&**** yesterday's mistakes aren't repeated tomorrow. S*M-*T>-H fMSNi

What college should you enter? That

depends on you. If your goal is a techurfc

nical field, then that college or university that can best help you attain it is your choice. If there is an institution of mo0\higher education that you can attend K-OLEOMARGAMNl

while living at home, one whose credits aren't too greatly slashed if a transfer to another campus is made, it would be foolhardy to elect another school of equal status where you would have to board and room in a strange town, all things being equal. As one looks back

to the college experience, in future years, the school near home has decided advantages.

What abilities must you have? Every

catalogue outlines scholastic entrance requirements. Newspaper experience

(high school or other) may be helpful in enabling you to reduce a professor's lectures into the notes that you'll use when an examination is on its way.

Shorthand may also be useful for the same reason. But you'll develop your

own shorthand system even if you haven't been introduced to Gregg or

Pitman. Before long the letter "B"may

mean British in history notes; the poet

Byron in English literature notes; the

wellknown vitamin group in home economic notes; but here's hoping that it

indicates the lowest mark you'll ever see TEA GARDEN report card.on your

should your courses be? PRESERVES heavy How

This also depends on you. Ascertain

how many credits are needed to obtain... something to remember a meal by. An allfamilyfavorite.

your degree and divide by the normal matriculating period for the minimum carriedload in a given to be term. Now,

registration excessdiscover where fees A ME RICA'S FIN EST OVER A L L begin. Under ordinary circumstances SINCE 1850

this will be your maximum college work in a given period. If a term average

isn't what it should be, take less worknext time, but don't do less work. LEVI'S THERE'S A REASON—

Will college affect your religious Others can't imitate LEVI'S!

point of view? Certainly. You have

progressed from your points of view of ago.four years the next four During LEVI STRAUS! A NEW PAIR FREE faster you're going to learnyears things

than you ever believed possible. But IF THEY RIP

courses in science can strengthen your NON- (Concluded on page 564) SCRATCH CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS

SEPTEMBER, 1944 563 Here's How to Tell Dear Myra Registrationof many prospectivefees are highstudents,in the mindsbut I (Concluded from 563) page university college or which of no know Which Milk is Best beliefs, them. Perhaps not weaken you taxes, to upon does not have draw

remember reading this several years church funds, or private endowments to ago: help maintain its institutions. So, when

Up to the time I was in medical college I you enter college, society willingly regarded as myself an unshakeable, unconin you. Don't let investment an makes

,. vertible atheist. one Then day something several brands of evaporated milk, each open Buy can it for something. yourself Train down. life. happened that changed. my

wide. for color, Check texture each milk flavor. and teacher, secretary, laboratory School Grant, a disnoted anatomist, David was Note Morning Milk's natural, appetizing color! secting a body and lecturing to our class. technician—the choice is yours, but

Suddenly he paused, turned to us and said: train yourself for something. Too many

"Gentleman, here in this human organism graduates have not taken this precauis a complete refutation of what is called tion. And they are not limited to one

atheism. being reasonable can look upon No of group

construction the miraculous arrangeand either, A intelligencebrilliant studentor socialmay strata,find a in this of ment organs without acbody knowledging that some Creative Power professor or a department that will inabove and beyond human comprehension sure the best marks—and marks are

must have been responsible for them. what make students, parents, and

"No one can deny that every creation must friends happy. In such a rut a student

Pour each brand of milk into a pitcher or sauce dish. have a creator. There must be some Power, will stay for years, all the time receivFirst or Cause, to whatever wish you call ing that peculiar grades cause disease a

the because Look at Morning Milk's rich, creamy texture.. God, mere of mechanics human in associates enas gveenus known procreation not cannot explain and do how In viouscus. these never days know we It a man's into existence. comes body seems

to me that doctors, above all others, should when a woman will have to return to be truly religious, dealing constantly as they work and temporarily or permanently do with this inexplicable miracle. When I be the financial support of her family.

say that doctors should be religious I mean Preparedness, therefore, is the only wise that they should be humble, prayerful men policy.

that recognize a operwho Supreme Power just to receive going You're what you in ates affairs. human into university put a course whether you "If to into delve deep were you enough

class in head scholarship are your or the soul,"Dr. continued, "I human Grant

let interdetermined not to classwork don't find think you'd being earth a on who with taste Then, a spoon, each milk fere with undiluted—college education. your does spiritual possess kind not of some

it just as test! comes the from the real There's it's yearning, In unformulated conclusion, inner some to a mistake sense to go

has Morning a finer Milk quality flavor. is that there can.flavor—a a Power beyond any college human thinking you'll get a better educan taste the difference! You instinctively in power, inclines to which he cation afforded than parents, your was

time times of need. of each to us At seems it and once completed, take can you reach in solution the his end dead a of probeasier than could. and RathDad Mom it lems; that to is then outlook begin we

if er, set attain a goal, you degree, your for side ourselves help. said, Lincoln once

'I have been driven to my knees by the overand then go out and work as hard as whelming conviction that I had nobody else your folks did, no door of endeavor to go to.'Yes, there is a tonic in prayer, will be permanently closed to you.

to and I'd be willing with wager any of you And I wish now in closing may you that the read were to on if you Sermon the the kind that of determination doesn't every day for Mount you'd fifteen days find trust to luck?

beneficial something entering your "* definitely Sincerely, life

Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

But the religious side of yourself must keep pace with your other learning.

Let a thing become inactive and it dies, quickall too death follows and decay Handy Hints you, and Buy Finer - Flavored will only when come ly. Harm

temptation the to alone, succumb you to go too busy that you're tired to get up too night; or Tuesday that are idea two submitted, with the sameMORNING MILK on to Mutual onePaymentdollar uponfor Handypublication.Hints Inusedthewilleventbe

fall the If by you for the earlier Sunday School. will postmarked one receive the

wayside, you, and your family, and the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

folks next door, may conveniently but each will receive careful consideration.

XX=XX=KX=<>c=><>c5<xzxx=xx=xx=x>cxx=x)cxx=* blame college life, but in the last analyfor less frying Potatoes in French cook boilingx We Specialize in x sis,Shallyou areyouthe workcollegewhilelife. attending time then if covered with water and

if of you're one Yes. school? Even drained and dried quickly.—Mrs. G. H., the doesn't need persons rare those who Hinckley, Utah. Ij experithe assistance, financial need C| you S U interest Special to be added books by may x forM Schools Churches, and achieveof your You'll prouderx be ence.

in picture pasting of the a author which you if the Care hard way. they ments come xx in Instrumental and Vocal in across or might newspapers come magaselec- in the used, however, should be notes read. reviews, or heard on zines—alsoX Solos, Choirs, Bands, Orit Ideally tion of be jj employment. would visualize reauthor the compare and To

% chestras; also Victor, Coljj based on the theory that "a change is viewer's opinion with one's own is especially

interesting. Falls, Idaho. rest."close Idaho Mrs. E. as work, as a S good Any records. other and umbia\ J typing, proofor bookkeeping, as such

biscuits to serve with making When discontinNotwithstanding Government just y so be readingy probably much would other or chicken creamed and any meat of of pianos uance manufacture and Xx change, close and work, hence no more limited instruments, have band we cut combination, with V dough- a gravy themyx full information. stocks. for Write X rest. no fill cutter. cavity the the nut with Then

The fees and expenses are too high? meat mixture when serving. The appear5I 47DAYNESSo. Main St. MUSICSalt LakeCO.City 1X ft Christian*"I WasHerald,an Atheistas condensedUntil—,"in OrrinThe Reader'sKeating, Digest,M.D., anceto cutis withvery aattractivefork thanandis itanisordinarymuch easierbisNovember 1942, pp. 5758. cuit. Mrs. G. F. P., Seattle, Washington.

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Cooks Corner

Josephine B. Nichols jfl'fmscwrs

Just like Grandma's...

Late Summer Recipes for Late Summer and they almost'make themselves Luncheons

How about passing around a plate of piping hot

Bologna Cups with Hot Potato Salad biscuits at your table tonight? No trouble at all

when you use Globe "Al"Biscuit Flour!

slices of 6 bologna all It's—readymixed you is add do milk 2 cold cups potatoes cooked or—water. biscuits marvelous what you have And 2 pickles sweet—light delicately crusted and goldenbrown 2 hard cooked eggs nicest jelly! of your or worthy jam homemade

1 tablespoon chopped for ration Biscoupons needed Globe "Al"onion No 2 tablespoons vinegar Flour. cuit of the out can you box same And

dressing salad to moisten also shortcakes, wonderful make dumplings,

Leave casing on outside of bologna slices. coffee cake and other A-l treats.

Place in frying pan and heat until edges curl up to form a perfect cup. Fill with hot

potato salad made by mixing remaining ingredients in the top of a double boiler and heating. Place filled bologna cups on a

platter and garnish with crisp parsley and tomato wedges.

Ham a la King in Cheese Noodle Ring

Yz pound noodles 3 eggs

grated cup American cheese %1 cup milk salt teaspoon Yz Y&Y cupteaspoondry breadpeppercrumbs

Cook noodles in large amount of boiling water until tender. Drain. Beat eggs. Add

milk, cheese, and seasoning. Mix thoroughly. Pour into wellgreased ring mold that

has been dusted with bread crumbs. Set

mold in pan of hot water; bake in oven at

350 F. for 25 to 30 minutes. Loosen edges

Save* sugar shortening. and Globe you knife.of with mold serving on large Unmold

Biscuit blend Flour expert of "Al "Fillplate. center with creamed ham, fish, flour, milk, shortening, sugar, powderedis an

or vegetable. sail and baking powder.

Tomato Salad StackUp A-T SHORTCAKE... Everybody's favorite!

red, ripe tomatoes canned A deliciousfruits andway berries.to use Followyour homerecipe

cottage cheese on the package for an A-l shortcake so green pepper tender it melts in your mouth.

pimento lettuce mayonnaise Mix cottage cheese with minced green pepper and minced pimento or use chopped stuffed olives. Use this mixture as a filler

between thick tomato slices. Arrange on lettuce leaves; top with mayonnaise and a

large ripe olive. Peg with a toothpick.

Baked Delicious Apples CASSEROLE TOPPING. love..Men 6 medium apples, cored A-l their on

raisins cup ite pie. this meatlight, as a fluffyWonderfultopping Yz favormeat

for any casserole... use the biscuit recipe the package. on Y3 tablespoonscup sugar of flour Stretcher

Yz teaspoon cinnamon 3 tablespoons butter 34 cup chopped walnut meats Yi cup water A juice cup orange Yz GLOBE Biscuit Flour apples Arrange in greased baking dish.

raisins.Fill center with flour, sugar, Combine 1

cinnamon, and butter; until crumbly; mix add

walnuts; sprinkle over apples. Pour water Hare you tried these other famous

juice apples.and orange around Bake in GLOBE "Al"PRODUCTS? (375 hotmoderately hour, oven F.) one

basting every fifteen minutes. Serve with Enriched Globe Al"Flour

cream. Pancake & Waffle Flour Buckwheat Pancake Flour

Flour Biscuit Cake Flour Cinnamon Peach Shortcake

Flour Whole Wheat Flour Graham 2 cups cake flour Yellow or White Corn Meal Hominy Grits salt teaspoon Yi 2 teaspoons baking powder Globe "Al"Spaghetti, Marcaroni and Egg Noodles

Yz teaspoon soda all quality products made in the west for over 40 years!

Y cup sugar ( Concluded on page 567 SEPTEMBER, 1944 565 n

JWmaB*-.-IV

How Crop 70 tractor & 2-row Potato Digger

... yet it's easy to handle and Are you a commercial potato grower? and rough use in the field

If the answer is "yes,"then you know what it means to to adjust and puts little strain on the tractor because it's so light in draft.

handle your crop with a potato digger that really gets is the first digger to be equipped with down and goes to work—a digger that can cover your The Oliver No. 4

field in a hurry and push up potatoes in good, clean the convenience of a Power Lift. All the operator has

condition without scuffing or scarring. to do is give an easy pull on the trip rod and up come

the digger points. After making the turn at the headThis is the kind of performance Oliver's No. 4 tworow land another easy tug and down go the points ready

digger has been delivering to its owners for many years. for work—all without stopping the tractor. This is a

Here's a machine that's sturdy, built for hard service great help during these days of hurry to get things done on time.

The digger mechanism operates through the tractor fit all well power takeoff—precisionbuilt by Oliver to

known makes of tractors.

Machines are still rationed and materials are scarce, but if you're thinking of a new digger, think of a new

Oliver. And then get in touch with us. Perhaps we

can help you.

Treat your Oliver tractor as a fighter pilot treats his plane. Keep it fit for the job. Check and service it

regularly. Replace worn parts promptly. Let your MounRow Crop 70 tractor & Mounted Beet Lifter tain States dealer give your tractor and other tools a

thorough going over. But remember, these are busy

Oliver's mounted beet lifter is designed to meet the days, so place your service work and repair order with exacting demands of thousands of beet growers. This him EARLY.

machine steps through a field and does a complete "once over"job. Each beet is raised in a crown of

loose dirt... stays sweet and doesn't dry out while MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO.

waiting for the topping gang. Quick, easy to handle. OGDEN. UTAH

No cutting or bruising of beets. Branches; Ogden and Tremonton, Utah; Preston, Blackioot,

Idaho Falls, Shelley, Twin Falls, Buhl, Rupert and Rexburg, Idaho.

7169?9JfCT |E"pOLiVEit

566 THE IMPROVEMENT fcRA Cook's Corner Johnson.necessary Thesearrangementsbrethrenwithwerethemakinghead

{Concluded from page 565) chaplain to start L.D.S. meetings in this

l/2 cup shortening area. The latter inquired of them durYi cup buttermilk or sour milk ing the course of their business if they

3 cups sliced fresh peaches had met the L.D.S. chaplain assigned to

34 to 3 cup sugar the 103rd Station Hospital. Thus

1 teaspoon cinnamon Brother Ricks was contacted and they

Sift flour with salt, baking powder, soda, organized the final steps for the first and sugar. Cut in shortening until mixture group service in this section. There were m

buttermilk. crumbs. coarse resembles Add in soldiers other L.D.S. about twenty follows fork around until dough Mix just first service at Naples'which pan. attendance 8-inch square greased out in Pat bowl. M Ricks presided over by Chaplain was minutes. for 425 F. twenty in oven Bake

presented mentioned the above two XJ*3** sliced who Fill top with and shortcake. Split hot

peaches, sprinkle with remaining sugar and brethren's names to the members as cinnamon. Serve with cream. group leaders and they were unanimously approved by the usual raising of

hands. The first few meetings were announced only in the chaplain's R.B.S. UTAH tct&crcct'Retail Wrapping Paper weekly bulletin. At the present time,

Shortage lains,throughin additionthe effortsto theof ouraboveL.D.S.announcechap-

.Last services held regular lines ment, year reports weekly bus our carried Board Production over half all of WarThe

the passengers that travelled Bari, Sardinia at Foggia, Naples, and public * of on existing reserves the that already carriers. In many communities are buses "Latcaption the advertised are under exhausted. almost are paper wrapping the only of form public transportation. other separate Saints"from terday papers civilian wrapping of supply The Overland is Greyhound all putting its in morning the denominations Saturday 1942. under or is more running 60% resources into helping with thebiggest transdaily newspaper, edition of our their army give to expected be cannot Stores portation all job of time. after VicAnd

paper, Stars This Yank and Stripes. The wrapping service to and wrapping usual Overland Greyhound again

forces, edition Italian has for the armed chapter tory—lookfor a. new reused. in comfortable, and consaved must be papers

Shoppers can cooperate here. quite a wide distribution throughout the venient, scenic, highway transportation.

Mediterranean theater of operations. OVERLAND

Teaching Devices GREYHOUND Melchizedek Priesthood Operated by After the War (Concluded from page 559) INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES

Dducation is anticipating increased and mind. They must be helped to find

*-* use of frequency modulation broadtheir place in civilian society once again.\

casting. In the future more will be done Each quorum should be a brotherwith school radio programs. hood looking after the welfare of its

Opening up the frequency modulation members, helping to solve for each his field is like opening up a new subdiviproblem of adjustment and employment.

sion, the U.S. commissioner of educaAre you, as the personal welfare comtion says. Five air channels next to the mittee of your quorum, anticipating

commercial F-M broadcast channels these problems? Are you preparing

have been reserved for educational inways to meet your obligation? Will

stitutions. Schools should plan now your returning members receive in your

for the future. Enough has been done in quorum a sympathetic, intelligent recep-

a few places to show what a boon radio tion? Will they find an able functioning

can be to education. brotherhood to which they can turn for

the assistance necessary to a solution of their problems? Here indeed is scope

for personal welfare committee action.

Activities in Italy (Concluded from page 547) chaplain's L.D.S. our Through initiaDeseret Theater previously additional tive boys many

unknown have been contacted and (Concluded from page 548) brought into activity. Our services, order system for reserving tickets will

however, do not only include members be in operation this year. This will

of the Church but each week several greatly aid all theatergoers in obtainfriends and visitors are in attendance. ing seats.

Many of the latter have become regular Due to the organization's increased attendants availing themselves of the activities, patronage, and drama proopportunity of hearing the truths of the gram for the future, the need for a new gospel expounded. Only recently our and exclusive theater is being felt. The

Foggia group was reorganized and is erection of a Deseret Theater building now presided over by Brothers George is a goal very dear to the heart of every

I. Cannon, Ralph G. Holton, and WalDeseret Theater member, and the work,

den W. Johnson, group leaders; and Ertalent, and art of every individual are

vin Clark, secretary. being directed to this end.

In the Naples area, soon after the The Deseret Theater pledges anew its

German evacuation, our chaplain, Brothaim to bring the finest stage shows poser Eldin Ricks, was located through insible to lovers of this art, and thanks its formation received from Peninsula Base many friends for their loyal support section head chaplain by Brothers during the past four years of its orClaude J. Burtenshaw and Walden D. ganization.

SEPTEMBER, 1944 567 Mr

wS'.

BETTER THAN ONE A MINUTE!

In six months 5000 McCormickDeering fighting for food throughout the country.

dealers repaired more tractors of all makes More help is now on the way.The government

than International Harvester built in the has authorized increased production ofFarmalls three years before the war. and Farmall equipment.We are building with all

possible speed. But here's the thing to remember:

That's putting power back on the land at an alltime recordbreaking clip—one tractor every You're going to need all the equipment

50 seconds/ you have and all you can get for a long time to * come. Keep your machines in firstclass shape.

McCormickDeering dealers will help you.

You men on farms know better than anyone They operate the greatest farm what this service work has meant to war food equipment service and repair force production. When war cut farm machine proin the nation.

duction to almost nothing McCormickDeering

Schedule your work now. HARVESTER dealers lit into repair work on the greatest scale

in history. The job they are doing now is INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY

winning a new place for them in the forces 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago 1, Illinois

6 SERVICE WILL PULL YOU THROUGH 568 THE IMPROVEMENT LRA Book; andof thethemoderngreat changegirl fromin thethatpointof theof olderview SOLUTION OF AUGUST PUZZLE

(Concluded from page 540) showsgeneration.the tragedyIn "The thatHelpmate"sometimesthe authorresults

plotted form. The author has done an exfrom the adopting of some of the new ideas

ceptionally creditable piece of work, for without thorough preparation for the she has verified the essential framework of change. This book will do much to reveal

history, and then built her fictional approach the spirit of Modern China. M. C. /.

the facts.around

for the most part, is good, THEATER CARAVAN The writing, and the story will prove of interest to those (Alma Benecke Sasse. Doubleday, Doran &

who have an interest in history. M. C. J. Company, Inc., Garden City, New

York. 1943. 238 pages. $2.00.)

THE TIME FOR DECISION Oldfashioned dances, studentdirected (Sumner Welles. Harper and Bros., New dramatics make of this book an emphatic

York. 1944. 431 pages. $3.00.) reason why this should be widely read. The

Tn this book, Sumner Welles reaches a new story is good—and the emphasis is even

better. deals story with The Carvel Terry thinker, serious* height as a conone who

friends. her and Terry, senior in the uniasiders the of time angles well when many

that found direct could she plays to versity, will cease done be must and whatwar in as as well act them. she The manway thatsee again. occur does Wellnot war

to help herself aged and others makes good,written, leading informative unusually onAxis figures, and original in its point of wholesome reading.—M. C. /.

view, this book proves stimulating reading.

Of course, many readers will not agree with all that Mr. Welles says, nevertheless

all will do well to consider the book separate from any heroworship which the author indulges for the president, although Mr.

Welles clearly recognises that the presidentcan err. Particularly carefully weighed and MIAconsidered is part three of the book which

deals with World Organization and The

Part We Must Play.

deserves This book careful, unbiased conReading Course Books sideration. M. C. J.

TRADITIONAL CHINESE TALES (Translated by ChiChen Wang. Columbia 194445

University Press, New York.

1944. 225 pages. $2.75.) Officially adopted and enthusiastically recommended are

this collection of tales ChineseTnto go these inspirational books:* the loveliest, best, of typical most many

stories of ancient China. This volume paints

an interesting picture of the China prior to the revolution. The author states in his Executives—"THE GOSPEL KINGDOM".$2.25

preface that in the twenty tales included in Writings of PRESIDENT JOHN TAYLOR this volume, "the reader will find practically all the themes of traditional Chinese fiction thatexcept of the historical romance and Special Interest—"THE CHURCH IN WAR AND PEACE"...$1.00 the realistic novel."

In this volume the two types of traditional By STEPHEN L RICHARDS tale are included: those written for and by

the literati in the classical Chinese, thosehaving their origin in the oral tradition of M MenGleaner—"THE ROBE"$2.75

professional story tellers, written in the By LLOYD C. DOUGLAS

vernacular. Several of the stories will be

of great interest to the readers who for the first literature will time the into be delving $2.00 SEE"Junior—"I WANTED TO

this of is country. great of the best One By BORGHILD DAHL titled Dragon's Daughter"and shows "The

consistency of plot development. "The

Magic Pillow"is another story which will Senior Scout—"FAITHPROMOTING STORIES"$1.00

interest. of special prove But then, who can Compiled by PRESTON NIBLEY delightful tell which, if not tales all, of these

will open a completely new and fascinating world to the reader? M. C. /. Bee Hive—"TRAVELER'S CANDLE"$2.00

CONTEMPORARY CHINESE TALES By FLORENCE M. UPDEGRAFF

(Translated by ChiChen Wang. Columbia

University Press, New York.

1944. 242 pages. $2.75.) Scout—"CANYON OF WHISPERS"$2.00

A companionTales, this bookbook dealsto Traditionalwith the Chinesecurrent, By L. A. WADSWORTH

shifting scene in China. And the stories are

poignant bits plucked from the living of the people whose interests have been changed so drastically during the past forty or fifty years.

One of the most poignant and at the same time the most timely of the stories, "The DESERET BOOK COMPANY

Road,"deals with the present war. And it 44 East South Temple Street

reveals the indomitable Chinese spirit which Salt Lake City 10, Utah... P. O. Box 958

permeates the common man in China today.

The book also reveals the conflict that necessarily arises with a changing scene. "THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"

"Mrs. Li's Hair"clearly indicates the gap

between the generations in their thinking

SEPTEMBER, 1944 569 in these various situations is suggested below.

Another difficulty sometimes encounMusic is beyond choir music is that much *rrwv* *>>> >> '* "{ teredLt<C.l<?ggCSi4g&gg<ttggilJiiL volunteer ability of some the musical

solution offer a choirs. Here may we available, if rector, may not already songs, easyto-learn suggesting some by Choir being. into YourBegin called or to be have made the twenof All listed below. are which has missionary instance, a For many easier most listed than are selections ty

choirdi-Season or chorister as duty Now done anthems.

at mission, but home a rector while on that our Heavenly sure be may We work. Somecalled to such been has Schreiner, not Alexander By efforts choir our judge not Father does

training, music people times with some Organist, Member, and Tabernacle of difficulty, nor basis musical of a on with if willing to reticent, will work be Committee Music Church efforts are perfection. musical Our

if personrelieved of they choir can be a is in hearts that the our love judged by is where This problems. business nel and is the most efforts. September of sincerity our of month the'T'he Of and

valuable. president choir can be a A * in will year the congregations more of be our season course promising

then comsecretary dependable good, if rechoir. singers the a pleased have The had to a launch wardwhich interest It is of organization. pletes the

their the vacations during from hearsal week. One sometimesingers had have

all picchoirs the to of that note whose will be to half hours, hour, resume activity are or a andchoir ready one and last three in the tures appeared have for practice. time choir year's amplethe Moreover, program.

in the completely been years have Era intime harvest the ofthe abundance Sing to coinfact organized. a This be may What to all render religious peoplevites

it is clear that wellor- cidence, but a It is our opinion general the among all giver good. of the in tothanks song

betfunctions generally ganized body conthat the music musicians Church "I will It is thanksgiving. the of season

one. ter organized poorly a than Anin Saint tained I our Latterday I Hymns live: long assing the as unto Lord

is the well idea other apwhich works still is for practical choir the and I most to praisewill have sing while God my in perpart of voice pointment each a use. the beauof congregational Many psalmist. being,"the sang somy of the supervise attendance to son memtiful for especially written were hymns

seorganization begin us our Let in parts. by the bers respective Carethe Choir George Tabernacle by

lecting workers, quartet of a congenial stumbling block apfirst major The less, Stephens, Evan Joseph J. Daynes, needsnone of whom necessarily all to pears that perhaps it is found when others. Beesley, Ebenezer and

sing. to these four peoBut howknow Then, in the the tenors have ward gone to too, sing well to to continue we will do

choir.ple will consist run the They is this of war. discouraging, most While relating the inspiring presto the poetry

a choir president, a secretary, a director, it need not stop our plans for a choir. ent gospel dispensation, as written by

and an organist. Or, perhaps, there are no men at all Parley P. Pratt and Eliza R. Snow.

We may assume that the ward alavailable who can sing. Then we can Therefore, let us use more than ever

ready has an organist who will be happy plan a woman's choir of two or three these splendid, inspired songs. They

to accompany the choir. A choir diparts for the duration. Music for use (Continued on page 572)

1850—UNIVERSITY OF UTAH—1944

SERVICE THROUGH EDUCATION THE STATE'S FIRST AND LARGEST INSTITUTION OF HIGHER LEARNING

OFFERS COURSES IN THE FOLLOWING SCHOOLS:

ARTS < LETTERS MINES & ENGINEERING

MEDICINE BUSINESS EDUCATION LAW LOWER DIVISION SOCIAL WORK GRADUATE WORK EXTENSION DIVISION * (Nursing Education) AUTUMN QUARTER REGISTRATION DATES

SEPTEMBER 7, ENGINEERING & PSYCHOLOGY EXAMINATION

SEPTEMBER 8, FRESHMEN ASSEMBLY

SEPTEMBER 9, FRESHMEN REGISTRATION

SEPTEMBER 11, REGISTRATION OF SOPHOMORES, IUNIORS, SENIORS,

AND GRADUATE STUDENTS SEPTEMBER 12, CLASS WORK BEGINS "Six hundred cadet nurses have already been trained in this program

COMPLETE 194445 CATALOGUE NOW AVAILABLE—WHITE OR CALL AT OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT

UNIVERSITY DF UTAHSALT LAKE CITY

570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IS HERE MECHANIZATION... in the Sugar Beet Industry

-'4:1%...,,!

Left: Normal beet seeds are clusters of seed germs that produce several plants and Row of beets produced from segmented seed, demonstrating why little thinning is rerequire much thinning. Right: Newly developed segmented seed; 80 to 90 percent are singlequired.

germ seeds.

Many changes have occurred since 1852, when a a> sixtywagon train loaded with primitive sugar refin-

U"sugar1* in9changemachineryhas beencrossedmore theimportantplains orto Utah.revolutionaryBut no

than that of mechanization—whereby the drudgery

ol hand labor in sugar beet agriculture is largely eliminated.

This new development has been made possible through the segmentation of the beet seed; that is, normal seed, which

yields a cluster of plants that must be thinned, is broken into segments producing 80 to 90 per cent single plants. Thus the

laborious job of thinning is greatly reduced.

Machines have now been developed that almost complete the work of thinning. Then, at harvest time, other machines

lift, top, and windrow the beets, ready for the new mechanical loader that puts them into trucks at the rate of five tons in five to ten minutes.

The UtahIdaho Sugar Company is proud to have an active part in these new developments that are helping farmers to gain more profit from their beet lands with less hardship than ever before.

This new machine, the Dixie Thinner, almost entirely eliminates the necessity of thinning by hand. The twin whirling knives at the rear cut out the excess beets.

loader. is this beet It picks up the beets and mechanical device laborsaving great A This new harvester tops the beets mechanically.

to ten minutes. tons in five the rate into of five a truck at loads them

UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY Factories in Utah, Idaho, Montana, Washington, and South Dakota

SEPTEMBER, 1944 571 Music grouptenor part.3, the contraltos may sing the everwork before.this year, and this month, than

(Continued from page 570) Now, blessings on you choir directors one there and be more all. May inspire the gospel, the Saints preach and new forSongschoir selecteduse. from the L.D.S. hymn book

this ones to begin happy and sacred for ideal material They are who listen.

ward choirs, and for all our choirs in our Group 1: For full choirs of four parts.

services. Church \ PrattCareless Breaks Morning 1. The THIRD CHOIR, POCATELLO STAKE WARD

of Faith Author Careless this choir Although less organized was than Following hymns, twenty is a list of two 3.4. Saints Awake Ye it years list ago, can show a long of accomplishselected the L.D.S. at random from service rendered. Eliza its ments and Since R. SnowStephens estabchoir the has three at sung stake 11. suited especially the Great book, and hymn He Died, for lishment,conferences, at festival, citywide a musical has 155. Souls Simple Ye selections All choir rendition. of these WhoRedeemer..CarelessStray..Stephens with exchanged other choirs in city, ward the

Pocatello appeared at the Air Army deserve to be used more frequently by and

Director Merrill K. feels that choir Gee memField. 156. Ye Children of Our GodPrattCareless our full choirs. as indicated, However, in bers are interested the preparation for special

enjoy programs, occasional and recreational an 4 of selections these groups 2, 3, and 2 choirs For of three parts, Soprahis for instance, singers sponsor swimming Group suitable for are perfectly choirs which outing; parties, picnics, fireside no, gatherings. Bass. Alto: and and

are incomplete, lacking tenor voices, or pington,Charlessecretary;Nelson isandchoirRosepresident;Worsencroft,MabelorganSap- 2. Praise Ye the Lord Stephens

lacking both tenor and bass voices. In ist. 10. Come, Dearest Lord Stephens

BHrafflj|OTfflWg6

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

LOGAN, UTAH

JHjl 56iL ywJc

begins Monday, September 25, 1944

LompteteipieCe coursecourse offerinaofferine* inin thetn

followiwQ seven schools:

AGRICULTURE ARTS AND SCIENCES

HOME ECONOMICS COMMERCE EDUCATION ENGINEERING FORESTRY AND INDUSTRIES AND RANGE TRADES

Write to the President's office for a catalogue or additional information

572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Music Irrigation Problems 13. The Happy Day Has Rolled On {Concluded from page 537)

- Beesley stronger members take control. When

342. The Voice of God Is Heard Again.... the passes, the real second generation

. Stephens complications the village or begin, and

Group 3: For choirs o/ two parts, Soprano villages go down to ruin because the

and Alto. kanots have been neglected. During the

15. Behold the Great Redeemer lives of the third and fourth generations

Eliza R. SnowCareless this usually happens. Then a strong

19. Great God, Attend Daynes man appears, buys out the others or

20. Careless of Hosts Lord O

30. Lord Wilt Hear Thou Me Daynes confiscatesbegins again.the rights, and the cycle the363. Evening Sullivan Hushed Was Under my administration we have

Group 4: Foe choirs o three parts, Sopraprovided a law that makes it possible

no, Alto, and Contralto. for the irrigation administration to take

27. Great Is the Lord control, make repairs, and force the

Eliza R. SnowBeesley owners to pay, takes or the government 28. All Hail Sing Coslett We'll control operates until and the system 29. Desire.. Is the Soul's Prayer Sincere

Careless returns have covered expenses with 87. Softly Beams the Sacred Dawning.... twelve percent interest per year. This

Careless provides a revolving fund that makes 151. Arise My Soul, Arise Careless the operation selfsustaining.

APOSTATE FACTIONS

(Continued from page 553) in the West that the mission was rather

At the April conference in 1 848, held fruitless.

at Miller's Hollow, Iowa, President until Tt was not 12, February 1849, said of himBrigham Young 1 that however, exLyman Wight was next, "the comes Wight wild ram Lyman For more than 80 years, a gift from the Church. gen- A I don't the mountains."of whether he communicated know

is in the mountains, or in the valleys, but he eral epistle from the First Presidency at of Mrs. J. G. McDonald's qualthe April conference said of this inciwhile; feel yethas us a been from good we ity chocolates has been a tokfaith dent, him;to hold have to hold onto on we manifesto Wight's "Lyman wasand not give him up. We hope he will come received which clearly demonstrated to en of true sentiment—careback and do a good work; we feel to fellowthe Saints that he was not one with us; fully chosen as the best of

in retain theship him and him Quorum of consequently the disfellowChurch chocolates. Through good last for the us timethe Twelve. was we He shipped all him and who shall fellowship give him; ourheard from him we 3 continue these years, "the only many to follow him."in prayers. ourand remember him If you

feel as we do, hold up your hands."Years later this weary trail blazer girl"has thrilled and delightthe trail again. was upon His projected the thoughtfulness of ed to continued to the authorities While failed temple unite his to had colony. this remembrance. this attitudetake him, he pubtoward Disunion, disaster, failure and followed

lished a pamphlet in which he comhis footsteps wherever he went. The

manded: elements seemed determined to hedge up Today, Mrs. J. G. McDonald's

All people, saints and sinners, Whigs, the way against him. Floods washed out Personal Selection Chocolates

tall Barnburners, and short, their andDemocrats sickness and mills; dams turned his express the same thought in ones, or small big housesthose that live followers against him; unfulfilled prophin cabins, aspirpeasants thrones,kings carried. on For they always have ecies debased him in the estimation of

else, to bigots everybodyants and and come followers. this "only girl"your choose standard, of his the as brethren quohisto his

rum of the Twelve have no right to take He remembered that the Prophet Joexquisite assortment of the seph civil Smith had predicted afrom him his office, or place a jackass to do war. world's best chocolates. it approached, As tohis be found he wanted work.

on the Union side, so his colony set out the mountains"and "wild ram ofHThis again, this time turning

Mrs. /. G. McDonald's in -*- his about followers wandered their settlements in Texas—monumentstheir backs uponthree sections of Texas, hoping to imto their failure and disillusionment—to worldfamous chocolates

their lot each move. the seekprove From by in the North. a home

lived left they Wisconsintime they journey the "wild ram have been awarded six on the While "with all things in common."He even of the mountains"died on March 31, world's grand prizes and

his to to unite buildplanned a temple city in the of 1858, and was buried his gold medals 7 and 44 other instructhe Lord's out carry andpeople dreams, Zodiac in Texas, he had where tions to Joseph Smith. hoped to establish the gathering place gold awards.

In addition to the assistance of Wilfor all the Saints in the last days.

liam Smith he was aided for a time by And thus another movement founded

George Miller and his few followers upon the wisdom of man came to awho had left Winter Quarters and cast tragic end. Lyman Wight the apostate *

their lot with the Wight colony. was quite unlike the Lyman Wight who

Yet the brethren in Utah were very at the time he was worthy of his fellowpatient with him until he issued a procship in the Council of the Twelve relamation he denounced in which them this ceived of the commendation Lord: Mrs.J.G.McDonaldall as apostates out in and open came

will... It servant, Lyman is my that my againstrebellion Missionaries them. in should continue preaching had Wight, forbeen sent from Salt Lake City to try to Zion, in the spirit of meekness, confessing Chocolate Company

to the truth, but theywin them were and I will bear him so me before the world; up Salt Lake City—Owned and Operated bybitter in their opposition to leaders the (Concluded on page 574)

Mrs. J. G. McDonald and R. Neal McDonald

"Journal History, April 16, 1848 journal History, April 9, 1849

SEPTEMBER, 1944 573

Apostate Factions

{Concluded from page 573) as on eagles'wings, and he shall beget glory and honor to himself, and unto my name. BOOKS—That when he shall finish his work, that I

... of inspiration may receive him unto myself, even as I did

and guidance THIS is the myat thisservant,time, Davidand alsoPatten,my servantwho is withEdwardme official text Partridge,Smith, Sen.,andwhoalsosittethmy agedwith Abrahamservant Josephat his

for priesthood right hand, and blessed and holy is he, for he quorum study is *D.mine.*6 C. 124:1819

m Evidences and Reconciliations (Continued from page 557) A man is ordained and receives his washings, anointings, and endowments for the male portion of his and his wife's progenitors, and his wife for the female portion.

(Discourses of Brigham Young, p. 405.)

Mass salvation is no more possible

The writings and for the dead than for the living. Each

discourses of John individual, living or dead, must act for

Taylor, third presihimself, and must never be merged with a group. Thus the right of free agency,

dent of the Church. of personal responsibility, is maintained.

... every man who wishes to save his father, mother, brothers, sisters and friends,

must go through all the ordinances for each

Special Price to Quorums: $1.80 of them separately, the same as for himself,

from baptism to ordination, washings and... A wealth of the wisdom and inspiration of John Taylor, as expressed in his anointings, and receive all the keys and

writings and sermons. The contents of this book are strikingly pertinent to the powers of the Priesthood, the same as for

needs of our own times. For its doctrinal value, its spiritual stimulation, and its himself. ( Teachings, p. 363.

practical problems the application truths to of and refreshing simple of today Work on earth, for the dead, con-... and tomorrow KINGDOM.... everyone should read and reread THE GOSPEL

By John Taylor. Price $2.25. nectsIt transcendsthe earthlytime andand spiritualmoves intoworlds.eternity. It cannot be done by anyone at

all other tism, the endowment, and JOSEPH SMITHProphet and Statesman will. It requires special authority. Bapun- vicarious ordinances are performed

... With the passing of years, the greatness or pettiness, worth or unworthiness der the authority of the priesthood. For

of men is proved. Now, after more than a hundred years, Joseph Smith stands the sealing of the dead, wives to husout of prophet strongly more to for than God ever we! claim what him be—a sealspecial parents, children to

serve as a bands, inspired an... affairs in of leader the book men. The may well ing the Church. given authority has been for guide solve our problems to to best seek who know how now greatest the is power, This a mighty spiritual is and the that dawning. day thosetemporal—in

the to committed Church. $2.25. Dr. Price G. By Durham. Homer

And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven: and whatsoever thou

ORDER shall in NOW: shalt earth heaven: bind bound be on CD.] THE earth loose shalt whatsoever thou and on 1, City BO Street,DKCRAFT Utah 18 Salt Richards Lake \

shall in 16:19; loosed (Matt. heaven. be the Please below: books send checked

\ also see 132:46.) D. C. & $1.25 Perfection order enclosed. or check money QWay { Smith Fielding Joseph toBy Please send C.O.D. this D authority of keys power and The S $2.00 Race Covenant God's

$2.25 Gospel Kingdom i Anderson H. James By president the the of are possessed by Taylor I John $2.00 By Answer Great DThe

Statesalone. him Church, Joseph and and by may He Runbeck Margaret Lee By Smith—Prophet |

$2.25 man $3.00 Apostle The right sealings the confer to { such perform Dr. Homer G. Durham By i Asch Sholem By

$2.50 Life of F. in places, Joseph k limited Smith periods, stated The for $3.50 and Lincoln Abraham

Fielding Smith Joseph By i Dougherty By James the others, to aubut withdraw he may $3.00 the Colonizer. Brigham fl i Young $3.00 Surgeon Burma

Dr. R. Milton Hunter time. thority at By S. M.D. any Seagrave, Gordon By J

$1.50 This Always and $2.75 Day Thunderhead { living D for This sacred the and work L. Richard Evans By O'Hara Mary By \ Pioneers..$2.00 of Story Li. the is The Mormon in the $2.75 places specially performed dead Long, Long Ago }

S. Harmer By Mabel Woollcott Alexander By for the dedicated purposes. Whenever $2.50 Saint The fcI I $2.00 Gay to See Wanted Q Bailey Paul By so, V the Saints Borghild temples Dahl be can should By do

California the Brannan and $2.00 Sam Traveler's Candle D \ built for labors. sacred these when And $1.75 Mormons Florence Updegraff By Maude

Bailey Paul $2.25 By exist, His temples the Mansions ordinances of the enMany >

$2.50 This For Glory S. My Howells Rulon By Q ) for the the dowment, dead, and work Bailey Paul By

the cannot be done elsewhere. D Unto ByHillsRichard L. Evans $1.50 $2.25 Name I ordinance For this Standards Gospel belongeth to my house,

Heber J. Grant By

In the Net Gospel $1.25 Address IJ anddays cannotof yourbe poverty,acceptablewhereinto me, onlyye arein notthe Dr. A. Widtsoe John By

[j Evidences and Reconciliations $1.85 able to build a house unto me. (D. & C. 124:

Dr. A. Widtsoe John By shall 30.) There for baptisms be no more

$1.25$1.25 thethe TimesTimes the until dead, the ordinance can be attended FieldingFielding JosephJoseph SmithSmith D SignsSigns ByByofof YourYour ordersorders willwill receivereceive promptprompt attention.attention. j}

in to the Lord's House. {Teachings, p. 193;LQ

574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Evidences and Reconciliations It Wont Be Long Now also see footnote. ) It is for the same purpose

that God gathers together his people in the last a house to build the Lord unto days, ordinances for the and endowthem prepare to Winter is Just Around the Corner ments, washings and anointings, etc. One of

the ordinances of the house of the Lord is baptism for the dead. God decreed before

ordithat the world that of the foundation It's Time To Prepare for font preadministered in a should be nance pared for that purpose in the house of the

Lord. {Teachings, p. 308.) As soon as the

temple and baptismal font are prepared, we calculate to give the Elders of Israel their WINTERIZING washings and anointings, and attend to those last and more impressive ordinances, withcelestial thrones. obtain out which we cannot for YOUR CAR place prepared be a holy there must But

that purpose... and for the men to be

baptized for their dead. (Teachings, pp.

362,363.) rr

This explains why the Latterday These are 10 winter car care "musts

Saints are a templebuilding people.

Those who accept the obligation to 1. Radiator flushed, supplied with antifreeze.

help bring the gospel to the whole human family, living and dead, receive 2. Fan Belt inspected, replaced if necessary.

great rewards. To labor for people long 3. Hose Connections checked, replaced if necesgone from earth, and not known to us, sary.

develops unselfishness. It trains us in the

imitation of the Lord, who gave his life, 4. Crankcase drained, flushed, refilled.

suffering, amidst profound 5. Oil Filter and Air Cleaner checked.

earth. ren sisters on and forA hispowerfulbrethunderstanding follows such service, to 6. Specialized Chassis Lubrication.

isfit perfectly to meet every more men 7. Transmission and Differential lubrication. before to live righteously of life, sue and

men and God. 8. Tires checked, switched, recapped if necesNo other Church requirement lifts sary.

likeness the Lord. nearer of to a man To 9. Battery tested, recharged, replaced if necesbrethren extent our a small do for we

and sisters, what the Lord did for us. sary.

Like him, we become saviors of others, 10. Heater, Spark Plugs, Lights checked.

"saviors on Mount Zion."Read the

words of Joseph Smith the Prophet:

But how are they [the people of the

Church] to become saviors on Mount Zion?

By building their temples, erecting their baptismal fonts, and going forth and receiving all the ordinances, baptisms, confirmations, anointings, ordinances washings, their heads, in behalf sealing powers upon and Let Us Help Keep \ are progenitors dead, of all their and who forth that they in Your Car in Proper Trim come redeem them may the first resurrection and be exalted to is the herein of glory with thrones them; and

fathers the hearts of the that binds to UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY chain the children, and the children to the fathers, STATIONS AND DEALERS IN ITS PRODUCTS which fulfills the mission of Elijah. ( Teach'

ings, p. 330.)—/. A. W.

.. the school meeting HUNTERFA UL TLESS FARM FUNNIES. GRAHAM

TH'\ EPST WN \N\f=E SPMS SHE FAUvTyJESS GWE I ALWAYS LEAPN How poyou po! \S NfcW OUR ] THV5 NE\N \S TEVJTH'FOR VO TEACHER CRN CttEVYV. THE STAPXH I'M TO VEUGHTEP ATSOMETH\NG about \RON\HG \T CONTPANS VtA Boy tercher! OE MEET THE fA\)\J\XSS STPRCH. THESE PARENTS MV\T BUOAPENEPevucat\on \T WftKE THPT UXCEYN SUCH AWS GONNft \U R\GHT?ANP GET TEACHERS'MOTHEttWESSEV! PoN'T AUP MRS.'BWMN Ef\SS FOhGET CVOTHES WHEN TO To CHUVUEN GWEGETACQUPi\NTEP \N\TV\ TY\\S TEUHEtt. To\ V CAM SHE MHHE HER ABOUT ME?A\iUTU=SS THW W\EET\HGS! STAU.CH PERFECT HOT nnvsv\.j /EFxR?r STARCtt fWlttVISS

AT ONE OF THESE.\NVTHOiyT COOWWal,

MEET\NGS GEE! FOP ONCE

WE'RE TEEUTV, TEACHETA.

SUW\P\N'SHE'S AS \n\th The stpkit schoov.

PUPTTY AS A. anv much to vo

FAULTLESS STARCH THERE VAV\ST 5PAUKUUG BE eIt UNE OE 5flV TIME FOR WOU!> TO FAVlVTUiSS 5TAPXHEP'. FaUVTLcSSSON\E-TH\NG CEOTHES STA&CU

TH'\NAW PEOPV.E

ABE. AVNAlAWS

HUNV3'sals J BPAGGVNG\T.'ABOUT,

SEPTEMBER, 1944 THE ANTHON TRANSCRIPT "rtwut"{Continued from page 543) contains character one than twice more9& tkfc &W* years of most exhaustive study, yet first line. in the as appear as many

makt'&BT7R.. found it necessary in his next edition to As a mere conjecture, supported only

sixteen in his changes concept physical tranof by of the appearance 51 alphabet. Egyptian lib 'tfabcqcp that themake script, the that probable seem it would

findings The in turn have of Erman recurextraordinary black rectangles rruJ% itGOOD / been frequently overridden, as by the ring through the text (Characters 43, of Albright"later work edieven and indicate 158 beginnings and 225) might tions of Erman's works. own This terminations. is or of charnumber The

surprising, hardly since, stated as was So Fresh A lines acters by lends compared support in Dr. his Butin by of Sinaitic the study

to that the theory the true opening inscriptions,"is "It certain that the So Smooth character transcript in the be No. may letter same could be represented by 44.

.. So Good slightly different signs. precise. The

form would be determined according to Assuming that the transcript reprethe space available, the material condisents a text reading from right to left, tion of the slab, the skill of the engraver, and commencing at the top righthand and partly also by the preference of corner, the resemblance of the first and to characters second the "regdemotic the writer."

its in nal 6 is variant year"of forms* one it is that added instances are When striking. virtually rule invariable The not unknown characters where the have

is inscriptions demotic of that these acrobatic quality of standing on their characters 24 followed a must be numby heads, thus assuming resemblance to eral. closely Character 3 approximates widely different signs, the recaution old an of form sign demotic for the

quisite in attempting 27 translation any plural, but extra horizontal has an must be apparent.

stroke beneath it. The use of horizontal

The Anthon Transcript is not one of strokes in hieratic script is familiar as a number of manuscripts in the same the numeral "1"for each stroke, when script, available for crosschecking to used to designate days of the month 28 eliminate errors. importance The to indicate of and sometimes an ordinal, ONE OF DURKEE'S FAMOUS FOODS availability of several manuscripts on rather than a cardinal meaning. 20 No

'pomaces fwt *ity6e4t tZuaiity the same or related subjects cannot be numeral in this precise form has been t/'SINCE 1 8 57 overestimated. As in the case in which found in this study. Mixing of scripts

Dr. Hughes found the demotic in one by insertion of a hieratic digit beneath

papyrus "impossible"yet solved its a demotic sign for the plural would be meaning by supplying the scribe's omisextraordinary and will not be supposed.

sion from a parallel document,"the It would hardly seem out of bounds of presence here of several sheets copied reason, however, to assume a variation from the original engravings would have by which the letter "n"which is merely aided as greatly as their absence con- a short horizontal stroke, might be stitutes a difficulty. placed beneath the word mn which

There is nothing in the transcript incharacter No. 3 also closely resembles. 5*

dicating whether a of has variety it is a meanings, such as passage whole Mn:ri or a fragment, is a portion in "None,"which a sense numerical, taken from the

middle of a longer text, the beginning and the preposition n (in, of, with, or the end of a passage. The inference etc.) 32 might in some very practical

of consecutive sentences which arises sense be attached to such an expression.

from the evident progressive diminuThe idea that the opening expression tion in letter size is far from conclusive in the transcript is numerical in sense in the absence of anything to indicate is supported by the correspondence of whether the text was copied from right Character No. 5 with the numeral 60

to left, left to right, top to bottom or used in dating regnal years. 33 No. 4 apeven boustrophedon. pears to have in its major form a kinship

Assuming that the text, though copied with the numeral 50 similarly used, 3* but from left to right is intended to read has in addition a hook and a dot which from right to left, unless it is also asgive it a likeness to the third person sumed that the first line is precisely singular possessive pronoun tj /./.*

equivalent in length to the first line of Character No. 5 appears also, with

the text from which it was copied, then variations, as Nos. 26, 35, 83, 102, 155

the beginning of the first line of the original text would lie somewhere in the buch.:0H.VoLB(ogsch.Ill, p. HieroglyphischDcmotisches862, Leipzig. 1868; W. Erichsen,WorterDe-

Lesestiicke, -id. motische Vol. II, Urkunden. p. 107; second or third lines in overwhelming

1939. Leipzig, 1. p. 51,

probability. It is hardly HeidelDemotische Grammatik. safe to make Glossar."W. Spiegelberg,Vol.

the assumption, since the seventh line berg.2HA. 1925,H. Gardiner,par. 37, p.Egyptian28 Gtammar, Oxford, 1927,

par. 191 259, p. "See ErmanGrapow, Worterbuch der Aegyptischen *>Ibid.

bprache. Leipzig. 1926 Lesestiicke. Schrifttafel, Erichsen. Demotische 30W. F. Albright, Wm. Vocalization The of the Egyp22 p. tian Syllabic Orthography. Haven. 1934 New ff. S1ld. Gtossar. 30 p.

cit. Butin, op.

p. 37 H. "A. Gardiner. Sinai The Script. International Spiegelberg. p. 47 Demotische Grammatik, S2Id..83W. Orientalist Congress Oxford, 1928 /fcid.

**Hiigljc, op. cit. Erichsen, 42; 84. p. p. Glottmr. Urkunden. *W.

576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. 1

THE ANTHON TRANSCRIPT

and 223. No. 223 most precisely reis hwtj, "masculine"or "male,"an adproduces the ordinary demotic form, the jective. 61

characteristic looping stroke of the If No. 1 1 were reversed it might betranscript being a departure from the taken for the shortened hieratic form AMAZING?

normal flat bottom line as in No. 223. 88 of the hieroglyph of the quail chick ( the

It seems rather unlikely, unless the phonetic letter "w"). 52 But one suggeswhole transcript is some sort of tabulation can be made here, and that is that it

tion, that the numeral 60 would be remay be a slightly variant form of hrj, peated so many times in a short docu- "upper,"53 "higher,""superior."While

ment. Aside from its numerical meanhrj is written with a powerful, bold

ings, it is the demotic letter p or posstroke generally, and with a straight, sibly the word lis "praise"or csj, perpendicular left side, yet examples "many,"37 in which cases phonetic comclosely approaching the form of No. 1

plements missing here would be exare not wanting. 54 On the other hand it

pected. may be indigenous in this script.

According to Spiegelberg, 38 Character The size of the two curved strokes WHO SAID SO?No. 6 appears to be the demotic word numbered 12 rather militates against

1 w, which Erichsen translates 30 by the translation as pi "the"(masculine), You always expect electric instances are there but very numerous is, "sein,"German word which dependin- the to hand be on is relservice transcript size in the in the which itsing use, either the "to be"upon verb these in it. Even need stant you in other the as documents. atively same the "existence."hieraticsor In the noun

other in part in the footare many unusual noted times, whenthere seems it as These to regard to be ground note. DS Rightly, should strokes the disservices been be familiar havethe is written "come,"40 which word

otherwise in demotic. 41 joined, but as will be seen by the refercontinued or at least curtailed,

the joinder ences, well known, and as is

Character 7 means "another"{kj).** is lent you can take electric service for ignored. Weight was commonly

Ordinarily the word is written with two to the idea that the word is "the"by the granted just as you always perpendicular strokes with horizontal frequency of its recurrence. It appears have.

base beneath the k But the form here as Nos. 34, 75, 134, and possibly 211,

used, while not common, is nevertheless and thus should be a relatively common If there's anything amazing 43 known. word. The characters look more like about that it is that it ISNT

8 No. 8 was shown by C. F Nims in repetipower double but all! Your the idea of a amazing at ntj ntf

57 Egyptian Archeology**Journal of particle relative of is unreason- a in tion realizes how imporcompany "first of"literally1936 to be lp n particularly In able, often where repeated. tant electric service is to everyit appears demotic documentsknown are manifestly 13 Characters and 14

efficiency, and health and one's inconsistently other with combination together, since they read to be intended it maintain to in no effort cattle"characters as spares the word "small 194jointly 183184, as 106107, 43 occur "office "or "position"and in the word level of dependbest also. sugges215-216 the highest at The 195 and

"lordship."or oclike i.nd is that which tion they look at all times. ability

in the phrase "hail to"("thee,'consists No. 9 as numbered of two curs That's our way of saying we apetc. )prepositions respectively "r"and "n,"

is preciate the privilege of serving Character 15 comment No. On "of,""to"or "for""in"ormeaning and

point it should be above. At this made you. is irregular,"for use here "i7 The made

being a succession of two prepositions noted that aside from the error of Erichit occurs Hughes, out Dr. pointed by in demotic,not to sen contrary known and

are this 16 in form. 58 If 15 and elsewhere inthe they manner which have would UTAH POWER & nsw.t together they pr read become written successionbeen such a had been

the ignoring "palace,""king's or house"isused. transin the hieroglyphs Rn LIGHT CO.

48 it is not in 15,w which event in No.lated Brugsch by "to be young"and dot

the of possibility that of the boundsas written in demotic is "name"or out 48 stroke accompanying diagonal No. 17 * Xr * >f * Xr 'reputation."

is the remnant of the determinative not 60 there are possibilities for other While L *j.t. transliteration. in read 60

it the is probability strong that 10 No possibiliseveral 17 Character shows SPEECH, MUSIC, DRAMA, 81 M/<f. or It ties. Glossar. or 15 p. "face"hr "upon"be may INSTRUCTORS Brugsch. HieroglyphischDcmotisches a7H. Worteror h, "place,"it "put,"be may wl II.buch. 448; Vol. p. Erichsen. 180 Urkunden p W. the aid you show and you can 62 We 3; 3. Setne. 5,No. Texte "add."

98, 225, Demotisehe 13 Grammatik finest classy line clean, Costumes of pp. 97

satisfactory p. Glossar, 3 most strikingly The deWrite to us Abusir Moller G. 7/8; SpathierAtisch, Palaographie in the transcript character is No.Leipzig. 1911. Vol. 9-10; Prisse II. pp. 7/2; Hatnub motic

16/23 Papyrus (Birch, Rhind 1863 Ed.) Plate II, (Continued on page 578) SHOP HILLAMS COSTUMEcol. 2 City, Utah Salt Lake Erichsen, Schrifttafel, p. 52 p. 2 Erichsen, Glossar. G1Magica! Papyrus 28/13;

Spiegelberg, Demotisehe No. 4? Der Texte der Priest- p. 463, -Gardiner, Egyptian Grammar, <2W

erdekrete von Kanopus 1922, Memphis. Heidelberg. und p. 148 p. 55; Urkunden,

13p. 190 S3Erichsen,54 Erichsen, Glossar,Urkunden, p.

"W. Spiegelberg manuscript demotic dictionary, Berlin 3103. Erichsen, Urkunden. p 170. No. 2;

from Lepsius. Denkmaler VI, 13. 6 id.; p. 173, No. 14; id., p. 128 L..8

Vol. XXII, pp. 5154 Erichsen, Urkunden, pp. 88-8? passim

Setne 4/1; Demotisehe Grammatik, p. 36 "'Id., Glossar. p. 42 Subscribe to and read

46A. H. Gardiner, Egyptian Grammar Oxford, 1927 6bG. Seyforth. Gram. Egyp.. Gotha, 1855, p. 92.

p. 485 par. 44 No. 621. Erichsen, Urkunden, p. 186. Cols. 1 and 2 '*7Kanopus und Memphis. 1.53; H. Brugsch, Hiero- ''Erichsen, Glossar. p. 42; 'id., p. 26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

glyphischDemotisches Worterbuch, Vol. 3. p. 861 ""Erichsen, Schrifttafel, p. 17, No. 7

*sIbid. "Erichsen Glossar, pp. 5455

*9Erichsen, Glossar Grammatik, Spiegelberg. p 47'Rhind Pap. (Erichsen, Demotisehe p. 87 12 issues $2.00 62W.

Texte, to the perfect p. 58) as an auxiliary I. 9/10 191, where it is used par.

Erichsen Schrifttafel, p 16 and pluperfect tenses.

SEPTEMBER, 1944 577., * * * * -K * THE ANTHON TRANSCRIPT (Continued from page 577) in texts parative Erichsen's Urkunden.

"second."83 18, which is a beautiful m\ 2 the variants transcript in the Much like

In numbers it may mean 20,000.'it seems to be scrawled by the writers

It cannot be told with certainty of the papyri and even the copyistZ/oic can. whether Nos. 19 and 20 were intended Erichsen himself.

to or be 19 is clearly the same not. No. twentyfifth character recurs as The

letter "t,"65 alone. the standingenlarge your usefulness and it But in 31, 41, line In the first 188, and 193.

size, great assumes the seventh and inhappiness through balanced combinationof much uncertaintywith No.might20 manybe cited'parallels 10 init is minute. minute examples The bear

education. volving distortions also. As an instance, a clear resemblance to the horizontal

the characters opening of the word letter in occurring s the Rhind Papyrus like "head,"these,, 07 are very but d} dj in this form (due same perhaps to mode 73 positive statement possible no seems writing in part). of letter s TheSTUDY AT

concerning them. standing alone does not appear to make

The four perpendicular lines transjense if No. 24 is taken as a mere deterfixed line a horizontal with appearand it is minative. transcript But in the imin dSriah am Vlojouna ing characters 21, 85, 123, 157, and mediately followed the letter by (No. p

in are 224, seen frequently demotic (although parallel and 26). no precise Sp

other writings, but charEgyptian no has been found of the forms where niverditu like acter figure precisely this recurrent letters those here used U toused were traditionally combines charhas been found. It is the determinative gether) is the word "time"and is also

"backbone"sign, which has no mean- "residue"or "remnant."'*

acter development with teching in demotic standing alone. It is The possibility that No. 25 may be

nical training. curious that in the Magical Papyrus this a form of m-ir, a negative particle,

sign occurs with a double "t"(under must not be ignored. It occurs in a wide

characters which be counterparts may 70th variety for the forms, of closely of some them REGISTRATION ). 09 inof dots are Nos. 19 and 20 The alapproaching the here used, form SeptemSchool year begins explicable large as demotic. underThe is the though lefthand stroke much

ber 29, 1944. score curve looks like the hieroglyphic shortened in Spiegelberg's copy. 73

arc of unknown meaning which is noted No. 28 bears a close resemblance to

You will find what you need as No. 1683 in Harrison's Sign List in the character transliterated cs by Ortamong the offerings of over the Budge Dictionary. Geuthner 70 as part of the word c-shne,

"condition"or "state."character in the 22, occurs Kn, Character No. The 40 departments in the Colin identical in occurs form as part Gnostic Magical Papyrus 70 of an expresleges of Arts Applied Science, sion, according to Brugsch, Papyrus yourself but a linen with robe""Cover X

its separate meaning not appear, does but spelled separate has no kn word Sciences, and Commerce, been found. at that place. Standing alone cs means

Education, Fine Arts, or in the The extra tick or stroke at the right "to read."78

Graduate School. hand side of Character No. 23 gives If the extra tick at the top of No. 28

rise to uncertainty as to its meaning. were missing, 2829 would look much

Write for your copy of the 194445 Without the stroke the word could be like ht, "wood"or "timber."7*

catalogue to di.t, "give"or "cause."It might also The demotic letter \ occurs repeateddeterminative Persian a demotic for respects it is equivalent to the Hebrew Brigham Ydung be bj k, "work"or "servant."There is ly through the transcript. 80 In some foreign countries resembling this form, letter aleph, hieroglyphic and in its

as also the later hieratic word lib, University is likeness form (the eagle) it of an 71 "east."81 It quotations. sometimes used to mark PROVO, UTAH

The strange character which is reseems to have had a vague exclamatory

24, times with beginning and always No. It presents, "indeed."as meaning such* * * * * * peated through the transcript many or interjectional force, as also some takes form, a different compared was says, difficulties"in as Dr. Gardiner "grave

the February 1942, Improvement Era and possibly, though by no means certhe scribe's the hieroglyphic with sign of tainly,IN contingent a or conveys hypoFIFTY USE For OVER YEARS outfit. it has as demotic, no preTaken thetical in treatment ofAids force to the Canker, simple accomwords it

82 equivalent forms apin any of the throatsore panies. its precise meaning, and other minor mouth cise What

in the transcript, a but pearing it bears irritations. alone, in demotic,and throat standing be does may

striking resemblance to a demotic charnot seem to be known.,

determinative, acter is a mere which is a beautifully 30 No. clear siHall's Canker Remedy words, attached and commonly to many referring to "class"usually or "phyle"536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake 81 sense. variations Six separate City, Utah without priests. "Phyle"be should understood

of this form may be seen in the com7iLines B to G. p. 54

Setne 3/14; Siut. p. 111. par. 186: Spiegelberg. 7:!Rhind Papyrus II. col 8/1

Kanopus und Memphis, p. 210. par. 432; Erichsen, 74Erichsen. Clossar, p. 69

'''Demotische Texte, 100 p. p. 5 Grammatik, OffER.. WE par. 82 Spiegelberg, Demotische 128 Grammatik, p. Demotique, 7cGrammaire A COMPLETE 1 p. 65Erichsen, Schrifttafel. Brugsch, HieroglyphischDemotisches 77H. ENGRAVING SERVICE MErichsen. Schrifttafel, p. 30ff. buch. Vol. I, p. 20 Worter7KErichsen, Glossar, p. 15 Missionary Portraits From to the Largest

""Erichsen, 30. 33. 37. 41. Erichsen. Schrifttafel, 20 II. 5/4; p. <*Ibid.Amasi Texte. pp. Catalogues

Civilization. 91, Breasted, 80, 120. ""Nos. 29, 125 etc.; Jas. Conquest of H. Mail Attention Prompt Orders Given

"'British Harper's, Orient. 89 1938, p. Museum42, No.(?) 678. Fol. Ula. I;

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. 8BErichsen.70G. OrtGeuthner,Texte, p. Grammaire91, line 19 Demotique. Paris Budqe.A. H.Diet.,Gardiner,p. 1. Vol.EgyptianI Grammar, p. 184. and

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah 1936, p. 171, par. 28/6 Supplement, Paris, 1935, p. 8, par. 245

?1F. L. Griffith. Rylands. Vol III, p. 421 (top) Erichsen. Schrifttafel, C3

578 THE IMPROVEMENT tRA THE ANTHON TRANSCRIPT as "tribe"or "division"as in the case have it filled in solidly, the old hieroof the Israelitish priestly tribe or glyphic representation of the pupil of It Is Still Wise "phyle"of Levi. 84 the eye certainly had that meaning, par-

1 ticularly in dots To Make double when written peculiar character, v/hich A very 93 149150. in characters Written looks a glyph than more like much any as Reservationscursive character occurs three times in singly the pupil represented the evil

destruction."eye, "death, Withoutthe transcript. there are several 83 While a In Advance context, the meaning understood its clearly charactersdemotic approach which

form, 86 the precision of the placement of the dots in the transcript must remain the hotel acin Filling conjecture. of a dot ALTHOUGH matter a deliberation unshowsof the two dots

situation commodation circle fully writing it as a mere and affectingdoubtedly meaning. M. in J. City Salt Lake has

Sjodahl has shown, by quotation of Dr. seems to characterize demotic writing, eased somewhat, there are

Augustus LePlongeon, that this charwhether due to the pen used, the care still many days, on weekparticularly, when we in the ends Erichsen, necessityor used Thus is inacter equivalent to form the Maya have a full to house. So does page on the word, same same either altar"ofglyph the ahtem, ("he play safe, please your make 04

reservations priest). in well inboth. the or ad87 WhileGod Maya

don't to want vance. We orscriptions "otherwise"are chiefly 36 No. known now much may be gj

disappoint 03 us! you and "else,"spsn, "ditto,"it could orlater in date than be, the Book of Mormon

dating of Cumorah, the presence in the used to emphasize words preceding it.'

transcript of another character having No. 37 is familiar, but strangely does

distinct Mayan type may possibly be not have the accompanying horizontal indicative affinity of of an not source if to it is essential stroke which in ordiHotel isdescent. to referred character The instances writing. nary demotic In some

is undot system of numeration Mayan as in character Erichsen's SchrifttafeT Temple Square is "9."88 It the numeralquestionably disconnected and sepasometimes of and

great interest to note that in the Egyprated, as in Seine 4/25. Here it is Salt Lake City

tian Alphabet which the Prophet Joseph omitted altogether. Bnr (assuming this

Smith commenced prior to 1844, the is it) means "outside."88

as regarded havinghorizontal bar was CLARENCE L WEST | counterpart precise of 38 has No. No

.a "five."In discussing the of Manager power character in demotic. been found The

states, first in the he character Alphabet "80,"the hieratic like with looks a it 00 inserting straight over a mark"By extended. stroke curved abnormally

its five significationthus, it increases character Petrie photographed Dr. a

straight lines insertingdegrees; two by

is a it Sinai. there like in very 100 And

is its five 101 signification times increased in parallel Papyrus. close the Magical 89

is this the precise 505 3C xcmore."That mode a filled in 158 rectangle 43, (Nos. The numeration normal demwasof Mayan

onstrated by Dr. Morley in 1915 for the and 225) is puzzling. Precedents may

00 J out, such a character pointed where In be of Ethnology. BureauAmerican When

as in the of another, part occurs as a "5"th verydemotic is a hook number copied the by case of numeral 3000 is either in like demotic bar No. 76. A 102

B1 as it occurs an Brugsch, and where of letter "s."the or "n"The presence

letters in of enlargement apparent light the dots, in a of Joseph bar and a deliberate, process of writing. 103 As its indication of Smith's above meaning

unless in demotic, separate characternoted, perhaps be an indication may Home Burns the hypotheses explained by one of transcript represents that the a form of

Egyptian distinctive in nature and only above noted, it is inexplicable. There's a certain amount of

distantly allied to demotic although preNos. 45 and 46 together are a very comfort to know that should

serving many of its forms. plain numeral "15."The square cut fire destroy your home tonight

is the hieratic shape number of No. 46 characsucceeding immediately The you are covered by Fire Inin demotic. also used "5"sometimester heavy dot. Dots (No. 33) is a large, 10* surance.

in frequent occurrence, are of demotic "remain,""endure,"to be seems Mn, will Such insurance indemnify careless abbreviations as whether mere sort of to hieroglyphs, reversion a a for you the loss incurred "r,"letters masculine the or the and s "n"of figure the old linear representation of of 02 allow to rebuild you your article otherwise. or Smith Joseph of other the with chessboard, meanings p3; without financial home hardto the large dot heavy mean "set.""establish,"numerous and Very ship. Junderstood

'see,"and although it is irregular to examples of it may be shown. Several

It's worth to deal a good have Improve- 3, p. 78, International Dictionary, p. 1627 are listed in Figure Webster, New this in protection these times. 91 32, 73 and Nos. page 580) (Continued on

col. 1, 19; 8Brugsch. line Vol. p. Worterbuch. See our agent in your town.

1, Fuilles pi. Rhind I.Documents Pap. (Birch Ed.); de1. I. Dictionary. Vol. p. cvi; Vol. I, p. 68 03Budge.U4 43- L'Institute pi. Caire. Cairo. Francais 1938. du 137, Erichsen, sh. cit, p. op.

6 line par. 7, 1076. 43a. "Erichsen, Glossar, 81 p.

87 to Sjodahl, Introduction the the M. Study of J. An 69 bid., p. FIRE UTAH HOME Salt City, 1927 Book Mormon. Lake of MImIbid.. 37 p.

Introduction S. G. to the Study Morley, An of the '*lbid..

Hieroglyphs, Bureau of American Ethnology Maya w,20th Memoir.p. 24 Arch. Survey of Egypt, London, INSURANCE CO.

Bulletin 57. No. 1915, seq. Washington, p. 87, II; Spathierapi. pt. Moller, Palaographie 7. 1912, G. HEBER & CO. u J. GRANT 8*Original document preserved II. Historian's at Church 25. 1911, tisch. p. Leipzig, 36; Vol. Vol.

Office, Salt City. Lake Utah in Sinai. N.Y., Petrie, I.Researchespi. F. 100 Sir Wra. General Agents

Erichsen, Schrifttafel. p. 18; Spiegelberg. pi. 124 De1906.

22 Street South motische Main Grammatik, 47 p. 214 Demotique, p. 10*OrtGeuthner, Grammaire

nIbid. 1498 Vol. 4. p. -W6rterbuch,

124, Fragment 2 Salt Lake City, Utah p. Urkunden, s2Erichsen, Urkunden, pp. 37, '".9, '75, 103. 105. 103Erichsen,

passim; Glossar. p. 25 101Spiegelberg, Demotische Grammatik, p. 47 331 sr 3d: 3T

SEPTEMBER, 1944 579 THE ANTHON TRANSCRIPT (Continued from page 579) ierminative, or something like it, used merit Era for February 1942. The charat the end of the word "cloth", or

acter is repeated (Nos. 47 and 58). "gown"in the passage cited.

also occurs as "eye,"fr.f. 105 Reading the Erichsen copied a character from Berlin

tall character as h and the short stroke Papyrus Ho5507 in this form, 113 but as "n"the word hn results, in a form, it comparison with the photograph in the is true, unfamiliar in demotic 108 but Oriental Institute shows that he disnevertheless readable as "command,"torted iw-s, "she being."Again, in

"order,""damage,"or possibly Erichsen's copy of Rylands 22, 119 nearly "ship."107 this same form occurs as a ligature of

The combination of characters imNos. 4546,*the word "fifteen."

following mediately 4950) is (Nos Character (and probably 152) No 66 "10S or "tribute read dn, "tax"is letter the old Hebrew "b."It came

Nos. 5253 appear to be a single out of Egypt beyond doubt, being found

combination, and there is good reason in the Ahiram inscription 120 as well as in to translate them as "west,"the demotic the engraving on the Baal Lebanon word imnt. Its form is well illustrated bowl 121 and on the Moabite stone "Its

in two variants of the word "west"use and significance here have not been which occur in the Rhind Papyrus, determined.

which differ from each other, but in Sixtyeight looks like an awKwardly neither instance any more widely than written is, "gown"of "dress,"which this character differs from either of seems consistent with 6162, "cloth."123

them. For a very close approximation of this

The preposition r (Character No. form see Documents de Failles de [/In54) is 'well known in demotic, and has stitute Francais du Caire, Plates 11124 to,""to- "at,"the "along meanings 11a.

It to.""according "of"ward,"and departure represents Character a 69 is for in partnership BUSINESS 2 with and should No. be compared No in of presence forms the demotic from subcontrac- Victory! dozen A circular 131. character of use a The printhe parallel the strokes beneath

states tors in as make must many like letter the r the meaning having but is figure cipal or a character, There 111 parts the that build the bombers. is in certain but "love."mr, known in the of characters combination demotThey must travel—and do lg,ts of demotic does not stand alom ic text of the Rosetta Stone in which

it. the that This Hotel Utah means fig- (the strokes the three major both

is singularly combination a 55 No. base a feed furnish house, and must extending stroke the the to ure) and like "gold,"nb, takes which vamany a constantly for operations of movright at characthe are found top The

it in riant at forms, of least one which 112 ters occur in the demotic word "rites"ing number of war production men. seems indistinguishable from No. 55.

3 or "ceremonies"in the Rosetta Stone, We are privileged to render this No. 56 isdemotic nfr, "good.""

that the three being the differences industries, essential service -to war the appears 57 No. to be as same No.

to idicular there are perpe and trained workers despite fewer and 60. letter is that the of form h, but strokes The

left figure of and the the the odd main supplies. it has shorter However, standing alone, its as derived from

right is short side the top stroke and on to eliminate necessary or hieroglyphic ancestor become needs a kh111 it as con- a Solely also perpendicular suffix. is the 60, character prepeace- No. restrict At of normal our many

gi nt] this jecture, read ph 11B may be [n)pl letter h. another the ceded form of by It services. also has become time Stone. in the Rosetta as

( letter the r see 60 might and be No. 57 reservations be that imperative made

7071 readily be the nummay Nos is on Character 54 above) which somein confirmed advance of your and 15, eral only as departure being a slight times written with righthand an open visit. understanding and For your 116 directly characters the above them from side, the hv, succession but the of

trying times, in these cooperation we other 70 is hand, the (4546) No On -in demotic tempus praefix, is unknown "10,"is and numeral a good send you our sincere thanks! this form. No 12571

It clearly or rj, "earth""world."The next two characters may be

taken together, and make a good demotoccurs again, with the dot pi,M1 the ic ht"cloth."The little stroke which masculine article, at No 89 in the same

follows looks like a remnant of the derelative position to the numeral "10"is combination same The (No 88') 1C5Erichsen, op. cit., p. 148

177. 176 and as Nos. 53; Erichsen, Gtossar, p. Rhind Pap., 17/10 repeated

10Vbid. 72 resembles in form No. -w n-\. 108Spiegelberg, Kanopus und Memphis (cf. footnote 127

(suffix) 42) p. 205. par. 405 "they a ligature, for me,"

108Rhind Papyrus motic): Rhind PapyrusI. col.II, col.8/238/8(lineand 11/1010 of the dewhich means nothing without a readu0SpiegeIberg, Demotische par. Grammatik. 278; able context. In normal demotic many

Erichsen, Urkunden. p. 82, par. 1; 2; Schrifttafel. p.

Glossar, p. 44

1 line 71, JWUrkunden, p Urkunden, par 82, mEricksen, p. 3 line 128. 10 lbid.

lines 52. Ibid.. to p. p. 62 and G; B 1 Inscriptions, facing Serabit 1S0See page Table Thep.

II, 1 113Rhind pi. Papyrus (Birch 9, in Ed.) G. Theological 192S Harvard January Review Moller, Palaographie Spathieratisch, 'Vol. ] 16; p. 1912 the Alphabet, D Story of E Clodd Y N T. Young, Account, 128; OrtGeuthner, p. GrammaireIll,.132 Demotique, 214 p. 134 p. wibid.,

I, 114Budge. Dictionary, Vol. 525; p. Erichsen, '-'"Erichsen, p. 77 46; Schrifttafel, p. Glossar

Schrifttafel, 1; OrtGeuthner, Grammaire Deline 1938, par. 1016. 8 Cairo, motique, Brugsch, H. XIV;p. HierogtyphischDe- "'Berlin Erichsen, Papyrus 3119/4; Urkunden p I, motisches 1022 p.Wort. 24

1 11Erichsen, Schrifttafel, p. vefbid.

Brugsch, U8H. 114 Ill, above, 839 Vol. p. WT line 31, Erichsen, p. Urkunden, 6

5/21 Setae 580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ***-**-)<*-)< THE ANTHON TRANSCRIPT such. unreadable characters occur, tively studied by others. 139 It may be

translation of which is wholly dependread d.t (as a hieroglyph, which it

ent upon the current of the text. Ignorplainly is, although instances in which

ing BOOKSfor lovers of history, the numeral the dot, "4."mthe figure also resembles numerous)it is used inanddemoticit maytextsmeanare eithervery...

The fraction 1/3 is sometimes writ- "estate"or "eternity."1* The form is romance, adventure

ten precisely as No. 76, and at other usually accompanied with another horizontal stroke, times precisely as 76 and 71 The but is found repeatedly BRIGHAM 141 YOUNG here. fraction approximates the as 1/5 nearly THE COLONIZER

form, same except that the diagonal 103 appears No. writto be a crudely book for every home A stroke 76 is perpendicular of No. hieroglyphic library. crescent the Crossing moon, the in 1/5 ten

of only one was the takes and distinct to curve the left ideogrammatic of meaning which that tasks conis manyplains 130 fronted in Young. Brigham 1/3. therefore safely It may "month."be of the shape lower The "V"

for the provide How to 142 said that 7677 are read to be stroke spiritual is normally temporal curved. 1/3. and

The compound figure (No. 81) is No. 108 is readable as tn, "per"or welfarewas the ofproblemthousandsthat

found in the Rhind Papyrus as the letter "at the rate of."1"testedthis modernthe greatnessMoses. of

of the No. Ill corresponds with m-it, "the By Dr. Milton H. Hunter. m followed by the121 determinatives

word "artisan."The letter h necesnegation"of an imperative, in the Rhind Price $3.00

sary to form the word, is missing. What Papyrus. 1*4

plus the determinatives of "artisan"m of for form 113 allows The sevNo.

is far too mean may conjectural to superal SAINT It interpretations. THE GAY (the be may f j port in opinion, an the absence of any singular) feminine or nj (common the novel based on A it instance in which to occur is known life of Brannan, plural) Sam definite the article of "the."The in text. a translated pioneer leader Mormon is letter also in so written 3 abbreviated

in California. This 143 amazis ntj No. 82 relative a particle in deform.

133 story ing reveals the motic grammar.

real spirit 1 of glamor and also 12 a No. several with form posletter Coptic The duplicates Hori that adventure characsible meanings, rj either read be may

it terized is 84, the early No. history closely and duplicated in in as a proper name, (feminine) "the of California. Bohairic (h). Coptic and Bohairic both

(/'), of"; as f participial or or a proBailey. Paul By date late from such times as to preclude

It element. nomial also be a t%j, Price $2.50. may connection with any of 1*6 people body demonstrative pronoun.

separated from Egyptian connections THIS FOR GLORY MY 133 is letter a beautiful 114 No. Out I 147 six centuries Christ. before While of story great the A Mormon move West. it is it of context unreadable. is Packed pioneer with lore, is this more of bookto the somewhat rour a de to force read

It novel. is than a portrayed the in peculiar history—as is sug115 form of No. The it No. such, 84 as yet life of story hbs.w, those be may into the venture dared who

the sign of for of the the scarab beetle 'wilderness peace and security they "garment."difference The only lies in gestive could not find elsewhere.

is letter plus the a complete r, which the disconnection of the perpendicular Bailey. Paul By

writing of the as hpv reproduced word Price $2.50. stroke. The Coptic Hori descended

148 It a ligature of by Moller. be may hieroglyph from the same as the demotic

/j.m Characters No. 68 and 197 should other characters however. It means "to * ORDER NOW... {

be, or check } become."enclosed. order money J be this with compared form. Please send C.O.D. % D J

f, is letter the 116 occurs No. which like looks No. the 86 Brigham demotic the Colonizer Young $3.00 \ number |

1SS Dr. I R. most Milton as By the person Hunter commonly second | It 50. be the as may same 4 Nos. and The Saint t $2.50 \ Gay suffix, singular feminine as the femand 2 Paul Bailey By 90. variations The this to seem J make 140 Evidences Reconciliations $1.85 and S J inine nouns. of ending doubtful, but Dr. a exist. resemblance A. John By Widtsoe does { J 1S0 His Mansions $2.25 Many ) D curl to the 117 appears J w. be it is No 92, unless No. a numeral as above S. Rulon Howells By \ J

of Life F. The Joseph $2.50 Smith suggested, \ D analogy to by the in 118 as occurs J the No. demotic Maya By Fielding Joseph Smith 1

glyphs, its has J% This counterpart $1.50 and in Day Always cursive hierowriting sign the the of of > way

L. i By Richard Evans J glyphic in Egyptian hieratic. It is and legs walking determinative of of verbs the Brannan California Sam \ and J 136 151 Mormons $1.75 $ the ta, "land."is It word in motion. the occurs 93 No. most commonly J5 Paul Bailey By \ "152 demotic, For This the $2.50 form Glory of \ hieroglyph the for st My "to return } word D

131 Bailey Paul By J "foreign It land."is be, in ntj (are) con119 "which be may No. n the Hills may Unto \ $1.50 J 138 L. By Richard Evans S J nection with 94, in."No. hrw, "voice."connection horizontal of the The Gospel $2.25 Standards \ J

i Heber J. Grant By is the irregular, bar with stroke curved J

the In $1.25 Gospel Net \ 9596 form of in the JMTumbers the but attenuated one transcript the form most Dr. I A. By John Widtsoe |

of Signs the I $1.25 Times J on (Continued interesting 582) page combinations in the Fielding By Joseph Smith J

transcript. The combination, written 139Harvard Theological Review, January 1928, p.

see bibliography 48; in H. and Grimme, Die Altsinaialmost exactly as here/was in the found

1929; Sir Berlin, Buchstabeninschriften,

Sinai inscriptions in Petrie, Sinai, Flinders N.Y., 1906W Researches brought to light by Mtischen

Dr. Petrie, and subsequently exhaus14:140A.See H.par.Gardiner,7, p. 220,EgyptianErmanGrapowGrammar, Aegyptichesp. 573

1921 Berlin, Handworterbuch, Spiegelberg, Dcmotische Grammatik. par 82 cxxv Dictionary, p. 142Budge.

, par. Ibid. 93 Dictionary, unpublished, Manuscript Demotic { | CD. THE BOOKCRAFT 1 Erichsen, 88, line Urkunden. p. of University Chicago

J St.. 18 1. Ut. Richards City Salt Lake 144 J 131Rhind Papyrus 1. (Birch I, pi. Ed.) col. line 2; see also Setne 7/1, Papyrus Rhind 4/12

I 83 38, p. 1, Glossar. Erichsen, Schrifttafel. pp. I! Please send above. checked the books J 'Setne lt:iU6 3/1; *2 3/10; Erichsen. 3/5; 12Glossar. Schri{ttafel, others, Erichsen-, See, among pp.

'Gardiner, Egyptian Grammar, 6, p. 5 Name Tattam,P- 13 V

109110 Grammar, pp. 1 p. Schrifttafel, ""Erichsen, t! Address 134OrtGeuthner, Grammaire I, 2 Demotique, 14SMoller, Palaographie, p, 24, par Vol. p. XIV

13SSpiegelberg, Demotische ----- Grammatik, par 82 149richsen. Glossar, p. 83 \ 13flBudge. Dictionary, p. cxxv 129. par 100Spiegelberg, Demotische Grammatik, orders will i I Your receive prompt attention, ""Erichsen, 42, Schrifttafel, p. IX. No K8; Budge 6/18 D Rylands

tionary, p. cxxv line 15, Texte, p. 10 151 Erichsen,

Rhind Papyrus I, 2/5 Setne 4/10. 4/15

. SEPTEMBER, 1944 581

Germans Report THE ANTHON TRANSCRIPT

connection which the by is made tense, is intriguing,, of may negation perfect 153Americans 87 {Continued [com page 581) sibility that 143144 may be bnpw,. or merely variant. be accidental since the a certainty, means but by no

is 120 No. is missing, a nice letter 3. as also are determinative the curved and

42. andMiles From City Nos. 29 of portion form of the lower 144 is No.

Other U. S. Forces Capture St. Malo, No. 124 is not as clear as No. 135, unusual. 172

it It closely resembles. be which may letter 148150, Nos. a followed h by Fortress, as Brittany Sea Big 155

"flesh either the determinative,"the dots, meaninqless are two out conof British, Score Advances Canadians third suffix singular person masculine text.

156 -> Press Associated (Official)—By the possibly even or tempus praefix /, legs,"151 is the the No. "walking EXPEDITIONARY ALLIED is? HEADQUARTERS SUPREMEAllies -j-jjg it possibility r that "he is pn, n. sign hirhvind wedges letter of transfixed N. motion, Bn the Omar with 158

mi edneslast e 100 of"not ignored. should be (see 118 above.) n someAs written through e dieLe

is srj, i either possibly or 126 No. fortresl nuckle this ny's times, sea letter character the might be

173 it "son,"variety of but have a may re written. improperly only g, J7

ord been it is had this other In meanings. relation that Brad* rz. 17* is the 164 preposition No. last wa; the man, *eportored this furth175defenderstofield Nevi dispatches. miles from Le 13. as the same No., is definite ar- "the,"165 the No. it taken, been fj allied confirmaof scene manythougl possibility s a either 128129 as read of be Nos. may ticle. hi. ages. Amerithe resortThe and solid c any metas.t-f, demotic "beforethemiddlevillagecoast h perched two words was figure curious (No. The which 166)

..nT-n,-.,.',--.i 1 '10 Wlh.wave after theay. is or him,"him."which "behind hi aavshed closely in -f, fraction the resembles J/

of circle in large characters the been 'trationhad The is also English, fraction in demotic, a rmcjreport! a 176 pushed e large*Canamilitates 130133 rather numbered it is in that but "oneeighth."language into d their

of Loirenorth the and toup ers more plural translation the the against j-w, n$ indicating50. miles upth. Nantes,stream from is deoccurring 167 a commonly No.

possessive "our"or "their,"since in motic character not transliterated in demotic the character is usually written words, and used as a determinative with in a small, compact form, whereas here the letter s. 17T

iBUtetegym1 it seems deliberately large, like Nos. Nos. 170171, sn is "ask"or "seek,"178

for unskilled 54, allowance 96. Giving it is that there ivb, is a possibility 181 but

read. copying, so be however, it may pure,"c b, "priest"root the "be from w

in is written way. 134137 to the same which Characters appear be one

Readers of The Salt Lake Tribune word iwf.w (plural), which means In Rylands No. 12 (Geldbezahlungs

are served by the nation's five "flesh"in the sense of "body."102 By sepschrift), as set forth in the fifth of the

great news services—the only In- "witness copies"Erichsen has taken

termountain newspaper extending arating Nos. 134135 from 136137, two care to note that contrary to the othersuch complete coverage. As in the words are obtained, iw-f, "to be"plus wise universal rule, the word Tf\, "I

story reproduced above, the Tribthe third personal singular masculine do,"is written like 173174 of the une editors had, at their disposal, suffix, i.e., "he is"or "he being,"which transcript. 180 Nos. 172173 is readable

is the of words commonest one Associated Press, 181 In dispatches from ss, "writing""document."or in deas 103

the motic, with others sign used and International Press, News case, United ir, a preposition that 174 is r and to write Press Tribune Service, Chicago or "do."183 the verb /"-.. "bear"or "be with "make"16*

born."ForTimes Service and New York one character like No. 178 has Only

eign Service. Nos. 146147 would make a nice vdb, been found. It is an exceptional reif 183 grain "artabe,"the a dot measure,

is to If dot the crescent moon. versed the carefully editors weigh Tribune into perpendicular elongated a were is this not character seriously, taken be 185 of merits each news story—select line. the the without dot combinaOr departure but a demotic, as readable case, meets in each which, story the letter tion the alphabetic produce would chardot, the the therefrom. Without 1B6 of their comstandards exacting c

. ayin, ntj, particle relative is the either acter reThe accuracy. pleteness and precise equivalent 141 of has No. No the possibly be,"or "to the verb wn, preis daily sulting a newspaper

It 184 found. should, been however, be letter m. reexpert of the most sentation

list Brugsch's with variant of compared possibilities to as No. are two There five the through porting provided his in of hrw, forms "day,"Worferstiff in carved character, as 179. The only such wire great services—the it to of with buch, appears which some is writing of stone, one fashion mode on the 167 in service available complete affinity. 185 have an other the ir, do.""to the verb On West. sign 143 negation, a be of No. may probabililetter it a the /, be might hand 168 16* >n, c.wj, cn, "house,"or even the position its on low enhanced ty by 170

"beautiful."itself, presents possibility A third

prebe mv, "one who No. 144 is Ijbs, "garment,"171 followed line.that this may

lsa "of."n, preposition the fr by The possides."ss, m"the 4243 Glossar. Erichsen. 1B3See the forms of of pp. is one 1 85 No.

187 1 -Erichsen, p. "garment."or cloth"of look Ibid.. MM4Schri[tta[el,

Magical Papyrus 21/9 157Spiegelberg, Demotische Grammatik. par 129; and wSctne 5/11

1 155 p. Urkunden, par. 17<173Erichsen, 37 Gtossar. p. Ericksen. <". 1 p. 83 lsErichsen. 1-5 Schrifttafel, H, Md..

p. 51 Grammatik, Demotische 17aSpiegelberg, leoErichsen. Glossar. p. 51

i77 6 p. Erichsen, Schrifttafet, a01OrtGeuthner, p. 18, par. Demotique. Grammairc

30 lbid.. R3

3/19 3/25. Thompson, Herbert Archive Sir from Setne A Family

p. 55. line F; p. 102, line 7: woErichsen, Urkunden, Siut. Glossary, p. Sonnenauge 17/27 86; Setne 5/27;

ls3Erichsen, Glossar, p. 4 p. 17. line 4

181/fclV. "'Erichsen, Schnfttafel. EE4

,s? 8 p. Glossar. Erichsen, II line 128, 105Erichsen, Urkunden.

Ill, 3 Note p. 28. Vol. issMoller. Palaographic. p. 108ff. Kanopus Memphis, p.&

1819 16718eSpiegelberg, Glossar, 10; pp. p. Schrifttafcl, Erichsen, Bruqsch, H. HieroglyphischDemotisches Worrer367 par. Grammatik. Demotische 'Spiegelberg. ill, buch. p. 906

11 10, leeVol. 108 Schrifttalel, pp. p. 31; Glossar. i8Erichsen, lTOErichsen, Schrifttafel, 23 p. J 77 p. }bid lnMagical Papyrus. 25/9 \S

58 2 THE IMPROVEMENT fRA THE ANTHON TRANSCRIPT I appears possibly or to be ma, "who?"motic, at the the of date departure

188the exclamation "behold,"although it of in the Lehi reign of the 19th king of may be a preposition "by"or the Judah, was in its infancy. It is a far

phrase "because of."reach from the demotic of 600 B.C. to

The form of the character repeated that of the Ptolmaic era, which as Nos. 204 and 206 is that of the letter stretched well after the beginning of the

"ayin,"c (read as a) noted by Brugsch, Christian era. Yet many of the comwho has also noted a hieratic form of f parisons which must be made must be

in the same form. 188 Between them is the made with characters from the later

indefinite character which is believed era. For practical purposes the writings

(though its minute size and rather inof 421 A.D. in America, connected with

distinct lines make it difficult to be Egyptian sources only by relation back sure), is the familiar mt sign, which is to 600 B.C. are separated from later

read fr by Erichsen. 190 It is possible that Ptolmaic demotic by as much as

this sign is intended to be?r, "make"or eighteen centuries. The very differences

"do."m and departures, including the absence

of advanced demotic grammatical strucfORPEOPtf No. 209 appears to be another form tures from the transcript support the

of mr, "President"(see or "overseer"that contention it sprang from an EgypiNtl HURRYNo. 18a It is followed 179). by the third tian source cursive dominantly as did

pluralperson are,"verb "they Nos. 210demotic, but has gone a different way in The save time you speedy by in 211, written the transliteration centuries. of the passage

lets preparation /'you enjoy a, 19a or possibly letter theiw-w (y).1M

article In this series, the third of The leisurely breakfast when you It is possible that the combination Era, Improvement 1942, attenMarch serve 196197 r mh, may be read "to fill"or tion directed to finds Sinai the of was "to complete."The r is normally placed Dr. Flinders Petrie, above mentioned,

a little to the right of the mh instead of dating the age. back into Since Mosaic 195

directly below. article, the preparation that of the proNos. 221222 make a good interrogafound work of Dr. Hubert Grimme of

tive particle m 198 and are familiar in the the University of Miinster, Die Altsinnoun clause of negation also. 197 aitischen Buchstabeninschriften has

been added to the available works. UpIt should be observed that there are it of that work, on authority now apINSTANT-COOKINGnumerous group repetitions in found definitely settled that the pears Characters

transcript. Thus, 1314 Nos. are 12, 11, 14, re- 7, 76, 60, 19, 23, 38, 96, 93,

peated five probably times; 3234 are 98, 103, 105, 201, 204, the Whole Wheat Cereal 68 of 33 and

repeated as 7375; 4546 are probably in Transcript are also the found Anthon

Your family will enjoy itsthe 7071. same as instances Other will of engravings Sinai, rocks upon the

be seen on casual reading. brought to light more than six decades "gimmeanother-dish"flavor

The characters which have not been after the death of Joseph Smith. The and Zoom mil start them out

specifically discussed above are recharacters found in Sinai and in the right for a full day.

garded as repetitions of characters dealt transcript are often complex and such with separately. There is no pretense that the possibility of coincidence is

made in this study that any final conremote. In figure 3, a more exact comclusion has been reached, and the marparison than heretofore possible is set

gin of error as to any one character is forth.

clearly great. It is most likely that the

scribe who wrote the original of the Conclusion transcript, being pressed by necessity, did as Dr. Gardiner says the hieratic 'HHhe Anthon Transcript is Egyptian,

scribe did, "invented, in case of need, most closely akin to demotic. Its

fashions of spelling"suited to himself. 198 lack of demotic grammatical structures

In such case, and particularly in view supports the theory that although deof the evident wide departure from demotic forms are largely used in it, the motic grammar, while retaining many characters are designed to be principally demotic forms, the possibility of arrivideograms. Their number seems to miliing at a perfect and final translation of tate against an alphabetic theory

the transcript is still confronted with strictly speaking, but it may combine formidable obstacles. both the use of an alphabet and ideoconsistent with be wholly grams and

18SSmith. Surgical Papyrus, 1"9 IX.

practice.Papyri, XVIIII; Tesserae. Rhind Papyrus3; Ebers.(Birch EarlyEd.); Egyptian

Budge, Dictionary, p. 279

189H. Brugsch, HieroglyphischDemotisches subappear Worterto be The words which

buch. Vol. 206, I, p. line 21, and Vol. IV, p. 1521 ject at stage to translation the present Schri\tta\el. p. 27

lslErichsen, Glossar, p. 8 of the study are not inconsistent either

182Serne 3/25 le3Erichsen, Schrifttafel, p. 1, and B9, p. 4 with each other or with the text of

1M/6W. le5Erichsen, Urkundsen, p. 17. line 4 the Book of Mormon.

ie6Spiegelberg. Demotische Grammatik, par. 485ff.

lbid.. par 472. seq. 109"The Serabit Inscriptions,"Harvard Theological

A. H. Gardiner, Supplement, Paris, 1935, p. 2 Review, January 1928, p. 26

SEPTEMBER, 1944 Your and Oure 'agP,-W"3J*-3**38P*, V Jffru/JWJttJjPJlP'Jtp"

The Bible—Companion to Generals THE $64 QUESTION

like a cafeteria?"is marriage the Bible studied and be- "Why besides generals Gordon tt Other what "Because looks nice to you and pay for it you grab Stonewall to helped lieved that prayer win battles.

Jackson bears a striking resemblance to our hero, with his later."

penciled annotations of scripture, his habit of silent prayer, his passion for exact truth, ordered charity, and early rising. GenSigns of the Times

eral Lee was another in that gallery of Christian militants, with

In a shop: shoe repair E. Wortham, and Lawrence Havelock and Wolseley."—H.

"If shoes aren't your 1617. ready, don't blame us. Two of our and Co. (1933), Little, Brown Chinese Gordon, pp.

employes have gone after a couple of heels to save your souls."

Ogden, Utah Could Be Editors: Dear

if all that professor there a history was Then who believed "Qlease to sleep in his accept my sincere thanks and appreciation for placing the students placed end end classes were who r my poem, "These Shall Receive,"as frontispiece in the they'd be more comfortable.

May issue of the Era, The illustration is appropriate and the artistic. arrangement

I want to thank you, also, for the raise in rates from 12 Deceived Who?

cents per line to 25 cents for poetry—I think this will do a lot She: "You deceived me before our marriage. You told me

to encourage poets and writers and will, I'm sure, be more of that you were well off."

an incentive for them to submit their best work. As one of He: "I was, but I didn't know it."

a writers'group here, I have heard many expressions of surrates poetry fact that fiction and to the pleasure prise due and to Hot Stuff nearly equal to more merit compensation adequate are now the long hours of toil a writer puts in. "I graduated from college with one hundred four degrees!"

Our Church magazines are doing a lot to encourage writers "One hundred four degrees?"

as well as to furnish local markets for our output. We are "Yes, I had the flu at the time."

mindful of this and truly appreciative.

Sincerely yours, Fairminded to the End

La Rene King Bleecker "So you propose to take my daughter from me without any -$- warning?"

Nervous young man: "Not at all. If there's anything conItaly cerning her you want to warn me about, I'm willing to listen."

Dear Editors:

Words cannot express how much The Improvement Era has Experts Not Wanted meant to me. During the long months in North Africa,

the Era and my Church books, were the only connection I had "How is the better gardens club getting along?"

with our Church. The words of those wonderful leaders of our "Oh, some gardeners joined and spoiled it."

Church were a great solace in the hours of discouragement and gloom, when it seemed that I was alone.

The Era has also carried our belief to others of my outfit.

One fellow in particular became interested and read quite a number of issues and when there were discussions on religious subjects in his presence he always stayed with me and said he knows no other church where the principles are as sound as in our Church. Since he had been reading the Bra, it was

not hard for me to encourage him to read more of our books,

Here in Italy I am thrilled that I am again able to attend our services.

I appreciate the teachings of our Church, and I am thankful to the Lord for the help he has given me thus far since I have been in the army.

Sincerely your brother in the gospel,

N. Henry Duersch

China TlY appreciation for the Era has grown immensely since I *'have been overseas. Such news as is contained in the

Era is most enjoyable. Even though it reaches me months after

publication, it is still welcomed as if it were printed the day before I received it. It is a very precious magazine and I want

to receive each month's copy of it.

Thank you sincerely, S/Sgt. C. M. Graham

-<$>- m*wQ

I count only the hours that are bright. Old sundial inscription. "

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.BOOKS.. for inquiring minds of every age

EVIDENCES AND

RECONCILIATIONS

Is it wrong to doubt?

Does the Church receive revelationsHow old istodaythe.earth?..?

Why marry in the Temple? Why does the Lord

permit war?

These and sixtytwo other questions are treated frankly and authoritatively in this 334page book. Prepared in

response to persistent reguests, the book, first published in 1943, was soon sold out. The second edition is now ready

for distribution. Order your copy early.

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe. Price $1.85.

HIS MANY

MANSIONS

Concise, understandable analyses of the essensys- and MADE JA*S EVEN YOUNG DAUGHTERS of tialtems doctrinesof government the principal Christian churches. author The CAN HAKE DELICIOUS has consulted with leaders in thirteen the major with denominations selected, and JELLIES JAM thus producing a work

that is genuinely authoritative. better For un- a 'w*6** tt iotl

derstanding the of fund- M.C.P. PECTIN beliefs amental and

practices of leading tested, easyto- use the..anyone can churches, for a and YES.

of appreciation deeper to recipes follow make M.C.P. PECTIN

their differences similarities, inand everyone jellies are a energyrich such which jams and terested in comparative find this religions will valuable addition to wartime food supplies. a worthwhile book.

Homemade jams, especially, are delicious, By Rulon S. Howells. Price $2.25.

wholesome spreads which save precious "points"and are far more economical than ORDEB NOW...

butter or margarine. H check or money order enclosed.

Please send C.O.D.

work... saves M.C.P. time and you PECTIN

juice fruit or sugar than and jells more any G EvidencesBy Dr.andJohnReconciliationsA. Widtsoe $1.85

other pectin you can buy... doesn't "boil His ManyByMansionsRulon S. Howells $2.25

away"costly ingredients. M.C.P. recipes Brigham Young the Colonizer $3.00

Dr. Milton R. Hunter By eliminate spoilage guesswork... prevent due $2.50'Saint The Gay

this to too short de- a boil... and, because Paul Bailey By

Smith—Prophet and States- $2.25 pendable pectin is colorless, odorless and Josephman

tasteless... Dr. of be sure By can always Durham G. Homer jams you RECIPE THISUSE

$2.50 F. Smith The Life Joseph fruit pure, natural berry jellies with and Fielding Smithfor Joseph By of PEACH FRESH JAM and

$1.50 flavor. Always and Day id"Peaches 4 Ground Cups L. Richard Evans By

California the Brannan and Si; ThisSam 6 Sugar Cups

$1.75 Mormons Juice Lemon Cup >A. Bailey Paul By

1 Pectin M.C.P. '* Package $2.50 For This Glory My

Wash, peel, and remove pits from Unto the HillsBy Paul Bailey $1.50

4 pounds fully ripe peaches; grind By Richard L. Evans

$2.25 Standards Gospel level exactly 4 fruit. Measurethe

J. Grant Heber By peaches of the groundcups (add v >i In $1.25 the Net Gospel

if necesfill cup, to out lastwater Dr. A. John Widtsoe By

sary) in a large kettle. Add the Signs of the Times $1.25

Fielding Smith Joseph By juice, lemon and PectinM.C.P. Perfection $1.25

a boil, tostir well and bring Smith Joseph Fielding stirWay toBy ring constantly. NOW, add the Gospel Kingdom $2.25

sugar (which has been previously By John Taylor measured), continue stirring, andbring to a full rolling boil. BOIL P CD. THE BDDKCRAFT Re- 4 MINUTES.EXACTLY 1. Ut. 18 Richards St., Salt Lake City let boil subside,move from fire, &&--**

for turns 5 minstir by skim and Please send the books checked above. JUICE FRUIT JELLS OR MORE

sterilized jars, intoutes. Pour OTHER THAN ANY SUGAR alAND Name '/2-inch space for sealinglowing BUY PECTIN CAN YOU paraffin. freshwith Address

SAV E F O O D-B UY WA R BONDS J Your orders will receive prompt attention. 1

BE IMPROVEMENT ERA

... PACE DF PROGRESS

"Each day is a scholar of yesterday/'the philosopher said. And each of us can keep in step with the world

only through learning—for education is the pace of

progress.

The sure way of guaranteeing your son or daughter an education is to carry life insurance.... Is your life

insurance Beneficial? J

lit Uke City,* Utah.