MmprouementEra

V

NOVEMBER 1941 v SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

..M

/teiiJient Hemt Q. (ft&nt.idkty - ninth, -finnfoettetij J/4due

HEDDA HOPPER'S ALLGAS HOME MAKES // LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING"OF THE 4 BIG JOBS

of proven features that make cooking HEDDA easier, more fun. Gas refrigeration, with HOPPER cold,""controlled its constant its silence

careers!—of her four homemaking—one

appliances. gas easy by findsmade modern troublefree protects long life, and food,

in the papers, see her column hear her ic Youdelightfully you on the air—now see her on the screen in the new nerves and pocketbook. Hot water? A series: "short"

"HEDDA HOPPER'S HOLLYWOOD""gas automatic"gives the prompt, spar- <A Paramount Traduction kling answer: countless gallons of it, economically heated, always on tap. Finally,

healthful automatic gas heating means

It's a gay scheme of living... keeping house never a worry about indoor weather...or its

the "all gas"way. Freedom is the high note; source! But—you say you're on a budget?

speed, the keynote... with gas, the fastest So are thousands today who live the modern

household fuel. The new CP* gas range "all gas"way. Consult your Gas Company

is a beauty poised for action, with a score or Appliance Dealer on prices and terms.

*CP—Certified PerformanceMOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving Twentythree Utah Communities

C o I, (J t r - a =0= COOKING * WATER HEATING * HEATING * REFRIGERATIONIs

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

TThere are about five million pounds

A of gold in each cubic mile of sea water. At present the cost of extracting the gold by electrolysis is five times

the value——of the gold.

HPhe Chinese seem to have used mir-

A rors, even of glass, as early as 2,000 B. C as mentioned in the Chinese

+ classics., Keep 'em growing... and thriving!

T)eaches have been grown from Honey Bee GRAHAMS by Purityserved peach pits in two years at the with a glass of fresh, pure milk --are

University of California College of the perfect pickup snack for afterAgriculture. The peach kernels are school. Lots of quick sustaining energy

removed from the hard pits and soaked --but no interference with appetite for in a nourishing solution for three weeks, the regular meals. Keep a package on

then kept in moist sand for another hand, Mother. Children love 'em - - so

three to and transferred weeks soil do the grownups.

old,filled pots. nine months When

the plants are field planted. The young LOOK FOR THE RICH BROWN PACKAGE

trees produce peaches in two years.

'"pHERE is now a Swiss navy on the PURITY BISCUIT CO., Salt Lake City, Utah

A high seas. Since the outbreak of Gentlemen: Please send copy of your free booklet of ice box desserts.

war, Switzerland has been chartering a certain number of foreign ships to Name. Address.

ensure delivery of supplies and to transport export products. They fly the

Swiss flag.

A NEW, very effective method of "** treating burns has been devised and tried. Sulfadiazine, which is one

of the new group of drugs including sulfanilamide, is sprayed directly onto the burns. At Johns Hopkins Hospital

one hundred and fourteen burned patients have been swiftly healed.

> A new—sunlamp has been perfected

"which is biologically between two and three times as effective at thirty inches from the lamp as the noon midsummer sun in the United States. A—Travel by SUPERCOACH

filamenttungsten supplies infrared the heat rays; lamp, the and Help NATIONAL DEFENSE mercury and a

ultraviolet. Because injurious rays are

filtered out, no goggles are necessary car last your longer! Make

lamp.under the tires, parts, wear and BUY Save

tear. Go by thrifty Union Pa-

/hildren grow mentally faster from DEFENSE cific bus on every outof-town spring spring than autumn to from to of Dr. autumn. the BONDS tripshapeandforkeepthe yourtimescarwhenin goodyou H. E. Jones

University of California analyzed sevWITH THE need it most. You'll help save

vital defense materials, SAVED too. intelligenceenteen tests hundred given DOLLARSTRAVELING the cost is And far less thanto children school out of nursery in and BY BUS driving!

and found the seasonal variation in mental growth which, though not great for any individual, is still apparent from SEE YOUR LOCAL BUS AGENT FOR COMPLETE INFORMATION the averages.

HpHE gelatin capsules which make "* possible the taking of medicine union pacific strces with an unpleasant taste were invented in 1833 by Mothes, a French pharmacist.

/Mmprooement (Do IDIL JfawiV—for will serve as a text book Era What

"The Glory of God is Intelligence'all for the of study 1942 course

Melchizedek Priesthood Quorums? 683 Grant, J. Heber 1941NOVEMBER, Widtsoe, President John A. Heber by What new book 11 44 NUMBERVOLUME Editors will the soon be off J. Grant

Richard L. Evans, press? 699, 671, 672

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor In what season children grow fast-

C. Josephson, Marba 641 QUORUMS, PRIESTHOODOFFICIAL OF THE ORGAN Associate DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENTMUTUAL population the of the Church Editor Whatest? Morris, Mgr. General George Q. COMMITTEE, OF MUSIC WARD EDUCATION,MENT was became when Heber J. Grant Mgr. Associate Cannon, G. Lucy CHURCH AGENCIES OF THETEACHERS, AND OTHER

Business Orton, Mgr. I. K. SAINTS. 644 an apostle? LATTERDAY JESUSOF CHRIST OF

If diction is important in singing?..646

How farmers may protect themselves against the future? 649 JoblsL d QonisunLbu ruins are reconstructed? 650 How

When President Grant first grew a beard? 653

Conference Benediction.Heber J. Grant 653 What appeal President Grant has

made to our young men in the army? 654 President took long it Grant How Tributes to President Grant to be to to travel mar- a temple

J. Reuben Clark, Jr. and David O. McKay 655 ried? 656

"Temple Work Should Be Done"Rachel Grant Taylor 656 Who Kossuth Dyal is? 658

Behold a Sower Went Forth to Sow Charles A. Callis 658 When Brigham Young attended a

party"arranged "private by Richard L. Evans 661 Oscar A. Kirkham 659 Heber

Seen and Heard - Have the of the First We J.newGrant? member Who

Council of Twelve, First Council of Seventy 663 Council of Seventy is? 660

Tribute to President Heber J. Grant. The Presiding Bishopric 666 How Daniel Webster started in

life? 662 not the Evidences and Why Does Reconcilations—XLIIL far has travPresident Grant How Is the Church Itself to Spiritual Matters? Confine Church President eled of since becoming

Autocratic? John A, Widtsoe 673 the Church? 664

Church Growth, Albert L. ZoShould Be Done 656 What school pranks were played by

bell, Jr 644 The Church Moves On 670 President Grant? 665

Music: Good Diction, Frank Priesthood: Melchizedek 683 How President Grant was called to

W. Asper 646 Aaronic 686 the apostleship? 666

Church Welfare: Looking Ward Teaching 687 Who made the bust of President

Ahead for Farmers, C. Orval Mutual Messages: Executives.,688 Grant on this month's cover?... 618

Stott 649 Explorers 688 Who has recently been appointed

One Hundred Years of Baptism Juniors 688 to head the Bureau of Informaof the Dead, Albert L. ZoBee-Hive Girls 688 tion at Hill Cumorah? 670

bell, Jr 650 The Young Man at Tooele, Why Church leadership is responsGenealogical: Temple Work Albert L. Zobell, Jr..692 ible for the guidance of Church

membership in every activity of

SpsudjcdL JsialWiSLau life? 673

How- a child's friends should be

President Grant and the Wasatch Literary Club treated? 674

.... Marba C* Josephson 659 Who may recommend candidates

to for ordination the Melchiz664 Anderson President as Seen by His Secretary Joseph The

Priesthood? edek 683 Heber in School Days J, Grant 665 My

Call to a Young Man Richard L. Evans 666

President Grant in Sculpture Richard L. Evans 668 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Exploring the Universe, FrankBurnett 675 OFFICES:

lin S. Harris, Jr 641 Handy Hints 677 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Telefacts 644 Career in Brief, Albert L. Zobell, Copyright 1941, by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorMutual ImproveYoung Men's of the 671 Jr Rack On the Book ment Christ Association Church of Jesus of the

Children's Friends, Remembered Homing: Her Saints. Latterday rights reserved. All Subfrom Childhood, 677 porationof

Alice A. Keen 674 Marvin E. Smith 692 scription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; 20c

single copy. to Advertisers Index 700 Cook's Corner, Barbara B. Office, Salt Entered at the Post Lake City,

704 Your Page and Ours as secondclass Utah, matter. for Acceptance

fcdiitfiwlA. mailingfor in sectionat special1103,rateActof ofpostageOctober,provided1917.

"Gospel Standards"John A. Widtsoe 672 authorizedThe ImprovementJuly 2, 1918.Era is not responsible

Loud Voices and Hollow Echoes Richard L. Evans 672 fortributions.unsolicitedAll manuscriptsmanuscripts, mustbut bewelcomesaccompaniedconby sufficient postage for delivery and return.

NATIONAL ADVERTISING When Brigham Young Watched a Waltz...Rachel G. Taylor 654 REPRESENTATIVES

The Young Lawyer..Kenneth P. Wood 662 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

My Days in School Heber J. Grant 665 Edward Tim—A Short, Short Story James P. Sharp 667 MEMBERS. OFTownsend,THE AUDITSanBUREAUFranciscoOF

Frontispiece: Photographic CyGrant, 18561941 652 CIRCULATIONS

# cle of President Heber J. PoetryScripturalPageCrossword Puzzle...702669

JhsL Qovsitu A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

Portrait bust of Heber J. Grant by Avard Fairbanks—see page 668. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

: as Utah's Home Railroad at the very time young Heber j. Grant was

assuming leadership in religious, civic and industrial affairs.

In the Rio Grande sound motion picture "Desert Empire", released in 1938, Heber J. Grant tells of his trip as a passenger on the first Rio Grande

narrow gauge train into Salt Lake City in 1883, adding these memorable words,"The passing years have strengthened the thought 1 had then...

that these fertile valleys of the Rockies are a tribute to the industry, sacrifice, thrift and courage of the pioneer men and women who: founded

this land of bountiful beauty".

The Rio Grande is proud to have been one of these pioneers, laying rails through a seemingly impenetrable mountain wilderness to furnish transportation facilities vital to the progress of the west.

This year also marks another notable achievement for the Denver and

Rio Grande Western Railroad... anew diesel'power streamline train

The Prospector... described as "a new epic in transportation"... tailor

made for Rocky Mountain service between Salt Lake City and Denver, %,

W. G. HOWE..Assistant Traffic Manager

24 So. Main St.

;: SALT LAKE CITY::

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

TEJ.EFACT FARMS IN THE UNITED STATES NEWENGLAND

CENTRAL EAST NORTH 1135,000 O > <> feffife. >o/o %mho o *0 mm

1,090,000 1,006,000 1WEST NORTH O >0\ CENTRAL ro mm) "O M o >

1,019,000 ifl/ft'ft >> Jf* > sou mz 1,023,000"''"* ATLANTIC flti964,000 EAST SOUTH \ WEST SOUTH CENTRAL CENTRAL \J

Dine and dance to the famous SCIENCE SERVICEPICTOGRAPH CORPORATION 10-3 music of Eddy Rogers and his Orchestra. Thrill to the songs of Church Growth Since Heber J. Grant Became One of the General Authorities

the lovely featured vocalist, Irene Janisl By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

1882 1919 1941 When he became When he became Today

Salt Lakers and their friends an Apostle Pres. of the Church

from outof-town know that the Stakes 22 75 138 smart place to dine and dance Wards and branches of stakes 137 893 1,191 is the beautiful and sparkling MissionsBranches in missions 15 40722 1,00237 Hotel Utah—where you always Church schools 2 21 4

enjoy the best in service and Seminaries 19 106

Institutions religion of 14 pleasure.

in 2 1 4 use 7 Temples Temples contemplated or under construction 3 2 2 The EDFFEE SHDP in of languages which the Number published.... 2 193 of 9 2 16 Book Mormon was dinner luncheon, Breakfast,

famous foods at reasonable NumberDoctrineof languagesand Covenantsin which wasthe prices. published 5 7 9

Pearl of Great Price was published 160,000 3 4 495,9626 862,6447 membership MODEM GARAGE ChurchNumber of languages in which the

Safe and convenient parking. Method of transferring records..Pen, Ink Typewriter Photography

Friendly and competent service. Including the Endowment House.

including the Deseret Alphabet. ''Including4 Estimated. theFiguresDeseretareAlphabetincomplete.and Braille.According to the Millennial Star, 1882, p. 271, there were

at that time 140,000 members of the Church in the Great Basin. The Official Record of the British

500 Modern Rooms Mission gives the number of members in 1880 as 5,112. Figures were not available for the other misHOTEL UTAH sions. (Doctrines of the Restored Church, William Edwin Berrett, 1941, p. 283.)

GUY TOOMBES, Managing Director TELEFACT AVERAGE SIZE OF FARMS

IN THE UNITED STATES PERSONAL NEWENGLAND Greeting Carbs smartest the featuring lines ATLANTICMIDDLE beauOutstanding, available.

tiful. Over 1000 styles from

which to select.

CHRISTMAS CARDS that are distinctive and personally imprinted.

50 for $1.00

25 for $1.00

(AndPEMBROKEup to $50.00 per 100)

|* 24 East Broadway—Salt Lake City

SCIENCE SERVICEPICTOGRAPH CORPORATION 10 4

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

\ (0. $. J/vodninq (pajyAl"

NOVEMBER, 1886 NOVEMBER, 1941

Fiftyfive years old |/uring most of its existence/ the L. D. S.

in training and employment experiCollege has had no truer friend, no more ence. loyal supporter than President Heber J.

Fiftyfive years old Grant. His -wise counsel and his ready

in building goodwill for the school and for its graduates. purse have contributed immeasurably to

the progress and welfare of the thousands

You inherit all these advantages the day whose names have been inscribed on the you register here.

rolls of this institution.

"A Choice School in a Beautiful Environment"

The L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE is one of the largest

and best qualified schools of its kind anywhere, at any price. Ask today for our bulletin of information. The valuable folder, Tour Personality/'is also yours for the

asking.

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

70 North Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

How to Feel Like A Million THjjl&ju / / "GOOD DICTION"

By Dr. Frank W. Asper

Oil g. us sui "KTanysingerschoirmembersshy from the andterm church"good

diction"as applied to our songs and anthems as if it were some vague and uSlV igflO;the 0oVy elusivederstand.thingThisthat apprehensionthey can neveris unnot tamous?s dinner*;, heteis

differences the authorby some. {xes helped VOUai rlVl comes & in their ities have views as to how inside d<oies iodSr words should be pronounced. someThe

confusion is further added to by the prices y loDcbeot* wide variety of pronunciation one hears

Ss\rom25c on the radio, both good and bad. Some

in their versions, local purely while + are \ * su breaVttasv others in difference opinthe embody ion between various authorities on <i* speech.

There will always be a divergence of opinion in any line of endeavor. This

is especially true of art in its various phases, for it is constantly being subSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH jectedangle. toIt changeis this constantand testskneadingfrom everyproCLARENCE E. WONNACOTT. Mgr. cess that keeps it alive and vital.

The true artist in diction cannot follow any individual or local prejudice.

The best procedure is to consult the best accepted dictionaries, but even this will impracbe found sometimes Kil Noxious Weeds at the Roots!

tical styles because of changing and customs, so he must also learn to fol- S PULLING NOXIOUS I HAVE NO NOXIOUS WEEDS low the present usage of leading speakWEED TOPS IS DRUDGERY, NOW, THANKS TO A MACK ANT/ ers and vocalists. This is not difficult,

AND NEVER SEEMSTOGET| WEED GUN AND A FEW GALLONS for the best of them are constantly

ME ANYWHERE. I'VE BEEN OF CARBON BISULPHIDE USED availableThere onare thethoseradio.who contend that

DOING IT FOR. YEARS. YEARS AGO.THE COST WAS MODpronunciation in song should be differERATE AND THE J08 WAS EASY. ent from that in speech. Nothing can

.IKILLED be further from the truth. The diction

refined in the speech, than but fundavi 'THESatWEEDSTHE of the song must necessarily be more greatest are the mentals same. The;J"sroots.

is difference vocalist the that in song * * i i as the the must sustain tone composer wills it, following the measure accent, whereas the speaker has no such limitation. The singer, in addition to correct diction, must at the same time pro-

—-*S A ducethroattheofmostwhichbeautifulhe is soundcapable.fromThethe -?iVl

speaker is not concerned with this at

X\v all. The singer must preserve a legato

throughout his number, whereas the speaker does not have anything but j&<5 delivery of the words.

Nobody knows better than the man No singer can deliver a message who has benefited from the use of... which he does not possess. To voice

combinations of syllables on certain pitches furnished by a composer can 5$ listener. little but to the The mean CARBON BISULPHIDE of exhibition of "tones"very high

Send for Booklet 212P telling how weedvery low notes may interest or evenor work is accomplished. astonish some people for the time being, but they convey no message. If

singer or choir has a welldefined WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER, 636 California St, San Franeiseo the to give the audience, an agreethought

Distributors—Wasatch Chemical Co., Salt Lake City and Branches heablecanvoice,expectandtogoodhaveandhis clearmessagediction,understood, but if these simple requirements are not met, the time is lost, and

or Christmas, with one might as well use the Church serv- I To Your Young Men who are awaySend the C D A =======E== Ll\A\ an ERA gift card. ice for a display of vocal acrobatics.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

Q <?> GO <3 CSO cO <?$}O GJ> G$JOO <0 <0 <O<&,<30? Z3? CJ.?? C3> <2&? <3Z? <3? <2? &.? C3S? dfi? C3g? ti.J)

& d G C P. Huntington, now on permanent display S

iV iti front of S.P.'s Sacramento Station. California.

G V G &.3 G I G g< G &.3 8 G V G Sr G G I G G V Gi Pioneers! Pioneers! d

G & To President Heber J. Grant, ardent pioneer of the shining path, man of

good will and deep, abiding faith, we of Southern Pacific extend sincere G

Jt good wishes on the occasion of his eightyfifth birthday. G

S G & 1 Inn king on his achievements, his ing efforts. We like to remember that

V courage and his talent for inspiration President Grant was in his twelfth year a and leadership, we like to remember when on May 10, 1869, the first trans- (3 that Heber J. Grant's span of years has continental railway line to the Pacific &

practically paralleled our own pioneerCoast became an accomplished fact, sig- (3 nalized by the driving of the last spike at Promontory, Utah, where the east- a

Low Round Trip Fares ward and westward building links of the (3 historic Overland Route were joined.

Salt Lake City to San Francisco We like to remember, too, that President Grant has seen the gradual evolu- g tion of railway transportation facilities, (3 $ over this shortest, fastest route between

San Francisco and Chicago, from tiny (3

I woodburning locomotives and crude a Three trains every day coaches to today's fine, fast fleet of com- a e V speedsters, airconditioned cars fortable chair in comfortable $OQ65 trains ranging from popular economy thrifty and coaches on the 9 (34

San Francisco Challenger and Pacific to limiteds to highspeed, deluxe stream- (3

Limited trip ($30.40 coach round to Los liners like the City of San Francisco. *3

via Angeles Francisco). San

(3 a <3 sleeping tourist in modern 6 ( $ O 035 a ** cars on the San Francisco (3 (berth and Limited Challenger Pacific V * via fare Angeles extra). to Los Same

(3 a Francisco. S-P & San

1 in standard on Pullmans $ a *C **O Paand Limited Overland fare extra). (berth Limited Same cific the The Friendly (3 a to Francisco. Angeles via San Los

a Federal Tax not included a V Southern Pacific V a (3 I $ a (3

a (3

a (3 6 c2C5 cO c3Q <kCJ cO c3t <CJ oSO c3iD c30 c2C> cCi zt>V> <y>dS tt$s> Cjd Cj<*>z> C3Ss> C3$s> CjSd Cj> CjSs Cj$s> Cjs <Ss Cjs CjSs

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

Vital Part of Defense A

Individuals have a greater need than

ever to set up reserves for taxes, emergencies and special demands which

may be made upon them.

To be ready to meet increasing demands as they come is part of each

person's share in the national defense

program. Open a Walker Bank

checking or savings account today

BUYUNITED STATES SAVINGS to meet these BONDS and build up your fund

STAMPS

special purposes.

WALKER BANK & TRUST COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY RESOURCES MORE THAN THIRTYTHREE MILLION DOLLARS

MEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT

INSURANCE CORPORATION

By C. Orval Stott

Executive Secretary Agricultural

Advisory Committee, Church Welfare Plan 'T'he Federal Land Bank at Berkeley

A a whereplan inaugurated has new can Why their protect farmerborrowers canby ice, but not on slick- I skimICE overQUESTION:

into afuture making payments by the of blade the stroke new yonrest glass?skatesBecause

future payment fund. These funds are melts the ice slightly to provide lubrication.

designated specifically to protect the And why can an icecold engine that's oil farmer against future lean years and plated give smooth, lubricated starts, while will not be applied on the loan until the lubrication that depends on fast flow alone can farmer so instructs the Land Bank, often mean harmful dragging starts? Because

unless he is unable to make his regular oilplating can be up to the topmost piston payments. In that case the fund will be rings long before mere fast flow could begin to

applied automatically. get there.

An oilplated engine is yours as you change to

For the information of our people popularpriced Conoco N fA oil for Winter. In patwho have loans with the Land Bank ented Conoco Nh oil you get the manmade extra

we quote from President Charles substance that keeps oilplating closebonded—as

"magnetized"—Parker ifall drain down—notall overeveninnerfromenginebedtimeparts.to breakfast.It can't

is before the starter starts, the oilplating Then interest funds Future will draw payment... oilstarved against ready starting Winter

at rate the farmer pays on his the same mortgage loan. In addition such funds

melts soon any the what snow hood? on Out / national to real contribution awould make

.. ''-./ Certainly, air gets the hotter underneath than created futuredefense. fund payment A hctcha. oil -yf of sort the want then you And economy this will the increase plan farmers underby

first for place in that took Conoco the N'A sensafor available the Federal Landamount tional -Test. Valley Death five Death Along with securities. in invest to governmentBank

great quality other brands, N*h Conoco showed is prothat the farmer whileThat means it long could stand speed. heat six how and of Each future, histecting for the farm and home identical cars fill strict everyday got one 5-quart of

is his rate earning whileand a good money tested. six All brand competing some brands were

is for interest, serviceof also doing he alike, till without one run drop, oil added each and national defense reinvestment through by engine out. Results: gave Certified The

the Land Bank.

The 5-qt. fill in Car No. 2 gave out when Conoco Nth was still up at 3.65 qts.

prices farmers improved most With fill 5-qt. in Car No. The 4 gave out still when Conoco qts. 3.55 at was up N enjoyingare higher than a income now

fill in 5-qt.;: ', i No. 6 gave Car The Nth out still Conpco 3.40 when at qts. was up years. ofthey in a great have number

It is now, when money comes more >S The 5-qt. fill in Car No. 5 gave out when Conoco Nth was still up at 3.20 qts.

easily, that farmers should commence The 5-qt. fill in Car No. 1 gave out when Conoco Nth was still up at 2.70 qts

preparing for the time when conditions

Save engine. at Change battery—save quarts—save It is less favorable. strongly bemay

Mileage Your Merchant's station Conoco to today that farmers ofurged take advantage Nth oil for Conoco Winter. Continental Oil Company their plan farmthis payin-advance on

mortgage loans with the Land Bank.

This same principle might well apply to many other forms of indebtedness.

After all, our need is not for more credit but for a wiser use of credit.

Our people generally should use conespe- in takingservatism on new debts, MOTOR OIL this CONOCO obligations atcially shortterm time. This is a good time to get out Aof debt—or at least to arrange one's

obligations so they cannot come duesuddenly. NORTH SALT LAKE

YOUR EVERYDAY CASH MARKET FOR There is no one in a position to know I how long this improvement in prices

It will maintain. beand * wages may CATTLE, SHEEP HOGS

if asbest going to plan to be it were following operate Firms The on our market and are Commission bonded shortlived. thing is one There to at all times. of ready serve you

which we are all sure, and that is that our taxes will become more burdenPRODUCERS'LIVESTOCK MARKET ASS'N.

some for many years to come. UTAH LIVESTOCK COMMISSION CO.

Play safe, now, while it is yet opdefinite plan of beginportune and a UNION STOCK YARDS i SALT LAKE thereducing farm indebtedness. The

r SALT LAKE, UTAH NORTHplan of Parker Bank of Mr. the Land i

is commended and highly endorsed.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

By Albert L. Zobell. Jr.

November, 1941, marks the end of the first hundred years and the beginning of the second century of temple baptism for the dead in this, the Dispensation of the Fullness of

Times.

The ordinance of baptism for the dead was revealed to the Prophet

Joseph Smith in the fall of 1840, and for a time baptisms were performed in the

Mississippi River. But the Lord had

spoken For this ordinance belong eth to ray house, and cannot be acceptable to me only in the days of your poverty, wherein ye are not able to build a house unto me.

(Doctrine and Covenants 124:30)

Therefore, river baptisms for the dead were discontinued by revelation on October 3, 1841.

The work of salvation for the dead was deemed so important that the room in the Nauvoo Temple which was to be used as the baptistry was dedicated

AMERICA'S DISTINCTIVE TRAINS andIt wasa thistemporarybaptismalfontfontwasthat installed.Brigham

Young dedicated about five o'clock in the afternoon, November 8, 1841, in

On your next trip East, ride one of these dieselpowered, the presence of, and under the direction stainless steel wonder trains. You'll thrill to their effortless of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

speed and enjoy the comfort and luxury of their smart restThisof thefont,Nauvoowhich Templewas usedwaswhilestill unthe accommodations. der construction, was located in the cenIt constructed the basement. ter of was Fast Burlington Daily Zephyrs between: the pine lumber. on mouldings of The

Denver and Chicago Fort Denver WorthDallas and of beautiformed base were cap and

St. Chicago and PaulMinneapolis Fort WorthDallas and Houston style. ful in antique The carved wood

City Kansas and St. Louis St. St. Louis PaulMinneapolis and finished panel sides with wood. were LincolnOmaha St. and Kansas City la. Burlington, Louis and It from carved oxen, twelve stood on

LincolnOmaha and Chicago pine wood and glued together, the oxen

Remember, too, the luxurious Exposition Flyer between and ornamental moulding being the

Elijah of Elder Fordham, a conUtah and Chicago operates via the Burlington east of work

City, vert from who worked York New Denver. Salt Leave arrive Lake City 8:40 any night, for eight months. on them

Chicago 8:55 second morning. At four o'clock Sunday afternoon,

November 21, 1841, Elders Brigham

Let us help with your travel plans Young, Heber C. Kimball, and John

BURLINGTON TRAVEL BUREAU Taylorbaptizedofaboutthe Councilforty personsof the forTwelveand

J. H. Gregory, General Agent in behalf of the dead. Elders Willard

218 Kearns Bldg. Phone:3-6465 Richards, Wilford Woodruff, and

America's First DieselPowered George A. Smith, also of the Council

Streamline Train was a Zephyr of the Twelve, confirmed these bapHflH tisms by the laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost. These were

the first baptisms for the dead to be performed in a temple in this dispensation.

This temporary font was later reOFTEN IMITATED placed by a permanent one.

for the ordinance was work Water thirty NEVER DUPLICATED supplied from a well feet deep

For 90 years, the easy fit and long wear in the east end of the basement. This

of LEVI'S have "never been tied."Watch, well, which once supplied the water for

for the "Two Horse"brand on baptisms for the dead is the only part of the Nauvoo Temple remaining on the temple lot today, but from this humcarried beginning ble been the work has OVERALLS LEVI'S kindred, every nearly forward by with RIVETS on back pockets patented CONCEALED COPPER

LEVI STRAUSS & CO., San Francisco tongue, and people, for a hundred years

in the temples in the Rocky Mountains and the islands of the sea.

S

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

....—@ f r

vi/e \ shensh

our association witk

president Mer j. irant

(churchurctirnan

xecuttve

yentuenian

CJnendUNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

jL—Jk

"S

III m*

f

-IP*"4E, Ihe EdrtorsTaqe

CotdsJtsncs, SsLtwdLdiim,

The final message of PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

ro the 112th SemiAnnual Conference of the Church

"TI WANT EVERY LATTERDAY SAINT SOLDIER TO GET

DOWN ON HIS KNEES AND PRAY GoD TO HELP HIM

LIVE A CLEAN LIFE."

"I pray with all my heart and soul that any man 1 do not care who he is or how high his position—that is doing anything to get us into

war, that he will be confounded."

Ihe Lord points out the way, and if we walk in it, all will be well."

BLESS YOU ONE AND ALL—AND EVERY HONEST "G>0D SOUL-—AND EVERY WICKED SOUL THAT REPENTS."

would like to talk about forty minutes—I see of God, that they were inspired of God, and as we

there are only ten. depart from those things, we are not doing that

I I am very grateful indeed to my Heavenly which is pleasing to our Heavenly Father. I think

Father that instead of not being able to move a that without doubt we are getting just about as far finger or an arm or my left leg and being unable to away as we can at the present time—shall I say,

see straight out of my left eye, that instead of my politically. I do not care how you put it. We are

mouth being all puckered up in a corner, I am starting on the broad path that leads to destruction, looking natural and feeling natural, and I expect and had we stayed in the straight and narrow path that I feel a whole lot better than I really am. we would not need to be arranging to be in a war.

I was requested to speak only twenty minutes The Lord points out the way, and if we walk in it at the opening session of this Conference, and all will be well.

I spoke forty; and then last night I spoke fortyMany of the Latterday Saints have surrendered

seven minutes—so that I have been overdoing what their independence; they have surrendered their

was considered to be wise. free thought, politically, and we have got to get

I have thoroughly enjoyed the Conference. I back to where we are not surrendering the right.

listened to some of it at home, of course, over the We must stay with the right, and if we do so God radio. I endorse with all my heart everything said will bless us.

by the second counselor to the Presiding Bishop, I understand there are a lot of our boys here toand I endorse what Brother Merrill has said here day that are in the army. I hope and pray and

today, and what our last speaker, Brother Bowen, plead that every boy will feel in his heart: "I

has said. I noticed that Brother Bowen laid down want to know what is right and clean and pure and

several sheets of paper and did not read what was holy, and I want God to help me."I want every

on them. I hope that when he turns in his manuLatter-day Saint soldier to get down on his knees

script for publication he will put it all in, because and pray God to help him lead a clean life and to

I endorse everything that he said and I endorse preach the Gospel while he is in the army. The

what he was going to say, without knowing what army, as a rule, is a demoralizer of the morals of it was. (Laughter.) men, to a very great extent. They think: "Oh, well;

I am sure we all love America. I am sure there we are going to be killed anyway—let's have a h—

are no more patriotic people on the face of the earth of a good time."Do not wish for any such good

than the Latterday Saints; in fact, our belief is that time; there is no good time anywhere for any human

the men who established this country were blessed being except by doing {Continued on page 697)

WHEN BRIGHAM YOUNG

WATCHED A WALTZ By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

As told to his daughter, Thepleted,wintera partybeforewasit wasarrangedcomRACHEL GRANT TAYLOR onof ourthe kneesdesks andin tookthe eastthe screwswing; outhe

in every ward in the city for borrowed rugs and made it a fine the benefit of the St. George Temple. drawing room and had President

Every ward had a dance, and that Young's picture and others there, was when we were allowed to have fullsize.

only three round dances of an eve- I got one of the Young boys on ning. But Bishop Woolley of the the committee to get the Young famThirteenth Ward would not allow ily to come. I got Nelson Empey

any round dances. They had had on the committee, and he agreed to

a dance there, and it did not pay. get the boys in Z. C. M. I. I got

In those days they had no smooth Hyde Young who was down at the floors; they were just ordinary Utah Central Railroad to get the

boards, and we used to whittle wax railroad boys. I went to Z. C. M. I.

candles and wax the floor, but Bishto Captain Hooper, and said: "Capop Woolley would not let us wax the tain Hooper, I would like very much

Thirteenth Ward floor. He said, to have you come to a party in the

"I am not going to have people fallThirteenth Ward."

ing down and breaking their necks."He said, "I never go to parties."

In those days Olsen's band played But I said, "There are two imthe Danube Waltz and the other portant things about this party, and popular dance numbers to perfection, this is one of them—it is for the

but the flute player got drunk once benefit of the St. George Temple;

in the Thirteenth Ward, and the and this is the other—tickets are

bishop wouldn't have this band. He $1.50,"and he laughed and handed

sent for me and said, "Now, I want me $1.50, and said, "Go sell it to

you to get up a party; you have more Eldredge."I went to Brother

friends among the young people Eldredge, and he said: "I do not

than anyone; I want you to choose HpHE STORY OF AN EXCLUSIVE go to parties any more."I told

your own committee and arrange the PARTY ATTENDED BY BrIGhim the same story about this party, whole thing and turn over the proham Young, and arranged by and he gave me $1.50. I have forceeds to us for the benefit of the St. a persistent young lad whose gotten whom he sent me to, but I

George Temple. I want you to make name was heber j. grant. sold the ticket five or six times.

a success of it. We generally lead People had to show their tickets to

every other ward in everything we some cornet solos during the eveget in, and there was a list of all the try to do. I want you to be sure to ning."people who had tickets, and no one

beat them all. The bishop said: "Take Olsen's could go to the party who did not

I said: "I will do my best, but Quadrille Band; take your three have a ticket and whose name was

you must agree to pay the loss if round dances; wax your floor."not on the list. I sat there with the

there is one."Then I said: "There is another alphabetical list, checking the tickets

"Loss?"he said. thing I would like; I won't insist on as they came in. I told Hon Young

sell ten, his to to a gentile father that allow won't the party we would have "Yes, you cannot like like States ten of to the United His come. it—youI would his boysin make come; and the Thirteenth Ward

any money; the young people won't Marshal and one or two highprin- father said: "Let the boys pay for

come any more. In other places they cipled gentlemen to come and let their own tickets."

allow them to have three round them see how Mormon boys and girls President Young came, however, dances, and you won't have any. I can behave themselves. There will and said: "This is for the benefit

would rather dance three round be no rowdyism; there will be a of the St. George Temple, isn't it?"

dances and throw all the rest away. crowd of the finest kind of young "Yes."

You have got to have three waltzes."people.""Is that enough to pay for my

"All right"said Bishop Woolley, He said: "Invite whom you ticket?"and he threw down ten dol-

"take the three waltzes."please."lars.

Then I said: "You won't allow I said too: "I am going to charge I said, "Plenty."I do not know

Olsen's Quadrille Band; they are $1.50 instead of a dollar."whether or not he expected any

the only people who can play the "Oh, the people won't pay that."change, but he did not get any. The

Blue Danube Waltz well; that is "Yes, they will, with Olsen's full next morning President Young sent

one of the things that draws the Quadrille Band."to Bishop Woolley and wanted a

crowd. When you say Olsen's full We secured the finest tickets we list of the people who attended the

band, that means the finest cornetist could get. I chose Eddie Woolley party. The bishop went up with the

in Salt Lake will be there to give as my assistant, and we got down (Concluded on page 678) (x/Jwjtl ihsL <Xpu

/or much of the time during the last endured slight when others would have * 7"nine years I have been with Presiheld resentment; he has had a clear head

dent Grant every day, and for very many and a farseeing eye for the upbuilding of of those days I have been in consultation the Church; he has been prodigal in his

with him almost hourly. The matters generosity with his own funds, but he

discussed with him have covered the has guarded the spending of Church whole range of human activities, social, money with a zealous eye; he has been

civic, financial, and religious; they have financially, morally, intellectually, and

concerned the whole field of national and spiritually honest; he has over the many

international relations, for the Church is years of his long life worked day and worldwide in its interests, power, and night—sloth and idleness have been utter

influence. strangers to him; he has kept the com-

I have been with him when his burdens mandments of the Lord; he has had great

were backbreaking. I have seen him faith; he has been a servant of the Lord,

radiant with joy and downcast with the and the Lord has honored and respected shadow of sorrow. I have seen him enhim and magnified him in the exalted place

spirited when all seemed well, and unof power and responsibility to which He afraid and confident when the clouds were called him. May the Lord bless and

dark. But through the years, I have never prosper him in his great calling of Prophet,

seen one thought of self or selfinterest Seer, and Revelator these yet many years enter into any deliberation he had, any to come.

decision he made, or any action he took, affecting the Church, or its welfare, or the welfare of the people.

He has always been open and frank in his dealings; he has not dissembled; he

has been loyal to his brethren; he has always sought and taken counsel; he has First Counselor in

been patient and charitable; he has calmly the First Presidency.

'/oday at four score years and five ment to the unemployed; and rendered

+J President Grant, standing on a glohelp and succor wherever needed. No

rious eminence of achievement, can, it mind is more eager to bless, and when seems to me, look back upon a life of you get to know him, no heart more tender, service to his fellow men with supreme no hand more generous than President satisfaction. Through righteous enGrant's. The beautiful encomium paid

deavor, honesty of purpose, fair dealing by Peter to the Savior may very aptly in his business relations, and faith in the be applied to our beloved President

Gospel of Jesus Christ, he has enriched "He went about doing good."

his soul with the qualities of true manhood. God bless him with continued improveHe has not only rendered service at ment in health, with contentment and

every opportunity, but sought opportunity peace!

to make others happy. By keen insight,

selfdenial, lavish expenditure of time and means, he has on more than one occasion, quietly and unostentatiously, protected lifted the his associates; of good name /Qavict&totfkT Second Counselor in mortgages paid from of widows; homes

expenses of missionaries; given employthe First Presidency.

He has always wanted to feel that he "owned"a part of each of the temples of the Church.

From his young manhood, he has been active in raising funds for these sacred buildings. A year before the

dedication of the St. George Temple, every ward in Salt Lake Valley H held parties to raise funds for that

building. Bishop Woolley gave Fa-

// ther the special call to make the k

Thirteenth Ward the leading one in this effort.

Of his personal contributions he says: When I was making $25 a month, I paid 25c to the temple. As my earning increased.

I increased the amount of my donation, until I was giving $5 a month to the temple.

article title to this was above (Note: The of which of Seventies, 30th Quorum The

flyleaf the 1898 noteof an from photographed years nineteen a when member I wasmade Grant. of President book

the stonecutter working on a of age, had s/4 Temple Block. We paid him a regular

salary each month, and my share was $5.

[The old record book of this quorum from December, Father with $76 By RACHEL G. TAYLOR credits

September, 1877]. 1876, to

in special is a structure chapter His have eyes seen every for the final drive of At the time life Salt City's LakeThereFather's on which is woven Main to the Salt complete Street contributions and interwoven into the patgrow from nothing to its present Lake Temple, father was sent to tern of all his eightyfive years. That stature. Many buildings have come Tooele Stake with a list of names

chapter concerns his vital interest and gone, but not so the temple: followed by the amount requested.

in the temples of the Church and the firmrooted, massive, timedefying, Every man except one answered the work carried on within their walls. it stood, after forty years of slow, call. Father's donation credited to

Father was not born in the shapainstaking growth had culminated Tooele Stake was $1,500.

dow of a temple, for in 1856, the in the beauty of its skyflung spires. Father was an ambitious boy, ana

temple walls were themselves deep To him, as to all others who lived he decided on three important obin the shadow of their foundation in the "City of the Saints,"it was jectives which he desired to reach by trenches. The Temple Square was and will always be the center of their the time he was twentyone years of

north, east, south, playgrounds. of his childhood one of business establish a (1 ) to compass—streets age—from west all measured "I can reand he says: days ) for his Of those to build a the his home own, (2

member the temple when I was just square on which it stands. mother, and ( 3 ) to get married. He

a little child. I used to play on the Father has attended the dedicawas successful in all three. If he

walls when they were only three or tion of the Logan, Manti, and Salt had not been so busy with his first four feet high."How little did he Lake temples, and as President of and third objectives, he might have

or anyone dream that some day he the Church he has offered the dediaccompanied his mother when she would preside within its sacred precatory prayer at the Alberta, Hawent to St. George the year the temcincts! waiian, and Mesa temples. He has ple there was dedicated. Instead,

It was interesting to him to watch selected the site for the Los Angeles he devoted himself to courting my a yoke of oxen hauling a mammoth Temple, and personally set aside mother, Lucy Stringham.

stone swung by a chain from the $5,000 towards its erection. He In a letter telling of their marriage

axle between the two wheels, then looks forward with keen anticipahe writes to see the stonecutters shape and tion to the time when the Idaho Falls beto St. be married to George I went dedicated to fill a and has will be block the granite preTemple smooth

completed, been the there had temple cause that building. wall. toward the temple given $5,000 spot in determined had been the old House Endowment and

closed. Marriages were being performed

by the presidents of stakes and bishops, with the understanding that the young people would later, of course, go to the St.

George Temple and be sealed. I said: "I

don't want any of this being sealed later

THE FOUNDATION on. I want to be married properly to start

WALLS OF THE SALT out with."

LAKE TEMPLE AS Some of my friends tried to persuade

THEY APPEARED IN me to be married by the bishop and then 1865 WHEN, AS A wait for the completion of the Salt Lake

YOUNG LAD, PRESITemple to be sealed to your mother. I have

DENT GRANT SAT UPalways rejoiced that I did not follow their

ON THEM AND OBadvice, because she died before the temple

SERVED THE PROGRESS was dedicated.

OF THE BUILDING OF The trip from Salt Lake to St. George

THE LORD'S HOUSE. was a fair drive to make in ten days. Going

as we did by train to Santaquin, we saved a little over two days. It took us nearly a

week to get from Salt Lake to St. George.

From Santaquin we went the rest of the trip in Uncle Erastus Snow's white top.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

We were entertained on our way to in the upper part of the building, and after Woodruff and many other leaders passed the congregation overSt. they the were entertained people George by who in hiding, preventing them from parled building, of the portions other through ofErastus Snow. near the roads Some

It ticipating the Saints. fully with hisSt. Counselors, Taylor, President and the Hills, George, over Black by were very

rough. Indeed, it seemed as though we the Apostles.... was a time that called for real faith

would jump from one rock to another. I shall make no attempt at a description on the part of a humble and chastof the restaurants in to those other than There were Temple, days no Logan reveal Father's people. words say ened

it in at style finished that our better the of hasand meals the homes been much we had in the spent that for days him those I isSaints. great that a people than I met expected had and a building many who

expressed pleasure at entertaining me as a the Saints can justly point to with comManti Temple were replete with son of Jedediah M. Grant. I do not recall mendable feelings of pride and satisfaction, satisfying spiritual experiences.

in is that the length of time this reference especially the case with I ever heard same and 16, 1888, Father Tuesday, May kind that portions expressionsso regarding people of the to those many my prayer that the dedicatory have records trip. thatfather as I did for building, the erection the of contributed on

In St. George we stayed at the big Snow either by labor or with their means. It was read by George Reynolds at a

house, and were married by Uncle Erastus; gives me a feeling of satisfaction to know private meeting and was accepted

viz., else did to that mother something, notyour anyone $300, want I have done Lyman. motion in on of F. M.

... this direction. said thatperform the ceremony. next She 17, he reThursday, May On father,to her Briant Stringham, Apostle of rejoicing with has been a time Today cords: ideal.Erastus her was Snow the to Saints Latterday long be and one

I 1, 1877 married November was the privilege those having remembered by 10. a. m., with in the at temple Mettwentyone before twentyone. days I was attending services. of the dedication including brethren, the of twentynine my- I regretted taking the never long have

self.

Itrip St. to to be married, shed and George for journal Father's Wednesday,tears gratitude later of the years when dediprivate for the meeting This tells to the of 21, 1884, going May I. ofmembers M. the Young A. Women's

Board were strongly urging our young temple at 8 a. m, with Mother to witcation was called to order by Prespeople to go to the temple to be married, ness the first day's work. He was ident Woodruff at 1 2 o'clock. After

gratitude express I heard yourand you Breaks,"singing Morning "The called in the setting to assist upon that seal the of born been under had you the offered Woodruff President Merrill, apart of Marriner who W. getthe covenant. always reward our We Presithe Prayer. Dedicatory Of the president of as chosen later had been orsooner in our duty do when we

the Church. I am sure that my going to temple. After seeing a number of dent's remarks Father writes:

St. in the temple to be married has George in font the Father baptisms room, attending a testimony his to He referred effect for a stronghad upon good my for act as witness to asked was Joseph of the Prophet in the days the meetingchildren.

first two marriages. when the Prophet said they (the brethren

Today Father could add a postpresent) were but children in the knowlof God, of the greatness of the work edge this letterscript expressing to to me, dedication of the account this pATHERS it Said was to accomplish. and what

his feel ten chilthat mustthe joy he fill and North would (Mormonism) years work four of the Manti Temple dren and seventeen of his grandchillater covers thirtyfour pages in his South America, and there would yet be in the Saints of Rocky thousands tens of followed his exampledren have very a picture and journal. It shows fiftyfour I years am, "Here Mountains. married temple.been in a sacred at days the carefree statedifferent from this the Prophet hearing after make

first in temple dedication hell earth and both beginning the "FromThe Logan. Underlying the deep joy of ment, located in the Rocky Mountains.".. another temple presenting to God

this I have Kingdom. against united have privileged to Father which was of persecution the tragedy was its perthis at arriving of doubts work no inparticipate Logan. was He tells President Wilford kept which is stay that can fection. no power Therehow on Wednesday, May 14, 1884, it. Our government is taking our property,

he, Mother, and their baby daughter, and I cannot say what the result will be,

Florence, joined the party of thirtybut I have earnestly prayed to the Lord five who were accompanying Presihavethat oura strongtemplestestimonymight be thatpreservedour enemiesand I dent John Taylor. The following will not take our temples...."

Saturday morning the services were held, with President John Taylor On Friday morning at a meeting offering the dedicatory prayer. (Continued on page 692)

Father writes:

AN ARCHITECT'S DRAWING OF THE PROPOSED

The services were held in the large hall LOS ANGELES TEMPLE.

BEHOLD, A SOWER WENT FORTH TO SOW chilly autumn day was fastThedescending to its close. Behind the Georgia hills the sun By CHARLES A. CALLIS

was slowly setting. Over the Of the Council of the Twelve

country town of Hazlehurst the falling. lengthening shadows were

a K. Lemon, young A STORY OF THOSE EVENTS WHICH Elder John FOLLOWED A MORMON MISSIONARY'S missionary, was traveling without WHICH purse or scrip. He was seeking REQUEST FOR LODGINGS—EVENTS

food and a sleeping place for the HAVE CARRIED THROUGH THE GENERAnight. But everyone to whom he TIONS.

had appealed gave him the "cold shoulder.""People met him at the doorway, "pOR twentyeight years of his and they said, 'Be of good cheer. life Charles A. Callis moved

You can stay with our next neighup and down the Southland those seeking out who were bor. We"don't keep the Mormons in search truth, comforting, of here.'

blessing, those teaching and who Tired, hungry, dejected he and it, his encouraging and had found to of the a farmhouse oncame edge to missionaries greater works of K. ELDER JOHN LEMONthe Elder town. very apwas Lemon this zeal. rich span Out of of lestprehensive obliged he be would lacks reasoning, sophical often service which experiences came many

to into enter the of deepening gloom Spirit, prothe the illumination of he the concerning ways and God ofthe the night with spend and woods in deliver to ceeded, the way, men, here a humble ways and we of meant, as everyUncle Sam. This earnestly, his Plainly message. series present and the first a of thismissionary has knows had who that his testimony bore the Goshe Reminiscences"of "Missionaryexperience, that "sleep"he would the unto of written. pel Callis power which has Brother was God

under the open sky, with leaves and salvation.

for his pillow his bed,grass for his that testimony behind The power stick grip. worried. was He of hearts carried it to the Mr. Dyal

Prayerfully refreshing his sorely and his family. The Lord, true to eleven and the majority of the children

tried faith he approached the farmHis promise, did not suffer that the are Latterday Saints. Three of father's sons with been have honored timidly thehouse knocked and on servant of humble His would words ten missionary approximately of years ofdoor. Dyal, the the Mr. head effect; prosof void be no and He States. in the service Southern Therehouse, a appeared. promiwas He that accomplished so they pered them is for to the no number me know way farmer, well respectednent the by pleased. that Gospel which The into the through the He brought Church oftownspeople. look a wonWith fell into brothers, labors and of ground, Formissionary seed good my he thederment surveyed humble in rest L. L. Dyal, but and fruit. John forth brought my

supplicant from head to foot, for weak way and handicapped to a great

Elder Lemon wore a Prince Albert And now let Kossuth Dyal, one of extent, I baptized one hundred five coat, the style of coat worn by the the sons now living in California people. The only reason I refer to this

missionaries in those days. The and writing long after this remarkis to call your attention to the apparpockets were bulging with tracts. A able episode occurred, relate the ently endless chain set in operation

derby hat topped off his conspicuous sequel to the story. His letter folthrough the presentation of Mormonism

wearing apparel. lows: to one family. The thought never octo that curred such Elder a body Lemon "I missionary,"a Mormon am thirty in recruits of could assembled Callis: be Brother "Dear Elder.said the please "Will you in years. Elder hungry went Lemon "I sendgrateful to for very you am sheltergive for the food and me later thirty but community, years our [his ing to son] missionary Kennethnight?"brief that the review shows above I funeral. unattend mother's was my hesitation a moment's There was of the fed hundreds bread been have result trip of to as able the but a make this response appeal to abefore life truth of of he the account seed on

I thoughtfulness represented your was

I it heart. in father's planted the Elder, deeply tense acame. was my To I to indebted through Kenneth. am

it to possible every wish have were said, Finally Dyal Mr.moment. express. than can you more words

I see, as do, farreaching the young man in, will of take care and we"Come are people peoSouthern "The my results influence of probable one and I Iyou."ple. of them. them. know am

labors. man's folk, are a simple but more a grateful They the hungry and When in "I that the knowledge happy am citizenry districts or very few full justice topreacher a loyal done had father able been mother have and my countries produced. have dinner, thesubstantial southern good this existence with of sphere to leave the family never repay can a "As we him, to said the of house "Youman truth. the of a testimony for labor Elder weeks'the Church two

I first Elder theare have missionaries bless of the Mormon God "May in performed K. our comJohn Lemon

find that to themet. they South hundreds me."Explain Mormonism may this small beginning, munity. From

Elder Lemon, a tiller of the soil twelve of our family became members looking for the Gospel as Elder Lemon us. his mission,before called on he was of to the Church. ( I am referring my found brother in the cause of truth, "Your in the minexperiencedwas little father's ten family only.) All of the

istry. Entirely incapable of philochildren are parents of from two to "Kossuth Dyal."

PRESIDENT GRANT AND THE WASATCH LITERARY CLUB

Tn a frontier community a group of young people organGrant voted a was member SIRE PRINCIPLES TO OBSERVE AND OBEY THE LAWS"MORALONofMay 17, 1876, Heber J. DIGNITY,ized FORAND "THEINTELLECTUALIMPERATIVEEFFORTNECESSITY... ANDOF ANUNION,EARNESTHONOR,DELiterary the Wasatch TITHING VOTED TO PAY AND ON THEIR DUES.Club of Salt Lake City—a club

which had been organized in 1872, secretary of the meetings at oneThe of ber of the Council the Twelve, By MARBA C JOSEPHSOKrecorded, of motion O. F. "On married and Wells; a member, May

Whitney the house resolved into a Emily Wells, who later became Mrs.

committee of the whole to discuss Heber J. Grant; Don Carlos Young, so that many members had the opthe propriety of having the members Church architect for many years; portunity of presenting some special

of the club photographed in a group; Cornelia Home who became a mempart of the program. In order that

but no action taken upon the ber of the General Board of the they could have this opportunity subject. The committee was then Primary Association; H. L. A. the membership was kept down

dissolved."That no picture was Culmer, artist, who married Nettie first to twentyfive; later this was

taken is a source of disappointment Wells, also a member; Horace G. extended to thirty. But laconically

today, for in the group were many Whitney, manager of the Deseret enough, a few months later, it was men and women who later came to News for many years and famous recorded "Motion that the number figure prominently in both church dramatic critic whose comments be increased to 35 was lost."

and state affairs. It is strange that were disseminated throughout the At each meeting a critic was apfrom so small a group, limited at western part of the United States; pointed, and woe unto him if he

first to twentyfive and later to thirty R. W. Sloan, newspaper editor in failed to attend to his duties.

members, there should be so many Salt Lake City and Logan; John T. The references to the critic's work

notable names. The explanation Caine, Jr., professor at the Utah are cryptic and revealing: "Critic

may lie to a certain extent in one State Agricultural College. reported sarcastically."... "The

item which was recorded: "It was Salt Lake City, at the time when critic's report was called for. The

moved and seconded that the treasthe Wasatch Literary Club was orcritic, Mr. Read, having none to

urer pay the tithing on the money the ganized consisted of about 14,000 make, was fined 25 cents for neglect... "The critic reportedSociety had on hand."persons and was still a frontier comof duty."

In this group who wished to immunity, struggling against the pressto some length and to the point."

prove themselves were listed many ing necessity of selfmaintenance,... "The critic was fined 25 cents,

names, in addition to that of Presbut within the confines of this city, for neglect of duty."

ident Grant, who later came to there were those who were reaching That the young organization had figure prominently in communout eagerly for the best in literature. some difficulty in living up to its

ity affairs. These names include Pencilled notes at the end of their high standards may be gained from

Mattie Home, who as Martha minute book indicate the seriousness reading such items as these, which,

Home Tingey became president of with which they planned their work. read and approved, are recorded as

the Young Women's Mutual ImOne of these reads: official business:

Association; Rudgerprovement empowered! that be the committee Moved the realizing imundersigned, the We of the president insert Clawson, solo upon Miss to piano a by now Cobb

dignity, honor, necessity of union, perative great After Carried. a the programme. Apostles; the of TwelveQuorum all deliberations effort intellectual in our and unnecessary confusion, noise, of deal and first became Wells, Heber who M. willingness signify society, as hereby a our

it miscelthat another talking, moved was printo desire moral observe earnest and of the State Utah, and of governor the fore of part the in inserted laneous be the the ciples promote laws and and obey Eliz-... another member, married evening.who

this in possible association of every welfare were F. and H. G. Whitney Whitney O. Beatie; famous Clawson, Willabeth manner. disorder. for cents fined each 50 Brigaartist; Young, Richard W. L. conduct, A. Culmer, disorderly H. For these to forward Accordingly, the of dierGeneral, and member Wells, each and Whitney, G. H. H. M.

Y. M. M. I. A. General Board; Oraims, the members met weekly in the 25 cents.

son F. Whitney, who became a memevening. Each meeting was planned (Concluded on page 690)

a

A.OSCAR KIRKHAM

&f, JtPuL Jvt&L CoundL 4. ihi

By RICHARD L EVANS Of the First Council of the Seventy

tegrity of his life, his upright and progressive family of four sons and four daughters, his talents for commanding attention, his inborn showmanship, his unquestioned sincerity and devotion to the cause of truth, and his willingness to pursue any call that comes to him from the authorities of the Church, even though it take him from pursuits he has long loved and followed.

To reduce the personality and spirit of a man to the medium of ink and paper leaves something to be

PRESIDENT OSCAR A. KIRKHAM OF THE asked for, but the record of Oscar

FIRST COUNCIL OF SEVENTY Kirkham's life even so reduced to an unelaborated recital of facts is impressive: MRS. IDA M. KIRKHAM

voice is heard in the Anew general councils in Lehi, at of on Utah, born was He Israel—of Field Secretary, the capacity and of the son 22, 1880, K. that voice James January has brought good

the of as a Scout commember Boy Kirkham. Mercer and He Martha will to the lands, a Church in many led this mittee. in capacity Success in schools available Lehi the attended voice that has the strengthened morlater to his Chief as appointment Exlater from graduated Brigham and was ale in of troubled a youth generation. ecutive Salt of B. the Council, Lake at University having Provo, Young closing attended the Those who in turn S. A., followed which by was the of UniPresident twice as served

session of the 112th Semiannual versity Alumni Association. his appointment in 1925, as Associate

Conference, and those who listened While still young in years he went Regional Executive, Region Twelve, to the broadcast of the proceedings, to Germany for the study of music, Boy Scouts of America, comprising heard approvingly that Oscar Amwhich he pursued from 1900 to 1903. Utah, Nevada, California, Arizona,

nion Kirkham would now take his This was followed by two years deand the Hawaiian Islands. This

his preceded appointbeen had by in the teaching to Ricks voted of music place the General Authoramong in as 1920 SecreExecutive ment College, in turn Idaho, Rexburg, which ities of the Church. of the tary ImMutual Young Men's another years followed two by was the a First of Council As member in posiAssociation, which provement in at University, study music Columbia filling the of Seventy, the vacancy I. tion has four he under served A. M. preparation City. This York New

: late of the caused the death Presby General Superintendents Anthony at teaching career followed a was by

ident Rulon S. Wells, Oscar A. L. D. S. University, where, from 1908 W. Ivins, George Albert Smith, Albert

Kirkham brings with him many qualito 1913 he was head of the music E. Bowen, and George Q. Morris. In

fications that have placed him in high department. these two positions last named he was

esteem in other activities of the Then, in 1913, into the program of still serving at the time of his appointthe to First of the Council Sevment I. the the through came A. Church these M. Church. should be Among

enty. to the give acScout movement, Boy his for pressing noted the concern interis recognized Brother Kirkham tive direction Kirkto Oscar which A. his welfare of of fellow youth and circles. nationally recreational in Four the of appointed a member was ham his generally, travel wide and men times served as he has Chief Morale the of General Board Men's Young sympathetic acquaintance with many at Officer at Scout Jamborees: World in Association, Improvement Mutual

lands and peoples, the personal inBirkenhead, England, in 1920; Arrowe

THE KIRKHAM FAMILY OF EIGHT

Mrs. Carol Jarvis Mrs. Grace Burbidge Rock M. Kirkham Norman Kirkham Mark Kirkham Oscar Ned Kirkham Kathryn Kirkham Jane Kirkham

.

*.:',:K:

&:aSii? *

.\

-.** y B| 'HjSfi

A TYPICAL CANDID PHOTOGRAPH OF PRESIDENT

AN EARLIER PHOTOGRAPH OF OSCAR A. ANDDAVIDA SCOUT.0. McKAY, PRESIDENT OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, KIRKHAM. OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, CHIEF MORALE

OFFICER, WORLD SCOUT JAMBOREE.

Parke, England, in 1929; Godolo, studying architecture in Washington,

in private Kirkham, C., Oscar N. D. Holin Haarlem, 1933; andHungary, lives the hearts of boys and and men Roberts; at Miss official the U. S. in Camp Armyland, in 1937. has been He I it touched. Scout has a As Boy State student at Utah Kirkham, to Kathryn called uponattendance been has and

participate in many recreational meets Agricultural College, and Miss Jane have heard the beckoning of thatand conferences of national and interKirkham, student at East High school voice—in the early hours of morningnational scope, one of which, the Nain Salt Lake City.—in the candid brightness of day,

tional Recreation out on the trail

Conference at Baland after taps in timore, Maryland, the quieting solemwas responsible for nity of the night—

his absence from the and always it

ConferenceGeneral seems to come from of hisat the time appointment to the the depths of aFirst Council of the moving spirit—

Seventy. penetrating, sinAmong the many cere, persuasive,

achievements of Osreverent.

car Kirkham, there And so, we is one which surthe First Council themmounts the of Seventy—his notable andall General Authorof familyworthyeight children, in the ities—the memberlove and pride and OSCAR A. KIRKHAM AND SCOUTS FROM MANY LANDS, AT THE WORLD JAMBOREE, HOLLAND, 1937. ship of a worldresponsibility of wide Church

whom he has shared with his worthy It is fitting that the appointment welcome Oscar A. Kirkham to a callwife, Ida Murdock Kirkham, whom he of Oscar Ammon Kirkham should ing of distinction and of great reall children, 1904. in Thosemarried in the voice "a referred to as be new that sponsibility, his moving knowing lives in their pursuing grown, andnow Israel."of councils of general One

his his speech, persuasive uprightenergy, of the with examplekeeping is his qualities distinctive his most in they were which the ofness home life varied talents, worthy and his of voice, devoid large Arlingvoice—a of Jarvis Carol arereared: Mrs. bestir men to beton, Virginia; Mrs. Grace Burbidge of harshness—a deep and throaty voice will now be used to

Salt Lake City; Rock M. Kirkham, first with pleasing quality and conviction about their Father's business—thatassistant Scout executive for the Wash-—a voice, which, in crescendo, or in others may find the only way of life

in far carries terms Council; whisper, Norman reverentington, D. C, Scout

student at Harvard graduate in the that leads to highest attainment here farKirkham, distance, and of physical

University; Mark Kirkham, who is and hereafter.

THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY, OCTOBER, 1941

Levi Edgar Young Antoine R. Ivins Samuel 0. Bennion John H. Taylor Rufus K. Hardy Richard L. Evans Oscar A. Kirkham

J/ul YOUNG LAWYER By a story from the life of Daniel Webster in which youth makes an investment KENNETH

P.WOOD thatYEARS.pays dividends in later

Reprinted from Future Magazine a Enclosed herewith I am sending you a story about Daniel so I guess a dollar will be about

Webster. I do not know who sent it right."

it of re- I think but to me, is worthy the Daniel pocketed Webster in the printing provided of course Era, rewithout and comment it. dollar that the right to publish have we

I am sure you will enjoy reading it. turned to his little office. There he

"Sincerely yours, entered on his record book a note to the effect that his journey to Bos- "Heber J. Grant."ton and the reference books had cost

him between forty and fifty dollars, and that he had received as a fee the in dollar magnificent of hard one sum client. least the honor even toward

all cash. the forgot he about Then really Consequently, though he matter.

it, afford stagethe took could he not started the Webster twentyfive afterward, years SomeDaniel to Boston, coach spent the whole and practice of law and unknown at the he the of head was when libraries there. in the law day He barely with to enough money his for noted American bar and

to his surprise, found, that point the bill.pay his Clients weekly board the statesmanship, president a of

in question never decided been had thewere few and far between when large railway telegraphed him saynever because it had up comevillage blacksmith entered Dan in just ing that to consult him he wished form. Nevertheless, heWebster's office and asked for legal that subject. important a very did find on The similar through somewhat cases andadvice. at office in Bosmet Webster's two

to the them he pursued subject back laid the before which he The case ton, the the door and was locked, the very law of statute and common attorney to theyoung with had do railroad president said very anxconflicting claims of himself and one England. iously:

of his neighbors regarding a parcel His constructive mind developed a "Mr. Webster, I want to put beof land. The question seemed to theory of equity which was confore you a question that vitally afinvolve a very peculiar point of sistent with all decisions that had fects the interests of my road. The

law which he could not answer offbeen handed down in similar cases, very eminent lawyers whom I have hand. But since a lawyer does not and he made copious notes of them. consulted believe my contention is

his lean correct, but they are absolutely unadmit that he is ever puzzled—espeAnd then he bought, from

purse, the volumes which contained able to find any decision which bearscially a very young lawyer—Webster told the blacksmith that he was references that he needed, and with upon the subject. The case is to be

exceedingly busy at the time, that these he went back to Portsmouth. tried in a very short time, and yet

he would look into the case and give T was with this background of remy side is wholly unprepared. If I

an opinion in three or four days. I search that he went before the lose the decision, then my opponents

As soon as the blacksmith left the local court and made his appeal will seriously cripple our corporaoffice, Webster began eagerly to an agreement prepared as carefully tion."

consult the store of law books which and with as much learning as if it Webster remained impassive, and made up his small library. But after were to be presented in the Supreme said in his deep voice, "Please state

a thorough search he could find nothCourt of the United States. The your case."

—noing similardecisions,to thenoblacksmith'sprecedents,caseno whelmed.lawyer on theAfterotheronlysidea meagerwas overre- producedThe railroadall the papersmagnatebearingdid uponand

reference to that particular complibuttal, a verdict was handed down it. Webster glanced through the

cation. favoring the blacksmith. testimony briefly and then a gleam

sort of attorney would A different lighted his In great eyes. black up smithy the out of court, Cominghave of plea kind up some made and that precisely the case was asked, you, principle do I much owe "How trusted orluck or towould have in of the blacksmith's Portsmouth. Webster?"Mr. client his pull toatory through. But involves "This knotty a very probWebster, even at the age of twenty- "Oh,"answered the lawyer, who lem,"he said. "I will undertake to

five, was profoundly interested in was always careless about money act for you if you will give me the every phase of the law. He had to matters, "pay me whatever you think necessary authority. I shall not

go to the very bottom of things beyou can afford."need the assistance of other counfore he could be satisfied, and he "Well,"said the client, "you sel."

also had a very high standard of seemed to run it off pretty easily, (Continued on page 678).

seenWe have and heard aruL wsl teAtitfy. o ihsajL thinqA.

to (Jaao&L jcuuL io alL ihsL w&dcL

DEAR PRESIDENT GRANT:

I ft /e have witnessed the beauty of edge, power, and authority to lead hu- l/vs your life; the kindness, forbearmanity back to peace, if they will but

ance, and vast generosity of your public follow. Would that the message might

and private dealings; your battles for truth sink into their hearts!

and stern refusal to compromise with error; We thank the Lord for you and your

and your gentle tempering of justice. service. You have been profitable, spirWe have seen your incessant, earnest, itually and temporally, to the Church and

intelligent labor to magnify the work of to your generation. Your entrancing

the Lord and to build up His kingdom on career is an example and a challenge to earth, even from your young manhood, us and to all men.

when you were called by revelation to a We who have had the privilege of close high calling in the Church. association with you testify of these

We have heard your clear, unwavering things, solemnly, to Israel and to all the testimony of the divine mission of Joseph world. You are the leader, divinely

Smith, the Prophet, and of the truth of chosen, of the Church of Jesus Christ;

the restored Gospel, which has brought and we have the assurance that the Lord peace and certainty to the hearts of a is pleased with your ministry among the multitude. children of men.

We have seen you on many occasions, We are happy and proud to follow your clothed with prophetic power, as the unleadership.

doubted, authorized leader of the Lord's May many years on earth be added to work of salvation for the children of men. those you celebrate on November 22, 1941

Throughout your eightyfive years you have delivered the message, which if Sincerely and affectionately, heeded, would have spared the earth of its present horror. You have shown the wisThe Council of the Twelve.

dom of the righteous life.

In this day, when men's hearts fail them, and confusion and evil reign, you A stand as the one man on earth with knowl- \ President.

* /he Seventies of the Church join the differ with him in opinion but no one +/ host of other friends of our beloved can accuse him of dishonesty.

President in congratulations upon his arPresident Grant is generous to a fault, rival at another milestone in the journey and as honest as the day is long. He has

of life. We hope that God, in tender a faculty of making friends, and among

mercy, will give him better health and them are to be found the high and the low, extend his years. the rich and the poor. The man who is

Everyone who really knows President thrown into immediate association with

Grant loves him for his sterling qualities. him is fortunate indeed. This faculty has

His faithfulness and devotion to the made him one of the most powerful misChurch have never been questioned, and sionaries of the Church.

no sacrifice in its behalf has ever been President Grant, we congratulate you.

refused by him. His service to the Church May God bless you.

has frequently necessitated great pecuniary sacrifice which was always willingly The First Council of the Seventy.

and graciously given. Greater devotion

would be rare indeed.

He is especially known for his persistence and tenacity of purpose. One may

JhsL PRESIDENT

SECRETARY

By JOSEPH ANDERSON Secretary to President Grant

the 2 1 st of November, 1921 President Grant delivered JOSEPH ANDERSONONan address in the Assembly

Hall to the students of the Latterday Saints University. He told of

his experiences in overcoming obergy to the tasks assigned to him continued. Thousands of members

stacles and of his accomplishments and to those which he himself asof the Church and friends outside through perseverance. To me this sumed. Surely hard work in his the Church, in the business world,

was an eventful day, for the reason youth and young manhood was one have received from him letters that it was the first of the Presiof the great foundation stones upon long letters—dictated to the dictadent's speeches that, at his invitation, which he built the enduring structure phone late at night or in the early

I had attempted to report. Upon my of the successful man. hours of the morning when he could

success that day depended very During the years that I have not sleep. Many a time when on the

greatly the answer to my applicaknown him that same "drive"has train, going East or going West, or tion for employment with the Presperhaps while in a hotel room when ident of the Church. I shall always away from home, early in the mornit thatbelieve a special he made Up and Down the World ing,ity forbeforemost theof us,usualhe wouldhours ofgetactivbusy the utmost withpoint to speak

rapidity on that occasion. Of one Travel Data Concerning President taking care of matters that needed

Heber J. Grant attention, or perhaps sending a wordthing I am certain—it was with great

difficulty that I followed him. On By Marvin E. Smith of comfort or cheer to someone

because of aching heart was since, occasions whose I have hadmany setto the of custom Contrary experience. distressing or tragic a just fast to learnopportunity how tling passively and growdown automobile traveling talk. really by when EvenPresident can Grant three years, after score Presing old

That experience stands out vividly ident Heber J. Grant has continued to attend a conference in some disin my mind because it was the bein vigorous activity. tant stake, he has been known to

sixtythree years he Although was answer corand open his briefcase intimateginning of an and enjoyable President of he age became when instruction as or giveassociation the President with as respondence time, that ofthe that since yet Church, has endured over a period of twenty nearly as can be ascertained from to how certain matters should be years. As the years have come and the records kept by Bertha K. Irvine, disposed of. Not infrequently he

has long served those him of who that never been has remarked he has affection onegone, admiration and my traveled secretary, he has 406,000 as his work. This with able to catch up increased. continually havefor him the in miles appointments to fill 1500

One could not do otherwise than service of the Church and for the he can never accomplish for the rearecognize his many virtues, and we betterment of his fellow men. Stason that he is always thinking of

can all profit by the wonderful extistically,587 talks inthe wardsappointmentsin 224 differentinclude things to do to add to the happinessample he has set us. We should not towns and cities; 504 addresses at 224 of others.seek for perfection in men—no one stake conferences; 157 dedications Nor does the situation change

is perfect; but no one who has be- (wards, seminaries, temples, hosgreatly when he is confined to his

etc.); ad28 and.monuments, is It illness. of on account intimately with pitals acquaintedcome

civic, national, or home to state, dresses of take care to for him not unusual fail to recognizePresident Grant can including radio professional groups, in him the fundamental human virbroadcasts. Average miles traveled more work when he is ill than otherare for 270, appointment and each being course, due of perseverloyalty,tues courage, of the wise—this,

sixtyhis since total traveled distance that fact he is free to the initiative, faith, largely generosity,ance, is sixteen to third equal birthday interruption. from frequent work.and hard world. the times around

All his life he has been an inThe energy and risk involved in More than a year and a half ago miles million half and going nearly a ill the President became seriously worker.domitable He has never engagements, both 1500 and on the at while in Los Angeles, hurt anyone.felt that work uncomplainabroad, and was I am keepinghome

convinced that one of the qualities ingly and enthusiastically undertaken advice of his physicians was taken most responsible for his prodigious in the spiritual welfare of humanity. to the hospital. He was in a critical

that the President doubtful It seems to sent flowers Friends condition. is his of love work.achievements

fraction forth a small put have would his room; to brighten is cheer him and his for zestIllustrative of work effort thus except the expended, of

the fact that in his young manhood for his driving determination to serve others sent letters of encouragement.

he toiled until the late hours of the that cause which he knows is vital to President Grant, though almost too night and the early hours of the thehis felloweternal men.welfare of every one of sick to talk, insisted that letters of

morning, devoting his dynamic en- (Continued on page 691) days in schoolMy By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

AS TOLD TO HIS DAUGHTER RACHEL G. TAYLOR

Jhitu Atoiy. oft, ihsL Jbu&ukdwfUL and

JtAiumpPuu jd jcl niAmalh bwublsLAjojtul Jbjojy svUL bsL suyajy&d by* young* and old A PEN SKETCH OF BRIGHAM YOUNG'S

SCHOOLHOUSE

bought $350,000 worth of Z. C.M.I, do not think I went to sleep until

Thewasfirstthe schoolDoremusI everSchoolattendedwhere stock,store wasandbuiltpartonofthethegroundZ. C. whereM. I. aftersaw Indiansmidnight.crawlingI wasaroundsure thatin theI

the old adobe knitting works that first home stood. sagebrush. The next night we

stood. I got whipped once for tellAfter the Doremus school I atstayed at Beaver, then Red Creek

in a small dwelling (Parowan), the next night Cedar ing the truth—one of the bigger tended a school

boys gave me a mauling because I on West Temple Street just below City, the next Kanarra, from there told the truth about him. I was sent the center of the block where the to Toquerville. We then went to

up twice to be whipped by Brother Grant Brothers livery stable was St. George. We stayed there about

Doremus. Both times I ought not built. Matthias F. Cowley's mother six months, and my teacher, I believe,

to have been. The second time I was the teacher. I afterwards went was a Sister Everett. A man by the

was to be whipped, instead of going to the Brigham Young schoolhouse name of McGregor, I think, also had upstairs I ran home. Brother where Sister Granville was the a school. Tone [Anthony W.

Doremus taught upstairs, and Sister teacher, Orson Whitney and others Ivins] went to him; he was four

Doremus had the little children were pupils there. I was baptized years older than I.

downstairs. I was then living in the in the font behind Brigham Young's People went to St. George beMain Street home. The first time schoolhouse, but I do not remember cause it was pleasant. President

I was whipped was the only time I who baptized me and who confirmed Young built a house there, and he was ever upstairs. me. I think the font was far enough spent the bad months in St, George.

When any child had to be whipsouth that when they made First They built a cotton factory there, a ped, they had what seemed to me Avenue they had to tear down the threestory log building; it is standto be a great big willow, but I guess font. ing there now. I carried one end

it was a little switch. I was told to The fall I became nine, Mother of the chain to survey the ditch to

go up there again, but did not do it. and I went to St. George for the the cotton factory, and Tone the

I ran home and was nearly exwinter, and I remember that I went other.

hausted for fear someone was after to school there in a tent. We travto to it I in Camilla St. also went eled to Cobb a wagon. George me. all about told mother and It I

I just after the school that I before ConOctober be ought would Unibeen whipnot to have went to the ped because it was not my fault, and ference. Aunt Anna and Cousin versity. She had a private school,

she fixed it so that I did not get Tone had come up to conference south of the Social Hall. After there

whipped. I remember that they gave and we went back with them. The I attended the University, and from

little prizes, and I was given a prize first night we stopped at Brother there I went to Miss Cook's, and afwhich was a piece of paper about Standring's—Rebecca Standring's, terwards back to the University. I

three or four inches long and about who was afterwards the president attended the University when the an inch and a half wide with the one of the Relief Society—Edwin, I think school was in a building that afterword "Truthful"in blue ink, well was his name. The next night I wards became the Deseret Museum,

printed. I saved it until after I was think we stayed at Spanish Fork, where Richards Street now is.

married; I prized it very highly. and the next night at Salt Creek A man by the name of Hardy,

I remember coming home from (Nephi); the next night Round who afterwards became in charge of

that school one night after mother Valley (Scipio), the next night the State Mental Hospital at Provo, had moved to Second East. Nobody Cedar Fort (Holden). I do not and a girl by the name of Young

was in our old house on Main Street, know where we stopped the followwho lived on First South, and Sarah and you had to step down one step ing night; it was Meadow or Corn Francis Young, were the teachers.

to the lot. I sat down on the ground Creek. Then the next night it seems It was upstairs, and a number of us

and cried, and jumped up and shook to me we camped in Wildcat Canwent there, and we had no teacher;

my fist at the place and said: "When yon. There was no Cove Fort then. we had to go up to the Council

I am a man I will buy you back."I We slept on the ground. They had House to give our lessons, so we

often thought of that years later been telling Indian stories. It was had a monitor to keep the boys

when I formed a syndicate and a beautiful moonlight night, and I (Continued on page 681)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

CALL TO A YOUNG MAN CL JhibudsL

the Aaronic with our work /N the of Church, Priesthood weBackweather"in 1882,couldthe nottermhave"conferencesignified diateIn accordanceaction waswithtakentheandabove,the immethree anything very different from what brethren named in the revelation were feel that one of the greatest init does today. We read in the record ordained on Monday, October 16, 1882, fluences for good in their lives is

of fiftynine years ago that to the positions to which they had been the wonderful example of our designated by direct revelation. Of President. Alma taught: "And

President Taylor said as the weather conthis action the Deseret News, under the also trust no one to be your tinued cold and we were unable to warm editorship of Charles W. Penrose, comteacher nor your minister, except

the Tabernacle, Conference would meet mented with satisfaction: he be a man of God, walking in

this afternoon in the Assembly Hall at His ways and keeping His com- 2 o'clock p. m. If the weather was warmer The word of the Lord and the ordination mandments."One could not

on Saturday, we would meet in the Taberof these brethren, we feel assured will be hope to find a man who more

will there gensent of the Saints, be a and President does 1882. Heber than 6, J. October News,nacle—Deseretwhen all should come well clothed. received and sustained by the cordial confully exemplifies these qualities

all leadthat satisfaction feeling the eral of the he Grant. became When 7, in the Oct. Saturday, met full [Conference the ing of are guorums Church now inhe Church, the President of Tabernacle.] is pernothing complete. There more and

fect and beautiful than the order of the dicated that he would not ask the to more Saints be Latterday Priesthood as revealed from Holy On High since, times it so done has many As in the faithful keeping commandSmith, and through the Prophet Joseph with waiting thenthe membership was he. the of would than ments Lord

fill to leaders ofinterest the naming new is honor. soul of the very He presiding the in existing vacancies financarried he heavy Though

this time of the councils Church—only cial for years, would he burdensthere were four—two vacancies in the not resort to bankruptcy, as he

Council of the Twelve and two vacanwas advised to do by many of his

Seventy. the of cies in the First Council

went, conference and cameBut the with thatfriends.is worthyHe hasofsetemulationan exampleby

only one of these four vacancies having every Latterday Saint.

filled. Cannon, H.been Abraham unselfish that peois so few He

age, of years twentythree was then realize does ple he much how of sustained as a member unanimously to his personal funds from own

Seventy. of the First the Council ( The to conin help those need and

same Abraham H. Cannon who seven tribute to worthy causes.

the later of years a member became faith in great God, and He has close of the ) But the Twelve.Quorum persistent believes that through

of conference left three vacancies yet effort men can overcome handiunfilled. caps and difficulties.

Prior to the conference of October, He has taught us wonderful ex1882, George Teasdale, then a man of amples of thrift in caring for his fiftyone had had a manifestation as widowed mother and his own though a voice had spoken to him, that families.

calledhe and Heber would be J. Grant

fill into the existing vacancies the ABOUTPRESIDENTTHE TIMEGRANTHEASBECAMEHE APPEAREDAN APOSTLE.AT life,Hisrichhaswithbeenexamplesa most wonderfulof faithCouncil of the Twelve. Heber J. Grant; fulness and rightliving, and full

then the young president of Tooele of the inspiration of the Lord in

Stake, had read Brother Teasdale's when every quorum and council occupies all his ministry, so that we can its filling its position, proper each own matter, asthoughts they met on this by old: of did say, as truly Alma

that of animpinging not sphere upon and the gates through south goingchance in is walking of God, a man "He the other, in thereof the act and members their toof Square on Temple way His keeping comand His ways is spirit there calling, their of power theconference. conference But when in mandments."felt exercised Israel as cannot and such be

passed without announcement of these by other means, and the whole body of the We congratulate President appointments, both began to wonder Church is blessed and strengthened. Grant on the coming of his eightyvalidity of theirabout the source and birthday, thank our Heaand feelings fifth that the are sure we express Weimpressions. on October Then, permitted having Father for venly desires Saints Latterday throughof the 13, and

1882, came the word of the Lord out the world when we say, God bless the him to minister among us for so through President John Taylor directElders who have been ordained to these many years. We hope and pray

ing the filling of the three vacancies in important offices in the Priesthood, and fill that it may please the Lord to the presiding councils of the Church, as them with the spirit and power and gifts permit him to remain with us yet their of Thursholy calling!—Deseret News,follows his with to bless us years many

Charles October day, 19, 1882, (editorial); truly leadership. and He wisdom Editor. Penrose, W. Thus saith the Lord to the Twelve, and is a great man.

to the Priesthood people of and my Church.

servants,Let Teasdale George my and Thus it was that President Heber J. The Presiding Bishopric.

Heber J. Grant, be appointed to fill the Grant as a young man nearing twentyin the thatvacancies Twelve, you may be six years was called by direct revelation for thefully organized prepared labors and

devolving upon you, for you have a great to the Apostleship fiftynine years ago, work to perform; and then proceed to fill in pursuit of which sacred trust he has

presiding of Seventiesup the and Quorum his life since that ordered time—laterassist in Priestthat organizing of body my to President of the become Church,

in colaborers are your thehood minwho istry. You may appoint Seymour B. Young November 23, 1918, twentythree years

to fill up the vacancy in the Presiding Quoago this month.rum of Seventies....—R. L. E.

A SHORT SHORT STORY By JAMES P. SHARP

about cl fouWiaL $c?l owl

that jcoulcL havsL bum. $fa two!

AS I STEPPED TO THE HEAD OF THE

GRAVE I NOTICED TIM STANDING A

AWAY. FEW FEET A SORT OF A with him. As we were getting the SNEER ON HIS FACE. WAS

casket to the grave and lowering it, other men began to arrive. Some

conduct the services, which was cuswere riding horseback with a saddle;

tomary when a death happened to some had no saddle; and still others

a member of the family of a Lodge came with harnesses on their horses, man in good standing. The stage just as they had been taken from the

had arrived, but no minister. It was hay field. I told those present it

impossible to keep the body another was customary at Mormon funerals day, so he was asking me to conduct to dedicate the grave. Something

the services. seemed to force me to say, which I

I hesitated and told him that was did, "And while the grave is being one thing I had never done. Then dedicated, the gentlemen usually

he said, "I never saw a Mormon but remove their hats."

what could do anything he was As I stepped to the head of the asked to do, and do it better than grave I noticed Tim standing a few anyone else."Still I hesitated and feet away. A sort of sneer was

he continued, "You Mormons believe on his face. The late arrivals all

thirtyodd years that children who die before they gathered near him. When I said,ago manysPomestrange happenings came have been baptized will be saved. "Amen,"and looked up, every hat

my way while I was managing a Now this babe was not baptized, so was removed. Then I thanked

large ranch up in Idaho. The peowhy not preach a Mormon sermon those present, in behalf of the family,

ple of the valley called ours the Morand have a real Mormon funeral."for any services rendered to the parmon outfit and showed plainly they Without waiting for me to reply, he ents of this infant.

wanted nothing to do with us. An went on, "Funeral will be held at The head Lodge man and I

event or two happened that changed the Lodge hall at one o'clock. I'll walked back to town, and as we did

of those people over almostsome that if things get moving and he had boasted and go up told me Tim

Stillnight. to be some seemed on will there time. 'I attempted to conduct them on have a Mormon

the fence, so to speak, and we Rather dumfounded, I stood there funeral there would be two in the scarcely knew whom to trust. as he walked back to his horse, grave instead of one, and I would

While going to the house for mounted it, and rode to town in recbe the other person, so the head dinner one hot day in August I noord time. To the house I went and man had sent a messenger in haste to

ticed a man coming down the road. told the men to go on with the haymembers of the Lodge to come to

He was riding a horse and coming ing and I would be back some time the cemetery immediately, as there very fast. He stopped at the gate, later. was an emergency to be met, hence

got off, tied his horse to the tie post, When I arrived at the Lodge hall, the men arrived as they did.

pulled a whiskey bottle from his the people were there. The Lodge Tim was a clerk in one of the

pocket, emptied it, threw the bottle man said, as I walked to the door, stores, and previously, whenever we into the canal, and started for the "The family have requested a short went there for the mail or supplies, house. I waited for him. When service. Don't be afraid of anything he refused to wait on us and usually

about ten feet from me he asked, Tim and his gang might start. We'll had some slurring remark to make

"Are you a Mormon?"take care of them."about the Mormons. I had a hard

I looked at him and wondered A quartet of ladies sang; the chaptime keeping some of the ranch

what was wrong and replied, "No, lain read some sort of prayer; and hands from taking issue with him.

I am not a Mormon. the head Lodge man said they were On this day, however, as we

Don't claim any of those titles you pleased to have one in their midst walked past the store door which referred to. I am just a common who could conduct such services in was open, we saw Tim with his back

everyday Mormon. What can I do an emergency. Then he introduced to us talking for all he was worth.

for you?"me as the speaker. Some of those We stopped and heard him say,

He looked at me, offered an present did not know the minister "And when I die I want one of those apology, and explained that an inhad failed them and were surprised Mormons to say a few fant had died the day previous and when they saw who was to preach. words over my grave, just like that

as head of the Lodge he had phoned When we arrived at the cemetery, one did. Never heard anything like

to Boise for a minister to come and there stood Tim and four of his men it before in my whole life."

President grant in sculpture HpHE STORY OF THIS MONTH'S COVER, THE NEW bust of President Heber J. Grant, created

by Avard Fairbanks.

By RICHARD L EVANS

literal rather than that detail"—but LEFT: RIGHT FRONT VIEW have achieved been is a conOF both OF BUST THE COMPLETED

PRESIDENT GRANT. clusion that forces itself upon those

who look upon the original.

"I feel that this is one of the finest studies that I have done,"stated Dr.

RIGHT, BELOW: PRESIDENT Fairbanks. "Following along with

FAIRGRANT SITS AS AVARD Lincoln the recently comAbraham

HIS CHARCAPTURES BANKS pleted, it causes sense more IN ACTERISTIC me to FEATURES

CLAY. RACH EL GRANT TAYLOR keenly an ambition to make the great OBSERVER. IS AN INTERESTED

characters of American history;

and indeed President Grant is one of them."Avard Fairbanks'other works include the "Tragedy of Winter Quarfather to sit for Avard Fairbanks in ters,"a deeply stirring work erected office Territorial is and the old a reproducChurch at Florence, for the NebrasChurch

President Young, bust Brigham of PresusedThistionmonth'sof a portraitcover by ka; S. disFrontiers,"L. D. "New

ident Heber J. Grant, sculpbetween the Lion House and the Beeplay at the Century of Progress

tured in the forepart of September of Hive House, and in four short sitExposition, Chicago; and the "Three

this year by Dr. Avard Fairbanks, tings, each of not much more than Witnesses"memorial on the Temple

Utahborn artist, who is now a meman hour, the clay took on lifelikeness grounds, and many other major ber of the faculty in the Institute of in a manner almost unbelievable to works which have been accorded

Fine Arts at the University of Michthose who are uninitiated in the honors throughout the principal igan at Ann Arbor. ways of the sculptor. cities of America. His works have

Dr. Fairbanks, the father of eight Most of the work was done at the been widely exhibited in America

sons, habitually finds his way, with first sitting. From then on it was and Europe. his family, back to Utah during the only a matter of refinement—"but Dr. Fairbanks, son of the late John

summer months, as circumstances not too much of refinement,"ex- B. Fairbanks, Utah artist, received

permit. This year the trip, because plained Brother Fairbanks, "because his training at various institutions

he was finishing a heroic statue of we strive for character and strength (Concluded on page 684)

Abraham Lincoln for the Hawaiian

Islands, was necessarily late, but early in September he walked into the Eta offices and expressed again a longfelt desire to create a bust of President Grant. Because

of President Grant's approaching eightyfifth birthday anniversary, and because of this forthcoming anniversary issue of the Era we felt that the time was particularly opportune. It was explained to Professor Fairbanks however that the

President's physical energies must not be imposed upon, in response to which caution came the reply from the artist that the process of sitting for a bust that he makes is not like posing for a painting—that relaxation and informality are desirable—

that stiff, formal postures not only are not necessary but not wanted.

Accordingly, arrangements were made through Rachel Grant Taylor and Lucy Grant Cannon for their

THANKSGIVING, 1941 HEARTHSIDE SEASON SAVING GRACE

By Edna S. Dustin By Frances Hall By Alice Whitson Norton

give, Let's fall, the ripe in the night nuts give thanks Loud then And When like frost in Crackling beams: heavy My Imotherwas a wouldchild, say, That can give. we

And bolder sounds the coyote's call "Set worry aside,

Let's give To trouble the watchdog's closecurled And run out and play."

Because we live dreams.

In this great land High on the garden's grapevined wall Today I've grown up

Where we can give A predatory green eye gleams. And facing stern life,

That others may live. This is the time of the heaping bin, Battling with problems

Of the granary's wealth and the cellar's Entangled with strife.

Let's give, store, And then give thanks The season for locking the firelight in Scrimping for clothes,

That we can give. And letting the winter storm wind roar. Struggling for bread,

These are the days of tales to spin Seeing but heartaches

In happy talk round the fire once more. And failures ahead.

AMONG CHOICE GIFTS Low is my spirit, By Mabel Jones Dark is my day;

lot of gifts along life's sends aGod way SenseI'll runtooutthe andrescue:play. paths, light the darkened to smooth To

sharp stones. i

in spring freshness of a dawnThe atones ABSENCE nights, laden days. or heavyFor stormy

By Gilean DouglasAnd in the waking of a bud appears will of high courage which promiseThe frail fill that of close writing pages rift bring lift Now of doubt, heaviness a andThe life by day and dreams make My my fears. discouragements and to span hopeOf night, by

all find in I sing the songs spirits high, I cannot the heart and is gayThen, when strain lovely as as the One words you that thrills notes of song winged onThe lilt write.

Will ease the pain of joyrestricted throats

And carol voiceless praises to the sky. Now that my ears have lost their sweetest

tones, all of the gifts that choiceBut would God letters are the I And see, lamps whereby Photograph send find in by Lionel Green I cannot lonely heart my clear, the beautiful journey and makeTo of thought those One send you alljoy—save drear, the shining the share and momentsTo to me.

friend.I this: RAIN understanding treasure an

By Bianca Bradbury FREEDOM GRATITUDE for our delight. was made Rain

By Joseph D. Olson little feet By Helen Van Cott Madsen dancing A million

a patentleather Down to give our thanks Thee, a dusty We summer night. OnOGod! street, OH,of youthe wildprairie,lover us, for Redeeming Love For Thy

Thy loving watch, on land or sea, Sprites of silver at their play, You charging, restless

For all that's grand and glorious. Down the canyon walls they chase, bronco

Flee from man! to erase and gentle, high, Gay vales mountains and verdantThe

into crystal pools the faces of day. Gaze The tired leafy in the bowers. songstersAnd

stillness; of mirrored starlit sky, and moon, andFor sun

in close the city's sleep the silences eyes, Drink flowers. To thousand fragrance of aThe

at Singing a pane window that the on desert soft refrain murmuring and hover A light for the Gospel's thee thankWe earth's lullabies. ancient like Of own the soundless here below, mortals guide usTo hush white, pure so and peaks, snowcladThe

of seas. empty flow, crystal waters the whichFrom

high Hold head your love care protecting andFor Thy race and DAYS MY see; all the hear and good weAnd

the with whistling all above, blessings from thy

Daniel Kramer By Edgar winds to Thee. thanks our give, God, OhForWe That wander

Short days or long days, free as night

I but laugh at dying; adown the stretching,

short or days, endless, days YOUR IMAGE Long fools sighing. are prairie... i Only

By Dorothy Hilbert Gay days or sad days, I've locked your image within my heart, I am ever singing; WISDOM

A memory, to be kept apart Sad days or gay days,

From day's revealing light. Hearts are wisely clinging. By Jean Anderson

these years troubledBut when more,Shall flowing tears Fair days or dark days, n T AM the head of this "house,"he said, and the be no

By a gentle hand are wiped away, I but mock the weather; Thinking - that the greater part;

Then shall we know once more Dark days or fair daysBut she was wiser far than heOur dreams of yesterday. Dear, we are together. She was content to be its heart.

oves

Death Takes Wife The 112th SemiAnnual of Elder Merrill Conference P"mily Traub Merrill, wife of Dr.

HThe one hundred twelfth semiannual *-* Joseph F. Merrill of the Council

conference held October 3, 4, 5, of the Twelve, died unexpectedly of a was marked by a common plea to live heart attack September 29. She was

the Gospel, set our houses spiritually sixtytwo.

in order, prepare for a day of need in Mrs. Merrill's career had been one

the perhaps not too distant future, and of devotion to family, Church, and guard against the "isms"and hatreds community. Recognized as a teacher

that are in the world today. of much ability, she served in Salt

President Heber J. Grant presided Lake City schools and on the faculty of

over the conference and was present at the University of Utah, retiring from several of its sessions, the inclemency of the latter post in 1933 to accompany the weather barring his attendance at Dr. Merrill to London, where they presome meetings. He addressed the consided over the European Missions

gregation twice, besides speaking at from 193336.

the Priesthood meeting Saturday night She recently was a counselor in the for over fortyfive minutes. President Relief Society presidency of the UniDavid O. McKay conducted the sesversity Ward, Emigration Stake. She

sions of the conference. had also served as a guide in the Lion

At the final session, Elder Oscar A. House Social Center during the tourist

Kirkham was sustained to fill the vaseason.

cancy in the First Council of Seventy JOHN D. GILES Always a keen student of world afcaused by the death of President Rulon fairs, she was president of the Authors'

S. Wells. Brother Kirkham 's absence John D. Giles Appointed Club, a member of the Classics Club, a

in the east prevented his response to Chief of New York Bureau study group; the Friendship Circle; the

call.bis 660.) (See page Circle; the of Neighborly Wives field superGiles, D. "pLDER John fall this included conferences Special Authorities the Ensign and Church "L/ Priestthe visor of both Aaronic presidents, mission the stake forone all in of she Club, been an which had

I. A., the General Y. and hood M. M. its first held, under to kind of bethe officer.

for director the publicity and Board the First of Council of direction thethe are Merrill Surviving besides Dr.

I. I. A., A. Y. and Y. M. M. M. W. of the for bishopsSeventy, and one foster sons, three foster three daughof national the council of and member Bishopric. Presiding thethe by Church sisters, ters, brother. three a and

left Salt America, of Scouts the Boy for also meeting Church a There was architects in which they discussed Lake City October 13, to assume new Stake Missions Baptize Many of director as of the Bureau field duties in the building innovationsvarious sevof seventeen hundred total at A Palmyra, York. Information New in the concould they employwhich * entysix persons been bapof 'r have D. Hooper John He succeeds throughout ofstruction new buildings

first tized eight the during of months acdirected has Utah, Hooper, whothe Church. missionaries, 1941 Elder tivities since 1939. there by stake July,

the of Authorities the General All of First of the Hardy, in his Rufus K. member Accompanying him new duties

also in attendance. ( See wereChurch the at of is Giles. announced Seventy Elder Council Pratt his wife, Una

page 654. Giles has been for many years field stake mission presidents meeting of the

supervisor of The Improvement Era. recent general conference.

C. Leland Davey Named

Relief Society Plans Aaronic Priesthood Pageant

Church Custodian Head Tower For Temple Bell "Prepare Ye the Way"of appointment C. Leland Davey"pHE to the old mount Nauvoo Priesthood 1100 Aaronic Plans XTearly cusof supervisor Churchwide as bell in a granite bronze and Temple cast the in sacred were members Prethe announced beentodians has by Salt Square, the tower Lake on Temple pageant, which Prepare The Ye Way, will supervise Bishopric.siding He celebration, their centennial of as part in the presented Salt TabLake was halls throughout chapels ofthe care and the at Society Relief announced were 1, 2, ernacle, the 3, under October and effort obtain in more tothe an Church conference. Bishopric. direction the of Presiding cleaning, heatin practises theuniform gift British bell, Saints the of The of feature the a pageant one was The buildthe of servicing,ing, upkeep and the the at of completion TemNauvoo confertwelfth semiannual hundredings. ple, plains the with carried across was attracted of the caChurch, ence and

the second company of pioneers. It pacity audiences all three evenings of

Hawaiian Institute of is now housed in the Bureau of Inforthe performances.

Religion Formed mation building. The pageant was written and directed

Extension of the Church department Deseret Industries Open bycompositionsEvelyn N. andWood.arrangementsSpecial musicalwere

*-'of education work to the Territory Fifth Salt Lake Store by N. Lorenzo Mitchell, general secof Hawaii and the appointment of Al- '"Phe Deseret Industries opened its retary of the Church Music committee.

fred C. Nielsen as director of the In- A fifth Salt Lake City store SeptemBrother Mitchell was assisted by Lestitute to serve students of the Uniber 27, with the announcement that the Grande Maxwell in the careful selecversity of Hawaii has been announced new retail outlet for reconditioned, tion of the boys'choir of 450 voices

by Dr. Franklin L. West, Church sterilized, and renovated clothing and from twelve stakes.

commissioner of education. Elder Nielhousehold goods will increase employThe theme of the presentation emsen will also supervise the other phases ment and assist additional needy perbraced man's life from the preexistence,

of the educational program in the sons. Other stores are located in Murthrough mortality, and on through the

Islands. ray, Midvale, and Tooele. (Continued on page 690)

m m IRfBoofBacfi M. I. A. READING COURSE: This condensed history of the Prophet

life will of particular beExecutives A NEW BOOK BY PRESIDENT worthJosephto boysSmith'sof this age have not who

J. GRANT much time to read and yet who are eagerLINCOLN, MAN OF GOD HEBER

learn the story of of Hill. the founder Mor- G. P.(John Wesley

a few days, a new Putnam's Within book monism.toSons, Edition, York. Fourth New

the of President Church by the forty into the chapters, descripDivided pages.458 $2.50.)

will off the press be StanGospel listing in will tive material chapter each interest the is the story of President dards, by Heber J. Grant, the reader serve refresh his to wishes who

Lincoln, essential containing theOFcommonperennialman, teachings Abraham who certain of parts quickly the with memory by magnificent diligence and force, rose from his public statements and writstory of the development of the Church state tofrom that a lowly of president of ings the Church, on the under the Prophet. M. C. /. Gospel—and

States.the United library volume is an inwith- will be The complete life. No

tensely human document, stimulating to all out this significant volume by the Juniors those qualities the emulate would which President who seventh the of Church.

reIs Freedom, Nelson, by Rhoda this great. Itmade release for will date. man Watch

1940, be Thisviewed in the December, Era, page those that think the author available who before emChristmas To and 731.phasizes the fact too that Lincoln to place much promises the take its among

religious, reference vital shouldwas of the be made works Church. (See Scoutsto the previous biographies editorial have which 672.) on page

emphasized the opposite point of view. Pioneer Stories, edited by Preston Nibley,

reviewed in the April, 1941, Bra, page authorThis effort has to great gone to ton R. Hunter, reviewed in the April, 229. his point, after gatheringprove excerpt

223. 1941, Era, pageexcerpt Lincoln's which prove deep and

abiding faith. M. C. J. M Men and Gleaners BeeHive

Builders Willow, The Blue by Doris are Gleaners using the issues and Men M

Gates, reviewed in the Era,- July, 1941, theSpecial Interest of as their course, in reading addiEra

Living,Healthful S. Diehl, Dr. Harold by 413. page to list tion that special in they books may

in the reviewed 1941, Era, June, page Gatherers All Antonia's the Days their for notes, in instance, the Were October Era 351. by Gretchen and Florence McKnown the A. Keys The Kingdom, of J. Cronin,For This My Glory, by Paul Bailey, rewas reviewed on page 626. Gleeson, reviewed in the December,S.

viewed in the November, 1940, Era, 1940, Era, page 738.

page 668. Explorers Guardians The Yearling, by Marjorie K.

Cumorah's Gold Bible, by E. Cecil McTHE LATTERDAY PROPHET Rawlings, reviewed in the July, 1938,

Gavin, reviewed in the December, 1940, (George Q. Cannon. Deseret News Era, page 420.

Era, page 739. Press, Salt Lake City, 1900. 192 pages. Bee Keepers Pioneer Stories, reviewed in

Brigham Young, the Colonizer, by Dr. Mil- $.50.) the April, 1941, Era, page 229.

WlafoL JAtA. Si&isL QJoiUl

Christmas Shopping Center

Your Gift problems can easily be solved by concentrating most of your Christmas buying at this famous Book and Gift Headquarters

BOOKS—for every purpose—for Children and GrownBELL & HOWELL MOVING PICTURE CAMERAS—Also

ups, Fiction, Biography, NonFiction, Travel Books, Projectors, Screens, and all other picture equipment.

Standard Authors, Classics, etc. Candid cameras, films. All Visual Aid equipment for

L. D. S. LITERATURE—All the new and older editions school or home.

by leading authors. Church Histories, Standard

Church Works, Literature for Missionaries, etc. PORTABLE TYPEWRITERS, GIFTWARE—Chrome,

Brass, Copper, Glass, Pottery. Leather Goods, Book

CHRISTMAS CARDS—The most beautiful assortment Ends, etc.

ever shown in Utah. See our "Personalized"Christmas Cards. FINE STATIONERY. FOUNTAIN PENS AND PENCILS,

GAMES, RADIOS, ELECTRIC CLOCKS. CHRISTMAS BIBLES—a wide selection. Give one to a prospective WRAPPINGS, SEALS, ETC., ETC.

missionary.

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple Phone 3-4591 Salt Lake City, Utah

ditoiiaL

It will hold the interest of all to the last. The book "tjoApLsL Shmdahdbl'

will come to occupy an important place in Mormon

Continuous revelation is the lifegiving doctrine literature. It is "affectionately dedicated by The

of the Church of Christ. It must be so, for Improvement Era to President Heber J, Grant,

constant human progress with corresponding one of the founders, senior editor and constant changes, forms the objective of the Plan of Salvafriend."The whole Era family—subscribers, contion. Therefore, as need arises in an increasing tributors, workers in field and office, and the GenChurch, the Lord provides, through the duly chosen eral Era Committee—offer this volume to President

President, new revelation or further applications Grant as a token of gratitude, love, and loyalty, of truths already revealed. Communication with and with the prayerful wish that his life on earth

A. W. (See also the Lord is always open. To supply such inspired may be long extended.—J.

guidance is a main function of the President of the pages 671 and 699.)

Church.

The reality of this doctrine is shown in the 3bjuxL OoksLL and dioJJbsv jchoA.

teachings of the Presidents of the Church, from

Joseph Smith to Heber J. Grant. Indeed, the his- '"There is something about the clamor of the day

tory of the Church, the soul of it, may be read in in which we live which reminds us that a quietly these utterances. Each leader, under the spirit spoken truth is much more convincing than the

of revelation and inspiration, has fearlessly and shouted declaration of halftruth or untruth. There

wisely met the issues of the day. Additional oris a technique peculiar to a wellknown type of indiganizations, such as the Mutual Improvement Asvidual who believes that if he shouts loud enough

sociations, have been authorized, new procedures and long enough, no matter what he says, some of it set forth, or increased emphasis has been placed on will be believed. But he who is the bearer of truth has

certain doctrines. New uses of unchanged truths no need to shout. The verity of his message carries

have been made to fit changing times. Thus, the its own conviction, and penetrates all barriers—

Church has kept step with progress; and indeed has ultimately, even the barrier of man's unwillingness

led out in the field of improvement. The steady to believe it. But he who is trying to establish that

advancement and present condition of the Church which is less than truth has no power except the are fruits of such leadership. sheer physical force of his own voice—-and the

The leadership of President Heber J. Grant conhollow echoes begotten by it.

forms to that of his predecessors. It has probed The great example of quiet and penetrating

the evils of the day, and set up safeguards against speech was the Savior of mankind. Of one mulit came them; it has pointed the way to progress, and titude to whom He spoke, it is said: "And

provided helps along the journey; it has sacredly to pass that while they were thus conversing one

preserved the fundamental truths and authority of with another, they heard a voice as if it came out the restored Gospel, yet used them for the welfare of heaven; and they cast their eyes round about

of the Church. The response, through the good-.,. and it was not a harsh voice; neither was it a

ness of the Lord, has been great. The Church has loud voice; nevertheless, and notwithstanding it

grown in every division and activity. This period being a small voice, it did pierce them that did hear

of leadership has been notable, second to none in to the center, in so much that there was no part of it did not cause to quake; yea, it did this dispensation. We who are part of it, so near their frame

to it, may not be able to evaluate it fully, but they pierce them to the very soul, and did cause their of the future will acclaim its magnitude. However, hearts to burn."(Book of Mormon, 3rd Nephi

one needs but read the published discourses of 11:3.)

President Grant, to recognize the greatness of his Because truth ultimately carries its own conservice. viction there is no point, by loud and overbearing

The approach of the eightyfifth anniversary of displays of speech, to attempt to drown out the

President Grant's birthday suggested to The Imquiet voice of that which cannot be denied. There

provement Era staff that a compilation of his essenis no point, even for an earnest crusader, to make tial teachings would be a fitting tribute to President a loud noise about his views, no matter how strongly

Grant's leadership, and an acceptable addition to he may feel them, for it is written: "And let your

Latterday Saint libraries. The compilation has preaching be the warning voice, every man to his

now been accomplished. A book of unusual merit neighbor, in mildness and in meekness."(Doctrine

and interest has resulted. Under the title Gospel and Covenants 38:41.)

Standards it covers the Gospel field as we of this If you have been blessed with a conviction of day have known it. Gospel themes are elaborated; truth, and would champion its cause, speak it

practical questions of life discussed; wise suggesquietly, and often, and on all proper occasions,

tions made; and more than forty of President tolerantly, sincerely, understandingly, and fear not

Grant's favorite, spellbinding stories are retold. for its ultimate establishment. R, L. E.

would be poor leaders if silence was enjoined upon them within any field of human interest. Indeed,

the very life of the Church is involved in this freeEvidences and discussion of man's welfare.

However, let no misconception arise. The

Church holds itself aloof from propagandists orreconciliations parties. In politics, for example, it is neither rexM. U/Ay. (Djo&a. 7lo ihsL QhwidL publican,and measuresdemocraticevery manmadenor "mugwump."policy by the Iteternal,tests

ConfcnsL 9t&sd& to SpvdhjuaLTrLatunchangingpolicy is in principlesharmony ofwiththe Gospel.these principles,If a proposedit is

to Gospel the Church, if in opposition byJbM? jk. iPuL QhuJtdL thdojUucdk? approved at unit is disapproved. The ax hews principles

'"The Church exists for the welfare of its members. truth, no matter where the chips may fall. Whether

It holds to the doctrine that "men are that they democrats wail or republicans weep is of no conmight have joy."[Therefore, whatever affects sequence. The Church is not in politics; but up

human welfare, temporally or spiritually, on earth to the shoulders in the fight for truth, which is the or in heaven, is accepted as the concern of the battle for humanity's welfare.

Church. If the teachings of the Church be examined,

This doctrine leads the Church into problems of whether of today or yesterday, and they are pubrest that they it will be found far lished and wide, social, mental, moral, physical, economic,man's it makes That Gospel. principles the of the It upon political his wellbeing, into every need.and

strives to bring about conditions that will promote safe to give and to accept them. The laws of the

general, rounded, complete welfare. It cannot look Gospel root in truth. Just as, under the law of

the houseroof from one gravitation, who jumps in of man's favor with upon lameness life—one part of the the breaking so destruction, fall to his not will unsatisfied. satisfied, It does another nature

hesitate, because of individual prejudices or the laws of the Gospel will bring inevitable punishment.

danger of making enemies, to speak frankly and Though all this be so, the principle of free agency fully about any and every phase of human life. remains. The Church may teach, but each member

the his life, in reject, or right to accept the is has corner of need one human in some cowerTo of basic law is no more There propounded. truth certainly such the Church; held in contempt and by

a church should be held in contempt. conduct in the Gospel. The Lord has formulated

each help, but offers His salvation; He plan of the best history can be underof Mormonism The salthe in winning himself act for must individual at this doctrine. attempts in of the light The stood

the United Order in Kirtland and Missouri, the vation offered. Measurably, with the aid of the

founding of wilderness universities in Nauvoo and Lord, each one of us "works out his own salvation";

Salt Lake City, the formulation of city planning and we must each face the consequences of our recognizable everywhere in Mormon settlements, disobedience to law.

the trek across the desert to the Great Salt Lake The Church cannot refrain from teaching eternal

Valley, the cooperative enterprises in the building truth, both in doctrine and in the practice of the of the intermountain West, the present L. D. S. doctrine; but it has no right nor does it attempt,

Welfare program, and innumerable other events to secure obedience by exercising compulsion upon and enterprises are but evidences of the conception it members. The severest punishment meted out to

that the Church must care for the whole man, not violators of the order of the Church is excommunimerely for a part of him. cation. But, every such person, through the judicial

In the revelations to the Prophet Joseph Smith, provisions of the Church, has a full and free hearing.

this matter is made very clear. Man is engaged Moreover, any officer of the Church, from the

in an eternal journey. Life on earth is but an highest to the least, found in default, may be

episode in everlasting life. Therefore, all things brought before the tribunals of the Church. Fair

that touch this eternal traveler belong to the plan justice, and the untrammeled will of man are dear under which he is moving forward. The distincto the heart of every Latterday Saint.

tion between things spiritual and temporal vanIn no sense can the Church be called autocratic.

ishes; they become merged, as the palm and back No one, from the President down can dictate to the

of the hand, as the warp and woof of the cloth. Church. All must be done in harmony with GosMan's physical concerns acquire a spiritual value; pel principles, and by common consent. Even

and his spiritual activities have temporal counternew revelations from the Lord are presented to parts. "Wherefore, verily I say unto you that all the people for acceptance as part of the doctrine

things unto me are spiritual, and not at any time of the Church. It is a Church of full freedom.

have I given unto you a law which was temporal... However, the Church is the watchman on the tower

for my commandments are spiritual; they are not for the people. It is its duty to preserve the Gospel

natural nor temporal, neither carnal nor sensual."in its purity, to teach it with full courage, to secure

(D. & C. 29:34, 35) This makes the Word of Gospel activity among Church members, to

Wisdom, tithing, prayer or temple work, principles strengthen the weak, to care for the common welalike of spiritual essence. In that sense, the Church fare, and necessarily to cast out such iniquity as

never departs from spiritual teachings. may have crept in among the membership.

By this doctrine, Church leaders feel themWithout the use of autocratic methods, but with selves free and under obligation to discourse on any the fearless, and unhesitating voice of truth, it will and every need of the day and of man, no matter continue, as in the past, to labor for the whole welunder what mangiven name it appears. They fare of man, "that they might have joy."—/. A. W.

MLSHlSUlSULSUUimSlSl CULfli>..OAflL0!..O.,Q.,Q.i

DOES YOUR BABY NEED HER CHILDREN'S FRIENDS By Alice A. Keen

""pxcuSE'L'Mrs. meLee.a minute,"I hear please,"the childrensaid

coming in from school."

From my seat in the living room of the oldfashioned house, I could look through to the kitchen where she was dividing fruit and cookies among her two children and the friends they had brought home with them. "Did your

mother say you might share our lunch today, Andy?"she asked one small

boy. He smiled and nodded. Then

pretty soon I saw all the children going out to play.

"Your place seems to be a playground for other people's children,"I remarked when Mrs. Lee came back to

me. "Well,"she said with utmost good nature, "I like to have my own children close at hand. Their friends like to

come here because the yard is a comfortable place for their games, and on rainy days I let them come inside."

"How do you ever stand it?"I marvelled. "From their appearance I

should think they'd upset things seriously."

Mrs. Lee laughed. "I suppose they

3 Doctors advise "transition diet"between strained foods and family )o wouldcome hereif I'dwellletenoughthem, tobutmindtheythelikerulesto of meals. Ana the House of Heinz offers 12 delicious, specialrecipe of the house. Oh, yes, I do have ceroj Junior Foods adapted to help meet the needs of active toddlers. tainthat hangsrules. onThey'rethe kitchenprintedwall."on a card

"This is such a mixed neighborhood,"

I said doubtfully. "How do you ever

out? sort the must children be There

Junior Are Foods? What speare Foods Heinz Junior undesirables."

cially dishes prepared babies. for older or many Diced

out,""I Mrs. don't Lee resort them fortified, cases, are chopped, they with in some

highly nutritive materials such as brewers yeast, plied earnestly. "As long as they obey

wheat germ, soybean flour and whey powder. All the rules, which are very simple and as

Heinz Junior Foods—backed by the same reputation plain as day, they may enjoy our home.

that supports Heinz Strained Foods—are carefully I do insist, though, on respectable lanprepared according to special recipes developed by guage and fairly good manners."

Heinz experts working with the Mellon Institute. "But aren't you afraid your children

Why Are Ordinary Adult Foods Unsuitable For Babies Just will pick up faults in grammar and a

Beyond The Strained Food Age? To be palatable to bad manner or two?"I argued.

grownups, most food is much too highly seasoned "My children have been taught the for the child. very young seasoning Too much the difference bad good and between

irritates a baby's stomach. (Heinz are Foods Junior they've of language and and manners, lightly salted—otherwise unseasoned). baby's And this character enough developed by specially should cut. food be or chopped Large

particles may cause choking or digestive upsets. time, I hope, to adopt what is really

worthwhile."

"Well,"I said, "I'll have to admit that

Heinz Junior Foods provide meat dishesyourchildren,systemand works.your homeYoumusthaveseemfinea

vegetables—desserts—all ready to heat and serve place of happiness to their friends; you

Farina Milk, with Porridge Vegetable Chicken and Wheat Germ so welcome."them make Liver Cereals with and Stew and Creamed Yeast Tomato Lamb Rice and Vegetables with her voice said Lee, Powder and Mixed Mrs. "Yes,"deep Chopped WheyMilk

Fig Dessert Apple, Date and Creamed VegeVegetables Green feeling. welthem with "I do make Carrots Spinach tables Creamed Diced Chopped Chopped

Concentrate Yeast Rice and Vegetableswith

Yeast Pineapple with Onions and Rice Pudding Creamed PruneDicedPudding.Potatoes come;experiencefor, oh,thatI remembercame to meso wellin myan

childhood. There was one very hard

JUNIOR yearther hadwhenlostI washis healtha little andgirl. thenMy hadfalost his teaching position, and we were FOODS very, very poor. We moved to an old

I These Two Seals Mean Protection for Baby r x* house near the railroad track in what was considered a very undesirable part 07TC

SO EXCITED—

Homing I can hardly chew!

of the town. It was the best we could

afford. "I had made a friend at school. She

was delightful. I never would have

known she was a child of wealth if I had not gone home with her one day.

Her mother looked me over, asked where I lived, and then told me to go away. She did not want me coming

to her house.

"Barbara was terribly ashamed of her mother, but she handled the affair like a little thoroughbred. She explained who my father was and spoke

of his illness. Her mother then apologized and allowed our friendship to

continue, but I have never forgotten the Elsie is, of course, typical of all cows who produce bitter pain that my childheart sufmilk for Borden's. She's healthy, happy—and can day."fered that she produce!

out to myself, "but I thought "Yes,"Well, taste you should the milk she gives—the underthat painful experienceof came milk evaporated Borden's by with and irradiated

standing and wisdom that have brought sunshine Vitamin D.

much happiness to many children."Such flavor, smoothness, richness sealed in those

Borden's St. Charles milk cans. Buy several, today

jtpohs'Comer IF IT'S BORDEN'S, IT'S GOT TO BE GOOD jOz By Barbara Badger Burnett Creamed Tuna in Eclairs Get Those 3 Pottery Bowls!

1 cup boiling water

... butter cup For Yz cereals of host and a other uses

salt teaspoon Yk yellow, a cheery canary inches high inches 1 2Vs flour They're sifted cup and 5% 4 eggs across and made of the finest pottery. Every housewife will find

Add the butter and salt to the water. many uses for them. You'll surely want three to start with, espeBring to the boiling point and add the flour cially when it's so easy to get them at less than half what you'd

all at once, stirring vigorously. Cook until expect to pay.

mixture forms a dough. Cooi and add the

time. after vigorously at a one Beat eggs

egg. spoonfuls adding each by Drop on Send these 2 BOX TOPS and

lightly greased sheet. Bake in hot oven

to grocer. your of Go Get for cool degrees) 45 minutes. a box {400 When

the a piece the cut top diamond shaped bluing, from POLKA DOT. modern f|I a and )f* J

fill V- one. each of and the crumb Remove SIZE of box REGULAR PAR SOAP. Send

tuna. the with top Replace and creamed of the us tops these boxes, with 50c bowls and (three

garnish with ripe olives and parsley. of gleaming California table pottery will be sent you

is the bluing modern use you Creamed Tuna in Mushroom Sauce withpost paid.soap...POLKAin the DOTwasher... while or tub wash. you

2 tablespoons butter Cuts washing time and is mighty economical, too. Try

3 tablespoons flour POLKA DOT next time, with PAR. Enjoy a better,

1 can cream of mushroom soup easier washing. And, for the pottery, send 50c and

2 cups tuna the two box tops to—

2 pimentos chopped fine PAR SOAP COMPANY. 767 - 85th Ave., Oakland. Calif.

Melt the butter, add the flour. Add the

soup gradually. Cook until thick and add

the tuna and pimento.

Meet this Team of Health Builders Baked Spaghetti With Ketchup Sauce

Cook Yi package spaghetti in boiling Good Milk or Cream and salted water until tender. Drain.

Melt 2 tablespoons butter and add 2 tablespoons flour, add Yi teaspoon salt, dash Original 1 grated pepper, teaspoon onion, and Yz Mcdonald's stirring until constantly Cook, cup milk.

thickened. slowly, well mixing Add

this ketchup. the sauce cup with Mix % mm.ORIGINAL in spaghetti. the casserole, Put a cover top with link sausages and bake at 400 don't boil cocoa

10c Cocoa. degrees until sausages are done.

Sweet Cake. They'reday, if you'dthe vitaminrichbe as strongfoodsandyouattractiveneed everyas a

Dressing Minced Clam football herol /or Turkey Ground O

! Chocolate. 1 clams can minced THE—Baking 1 tablespoon onion chopped COCOAr<IN Lit III c Chocolate.

1 butter tablespoon OF HOUSE1481 So. MSalt DONALDLake Main City, Utah soft cups bread crumbs 2

(Continued on page 676) 'Put in, (pknty, o m Homing 'MILK WHITE'Minced {ContinuedClam DressingfromforpageTurkey675} (Cont.)

1 tablespoon chopped parsley )A teaspoon salt 14 teaspoon pepper Milk are concenthe eggs White... rich Use enough of the clam juice to thortrated food that you need

in protein crammed the crumbs. bread Add oughly soak up..B,. D,justE, A, vitamins and G.with.. melted parsley, onion, clams, the minced of one your and most abundant

salt, thoroughly pepper. butter, Mix and of calcium, sources phosphorus,

magnesium, iron, sulphur, and soand stuff the turkey with this mixture.

dium.

Specify "Milk White"eggs Cranberry Shortcake your guarantee of quality. 2 cups prepared biscuit flour

2 tablespoons butter Utah Poultry Producers 1 tablespoonMilk to makesugara soft dough 2 cups cranberries 1 cup water sugar cups Cooperative Ass n \y2 soda teaspoon 34

Put the water on the cranberries and bring to the boiling point. Add the soda,

add the sugar and simmer slowly until the berry mixture is thick enough to jell. Cool.

Add the sugar to the flour and cut in the butter. Add enough milk to make a

soft dough. Knead a few seconds. Divide

the dough in half. Roll out and bake in

two round layer cake pans. Put together

with the cranberries and serve with whipped cream. HOT Raisin Chocolate Kisses

2 squares unsweetened chocolate \\A cups sweetened condensed milk BISCUITS \y2 cups seedless raisins

Melt the chocolate in top of double boiler.

Add the milk and stir for 5 minutes until mixture thickens. Remove from the heat.

Add the raisins. Drop by small spoonfuls

on buttered pan. Chill several hours.

(Handy, ddniL.

Payment for Handy Hints used will be

Every day's a holiday when you onethat dollartwo withuponthepublication.same idea areIn submitted,the event

serve delicious hot biscuits made the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned, the quick, easy way—with Globe but each will receive careful consideration.

"Al"Complete Biscuit Flour! "Al"

biscuits add a festive touch to any Soak new brooms in strong, hot salt meal. Keep a package of Globe bristleswaterandbeforethe broomusing; willthis lasttoughenslonger.—the

"Al"Biscuit Flour always handy. Mrs.L. C. O,, Roy, Utah.

ANmadeinexpensivefrom a tightmothproofsoft woodchestboxcanwhichbe is painted once a year with oil of cedar.

the moths will keep cedar GLOBE "Al"Thisas a regular chest will.—Mrs.from enteringH. justH.,

flucuit Detroit, Michigan. FLOUR Cheese makes an excellent garnish when For biscuits with the homemade taste run through the food grinder. Use the

medium sized knife and fairly moist cheese.

It will come out in long crimped ribbons which other frills.—Mrs.can be easilyD.formedD., Oklahomainto roseatesCity,orIN USE For OVER HFTY YEARS PRINTING(With this ad)SPECIAL!

Oklahoma. $2.50 simple Handbills, 6x9 of Canker, in treatmentAids "3.50 5001M minor blues"throat "vacation and othersore "8.50 have who mouth 5M Children

Tickets, prices Programs and other on Special list of willingly, irritations. if a more throat will workand for Organizations. printing Church

is thumband prepared duties the day's written or wall, a blackon the tacked onto PRESS HOVEY each time of the estimate an with Lake—Phone 3-0276 board, 25 East North Temple—SaltHall's Canker Remedy take. should task Lake City, Utah So. at Salt536 East 2nd off job erase is It or each check fun to

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 19 41

Handy Hints TRAVELER'S MOTOR LODGE of work as it is done, and a real thrill if it 1481 SOUTH STATE less in has accomplished time been than SALT LAKE'S OUTSTANDING COURT MOTOR and Strictly New Modern allotted was Tohatchi, for it—Mrs. H. T J. Air in Conditioned Summer Mexico. New Automatically in Heated Winter

"Cor party cup cakes roll them in melted Beautifullyand ColoredFurnishedTile Showers,With CarpetedRadios FreeFloors * chocolate, then dip in finely ground BETTER THAN THE BEST HOTELS—FOR LESS

walnuts, or spread thinly on the tops and sides of the cup cakes your favorite jelly and roll in toasted cocoanut, or spread with >"3&fo oU icing and make eyes, nose, and mouth with bits of marshmallows, gumdrops, etc.

Mrs. E. H., Hinckley, Utah.

"Defore using milk for custard, heat it, *-* then let it cool. Custard will not be

watery.—Mrs. K. G. A., Salt Lake Citu,

Utah.

tie curtains that hanging back, When Christmas iift to the the shade draw desired height where you wish to place the ties. There

tied evenly N. C, Glendale, Utah. SuggMtiom.. -DELICIOUSwill then be no trouble in getting both sides

PIMENTO ONE: A subscription to the IMPROVEERA to your MENT friends at home and CHEDDAR AGED

to your young men away. LUNCH By Albert L. Zobell, Jr. DUTCH

This twelvetimes a year reminder was called J. Grant to will help keep them close to home and

thirtythird *"T Teberbe the Apostle ties. Church

of this dispensation, the tenth to become the President of the TWO: A copy of GOSPEL STANDARDS.

Council of the Twelve, and the The new book of the essential teachseventh President of the Church.

He was the first Apostle to be ings of President Heber J. Grant, which,

along with Brigham Young's Discourses, west. Mountain in the Rocky Retailer's ICE BOX born

F. Smith's Gospel Doctrine, sustained, and Heber When J. Joseph

3KC yac:xk Grant was less than twentysix, other vital Church works, should find

while the of the eleven other its place age in every library. (See Editorithe of al,x H members averaged quorum page 672)

You Can't fiftysix.He filled the vacancy left by the

Always Plan deathviving ofmemberOrsonof Pratt,the Councillast suror- ganized by Joseph Smith in 1835.

in the a counselor WHENEVER THE ImMutual the Future by firstHe Younghad beenMen's

OCCASION CALLS the Past provementChurch organizedAssociationin 1875 inin thethe

Thirteenth Ward of Salt Lake FOR SOMETHING

City. haven't Just because you During his career as Church SPECIAL fire is reason no had a

selected President, nine he has won't. Don't you why IT'S TIME FOR

set six of Apostles, apart members the future the judge by the the of Seventy, First Council past. two Presiding Bishops, and has

Fire is a constant menhad four first counselors and five ace and may visit you any second counselors.

xX day. The average term of office for DELICIOUS

is President of the Church Insure tothe property your CANDIES slightly years. sixteen less than protected and day be

President Grant has now served against loss.

years. twentythree

Better get your policy He succeeded Elder Francis M.

while you can. Lyman to the presidency of the

Tooele Stake, and succeeded him

Utah Home Fire alsoof theas Twelve.President of the Quorum

Insurance Co. Both President Francis M. Lyman and President Joseph F.

Heber J. Grant & Co. Smith were buried on President

22. birthday, Grant's November GENERAL AGENTS Glade's It's Good"it,7/ It's in the latter in 1916, former The Salt Lake City, Utah "SOLD BY AND RECOMMENDED 1918.

ALL THE BETTER DEALERS."

5xx:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

When Brigham Young Watched a Waltz [Concluded from page 654) eighty odd dollars and handed him the list and the money. No other

amount. the town, and We scooped

round dances. we had four The Sccasl J>.Q.U.citatwfUu, ward got much more than half that

fourth round dance was a waltz quadrille. I said, "I am going to sit

by the President and see what he says."(phsi&LcUwL $Aant I said to the leader of the band:

"Now when you get through with the waltz quadrille, stop playing."

President Young said: "They

are waltzing."

I said, "No, they are not waltzing;

a citizen serving many of the comwhen they waltz they waltz all &S around the room; this is a quadrille."

He tunijed to me and laughed munities which have prospered as a reand said; "Oh, you boys, you boys."

sult of the progressiveness and foresight The Young Lawyer ( Continued from page 662 of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday His client felt, for the first time, a thrill of hope. This giant of a man

inspired confidence. Therefore, he Saints, we offer our sincere felicitations shook Webster's hand warmly, and

sitting down again, wrote out a check to the leader... President Heber J. Grant, ingfor fivefee. thousand dollars as a retainAfter he had left, Webster

on the 85th anniversary of his birth. asearchedlittle parcelamongof hisnotes,fileswhich,and foundlong

before, he had scrawled upon paper that was now yellow with age. An

hour or two was enough for him to refresh his memory and adapt his arguments in the blacksmith's case

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. remarkableto that of thememoryrailroadbroughtcompany.backHisto

him the decisions and the precedents upon which he had built his former appeal.

On the appointed day, he appeared before the highest court of state, as calm as a summer morn- >o<—>o? ing.the counsel opposing presented The fl CRREER IN BERUTV >o< their arguments which, anwhen

at all, since Offers you + Good Pay alyzed,they werewerenotnogroundedclaims upon

Security Opportunity history nor important precedents.legal

Join the ranks of alert When they had finished, Webster making who are women big viefcrtove arose. Like a Cyclops at play, he pay QUISH TRAINING

in this pleasant, dividends reduced their pleas to pulp. Then

profitable profession. Mail

coupon today for FREE, he set forth his client's case, fortiillustrated catalog. fied by knowledge and research, and

argued with the precision and lucidity which made him unequaled at the

SALT LAKE American bar. Without leaving

<io< >o<i/ their seats, the judges were unanimously convinced; and when, a litFor Christmas—send the ERA tle later, they handed down a written

Salt Lake City, Utah to your friends, and to your opinion, it amounted practically to sons away from home. {Concluded on page 681

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

A Tribute to Our Leader

President Heber J. Grant... on your Your life is an inspiring example of

eightyfifth birthday we, the emwhat can be achieved by adherence ployees of ZCMI, wish to pay tribute to these basic principles of life...

to you... to the sterling qualities of honesty, determination and hard work

your character and to your devotion Under your wise leadership, ZCMI has to the cause of truth and right. developed into one of America's most

Your enthusiasm, generosity, friendmodern and beautiful stores. Our

liness and tolerant understanding desires are for your continued leaderhave been constant influences in ship, and our sincere wishes are that building the friendly spirit and good the coming years will be an increasing will that exist in this great institution. source of joy and happiness to you.

Zion's Cooperative Mercantile Institution

OFFICERS DIRECTORS Heber J. Grant president Heber J. grant Orval W. Adams J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

R. W. MADSEN. V1CEPRES. & GEN. MGR. EDGAR S. HILLS HENRY H. BLOOD A. H. WOOLLEY

J. Reuben Clark, Jr.. vicepresident Stephen i Richards Sylvester Q. Cannon H. a. Snow

H. H. BENNETT SEC.-TREAS. & ASST. GEN. MGR. WM, H. MClNTYRE RICHARD W. MADSEN S. B. EGGERTSEN

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

finny * * m

TO THE COURAGEOUS FOUNDERS OF THE UTAH SUGAR

INDUSTRY AND TO THEIR INSPIRING SUCCESSORS

EN of faith, vision, courage, and portant push to the wheels of the new surpassing intelligence... these sugar industry. Mwere the men who initiated the Utah President Grant is the only one resugar industry and carried it on to a maining of our early officials, and the

successful enterprise despite discouronly one who has been importantly aging, neardefeating obstacles. Many connected with the company for the

times when setbacks almost forced full fifty years of its existence. In

the abandonment of the sugar enterhis eightyfifth year he is still the prise, these men stood firm in their head to whom we look for guidance.

faith, bridging discouragement and

Imagination, fortitude, cooperafailure until new successes gave the by industry new stimuli. tion, and honest toil—inspired

The strong chain of leadership in our leaders and contributed by every our company has no weak links. Each member of our organization—is the

leader of the organization from Wilsuccess story of Utah sugar. To

ford Woodruff, its inspiring supportPresident Grant and the other courer and Elias Morris, its first presiageous men who envisioned and built dent, down to Heber J. Grant, our a great industry, transforming dreams

present head, has set his shoulder to economic realities, we pay our solidly to the task and given his imhumble tribute of honor.

UlflHID b i conipflny

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

The Young Lawyer

(Concluded page 678) from IS ofa restatement Webster's own "NOW UNCLE DAN plea. ft The railroad president was in rapNOTHING BUT A LAMB

tures over this sweeping victory, first the I. "Imagine time embarrassment my certain almostwhere been he had

sat Uncle at our like a table. Recoiling Dan down tenof defeat. a check for He sent bear, 'Bilgewater! wounded he roared, up Warmed

thousand dollars to the attorney, bilgewater! I tell you, Muriel, it's time you learned

with a letter of effusive thanks for to make good soup—good, substantial soup that

himself and from the directors of a man can taste'.

the company.

But, as Daniel Webster pocketed the check, he smiled rather grimly to himself, and said pensively:

"I have now received the blacksmith's fee—with compound interest."

. m My Days in Schoo ( Continued from page 665 quiet. Oscar Young was the monitor. There was a boy there whom

we called "Little Pill."His father

was a homeopathic doctor. As I

was going in for a lesson one day,

I saw him with a slate pencil and sponge. They had a vessel on top

of the stove that had moisture in it.

He squeezed some hot water on my seat for me to sit in. I saw him doing

it and jumped back, and then sat down and straddled the water. Then

I took my sponge and soaked up the water that was on my seat and rushed over to his seat and put it there. As I did it, he called

Oscar Young's attention to what I was doing. Oscar said to me: "Mop

that water up; mop it up!"2* "My poor husband was all upset. Don- 3* "What a surprise! 'If you won't tell

"Hold on,"I said; "he put it on ald had counted so much on Uncle Dan to your uncle,'she whispered, 'I mostly serve

my seat first and I brought it back help us get a start. And now a beautiful reRancho vegetable soup. It's brimming with

to him."lationship was going up in smoke, all on good, solid vegetables, and it tastes so homeOscar turned to him and said: account of my soup. So after dinner I asked made that Daniel hasn't caught on yet. One

"Did you put that water on his seat Aunt Hattie how to save the day—next time, taste will tell you that Rancho soups are simfirst? You are a scrub to complain I mean."mered for hours to bring out the flavor'."

on him; you mop it up,"and he

picked him up, sat him on the benchand he rubbed it up. RANCHO

After that, four or five of us decided to send him home sick. Wehad read somewhere that if you tell SOUPS

a person long enough that he is sick favoriteMade fromold Westerntop qualityrecipes.WesternAll amazinglyproduce, lowpriced.blended t

it will make him sick. So, for four

or five days we said: "Why don't PACKED

you go home? Look in the lookingUNDER CONTINUOUS

glass, you are sick,"and he did go INSPECTIONAGRICULTURALOF THE home sick. I 'MARKETINGQFTHEU.S.DEPT.OFSERVICE

Finally Dr. Park was called on a AGRICULTURE

mission, but his health failed him, or 4. "Next time we got off to a flying start

he didn't feel that he could preach with Rancho. And Uncle Dan was a perfect Rancho ChickenGumbo

the Gospel, so he came back and was lamb, all the way from soup to nuts. 'A Vegetable

installed again in the University. wonderful dinner, my dear,'he said. 'Donald's Tomato

the In the meantime Cook wife.'was a wonderful himself And it sisters got that SOUPS ChickenNoodle of the Univerwere managers made the became new that Donald evening very Pea

sity; to business! over HapMiss Ida came partner in Uncle Dan's the junior

I discovered Soup!"Council Rancho and Miss House Mary LI OFT*tUJ.DfPlO*WHmMSWH*icwruuiMilium i JI AsparagusMushroom py day—when

{ Concluded on page 682

<& My Days in School 681 Si stayed {Concludedat the SocialfromHall.page They had

* *. an examination and those with cer-

.... tain marks were to be promoted to

the University, and those who failed ivV WW!

smitCFHsrs.'v / 'P. thefromSocialthe UniversityHall, whichwerewastopartgo ofto

the University then, and Heber

Grant went up to the University.

Miss Ida expelled me from school because I hit Hebe Wells in the back before school started. She told me

to go and take my seat. I said:

"School is not opened yet, Miss Ida,

In times like these and I will come in at nine o'clock."

keep your family seatSheor said:go home.""You go and take that

I said: "I will go home."WELL FED! Then she said: "I expel you from

Stop the skimpy breakfast school,"and Miss Ida, of course, habit! Start the day with an hadn't understood the situation.

in which a piece was studying Hebe a blow, energybuilding breakfast of there a sentence: was "A

digestible, nutritious Globe blow, a bloody blow,"and he came "Al"Pancakes. So easy-—up and hit me in the back, and made

just add water to readythat expression. I waited until he

I went up and hit him mixed GLOBE "Al"sat down and

PANCAKE FLOUR! inhisthebrother,"back andandsaid:just "Hisas I brother,hit him,

P-21 Miss Cook saw me. Mother called

'AJ"Pancakes are hearty.... not heavy and told her I was brokenhearted,

and she sent for me to come back.

Mother cried and felt so bad when

I told her I was expelled that I promised her I never would be expelled again, that I would make an apology that was asked for, and I would go back and behave myself very well.

For three or four months I never whispered once, and then one day

Miss Ida kept the whole school in for whispering and told us to study.

I was so mad to be kept in when I hadn't whispered at all that I didn't study; I just sat there. She saw me

sitting there. Finally some of the

boys lifted their hands and asked to go out, and she let first one and then another go. Finally, I lifted my

hand. She said: "You keep your

seat."is better.. nothing than ROYAL out, so I said: others "If can go

You'll like ENRICHED. BREAD. met I."I got its can and up to go we flasubstantial, natural good, bread

vor. The added vitamins and iron give at the top of the stairs. She grabbed

it extra nutritive value. me by the collar, and I stepped two

Fresh every day at your grocer's or three steps down, she still holding

ROYAL BAKING CO., Salt Lake and Ogden on to my collar. I lifted my feet;

100% Homeowned—100% American I knew she couldn't hold my weight.

Then she moved to go around me and I made a bound and lit on the

lit let never she top go on and of me I.. O.Sof is musical foundation a AN.the training.. P.Piano OFfER grip. then her WE bottom of the first platform, and she of Just Cook Mary of center enfurnishes the home education and COMPLETE A write for or demonstration Call tertainment. in said: from "Expel him and came SERVICE ENGRAVING for catalogues.

to Portraits Largest the Missionary From school."Spinets $295 from up New Catalogues

from $545 Grands up New I crying Mail Orders Attention Prompt begged and Given commenced if to desired 30 months pay UTAH ENGRAVING CO. her pardon and remembered mother,

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah CO. MUSIC DAYNES so they didn't expel me, and I went

47 So. Salt Main St. Lake City

back upstairs.

IllGlchizedetTPriGsthood

BY FIELDING PRIESTHOODCONDUCTED THE MELCHIZEDEK COMMITTEE SMITH, COUNCIL OF THE OF THE TWELVE—JOSEPH

B. A. CALLIS, Q. F. MERRILL, SYLVESTER CHAIRMAN; LEE CHARLES A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH CANNON, AND HAROLD JOHN

THE PRIESTHOOD COURSE OF STUDY FOR 1942

A ll students of the Scriptures express regret that out preserved, for he realized the great necessity of keeping ** of the abundance of the teaching by the Savior written records in which counsel and instruction should when on the earth, so little has been preserved. John be preserved for the benefit of the people.

declares that the teachings and acts of our Savior were Until quite recently, however, these teachings of the so voluminous that "if they should be written, every Prophet Joseph Smith could only be found scattered one, I suppose that even the world itself could not conthrough the volumes of the history of the Church.

tain the books that should be written."Yet, out of this Today those teachings have been compiled in one volgreat abundance practically all that we have is recorded ume and are available to all members of the Church and

in the four Gospels, containing but a few pages which for the use of the Priesthood quorums.

a person can read in a very brief period of time.

four standard works, the important Next to the most teachings this is equally extent true of the some To that are the teachings have as a Church we acts of ministry instructions the Prophet and His Joseph Smith.

this it fact, of the Realizing Smith. Prophet Joseph early in his cut short began when he was a was boy and

that decided for the Priestcourse of the study in brief the was years, those to During manhood. he gave

for this quorums, the 1942, hood book, year Teachings teaching. Fortunately of abundance Church an have we

text. the should Prophet the Smith, be Joseph Outof revelations the of received recorded which he and many

lines prepared lessons. have covering forty been These price to are those of the without the Church, members

will outlines in published the the during coming be Era or, Scriptures, in the other words, and constitute our in time use. text, for will ample months however, The this disdirectly in given the to Church commandments

pensation. It may truthfully be said of Joseph Smith, if be the book, itself, and surely in each home a copy

we had all that he taught the people, it would fill many of the Prophet's teachings should be found.

volumes. Fortunatey, much that he taught has been The lessons will cover the subjects listed below

wTEACHINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH"-LESSONS FOR 1942 1. Apostasy 15. Chastity and Virtuous Living 28. The Gathering of Israel

2. Restoration of All Things 16. Woman's Place in the Church 29. Saints in the Rocky Mountains

3. Divine Authority 17. Man's Relationship to God 30. The Purpose of Temples

4. The Book of Mormon 18. The Resurrection 31. Record Keeping for the Living

5. The Bible 19. Translated Beings 32. Record Keeping for the Dead

6. 20. Organization Three Kingdoms Church The 33. Mission and Authority The of Adam

7. 21. Faith Devil Personal A 34. Divine the Universe Law Governing 8. 22. Transgression Cain's Repentance and Sons of Per-

9. Baptism and the Gift of the Holy Ghost dition 35. Constitution of the United States

10. Salvation for the Living 23. Reincarnation and Other False Doc36. The Kingdom of God

11. Salvation for the Dead trines 37. Man and the Animal Kingdom

12. Salvation and Exaltation for Little 24. Education and Intelligence 38. The Governments of Men Children 25. Revelation

13. Missions of Elias, Elijah and Messiah 26. The Two Comforters 39. The End of the World

14. Marriage and Exaltation 27. Missionary Work and Missionaries 40. The Millennial Reign

Note: Complete Lesson Outlines for January will appear in the December "Era/*

INSTRUCTIONS IN RELATION TO THE USE OF THE NEW PRIESTHOOD ORDINATION FORMS

Tn August of the present year, a new Recommendation from Aaronic of the First Council of Seventy will also* form of recommendation for ordinato Melchizedek Priesthood be obtained as in the past in addition to the regulartion in the Priesthood requirements of the Melchizedek was Recommendations for advancement recommendation form.issued with the approval and at the from the Aaronic Priesthood to the

Firstsuggestion the of Presidency. will, Priesthood, Melchizedek of necesto Office Recommendations the

is to supersede forms other formThis sity, originate with bishoprics the of Priest of High use. previously inwhich have been it the wards. convenican as soon As

for twentyfirst the Elders Recommendations the of or Sevday sameOn ently of be prepared proper a form enties will First Priests letter the sent also Presidency High to become amonth for this will recommendation purpose be of instructions to all stake presidencies placed in the hands of the bishoprics originate with the president of the declaring the reason for this new form throughout the Church. stake, not with the bishops.

and asking that it be strictly complied These recommendation blanks should with in recommending men for ordinaRecommendations tion. to the Office beof thekeptpresidencyby the stakeof theclerk,stake.in theBlanksoffice of a Seventy

Since that time numerous questions should not be torn from the books and have been received asking for further Recommendations for ordination given to bishops to fill in for recominstruction in relation to the proper profrom the office of Elder to Seventy will mendations.

cedure in recommending and ordaining not originate with the bishop of the candidates for the several offices in the ward, but with the president of the The Duty of the Stake Presidency

Melchizedek Priesthood. It is, therestake, since the stake president preIt is the duty of the president of the

fore, necessary to make the following sides over the Melchizedek Priesthood stake, or a counselor in the stake presiexplanations in the ward. The usual endorsement (Concluded on page 684)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

Melchizedek Priesthood theremovedsheet andwithreplacedits namesby anda newdatarollis 2yearbillionat thegallonsrate ofof 5alcoholicmillion gallonsdrink perof

Instructions on Use of New sheet.started Theout onpieceanotherof literaturecircuit. is Thisthen intoxicantscontent witheverythis enormous24 hours. tradeBut notthe

Priesthood Ordination Forms process is continued until the piece is liquor magazines boldly announce their (Concluded from page 683) worn out, when it is replaced by a new objective is to make steady customers one. first at the possible of our boys momentdency, to interview each candidate for

front. at the the Listen to this from This method of campaigning was deordination, separately, and have the

the veloped stake chairman, by opElmer Brewers'Digest Magazine: "The fillcandidate in the questions the upon

F. Taylor, stake inpresident. formerly to the portunity brewing presented sign hisback as provided. and name

It effective it is is economical is an and superthat dustry so obviousIf the are answers unfavorable, then

... is literature method. piece detail. of into same The fluous to Here gothe matter further the need than go no

serves readers without cultivate waste; for to many chance brewers a a tastepresident of the stake and the candifurther, a record of the readers is obfor millions beer in of young who men ordination.date will be denied If the

answers on the back of the recomtained. It is especially adapted to quowill eventually constitute the largest

mendation are all favorable, then it will rum use. beerconsuming section in our populaearnestly the most tion."recommend Webe for the necessary of president the

all sinstakes to other is battle method beer to and the ban Hence on obtain the tostake of the endorsement it cerely will adopted. sale hope be the canteens, The from ban army andbishop the of to the candiwhich ward

will to General pleased be Committee associated of alcoholic beverages and belongsdate also and the endorsement roll all of samples send the to vicincampaign vicious conditions near the from his this president. After quorumof

for ask workers training ity of every camp. who Federal To willthe the presented to be name High

I. 2. in Project Salt of the A. into that these secure M.it. bans were made for it is approvalCouncil prebefore

sented to the Priesthood meeting or the Lake City. The Special Interest laws in 1917 two bills are pending in

in the House andconference of the stake. The Lord has Groupsof the Mutualof the SaltImprovementLake CityAssociaStakes Congress,S-860 in theH Senate.R-4000said:

tions have taken as a special project The 1917 provisions of law were is office to person to ordained be any No the the of persuading managers in the statute work off the books wiped wake in this is there Church, regularly a where eating the of of Salt houses City Lake in of 1935. 1933 Repeal and two The

the oforganized branch the same, without to their in restaurants provide bills a space Congressional the remain on named It thevote of interChurch. has been

cities for large of nonsmokers. calendar should immediately Many be andpreted that the a the Priesthood of vote of

stake answers this requirement as well as the country have such places and we passed in order to restore the conditions the vote of the conference of the stake. feel that here, where the Latterday of the 1917 law. Until this is done the

their there headquarters, Saints have will continue, intolerable conditions

It carefully should this that be noted for places should the provided be crying for comaloud remedy.

for in"recommendation ordination the fort to of those not and smoke do This: who do? Write can you What

isPriesthood,"not orcertificate a of is obnoxious. the tobacco smoke RepresentaSenators your whom and your

certificatedination. ordination of A sugproject should This a petitions, circulate worthy be tives in Congress,

will issued signed presithe be and by I. cities. in gestion other to the rising A. tide of the public help swell M. and thedent secretary the of and quorum entitled to certainly are bills, Nonsmokers the that and R-4000 demand Hinto will after the candidate which go air in free eat poisonous meals from into law. S-860, immediately be madeordination. In the case the ordinaof smoke. It are dangerDelays And Now. Dotion Seventies, certificates ordinaof of 3. Salt Committee Lake County The stake ous. Let every and ward comtion will issued be the office from of Enforcement, Observance initiate and on the mitteeman Law among movementthe First the Council Seventy, as of the able active chairmanunder and his people. hear Congress Let from

heretofore. ship of Brother Frank Mozley is "hot the people on this matter.

on the job."The laws illegalizing

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO cigarettetobacco andvendingliquormachines,advertising,typeslocaof President Grant

COLUMN tionschools,of liquorsmokingandby beerminorsstoresin publicnear In Sculpture places, etc., etc., are now, due to the

IT CAN BE DONE activity of this committee, being ob- (Concluded from page 668) 'TPhat resourcefulness, work, and served as never before. The comin France and Italy, as well as in

prayer, when united, can find mittee is making the public conscious America. He was awarded degrees

plenty to do in our churchwide Noof the existence of these laws and is from Yale University, the University

LiquorTobacco campaign is indicated securing their enforcement. of Washington, Seattle, and recommittees in other Utah Will similarby the three illustrations herewith ceived his at the UniPh. D. in 1 936

please counties take notice?given versity scholSeveral of Michigan.

( located Stake Young 1. From arships fellowships been have and BE in LET ACTION THEREnorthern southMexico and New including him, GuggenBusiness Reawarded American Men'swestern npHE that Colorado) learn an we grants. Carnegie heim and iseffective recently pubfor in A search Foundation operation method

getting people, both young and old, to lished a booklet written by Fred D. L. At the present time Professor

read the pamphlets and folders sent Squires giving a brief appraisal of the Fairbanks is chairman of the Fine to the field by the General Committee. alcohol problem in the light of current Arts section, Michigan Academy;

It is a type of chain method. Receivevents. From this booklet we learn chairman of the Michigan Chapter,

ing a piece of literature, the reader unthat the liquor trade is diverting nearly American Artists Professional dertakes to read and study it as soon four billion dollars a year from the naLeague and President of the Washas feasible, and indicate this fact by tion's retail business in the necessities tenaw Chapter of the Sons of the luxuries. lifesigning to the roll Since of data and wholesome and his name Revolution of Michigan. American

for there paid out is attached has Repeal, adhesive beensheet which by bust of Final disposition of the coffers intotransparent leaves of liquor the trade tape the a between two of the folder. The signer then passes gross total of nearly 24 billion dollars. President Grant has not yet been

the piece on to a friend who repeats. Through more than 410,000 retail determined, but it is now being cast

When the sheet is full of names the liquor outlets the liquor trade is pourin plaster from which it may be repiece is returned to its source where ing into its millions of victims nearly produced in bronze or marble.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

c. The services

Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, December, 1941 2.1. ShouldShould bebe expressivebrief of hope

Text: Priesthood and Church Government. d. Dedication of grave

1. May be done by any suitable

person LESSON LXX II. The Sacrament 2. Suggested prayer (see text, p

Ordinances and Ceremonies a. Purpose of frequent partaking of 378)

(Read chapter 29, pp. 366370) Sacrament (See Supplementary IV. Dedications

I. The meaning of ordinances Readings Nos. 2, 3) a. Homes

a. Earthly symbol of spiritual reality 1. Keep alive memory of redemp- 1 As witness of willingness of fam-

b. Covenant with the Lord tion of Savior ily to serve Lord

II. Need of ordinances 2. Renew covenants made at time 2. For protection

a. Means of achieving desired blessof baptism b. Meetinghouses: universally dediings b. Administration of Sacrament cated after paid for

b. Sign of compliance, agreement, alle- 1. Under supervision of presiding

giance authorities Problems and projects:

c. Vital to an organization built on 2. Priests and members of Melchiz- 1. Why is it desirable to dedicate one's

system and order edek Priesthood may offer home? What should characterize a dediIII. Sanctity of ordinances prayer catory prayer?

a. Performed by authority of Priest- c. Children and baptized members may 2. Call for testimonies concerning the

hood partake efficacy of fasting and prayer. Make it a

b. Enhanced by simplicity rather than III. Consecration of oil quorum project to attend fast meeting, notform a. For use in administering to sick ing its particular contribution to spirituality

c. Spirit more important than the b. The prayer: no set form in the ward.

letter c. Guiding principle: faith, not the 3. Contrast the desirability of the temple

1. Set forms few oil, saves marriage ceremony with the civil marriage

2. Guiding principles: simplicity, IV. Administering to the sick ceremony.

directness, appropriateness, prop- a. Warranted by scripture (Doc. & 4. Why may L. D. S. funerals be uplifter authority Cov. 42:4344, 107:67; James 5: ing, expressive of hope?

d. Temples fit sanctuary for perform14, 15)

ance of complete Priesthood ordi- b. Procedure (See Supplementary

nance Readings No. 4)

IV. Baptism 1. Anointing Supplementary Readings

a. Who may be baptized (Doc. 6 Cov. 2. Sealing the anointing

20:37) c. Oil not to be given internally

precomply with 1. Those who projects: Problems and

faith, rerequisite conditions: our 1. Defend weekly use of the Sacrainfinitely1. The rich;possessorthose whoof thereceiveHolyit Ghostand loseis

pentance, obedience to Gospel ment. What scriptural justification is there? it are of all men the poorest. But there are

2. eight years with parat Children logical? Sacrament Learn the What possession. of its degrees various Many

ents'consent prayers. in its obtain but measurably it walk who

3. of on consent Married women followed the procedure to be 2. Review light. its there are But a few by who live

husbands its light grows To them b. Who joys, may baptize: one properly ingiveperformingas many anbrethrenadministration.as possibleSeek theto whisperings.brighter every.. day.. are For them

authorized and appointed opportunity to visit a nearby hospital to anticipations, and glorious hopes that thrill c. The prayer: exact words revealed comfort and administer to the sick. no other bosoms, sweet experiences that

d. Dedication of baptismal water un- 3. In what way is the blessing of children earthly pleasures cannot bring, and a spirnecessary essentially a father's blessing? itual growth towards the stature of Christ

e. Rebaptism 4. Trace the Gospel ordinances as they Jesus that eternity only will fully unfold to

baptism for forgive- 1. Repeated life. Disthe individual through accompany Chas. W. Penrose, general view.—Elder ness not sanctioned to in relation their appropriateness cuss 1881. the Millennial Star, Jan. 3,

2. distinct of rebapordinance in they particular period which come: No age 2. of take the ourselves upon name We tism children, confirmation, baptism, blessing Christ, cherish the of and His we memory Confirmation V. setting apart, ordinations, temPriesthood the atonement, keep and commandments we the a. (See of promise Ghost Holy For healing. marriage, ple endowments, given, "that always has have may we He Readings Supplementary No.

to Spirit us."Spirit with His be His By LXXII of b. confirmation Church LESSON mem-1 For

all led truth are into from kept and we (cone.) Ceremonies and Ordinances bership

sin, finally falling into sanctified. are and 375379) chapter 29, (Read pp. projects:Problems and of the a becomes Sacrament Thus means

I. marriages Civil 1. "outas ordinances Discuss Church sin rather preserving us than a from means

First a. Preferably performed not by condition."of inward an symbolsward sins. of remission a of obtaining (In the

or of Presidency Council members instance the in symbolism eachShow how third Activity, 50, p. of Realm Quorum of Twelveis the ordinance. to appropriate edition, 1930.)

b. presibishops, stake Performed by 2. to the conditions are be met by What

3. of All the partake Sacrament who dents In baptized? desiring to what person bea

is, that of, attest witness, give or evidence text, c. 376- (see ceremony The pp. for children responsible parents areway

that the before Father,"they Eternal "God, 377) eight? of the atbaptized age

things. willing certain a to are do When II. Fasting prayer and for the learn 3. forms bapmembers Have

to witnesses signature important a an man a. First in the pe- a month Sunday set forms confirming. aretizing and Why legal attorney notary document, the or institution culiar S. L. D. in ordinances? Churchfew

is attested the signature public before whom 1. abstain from should Members

his require solemnize word the man to of for support poor may two mealsLESSON LXXI the Bible. act or oath by touching The testimony meeting attend and Ceremonies (cont.) 2. ShouldOrdinances

i(Read chapter 29, pp. 370375) b. Prayer should accompany fasts originally signified, and so signifies today,

I. Blessing and naming children 1. Time of thanksgiving that a promise made in the presence of that

a. Essentially a father's blessing: he 2. Time of spiritual discipline which is holy is more sacredly kept than

must hold the Melchizedek Priest- c. Fasts should be observed wisely a promise or oath not so made. However,

hood d. Special fasts; constant prayer a promise given man to man is sufficiently

b. Children of nonmembers entitled to III. Funerals and burials binding. Then surely that which is witblessing a. L. D. S. funerals simple and imnessed before God is of such nature that

c. Performed at fast meeting; may be pressive it never should be broken. (Supplement,

done at home, though not prefer- b. Caution in conducting funerals in In the Realm of Quorum Activity, p 45.)

ably mission field 4. The promises and blessings that are

d. Birth, death of unblessed child 1. Note state and local burial repronounced [in administering to the sick]

should be entered in ward historical quirements should be prompted by the Spirit of the record 2. Respect for feelings of nonmem- Lord. Therefore, it is important that Elders

e. The prayer: no definite wording bers (Concluded on page 687)

2JT2EDaronicTriesthood CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD "Accordingly we went and were occasion and conferred this Priesthood upon baptized. I baptized him first, and afus, said that his name was John, the same

is in the Baptist the that called John New baptized which he terwards articles series in Twentieth a of me—after the that acted under he and

I his laid head hands upon my late written the Elder F. Orson by and Testament,direction Peter, of and who John, James,

Priestthe to Aaronic ordained him the held of the of MelPriesthood the keys Council Whitney of the of his laid afterwards hands hood, he and should said, chizedek, Priesthood, he which in originally Published Twelve.

the to ordained same and on me in us, that me time conferred be due and on Contributor.""The first the called I should of the were comso Elder be we Priesthood—for

HPhe month of May, 1829, will be manded. Church,second. andIt washe on(Oliverthe fifteenthCowdery)of May,the

forever famous as the chosen time 'The messenger who visited us on this 1829, that we were ordained under the hand of the Lord for restoring to of the messenger and baptized."

earth, after the lapse of cenNot long afterwards—it is

about supposed of May Priestturies, the Aaronic or Melfirst of June, the1829—thelast recipientshood. favored The rePriesthood chizedek was

this authorityof and power Peter, and stored James, by from the hands of the heaJohn and conferred upon the venly messenger sent to beyouthful Prophet Joseph. This

stow it were Joseph Smith important event took place on and Oliver Cowdery. In the the banks of the Susquehanna,

little town of Harmony, Susin the wilderness between Harquehanna County, Pennsylmony, Pennsylvania, and ColesCounty, Broome Newvania, youths these two travelwhile were vine,York, was Joseph in heavenap- theengaged Fayette, Seneca ing toward pofinted task of translating County, in that state.

the Book of Mormon, from The propriety of John the the gold plates taken out of Baptist's restoring the succesthe hill Cumorah and delivsion of the Aaronic Priesthood, ered unto Joseph by the angel of which he was the legal cusin preceding the todian dispen- a certainMoroni. on "We,

is sation, in the as as manifest the Prophet's saysday,"

Priestthe case of Melchizedek record, "went into the woods hood, bestowed by Peter, James, to pray and inquire of the and John, who composed the

Lord respecting baptism for First Presidency of the Church the remission of sins, that we in ancient times and held the found mentioned in the transkeys of that Priesthood.

lation of the plates. While The first Elder ordained was

Oliver Smith Cowdery, Joseph employed, thus werewe officiating ordination, in the calling thepraying and upon after Oliver ordained which PRESIDING SYLVESTER Q. CANNON—SIXTH from heaLord, a messenger office. to the same Joseph The BISHOP of in a cloudven descended to effect that commandment was

light, having and in at Fayette, 1829, given June, in affairs of the education and experience by laid his Trained they the us, he ordainedhands to defer but upon were told Sylvester civic organizations, Church and Q. Cannon,

us, saying: sixth presiding bishop, came into that office especially well ceremony, until those who had

could baptized assemble been fellowyou, qualified. the stalwarts of "Upon Cannon, one of George my Q. A son

together of the sacand partake at Salt 1877, 10, the pioneer in born days, servants, of June he was Mesof the name supper, the of Lord's rament father, illustrious his City. and baptized Lake was I by He siah, the confer Priesthood

their the sanction give to and also him. a ordained Seventy by the holds which of Aaron, ordinations formally accept and

the in service Nethincluded experiences missionary His ministering of the of keys their and as them acknowledge president in becoming 1899 and beginning Mission, erlands the of gospel angels, of and spiritual teachers.

as mission, later. also second that His a year mission over repentance, of baptism and

that in 1907. During Netherlands, in began the president for remisthe immersionby Palestine President with visited and he Turkey mission Alcohol Users Warned shall sins; this sion of and to Bishop 1925, 1917 Cannon Francis Lyman. From M. Against Handling TNT again from never taken be 4, 1925, Stake. he of Pioneer was president June On was

the earth, until the sons of ordained Presiding Bishop by President Heber J. Grant. in Defense Works

Levi do offer again an offerFrom 1925 to 1938 he was Chairman of the Old Folks ing unto the Lord in rightCommittee, and also served in various civic and other Another and very vital eousness. Church capacities, including Chairman of the State Flood *** reason for abstinence

State of the Advisory CounControl Commission, Chairman of the has use alcohol from this said Aaronic "He of cil of of the Control Board Unemployment, on member light to brought a as been the not Priesthood power had of the the of Trustees Deseret Board and of Gymnasium, result the program. defense of for the laying of of hands on President College. the L. S. as Business served has D. He of issue September The gift Ghost, but of the Holy in of Engineers, has Society the of membership and Utah

that this should be conferred the American Society of Engineers. the National Safety News

on us hereafter; and he comRich experiences added materially to his preparation for contains an article on the

manded us to go and be bapthese many activities. As a young man he accompanied his health hazards present in

tized, and gave us directions rather as secretary to the Eastern States and England. In connection with the use of

that I should baptize Oliver April, 1938, Bishop Cannon became an Associate to the TNT in munitions plants.

Cowdery, and that afterCouncil of the Twelve Apostles, and in October, 1939 beThe following quotations are wards that he should baptize came a member of that Quorum. of interest:

me. "Persons who use alcohol,

lllartTTeacliinti

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

even to a moderate degree, should not in placed this work."be

L. "Dr. states that it is very WARD TEACHERS Teleky

necessary that men exposed to TNT A nd if any man among you be strong in the Spirit, let him take with him completely abstain from alcohol."*"* him that is weak, that he may be edified in all meekness, that he may

The explanation is that persons who become strong also.

use alcohol are much more susceptible Therefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser to TNT poisoning. priesthood.... (Doc. & Cov., 84:106, 107.)

Suggestions for Ward Teachers BOY LISTS TEN THINGS TO DO TO BE A GOOD Teachers should be actively interested in their people. They should

DEACON visit them in times of illness and death. They should be aware of the

spiritual, physical, and temporal status of their people to such an extent of L. Jensen, a deacon /"rant distress at once, and appropriate assistance be reported that and want may

of Al- -* Cardston First Ward delay. without provided the be to worthy

berta Stake in Canada in a recent In keeping with the duties assigned to teachers by revelation, it is highly talk listed ten things I can do to appropriate, where making a formal visit, to ask each member of the family be a good Deacon. They are questions containing the following import:

published here:

1. in harmony—you Are 1. is dependable. Deacon good A associates? a. neighbors and your With all his attends meetings and He the of Authorities stake, Church? General b. ward, and With fills assignments.

duties to attending 2. your Church you Are 2. in faith prays. has and prayer He

a. a member As 3. sincere respect and shows He Fast Offering, fasting each meeting, and paying once month Attending elders. in his interest

social functions? in participating tithing, and ward paying tithes offerings. 4. pays and He officer? b. an As is 5. in clean thought, word, He etc.? meetings, attending council Setting example, proper deed. and

secret to family prayers? attending and Are you 6. of 3. the observes Deacon Word A

Wisdom strictly.

7. He does not swear or profane. 8. He chooses the right type of IxJcUvdL JswdksiMl VftjL&AjagsL fin. (Osxjumbsih, 1%1

for friends. boys

9. and understands the The Ten Commandments He studies

of the Gospel. fundamentals

for 10. has reverence He the houses HpHESE* the Doctrinewords areandcontainedCovenants:in the last verse of the last section (136) of the of Lord.

"Be diligent in keeping all my commandments, lest judgments come upon you, and your faith fail you, and your enemies triumph over you."

One Hundred Percent Record in Latterday Saints should beware of those who teach that the Ten

All Church Activities Commandments have been discarded and replaced by other instructions.

ethics to the and be a revealed believe code of Commandments Ten in for the guidance of His Heaven. people given"pROM the time he first registered in Wemorals, by our Father

Church activities to the present, They were given, not as advice and counsel, but as commandments. They

DeLore Williams of Ogden Eleventh are of as much force and effect today as commandments of God to the children of men as at any time since they were given to Moses on Mount

Sinai. They have not been changed, replaced, or discarded.

To the Latterday Saints, the Ten Commandments are doubly binding.

They are a part of the Bible which we accept as a Church, and in addition they have been reiterated to us by our Church leaders and enjoined upon all members of the Church. At the last General Conference they were

again commended to us.

It is folly to equivocate in such sacred matters. Latterday Saints

shouldare—theacceptWordtheof TenGod toCommandmentsHis people—andunreservedlyshould orderfortheirwhatlivestheyaccordreally

ing to their teachings.

Frequent reading of them and observance of their injunctions are recommended to and urged upon all Latterday Saints. Such a course will

bring happiness and the blessings of the Lord.

offering collections, Ward Teaching,

Sunday School, M. I. A., junior geneMelchizedek Priesthood

alogy, fast meetings, and tithing. [Concluded from page 685)

carefully the the of should heed promptings has record Scout an outstanding He DELORE WILLIAMS right that things the be might Ghost Holy participated has in dramatics and and is said. the Faith sick the to heal of one

activities. speech given In 1940,Ward, of Weber he was Stake, has a 100% gifts of the Spirit, desirable great and and

record in every organization. These a special award for Aaronic Priesthood Elders should be willing at all times to exerinclude Primary, seminary, Aaronic activities and has qualified, thus far, cise their faith and give their services in

Priesthood quorum assignments, fast for a similar award in 1941. performing this important ordinance.

CE nilutuailllessagGS either in Explorer Vanball or M Men in the hearts of the girls. To do this

basketball, it has been decided to reyou must be alert to find opportunitieso scind the new rule and revert back to in which spirituality may bring strength KecutiVes the former age rule as found in Log and purpose to the evening's activities.=3> No. 10, page 66, and which reads as The guides for November being in the

tion for the following CAN PARTICIPATEEVERYONE follows Field of Religion will lay the foundamonth's work. registered Explorers, Only have who

service of publicIN DRAMA The fields and and arts their fifteenth passed anniversary, and who

T is not possible for everybody, even have not reached their eighteenth annicrafts which follow may also include 1 though possessing dramatic ability, versary by January 1, are eligible. A player religious impetus if you look for opeighteen becoming 1st, shall portunities after January to spirituality incorporate toto part be selected take stage in the

to permitted be complete the season and in the guides. songs, dances Games,presentation play; a, only of a given in finals. the compete spirit in the proper if done be in may that season. eachnumber But may do

it is possible for everyone to experience harmony with our purpose of strengththe keen enjoyment which comes from ening testimony.

the reading of good drama. And good Every Bee Keeper should have a 1941drama is at hand, or can be made availduniors Supplement to the handbook. You will

in note for the project it our themeable in every Book M. I. A. Our

year. to has a reference month Each of—o—Emily H. Bennett, chairman; Gladys Harbertson, eight 13, containsPlays, oneact Vol.

plays and three threeact plays, all of GraceErda Williams,C. Neslen,GraceLueenN. J.Stewart.King, Polly R. Hardy, toa promisethe generalmadethemeby theforLordthisasyear.it appliesYou reading.them fascinating

it will also find suggestions as to how is KTTembership and Talent Night for the special meet Groups may is to into the guides be incorporated hope these plays. reading a joyous it was ofpurpose Or, past, and we

individuals will find this a most profitoccasion. Now put all of your attenfor that month. The theme in itself

able pastime. Or, why not use this tion and energies to planning and prewill give many chances for building our

method of entertaining in home social paring such stimulating lessons as will program on a spiritual basis.

gatherings? The reading of a play by hold every Junior in M. I. A. One of our new features is our mem-

a good reader or by the guests repre- A good preacher who has something bership plan. In promoting such a plan

senting the different characters, furnto say and says it in an unusual, forcewe join with the Juniors and Gleaners ishes pleasure of high type for all. ful manner never lacks for an audience. in offering a group award for achieving

So with the prepared, enthusiastic class 100 percent membership. This means

"The Play's the Thing"leader of our Junior girls. Our manual the Builders, Gatherers, and Guardians

This fine little book will be found provides you with a wealth of worthof a ward must enroll 100 percent of the equally desirable for Special Interest while information and suggestions. girls 12, 13, 14. Recognition of this

groups and for drama directors. It is Keep your eyes, ears, and hearts open accomplishment will be acknowledged

full of interesting material about plays for enrichment material to add zest as a part of a Sunday conjoint service and the presentation of plays. The and value to the evening. Vary your and includes: 1. Singing of a new

section on "Plays of Today"is in itself method of presentation and be sure membership song. 2. Placing on thea course in appreciation of drama. A each lesson is a challenge to your girls. band of letter M in felt (3 different

group could select no more attractive Our first session with Social Conduct colors will denote rank). 3. Reading

text for a six or eight weeks course is scheduled for Dec. 2. Are you planof a letter of congratulation from the

than this book. Price 20c at both ofning a delightful evening of dancing Presidency of the Y. W. M. I. A.

fices of the M. I. A. as a topper? Work it out with the The song and felt letters will be sent

Explorer and have every boy of that free of charge from the office. Arrangeage join you. Let it be a memorable ments should be made with the presioccasion. dency of the ward Mutual as to the

as soon as possible after it has award friends, lessons, choice choice {jxjpWi habit;Are the girls developing the choice best time Sunday night to make this earned. leader, choice responses, choice and been—CM. Elmer Christensen, chairman; Mark H. Nichols, choice examples? Do you feel that we are getting sufWinters, Floyed G. ficientAxel Madsen, A. fine activities Elwood G. publicity for our it is necesas never before Just now

Eyre. Stevenson. Dr. L. D. Giles, A. John the Jubilee During newspapers? to sary with in choose to face the world

in successful putting Year bright, looking we were high, eyes forwardVANBALL heads last the public before but program direct insight into a chalour with clear, "\7anball season is here again. Relenging future. Are you, as leaders, year we let down. To build a pub-

v ports from the field indicate this offering constructive help to the girls licity program Bee Keepers should see will be our best year for this sport. in choosing to meet life courageously? that a reporter is appointed in each

More enthusiasm and interest are apLook forward to our Reading Course swarm and that current new items are parent not only among old players but Book, This is Freedom, by Rhoda Nelsent either to a local paper or to the also in new territory as well. son. It would be a delightful ChristGeneral BeeHive committee where

Leaders should call attention of their mas present for a Junior girl. they can be submitted to the Deseret

boys to new rules of eligibility which News. The News prefers items writgo into effect this year. For the first ten in first person and signed by the

time rules involving attendance, adgirls themselves. It may be necessary

vancement, Word of Wisdom, and for you to help them at first or to gethigh school athletics have been infleetjrls someone familiar with newspaper recluded. The exact wording as found porting to give them some assistance.

in securingin Helena are fortunate Margaret chairman; Wells, Lucy to Tingey, N. Log. Supplement page Bertha No. 10, We

Larson, Marjorie C. Andersen, T. Ann Pinnock, Florence the Larsen, and Trail,41 Explorer and Climbing Ball, W. Florence B. Pinnock. Helena W. Larson,

page 104, should be carefully studied. Marjorie Ball as new members of the

After a careful consideration of the HPhe First Presidency has stated BeeHive committee. Also two new

new age rule which would eliminate A that the primary purpose of our district supervisors in Salt Lake:

seventeenyear-old boys from play Mutual plan is to build a testimony Naomi Brewster and LaVern Rigby.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

\Q m BATTERY tested—recharged or replaced if

6. CHASSIS LUBRICATnecessary.

ED—Specialized Lubritested SPARK PLUGS cation for safety and \\ m tested, FAN BELT 2. comfort. if necesreplaced and

if tightened, replaced necessary. J m TRANSMISSION—winter lubricant supplied

HEATING SYSTEM for easier gear shift12. HOSE CONNECTIONS 3. ing.

inspected. for leaks. checked

DIFFERENTIAL—win- 8. T Y ITEMS S A F E 13 supplied ter lubricant M O T O 4.

to prevent channelover. checked service—- JUVENATEcrankcase ing.

flushed with special solvent, and refilled 9 < T I R E S inspected—14 PEP 88 Winter Gasowith winter Vico. smooth ones replaced. line supplied.

All these vital checkup operations handled at one place, one time, for your convenience!

Drive in at the familiar VicoPep 88 sign of service

STATIONS EVERYWHERE IN UTAH

AND IDAHO ** /N ****

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

The Church Moves On (Continued from page 670) presidency at their quarterly conferDramas Come to Church eternities. Arthur Christean portrayed ence held September 21. He succeeds Radio Hour

the roll of Adam, who was shown preElbert R. Curtis, recently appointed

paring the Sons of God for the advent president of the Western States MisHPaking the place of speakers, the epic of mortal life. The second act cension. story of Mormonism is being broadtered around a typical father and cast over Radio Station KSL each Sunmother and their infant son with a Stakes Receive New day night at 9:15 p. m. The first

panorama of their hopes and aspiraPresidencies dramatization, heard October 5, was entitled series Visions."of "The The his for includingtions progress him, in four of presidencies Reorganization thirtynine transcriptions the trace will organizavarious thethrough Church the stakes following brings changes: history the of Joseph from Church finally intotions the Aaronic and the In Stake, President Idaho Alonzo

first vision Smith s to the worldwidePriesthood. Gilbert counselors and andJ. Fred Yost

Leading parts were portrayed by Lynn Ammon C. Hatch have been released. activities of the Church of today.

McKinlay, J. Stuart McMaster, Clara Christian Call has been appointed presiMcMaster, Allien R. Russon, Stanley dent with Morris D. Low as first and HerMission Tours Reported

bert as K. counselors. second Whitworth Calvin T.Russon, Oldroyd, RobJohn is increasof the IVembership Church President of the Christiansen R. Josephbins, Dalebout, Jones, William Rheim his *"Stake counselors and Moroni Elmo States rapidly in ing the Northern Arrigona, Lohner, Shelby andMargaret Irons re- L. Matthias Allred and been have crying creating for Mission a need more supported Fox, C.Luacine and were leased. has been chosen Dermont Madsen halls, larger recreation chapels and and six cast persons of over hundred aby first president as as H. and Thomas Cook F. Merrill, the Dr. of Council Joseph parts. speakingwith and counGeorge as Anderson second M.

of tour after the reported Twelve, a selors. Giles Elders and Lee A. D. John

mission. of that first the In Stake, counselor Lethbridge managers. production werePalmer

the Council of Dr. A. Widtsoe, John retired Ostlund has Hjaldemar of because organist Schreiner withAlexander was

ill the health. of the retained of E. found Twelve, Asael Palmer was members acting as stage H. WilliamsJoseph

president, as the while former second counthe doing despite good Church workmanager. Ursenbach, elevated Octave was W. fact that called been have many men reaction press audience and was selor, The first to counselor, Russell Francis C. and into service, toured as government hegratifying thousands who and many selected the as counselor. second was new the President Mission with Canadian admittance were gain to unable the In Bonneville Stake,were President Marion

Smith. A. David recently G. as asappointed Romney, anturned away.

sistant to the Council of the Twelve, and

Granite Stake Counselor Chosen his counselors Owen G. Reichman and Seminary Dedicated

(*arl ForestW. DaleBuehner,Ward,bishopwas ofnamedthe ReichmanwithSorenGeorgeN. wasJacobsenL. Nelsonthen weresustainedas firstreleased.andas presidentLeGrandElder cil Elderof theCharlesTwelveA. dedicatedCallis of thetheCounSoda

second counselor in the Granite Stake P. Backman as second counselor. Springs, Idaho, seminary, September 7.

PRESIDENT GRANT AND THE WASATCH LITERARY CLUB (Concluded from page 659) Romeo and Juliet, The Merchant of From the work of the Wasatch

O. F. Whitney was fined 20 cents (by Venice, The School [or Scandal, and Literary Club came the incentive

motion) for his disorderly bearing. The Marble Heart, which seems to that sent many of its members into

came Next the imposing of fines. They have been the prime favorite, were the various community activities to numerous. verywere

R. S. Wells was fined 10 cents for tardistudied and scenes enacted. act as leaven in building for great

ness; Mr. Swift was fined 25 cents for In addition, poems were read and understanding and appreciation of

rudeness. Moved that Messrs. Swift, H. G. studied. Each meeting was featured literature.

disrespect fined for be F. Whitney O.& fined 15 by an impromptu speech. The one A decision was made that there be president;to was H. G. Whitney

cents for disorder. Jack Beatie, Emily feature which proved the most im- a spelling match substituted for the

Wells, and R. S. Wells were fined for portant of all was the Budget Box, general reading every other week.

whispering. which was listed in each night's Possibly that was wise, for the reminutes as B. B. This feature seems cording of the motion included two

In this club, President Grant had to have been a prepared takeoff on misspelled words: mach, for match,

many opportunities to display his various members of the group. Time and insted for instead.

talents, for he appeared first in a after time, the minutes report that At times, however interesting the dialogue on April 26, while he was various members were fined ten cents program itself must have been there still a visitor to the group. The next for not contributing to the B. B. were disappointments, for the mintwo appearances of "Mr. H. J. There were occasions when the B. B. utes report:

Grant"were listed in the minutes as was mistreated. To avoid this, O.

talks insurance. order, in on exercises regular then took were The He also in F. the of one moved Whitney

poor. very which were in firstpart for drama, he murwas hereafter "that the content meetings called exercises then regular were The inderer the Third, Richard appearprivate; strictly priv- B. B. of the be for, of consisted principally which

ing with Horace G. Whitney who ileged to no one but the B. B. reader. plause at the poor exercises. apwas second murderer. He also apCarried."On two occasions, the

peared in the minutes as having minutes read: Although O. F. Whitney figures

given readings rather prominently and among those who dialogues—one J. B. Read be hisdialogue refor disturbances, in which he were fined in partner was finedIt was5 centsmovedfor thethatuseMr.of personalities

J. L. Heywood was called for twice. the Budget Box. It was moved that 15 deemed himself on more than one

It was titled, "How Big Was Alexcents be inserted in the place of 5 cents. occasion, for he was the standby in

ander Pa."Carried. The question as amended was emergencies. On one occasion, "It

well that programs planned were the requested The members by of meritorious pieces apwas thenA accepted.number before a assigned giveand an week impromptu O. F. Whitney interest in the B. B. they peared but its wit and

were given. Such plays as Hamlet, were not equivalent to its length. guitar solo, and he kindly complied."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

as is as welcome and happy of the wealthy. BreadThe President as Seen thethat professionalthe Church hasand everbusinesshad. manNo inblestthe hemansion

by His Secretary one can begin to estimate the amount and milk and the simplest fare when of good he has done for the Church offered to him in the homes of the (Continued from page 664) in the matter of allaying prejudice Saints (although they usually give thanks and appreciation be written in the minds of influential people. him the best that the land affords)

to these friends, and these letters he Whether in the presence of the are more gratefully received and could not be dissuaded from signing chairman of the board of a three bilmore highly appreciated than are the personally, though unable to sit up lion dollar banking institution, the richest delicacies and the choicest in his bed, and it was with much president of a great railroad or infoods that the famous chefs of great difficulty that he could sign his name. surance company, the head of a hostelries can prepare. The privwith- noted institution of learning, or ilege to partake of the hospitality of Numerous good books—yes,

out doubt more than 200,000 books whether in the home of the lowliest true Latterday Saints, to relate toand booklets—have been distributed wage earner or tiller of the soil, Presthem the goodness of the Lord to

by him to friends, in the Church and ident Grant is at perfect ease, and him, and to join with them in prayer out, in most of which he has with his can be counted on to lead the conin the family circle never becomes pen inscribed a friendly or affectionversation. In the home of the hum- {Concluded on page 692)

ate greeting. These he has distributed for the benefit and blessing of

the recipients. Thousands have

been influenced to righteous living and noble thinking by the messages of the volumes he has given, and other thousands have been comforted in time of trial by reading his recital of his own experiences on similar occasions.

A\7hen the President goes to New

York, he has no difficulty whatever in finding his way about in the confusing streets of lower Manhattan, where the great financial and industrial institutions of the nation have their headquarters. The chief

executives of these institutions, financial wizards, so to speak, are his personal friends, and they weland the come him warmly when he enters NOW their offices. Their doors are never

closed to President Grant. They

seem to be delighted to entertain him at lunch, and listen with rapt attenFUTURE tion as he relates the thrilling and unusual experiences of his life. Into

these experiences are very freHave good machinery now and have good quently woven incidents of a faithpromoting nature, the struggle of the Saints, the accomplishments of machinery in the future, tool That's the the Church, and the faith of the people. These hardheaded business

men, men who in their everyday life service you can expect when you specify and also in their social contacts, are accustomed to encounter attempts at deception, perversions of fact, and dependable, long - lasting "Caterpillar"evasions of truth, find in President

Grant, and greatly admire him for it, a man of simple faith, one whose equipment.

word can be relied upon implicitly, a man who is willing to tell in detail the intimate facts of his life, not given to exaggeration, not withholding that which the most curious might TRACTOR and wish to know. A distinguishing EQUIPMENT CO.

feature of his character is his frankSALT LAKE CITY ness. He is honest in his faith and LANDESDistributor of "Caterpillar"Diesel Engines,

testimony; he never deceives, nor has TrackType Tractors, Road Machinery

he any desire to do so.

He is truly the greatest ambassador of friendship and good will to

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

The President as Seen REMEMBERED FROM

CHILDHOOD by His Secretary By Marvin E. Smith (Concluded from page 691 YOUNG MAN Indicative of President Heber J. at the best share desire to he Grant'stedious or monotonous to President for of his love has and with others,

Grant. children, is illustrated in this remiPresident Grant will always be TOOELE niscence of Florence Ivins Hyde of

remembered for his fervent, sincere, SaltFlorenceLake City.Ivins, a very young girl

PresiIn testimony. fearlessand

does mind doubt Grant's not By atfatherthe (Anthonytime, was W.accompanyingIvins) and famherdent

their ily children from of home seven JR. the of ZOBELL, divinity ALBERT L the regardingexist

St. in to Utah, Mexico. George, and engaged, are in which wework in for short time stopped a They as sustained was J. Grant repchosen is God's indeed hethat route, they Salt en Heber City where Lake durStake of Tooele president

the position at he guests home. now Grant were the inresentative its conquarterly thirteenth ing the in dramatics, the best Fostering faith he childlike his Inoccupies. City, October in held ference, Tooele at that Salt Theater old was Lake his Father, and his approachedhas this time became he 1880. 3031, At Shakespeare's featuring time Midprayers have been answered in a the youngest stake president in the summer Night's Dream by a New

marvelous way; the Lord has talked Church, being less than twentyfour York stage company, and starring

Louis James. His of record stake the age. revelations of years the From throughto him

little of delight Florence the To at conthe present the read: "Those him unto we vouchsafedSpirit and children, of Brother the rest the and

: Taylor, President ference John were home needed. At has heguidance visiting family insisted that the Grant Cannon, and counselors, his George Q. sea, the retheater his the at guests on be and and land abroad, onand Francis Apostle F. Smith; M. Joseph children the small that even quested him, taken have travels hiswherever president]; retiring stake [the extraorthe to witness Lyman permitted be to testimony borne he hasfervently the of Taylor dinary performance. President William W. Gospel; restored the of truththe George Seventy, of and First Council

hundreds of thousands have been F. Gibbs."The minutes continue: "A Another mark of this spirit of

stimulated to righteous living and good feeling prevailed in all the sessions wholehearted generosity is the manhabit- President in ner Grant which instructions as they faith their good in conference of the andstrengthened filling all seats insists the ually on forcegiven."clear were his and to listenedhave family in friends his car with and of date November under the Writing declaring:ful voice trip. for a ride or a goes on he when correspondent 1, a Deseret 1880, News

I know as I know that I live, that God from Grantsville, who signed his name that Joseph Christ, is the thatlives, Jesus as commented said he "Truth,"simply the and true the of prophet aSmith was of the views and general news the on called Temple commonly that Work Gospel theliving God, day: of Gospel the is deed in veryMormonism

will not have Party Republican gift, grace, The every with Christ, Jesus Be U. Should Donethe Lord

president. The their next for in S. Grant enjoyed that was blessing andpower, (Continued page 657) from got Heber have of County people Tooele days. formerthe

alpresident, and their next for Grant J. authorities, Father one of the was

I see a in yet man him young, though attained in setting Daniel apart assisted not has Grant of who President is destined by sterling and one who worth to the position he now occupies, and the help of God to make a bright mark in H. Wells as president of the temple.

name, whose and latterday this work, great writes: 21, he Monday, Of May past twenfor the held has hewhich in will held be father's illustrious like his

started 10:55, at Services Dedication accident The merely years, bytythree live in the will and remembrance honorable

the of the after opening just hour one future ages. history of world, preexistent In the birth.or

.. spoke. Brother doors. Lorenzo Snow

when the Lord chose His leaders to Just how well this anonymous person and asked us to prepare our hearts by send to the earth during the various wrote is borne out by the Church hisbowing both our heads and our hearts dispensations of His providence, toryUntilof thethepastfourteenthsixty years.quarterly conspiritbeforewhilethe Lordthe dedicatoryso that weprayermight wasget theofHeber J. Grant undoubtedly had ference, held January 2930, 1881, fered.

qualicharacter and traits counof without served President Grantshown sixteen the Father names men who

S. and fit then selors; the Gowans for Hugh him thatfications would reports services, the during and spoke and chosen were Lee Thomas W. his to entrusted to that be waswork estheir remarks. of was some He in the Tooele counselors as sustained time. His of generation this incare in testimonies interested the pecially presidency. Stake the developed has for workpenchant William Patriarch Smith and of John this period emof Stake Tooele The

faith His him. within powerslatent at told present of being all Utah, and County, who Cahoon of Tooele braced

in God and simplicity of character Cassia County, Idaho. Settlers had gone the dedication of the Kirtland and

have enabled him to obtain from difrom Tooele County to Cassia County, Nauvoo Temples.

vine sources the inspiration to lead and the Tooele Stake authorities held Father records his feelings and his people and to direct his own jurisdiction there. To reach Cassia gratitude at the close of this day

required branches its two and is a Ward channels. in right Hecourse a with these words:

three weeks'trip by way of two or worthy wholly of God,true servant

I April I stake, that feel substanCity. to a on have glad Salt The Lake am Ceroccupies. position heof the

I have tial the Temple. interest in Manti of 3,233. a membership 1882, 30, had honored has the Lordtainly he whom its erection. in aid to over $900 the donated during 1882, 29, October On earned has magnified as all to greatly is credited me, not soand This amount Stake Tooele quarterly twentyfirst

it of wives the in names of stands part Saints, my the of respect love andthe had Grant, President conference, who It mother's. in children, some and and my blessing he welfare andfor whose apostle October on an ordained been actual the amount is to intention make my prays, devoutly strives first and hisearnestly succeeded 16, 1882, by was I like as to would $1,000, paid up by me

truth counselor, Hugh S. Gowans, as presiabout that much of an interest in the build-—and of sincere lovers of

everywhere. dent of the Tooele Stake of Zion. ing.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

TEMPLE WORK SHOULD BE DONE I have been abundantly blessed of the necessary to have me interviewed, which panying party arrived in Honolulu financially, to very much. I wish and Lord show me my pleased 21, 1919. on November The followfull gratitude share to by doing Him my his ing celebrated Saints day the enterprises. in aiding public done I have writes: letter In a Father

pretty well in the past, and hope for power sixtythird birthday with a big feast the disposition and to continue to do someas at Laie. spread such the building forty years been A bounteous We have

in thing the future. being not have missed temple, and I would in prethe are masters Hawaiians

donating been for as anything, here I have birthparing was served to all. As a close meeting, of Tuesday's At the for than twenty year each more something President Nibley day remembrance, gratithese Father wrote its erection. words of in assist to years

tude and selfexamination: Dedication services have been held in gave Father the diamond tie pin

the temple fourteen times, and perhaps which he has worn ever since.

flow have had a greater Today we hall attended. of 25,000 people have The

the Spirit idea yesterday. than I had no there has The dedicatory services were over 2,000, and holds something

yesterday that it would be possible to have been a different audience at each meeting. held on Thanksgiving Day. De-

a better time and yet today has been much spite the joy of the occasion, in Fabetter than yesterday. Many of the Saints For the dedication of the Hawather's heart there was an everrecur-

manifestations have had today. has Today.. iian Temple, Father and his accom- (Contintted on page 694) life.. the been most enjoyable of my

Many times during the services of the past three days tears of gratitude to God for

His goodness and mercy to me have filled my eyes. The dedication of the Manti $swju)Ml d$, Wtcthiu Qjwjvl Qnjdmdhi Temple has been the greatest spiritual treat JJul

of my life, and I hope and pray for strength The history of Utah as an ironproducing state really begins in from on high to enable me to continue faith1922, when Columbia Steel Company, operating a rolling mill at Pittsful to the of God. work its of the for proincorporation purpose California, announced burg,

I think of those fallen that have When materials. iron, coke, byproducts from pig Utah and raw ducing have greater testimonies had manywho

far settlers as dating of the state that as back early time to Prior I I realize have, than weakness, and my my in possibilities of the iron production migration recognized the Mormon I inability to unless stand shall the have aid of my Heavenly Father. the new territory. From time to time the surfaces of rich ore bodies

were scratched and varying crude attempts were made to develop an

We have indeed had a time of rejoicing, iron industry.

and I would that all Israel could have been The Mormon Church was among the first to recognize the value of present to partake of the heavenly influence Utah's iron deposits, and as early as 1851 encouraged the settlers of that has been with us. Cedar City to attempt a development. In 1852, a primitive blast furnace

A ll his life Father had looked forwas1852, builtthe firstby thepig ironcommunitymanufacturedand on westthe morningof the Mississippiof SeptemberRiver30th,was ward to the time of the dedicatapped off. So important was the embryo industry considered that the

tion of the Salt Lake Temple, yet early settlement was divided in two groups. One of these attended to

as the date drew near, it was only the necessary agricultural needs of the community while to the other by a few hours'margin that he fell the task of operating the iron works.

reached the city. He writes: The arrival of the railroad in the 60's caused the price of pig iron

to drop and Utah's new industry soon became inoperative. In 1883, the

return from Upon Washington, my revival. projected short a did not markets However, had

detained beenwhere account I had on the closed again operations of industrymaterialize and down. the sickness of daughters Rachel and my

until 1923, so the remained Columbia newly formed when They sick death (Lucy nigh untoLucy and was it was miraculous that she was healed) my Steel Corporation broke ground at Ironton, near Provo, for the construcwife and my brother met me in Chicago. tion of a modern type five hundredton blast furnace. At the same

In case the girls were not able to travel time the Corporation acquired additional rolling mills at Torrance, Calithey were going to stay there and I was fornia, as an outlet for the iron.

to togoing Salt to come City on be Lake Iron Iron claims acquired; of City on west Mountain were Cedar

for thehere dedication of the temple. Howat Sunnyside, properties battery Price of coal added; near by- a were

girls the trip theever, well, stood to Chicago later installed, in capacity, ovens, coke doubled to be and were I it, arrived, asand at remember 3 product we o'clock in the morning of April 6, 1893. on May 2, 1924, one hundred tons of Utah iron were tapped from the

furnace and shipped to Columbia's California mills.

Members of the Church who quesOn June 7th, of the same year (1924), the State of Utah officially tion being interviewed in order to recognized its newest industry by proclaiming Utah Steel Day. For

receive a temple recommend may be the occasion an iron bell cast at Cedar City was used to announce the surprised to find that the same proceremony.

cedure at that time applied to the In 1929, Columbia Steel Corporation announced the sale of an

Twelve Apostles. At the time of option to the United States Steel Corporation for the purchase of

the dedication of the Salt Lake TemColumbia's properties and assets. In 1930, the deal was completed and

ple, Father says Columbia Steel Corporation became Columbia Steel Company, western subsidiary of the world's largest steel manufacturer.

Prior to the morning meeting in the During its years of operation Columbia Steel Company has contemple Brother interviewed Franby was to the tributed materially welfare of Utah. growth and The Company

cis the at of request Lorenzo M. I Lyman state payroll within the dollars million annually, approximates one while the the of of President CouncilSnow,

brings substantial annually railroads to the of revenues freight moved all that the brethren, of It seemsTwelve.

each and every one, had been interviewed the state.

and had to pledge himself to keep all the In addition to producing an average of five hundred gross tons of commandments of the Lord—the law of pig iron daily, the Ironton plant operates fiftysix coke ovens of fifteentithing, the Word of Wisdom, etc.—before ton coal capacity each. Some 1,125 tons of coal are coked each day,

they would be admitted into the temple for producing approximately six hundred tons of metallurgical coke, thirteen dedication. called Brotherthe Lyman at million feet cubic of gas, gallons thirteen thousand of tar, together with

this, and that and told home me ofmy of fuel. a quantity sulphate ammonium and motor forPresident vouched Lorenzo had Snow

me as being worthy, and that it was un693

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

TEMPLE WORK SHOULD BE DONE (Continued from page 693) Spirit at each and all of the meetings we August 23, 1923, for Cardston, Allater theyring note of sadness. His first words haveassuranceheld inin mythisheartholythatplace.this templeI feel hasthe berta, Canada. Two days

were: been accepted of the Lord and that His arrived.

... it spirit here. will believe dwell Sunday, Monday, and TuesOn We express to the I cannot sorrow keen you is the absolutely acceptable Lord, to and it that there day appear would were

I I feel offer that this to dediwhich have it is that to Presidents acceptable Cannon services three held each day, and on instead of President F.catory prayer Joseph faithful the to Smith, and and and men

It sure,Smith. after of was, the fondest there two, one were Wednesday I am these labored islands have on women who

life that at of his might heredreams he be the for which temple and have gone opened on before. was

. this temple,the dedication of in but ordinance for those work had whothe the of providence Lord been has. he. the final dedication services, After distance. this occome some On I this us,taken from duty, or and say might

this high honor and great pleasure, has Father set apart President William casion he said:

come to me. M. Waddoups as president of the

temple. I remember as well as I remember anylife in that thing the ever happened my Later he said: dedication of the Alberta For the

thrill the that being, through very went my train a party with a special I am very I satisfaction experienced joy and grateful indeed to my HeaTemple when venly Father for the rich outpouring of His of one hundred sixty left Salt Lake, President Smith stood up in the Tabernacle and announced that a temple was to be erected in Canada. There are times in our

lives when something comes into our souls in the nature, we might say, almost of an electric shock, that thrills our being, and when we are thrilled by the Spirit of the living God, as I feel that audience was at the time of the announcement of the prospective erection of this building, we have not the language with which to express to

God our gratitude for His blessings to us on such occasions.

I have been particularly grateful that although I read the prayer eleven times, I

I tiresome, to and the spirit seemed have Qnd&psndwL (Doodah, didof not weary of it, and it did not become it. prayer that time each I read

The still small voice of revelation to our spirits is the thing that counts, not seeing great manifestations, seeing not angels, not * great visions. in tongues, not Since SEflVES YOU BEST speaking

I became an Apostle some of the men who have been more wonderfully and abund-

A antlyany ofblessedthe otherswith greatwith whommanifestationsI have beenthan associated faith. their lost have Why? GOOD learn they did lesson, Because not one which He can supply you with dependable merall of is the greatest the that lessons any INVESTMENT!

chandise at prices comparable with any Latterday Saint can learn, and that lesson is is that better sacrifice, "obedience than United other source of supply, quality considered—than the to hearken fat of and rams."

States Your local independent retailer renders On October 20, 1927, we took the train for Los Angeles en route to the dedication

Defense friendly, courteous, personal service that of the Arizona Temple. There were two

Bonds and means so much to you. specialGeneral carsAuthoritiescontainingand nearlytheir wives,all of andthe

others who were going to the dedication

Saving He is not only a heavy taxpayer, but he also at Mesa.

his time with and his dollars all Stamps—For supports Father said on October 22: enterprises. worthy local community

Safety and Attended the dedication service at 10

Freedom in HE APPRECIATES YOUR prayera. m., andis 2practicallyand 7 p. m.identicalThe dedicatorywith the

prayers I offered at the Hawaiian and the Years PATRONAGE Cardston temples. I felt impressed in HaAhead. waiidown thatwithI hadBrotherbeen Arthurinspired Winterwhen I andsat

dictated the prayer for the Hawaiian Temple, and therefore neither at Canada nor at

Arizona have I made any special effort to change that prayer.

TheSattLafce # You can be Saviors upon Mi Zion by cHardware(3o. laboring in the temples. To my mind one

WHOLESALE EXCLUSIVELY ofgloriousthe greatestof all theandlaborsgrandestthat anyoneand mostcan be engaged in is laboring for the salvation

SALT LAKE CITY—BOISE—GRAND JUNCTION of the souls of their loved ones, their ancestors who have gone before, who had not

(Continued on page 696} THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER 1941

>o< >o >0<Z=>0< or

85 YEARS IN UTAH pV/IGHTYFIVE years ago metal mining in Utah had just begun. A few prospectors roamed the hills, several prospects were being worked, and some lead was

produced from which bullets were moulded and used to fight the Indians.

Today metal mining in Utah is the State's major industry, employing directly and indirectly nearly half the population of the State and furnishing the largest market for Utah grown and manufactured products.

Eightyfive years ago a child was born who later became a man of vision and leadership and president of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. This man,

Heber J. Grant, took a prominent part in the progressive

development of the State of Utah and surrounding territory. Throughout his life he has been a leader in church

and civic affairs and general cultural activities. His efforts have also been directed toward development of

Utah farm lands, business institutions, industries and the

State's abundant resources.

The Metal Mining Industry of Utah congratulates

President Grant on the occasion of the 85th anniversary of his birth and wishes him continued health and happiness.

THE METAL MINING INDUSTRY OF mil

o J

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

TEMPLE WORK SHOULD BE DONE ( Continued from page 694 of peace, joy and happiness and testimony The record of the last forty years demonstratedthe privilege how thoroughly of listening to the Gospel and dedicatedpresent in toeachGod.and all of these six houses has

it.embracing of that Father has taken advantage

Upon one occasion I heard President privilege. In 1901 he gave a Grant

there thatWilford Woodruff announce in of part take the dedication at the Christenson record to Joseph the rTo souls forwould be very few whom in six the erected temples of to asking him Temple, Salt Lake in thepeople performed temples ordinances of God, who, when they heard the Gospel Western America was a privilege prepare the names for temple work.

veil, to thepreached them beyond would his of because Father which came to until today he has that day From ofnot accept the vicarious work. Presas high callings and an Apostle research along working someone had the great the for having I thank Lord had

pleasure of being present at the dedication ident of the Church. But the privlines. For almost ten years Grace

of the Logan, Manti, Salt Lake, and Hawailege of using a temple for eternal Roberts Reynolds, a trained rehere,iian temples, present being of and now for carrying marriage on sacred and in search worker, has been charge all to in to of those bear witness I wish you is for one a family ordinance work of the family records. Mrs. Reyfit bless to servservices His has seen God the of faithful given to all members to nolds'have taxed been powers in inspire to to the speakingants and them

people, and that there has been a spirit Church. capacity, especially at times when

Father employed as many as twentyfive or thirty persons, some of whom attended three and four temple sessions a day.

Establish of The1883St. showsGeorgeworkTempleperformedrecord

by Father. Aunt Augusta made

going to the temple a regular Sound Credit part of her weekly program. Father

says it was her faithful labors that finally made him realize that he too At These Banks should participate in the work. My

sister Lucy and I went to the temple much younger than girls of today

If you need funds for business or perare allowed to go. We spent many

sonal requirements, consult with the long,part inpeacefulthe spiritualdays ceremoniestogether takingconofficers of any of these banks. It will ducted in the beautiful rooms of our

be to your advantage to establish belovedFor a numbertemple. of years Father sang

sound credit with them. in the temple choir at the request of Professor Charles J. Thomas who

had once thought that singing for

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH bility.Father was not in the realm of possiNational Association It was in January, 1928, while I

With branches at Ogden, Logan, Provo, Bingham, Magna, was in the Northern States Mission

Richmond, Park City with my husband that Father's active personal participation in temple

FIRST NATIONAL BANK work began. He sent letters of invitation to all the members of the

Of Salt Lake City family and set apart Thursday night

With branches at Sugarhouse and Tooele as temple night for the Grant "clan."

I remember upon our return FIRST SECURITY TRUST CO. when we joined the group, how inSalt Lake City spiring it was to see fifteen, twenty,

and sometimes more than thirty of the family who had responded to his

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO call.

With branches at Boise, Blackfoot, Emmett, Gooding, Hailey, Uncle Morgan and Uncle Hyrum

Idaho Falls, Jerome, Montpelier, Mountain Home, Nampa, Payette, Grant's families were most faithful

Pocatello, Preston, Shoshone in coming. A busy man like the late

Dr. Frederick J. Pack was very seldom absent. I like to remember how

FIRST SECURITY BANK many nights President Rudger ClawRock Springs, Wyoming son was at the sessions we attended.

Figures commonly represent dollars and cents, but figures to the temMembers of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ple worker are the pigment that portrays most vividly the picture of work accomplished. The totals of

Father's, Mother's, and Aunt Au696

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

its principles doctrines. and that a liar; you not would be gentlein believed anyone manly. is the difference But whoTemple Work ChurchHe saidandthat what beShould Be Done suchman wasthingsan apostate.lacked intelligence.I was able evenThis tweenbody elselyingtoyourselflie?"and hiring someas a boy to say to him: "The life of the "None."

gusta's work as recorded in Father's apostate is a greater testimony to me I said, "There is a newspaper today, record up to September 18, 1941, than anything else of the divinity of in this town, that was foreordained show that there are 232 pages of the work in which I am engaged, except figuratively before it was born, to lie pedigree charts, 12,415 family group the teaching of my beloved mother. I about the Mormons and it is fulfilling

sheets, and that 51,995 baptisms have seen good men change and become it foreordination. I am working in a

and 51,995 endowments have been bad men and then apostatize, but I bank, and I see the list of patriotic completed, 9,635 husbands and have never known a good man, a titheapostates and antiMormons who put it alive, and yourwives have been sealed, and 31,744 payer,Wisdom,an everobserverto apostatize.of the WordI haveof upnamethe wasmoneyamongto keepthem."

children have been sealed to parents. found men lying against the Church He said, "The paper does not lie."

The total of temple ordinances after they apostatized."I said, "My friend, I will make you

reaches to 145,369.* The gentleman said, "Do you mean acknowledge it lies, if you dare to chalAt the temple Joseph Christenson to call me a liar?"lenge me."

has viewed with keen delight the I said, "No, I do not want to call [Continued on page 699) progress of the work, and A. F. Bennett, secretary of the Genealogical

Society, says in a letter dated September 16, 1941:

In all the Church there is no other individual who has succeeded in tracing so many of his ancestral lines back to ancient times as has President Grant. It has beenmost remarkable how records have come V0URH0I11E

to light as the search for his progenitors continued unremittingly. Designed for An effort has also been made to follow

various these descendants on alldown alllines. practically temple work Happiness... Therefore

for his family President Grantdone by wait don't you has This yours if be for happiness—can home—designed

relatives are connectedbeen for known who it every contains too long. It's wellplanned because and wellbuilt

up in lineal pedigrees. It is probable that worthwhile element we have gained through 27 years of service in the

in the other familyno Church withincluded trade. has accombuilding as it is—is This experience—valuable

in genealogicalplished connected so much to regarding inquire or obligation. out cost We invite you today

research, and in the total of temple ordiour OneStop Building Service and the advantages of building now.

nances administered.

Your 4-Square Lumber Dealer Father's love of his fellowmen,

Building Serviceexpressed in helping the living as OneStop

Planningwell as saving the dead, has been a Materials Suqnr House Lumber vital element in bringing about this Financing '& Hardware Co.

impressive temple record. As I think Contracting Service 1174 E. 21 SO. DIAL G8B0I

of the number of souls touched through this work, I visualize a city of over sixty thousand happy people of all ages on the other side.

Father has been building the bridge from time to eternity, andwhen in years to come he crosses Opportunity Knocks Again over that bridge, what a multitudewill be waiting to bid him welcome!—with the opening of the Winter Quarter at Brigham

Young University. Alert young men and -women

include not does *This Aunt Emily's work which who wish to prepare for the challenges of the presentis record. family the part of Wells

emergency will plan now to take advantage of the rich educational opportunity which begins January 5.

Provision is made for new students to begin their

The Editor's Page courses in the Winter Quarter. More classes are

Conference Benediction available for all students than at any other time.

Besides a high level of academic and vocational (Continued from page 654) training, this term offers numerous concerts, lectures, good and doing right. There is a peace, dramas, and other stimulating features.

a joy, and a happiness that comes from else right that nothingdoing can comall WINTER QUARTER in with.pare people There are no

the world that are as happy and as January 5 to March 27 contented as the true Latterday Saints, and there are no people that are muchmore miserable than those that finally BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY apostatize. I have met them and I have PROVO, UTAH

not forgotten when one man laughed at me because I believe firmly in the

Purebreds on fhe march between the Wiloutfit maintains about 15,000 breeding liamsPauIy ranches. Trails for the sheep are ewes, a strain of Rambouillets developed

broken by tractors pulling snow breakers. by the Ranch. From 10,000 to 12,000 sheep

Snow comes around November first. The are sold yearly throughout the country

12 to 14 pounds of wool per sheep Peter Pauly is cofounder with the late flock average compared is the now the of one most of Williams C. H.

in the less than pounds 6 with the outfits in Montana, sheep famous early those days. early in "Back Ranch. Nowadays WilliamsPauly

explained, Pauly "we days,"Mr.

Peter, and Ray Pauly, of son Sylvan this bought country scoured and original other the of son Williams, could the best rams ewes and we outfit. Sylvan the operate partner,

strict find. program breeding Our the of vicepresident been has Pauly

that not only sheep in resulted has Association Growers National Wool also but vastly wool give more since 1938 proand excellent mothers make duce top market lambs"

TO UTAH FARMERS

PETER PAULY came to Deer Lodge a lesson about getting in debt. I saw

everything lose so sheepmen a< in many on in 1889, western Montana R just they a small because amount m,?m owed ever here visit his uncle. He's been to sheep on our figure keeping on "We

I'd that never go mind I made the in up my wiser since, constantly growing of the out three feed stored months ways of sheep and of men. in the hole. And I never did. year,"Mr. Pauly told me. About 8000

Today the WilliamsPauly outfit "With the development of modern tons of hay and 25,000 bushels of comprises five main ranches of about chain store marketing—such as grain are produced annually on the

80,000 acres, with another 80,000 Safeway offers WilliamsPauly ranches acres on lease. sheepmen and all

producers have a factors the about Pauly I asked Mr. \ features The Safeway way setup than better the success of a necessary to make $**? I hit a quality makes lamb i before. ever The all, I'd say "First business. of sheep Pauly. the Peter "In with \ people, Safeway replied, then knowing "and work,"he eat to campaign lamb more noticed, I've often will prothey so sheep to handle the being how pushed by Nain take lead the have. feed for tional the the you AssoGrowers duce most Wool

activities selling other Safeway and your ranges. overstock The "Never that help cooperated chains profoodciation, have sheep's dining is a range room. We ducers."told he handsomely,"

make it a rule never to let sheep eat "Safeway's advertising me.of

over 75% of the grass on any range. Your Safeway Ranch lamb meat helps us sheep-

"During the panic of 1893 I learned and Farm Reporter men make a better living"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER 1941

The Editor's Page f?<

Conference Benediction II IIS { Continued from page 697 GOSPEL STAN 111 "I challenge you.''A new book by President Heber J. Grant

I right,""All said, "I went to a meeting is called InstiThis new volume of classified parain what Liberal the tute. It ought to have been called graphs and stories from the sermons

Headquarters for lying about the Morand writings of the seventh President of mons, instead of Liberal Institute. You the Church will take its place along

sat on the stand within ten feet of the with "Brigham Young's Discourses";

speaker, and I sat on the front row Joseph F. Smith's "Gospel Doctrine"and

within ten feet of the speaker. Now, other vitally significant Church works.

I will tell you everything that happened in that meeting, which you heard and READY FOR CHRISTMAS

I heard, now I will tell you what was Watch for Release Date published, and now I will tell you that every word of it was a lie, and if you say it was not a lie you are a liar."

He said, "The paper lied that time."

( Laughter.

I am going to take as long as I want, For Hours of Carefree Solid you know, and if anybody gets tired and wants to go out he or she has my permission. Being an insurance agent,

I am not easily offended. (Laughter.) The fact remains, my brethren and COMFORT

sisters, that we have had a glorious This Winter conference, and I wish that I could have been here at all of the meetings, but wisdom suggested that I do not come,

I think that probably too I spoke much winter this and chair favorite easy back in your OlTlast I night, but everything said I meant, house. in your heating the work let Stokermatic do notand I do a that take back word

I said. Save steps, worry, and money by installing a clean,

People have come into my office and troublefree, economical Stokermatic in your old furncomplained about the editorials that ace. Only Stokermatic has all

were in the Church newspaper, and I these features: "Silent Unit

have endorsed those editorials with all Drive,"guaranteed for 3-years by my heart, and I do not give the snap of a strong company, Minneapolismy finger for the opinion of those who Honeywell controls, Timken bearnotdid endorse them. feel I simply that ings, and automatic air regulator.

forthey the best were the of good people. I have no other desire, I have

never had, and I never will, other than The STOKERMATIC CO.

to try to find out what is for their best Horace U. Siegel, VicePres. and Gen. Mgr.

good.

I heard that one of the men sitting on this stand today was twitted—it may V tnot be true—that he had surrendered t

his manhood and voted the way the t ofPresidency i the Church wanted him it t opposite voted the hadto vote. He f DUALITY MACHINERY

ticket from what he was expected to i vote. I heard that this good brother I Iwho sits here said, "The Presidency did t disdpA. (pAtiduoL Qualify. QhapA,

not tell me how to vote."I heard that fi

he got down on his knees and prayed i To help you we bend all our efforts toward getting the best mer- i to the help to Lord him to know how chandise to be had at prices you can afford to pay. Lt

fto vote, contrary the i he voted and to t originally he had vote. to t intendedway Distributors i>'I wish people get more would down i

their knees,on perhaps they and would EQUIPMENT. DEERE: JOHN HORSE POWER AND

t is belief.vote my He it differently—that JR. CULTIVATORS. SEEDERS i PLANET AND

: thissaid to "Don't with go man away t t>'MILLS. I BEAR CAT HAMMER if that idea theany Presidency ever

t i did to that certain ask vote a ( me way PUMPS. MYERS PUMPS—POMONA f>>

fis I is It the vote. not the would way * BATTERIES. TIRES—RADIOS GENERAL AND

I will vote."way

f HARDWARE. LIGHT HIGHEST AND HEAVY GRADE I it i,'brethren, here, said have Now,

t t I will again, that as youngsterand say a t I >'anything I never wanted more than

i Consolidated Wagon & Machine Company to first governor of the be thewanted i I received telegramState of Utah. a UTAH IDAHO WYOMING

saying: "Sixty the cent of per Conii {Continued on page 700)—————————--------—

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

THE EDITOR'S PAGECONFERENCE BENEDICTION ( Continued from page 699 Wells, my brotherin-law, who had ham Lincoln, and in his judgment vention in Ogden has agreed to vote been nominated for the position on the Daniel was the greater of the two.

said, ticket. Republican "Well, He along I say, So, educated Heber wasfor sure are you on the first you

I all you. to that Heber, I have owe for lines that work, the and he proper it will believe nominated.to be Weballot, in for interest note took an You my governor. I had a very made good was get before through unanimousbe we

voting."your business, and the dividends paid money, and plenty of it, and Heber had

interest note; I sold and my as good and not, not have made and I would I read the telegram to Heber M. the

to start with. got a I was home When a been have a governor, it would and

defeated the first time I ever ran for mistake for me to have been elected.

office, you went around with a list But I wanted it all right to start with.

this statement: subheaded by "We THE ADVERTISERS I this I that I live that as know know in State for scribe the Bank, stock

I is that true, what and Gospel know Will Find and You Where President, to be and Grant Heber J. last said to F. Smith Joseph me—the as a Cashier,"and Wells, Heber M. Their Messages true: "The that he uttered—is words as a result twice good you gave me bless mistake. Lord no makes The Lord -702 Hotel Alexandria I If Hall. in the City as you job had no has made boy!"Lord you, The my I resign, Beneficial Life Insurance will Comthe governor to be want

it bemyself, say although mistake, Cover Back pany it with will although almost damn me life, of best I the given cause have I my 677 Bluhill Cheese for I will you."party, campaign and my as shall 'it, so this do Church, and 675 to Milk Evaporated Bordens

Brigham Young University 697 I thanked him. I said, "I will let you long as I live.

Chicago, Burlington & Quincy....650 know in an hour—maybe less."I Now, brethren, get down on your

Columbia Steel Company 693 walked to the office of the President knees and pray to God to guide you in

Machine Consolidated & of the Wagon Church, a Wilford Woodruff, all do. there think that you you Do 699 Co I nearly age, ninety years of man and lot highest are the of holding a people -649 Oil Continental Co I said, telegram, the him handed and offices in the the of United Government

...682, 702 Company. Music Daynes tell "President please Woodruff, me that for States are praying guidance, Railroad Rio Grande Denver & it."to answer how for the repeal of voted the men who -643 Co

Deseret Book Co -671 Those of you that knew Brother liquor law? Do you mean that the men

Deseret News Press 701 Woodruff know that he was a terror to who drink their cocktails right along and Corp 696 First Security all talked nearly shorthand clerks—he

677 as just as fast so fast. for whiskey—andwe are spendingsomebillionsof ofthemdollarsare he talked Glade Candy Co And Globe Grain & Milling Co...676, 682 I ever heard him when he said to me, now in high places—that those are the

Halls Canker Remedy 676 "What are you coming to me, for? men whom God is directing? If you

I tell greater do, not. I do you that no Heinz Co tele- H. don't your you answer own 674 Why

the than ever crime committed Square -646 was HotelJ. Temple the of Apostle Haven't you, an grams?

644 BilHotel Utah Prohibition law. of the to repealing Christ, sufficient Jesus wisdom 676 Lord Press - Hovey lions of dollars and povsquandered, bothering without a telegram answer

Radio Station KSL

. Inside Back Cover me7"erty,damnationand toheartaches,many men,andhavedeathcome andbeLandes Tractor & Equipment Co..-691 I said, "Thank you, Brother Woodcause of liquor.

ruff; 645 College Business thank S. you. that thought L. D. you Had I the bless pray to Now, our Lord 702 I Manufacturing Co Letz as the of do any governor good

I I boys. give blessing, them as my - 650 Strauss Levi I I the as young man am couldstate—that I right the bless to have them, and....675 Boil Don't Cocoa McDonald's for could people, the do good any you

if that promise will them they be Co..... Fuel Supply Mountain said, 'Heber, bless the would have Lord will give joy them even God -...Inside Front Cover I will elected.'you. be hope you I prayerfulin if will the live army, they sweet and 703 Company Mining Park New it shall will that a telegram send a be

I lives. clean that hope do pray and 675 Par Soap if Company to favor personal never me name my like they will the be Lamanites who 644 Pembroke Company the before comes Convention."converted were and they when who 641 Biscuit Purity Company

Quish School of Beauty Culture.. 678 "Ah, that is good, that is good, that went into war none of them lost their

is good."marvelous story that you will....681 lives—a Soups Rancho

find in the Book of Mormon. 682 Baking Company Royal that is the telegram I sent; and And

Safeway Stores, Inc 698 today I thank the Lord from the bottom I pray the Lord to sanctify all that

Salt Lake Hardware Company....694 of my heart that I did not become the has been said here, from the start of this

649 Yards Stock Salt Union Lake I studied governor, close. the never because to I had Conference thank Him 678 Ice Snelgrove Cream Co line; I qualified for that ease, along for the not the perfect ease, I was that 647 Pacific Railroad Southern Co

last in talking not the job, for night have fortyseven and I would had made 699 Co., The Stokermatic

Sugarhouse Lumber and Hardone-half as good a governor as Govminutes. I want to say that I love the

ware Co. 697 ernor Wells did, because he had a Latterday Saints, and I love the word

Tea Garden Products Co.677 patriot, he had a diplomat, he had a of God; and I want you to know that

Traveler's Motor Lodge 677 great statesman as a father, one of the I thank God that the Gospel is one of

Union Pacific Railroad Co. 651 greatest. I understand that Brigham forgiveness. I shall tell you one inUnion Pacific Stages 641 Young said, "Daniel Wells is my statescident in my life.

is and Kimball Heber 682 man; Co. Engraving my prophet; Utah off for cut the was Church A man.677 Co.. Insurance Fire after looking Utah a business Home man I am restored. the adultery, to asked be and 680 Sugar UtahIdaho Co interests people."best of the President a letter Taylor wrote John -695 Co. - Mining Metal Utah

Utah Oil Refining Co 689 Jesse N. Smith, according to Joseph to the brethren that had taken action

Utah Poultry Prod. Coop. Ass'n.676 F. Smith one of the best read and the against the man in which he said: "I

Utah Power & Light Co 678 best informed man in the Church, said want every man to vote his own conWalker Bank & Trust Co 648 to me that in his judgment there were victions, and not to vote to make it

Wheeler, Reynolds & Stauffer 646 two great, wonderful, outstanding men, unanimous unless it is unanimous."

Z. C. M. I -.679 politically, in the United States, and When the matter was presented and

they were Daniel H. Wells and Abra- {Concluded on page 703)

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941 m

The zsileasure

. of a Man

C/ T IS with a feeling that, no matter how euphoneously and accurately we bespeak our admiration for President

Heber J. Grant on the occasion of his eightyfifth birthday, any thing we say will sound selfevident and superfluous.

What can anyone possibly say about his faith in the principles he has taught so long that could add lustre to the simple facts of his life? What could be said about his

courage and foresight that does not find immeasurably better expression in the stone and steel of factories, the abundance of our farms, the hum of industry? What mere

words could attest the fact of his leadership better than tens of thousands of sustaining hands?

And so, because they have been privileged to feel his influence in the growth of this business as an instrument of service in the printing field, the members of this organization feel they can do no better at this time than to assure President Grant of their determination to adhere to the principles of fair play which have always been a part of his conception of business enterprise.

THE DESERET NEWS PRESS Salt Lake City, Utah wm THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

SOLUTION OF OCTOBER PUZZLE SCRIPTURAL CROSSWORD PUZZLEAN ARDENT RECRUIT "/ am debtor both to the Greeks, and to the Barbarians; both to the wise,

and to the unwise. So, as much as in me is, 1 am ready to preach the gospel to you that are at Rome also."—Rom. 1:14, 15.

.. *. I. c U

in music We specialize stocks ior vocal forandchurchesinstrumentaland schools.solos, Large

choirs, bands and orchestras. Headquarters

for music for L. D. S. organizations. Mail orders

filled promptly or write for catalogues and speCO. MUSIC cial DAYNESlists.

patronage We solicit your 47 So. Main St. Salt Lake City

CHEAP FEED MAKE

: -'-''. "MILK

ACROSS

air (anag.) David's men; of all"you 39 One Christ Jesus MEAT "First, I thank my God through 37 "turn again and... you"

... Christ'Jesus servant a "Paul, 40... you".to. see. long 5 "for

of is it God"power "for 41. that, when I I 6 "And

... of God'the. unto.. "separated 43.. you"sure unto come

officer 44 Army lava Hawaiian 1 am ashamed""to... 45 them, and wrought"... with "he &\V>\ 10 is \fltt\J sun 46 The Scatters 12

15 Son of Bani Ezra 10: 34 47 Upward slope

16 Slander 51 Erase fat 52 fish A European Small 17 Let Don't Shortage Labor You Rob state Volume; 54 (colloq.) Soso 18

of 'list shall Profits ". This Livestock Winter!.. Good it is written, The 55 name Feminine 20

in better nutrients the Make cheap but faith"live by Eng.) (Dial. River 22 prepared grain. Produce save roughage

.. always you mention. "I make 56 have you I this year's milk more or would meat, 23 "Now now—from

feed. it's is prayers"explained and new done in by How my ignorant"

distinctive preparing storing feed and.. himnot. pleased even "For 57 not. maketh hope 24 "and Letz. created developed methods by and

self"name Masculine 26 Features Exclusive 4 New Models—22

size Greater for earning farm. any power 28 Note

selffeeder finger hinged feed with and New is 6, 23, 2, 5, Romans from Text Our name Feminine 30 sides, grain separator, cutterhead, type new combined and 57 56, 41, 43, 40, 24, bearings. too Better feed—"not Bang 33

'coarse.'capacity. too LightBig Timkenfine—not Bird '35 draft. Write today and more money make

/ess with work for Send "A NEW, thisMOREwinter.PROFITABLE WAY DOWN CHOP ROUGHAGE."AND TO STORE

Letz Mfg. Co., N. Road, The 000 Crown Point, Ind. 21 Paul"The wasArdenta devotedRecruit"... of Christ 2425 WorshipAn oval

CO., STATES IMPLEMENT MOUNTAIN Birds; 26 Nora lost (anag.) Dutch 3 Old

Street. Ill - 23rd Ogden. Utah Lord 27 (colloq.) Rebel 4

5 "to the... afar off, that have not 29 "to judge the... matter

heard my fame"31 Note IN LOS ANGELES 6 King when Paul was let down by 32 "neither will he keep his for the wall in a basket ever"7 "that ye strive together with... 34 A small area

36 Newts prayers to God"in your "for a living. is better thar to the church 38 the Lord... lliXMWyA Horn 8 "And

5th at Spring daily such as should be saved"a dead lion"

Tariff from $2.50 9 Paul was this when shipwrecked 42 Sharpen

11 "Take thou also unto thee wheat, 48 Dove cry and barley, and.. 49 Fairy

Recognized Headquarters Utah Twitching 50 Marrow in 13 Los Angeles at marriage settlement Property 51 City; animal 14 Director V. SMITH, Managing CLAYTON state England as possible 53 New 19 As much of Salt Formerly Lake City

21 Old Testament book 54 Note THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1941

THE EDITOR'S PAGECONFERENCE BENEDICTION ( Concluded from page 700) Wherefore, I say unto you, that ye ought Gospel is one of forgiveness of sin, of to forgive one another; for he that forgiveth awful sin, if there is true repentance,

his his trespasses brother standeth for conthe halfvoted upon, stood vote and not it brings into and peace heart your when for there the before Lord; remaineth demnedhalf against restoration. It the forgive sinner. brings you peace sin. in the greater him

again, Later a up and he came malove the that you when man you hated, I I will will the Lord, forgive whom injority his were favor being of bapthe provided turns right. to doing man it forgive, of is required forgive to but you

tized. all men. (D. & C. 64:9, 10) You have learned a lesson in your

Finally, all of the men that were at youth. Never forget it."And I never

the trial, except one, voted to let him I shut up the book and rushed back have.

be baptized. President John Taylor to the President, and I said, "I give But there is one thing that is necessent for me and told me I was the only my consent."sary—and I warn you all—and that is

man that stood in the way of this man's Brother Taylor had a habit when this: "By this ye may know if a manbeing baptized, and he said: "How something pleased him, of shaking himrepenteth of his sins—behold, he will

will you feel when you meet the Lord, self and laughing. He shook himself confess them and forsake them."If he

if has not truly repented, this President to is permitted come Tayup man laughed, gracious, and and and said: "My

lor said his being baptized sins his repented althoughsay he him were will do this is has remarkable; Heber, what

good. noas I told him. scarlet, and you refused to let him happened?"And He said:

baptized?"Now,be I pray the Lord to bless the left minhere a few you "Heber, when

I I Saints. said, "I will the the to pray squarely look Lord Lord if Latterday think: utes not did ago you What

I bless the tellin people will of the eye, world. that the I pray and him any defiled wife or daughter? he had my with all heart that that soul virtue destroy of the and can a my anyman man that thought did you you when Andgirl and then lie and claim that she was not feel as if you would like to just—I do not care who he is or how highmaligning him and blackmailing him, knock the life out of that man?"his position,—that is doing anything to

get us into that this into war,will never conget back be Church he may letter I said, "I certainly did."in founded; all will thatwith and your I pray we You said my vote.

to vote our convictions, and I will vote "How do you feel now?"pray for guidance with all our hearts

them and stay with them unless you "Well, really and truly, Brother Tayand souls. I feel as though it might be

want me to change."lor, I hope the poor old sinner can be well for the Latterday Saints to set

He said "Stay with your convictions, forgiven."aside a day to pray and to fast and to

my boy.""You feel a whole lot better, don't ask the Lord to preserve us as a nation

I walked to my home, only one block you?"from getting into war.

away. I picked up the Doctrine and I said, "I certainly do."God bless you, one and all, and every

Covenants. I was reading it prayerHe added: "I put that clause in that honest soul—and every wicked soulfully and humbly, and marking pasletter for you and my son. You have that repents—I humbly pray, in the

sages. Instead of its opening at the learned a lesson as a young man. You name of Jesus Christ, our Redeemer.

bookmark, it opened at the passage: have learned a good lesson, that this Amen.

WoksL lAfL, WuLii

The Pioneers of Utah under Brigham Young's leadership were builders, with a keen sense of the value of constructive cooperation. Utah then

had a busy, friendly atmosphere of "One for all and all for one."

This spirit has been lost and there is now much strife and many are seeking to take what others have created and rise upon the ruins of other men's work, hopes and endeavors.

The younger generation do not now find the opportunities that could be theirs if men, communities and industries would wake up and work together with the wholehearted enthusiasm of their Pioneer ancestors.

Utah is waking up and under the leadership of the Church, Civic and

Industrial Organizations, a better day is dawning. Prof. Levi Edgar Young

recently stated, "We need to emphasize the similarities we find in our various groups—not the differences."

NEW PARK MIMIVG COMPANY The first new major Mine opened in Utah in recent years.

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY "Scientists say that ants are the hardest workers in the world, but somehow they find time to attend all the picnics."VERBS of tasting, smelling, feeling—that is, verbs dealing with the senses—usually take the adjective rather than

tastes for food smells good."and example, the adverb; "The knowin'too much nothing'—it's adverb, since the well is both adjective one and But word may that"Ignoranceain't so."ain't knowin'

well.""I feel say, <3>

SEATTLE DOES IT AGAIN bills"Aboutand jumpin'the onlyat exerciseconclusions."some people get is running up

Approximately a week before the beginning of this year's campaign, we received the following two telegrams from FASHION CONSCIOUS

Seal of Seattle, Brother L. C. ice girl, kind of old, three years asked what was A little SEATTLE BANG. STAKE Washington:WENT she hesitating seconds have. After she a few WAY OVER THE cream would NIGHT. LAST TOP dress."will vanilla best replied, "I look think on my (Sgd.) L. C. Seal.

As proof that we deeply appreciate the Era and those who THE EXPLANATION it, receive Seattle of for it possible us to people Stake make it is healthy? family keeps so your Doctor: "Sambo, how friends. their it to our read only send it but Every ward in not sanitary suh, bought we's one o'done "Well, dem Sambo:

its cent. per quota. Stake over secured has has 250 stake One it."all drink drinking outen cups, and we its quota. over way

(Sgd.) L. C. Seal. KEEN COMPETITION

MISSIONARY EN ROUTE Helen: "Milton is one boy in a hundred."

SEVERAL years ago President Heber J. Grant returned from a Mary: "Does he know he is competing with that many?"

east. his train continued trip in the business As on to Los LOST AND FOUND car the dining brakeman. the found steward Angeles

"Al, you're a Mormon."All through the baseball game he had cheered the home team

"Yes, I'm a Mormon."to victory, then suddenly grew silent. Turning to the man next

"We took the President of your Church into Salt Lake City."to him he whispered, hoarsely, "I've lost my voice."

"I saw him leave the train.""Don't worry,"was the reply, "you'll find it in my left ear."

"President Grant is a fine old gentleman,"the dining car steward continued. "On these trips he has given me several TOO TRUE

books which I highly prize. But, tell me, do you think we've

offended him, or his meals have upset him in any way, on Professor: "What happens when a body is immersed in

this trip?"water?"

"Why?"Coed: "The telephone rings."

way—but"He's eatenthis heartilymorning andhe didn'tseemedeattobreakfastenjoy hiswithmealsus."all the LAST WORD

first of is the the Fast "This Sunday Mormon month—the strike."should out on suppose wives "Just Wife: go we Sunday—

I've of right got a a strike peach ahead. Husband: "Go it!"that? Tell about "What's me

in breaker mind."of President courtesy Grant had everyday won friendThe

the dining car steward. the respect from Because ship and

this his lives to SITTING BACK precepts impelled diligently President man was the his religion. train across sped of as the inquire That day, "There's that fellow who sought for years to get a political

first for time the this the heard railroad employee country, job."

principles of Fast Day and other Mormon beliefs and practices. "Well, what does he do now?"

Such is typical of the worldwide missionary activity of "Nothing! he got the job."

President Grant.

Albert L. Zobell, Jr. WELL RECOMMENDED

-<S>- Magistrate: "Is the prisoner a known thief?"

2129 N. 25th Place Constable: "A known thief? Why, he'd steal the harness

Phoenix, Arizona off a nightmare."

Dear Brethren:

I WHY HELP? AsdeemEra itDirectora real privilegefor the toThirdserveWardagain, offorPhoenixthere is noStake,other

work which results in so much good. For example, last year Elmer: "Ma, that apple I just ate had a worm in it and

the Era was sent to 154 addresses from a 135family ward. I ate that, too."

Gifts were made to hospitals, libraries, friends, relatives, and Mother: "Here, drink this water and wash it down."

the Era was also sent as wedding, birthday, and Christmas gifts. Elmer: "Aw, gee, Ma, let him walk down.

The Era has been a great help to my family in helping each, of us prepare our activity assignments in the Church, and it THEIR REASON helpful been especially has to two members of my family who "What inspired the oldtime pioneers to set forth in their field. in the mission are serving

Besides the poetry, historically true stories, and good fiction, covered wagons?"

the ilra is the most informative, faithpromoting, spiritual "Well, maybe they didn't want to wait about 30 years for a periodical published in all the world. As "The Voice of the train."

Church,"its inspired editors are the disseminators of truth. SUCKER

So we have added to President Heber J. Grant's slogan,

"The Era in Every Home,""EVERYBODY READ THE Simple Simon held his fishing rod over the bed of roses.

ERA."What a power for growth to perfection! Congenial Stranger came along: "Well, sonny, how many

Sincerely your brother, have you caught?"

(Signed) Wm. Percy Johnson. Simple Simon: "Well, you are the fifteenth."

Ar fv(an and hid Jtrauery>

In a voice filled with deep emotion,

President Heber J. Grant prayed for his

people rw words of simple, sincere, spiritual

beauty-*-'n-> Radio can never hope to echo more

than that. he Voi a Vet "g-f -v -J -*! -i -ur* --- r -HF

Here stands a veteran that speaks to fathers and sons of our time as eloquently as he did in the days of Patrick Henry and Thomas Jefferson. No coddling voice is his; no appeal does

he make for soft living or light resistance to the currents that would carry us Into economic or political slavery. His Is the voice of experience

calling us to defense of home and homeland...

through industry, thrift, and preparedness.

INSURE YOUR INDEPENDENCE.

!ES?- SE