u; "ifflki rp1 i

Brigham Young University Brings Educational,

Cultural Events to Church Members

WESTERN CONCERT TOUR BYU EDUCATION WEEKS

The BYU Education Weeks (formerly Leadership

The largest concert tour ever to go out from Weeks), called the nation's greatest experiment in

Brigham Young University campus will present briladult education, will be presented in 33 locations in liant concerts in Western cities in April, 1963. The the summer of 1963. More than 26,000 persons atin professsors classes by 50 BYU last yeargroup will include combined select choruses of 300 tended

literature, religion, in science, subjects concentrated singers and the BYU Symphony Orchestra, a total family living, government, and hundreds of others.

of 400 participants, conducted by Dr. Crawford Gates. Check the following schedule and attend an EducaWorks to be performed are the Bach "Magnificat in tion Week in your area.

D"and William Walton's "Belshazzar's Feast"masterSOUTHWEST CIRCUIT pieces from the 18th and 20th centuries. Check the folMesa,Phoenix,ArizonaArizona JuneJune 3,6, 4,7, 58

lowing schedule for appearances in your vicinity. Safford, Arizona June 10, 11, 12

Snowflake, Arizona July 25, 26, 27

Albuquerque, New Mexico July 30, 31, August 1

Monday, April 8, Las Vegas, Nev., LDS Cultural and UTAHEl CIRCUITPaso, Texas August 3, 5, 6

1014 June Provo Campus Recreation Center, 8:30 p.m.

4, 5 3, Utah June Ogden, Sugarhouse August 1, 2, 3 Tuesday, April 9, Bakersfield, Calif., Civic Auditorium, Salt Lake August 5, 6, 7

as a feature of the Music Educators National NORTHWESTPortland, CIRCUITOregon June 20, 21, 22

Conference, 8:15 p.m. Seattle, Washington June 25, 26, 27

Tacoma, Washington June 28, 29, July 1

Wednesday, April 10, Los Angeles Shrine Auditorium, MosesSpokane,Lake,WashingtonWashington JulyJuly5, 3,6, 48 12 July 11, 10, Lethbridge, Canada 8:30 p.m.

17 July,16, 15 Calgary, Canada

Thursday, April 11, Berkeley Community Theater, 8:30 IDAHORexburg,CIRCUITIdaho July 20, 22, 23

21 20, 19, Idaho June Idaho Falls, p.m.

26 25, June 24, Blackfoot, Idaho

Monday, April 15, George Albert Smith Fieldhouse, Poeatello,Burley, IdahoIdaho JuneJuly27, 1,28,2, 293 9 July 6, 8, Falls, Idaho as opening of the Fine Arts Festival on BYU Twin

July 12, 11, 13 Boise, Idaho campus, 8:15 p.m. Ontario, Ore. July 15, 16, 17

La Grande, Ore July 19, 20 CIRCUITTuesday, April 16, recording session of tour works, CALIFORNIA

California August 1216 Oakland,

Joseph Smith Building on BYU campus. Orange County, California August 19, 20, 21

Santa Monica, California August 22, 23, 24 28 26, 27, California August Fernando,Wednesday, April 17, Salt Lake Tabernacle, 8:30 p.m. San

31 29, 30, August California San Gabriel,

Las Vegas, Nevada September 4, 5, 6

COLORADO CIRCUIT Denver September 9, 10, 11 PLAN NOW TO ATTEND Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

NEW!

F THIN & C$ IS—

DOLLARS AND SENSE Recent published information on the SUPREME research and development expenditures of various countries provide an N#POUNCTN forindex its socioeconomic development. Comparisons by Stevan

Dedijer of the University of Lund,

Sweden, published in Science, gives the following figures for the four top nations: percent of gross national

product spent for research and development; United States 2.8, UnitedKingdom 2.5, USSR 2.3, Sweden 1.8; PACKS

expenditure in US dollars, per inhabitant, US 78, USSR 36, UnitedKingdom 26, and Sweden 24; the CRISP*

consumption of commercial energy Now, twice as many individually wrapped per inhabitant in equivalent tons of coal, US 8.8, USSR 3.1, United packs in every package of Supreme Saltine

Kingdom 5.4, and Sweden 3.8. Crackers means you open fewer crackers at

... keep the rest sealed up fresh andBOOKWORM a time

The countries of northwestern Eucrisp. Get a package next time you shop

rope are among the world's largest...enjoy fresher, crisper Supreme Saltine

book producers in relation to the number of inhabitants. Norway Crackers often.

leads, Sweden is fourth, Denmark fifth, and Finland eighth.

Enjoy Supreme cookies, too... they're

"Kitchen rich"good... baked as you

would!

BUZZY BEES

Whether or not honeybees perceive sound and use it in communication has long been disputed. Recent

work by Adrian M. Wenner has furnished direct evidence that bees exchange information by means of

sound waves. Experiments found

that an artificially produced sound given to the bottom of a cage which had the characteristics of that produced by a free virgin queen brought a response from a caged virgin. The

response, in turn, was similar to that produced by a virgin forcibly contained in her cell by worker bees. MARCH 1963 SUPREME145

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for March 1963 Volume 66, Number 3

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

The Editor's Page: On Fasting, President David O. McKay 156 148160161Art: Art:Hokasi,DaleRembrandtFletcher

Your Question: Who Were the Prophets Zenos and Zenock? 162163168 Photo:Art: UnknownTed Nagata

President Joseph Fielding Smith 158 170 PhotosNorton and models: Ralph B.

Elder Joseph L. Wirthlin Passes, Albert Zobell, Jr 173 171175 Photo:Photo: RalphGeorge ClarkE. Anderson

The Church Moves On, 150; Melchizedek Priesthood, 212; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 214. 176177 Art: Dave Burton

183 Photo: Ralph Clark

188189 Art: Ted Nagata

Special Features 212213214 Art: Art:Ted DaleNagataKilbourn

Today's Family—2nd and 3rd articlesThe Doctrine of Individual Responsibility, William R. Siddoivay 160 227 Art:Art: PhyllisVirginiaLuchSargent

An Open Letter, Violet R. Stayner 165 228229234-235 Photo:Photo: SethWallyBillsBarrus

Early Guide on Temple Square, Preston Nibley.166 237 Bottom—DeseretPhotos: Top—SanNewsBernardino Sun

An Angel Visited this Home, Carter E. Grant 168

Faith in God, Henry Eyring 174 All otherStudioart and photos: Ralph Reynolds

Genealogy: Don't Start Research until 176

The First Immigrants to Nauvoo, Stanley B. Kimball 178

Celestial Culture Envisions Celestial Personality, Hal G. Ferguson 182

Peace, Joseph H. Porath 184

The Prettiest Word in the English Language, Doris A. Paul 186

Drama in the MIA, Moana B. Bennett 188

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 190, 192

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 145; These Times: The Problem of China,

G. Homer Durham, 148; Letters and Reports, 152.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Spring Fever 216 A Wise Reducing Plan, Elaine R. Monsen 220

Understanding Unselfishness, Evelyn Witter 222

THE ERA OF YOUTH - 225

The Last Word 240

Stories, Poetry The Spring We Won the Championship, Silvia Tipton 162

Poetry 155, 181, 198, 208, 219, 221 the cover The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah TheUtah,olda pioneerwatercolorchapelby Edat Granite,Maryon, head of the art department at the of University Utah, for our Editor; Editor; Associate C. Josefhson, Marba Managing Evans, Managing. RichardDavid and 0, Albert Green, Doyle cover. of Granite March townis used The Editorial Blake, Larsen, Associates; McKayEditor;Research Today's Pinnock, Editors;Stephan, H. E. Grant,L. Florence ReedL. Arlene Carter FamilyL.Editor;Zobell,MarJr., in southeast Salt is the Lake County Editor; Direction: Editor; Studio. Associate Era Art JudithElaineion Era Youth Youth Hanks, ReynoldsB. Kalph D- The Cannon, The of of

G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Hugh Niuley, Sidney B- Sperry. Alma A. Gardiner, Nathan E. Tanner, Contributing Editors. site of the quarry for the Salt Lake

G. Carlos Director; ThayerSmith,Evans,Jr., GeneralAdvertisingManager;Director.Florence S. Jacobsen, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Temple.a manmadeRecentlycave inthethatChurchmountainsidehas built

Funds,Copyright 1963 by Mutual reserved. price Subscription S3.00 aInc.,year,andin advance;publishedforeignby thesubscriptions,Mutual Improvement$3.50 a year,Associationsin advance;of 35cThesingleChurchcopy,of JesusexceptChristfor specialof Latterdayissues. Saints. All rights for the storage of microfilm records.

Entered of Octoberat the1917,PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

Era ImprovementThe a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

Thirty days'changes cannotnoticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address byCoverDeseretLithographedNews Press.in full color

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TREASURES OF LIFE

CHALLENGING

by President David O. McKay

of stimuLDS An absorbing compilation lating sermons and counsel by the prophet of God. Each and every READING Latterday Saint can grow spiritually

by studying and putting into practice the teachings of the President of the

Church.

$4.95

2. BEHOLD THE LAMB 3. THE CHALLENGE

OF GOD by Alvin R. Dyer

by President J. Reuben Clark

For missionaries or wouldbe missionYears of experience and aries here is a challenge—to read

knowledge of the power of this book and act on its message, faith in Christ lie behind this and to go forth to spread the Gospel uplifting discourse on the with the 'fervent zeal of youth.'

mission of the Master. A noble

book that will inspire and en- $2.75

lighten you.

$3.95 4. HYRUM SMITHPATRIARCH

by Pearson H. Corbett

Revealing glimpses of the life and burning faith of a great patriarch!

An intimate, and yet profound, analysis of the true qualities of leadership and spiritual awareness which Hyrum

Smith displayed during his short but magnificent life.

$3.95

To: Deseret Book Company

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send me the book(s) ringed.

3 4 5 6 12 COMPANY Book ftesmi account I enclose a money order/ MALL I have an AND AT COTTONWOOD 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE

SALT LAKE CITY check BLVD., 2472 WASHINGTON OGDEN Name. 777 ST., ORA*NGE, CALIFORNIA SO. MAIN

Address.

City Zone State...

Residents of Utah include 3% sales tax.

USE BASIC-H The Problem of TO China TIMES THESE Raise Funds Homer Durham By Dr. G.

President, Arizona State University, Tempe

We are prepared to help groups and show them how they may earn from $100 to $400 regularly each month.

Some Stakes are coordinating the work of their Wards and Branches and are earning additional funds for their building projects. Mission Districts or Branches may raise funds

for their worthy causes.

Use BASIC-H... to supplement your personal income. We have a wonderful plan for

those who wish to earn extra money each month.

Use BASIC-H fell to its prey the westThen China "opening"of China to an The a career. have... to build We western powers The dated is generally from communists. ern world finest the and productoutstanding

sales plan available in the United 1842. In that year, following the were expelled. Missions, universiStates today for those who have a Opium War, the British were sucties, medical centers, and properties

sales organization or who have the cessful in forcing the Imperial Govwere confiscated. China reverted

ability to form one. ernment of China to recognize the to the alien, unfriendly domain of

right of the British to trade at the pre1842; this time, however, in

five socalled "treaty ports"of alliance with the Soviet Union,

What is BASIC-H? Canton, Amoy, Fuchow, Ningpo, communist China set forward on an

Basic- H is the ideal allsurface and Shanghai. The British acquired aggressive course. Some said it was

cleaner. It is a combination of oils the island of Hong Kong by the to recover ancient territories held

wonderful for washing dishes, same victory. Since that time, and suzerain before the British, French,

clothes, floors, walls and fixtures. until 1950, it is probably fair to say and Portuguese came to Asia. Wars

Because Basic-H contains no alkathat China had no better friend have followed in Korea, IndoChina, lis or other harsh ingredients, it is among nations than the United Tibet, the coastal waters of the unequalled for cleaning hands and States of America, especially in the western Pacific, and more refor bathing and shampooing. twentieth century. cently, India.

In December 1941, the United By 1963 it is apparent that the

Mail Coupon Below States entered World War II partly major task of western foreign policy because of its decision to protect is to curb the Chinese red dragon.

LYMAN DON 9th South and maintain "the territorial integrity Modern St. Georges are needed. 1087 East

Salt Lake City 5, Utah of China."Modern naval air power President Kennedy and western

Please send me the following: and finally the atomic bomb were policy makers need to give China

BASIC-H strategic priority. its first top to give China developed

the current ChineseConsider for T -Quart Sample-2 Squeeze Bottles $2.00 real independent, opportunity

LYMAN'S DAILY SUPPLY TABLETS republican life, unrestrained by Russian disaffection. This gives the VITAMINMINERAL

500 Tablets (1 Bottle) $8.95 foreign domination. But the chance west its best opportunity since the

100 Tablets (1 Bottle) 1.95 was shortlived. The Burma Road, Korean War, to isolate Red China

Reduce SURE MEAL to ally, Russia. its nucleararmed from flights "over the the hump"from Size $ 4.75 20Meal Q Chocolate nor a is not yet a nuclear of China India, Chennault the labors and Vanilla 9.00 Size 40Meal

Size 45.00 240Meal ontime rocket power. Stilwell's moves But Tigers,"army, "Flying \J(Butterscotch)Maple the

for is ripe a grand, ward. time Philipthe The MacArthur's from sweep

in FundRaising interested I am offensive. political, diplomatic SpruNimitz's pines and to Japan, Supplementing My( Income) iJ

A Real Career ance's naval task forces, and all the China is experiencing a time of

My Name rest liberated China. troubles at home: crop failure, the

My Address

City Zone.. State..

148 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Be TRIM, RELAXED, PHYSICALLY FIT This New, Vital 'TushButton"Way!

everpresent threat of famine and pestilence. China has disaffected

India and caused chagrin and wonderment among others in Asia.

China is a closed society. The

Chinese people are not open to social persuasion from abroad by ordinary means.

What might be done to change the nature of the Chinese state?

Here are some purely personal suggestions:

1. Mount a fullscale offensive in

the UN for the unprovoked Chinese attack on India. Take full advantage

of enlisting the sympathies held for India by the AfroAsian bloc in the UN. Take full advantage

of the RussChinese disaffection in this debate.

2. Launch a fullscale political

barrage in Asia by radio, press, and all available means of communication, appealing to the Chinese traditions of culture, learning, ethics, and respect for human dignity; making

it is clear that the present regime

You can feel better and look better in only 15 minutes a day... even after 35.false to greatest traditions the of

Chinese civilization. EXERCYCLE'S EXCLUSIVE ALLBODY ACTION

3. Try to supply the missing eleAmazing motordriven Exercycle (the scientific development with exment, namely, the means of dissolvclusive AllBody Action) brings into active play the same parts of your

ing the power of the present body you would use in swimming, rowing, cycling and horseback riding.

regime, and opening the way for HOW TO STOP FEELING YOUR YEARS a new one. The total benefits you get from the AllBody Action of Exercycle are

What is the missing element—the available in no other way. No routine, no other "health program,"no

solvent for a seemingly insoluble, other kind of equipment can do what Exercycle does.

dictatorial regime? The greater apofplication force in Viet Nam? 706 The Now, more than ever, you hold EXERCYCLE Phone 2621612 area. in that bekey may An ultimatum? Unleashing Chiangkai- your future in your hands. 3607 So. State St. Salt Lake City, Utah

shek? Use of third parties? Provoking There is only one genuine Please send me at once, without cost or obligaconflict of open nature between EXERCYCLE - your future tion,sical theFitness,FREE with36pagefull Exercycledetails in Guidethe Exercycleto PhyChina and Russia? What? How? way to keep trim and relaxed, with new reserves

Time is short in these times. can't afford less. of energy.

The ancient St. George was preMr.

sumably a Christian. He slew his Mrs

dragon. Most versions of the myth Miss (Please Print Plainly)

(Continued on page 154) Address

City. Zone... State..

MARCH 1963 149 an electronic organ should The sound like an organ Church Moves On

but surprisingly some seldom do! Traditional

organ tone was traditionally to achieve, expensive offers DECEMBER 1962 today Allen but worshipful, reverent organ tone quality for every The appointment of a twentyeight member Genealogical requirement, in every price Association stake conference staff was announced by the First range. See, hear and compare Presidency. Members are Junius M. Jackson, George H. Fudge,

Allen organs yourself. Paul F. Royall, Thomas S. Monson, S. R. Carpenter, J. Vernon Sharp,

Visit our studio soon. John E. Carr, Zelph Y. Erekson, W. Henry Chace, Archibald F.

Bennett, Norman E. Wright, Jerry D. Wells, W. Roy Brown, G.

Eugene England, Henry E. Christiansen, Earl E. Olson, Frank

Smith, A. Leslie Derbyshire, Ralph E. Blakeburn, June B. Sharp,

J. P. Barlow, William O. Tolman, Lorin Pace, T. Quentin

Cannon, Gordon Owen, David S. Romney, Gerald G. Smith, and

... exclusively Derek Harland.

It was announced that Elder D. James Cannon had been called

SUMMERHAYS MUSIC to serve on the youth planning committee of the Church Coordinat- 3719 South State ing Council; his wife Elaine A. Cannon, a member of the YWMIA

Salt Lake City, Utah general board, had been called to the task committee of the same council; and Elder Grant R. Hardy had been called to the children's

committee of this council which are coordinating teaching and

OPENING APRIL 1st... other methods of the Church.

CENTRAL UTAH JJ Presidentspeaker on Henrythe "FaithD. Moylein Action"of theradioFirstprogramPresidencyof the Nationalwas the

CONVALESCENT Broadcasting Company.

MEDICAL CENTER JANUARY 1963 575 E. 1400 So. Orem, Utah The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

A UNIQUE FACILITY For Delmont H. White as president of the Central Atlantic States

AGED or INFIRM Mission succeeding President George Z. Aposhian. President White,

a native of Willard, Utah, is currently serving as a counselor in the

Registered Fresno (California) Stake Mission. He has served as a counselor

Nurses in the Western States Mission, as bishop of the Denver (Colorado)

Special Diets First Ward, as a high councilman, and in a stake YMMIA superinMedications tendertcy. His wife, Mrs. Rella Birch White, will accompany

Therapy him on this assignment. The couple have a married daughter.

Headquarters of the Central Atlantic States Mission is in

Private Roanoke, Virginia.

Rooms President David O. McKay announced that missionaries will

P. M. Stoddard, M.D. be sent to Nigeria in West Central Africa in response to

Medical Director requests from people in that country to learn more about church

Deluxe Accommodations doctrine. Missionary activity will be under the direction of Elder

Open Staff to Licensed Mark E. Petersen of the West European Mission. The first missionMedical Doctors aries called to labor include Elder LaMar S. Williams of Salt Lake

Planned Recreation City who will be the presiding elder; Elder and Mrs. Urban G.

Barber & Beauty Shop Bench of Salt Lake City; and Elder and Mrs. Forrest O. Goodrich

Every Room Unique Decor of Tridell, Utah. (Continued on page 196)

Chapel Room for Services Shirl Rawlings was erroneously recorded as Shirl Robbins in the November issue.

He is the Most Outstanding player for the Slow Pitch, Senior allChurch Softball tournaMONTHLY RATES $175-$400 ment, 1962.

Inquiries Welcomed AC 5-4879

ISO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

by RULON S. HOWELLS

rrovea Dy me missionaries, nere is a book you can use with your friends and neighbors. This tremendous missionary tool is attracting converts by the

thousands throughout the stakes and missions of the church. It has now been

enlarged and made more effective with additional pages of beautiful, poignant pictures. Letters come in from all over: *"...within the last 12 months at least

1000 people have come into the church as a result of this book opening their eyes and opening their desire to know more...""... as fine a proselyting

tool as we have ever had.""in the language of the missionary 'It's Great!!"

"... very powerful as a teacher....""last week we gained 14 Golden Contacts.

The only reason... was through having 'The Mormon Story'to work with."

"... people have read the book, and have been so touched that they took the

liberty of living the word of wisdom...""We have used a little over 1,000..

and will be ordering again... I can tell you from experience that it is a

wonderful (missionary) tool.""... next to the Book of Mormon and the Joseph

Smith pamphlet, 'The Mormon Story'is one of the most valuable tools we can leave in the homes of inactive members, Golden Families, and investigators.

It has been estimated that this book has been the means of helping at least 1,500 people in Scotland and Ireland gain strong enough testimonies to be baptized."Get the new edition. Start your own missionary work.

letters on file o long out of print jeweis Compiled by FORACE GREEN WHITNEY ON DOCTRINI vailable in one beantifn Matthias F. Cowley's great teachings, first published in 1902

at Chattanooga, Tennessee, is filled with beautiful truths expressed in studied brevity. Covers apostacy,

restoration, baptism, gathering of Israel, resurrection, millenium, etc.

Orson F. Whitney's "Saturday Night Thoughts"was first

published in 1921. When an influenza epidemic cancelled General

Conference in 1918 Elder Whitney wrote these editorials for the Deseret News to give vital messages to the Church members.

Bookcraft, Inc.

1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 3-63

Please send the following books for which I enclose check or money order for $ The Mormon Story Cowley & Whitney on Doctrine

Name Address City Zone State.

MARCH 1963 TS1 A TOTAL ELECTRIC

A wonderful new way to live

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

Buy now from your dealer

FILMS AWARD WINNERS

the Stake's award night. All had 100 pergirls cent to attendance for the twentythree past year Sunfrom the are

) at meeting, day School, Sacrament Stake recently honored and MIA.AND PRINTED perrou PicturedMesa ( Ariz.

For any 6, 8 or 1 2 Exposure B A W Roll

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll

LIKES EXTRA COPIES AWARD WINNERS

COLOR FILM We would not know how to get along One hundred percent of our first year without the Era. Every number is read Beehive class received their honor awards. DEVELOPING from cover to cover. It is the most inspiraDeborah Bensinger, Patricia Brown, Verna

all tional Reiff Whitlock, are ever. Sharon and peoples'Worker magazine young The KODACOLOR is I section just a love attitude Bees a wonderful with wonderful, and wish and more

Roll 8-Exposure per learn to gospel. adults a for the people not could belonging our could Church We

roll Printing Dev. and $2.55 it. willingtheir extra with or the order youth read from each lesson one two We

Roll 12Exposure per for that ness to serve purpose. the Lord. roll year Dev. Printing and $3.00 Sincerely, Sincerely,

Reprints Color 20 each Liston Mrs. D. Michaud Marylyn M.

Provo, Utah Hollywood Branch, Florida COLOR SLIDES 135 mm Color Slides per 20 exp., Dev. and Mount $1.35 roll

Slides 135 mm Color per ROOKIE OF THE YEAR YOUTH WRITES exp., 36 Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll

Color Movie 20year-old Hubbs, per Ken second baseman 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll for the recently Chicago Cubs, was named WestI am Allis16 yearsWardoldinandWisconsina member[Chicagoof the

GENEALOGY PHOTOS "RookieLeague. ofHe thereceivedYear"19 forout theof a Nationalpossible Stake]in our. ward,Your andmagazineI can trulyis saywidelythat readit is

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD 20 votes by the Baseball Writers Associathe most inspirational church magazine. I

tion honors. also for the especially article of America the enjoyed He by Alexander PRINTS 60c each. PHOTOS,

for league set two records major Shall Schreiner, Stanzas new Many "How of NEGATIVE, 4c each first his fielding in year league. the Hubbs'Sing?"We

Send coin only - no C.O.D.'s home ward is Colton, San Bernardino Sincerely,

MoneyBack Guarantee (Calif.) Stake. He is the son of Eulis Mary Rasmussen

and Dorothy Hubbs of Colton, California. West Allis, Wisconsin

SAM'SP. O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah

152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Letters and JesusReports the Christ James E. Talmage

MELCHIZEDEK authoritative books

PRIESTHOOD 1963 ever written on the

Course of Study life of the Savior.

will utilize this Get your copy free special hard cover by joining the LDS edition of TalBooks Club this mage's "Jesus The month. This offer

Christ."One of the will not be regreatest, most peated.

CHOOSE YOUR FIRST SELECTION FROM THESE CHOICE BOOKS:

1. The House of the Lord 6. The Upward Reach

By James E. Talmage $3.50 Sterling W. Sill $3.50

2. Patterns For Living 7. Oliver Cowdery, 2nd Elder & Scribe

By Mark E. Petersen $3.50 Stanley R. Gunn $3.50

3. Prophecy, Key to the Future 8. The Myth Makers

By Duane Crowther...$3.95 By Hugh Nibley $3.50

4. The Red Carpet 9. Leadership, Vol. I

By Ezra Taft Benson $3.50 By Sterling W. Sill $3.50

5. So You Want to Raise a Boy 10. Leadership, Vol. II

W. Cleon Skousen $4.50 By Sterling W. Sill $3.50

ABOVE THE DOOR: 1687 Send your check or money order If you do not want the book, re- I

Sixtyseven years after the Pilgrims landed for your first selection checked turn the postcard always proat Plymouth Rock, a house was built in below. Your book, plus your free vided for an alternate (or none

Hannoversch, Muenden, Germany. This book, "Jesus The Christ"will be at all). Buy as few as one book

recently house renovated was by members city, in that of the the Church and branch sentwill receivepostpaid.reviewsEach monthof severalyou everymembershipthree monthsactive.toWitt)keep everyyour boasts of of the one newest, havingnow

and at the same time, one of the oldest, books. To get the top book, you four books you accept, you reif not the oldest, branch houses in the do nothing... it will be sent to ceive a fifth book of your choice

Church. you postpaid with a statement. free... a savings of 20%.

With the new branch home, it is reported, a new interest in the Church has grown up among nonmembers, with the feeling in the city that the "Mormons are here to stay."Inc. Club, Books

10, Utah Salt Lake City 1188 South Main P.O.LDSBox 400

READER CITES ERA Please enroll me as a member of the LDS Books Club, Inc. Enclosed is1262my

first here. for selection checked order check or money my for $ certainly appreciateWe having such good

7 10 6 9 8 1 2 3 4 5literature as The Improvement in Era our home. The Church has so much to offer I understand I will receive "Jesus The Christ"absolutely free for joining

its members in so many varied areas of this month.

activity and culture. LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC.

Sincerely, Box 400, Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Barbara Wahlquist Milford, Utah Name Address

City State

MARCH 1963 1S3 The Problem of China GIFTS FOR (Continued from page 149)

LDS do not necessarily pose this method as solution. a Christian Service Men

there Christian solutions? The Are

(pocket editions) Sermon on the Mount says:

"Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy.

"But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, The new LDS Servicedo good to them that hate you, and man's Giftboxed kit. pray for them which despitefully use

Contains the Book of Mormon you, and persecute you;

and the Principles of the "That ye may be the children of

Gospel. Two miniature editions your Father which is in heaven: for

that are essential reading for he maketh his sun to rise on the every young Latterday Saint evil and on the good, and sendeth entering the service or leaving rain on the just and on the unjust."

home for the first time. Only $1.95 (Matt. 5:4345. Italics added.)

Articles of Faith by James E. Talmage. Genuine Black Leather cover $5.50 The sun and rain do indeed come

Jesus the Christ by James E. Talmage. Genuine Black Leather cover $6.50 to the Chinese communists as well

Triple Combination. Pocket size Book of Mormon, Doctrine & Covenants, as the Christian anticommunist cruand Pearl of Great Price. Genuine Black Leather $6.50 saders and all others. But in this

LDS Hymns. A perfect little volume to tuck away in a handbag or coat field, the sermon itself seems to have

pocket. Black Leather $3.95 few followers, if any, nowadays.

A Marvelous Work and a Wonder by Le Grand Richards. A convenient, handy

edition of the popular LDS classic. Black Leather $3.95 During the past year, the Sunday

Combination Reference by Eldin Ricks. Valuable reference to the Standard School conventions of this Church

Works of the Church $1.25 featured a film, produced by that

New Bible Ready Reference. A compilation of Bible passages for LDS general board, entitled "Come, Folmissionaries, teachers, and students $1.95 low Me"("the Savior said; then let

Missionary Bible. A handy edition to fit in your pocket. Genuine leather $8.50 us in his footsteps tread"—with the

musical background of the hymn written to these words). The film

offers the suggestion that the sermon

Mail provides solutions to wars between neighbors. The neighbors in the

Orders film live in a beautiful subdivision, from any HeoeretCOMPANY Book with a cherry tree on the boundary 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL dividing their dominions—in Provo,

Deseret CITY SALT LAKE Utah. It is springtime, and all the

BLVD., 2472 WASHINGTON OGDEN

Book Store 777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA people are beautiful and decent. Yet

the film makes the point that the same principles are applicable among nations, as well as among men.

The China problem will not go away. of little sermon seemed The THE CENTER OF N o

in avail to Christians beset many (v WUNVINIcNCE J\..:..: mi

lions, the frenzied Colosseum by by AMERICA bloodthirsty fronsavages on many MOTELNEW UWOfZfi**,,**.** y <f J - B tiers. of Suits or mail and powder 3208EAUTYBEAUTIFUL ROOMSSHOP MAINSAIONAT FIFTH BAKBJRSOUTH large lead in offer to supply seemed

greater advantage.

But the sermon does not go away.

Those who advocate it, literally, do salt la Ice city millionsnot go awaywho either.either ignoreWhat ofit, theor

mark it off in a sealed compartment

154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA called "Beautiful Sentiments, But

Impractical?"

Are there keys to fundamental human behavior, revealed in the

IN DEFENCE OF CLICHES

BY FRANCES GORMAN RISSER

I'm told cliches are out of date,

Deplorably passe, But I defy the keenest wit To say, a better way, Sharp as a tack, as white as snow,

Or busy as a bee, Blind as a bat, deaf as a post—

They'll be forced to agree Stiff as a board, quiet as a mouse,

Or bouncing like a ball, And also happy as a lark, Have really said it all. The wonderful world of glop and marine atmospheres and to natural

Slow as molasses, cold as ice, Sink corrosion test samples in shallow waters. We also have samples built into

sea water for a few months, and this is structures, pipelines, and process

Mad as a hornet, tell what comes back up with them. Glop. vessels. We perch architectural steels

The story without wasting words, This test rack, encrusted with barnacles on rooftops and hang muffler steels unand other sea life, has just been pulled der automobiles. Since we started our

Completely, neatly, well. from salt water at Harbor Island, North program 33 years ago, we've tested over

Quick as a wink all must admit Carolina, one of the places where U. S. 64,000 steel samples. Today, U. S. Steel

The old saws, tried and true, Steel is trying to find out as much as does more corrosion research and offers possible about corrosion. Of course, glop a larger number of corrosionresistant

Hit every nail right on the head, is only one corrosive influence steel may steels than any other steelmaker. The

And fit like an old shoe! have to withstand in service. So, we more corrosion problems we can solve

have acres of test racks all over the for American industry, the healthier our country, exposing samples of steels used economy will be. America grows with

in metalworking to rural, industrial, steel. USS is a registered trademark.

United States Steel

sermon? Have we thought deeply

enough into the matter? How, what,

are the various ways in which an Nothing finer in all the world than our Elegant and Larger enemy can be loved and his behavior modified? Somewhere in the "America's Finest Ice Cream Store"

scale of solutions, between pushing And then—Just to remind you

the nuclear missile buttons, and, superficial sentimentality there may probing.be matters worth *DISTINCTIVE"A A

for Meantime, the men in the Pentagon, the Central Intelligence |toV& yceUeant

Agency, the National Security Council, at SEATO headquarters, and in is the Industry's Supreme Achievement theViet China problem Nam, clocksmains. are reOUR ONLY STORE The wound and

850 East 21st South Streetare running.

Closed Sundays Open until Midnight 'Artistry in Pleasurefoods'

MARCH 1963 159 rT.! i|i|iiii)ippjiiiiii nnnnnn o o

THE EDITORS PAGE

BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY On Fasting

The word fast is used to signify a selflectual activity; and (3) spiritual

imposed restraint with respect to the strength, which is the greatest of all eating of food. Historians tell us that benefits. This fine spiritual strength is

the custom of fasting dates back to the derived by the subjection of the early history of the human race. They physical appetite to the will of the

surmise that it was first practised individual. "He who reigns within

because of the salutary influence that himself, and rules passions, desires, and it has on the health and also because fears, is more than a king."

of the increased power such voluntary As in eternal life, so in selfmastery, abstinence gives the spirit in holding there is no one great thing which a under subjection the purely physical man may do to obtain it; but there are

appetites of the body. It may be nearer many little things by observing which

the truth, however, to say that fasting selfcontrol may be achieved; and a

originated when the Lord first resubjecting of the appetite to the will, vealed to man the gospel plan, thus and a refusal to satisfy desire are two antedating even the law of Moses, of these little things. It was with this

when an annual fast day was prethought in mind, of gaining spiritual scribed. (Lev. 23:2729.) strength that William James, the psyAssociated with this practice in chologist, made this suggestion: "To do

modern times in The Church of Jesus each day something which you do not

Christ of Latterday Saints is the giving like to do."If there were no other

of a fast offering, the underlying purvirtue in fasting but gaining strength pose and farreaching benefits of which of character, that alone would be suffimake the monthly observance of fast cient justification for its universal day one of the most significant features acceptance.

of this latterday work. There are in it, The regularly constituted fast confirst, all the spiritual uplift that comes sists of abstinence from food once each

from a Christlike desire to serve one's month, that is, it means missing two fellow man, and second, an economic meals on the first Sunday of each means, which, when carried out by a month. The value of those two meals

perfect and active organization, will given as a voluntary donation for the supply the needs of every worthy poor relief of those who are hungry or otherperson within the confines of the organwise in distress constitutes the fast ized wards and branches of the Church. offering. Think what the sincere obAll the principles related to fasting servance of this rule would mean

seem to point to the fact that it prospiritually if every man, woman, and duces (1) physical benefits; (2) intelchild were to observe the fast and con156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tribute the resultant offering, with the are worthy and may need assistance.

sincere desire of blessing the less If we contribute to the bishop our fortunate brother or sister or sorrowfast offerings once a month, we are ing child! certainly no poorer financially than

It is God's way. You say people we would be if we had consumed those

don't like charity? Why, it should not meals as we regularly do. There canbe administered as charity; but as a not be any loss to our own family in a

cooperative plan of mutual service financial way, and we have given at adopted for the benefit of all. least a mite toward alleviation of

Can you not see associated with the hunger, perhaps distress, in some home simple acts the divine principle of that is less fortunate, less blessed than service as expressed in the Master's ours. There is no loss to us financially:

words: "Inasmuch as ye have done it No man is poorer, no man is deprived

unto one of the least of these my of one blessing, no child is deprived brethren, ye have done it unto me."of anything that he would have had

(Matt. 25:40.) if he refrained from giving that small

It is a practical demonstration of the contribution.

power of God unto physical salvation, Generally speaking, no person is inand it is not just an untried idea, jured in any way by his depriving because you and I, as members of the himself of those two meals on fast day, restored Church, know that it can be but, on the contrary, he is benefited carried out in practice. physically; he gains greater spiritual

The requirement is that members of power to withstand the temptations the Church fast that day, attend to that he meets in life; and, best of all,

their meetings, particularly fast and he is practising the very essence of our testimony meeting, and in accordance religion. The true Christ spirit is maniwith the revelation from God, give fest in that little offering.

their oblations, render their sacraments, Teach the child to master appetite.

and offer their prayers to God. We Teach him, not harshly, but kindly,

are asked to contribute in effect the with the Spirit of the Lord, and you amount of those two meals for the will find that in childhood these little benefit of the worthy poor in our midst. lessons in abstinence and obedience

No stated amount is given; each one coming daily, unconsciously are placing

is left to give voluntarily that which in his spirit power that he may obtain for he believes he ought to give, so that himself all the great and wonderful the bishop may have in his hands blessings that are in store for the faithsufficient funds to aid those who ful members of the Church.

MARCH 1963 157 WHO WERE THE PROPHETS ZENOS AND ZENOCK?

question: "In our study of the however, that Enoch was transBook of Mormon and the book of lated rather than to have been

Moses, it seems to us that Zenos stoned to death. How else could

and Zenock, spoken of in the the Nephites be a remnant of their

Book of Mormon could have been seed? This may not be important, YOUR

Enos, the third from Adam, and but we would like the matter

Enoch, the son of Jared and father cleared for the benefit of ourof Methuselah. The Bible states, QUES thinking."

answer: Outside of what is almost incomparable parable of thewritten in the Book of Mormon, TION vineyard given at length by Jacob

we have no record of either of ( Jacob 5 ). His prophecies are also

these ancient prophets. Therefore quoted by Nephi (I Nephi 19:10,

there is no stated time as to when 12, 16), Alma (Alma 33:3, 13, 15), ANSWERED BY

they lived. The fact is, however, Amulek (Alma 34:7), Samuel, the

that there were many prophets in Lamanite (Helaman 15:11), and JOSEPHIsrael and even before the time of Mormon (III Nephi 10:16)."(AIsrael whose records we have not FIELDING Dictionary of the Book of Mormon,

obtained. These two prophets 1954 ed., p. 272.)

lived sometime preceding the comWhen the Savior visited theing of Lehi and his family from SMITH Nephites, he permitted them to reJerusalem. Their writings must PRESIDENT OF ceive only the lesser things which

have been recorded on the plates THE COUNCIL he taught the people and withheld which Nephi secured from Laban. OF THE TWELVE the greater things because he knew

They proved to be of great worth that the people of that generation to the children of Lehi, having were not sufficiently humble and contained a great deal of information concerning the obedient and therefore not ready to receive and abide future destiny of Israel. Elder George Reynolds, who in the covenants. These are Mormon's words:

was one of the most careful and thorough students "And these things have I written, which are a lesser of the Book of Mormon, has given us this information part of the things which he taught the people; and I

in his book, A Dictionary of the Book of Mormon: have written them to the intent that they may be

"Zenoch or Zenock. A prophet of Israel, of whose brought again unto this people, from the Gentiles,

personal history, or to what age he belonged, we know according to the words which Jesus hath spoken.

nothing. His writings were familiar to the Nephites, "And when they shall have received this, which is

as he is quoted by Nephi (I Nephi 19:10), Alma expedient that they should have first, to try their faith,

(Alma 33:15), Amulek (Alma 34:7), Nephi (Helaand if it shall so be that they shall believe these things

man 8:20), and Mormon (III Nephi 10:16.) then shall the greater things be made manifest

"Zenos. A Hebrew prophet, often quoted by the unto them. > j

Nephite servants of God. All we are told of his "And if it so be that they will -not believe these

personal history is that he was slain because he testithings, then shall the greater things be withheld from fied boldly of what God revealed to him. That he them, unto their condemnation.

was a man greatly blessed of the Lord with the "Behold, I was about to write them, all which were spirit of prophecy is shown by that wonderful and engraven upon the plates of Nephi, but the Lord for158 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bade it, saying: I will try the faith of my people. man, without the inspiration of the Lord, could have

"Therefore I, Mormon, do write the things which written such a parable. It is a pity that too many

have been commanded me of the Lord. And now I, of those who read the Book of Mormon pass over

Mormon, make an end of my sayings, and proceed and slight the truths which it conveys in relation to to write the things which have been commanded me."the history, scattering, and final gathering of Israel.

(3 Nephi 26:8-12.) Some members of the Church unto whom attention

Again the Lord revealed to Mormon the followhas been called to the great significance of this ing significant edict because he knew the frailty parable have said they fail to comprehend it. It is

and disobedience of the children of men, and even simple and very clear to the minds of those who members of the Church who would live in these earnestly seek to know the truth. No man without

latter days: divine inspiration could have written such a parable

"For the Lord said unto me: They shall not go as this. In brief, it records the history of Israel down

forth unto the Gentiles until the day that they shall through the ages, the scattering of the tribes to all repent of their iniquity, and become clean before parts of the earth; their mingling with, or being

the Lord. grafted in, the wild olive trees, or in other words the

"And in that day that they shall exercise faith in mixing of the blood of Israel among the Gentiles by me, saith the Lord, even as the brother of Jared did, which the great blessings and promises of the Lord that they may become sanctified in me, then will I to Abraham are fulfilled. After Abraham had been

manifest unto them the things which the brother of proved even to the extent of being willing to offer

Jared saw, even to the unfolding unto them all my Isaac as a sacrifice, the Lord blessed him with the revelations, saith Jesus Christ, the Son of God, the greatest of blessings, and said to him:

Father of the heavens and of the earth, and all things "... By myself have I sworn, saith the Lord, for

that in them are. because thou hast done this thing, and hast not

"And he that will contend against the word of the withheld thy son, thine only son:

Lord, let him be accursed; and he that shall deny "That in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplythese things, let him be accursed; for unto them will I ing I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven,

show no greater things, saith Jesus Christ; for I am he and as the sand which is upon the sea shore; and thy

who speaketh."(Ether 4:6-8.) seed shall possess the gate of his enemies;

What a sad reflection it is that the Lord, knowing "And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth the end from the beginning, predicted that even after be blessed; because thou hast obeyed my voice."

the Book of Mormon was published and presented (Gen. 22:1618.)

to the world, many of those who had entered into coveThis remarkable parable portrays how, as branches nant with him in the waters of baptism would think of the olive tree (Israelites) were carried to all parts so little of the Book of Mormon, that they would pay of the earth (the Lord's vineyard) and grafted into no heed to its teachings and by their indifference the wild olive trees ( the Gentile nations ). Thus they

and lack of faith, the great blessings which the Lord are fulfilling the promise that the Lord had made.

has in store for the faithful have to be withheld Today Latterday Saints are going to all parts of because there is so much lack of faith and obedience the world as servants in the vineyard to gather this among his people. fruit and lay it in store for the time of the coming

The parable of Zenos, recorded by Jacob in chapter of the Master. This parable is one of the most enfive of his book is one of the greatest parables ever lightening and interesting in the Book of Mormon.

recorded. This parable in and of itself stamps the How can any person read it without feeling the

Book of Mormon with convincing truth. No mortal inspiration of this ancient prophet?

MARCH 1963 159 THE DOCTRINE OF INDIVIDUAL RESPONSIBILITY

BY WILLIAM R. SIDDOWAY

During the summer of my thirteenth birthday I was huts have been destroyed, and the swimming pool one of a half dozen boys who embarked upon a project was long ago washed away by high water, but the to build a village of huts or small cabins in a heavily great principle first glimpsed that summer day many wooded pasture down by a creek just outside of town. years ago persists. What is that great principle? It

We spent nearly a month building the huts. They is this: The real fun, the genuine adventure, the

weren't fancy—just simple boydesigned shelters conlasting satisfaction in life is in the building—not in the

structed of natural materials obtained along the playing. In the final analysis, it wasn't the huts themheavily wooded creek bank. Six of us boys spent every selves that were important to those six boys. It wasn't

available moment cutting, lifting, fitting, straining, the opportunity to play in them that had real signifiyet having the time of our young lives as we each cance. It was the act of building that had meaning

built a hut of our own. for us. It was the opportunity to create something

We had great dreams of the fun we would have from our own imaginations and efforts—to see our

playing in our new creations. We were building the dreams and plans become a reality as a result of our

world's best playground for boys. We would have own labors that brought enjoyment and satisfaction.

the most wonderful time playing in our huts that boys Just as the real fun for this group of boys was in buildever had doing anything. There would be no limit ing, it follows that in life, then, that the real joy is in

to the fun we would have. doing something yourself, not in having something

But then, just as the last hut was completed, an done for you; in giving, not receiving; in learning

amazing thing happened. Without even giving a and using knowledge, not in merely possessing it;

second thought to all the happy hours that we were in laboring, not in quitting. In short, then, from being

supposed to spend playing in them, our huts were "anxiously engaged in a good cause,"comes the real forgotten, and another new and exciting building joy of life.

project was begun. About a half mile upstream from One of the great tragedies in life occurs when a man

the huts we started building a swimming pool. This completes his hut and has nothing more to do except

was to be the biggest, the deepest swimming pool in play in it, with no new huts to build. But there is an

the whole country—and we were going to build it. even greater tragedy—that tragedy which occurs when

More than twenty summers have come and gone a young man or young woman is handed a readymade since that day when playing in the huts was forgotten hut and told, "Now sit down and play in it and have a in favor of building the swimming pool. Some of the wonderful time all the rest of your life."The greatest

tragedy of life—the greatest creator of misery, the boys and girls lies a quiet expectation of being well

greatest threat to the American way of life is the taken care of by someone else all the rest of their lives."

mistaken notion that the "good life"is to be found in The recent study of America's youth conducted by playing in the hut after it is finished instead of in Dr. George Gallup and Mr. Evean Hill pointed out

building it ourselves. several startling things about the attitudes of our

So widespread has been the acceptance of the false young people. The major headings of the report give

notion that playing is the real fun that the great ready insight into its findings:

majority now expect someone else to do the building, "They'll settle for low success, won't risk high while they look anxiously about for the best place failure."

to play. We see vast numbers of people adopting the "We feel that nothing we do will make any

philosophy made famous in France during the reign difference."

of Louis XII when he let his able Prime Minister "Kids are lazy—everyone cheats every chance

George d'Arnboise do all the building while the king he gets."

played. It was then that the expression "Let George "I want something I can grasp—not beyond my

do it; he is the man of the time,"became famous. And reach."

today, more than ever before, the people of this nation "Goals?—our parents have achieved them all for us."

are saying, "Let George do it."The implication of The summary to the study describes the attitudes

this attitude reaches into every dimension of our of our youth this way:

society, but it is perhaps most serious in its influence "How did youth become so bland? So cautious?

among our youth. So selfsatisfied, secure, and unambitious? And are

Dr. James P. Cornette, president of West Texas they really so much different from the youth of

State College, in a recent address said: yesterday?... Youth themselves point out that they

"In the past twentyfive years I have seen six generaare different from their parents, and they don't hesitions of college students come and go. Each fall they tate to tell us why.

have been better fed, clothed and groomed, and "Said a Seattle boy, 'Our parents led a tougher better educated, too. But, along with all the good, we life—they fought a depression and a war. And they've

have done the bad thing of indoctrinating them with protected us. They've made sure that we have more

our own false ideal of the good life. For, each fall, than they had.''We're pampered.'An Eastern college

in the eyes of a constantly increasing number of those girl says simply, 'Of (Continued on page 208) 9 1 had never imagined that teaching little boys to read would bring forth anything but fine and farreaching results. Surely

our high level educators would hail these thoughts. And years

from now when I'm frumpy, whiteheaded, and reconciled to old maidishness, I may agree. But at present all this weighty

knowledge has caused me, Nancy Mason, nothing short of complete heartbreak.

Maybe it's because I'm only twentyfour, and I've spent my last two and a half years at Clayton Elementary School teaching a group of very sweet and enthusiastic first graders to read. And

maybe the shocking fact that I knew absolutely nothing about little boys and baseball added to my woe. For you see on

account of little boys and baseball, I have lost the only man

I ever loved.

Up until a month ago, with due respect to Clayton's selective choice of faculty, I had a very pleasant friendship with our sixthgrade orchestra teacher, Wess Sinclair. Wess is twentynine,

tall and lean with big sensitive brown eyes and, wearing one of his two flannel suits, he gives the impression of a solid, seriousminded music professor. Well, I thought so.

Anyway, Wess and I had this standing engagement for

Friday nights. In fact, every week for the past school year (for

I hadn't known him until last September) after he transferred to Clayton, we'd either go to a students'recital, band concert, or a musical movie. I guess this must have seemed boring to

others, for once my mother said, "Nancy, you ought to be having more fun and be thinking about getting married instead of burying your pretty nose in all that music."

Why, it wasn't too long ago that Mother made me practise my piano lessons two hours a day, and as for thinking about marriage, well, that just wasn't mentioned. But Mother's words

set me to thinking, and I formed sort of a plan like those quickie courses you learn in thirty days. Only since this was matrimony

I was interested in completing, I decided on sixty days (or the end of the school year ) Things started off all right. Wess and I got better acquainted

and marriage to Wess was definitely in my future. As for baseball it was the remotest thing from both our minds.

Then last month my sixty days to marriage and Wess took a turn for the worse. Poets say spring brings forth sunshine

and flowers; it also brought rain. Hoot Thompson our school

athletic director was lured back into playing professional baseball. He left Clayton Elementary two dowries. One, a

commitment that we would enter a team in the allcities baseball league, and two, some vague promises that S. C. Smith, sports

editor for our local paper would be assistant to the coach.

We only had one other male teacher on the faculty, and it seemed only appropriate that a man should coach a boys'baseball team. Even Miss Marple, our dowdy but lovable

principal declared, "It would be a big thing for Clayton to win

V * THE SPRING \ WE WON THE CHAMPIONSHIP BY SILVIA TIPTON V "/ V

k 4Ol.ft C

zmmmm

N the championship and bring home a gold trophy."I was patiently listening to my first graders recite

Well, it was only gold gilt, but Miss Marple was when he burst into the room. I gave a little cry of

overjoyed at the idea and so was everyone else. Thus sudden surprise, and the children grinned. In place

after many lengthy school meetings of the Clayton of one of his two sensible flannel suits was a dirty faculty it was decided that Wess Sinclair would be pair of denims and a faded gray sweat shirt with the relieved of the school orchestra so that he could coach words CLAYTON CATERPILLARS sprawled slugthe Clayton Caterpillars. gishly across the back in huge fireengine red letters.

Let me tell you this was quite a come down from But it was the little boy twinkle in his big brown eyes teaching twentyfive music loving boys and girls to that really shook me.

play Chopin, on a wide selection of instruments, to I guess Wess must have noticed my disbelief becoaching a baseball team like the Caterpillars. Especause he took a deep breath, removed his red baseball

cially since they were thought to be one of the worst cap and nervously rubbed the dirty toes of his white teams in the league. sneakers together. "This won't last for long,"he said

Yet Wess told me after the announcement, "I supbetween breaths. "As soon as we win the championpose I don't really mind. Oh, the orchestra was ship, I'll go back to being a sound and clean

coming close to doing something with Chopin's music professor."

'Polonaise,'but the school pays my board, and besides "Win the championship,"I choked, reaching for the there are only six weeks of school left."corner of my desk. How could he expect to win this

I felt sorry for Wess and tears filled my eyes when when all he knew about baseball was what he had

I thought of his giving up his music to coach the learned in a book and from S. C. Smith. Of course I

Caterpillars. But then a curious thing happened. Into didn't tell Wess this, partly because of the new sparkle

his big sensitive eyes came a childish twinkle. in his big brown eyes and partly because I didn't want

"You know, Nancy,"he concluded, "when I was a to make him unsure of himself and maybe miss the little boy I thought it would sure be great to faculty dance this Friday night because he'd have play baseball."to study some more.

Well, then I really did want to cry. My poor Wess. "Nancy,"he said, "do you suppose we could

Wess is like me in a way. He had studied music talk outside?"

all his life, having a cultureminded mother too, and I nodded and half smiled at my first graders. They

aside from the required gym courses he had never continued to grin as the door closed.

played competitive sports. I knew the job would be "Nancy, you've got to help me,"Wess stated

difficult, but I had faith in Wess and wanted to help. with desperation.

So I suggested, "Why not go to the library and get "I'd be glad to help you, Wess,"I said, thinking of some books on the game. You'll be able to get a my sixty days to matrimony.

pretty good idea about coaching from them."I had "I've got this boy,"Wess went on, looking every bit

always found the bookshelves of our school library the worried coach. "A real whizzer at bat. Just what

very helpful. the Caterpillars need to spur them on. Only he's

Wess solemnly went off to the dark, shadowy, aisles kind of slow in school. Well, not slow, either. He's

of our library. He also attended the spring coaching going to flunk sixth grade if we can't teach him

forum, accompanied by S. C. Smith our new assistant to read."

coach. Hopefully he entered the first week of base- "I'm sorry,"I said. "It's a shame he can't read. He

ball practice. certainly can't go to junior high with that kind

As I said, I had faith in Wess, and when I saw of handicap."

how hard he was studying the library books and how Wess raised an eyebrow. "Oh, there's more to it

tired he looked after practices, I suggested that aside than passing sixth grade. Why, Miss Marple says that

from the faculty dance, which was two weeks off, we unless he buckles down to work and brings up his should cancel our Friday night engagement until the marks he can't play baseball."

end of the season. That was the least I could do "That seems reasonable,"I answered. "He should

to help him. know how to read."

Well, naturally something had to go wrong. "Nancy, you don't seem to understand. The team

It was a week later when I finally saw Wess again. needs him. In fact (Continued on page 198)

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dear Mothers and Fathers: has a silver lining as the new missionary that replaces

him may differ in personal traits and character, but As a convert of a year and a month I would like to say, "thank you,"to all of you who have sons serving he is to be admired and respected as much as the one who just left. in the mission field, also to the parents whose sons

One of my constant prayers is that once a missionary have returned from their mission and those whose returns home he may remain worthy of the blessings sons are yet to leave.

and guidance of the Holy Ghost that he received

Although this is to all the parents, I would like while serving as a missionary.

especially to thank the parents the missionaries of

I look at so around When our as many youth of have with met who the first year and the six me in living are they I think today, pity that a what they prior to months my baptism.

all are not members The Christ Church Jesus of of

I have always meant to write a personal letter to with a definite goal in view instead of wandering aimthem in the past and let them know how many times lessly around the streets and highways.

I have thanked our Father in heaven for the mercy In this small city of Duncan, British Columbia, he has shown in directing his worthy servants to Canada, the missionaries are very much respected.

our home.

Although the people are slow to recognize the truth,

As one who has learned her lesson the hard way—by they do at least recognize gentlemen when they see

"trial and error"I had hoped someday to meet even them. For the past few years 1 have worked in close

just one person who was able to live a life in the contact with the general public, and I've heard manner that I felt it should be lived, or at least strive remarks passed that would make parents glow with to live a life free from blemishes. I have met many pride to feel that strangers would pay their sons such

wonderful people in the past, but there was always nice compliments. On the other hand there are the

something missing. I know now what that something odd few who have let jealousy and envy enter into

was; it was the gospel as taught by The Church of their hearts and who haven't cared enough to become

Jesus Christ. acquainted with the missionaries, but will stand off

To let you know how utterly ignorant I was of the at a distance and jeer or criticize. But J can even look

LDS people, up to the day that the missionaries called on this as a compliment in a roundabout way because on me, I had some vague idea that they were an odd of the fact that the only one whom a person ever little handful of farmers who lived in a secluded valley envies is someone who you feel is superior to you, somewhere in Utah. I hadn't connected religion with because we certainly do not envy those who have less

them at all. than we, especially if this is referring to happiness.

What a wonderful awakening I had the day 1 The example the missionaries set in living the gospel opened the door to the missionaries and what was the is beyond reproach. Their conduct at all times is what

beginning of my freedom. Freedom from one of the one would expect of godly people.

worst chains of bondage that Satan uses to torture us—In closing I would like to say, I never cease to

selfcondemnation and the knowledge that we could marvel at the mercy of our Heavenly Father in the aid have done better had we tried. he affords those who seek earnestly to do his bidding.

I don't know what your sons were like as ordinary So many times in the short period since becoming a civilians, but I do know that as messengers of the Latterday Saint it has been proved to me without word of God, they live up to their role handsomely. a doubt that the force of honest sincere prayer

Although I shall never have the honor of having a has no bounds.

son in the mission field, I can feel thankful to all of 1 am unable to express in mere words the gratitude you and proud to think that I can shake hands with I have in my heart to the missionaries for bringing me such worthy people. I hope someday to meet such the gospel, and 1 know they will receive their just

parents as yourselves, people who themselves must be reward in the celestial kingdom. But while they are

worthy in order to receive the blessings of such here I will do everything within my power to make wonderful children. their stay a pleasant one.

The only sad part of living in the mission field is Yours gratefully, that I can sign myself—

having to say goodbye after meeting and associating and getting to know a missionary. But that cloud also "Sister Stayner."

MARCH 1963 165:u '(Dcfc&A ntt

f4 t < y W&

/SV-&U>'

< % V -

rr %6 *&#>J Itnt -jfatluA 9jr.

& 6u %> "j-tZ,- HCC

0- y Id %c<Lv Some time ago, David H. Thomas of Salt Lake

I years as City, a friend many have known for: i f l c-A a/f CUfea/. MlcU of Sugar the UtahIdaho an employee Company—i t

but who has been lately retired—brought to my

office in the LDS Church Office Bldg., an old

n record book that had once belonged to his father, W<% f). * Charles J. Thomas. David explained to me that //'he wanted to present the book to the Church Y t r

Historian's Library, but before doing so he f/ja wanted me to see it, and he wanted to tell me... v. a little about his father's life and experiences.

David then briefly sketched his father's life as follows:

Charles J. Thomas was born in Burnley, Lancashire, England, on November 20, 1832. His

parents were Joseph and Margaret Spottswood

Thomas. When Charles reached the age of

seven, his father, who was an accomplished /f musician, began to teach the boy to play the tip. violin. Charles was an apt pupil, and when

he was nine years of age, he made his first appearance in public at the Royal Theatre in

Newcastleon-Tyne.

ir The father soon recognized that the boy had talent, and arrangements were made to send him to London to study with Professor Thirlwall, of

166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CHARLES J. THOMAS

EARLY GUIDE ON TEMPLE SQUARE PRESTON NIBLEY, assistant church historian the Royal Theatre Orchestra, Covent Garden. He in that busy metropolis he at once found work playing

remained with Professor Thirlwall until he was in one of the theater orchestras. The following year

graduated "with honor."the family continued their journey to Salt Lake City,

Then, in 1850, when he was seventeen years of age, first by train to Omaha, then walking or riding in a something happened that changed the course of his wagpn the one thousand miles across the plains.

life; he met elders representing The Church of Jesus The Salt Lake Theatre was being constructed when

Christ of Latterday Saints, and they taught him the Charles arrived in the city, and he later found work restored gospel. The result was that he believed the as leader of the Theatre orchestra. He held this

message and was baptized on September 1, 1850. position until 1865, when he was called by President

Charles J. Thomas now had an object in life that Brigham Young "to move to St. George in southern

he had never had before—he desired to unite with the Utah and teach the colonizers in that part of the

LDS people in Salt Lake City, but eleven years were country both vocal and instrumental music."He

to elapse before this opportunity was afforded him. responded to this call and remained in southern Utah

Meantime he continued his profession as a musician. until 1871, when he returned to Salt Lake City to

In 1853 he traveled to Scotland with an Italian Opera take charge of the Theatre orchestra and also lead

Company; in 1854 some of his own compositions were the Tabernacle Choir. In 1875 he received an addiplayed in London theaters. In 1858 he took part in tional appointment from President Young, to act as

the Handel Festival in London. In 1859 and 1860 custodian of the Salt Lake Tabernacle. In this work

he gave concerts with his own chorus of over one he was to meet tourists on the Temple Square, show hundred voices. them the grounds and interior of the Tabernacle,

And now in the spring of 1860, the opportunity answer their questions regarding the Mormon religion came to him to realize his greatest ambition—to emiand perhaps play a few hymns for them on the

grate to America. On May 11, 1860, with his mother Tabernacle Organ.

(who had become a widow) and his sister Margaret It was at this time that he purchased the book that (who later became the wife of Bishop George his son David brought to me, and I find the date

Romney), Charles sailed for New York City. Arriving written on the first page (Continued on page 202)

MARCH 1963 167 Threeroom home of the Prophet after right wing was added later. Two small girls in picture are still living.

(Fig. I.)

The center part of the house in Figure I was the Father Smith's home and arrived in Harmony, first home owned by Joseph Smith the Prophet. This Pennsylvania, in "December 1827,"tells nothing about

picture was taken in 1903 by Ralph B. Norton of the his midwinter journey in a wagon with his wife who

city of Susquehanna. The leanto on the left and the was to give birth to her first child in the early summer.

sixroom house on the right were not there when the This fourday journey of 128 miles southeastward,

Prophet at twentyone years purchased the place. The carrying his belongings and the sacred records, is

deed shows that he secured 13% acres of ground passed over without comment.

with the home from Isaac Hale, his wife's father, The mother, however, gives some details, telling for $200. that Emma had not seen her parents or brothers and

(Figures II and III are photographs of a model sisters since her marriage, January 18, 1827, almost a house drawn to the scale of one inch to one foot, year prior to this time Accordingly, Mother and representing Joseph Smith's home upon the SusqueFather Hale sent their son Alva, Emma's older brother, hanna River. This small home has been reconstructed with a team and wagon to bring Joseph and Emma

by architect Ralph B. Norton of Susquehanna City, a and their necessities to the Hale ranch to live in one

few miles from Joseph's old home. Mr. Norton had of Father Hale's homes.

been in the Prophet's home many times before it was The reader likely is familiar with the mob actions destroyed by fire. He had also the help of the two around Father Smith's home in New York that made

girls [now women] in figure one. The author is such a move necessary if the young Prophet was to

greatly indebted to these three for their many succeed at applying himself to the huge task of transletters and pictures.) lating the golden records.

The Prophet, writing that he and his wife left Reporting certain events of the Prophet's life during

168 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

IMPORTANT HISTORICAL EVENTS AT THE

PROPHET'S THREEROOM HOME UPON THE

SUSQUEHANNA RIVER, HARMONY, PENNSYLVANIA AN ANGEL VISITED THIS HOME BY CARTER E. GRANT, editorial associate

Drawing shows first floor arrangement of home. Bedroom

is ripper right. Front door is lower left. (Fig. II.)

the months of October and November 1827 at the Lord aided him greatly, and that in the very midst

Smith home, the mother writes, "After bringing home of spreading "persecution... we found a friend in a

the plates, Joseph commenced working with his father gentleman by the name of Martin Harris, who came and brothers on the farm, in order to be as near as to us and gave me fifty dollars to assist us on our possible to the treasure which was confided to his journey.... By this kindly aid was I enabled to reach

care."She adds that often "as soon as night came, the place of my destination in Pennsylvania,"and also,

the mob came also and commenced ransacking the very likely, to make a payment upon a small home place...."Such violence continued until Joseph was that he purchased immediately, standing about 450

on the move southward with his treasures, and even feet eastward from the pioneer home of Isaac Hale.

then his wagon was searched a time or two by ruffians (DHC, vol. 1, p. 19.)

before he had traveled many miles. Feeling inspired Various sources declare that Jesse, the eldest son

beforehand that his wagon might be searched by of Isaac Hale's five sons and four daughters, had mobbers, Joseph prepared for it by nailing the occupied this home for some time with his large treasures in a small box (the plates were about 6x8 family. However, he had now moved out West to

inches), which he placed at the bottom of a forty the state of Illinois where his family soon increased gallon barrel. He then filled the barrel with beans and to twelve children. The history of the Hale family

nailed down the lid. (For these events see Lucy informs us that Jesse and all of his brothers and

Smith, History of Joseph Smith, pp. 11819; George Q. sisters were buried in the state of Illinois. (See

Cannon, Life of Joseph Smith, p. 25; Carter E. Grant, Mary Audentia Smith Anderson, Ancestry and PosThe Kingdom of God Restored, pp. 5560.) terity of Joseph Smith and Emma Hale.

Reporting those days, the Prophet writes that the Although today no contract copy has been found

MARCH 1963 169 IH mmIff

ff/fJjMl

Scale model of Prophet's home by architect Ralph B. Drawing of headstone of Joseph and Emma Smith's first

Norton who visited and photographed the home in 1903. child buried in the McKune Cemetery near the Smith home.

Front view shows fireplace on west wall. Rear view shows Infant lived only a few hours.

bedroom that extended to edge of back porch. (Fig. III.)

that gives the terms of the sale of this Jesse Hale home stood that two homes had stood upon the Isaac Hale and 13V2 acres of ground to Joseph Smith, still the property—the pioneer home of Isaac Hale and the

author has a copy of the deed of transfer, showing Jesse Hale home. On page 100 of the first volume of

that the price Joseph paid for this farm was $200.00. this history, a picture of Joseph Smith's small home

The contract was completed by the Prophet and the with two large wings added is shown. The caption

deed signed by Isaac Hale and Elizabeth Hale, reads "Isaac Hale Home."Then follows this explanaAugust 25, 1830. tion: "Harmony, Pennsylvania, temporary residence

A very interesting signature on this deed, as a witof Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery, while transness to the transaction, is that of John Whitmer, one lating much of the Book of Mormon."Other

of the eight witnesses to the Book of Mormon. The writers have called this "seventeenroom home with

Prophet in his journal says that John at this time its three halls,"the home of the Prophet Joseph Smith, was living with Joseph and Emma. doing it without explanation, leaving the reader to

History shows that various recorders of church believe that this large home was once owned by history a quarter of a century ago, owing to the lack Joseph Smith.

of proper surveys, etc., as to the exact location of The records show that after Joseph Smith moved

some of the old buildings and foundations of historic to Kirtland, Ohio, he sold his threeroom on the Susvalue to the Church upon the Susquehanna River, quehanna, June 23, 1833, to Joseph McKune, a were often somewhat confused as to what took place Harmony neighbor, for $300. (The author has a copy

at each historic spot; for instance, as late as the pubof this deed, signed by Joseph Smith, Jun., and Emma

lishing of A Comprehensive History of the Church, Hale Smith.) Mr. McKune then moved his large

1930, by B. H. Roberts, it seems that it was not undersix-room home from the hill north of the cemetery

170 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Prophet's home after both wings were added. Right

wing was moved there by Joseph McKune shortly after purchasing the house from Joseph in 1833. The left wing

was added by Anliza Barnes in 1906. Entire structure

burned June 23, 1919. (Fig. IV.)

and joined it to the west end of Joseph Smith's home. bidder. This information is given to correct a stateLater, another owner of this enlarged house, Anliza ment that has been published to the effect that this

Barnes, in 1906, added an eightroom wing on the home purchased by the Mormons had been torn east, making a house of seventeen rooms and three down by vandals and carted away.

halls, including Joseph Smith's original home. There is a rather interesting statement about Emma

Records today state that the home where Emma Hale in The History of Susquehanna County, p. 254.

Hale, wife of the prophet and the first president of the It says that Emma Hale at the time of her marriage,

Relief Society of the Church was born, stood down January 18, 1827, at 22 years of age, was dark comthe road on the north side of the highway some 450 plexioned and attractive, was "... quite tall, of

feet from Joseph Smith's home. Today the old comely form and features, well educated, a fine singer,

foundation of the "burnedout Hale home"is still in and very sociable."

place, although the original foundation was greatly Mr. Rex B. Haws, now deceased, a son of Mrs.

enlarged by Miles Doolittle in the 1880's when he Haws, the woman standing in the doorway with her erected a ten or twelveroom home over the old Hale daughter in Figure I, gives this authentic descriphome. The author has a picture of the Doolittle farmtion of the Prophet's home: "The Joseph Smith home

house that stood upon the old farm at the time it was was built of lumber.... The floor downstairs was

purchased, June 15, 1948, by the LDS Church. Since of beautiful hardwood maple. When entering this

this old home later stood empty and was falling to house [from outside the front door on the northeast pieces, the president of the Eastern States Mission, corner] one came into a hallway."[Out of this hall

Elder George Q. Morris, had the house torn down in were two doors—one leading into the kitchen, the

195152. He then sold the old lumber to the highest other upstairs to an attic room] "the east end of

MARCH 1963 171

which,"he says, "was boarded off into a room with a Hale, was the wife of Jacob Skinner, who lived down window looking towards the east. I was told that the Susquehanna River about a mile from Emma's

Joseph Smith did a lot of writing in this room. home. He moved into these parts with his wife

"Another stairway underneath the attic stairway about thirteen years before Emma's baby was born.

[out of the kitchen] led down to a cellar underneath "I still had my play room in the translation room the house. There was a nice fireplace at the west upstairs,"writes Mrs. Harvey, "after it was made

end of the house, but this fireplace was removed when dark from the new house built on the east end of the

McKune moved another house there and joined it to Smith home in 1906. I had my little lantern on the

the Joseph Smith home. This house added to the origtable for light. It was such a nice room, and I loved

inal home was removed from the McKune property to play there. After this east addition was finished,"

on the hillside north of the McKune cemetery. she adds, "we had the whole house, really three

"As a boy and young man living in that home, I houses in one—seventeen rooms and three halls."She

have many pleasant memories. We milked ten to states that on "Monday night, June 23, 1919,"the large

twelve cows and had three horses. We farmed the house which was then "standing vacant, was destroyed

ground down around the Susquehanna River. This by fire."She believed that the fire was started by

land was very fertile and free from rocks. We raised sparks from "a hardlaboring engine puffing up the

wheat, oats, corn, and potatoes, and I remember heavy grade"a little more than a hundred feet south mowing clover that was as high as the horse's bridle. of the house.

We farmed the land around the river which has Mrs. Margaret Haws Lillie, August 19, 1962, wrote,

since grown up to trees and brush. "I am the girl by the wellcurb which first let me state

"There is a spring of good cold water just under was not where the well was, for the wellcurb had the brow of the hill south of the house, this spring been picked up and moved over there so it would is still there, running into a pipe just at the south of show in the picture. The well was behind the fence

Erie Railroad grade. [It still runs southward to the almost directly in front of the kitchen door where my

river near the place where the Aaronic Priesthood mother and sister were standing."Mr. Rex B. Haws

was restored.] wrote that it is doubtful that the well was there in

"About thirtyfive feet north of the house was a well Joseph Smith's time, for the Smiths, he thought, got of very cold water, and a dairy thermometer registered their water from the spring under the brow of the hill it as 34 degrees F. This well was thirty feet deep."owned for many years by the Erie Railroad Company.

Mrs. Helen Haws Harvey, a distant relative of Mrs. Lillie writes interestingly about the large baseEmma Smith by marriage, writes in a recent letter ment under their house, reached by a stairway from

that she is the girl standing by her mother in Figure I. the kitchen. "It was used for the storage of potatoes,

She reports that she was born in the very same room apples, cabbage, vegetables of all sorts, barrels of as was Emma Smith's first child, who was buried in cider to make vinegar, canned fruit, pickles, cream the McKune cemetery. "I do wish I could make you stored waiting to be churned, large jars of homeunderstand, Mr. Grant,"she writes, "the old sweet made butter for home use and to sell, a barrel or

memories I have of my birthplace and home for almost two of pork, etc."

twelve years—'the Joseph Smith home.'No other Mr. Ralph B. Norton, who reports that he had been

home can equal it."( Letter of August 20, 1962. in the basement of the Joseph Smith home many

In the same letter Mrs. Harvey states that from times before it was destroyed by fire, June 23, 1919,

what her ancestors said, who lived near at hand as states that the sides of the basement or cellar were well as from others in the community, the Mormon rockedup with mortar, and that these walls are still

Prophet used the secluded room upstairs for his "transin place although the basement is now filled with lation room."She adds that from "... the translation dirt. He adds that this room was eighteen by twentyroom upstairs I could see the small cemetery and the six feet, and that there were two windows on the

Smith baby's grave, buried in the next row from my north side of this large enclosure.

greatgrandmother, Rhoda Skinner, who was midwife Referring to the birth of Emma Smith's first child, at his birth,"meaning the birth of Emma's first child, a a boy, Mrs. Lillie confirms in these words the stateboy who lived but a few hours. The original headment of her sister: "My greatgrandmother Rhoda

stone still marking this little grave reads, "IN MEMSkinner was the midwife who assisted at the birth of

ORY OF AN INFANT SON OF JOSEPH AND the infant son of Emma and Joseph Smith. My

EMMA SMITH, JUNE 15, 1828."(See page 170.) grandfather Nathan Skinner often told us this about

This midwife, Rhoda Skinner, a relative to Emma his mother.... We (Continued on page 190)

172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Elder Joseph L.

Wirthlin Passes BY ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

RESEARCH EDITOR

About his Father's business until the last moment given him in mortality, Elder Joseph L. Wirthlin, former Presiding Bishop

of the Church, passed away January 25, in the LDS Hospital,

Salt Lake City, following a heart attack. With his son, Bishop

Joseph B. Wirthlin of the Bonneville Ward, he had gone to

the hospital during the noon hour to administer to a friend.

While inquiring for the room number, he was fatally stricken.

Upon hearing that Bishop Wirthlin had died despite all efforts available at the hospital, the First Presidency said:

"It is most significant that his final call home came while he was on an errand of mercy, going to the hospital to bless the sick. His whole life was thus dedicated to service to his

fellow men.

"We have a vivid recollection of Bishop Wirthlin as he presided over the Thirtythird Ward of this city and later as president of the Bonneville Stake, and indeed extending throughout his service as a member of the Presiding Bishopric of the Church, and ultimately for many years as Presiding selor, died October 7, 1946, and Bishop

Bishop of the Church. Wirthlin was called as first counselor,

"He was one of our leaders in the development of December 14, 1946, serving in that position the Church welfare program here in the city and throughuntil he succeeded Elder Richards as out the Church. His devotion to his calling and to the people Presiding Bishop.

of the Church cannot be minimized. During the nine and onehalf years he

"While he was Presiding Bishop of the Church, he had his presided as Bishop, thousands of young men greatest opportunity to demonstrate his greatness as a leader. who later served and are serving in the

Wherever he traveled throughout the Church, his influence as mission fields received their first priesthood a great spiritual leader was felt. He loved the Lord, and his activities under his direction as head of the

entire life was spent in serving the Lord and his fellow men. Aaronic Priesthood of the Church.

Throughout his life, and up to the moment of his passing, he He loved the great outdoors, and he loved exemplified the two great commandments: 'Thou shalt love his fellow man. He loved to ride with the

the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, cowboys who labor on the vast cattle ranges and with all thy mind.... Thou shalt love thy neighbour that are the church interests. He loved the

as thyself.'(Matt. 22:37, 39.) young men of the Church and was con-

"Among other groups, the blind will always be grateful cerned not only with their spiritual developfor the services he rendered them, and will long revere ment, but was concerned also with the his memory...."training of their hands and minds to use

At the time of his death, Bishop Wirthlin was serving as their time well. He knew intimately the

secretarytreasurer of the Deseret Title Holding Corporation, problems of his blind brothers and sisters a church financial position. in the Church and spent many happy hours

Bishop Wirthlin served as the eighth Presiding Bishop counseling them. It was said of him: "His

of the Church from the spring conference in April 1952 religion was of the everyday kind, such as is to the fall conference in September 1961. He was second registered in one's behavior on the farm, in

counselor to Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards from the office, at the factory, or wherever he

April 1938 to 1946. Bishop Marvin O. Ashton, the first counwas required (Continued on page 211)

MARCH 1963 173 Faith in God BY HENRY EYRING DEAN GRADUATE SCHOOL, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

PRESIDENT, AMERICAN CHEMICAL SOCIETY

MEMBER, NATIONAL SCIENCE BOARD

The more I try to unravel the mysteries of the world ferent light. Lucifer promised to bring salvation to

we live in, the more I come to the conception of a everyone whether he wanted it or not. Dictators

single overruling power—God. One can come to this have been operating in the same way from time impoint of view by prayer and the testimony of the Holy memorial, and never has there been a more concerted

Ghost or because there seems to be no other explanaeffort to take away free agency than in the modern tion of the unity and wonder of the universe, or by the communistic world where about one percent of the pragmatic method of science that the Savior suggested population rules through terror. Thus nonintervenlong ago—try it and you will know. tion in human affairs is not a sign of the absence of

I have often met this question: "Dr. Eyring, as a God or his disinterest. Rather it exemplifies one of

scientist how can you accept revealed religion?"The his greatest gifts, that of free agency which enables

answer is simple. The gospel commits us only to us to work out our individual salvation. If Lucifer were

the truth. The same pragmatic tests that apply in ruling the world, no one could doubt his presence.

science apply to religion. Try it. Does it work? The There is a related argument that interests me. One

conception of a God ruling the universe and consees good people cut off by death in their prime. This

cerned with how it works is impossible for me without seems to me to be evidence for a life after death. It is

the corollary that he should be interested in man—the impossible to reconcile such incompleteness with any

most remarkable phenomenon in the world. Being other idea than that we will live again and that what

interested in man it is natural to believe that he we have lost through no fault of our own will be made would provide a plan for man's development and up to us in full by a just God.

welfare. This plan is the gospel of Jesus Christ. The wonderful gospel plan as advocated by the

This immediately raises many questions. At best, Savior in the preexistence, known by his prophets

men are faltering and imperfect. The Savior stands through the ages, and announced by him during his

alone as the perfect example. When someone points personal ministry, has again been restored by the

out the waywardness of some believer and asks how Prophet Joseph Smith, and with it we have a rational this can be, there is an obvious answer. If it were not understanding of life. Eternal progression as a result

for the gospel, he would be even worse. The gospel of wise choices, and in general using our free agency,

is indeed the plan which the Creator of the universe gives this complete and satisfying explanation of the has devised to guide his children and bring them world we live in and the struggles we are called upon back to him. Through the ages he has chosen from to make. The success of man in sending satellites into

among his worthy sons prophets to act as guides to space is arresting evidence of the great capabilities his children. Today The Church of Jesus Christ of and destiny of man, the spirit child of God.

Latterday Saints is presided over by good and wise Speaking of myself, I as a humble man instruct men who instruct and counsel those who have the others. I am dedicated as a scientist and the only

wisdom to listen while choosing the good life. thing about a scientist is this, that he simply expects

In the great council a tremendous decision was the truth to prevail because it is the truth. He doesn't

made that man is to have his free agency. This brings work very much on reactions of the heart. The thing

with it many interesting problems, since the Lord's is, and it is something one cannot resent, that if it children often make unwise decisions with tragic is wrong, nothing can save it, and if it is right, it results. War and catastrophe to some people are cannot help succeeding.

taken as evidence against the existence of a God or at So it is with the gospel. I had the privilege of

least his unconcern for the evils that overtake man. I serving in a conference with four of my brothers and

think this should be thought of in a completely difsisters as a group, in which we undertook to answer

174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the questions the young folk might ask us. One of ruling. But God is so gentle, he is so dedicated to

the questions was addressed directly to me. The the principle that men should be taught correct

young man said: "In high school we are taught such principles and that they should govern themselves,

things as preAdamic men, and that kind of thing, that they should take the responsibility for their misbut we hear another thing in the Church. What takes, that men, his children, can actually question

should I do about it?"whether he exists. To me that, in itself, is one of the

I think I gave the right answer. I said, "In this testimonies of his existence. I cannot think of anyChurch you only have to believe the truth. Find out thing which more wonderfully typifies his mercy, his

what the truth is!"kindness, his consideration for us, his concern for us

If there is anyone who is trying to teach anything than that he does that with bonds that are like strongelse with any authority, this Church is not the least est steel but are so gentle that you cannot see them.

bit worried about that question or any other kind of I do know he exists. It is true, as great men have

question because the Church is committed only to the known throughout the ages, that this great world we truth. I do not mean to say that as individuals in the live in is governed by powers more powerful than

Church each one always knows the actual truth, but the powers of the world. I ask you to look at the

we have the humility sometimes to say we do not wisest man you know and ask yourself if you believe know the answers to these things. No Latterday Saint that he is the greatest intellect in the universe. Do

needs to worry about any question of that kind you think the tremendous order and wonderful things because the Church is committed to the truth. that have come into the world were created by someSome have said this to me: "Is there any conflict thing with no more understanding than this wise man

between science and religion?"Not in the mind of you know? Of course you do not. It is unthinkable.

God, but in the minds of individuals! Actually through I worship the supreme intelligence of the universe,

the eternities we are going to get closer and closer and I am convinced that, wise as men are—they have

to understanding the mind of God. done wonderful things—that the Creator of this uniIn that great council of heaven, already referred verse goes so far beyond anything that men understand

to, two plans were offered—one whereby the minds that it is ridiculous to talk of it in the same way. I

of men would be compelled to accept the truth. testify now that the people, so far as I have been

There would be no choice. Man would make no able to see, who study most deeply into scientific

error. The other was the plan set forth by God in things are also of that persuasion.

which men would have their free agency. They I close by bearing my testimony. The Prophet

would have the right to decide between the Church Joseph Smith was indeed inspired in restoring the of God and all other ways of operating in the world. gospel of the Savior as is shown by the way it works

You know that God rules from heaven. He does in men's lives. Since all truth has a single source,

it with such silken threads you think he has often lost the apparent conflicts that often trouble us reflect the reins. Some people do not even know he exists. only our incomplete understanding and must evenOthers wonder whether he exists. I have often tually be happily resolved. Eternal progress is man's

thought that a condition like this would never be destiny. May the Lord help us always to live in

made if a dictator like Hitler or Khruschev were accordance with his teachings.

The Mexican Revolution cut across the life of

Henry Eyring's family, sending them to the

United States. In this, Dr. Eyring's country

now, he has become recognized for his scholarship and research. Twice he has received signal honors—from the National

Research Council in 1932 and from the

Research Corporation in 194.9.

February 11, 1963, as this Era goes to press,

Dr. Eyring received the highest award of the

Society—theCalifornia sectionGilbertof theNewtonAmericanLewisChemicalAward.

GENEALOGY couple on your pedigree chart.

DON'T START RESEARCH...UNTIL

If you find a sheet relating to one of your families, copy the information from it. Then

see who submitted the sheet and write to him (if you haven't already done so) asking him if he has additional data.

Don't Start Research...

... until you have checked to see if others

may have carried out research on any of your pedigree lines, You have already checked with relatives through your newly formed Family Organization for any information they may have.

Now let's see what else we can do to prevent the possibility of duplication.

on microfilm, in the early church information file.

Check in the Church Record Archives at the

Genealogical Association in Salt Lake City.

Here are over U million group records of famiThe next step is to check in the library, in the lies. Maybe the record of some of your ancespatrons pedigrees and family group records

tors will be among them. You'll never know

until you check.

Next have a check made in the Temple Records

And so, check for a family group record of each Index Bureau. You can't actually search in

176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA these records personally, but the Information You may find valuable information about your and Public Service Department at the Geneancestors in records such as these.

alogical Association will be able to help you here.

Warning

These three steps, says Mr. Genealogy, complete

what we call the Research Survey—designed

A word of warning regarding the information to accomplish two important items.

on the family group records and pedigree 1. To obtain as much information as possible

charts you may find as a result of your searches! about your ancestry without doing any actual

Check the correctness of the information reresearch.

corded! Don't accept it merely because it's on 2. To eliminate the possibility of duplication of

file in the Archives or the Library. Use the research work by finding out what others have

data as leads and clues to searches in original done on your pedigree.

records.

J - JL 4

If only everyone starting research work would

No one shoidd do actual research until he has carry out a research survey, appeals Mr. Genefirst checked in the Archives and the Index alogy, he would never have the unhappy

Bureau. experience of wasted time and money spent in

Do you know, says Mr. Genealogy, that one duplicating work others have done.

out of every five family group records subAnd think of the thousands of dollars spent in mitted to the Genealogical Association is a checking and returning duplicated work.

duplicate of one already "on file in the Archives!

PATRIARCHAL BLESSIMGS Mf6J?AJi0MRECORPS

WARD OBITUARY Ex BRAWCH NOTICES RECORDS

Of course, there are those ivho either live too far away from Salt Lake City to carry out a The third step—LDS Church Records. Consider Research Survey personally or who are unable

such records as: 1. Patriarchal Blessings; to do so for other reasons.

2. Obituary Notices; 3. Emigration Records; Such people can have this preliminary work

.4. Ward and Branch Records; 5. Temple carried out for them through a Research SurRecords, etc. vey, details of which will be presented later.

MARCH 1963 177 'J0*fr*

/MM/GRANTS TO **P>* NAUVOO BY STANLEY B. KIMBALL

sMwawawaaiitwiiOM?

..-Jmdni

The first foreign mission of the Church began when Elder Kimball felt "forcibly led"to the Moons. This

Heber C. Kimball and associates landed in England time he was enthusiastically received and shortly

July 20, 1837. 1 Nine months later there were between afterwards baptized Matthias Moon, his wife Alice

1,500 and 2,000 members of the British Mission. Since Plumb Moon, and their four daughters, Hannah,

that time tens of thousands of converts have immiDorothy, Lydia, and Alice. Sometime later the rest

grated to this country—first to Nauvoo, later to Utah. of the family consisting of five sons was baptized.

This flood of immigrants began with a company of Their names were Richard, William, John, Thomas, fortyone under the direction of Elder John Moon. and Hugh. Elder Kimball reports that the sons

Sometime in November 1837, Heber C. Kimball were good musicians and the daughters were

went to the village of Wrightington in Lancashire excellent singers.

(near Preston, which was then church headquarters Before Elder Kimball left England, April 20, 1830, in England ). On the way he stopped at the home of he had baptized about thirty of the Moon family.

a Francis Moon, a member of the Church. There he The five sons of Matthias were all ordained to be

learned that the family of Matthias Moon had "sent a "fellow laborers,"or missionaries.

request for me to visit them."2 He did so, but felt For the next several years various members of the

that the family was prejudiced against the gospel. Moon family worked to spread the gospel. At a genSeveral days later upon his return from Wrightington, eral conference of the Church held in Preston on

178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA April 15, 1840, for example, Elder John Moon reprenear Allegheny City, not far from Pittsburgh. While

sented the Church at Daubers Lane neighborhood, there their Uncle Henry Moon died January 19, 1841

Elder Francis Moon at Blackburn, and Elder John at age seventyone. Their brother Thomas also died

Moon at Leyland Moss. 3 on October 2, 1841.

After the death of Father Matthias in 1839, his wife From St. Louis they took a riversteamer and

and some of the children and other members of the arrived at Montrose, Iowa, (opposite Nauvoo) April family decided to immigrate to the United States. 16, where they immediately moved into a log cabin

Accordingly they left their home in Penwortham for about half a mile from the river. 8 Shortly afterwards

Liverpool on May 20, 1840, where the Moon family they all took sick with the fever from which their became the core of the first company to leave Engmother Alice Moon died August 14, 1841 at Montrose.

land. The company consisted of Alice Moon, her Hugh was ordained a high priest in the Masonic

brotherin-law Henry Moon, her sons John and Hugh, Hall at Nauvoo January 12, 1845, and John was called seven others of her family, Francis Moon, another on a mission to Maine. In April 1846 he moved to

Henry Moon, William Sutton, William Sitgraves, Nauvoo where he married Maria Emeline Mott, a

Richard Eaves, Thomas Moss, Henry Moore, Nancy daughter of Able Mott of Montrose.

Ashworth, Richard Ainscough, and twenty other memDuring the mobbings at Nauvoo in 1846, he, his bers of these families. 4 This company was officially wife, two sisters, and a brother John, moved back to

organized by Brigham Young and others of the CounMontrose. In May of 1848 Hugh made himself a

cil of the Twelve on June 1, 1840, Brigham Young's wagon and moved his family west. He fell in with

thirtyninth birthday. 5 the Moses Witeer company which later joined Amasa

This company under John Moon was blessed by Lyman's company, and they all reached the valley

Heber C. Kimball and Brigham Young and given of the Great Salt Lake October 18, 1848. 9

directions on how to reach Nauvoo. John Moon's Apparently John Moon remained behind in

younger brother Hugh was instructed by Elder KimMontrose for some time. The record says that he

ball to keep a record of their trip to Nauvoo. Since died of cholera en route to Salt Lake City on July 12,

his comments are very brief they are here quoted. at age fortyfive. This would place the year of his

"June 6, about four o'clock we were let loose in death in 1854.

the river and set sail. June 7, Sunday most of us were When this first company of converts arrived in New

sick, June 8, we had a strong boisterous wind. June 9, York City, 1840, they sent a notice back to England

some of us began to be a little better. of their success which was printed in the Millennial

"From this time until the eighteenth of June we Star, September 1840. It reads: "When thousands

had much sickness and seasickness, and flucks. Had and tens of thousands are emigrating from this land

a strong head wind. June 19, the passengers were to America, New Holland, etc., hoping by their inaroused to much excitement by the sailors beating dustry to get a morsel of bread cheaper, and easier

the old cook. The Captain and First and Second than they now do, and thus escape the miseries of

Mates were called. They laid hold of the sailor who hunger which some are already enduring, we rejoice

began the fight to put him in irons, but all the balance that a few poor Saints find it in their hearts and can took sides with him. After quite a stir they got the get the means to do likewise."

sailor quieted down again. June 28, we had a fine The second company of 200 converts left Liverpool

day, but much sickness again. July 2, we got to the on the North America September 7, 1840 under the

banks of New Foundland, saw fishing craft, bought direction of Elder Theodore Turley and William Claysome fish. July 17, we cast anchor in the sight of the ton. The third and last company for that year left

city of New York. We stopped in the river two days, October 15th on the Isaac Newton with fifty Scotch

then came to the city, stayed in the city eight days."6 Saints. They sailed for New Orleans, a more direct

During the eight days in New York City, Hugh, and less expensive route since it was an all water at least, stayed with some members of the Church journey via New Orleans up the Mississippi to Nauvoo.

there, the Addison Everett family. 7 On July 28, the Thereafter the New Orleans route was the main one.

company started overland for Nauvoo. They took This change of routing was undoubtedly the result

steamboat and train for Philadelphia, and slowly proof a letter which Joseph Smith wrote in October 1840 ceeded by way of Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, and St. Louis. to the twelve in England in which he said, "I think

They arrived in St. Louis April 21, 1841, after nearly that those who came here this fall did not take the

nine months on the way from New York. best possible route, or the least expensive."10 Brigham

They had done no traveling between August 21 Young himself directed all migration until April until April 3, but spent the winter in Pine Township 1841 when he returned to Nauvoo. By that time

MARCH 1963 179 armour of God,"to beware of "some whose tongues op NEW.VORK. IHHTRICT OF.SEWIOBSL-PORT

oil, are smoother than but of asps the poison is under (to?n!-):n i***Mwtri their tongue."that says find He they would Fa*nfr.::wfe*trflwK*-oA.. 't some am,ttW: wrfwnr-fotinw2bSnfpl*tw* r<? civ* rfiW(t.tta*.*&&<&

w-4# *\ who are wicked and deceitful. 11

'aw w jow(*! *ti. In spite of this frank advice so many converts

to desired that emigrate it taxed the to take Church

NAM. - -*! ',-'/'1..J/,. urr care of and to absorb them into them the economy

:'>; /,\ &>;; > 3 <- of the harassed and persecuted stakes in and around /

Nauvoo. In relation to this problem the Council of

the Twelve, just before they left England for their return trip to Nauvoo, wrote a General Epistle to the Saints in England on April 15, 1841, setting forth the following advice and admonition.

"It will be necessary, in the first place, for men of capital to go on first and make large purchases of land, and erect mills, machinery, manufacturies, etc.,

so that the poor who go from this country can find employment. Therefore, it is not wisdom for the poor

to flock to that place extensively, until the necessary preparations are made. Neither is it wisdom for

those who feel a spirit of benevolence to expend all their means in helping others to emigrate, and thus all arrive in a new country emptyhanded. In all

settlements there must be capital and labor united, in order to flourish.... Building cities cannot be

done without means and labor.... We would also

exhort the saints not to be in haste, nor by flight, but to prepare all things in a proper manner before they migrate."12

One of the last things the apostles did before leaving

England was to appoint Elder Amos Fielding as "agent of the Church, to superintend the fitting out of the Saints from Liverpool to America."18 This was

occasioned by the fact that many Saints had been robbed and cheated by pickpockets and others who took advantage of their poor judgment and inexperience while in Liverpool awaiting ship. This step

eventually led to the chartering of vessels for the listed sailed, the the time dateJournals name of the of purpose of saving passage money, buying provisions it sailed, the group port the whichthe ship and from leader, number of Saints aboard, and the port of entry, wholesale, and avoiding bad company, and ultimately popular of which was New Orleans at the mouth of the creation of to the the Perpetual Emigrating FundMississippi River.

14 which functioned to 1887. from 1849

1,020 converts had migrated. Such is the story of the first immigrants to Nauvoo.

Francis Moon, uncle of John and Hugh, wrote two Incomplete records show that over 3,300 British conletters back to England entitled "Advice to Emigrants."verts migrated to Nauvoo by the time of the exodus

In the second one, printed in the Millennial Star in west in 1846. 15 The strength and faith of these conFebruary 1842 he warned future emigrants in a verts did much to build up and fortify the Church

candid fashion that they would face difficulties and during the period of persecution when Joseph Smith advised them to lay in a "good supply of patience,"was murdered and the Church was driven by mobs to have "great courage,"and to put on the "whole from Nauvoo. (Continued on page 209)

ISO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NATURE'S SPACEMEN

A learned mind in secret place

Explores the mystery of space.

With skills sweat out of text and school,

He orbits craft with solid fuel.

The legend of our age relies On signals born beyond the skies.

While earthlings struggle with dimension,

A countdown passes without mention.

A milkweed in unchartered place

Launches a legion into space.

BY DOROTHY OAKLEY REA

Celestial Culture Envisions Celestial Personality BY HAL G. FERGUSON, principal, ogden (utah) seminary

Imagine that while you were yet a youngster, you had been whisked away from your parents and reared in a country completely strange to you. How different would

you be from what you are now: your language, dress, entertainment, and sports;

your sense of humor, standards of courtesy and etiquette, as well as your goals in life? Would the things which now seem important to you still be important? Of a certainty you would speak another tongue and have a different relationship with your

parents, brothers, and sisters. You would probably be very happy with a diet of foods

which you couldn't even conceive of as nutritious at the moment. You would feel comfortable in a type of clothing which might seem ridiculous to your present blood and

kin. Perhaps the things for which you are now striving would not even appeal to you

as goals. Physically, however, you would appear about the same as the relatives you

had left behind.

From this exercise of the imagination, one can grasp a little of the tremendous power which culture possesses toward molding one's personality.

CONDUCTED Although it is quite impossible to give precise answers to many questions concerning heredity, it would seem that where one may have received the greatest hereditary

BY THE potential for development, very little will actually take place if no cultural seedbed is

UNIFIED provided in which to develop this personality. From the foregoing illustration, the

CHURCH great power possessed by culture toward developing and shaping human personality

SCHOOL is obvious. Of course, the raw material varies because of other factors such as the

SYSTEM qualitative differences of spirits and certain biological hereditary factors.

Looking around, we note that manmade objects of a certain class have many things in common, yet many different features; for example, all automobiles have many things

in common, yet they have many features peculiar to their own make. These various

designs, both similar and different, have been pressed into the metal, and thus, depending on the type of mold into which the metal is pressed, a variety of designs come forth.

In a sense, it seems that culture could be likened unto a mold which produces many similar yet different characteristics. The language which we speak, standards of

conduct, and many of our goals and aspirations tend to be similar. Yet the immediate

culture of each person has much variety, which molds into each individual many characteristics differing greatly from those of anyone else. It seems that some cultures are

able to mold into the raw, human material those traits which more nearly approximate the highest potential of the individual.

In God's revealed culture plan, he has abundantly supplied opportunity for specific experiences that will bring about highly desirable personality traits in his obedient children. It has been shown that specific cultures produce particular personality traits.

Judging from God's own promises, it is possible for normal individuals to develop the celestial personality traits with which he is endowed. However, this cannot be done

in a haphazard way. Specific behavior patterns in thought and expression must be

adopted. Particular ways of considering things; (Continued on page 224)r i

L MARCH 1963 183 CONFERENCE DE PARIS 1946

BY JOSEPH H. PORATH

Today the world is in a turmoil; strife and unrest seem to be everywhere. Never

have the powers of evil been harder at work to oppose justice, humanity, and unselfish love of God and our neighbor. The quest for peace is universal, but:

"The way of peace they know not; and there is no judgment in their goings;

they have made them crooked paths: whosoever goeth therein shall not know peace."

(Isaiah 59:8.)

Peace is not found in selfishness, but in striving to help make the world better and happier. America, its leaders, and the majority of free nations have this goal in mind.

They are trying unselfishly to help those nations and peoples who are endeavoring to throw off their yokes of oppression and serfdom. Certain other governments with

their lust for power are doing everything possible to bring these peoples and nations into their servitude. These same governments have aligned themselves with the powers

of darkness. They deprive their peoples of the worship of God, and they deny Jesus

Christ, the Son of God. To solve world problems with two such opposing forces at

the conference table becomes difficult, if not impossible. President David O. McKay

said at one of the conferences of the Church: "I believe that every world problem

may be solved by obedience to the principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ."Let us

examine ourselves in this regard. Do we obey and live in accordance with the principles of the gospel individually? Do we follow the precept of our Lord Jesus Christ?

The Lord has given this warning:

"... verily I say unto you, O inhabitants of the earth: I the Lord am willing to

make these things known unto all flesh;

"For I am no respecter of persons, and will that all men shall know that the day speedily cometh; the hour is not yet, but is nigh at hand, when peace shall be taken

from the earth, and the devil shall have power over his own dominion.

"And also the Lord shall have power over his saints, and shall reign in their

184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SlCKEL

!I

WMlBi:

THERE IS NO PEACE, SAITH THE LORD, UNTO THE WICKED"*

midst, and shall come down in judgment upon Idumea, The preamble to the United Nations Charter reads or the world."(D&C 1:3436.) in part: "We the peoples of the United Nations deterAs a nation we pray for peace. Man has little mined to save succeeding generations from the

power of himself to supply his needs and solve his scourge of war,... and to confirm faith in fundaproblems, therefore he turns to God for the necessary mental human rights, in the dignity and worth of the

help. In the words of former President Eisenhower: human person, in equal rights of men and women

"Personal prayer, it seems to me, is one of the simple and of nations large and small,... and for these ends

necessities of life, as basic to the individual as sunto practice tolerance and live together in peace with shine, food, and water.... A thousand experiences one another as good neighbors, and to unite our

have convinced me beyond room of doubt that prayer strength to maintain international peace and securmultiplies the strength of the individual and brings ity,..."If all those governments who signed this

within the scope of his capabilities almost any conworthy document would abide thereby, this world ceivable objective."Why then shouldn't prayer help would be a peaceful place. But communistic nations

the righteous to combat the powers of evil? would like to destroy this organization, or revamp it

Peoples of all nations, regardless of the belief of for their own sinister purposes.

their rulers, are crying for peace. But the governGeneral Eisenhower, who is truly a man of peace,

ments of some are opposed to the only way it can inaugurated a project in September 1956, which was come about. President Calvin Coolidge truly said: called the "People to People Partnership Program."

"... the government of a country never gets ahead The purpose of this was to establish a means by

of the religion of a country.... The real reforms which the common people of the United States and

which society in these days is seeking will come as a their counterparts in other lands might establish result of our religious convictions or they will not personal friendships. Many hundreds all over the

come at all. Peace, justice, humanity, charity—these world have come forward to participate in this

cannot be legislated into being. They are results of project, and the individual contacts thus formed are

a divine grace."doing much to meet the need for understanding

"Isaiah 48:22. between peoples which (Continued on page 210)

MARCH 1963 18S The big strapping lumberjack at my dinner table agreed with me that a woman of our acquaintance was (in my words) a "lady.""Lady,"he repeated

softly, "the prettiest word in the English language."

The fervor (or was it reverence?) with which he

spoke caused me to think many times afterward of what he had said. When with friends, I began to

ask casually, "What do you think is the prettiest word in the English language?"the questioning developed

into a game with me (the term "research"is too academic), and I began to set down my findings.

The question never failed to arouse thought. At

times it received an immediate answer, as though it had been decided long ago in the person's mind. At

other times, my friends walked up and down or sat for a period of time with chin in hand, arriving at a conclusion. Some asked for the opportunity to

think the matter over before answering. The majority

came back in a flash with this question: "Do you

refer to the word I think has the prettiest sound, or the one that means the most to me?"After a time,

BY DORIS A. PAUL I decided to make two lists, placing the words in the

two categories: sound and meaning.

In some cases the two were so closely related they crossed the line between. For instance, a doctor

friend, who has a great love for beauty, finally arrived at the word "moonglow."He admitted that, although

the sound of the word is soft and satisfying to the ear, he may like it because it paints for him a picture of the view from the wide window of his beautiful lake home on a lovely summer night.

My daughter likes above all others the word "pink."

She likes the sound of the word, the actual color, and associations it calls to mind.

Longfellow liked the word "May."He said, "May

is a perfumed word. It is an illuminated initial. It

means youth, love, song."

Author of the song lyrics for the stage and movie hit,

West Side Story, had both sound and meaning in mind when he wrote for one character the song, "Maria":

"Maria! When it is loud it is like music;

When it is soft, it is like a prayer."

In response to a written inquiry on words that I sent to a friend of mine who teaches at the Royal

186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Academy of Dramatic Art in London, I received the England wrote: "I do not think that in the whole

following comments: length and breadth of England, there is a more

"I don't think the English language is 'pretty'—at beautiful name—'St. Anthony in Roseland.'"

least isolated words. English is too hard. Hear us When I asked a woman friend about her favorite

sound the word 'bell'—hard and cold; and the finish word, she quoted the following from an unknown

of the word stops all argument. But say the Italian poet (that is, she couldn't remember the source):

word bella and what happens? The a carries the word "Words are things that lift on wings—those who beaway—out into the world like a message. lieve them true."Then after some thought she gave

"I think the prettiest word is 'propinquity.'It has me her word: "faith."

a sound of overdressing, but pleasantly so; a little A person's profession or trade might influence his

fussy, but light and cheerful like someone walking choice of word when meaning only is involved. In

with light steps. But the language really lends itself the play, Tiger at the Gates, a character says, "To a

to the handsome solid words. I love saying 'irrevsoldier, the most beautiful word is courage."To a

ocable.'It rolls like a sea full of r's and then ends doctor or nurse, "health"or "life"might come to mind.

simply with no nonsense; the tide of r's has receded. A quotation from an advertisement in The New Yorker

"I like the word 'heart.'I like it to sound as if it magazine led me expectantly to the end of the

comes from the heart, so I place it low in the throat sentence where I was let down with a thump! "There

and breathe it out rather slowly. are words that laugh and words that cry, but one

"What a pity the word we* use most—'love'—is such word sings and dances and makes love to the mind.

a matterof-fact schoolmaster word. The French make The word we mean is 'grapes.'"To a wine merchant,

it warm and intimate with amour."perhaps it is a word that makes love to the mind.

Richard Carey, my friend in London, with his love To a lecturer who travels extensively all over the for r's, might agree with a friend of mine in America world, and to a very domestic woman of my acquaintwho listed the following as the prettiest words in the ance, the word "home"led the list. Another lecturer

English language: ripple, spring, ring, and April. gave me the word "tranquility,"and its cousin "serenAnother voted for "murmur."ity"was offered to me by two other people.

One woman begged to give me two words together The wife of my doctor (whom I've already meninstead of one: "sonorous cadence."tioned) likes above all others, the word "friend."

A psychology professor like the word "diaphonous,"Other words given to me all of which refer to certain and his wife, "scintillating"and "chimerical."admirable attributes of character are: thoughtfulness,

Rhythm in a series of syllables plays a part in the kindness, and understanding. "Peace"came into the

appreciation of a word as may be noted in some alpicture once.

ready mentioned. An addition in this category is the A minister of music in a church said that the word

word "tintinabulation."he likes most to hear is "good."He likes to hear it

Two people (a man and a woman) suggested the when he has done something that pleases members of word "snow."Other words in the "sound list"are his family, employers, or members of his audience. It

"echo,""crystal,"and "dawn."I'm not sure about the is better than "wonderful"which might be insincere,

basis for the choice of a man who makes his living exaggerated, or lightly spoken. It is a word he can

writing and producing television commercials. His say when he has achieved a hardgotten goal.

favorite word is "thou.""But the greatest of these is love"—as might be

Two names of towns fall into place here. Some expected, this is the word that topped them all in

time ago a group of speech specialists agreed that number. Men and women, young and old, depend

the word "Winona"is one of the most musical in our on it so completely in their everyday living, it comes language. H. V. Morton, in his book In Search of to mind first almost always, with others following.

MARCH 1963 187 Suddenly the curtain began to open, and the sixteenyear-old girl who stood on the stage waiting for hercue started to panic. Standing there in the wings she Drama

could see unfamiliar footlights which only partially blocked out the audience—that sea of faces, people

she knew but didn't know. She heard the chairs set

on the amusement hall floor shift slightly and watched the footlights and thought, "I have no business here."

"Here am I,"she said to herself as she had said so many times before, "nothing but a homely child with no talent. I shouldn't be here. It ought to be

my sister. Everybody knows she can do it. But

not me. I can't do anything. Everybody knows

that."Momentarily she cast a dark glance toward the

director. "What did she want to embarrass me for?

Why did she tell me her hard luck story? I never

would have tried out except that... well she seemed

to need me. But it's no good I can't...."

At that point the curtain was open and through the gloom of her thoughts and the trance of staring into the footlights the girl heard her entrance cue. Automatically she walked onto the stage. She forgot how

heavy her makeup had felt the moment before. Her

first speech, well rehearsed painstakingly for weeks, started to come out. Then she forgot the lights and pletely her ward drama director asked her again,

the audience. She was at home again, out of the not from urgent need this time but from proven

confusing world of growing up and amid familiar ability. The shy young girl who had thought herthings on the stage and familiar lines which she had self an "ugly duckling"found herself saying: "Yes,

learned until they were hers. I'll be glad to,"instead of, "I'm sorry I just couldn't"

The play went on from scene to scene and from as she had so many times before.

act to act. The girl who was just plain Mary And she worked hard this second time. Looldng

offstage was living her lines. For one short night back she says "There seemed to be a new sense of

she was living in a wonderful makebelieve world power flowing through my veins. Power to command

where she fitted without awkwardness. my stubborn self to do things I knew I couldn't do."

Then the last curtain closed, and the applause In this story of one person, repeated with variations rang out. Somehow every sound of the appreciative thousands of times each year, are found the story

audience seemed to say to her, "I knew you could and purpose of drama in the Church. The total

do it! I knew you could do it."She smiled, and number of participants is impressive. The number of

when she left the church house and walked through plays produced is phenomenal in comparison with any the night to her home in a little Idaho town, she known program of its kind.

was walking on clouds with the applause ringing Last year the houselights dimmed and the curtain in her ears all the way. That night she lay in her went up more than 16,236 times in the wards, stakes,

bed, but sleep did not come for she was living and and missions of the Church. Some 123,379 people

reliving the night. performed on the stage with more than 30,822 taking

Years later this little girl was to become a wife, their turns behind the scenes as backstage help.

mother, and stake drama director. Looking back she In one of the world's most extensive recreational

would write, "It was such a good feeling to have been drama programs, the MIA produced about 6,236 plays needed and better yet to measure up. The stars in and more than 10,000 roadshows, skits, and blackouts,

my eyes lasted for weeks. Just thinking of it caused reaching audiences of hundreds of thousands.

a flutter in my chest, and I'd have to smile."But the real value lies in the one—the young man

This first part was one she had taken because the or woman who finds "new power"in himself; the one

leading lady had dropped out after the play went mother, father, or grandmother who finds new life into rehearsal. Before the applause had died comin creation of a character; the one man or woman

188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA learn little if she directed. Consequently she assumed

responsibility for technical coordination and proin the MIA duction details, and asked a more experienced person

BY MOANA B. BENNETT to direct.

This person was Joan Leigh, a director of many years'experience in MIA drama and with some background of formal training.

Together they chose a play, one which Sister Leigh had directed previously, the Book of Mormon story

Them Also I Must Bring. This dramatization of the

events concerning the coming of Christ to the

American continent was written by Ruth and Nathan

Hale, division drama directors in Southern California, and published by the MIA.

Then, following the suggestion of the drama manual, they proceeded to recruit ward drama directors in key roles and for key production jobs. From this

beginning they branched out and filled in the rest of the cast and production staff.

Taking their cue from the subject matter of the play, Sister Evans reports that the cast and production staff approached their roles and assignments prayerfully and seriously.

After blocking the play carefully, Sister Leigh in the audience who sees life in sharper focus from worked her cast hard and with equal tenacity and a play well done. attention to detail, Sister Evans followed through

Almost automatically the number of participants on the production side.

will grow as the Church grows, for drama is a part of As a result everything was ready when the cast the recreational pattern of the Church. was prepared. That means that before dress reEach of the plays and each of the other productions hearsal or opening night, Henry Leigh, the technical

represent a tremendous effort in hours spent in redirector and lighting manager, worked countless hours hearsal and in energy expended on myriads of proexperimenting with the lights to get proper effects;

duction details. In many cases this energy and these Richard Downward, the sound engineer, checked

hours result in genuine creative achievement. and rechecked the microphones, seeing to it that they

One such play was the recent Bountiful South were properly placed and correctly amplified; Ken-

(Utah) Stake production of Them Also I Must Bring. neth J. Ariatti, music coordinator, took the time to

The stake had a relatively new stake drama director select music which would intensify the mood and

Normalee Evans, with a background in dance but not tempo as it was used; Ronald Eggett, stage manager,

much training in drama. organized a crew that could and would work toThe Drama Guide called for a stake play to be gether; and Sharolyn Cole, costume and stage

calendared in the spring at the option of the stake designer and coordinator, designed and executed the but strongly recommended by the general boards. designs for a set and costumes consistent to the play.

In the director's Handbook it said the stake play Under the watchful, helpful direction of Sister should be an artistic, quality production which proLeigh, the cast learned lines and movements. With

vided an opportunity of expression for those in the more than average success the beginners and the stake most interested in drama. Also, the manual experienced performers found themselves forgetting

said, such a play would help upgrade the drama work their own personalities and assuming a new charbeing done in the stake and the Church; and it acter for a time.

would be an excellent training project for ward With the aid of the costumes and the remarkably directors. effective makeup of Jury Toone and his crew, the

Taking the problem up with her stake executives cast took on new identities. Nancy Peters became

Sister Evans got a date and a modest budget. Because Zara; Susan Anderson, Doni; Grant Butters, Zarahah;

of her own inexperience she decided others could Edison Butters, Mortoni; (Continued on page 206)

MARCH 1963 189

An Angel Visited this Home south, and since I was born in the I can't tell you how many trees, but same room as Emma's first child, I there was a number of varieties.

( Continued from page YI2 ) always tended the little grave and Among them were my favorite placed flowers on it. It seemed part luscious northern spies. There were

of my home duty."Then she adds, also cherries, plums, and crab apple

lived in the Joseph Smith home "My grandfather's sister married trees, and lots of wild raspberries from February 12, 1898 to November Isaac Hale's brother,"which brought on the hill....

1909."(See Nathan Skinner's pic- a relationship through marriage of "Quite a way back was a large

ture, Figure IV, taken 1907. He was several large families on the Susquemaple grove with a brook near it.

the son of Rhoda and Jacob Skinner. hanna River. Mrs. Lillie writes inAs a child I enjoyed watching my

Mrs. Harvey states that she "was terestingly about her childhood at grandfather [Natnan Skinner] tap

born in the Joseph Smith home in the Joseph Smith home: "Behind the the trees and cook the sap into

sister I played and many Mythe bedroom off the kitchen to the cow barn was a large apple orchard. syrup.

of these stately the times in shade and widespreading maples and by the cool brook."She also attended

the village school, near the old

TO "LIVE TOGETHER schoolhousego to school.whereTheEmmadeed usedof theto

13V2 acres of farm Smith."Joseph IN LOVE.. rods twenty states that but it was

wide and ran north from the Susquehanna River, 111 rods on the west side, 119 on the east; the difRICHARD l. EVANS ference was due to the winding

course of the river.

We have talked in past weeks of truth and of love and of what each one To this threeroom home, with its lacks without the other. If a man loves the truth, he will live it, and to live large secluded upstairs room and

the truth requires selfcontrol. There is a quoted sentence that puts it full basement or cellar—as one has

thus: "No man has a right to do as he pleases, except when he pleases to a mind to call it—seemingly condo right."1 "Men's hearts,"said Carlyle, "ought not to be set against one structed for the Lord's purposes,

another, but... against evil only."- "More hearts pine away in secret came Martin Harris shortly after the

anguish for unkindness from those who should be their comforters, than Prophet had, according to his own for any other calamity in life."H "Each one of us is bound to make the... words, "copied a considerable numcircle in which he lives better and happier."4 "What do we live for,"asked ber of"the "characters"from the

George Eliot, "if it is not to make life less difficult to each other?"5 "... if sacred records, "and by the means

I transye have known of... the goodness... of God,"as is said in Mosiah, "and of the Urim and Thummim

have tasted of his love,... ye will not have a mind to injure one another, lated some of them."(DHC, vol. I,

but to live peaceably, and to render to every man according to that which p. 19.)

is his due. And ye will not suffer your children... that they transgress It was some of these characters,

the laws of God, and fight and quarrel one with another.... But ye will writes the Prophet, who had just

teach them to walk in the ways of truth and soberness; ye will teach them turned twentytwo years of age, that

to love one another, and to serve one another. And also, ye yourselves Martin Harris, fortyfive years of age,

will succor those that stand in need...; ye will administer of your carried to the learned professors.

satisfied, being Martin made.. in need. turn that standethsubstance again to a And unto him."We the scribe Prophet's from became cited previously "love that Penn, is thesentence from William hardest

to April 1828. Since 14, the 12 June

life, It in Christianity."7 inlesson lesson the hardest even but be may

its large four kitchen with windows it is essential.surely or perish"alternatives of the 8 are the most "Love one

floor, the was ground Joseph upon if truth tooffered. love is love truth along with must last, and have And for months, and Martin working two

selfcontrol, selfcontrol requires of law and the livingcomes law, and early proceed late must needs and requires there character—without on. In is nothing which count we could interference sources without from

the spirit of him who offered his love, and who gave his life that men incident to farmhouse kitchens. This

might live, let us "live together in love,"9 with truth and character and home offered two solutions: a large

spirit ofkindliness, of the Prince in the Peace. "No man has a right to a stairway basement, reached by 1 pleases except to hedo as he pleases, when do right."equally large the kitchen; an from

attic room with a window in the east

Charles Simmons (17981856), American clergy. gable end, approached by a stairCarlyle.-Thomas

3Owen D. Young, American lawyer and financier. way from the front hall.

English Stanley P.4Arthur (181581), clergy. Nathan Skinner, the owner of the novelist. English Eliot5George (18191880),

4:1116.Mosiah large home shown in Figure IV, wasTWilliam Penn, Some Fruits of Solitude: Religion.

8Author unknown. four years old when Joseph and

"D&C 42:45. Emma lived in the original three

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia rooms. Two of his grandchildren

Broadcasting System, December 16, 1962. Copyright 1962. declare in writing that their grand190 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MEET THE NEW HOST OF

HERB JEPKO

CROSSROADS!

Mountain America's most entertaining make the news or live interesting lives. You'll

and informative radio program now has a get the latest news in depth.

new hand at the helm. Herb Jepko, well Herb Jepko is a veteran of thirteen years

known and liked radio personality, takes as a broadcaster in Mountain America. A

you on a tour of people, places and things native of Arizona, he began his broadcast each weekday afternoon, 1 to 5:30 PM on career in Phoenix, and has had experience

KSL Radio's CROSSROADS. You'll talk with in almost all phases of broadcasting. His

people who are experts in their field on "At selection of music for CROSSROADS is

Your Service"at 2:35 PM. You'll visit with particularly enjoyable. Why not tune CROSSHollywood TV and recording stars on "Hot ROADS soon and meet Herb Jepko.

Line"and meet some of the people who

MARCH 1963 191 father Nathan Skinner told them McKune, who bought the Prophet's seek seclusion and privacy while many times that his mother Rhoda home in 1833, had lived neighbors translating the golden records. The

Skinner, the village midwife, who to the Prophet during the time the angel told him plainly that he waited upon Emma at the birth of work of translation had been in "would be destroyed"if he showed her first child, said that Joseph Smith process at Joseph Smith's home. This the sacred things to anyone other

and his friends claimed to be transMcKune is the greatgrandfather of than "those whom I should be comlating "golden records"in the upthe girls on page 168. The History of manded to show them."(Pearl of

stair room of this home. It seems that Susquehanna County tells in twisted Great Price, Joseph Smith 2:52.)

Joseph and Martin fairly "hid up"narratives about Joseph Smith and It might be well to consider too for two months while translating. his scribes secretly at work with that Emma's father and mother and

This same process was followed by their "peepstone"and "golden recher unmarried brothers and sister

Joseph and Oliver Cowdery from ords"in their small home upon lived but a hundred and fifty steps

April 7, 1829, to the first of June of the Susquehanna. down the road. Very likely they

that year while translating most of Joseph Smith writes that he had were in and out of Emma's home our present Book of Mormon. Joseph been warned by Moroni that he must while the work of translation continued day after day and week after

week—four months all told. Then,

too, Emma during these days reher Harmony friends: the Smiths, A TIME FOR REAFFIRMING ceived a string of visitors besides

FAITH hisWhitmers,wife, andKnights,others. Martin Harris,

At this home, and surely not while sitting leisurely with inquiring friends in his kitchen, the

RICHARD L. EVANS Prophet received fifteen revelations,

either in this house or in close proximity thereto. 3-13 inclu- (Sections

It is fitting series of that truth our love continue should on comments and sive; sections 2427 inclusive.)

Itthis at this season. of of truth, both, day and both love and takes much

it certain one occasion On seemsto of carry the the blessed weight world; are those and seem somehow who that complaining had been Emma theirto to help with bear those of others burdens also—those and own who

to her husband she because not had life love,enrich sharing themselves. Master, by and Lord by and Our been the granted privilege of seeing

to are ministered of failings his reminded, the many. borewe "He the treasures. sacred which, Upondisciples,"as said, to observer their enlighten himself one ignorance, "gave the a gave her positive Lord most

... their vision,to to their enlarge increase to courage, and make them revelation through her the husband, "1

.. helpless. of thehelpers raised son, the the widow's and made He Prophet. not "Murmur because

blind to see and the lame to leap, and healed the lepers. But the record the things thou hast not seen, forof

to that notdoes his seem soul encouraged show many him when was they are withheld thee from and is Yet, thereheavy. satisfaction always surpassing in helping, in comfortis world, from the in which wisdom

in lifting in lives,ing, in encouraging, service. sincere troubles to And as

. me.. It this in 25:4.)."(D&C was

as to tensions problems,and misunderstandings and men, few there among revelation also that was Emmaare that could not with solved intent, be honest with love and truth and selection a called to "make of sacred justice and mercy, with dignity and honor, and even without degrading hymns"for the new Church.

forhumiliation sincerely the repentant person. that plead would And we this in house Near 1830 August

this a season Spirit time be tempered of of the by the our God, Savior—Son while his to on Joseph was purway

for faith, for for thoughtfulness,a time those sympathy with sorrow, who for chase special a wine Sacrament for those who seek and search, for those who must make serious and meeting he was to hold in this home, sobering decisions, for those who bear great burdens; a time for loving, an angel appeared in magnificent

for learning, for more thoughtful living; a time for repenting, for improving, glory, declaring, "Listen to the voice

for forgiving old offenses, for removing misunderstanding, for bringing loved of Jesus Christ, your Lord, your God, ones nearer, for bringing families closer, and friends and even enemies, and your Redeemer, whose word is with a mellowing of the hearts of men; a time for teaching children, for quick and powerful."(Ibid., 27:1.)

reaffirming faith in the eternal truth that Jesus is the Christ, the divine The Prophet there received the inSon whom God our Father sent, not to condemn but to save, and in structions which eventually led to his great love to lead all men to everlasting life. May the spirit of the the use of water in the Sacrament.

prince of Peace move among us, and, against all trials and troubles and At the close of this vision, the unsolved problems and heavy hearts, give its sweet assurance. With Job Prophet held a meeting with four

we would witness from the depths of our souls, "I know that my Reother believers and confirmed his deemer liveth."-'wife Emma and Sally Knight, the

wife of Newell Knight. He reports

ditorial, The Independent, July 1898. that when they administered the

2Job 19:25. "Sacrament"using "wine of our own

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia making..."the "Spirit of the Lord

Broadcasting System, December 23, 1962. Copyright 1962. was poured out upon us, we praised

192 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There are 244 feet of softness in every roll of Zee toilet tissue.

For softness and economy, you can't get more for your money.

MARCH 1963 193 the Lord God, and rejoiced exceedMoroni returned with the plates and prophets that baptism was necessary ingly."{DEC, vol. I, pp. 106108.) the Urim and Thummim and told to salvation. (See "Baptism"in the

These sacred meetings could have Joseph to look into the Urim and index of the Book of Mormon.)

been held in the "translation room"—Thummim, whereupon he received On one of these days, in fact, the

possibly upstairs where no person a sharplyworded revelation. (D&C Prophet says it was May 15, 1829,

could enter uninvited. 3.) The plates were then taken the two men sat their translating

Shortly after Martin Harris had away the second time. A few days aside and walked southward five

lost the 116 pages of manuscript later, writes Joseph Smith, at the or six hundred feet to the Susquetranslated from Mormon's abridgthird appearance of Moroni, the hanna River. They had decided to

ment, Moroni came to this home and treasures were returned. (D&C 10; make it a matter of earnest prayer.

took the sacred treasures from the DHC, vol. I, pp. 2128.) A few minutes later while the two

Prophet. A few days later, howTime and time again as Joseph men knelt in supplication, the glory

ever, after continued prayers and and Oliver hurried the work of transof God shone around about them, earnest supplications for forgiveness lation, they continued to find stateand John the Baptist laid his hands of his errors, says Joseph Smith, ments by the Book of Mormon upon the two brethren and bestowed upon them the Aaronic Priesthood.

Start Your He also gave them instructions regarding baptisms. (For a detailed

account of this glorious event, see

DHC, vol. I, pp. 4243; D&C 13, The MISSION SAVINGS Kingdom of God Restored, Carter E.

Grant, pp. 7579.) AW About a week later, while the

Early Planning Might Make the Difference translation was being rushed forward in the Fulfillment of Your Mission in the translation room, the Prophet's brother Samuel to visit the came

If to are planning you serve as a missionary... if you hope Smiths. The Prophet Oliver enand children called, start your will be a mission savings at plan

American Savings, now. The earlier you start, the less money thusiastically explained to Samuel

need you because American while you save pays you their glorious experiences with John dollars extra earnings semiannually at compounded to save,—a high the Baptist of their receiving and rate. 4'/2% current

the Aaronic Priesthood, also the reThis means the amount you actually save will be considerably-, less than the $2,000 usually required for a mission. And, every vealed order of baptism, etc. The

American account is protected by substantial reserves plus Prophet says that Samuel was not

INSURED to $10,000 by the Federal Savings and Loan Insur- "easily persuaded,"but after going ance Corporation, permanent agency of the U.S. Government. into the woods and earnestly seeking

HERE'S HOW MUCH YOU CAN SAVE WITH OUR MISSION SAVINGS PLANS BY the Lord in prayer, he received a

THE TIME YOU OR YOUR CHILD IS 19 YEARS OLD - IF YOU START NOW. divine testimony, and on May 25,

Present At $25.00 At $20.00 At $15.00 At $10.00 At $9.00 At $8.00 At $7.00 At $6.00 1829, Oliver Cowdery baptized him,

Age Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly the third baptism in this dispensa- $2,154.63 tion. (DHC, vol. I, p. 44.)

1 1,990.29 This of account historic the events /TL(;? Ihese opposit* present columns age 2;2, at 138.62 1,833.11 the of home Joseph Smith upon

t te will indicc tha the amount be 3 1,963.23 the 1,682.76 Susquehanna hardly would be QCCUfT earnii lulated with igs by 4 1,795.46 1,538.97 $2,051.96 complete without the following narTrie is ne me m 5 is ratives. It $2,102.14 1,635.00 1,401.43 1,868.57 recorded that as soon 1i ars of 9 upyeill acin ) e -l1* 6 1,904.81 as $2,116.46 1,481.52 1,693.17 1,269.87 and at Joseph arrived the Emma

7 1,906.75 1,716.07 1,525.40 1,334.72 1,144.05 Hale home with Alva and unloaded

8 1,706.16 1,535.55 1,364.93 1,194.31 1,023.70 their furniture and took from the

9 $2,271.46 1,514.31 1,362.88 1,211.45 1,060.02 908.59 barrel of beans the "treasure box,"

10 1,996.21 1,330.81 1,197.73 1,064.65 931.56 798.48 the Hale family, and especially the

11 $2,310.58 1,732.94 1,155.29 1,039.76 924.23 808.70 693.17 father, were extremely anxious to

12 1,974.83 1,481.12 987.41 888.67 789.93 691.19 592.45 see the contents of the box. It

13 $2,067.11 1,653.69 1,240.27 826.85 744.16 661.48 578.79 496.11 seems that Joseph at once explained

14 1,683.16 1,346.53 1,009.90 673.26 605.94 538.61 471.29 403.96 to Emma's family that the sacred

15 1,315.92 1,052.74 789.55 526.37 473.73 421.10 368.46 315.82 golden records were in the box, for

16 964.67 771.73 578.80 385.87 347.28 308.69 270.11 231.52 he earnestly believed that Emma's

17 628.70 502.96 377.22 251.48 226.33 201.18 1 76.04 150.89 parents would accept his word on

18 307.36 245.89 184.41 122.94 110.65 98.35 86.06 73.77 the matter. In this, however, he was

'Computed at current rate of 4Vi /o per annum to be greatly disappointed, for not "SAVE THE one of the Hales believed his story.

AMERICAN Isaac later Hale wrote that when dtne/ucan WAY"his son Alva "returned with Smith SawtgA"& LOAN ASSOCIATION

HOME OFFICE: 63 South Main, Salt Lake City 1 1, Utah and his family... I was informed

SUGAR HOUSE OFFICE: 2186 Highland Dr., Salt Lake City 6, Utah that they had brought a wonderful

Street, Salt Market Lake OFFICE: 3555 GRANGER City 4, Utah book of plates down with them. I

Street, Fort DIVISIONAL OFFICE: Honolulu, HONOLULU 915 Hawaii

KAIMUKI OFFICE: 1 142 - 12th Avenue, Honolulu, Hawaii

HILO OFFICE: 120 Waianuenue Avenue, Hilo, Hawaii

KALIHI OFFICE: 1851 North King Street, Honolulu, Hawaii

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

New Amoco 120 Super Tires might even outlast your car.

It wasn't the easiest thing, designing the AMOCO 120. It had to be as longwearing as a suit of armor—and a whole lot quieter. As surefooted as a centipede. And able to scoot along thruways at a high rate of speed, day in and day out. (To be sure of this. American Oil

tested the tire at a sustained 120 mph. with spurts up to 130 mph.) How longlasting are AMOCO 120s? How long do you

Oil Dealer r n..;-!.intend keeping your car? You expect more from American—and you get it. tOUT AmericanAMERICAN OIL COMPANY

MARCH 1963 195 was shown a box in which it was Prophet's old home. It was dedihim and at each other, as I looked

said they were contained, which cated June 18, 1960 by Joseph L. around inquiringly at Joseph, the

had to all appearance, been used as Wirthlin, then Presiding Bishop of old man instantly disappeared, so a glass box for commonsized winthe LDS Church, before a dethat I didn't see him again.... He

dow glass [possibly 10 x 12 inches]. voted audience of some 1,500 Saints was, I should think, about five feet

I was allowed to feel the weight of and visitors. eight or nine inches tall and heavythe box, and he gave me to underUp the river north and eastward set.... He was dressed in a suit

stand that the book of plates was from the Prophet's Susquehanna of brown woolen clothes, his hair then in the box, into which, howhome, and before Joseph and Oliver and beard were white.... He had

ever, I was not allowed to look.... moved to the Whitmer residence on his back a sort of knapsack with

"After this I became dissatisfied, about the 1st of June 1829, the two something in it, shaped, like a book.

and informed him [Joseph] that if men received another glorious vision. He was the messenger who had the

there was anything in my house of Peter, James, and John appeared plates, who had taken them from that description which I could not and, laying their hands upon the Joseph just prior to our starting to be allowed to see, he must take it heads of the brethren, the mesHarmony."(Roberts, Comp. Hist.,

away, if he did not, I was detersengers conferred the Melchizedek vol. 1, pp. 12627; see testimony of

mined to see it...."(History of Priesthood, bestowing the necessary Apostles Orson Pratt and President

Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, keys and authority to establish God's Joseph F. Smith, Andrew Jenson,

p. 579.) kingdom upon this earth. Riographical Encyclopedia, vol. I,

Father Hale adds that owing to Joseph Fielding Smith writes that pp. 266267.)

the discord over Joseph's carefully the restoration of the Melchizedek A few days later Moroni delivered guarded box that Joseph and his Priesthood "was only a few days the sacred records to the Prophet wife "... came to the conclusion after the first ordination,"May 15, in the Whitmer garden with a

that they would go and reside upon 1829. (Essentials of Church History, command to finish the transla-

a place near my residence,"which p. 691. As to the time and place, tion speedily.

was the Jesse Hale home that then see Carter E. Grant, The Kingdom

stood empty. of God Restored, pp. 7579.) The Church Moves On Years later when Emma was being About the 1st of June 1829, by

questioned by her oldest living son, invitation, David Whitmer arrived at (Continued from page 150)

Joseph Smith, III, as to what she the Joseph Smith home in a light and Joseph did when her father twoseated wagon to carry Joseph Following a brief, seasonal rebecame exasperated over not being and Oliver and the plates to the cess, stake conferences began allowed to see into the Prophet's Whitmer home where the translaagain this week end. During the first

box, she answered very positively: tion was to be completed. six months, each stake will have two

"Your father bought your Uncle The next day while David and conferences, onehalf of the stakes

Jesse's place off father's farm, and Oliver waited for Joseph in the being visited during the first conwe moved there until the Book of loaded wagon, ready to start northference of the year by a member of

Mormon was translated; and I think ward, Joseph remained in his transthe General Authorities, a represenpublished."( Reorganized Church lation room for some time. He then tative of the genealogical association,

History, vol. 3, p. 354.) came to the wagon without the and a representative of church welIn recent years the LDS Church plates, climbed in, and gave orders fare; the other half of the stakes

has secured three historic sites along to start. David reports that he was being visited the first quarter by

the north bank of the picturesque greatly perturbed at this time, for representatives of the Relief Society

Susquehanna River: February 7, he had made this long trip (one and the Primary. During the second

1947, the Joseph McKune farm, hundred miles) expressly to get quarter the stakes not being visited which includes the site of the Joseph Smith and the plates. Here by General Authorities during the

Prophet's home; on July 16, 1948, is David's testimony as to how he first quarter will have that reprethe Isaac Hale farm; and then on was made satisfied: "When I was sentation, and the representatives of

May 15, 1959, the "130th anniversary returning to Fayette, with Joseph Relief Society and Primary will go of the coming of John the Baptist,"and Oliver, all of us riding in the to the other half of the stakes. The

the Church bought the much sought wagon... when traveling along in MIA and the Sunday School will

after 6.16 acres of ground south of a clear, open place, a very pleasant, replace the Relief Society and the

the railroad tracks, the "banks of the nicelooking old man suddenly apPrimary during the last two quarters river"where it is believed the peared by the side of our wagon of the year.

Aaronic Priesthood was restored. and saluted us with, 'Good morning: Returning fulltime missionaries

These purchases include some 200 it is very warm,'at the same time will no longer report at stake conacres of valuable property for wiping his face and forehead with ferences beginning today.

the Church. his hand. We returned the salutaElder Seymour J. Godfrey sucOne of the paramount projects tion, and by a sign from Joseph, I ceeded President Wayne C. Player

given the Aaronic Priesthood of the invited him to ride if he was going as president of Taylorsville (Utah)

Church for the year 1960 was the our way. But he said very pleasStake. President Player is now serverection at their expense of the antly, 'No, I'm going to Cumorah!'ing as president of the Central States

beautiful John the Baptist monuThis name was somewhat new to Mission. Counselors to President

ment, which now stands about 125 me, and I did not know what Godfrey are Elders Richard A.

feet east from the site of the Cumorah meant. We all gazed at Barker and David R. Campbell.

196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Sure it's

.. good Now let's make it better!

At Kennecott, each success in developing use of ammonium nitrate was limited—it

better equipment or methods inspires recouldn't be used in wet ground. So a new

newed efforts to improve the improvement. round of experiments was started. Right now,

experts are testing heavy plastic tubing to

Here's an example. At the Bingham see if it will keep ammonium nitrate dry. If Utah

Canyon Mine, after two or three years of it does, that's the answer to the problem. Copper experiments, Utahproduced ammonium Testing new ideas is just one way Kenblasting nitrate replaced dynamite in most

nitrate operations. proved Ammonium more atingnecott'sproblems.managementAll of meetswhich currenthelps buildoper-a Division

economical and safer. sound foundation to keep copper production

But the problem still wasn't licked. The a vital part of Utah's growing economy.

Kennecott Copper Corporation

MARCH 1963 197 if perhapsThe Spring We Won the My heart sank, and I blinked back proudly, and I wondered

Championship the tears. "That's all right, Wess."I he knew him personally.

tried stiffening my upper lip and The large sunburned face of (Continued from page 164) said, "I know you have to give ClayHarlan's hero stared up at me while ton Elementary your best efforts."his mammoth black eyes and pearlwe don't stand a chance at winBy afternoon I had regained my white teeth grinned in welcome. He

ning the championship unless we composure enough to smile politely too, had a fireengine red baseball have Harlan."at Harlan Mumford. The big, athcap pulled low over his forehead.

Well, I just stared at Wess in beletic boy swaggered into my class- I couldn't help smiling back at the wilderment. I didn't understand his room, and I knew the way he young man before turning the card

reasoning. After all he was a flopped into a desk seat that learnover and glancing at the paragraphs

teacher. He knew how important it ing to read was the last thing he of various baseball statistics. "How

was to know how to read. Yet all of wanted to do. about you reading this for a starter?"

a sudden reading didn't matter. It "How are you, Harlan?"I asked I asked of Harlan who was still

was being able to play baseball and pleasantly. grinning.

win the championship that counted. "OK,"he half grunted. Harlan winked slyly at his big

I guess my lack of understanding "Come sit over here by my desk,"hero and for the next few minutes showed, because Wess stopped pant- I said, ignoring the fireengine red zipped off statistics and scores like ing and came closer to me, that old baseball cap that all but covered his a real pro. He had trouble reading?

familiar calmness crossing his face. Finally I asked, pointing to a

My heart throbbed warmly as he word, "What's this word?"

took my hands in his and those big, THREE BOYS SLEEPING "Perfect four to four,"he cooed.

beautiful, brown eyes swallowed BY MABEL JONES GABBOTT "How about this one?"I asked,

anything else I might have felt. jumping down a line.

"Nancy,"he said softly, and I saw I had not thought the world could Harlan stammered, and his eyes my sixty days to matrimony quickly hold darted back to the first sentence.

melt away. "I was thinking if you such treasure for my keeping; "No, not all of it,"I said, "just

would have time, perhaps for the Tonight with stories done and this word."

sake of the trophy, you could teach prayers "Ah,"Harland continued to stamHarlan to read."and kisses, three boys sleeping mer, "I don't know that word. But

I stammered. "Why, Wess, of Lift all burdens, make all cares I can read you the whole sentence."

course I would. You know that weightless as a feather; I let Harlan recite the paragraph

aside from our Friday night dates Tonight we laughed at picture books of statistics he had obviously memoteaching children to read is the most and knelt, heads close together; rized while I wondered how I was

enjoyable part of my life."Tomorrow's worldswept clouds going to teach this big athletic sixthHe squeezed my hands and are tempered in a measure grader to read.

grinned. "That's great, Nancy. I And colored under, in between That evening I spent at the school

knew you wouldn't fail me. His and ever by this treasure. library hunting for something that

name is Harlan Mumford. He's the might spark Harlan's brain and

most powerful hitter I've seen. Why, hoping I might just accidentally run

Nancy, with some good professional wide gray eyes. "I thought that perinto Wess. Well, you might know

instruction he could be every bit as haps we should have a little talk Wess was nowhere in sight. But

good as our own Hoot Thompson. first. Get acquainted and find out the next afternoon when Harlan re-

I'll send Harlan around this afterwhat you are most interested in."appeared I had plenty of books.

noon,"Wess said. "You do whatever "Nothing but baseball,"he "I can't read all those books!"

you think best. Just so he learns to quipped. Harlan blurted out, seefng the stack

read in a hurry. Why, with Harlan "Well, that's fine, Harlan. Coach of leather backs on my desk.

on the team the Caterpillars are Sinclair says you're a pretty good "I don't expect you to right now.

going great!"player."I just thought you'd like to take them

"That's nice,"I managed. Then I "I guess,"Harlan said, with a hint home and glance through them.

remembered the faculty dance this of a smile crossing his freckled face. There are some baseball pictures in

Friday night and said, "What time "I think we should read books and them you might enjoy."

shall I expect you?"stories about things we like. Don't "Well,"Harlan half grunted.

Wess looked genuinely surprised. you agree?""Now let's practise some letter

"What time?"Harlan shrugged his shoulders sounds,"I said, and for the next

"For the dance Friday. You didn't and looked at me as if I was trying hour Harlan and I twisted and

forget? Did you?"to put something over on him. wrinkled our lips, making long a's

Wess brushed the seat of his "Baseball's all I like, and I've never short e's and all the rest. Every so

pants, and a sudden feeling of panic seen any books on it, only these."often Harlan would cast a half

swept through me. He reached into his back pocket and suspicious glance at the stack of

"I'm sorry, Nancy, but S. C. has pulled out a handful of soiled and books and shrug his shoulders.

some great new tactics to show me, wrinkled cards. Then with all the Well, for the next few days everyand we had planned to go over them generosity he could muster he thing went fine. The Caterpillars

Friday night. I hope you won't mind handed them to me. "That's the won their first game, Harlan was at

too much."Duke, the one on top,"he said least trying to read, and I was

198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TropArtie- first allseason oil to meet tougher requirements of fflMfH for oils used in ajl types of ground equipment under a[l conditions

is the first allseason (S.A.E. 10W30) motor oil to TROPARTIC

meet and exceed the rugged requirements set up by U.S. Army experts

... MILL2104B.

To Phillips 66 Jobbers and Dealers, this means another topquality for their customers, and one more advantage over competition. bopArtie product

OR U SEASON MOT* In addition, they get firstclass products, effective advertising, expert business counseling, construction and improvement guidance, attractive credit policies, hardselling promotion aids. These are the

JOBBERS and lifetime.extras thatFindmakeoutahowPhillipsyou canFranchiseget onethebydealwritingof a

to: Sales Department, Phillips Petroleum ComHere is the hardworking pany, Bartlesville, Oklahoma. *a trademark

oil with the famous name that makes new customers the year around! GO FIRSTCLASS... GO PHILLIPS 661

MARCH 1963 199 eagerly awaiting the end of the and sunshine, and I was glad he eyes and loved Chopin, but right school year. I hadn't gone out to any wasn't too unhappy about losing the now I couldn't forgive him. I ran

of the games because I figured it orchestra. After all, even my mother from the baseball diamond, tears

would be better to let Wess work had thought we both needed somestreaming down my cheeks, my that out as best as possible. thing besides music. heart breaking.

On one of these nights I stayed Well, the word was given for the Now it is Friday afternoon, and after school to correct some papers, Caterpillars to sit crosslegged and you guessed it, the Caterpillars ar$ when who should come tearing push their caps back so that the playing the championship game. I

through the door like an excited parents could easily identify their might have had a chance of getting

Dodger fan but Wess himself, half sons. Then I saw her. Wess back earlier, but now, because

demanding loudly, "Where's Harlan? S. C. Smith, the assistant coach of little boys and baseball, I had lost

He's missed practice. It's lucky we Wess couldn't do without and who the only man I ever really loved.

didn't have a game today or we'd had spent so many hours working out I was in my room correcting have lost."tactics, was a female, and a blonde papers as usual when who should

"I really don't know,"I said. This at that! Oh, she was something all burst in but Wess Sinclair, demandwas a sort of a lie for I had seen right, dressed in jeans and a sweat ing, "What have you done with

Harlan earlier in the afternoon goshirt. The first thing I wanted to do Harlan?"

ing into the library. But how could was run off into a corner and bawl, "What do you mean?"I man-

I tell Wess this? but standing there frozen to the aged to gulp. For he really

Wess glared at me and then diamond I only got madder and frightened me.

around the room. as if he half exmadder at Wess. How could he "Where's Harlan? You know what

pected to find Harlan hiding under have deceived me so? I tried so I mean. It just so happens that

a desk or something; he continued, hard to be of help and to be undertoday is the championship playoff

"S. C. is taking some pictures of standing. It wasn't fair. and the Backbay Tiger's and our

the team for the paper, and we want This is when Wess saw me, and teams are all lined up, and Harlan

Harlan in them."he backed away from S. C. like she isn't anywhere in sight. Now, Nancy,

I said, "Wess, you seem changed. was fire. But I was the one on fire. what have you done with him?"

I hope all this baseball practice He tripped over her camera, causing "Wess Sinclair,"I said, clenching hasn't been too much for you. I all the little Caterpillars to emit my hands, "if you think I've got him

guess you must really miss your giggles and funny whistling sounds hidden just because of you and that music."that gave me a burning sensation in... that blonde, you're wrong. Har-

"It's not that, Nancy. I really like my throat and eyes. S. C. went to lan's probably got more important

coaching the Caterpillars. You his aid, and he really did try to push things to do."

ought to watch them play. They're her away, but you know how per- "More important things to do!"

great! And S. C. has been such sistent some women can be. You should have seen the glass panes

a help."Finally after my blood had simreverberate with these words. "What

Well, what could I say. Here Wess mered to a low boil someone got could be more important than

was practically a changed man, not around to introducing us. Naturally winning the championship?"

that I minded this. He looked so S. C. gushed hello's all over me. I started to tell him, but the words

rugged and outdoorish, in those I didn't do much at returning her just wouldn't come out of my mouth.

sandy denims and faded sweat greeting. You understand. Here I I stood there too upset to speak, and

shirt, and so I offered to go look for give up my Friday night dates and Wess turned on the heels of his

Harlan. This wasn't too difficult. spend my afternoons teaching a big, dirty white sneakers and bounded

I knew I'd find him in the library. disinterested sixthgrader to read, out of the classroom.

Sure enough there he was, his nose and then find out the man I was Quickly I wiped my eyes and buried in a book about the oldtimers doing all this for has been cavorting opened the door and I headed for of baseball. around with some blonde who once the library.

It took some talking to persuade played softball. I just couldn't. "Harlan, did you forget the game?"

him to put the book down. I was I hoped someone would say I was Harlan stared at me as if he were

pleased about this. Yet then when Wess's girl; then I could reply "not in some kind of trance.

I mentioned pictures, wouldn't you any more,"but they were all only It had only been several weeks know he snapped right around, interested in having their pictures ago that he had swaggered into my grinned a big thanks, and left. taken. I turned to leave when Wess room, clutching those wrinkled base-

I then decided to walk out on came running up. In a way I felt ball cards with the paragraphs all

the field and take a look at the sorry for him. He looked so trapped memorized. Now it was almost as

Caterpillars. The afternoon air was with those big cocker spaniel eyes if he had discovered a whole new

so sunny and warm, and I did miss and his mouth hanging open like a world inside of a few library books.

Wess so much. hungry child. It didn't seem right to make him give

The boys were huddled together "Nancy, it isn't what you think,"all this up. Yet I had learned somein the center of the field. I could he said. "I could never have made thing helping him to read these very

see Wess bending over, and I the Caterpillars as good as they are books. You couldn't let your teamguessed that he was helping S. C. without S. C. She's been invaluable mates down. There would be time

Smith set up the camera equipment. to me."for reading.

I smiled to myself. It was nice "I bet,"I said, my eyes clouding. Camer

Wess could get out in the fresh air Wess may have had big brown "The playoff between the Cater200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Here come your vitamins over Union Pacific..

CHICAGO

Flavor packed citrus fruits, fresh from the West, are a prime source of natural Vitamin C. Picked

and packed in minutes, they're rushed to your market and breakfast table in temperature controlled refrigerator cars.

Union Pacific's automated traffic controls, electronic communications and data processing are part of modern railroading that help provide better living and better health the automated rail way. Whenever you ship to, from or throughout

the West, be specific, route Union Pacific. UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

MARCH 1963 201

pillars and the Tigers. Wess is lookthen glanced slyly around the bases boy, could you hear it crack when it

ing for you. He said your team is which were loaded with three scared met Harlan's swinging bat. It went

getting beat."Caterpillars. Then he raised his sailing over the third baseman's

"Getting beat!"Harlan came to arm and sent the ball hurtling head, past the outstretched arm

life with a howl. "Thanks, Miss through the air. of the left fielder, struck the hard

Mason,"he yelled scooting out of Harlan didn't move. ground and bounded toward the

the library and adjusting the fire- "Strike one!"the umpire called, fence.

engine red baseball cap so that it and the crowd groaned. The crowd went absolutely crazy.

barely cleared his nose. "That's all right, Harlan. Take it Even Miss Marple was jumping

I checked out his book and then easy. Keep your eye on the ball."up and down on her thick heels,

went out to the baseball field. The That was my dear, lost Wess shoutwhile S. C. Smith tremulously enschool grounds were crowded with ing above the confusion. deavored to get a picture, and Wess

students and parents. Even Miss But then the ball came again, and went racing to homeplate. HarMarple had come out to watch the once more Harlan remained molan's library book sailed into the

game. And I caught sight of S. C. tionless as the umpire called, air as the man on third, the man

Smith down near first base, her "Strike two!"on second, and the man on first,

camera posed just short of her sweat Harlan bent over and rubbed sand with Harlan on their heels, came shirt. Wess was nervously pacing on his hands; then he turned and racing home.

back and forth between home and looked straight at me. He was When the game came to a close

third base. scared, and I didn't blame him one and the championship was ours, my

When Harlan came up to bat, bit. And suddenly I was shouting, voice was but a hoarse whisper.

the spectators went wild while the "Harlan, oh, please Harlan, hit Wess left the field long enough to

Tigers let go with a bellowing, "Hey, it hard!"grab me and gave me a victorious

batta, batta!"I found a spot behind He turned his back on me, raised kiss. Imagine! Right there on the

the catcher and standing there with his bat, and I can imagine the look crowded school grounds and in front the book under my arm I tried to he shot the pitcher. of Miss Marple and everyone! Even

remember all that I had read with Now sneering, the pitcher glanced S. C. Smith opened her eyes and

Harlan these past few weeks. "The around the bases and then at Harlan. mouth in amazement.

pitcher is the one to watch,"I reWith all the dramatics of a HollyWell, I knew I couldn't quit membered. "He's the key man."wood actor he raised his arm, teaching now. And as for baseball

Well, let me tell you the pitcher pumped the mound, and shot the and little boys, well the Caterpillar's for the Tigers looked as ferocious ball at the catcher. It was fast all victory has assured me of a June

as his name. He glared at Harlan, right. You could hardly see it. But, wedding. It's all tied up.

Early Guide on Temple Square was serenaded by the Fourteenth dent Grant, this is the first time that

Infantry Band."That he and his I have ever seen a President of my

wife visited the Temple Block is country."

( Continued from page 167 evident from the fact that they wrote The following day the President their signatures in Brother Thomas's and party were shown the Temple book. But not one word of their Block, the Tabernacle, and the partlyas "May 19, 1875."However it was conversation that day has come completed temple by Brother Thomnot until the following month that down to us. as, but no one has left any record

the first tourists signed their names. of their conversation. However, the

There are hundreds of names in Deseret News does record that this old book, and in this brief article "Brother Joseph J. Daynes played

I can give only the names of the most About six weeks after the visit of upon the organ for the pleasure of prominent. The first is a great and General Sheridan to Salt Lake City, the party."

wellknown general of the Civil another Civil War hero came to call Hundreds of people now began to

War—Philip H. Sheridan. upon the people of Utah—the most visit Salt Lake City—people traveldistinguished man in the United ing across the nation on the Union

railroads Pacific Pacific and Central at that time—President Ulysses a*- i*s States MlhU, u. trip to Salt a side S. Grant. City—Lake with

Looking up the account of his visit Coming from the east, President and Brother Thomas was kept busy to Salt Lake City, I find the followGrant and party arrived in Ogden showing them the sights on the Teming in the Deseret News, under date on the morning of October 4, 1875. ple Block.

of August 20, 1875. A delegation of distinguished peo-

"General Philip H. Sheridan and ple—including President Brigham

wife arrived in this city last night, Young—went north on the Utah

on their way to California and Central Railroad to welcome him. A handsome young man strolled

Oregon.... The General was met When President Young shook hands around the block on August 23,

by officers of Camp Douglas and with President Grant he said, "Presi1876. It was Edwin Booth, the great

202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 4k * SticiJebac*- how he likes the water

Who knows water better than a fish? As an ultimate safeguard, we let our Sticklebacks

The fish we employ as water experts are tiny Stickletest the water, before it is released. If they like it,

backs. We pay them liberally in brineshrimp, no we know it will be happy water for any fish.

salary deductions. The object is to keep our streams and coastal waters

It's all because we use millions of gallons of water pollutionfree with abundant fish to nibble your daily in our refineries. After use, it is treated with hooks, and clean playgrounds for your water sports.

algae, bacteria, chemicals, sunshine and oxygen, to Many other industries which depend upon water are make sure the water is clean and pure when we equally careful. Our common concern

return it to stream or sea. is to protect a priceless heritage.

Planning ahead to serve you better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

MARCH 1963 203 Shakespearean actor, one of the point to another in the building, by and Brother Thomas talked about greatest actors of his day. dropping a pin at one extremity of as they strolled around the TemMy father, Charles W. Nibley, was the house, which was distinctly ple Block.

called on a mission to the Eastern heard by the visitors at the opposite

States as a young man, and at Philaside. This the President pronounced

delphia in 1870, he saw and heard extraordinary, as did General SherBooth play Hamlet. This is what he man and the rest.... While there

wrote of him: they were introduced to Superin- A colorful character of the pioneer

"One experience that I may mentendent Henry Grow, the builder period of the west, William F. Cody,

tion, that has ever been a pleasing of the Tabernacle, to whom the familiarly known as "Buffalo Bill"memory to me, was in seeing President said, 'I am pleased to throughout the United States and

Edwin Booth play Hamlet in Philameet the man who could erect such Europe, where he traveled with his delphia.... To see this greatest a building. Who was the architect?'wildwest show, was in Salt Lake

of geniuses portray the character 'President Young was his own archiCity and visited the Temple Block and witness the unfolding of that tect,'replied Elder Thomas."on December 7, 1892.

wonderful tragedy, was to my young There is not a word here to indi- a revelation graspingand mind that MUh tfj3 <%SU*- cateBrotherwhatThomas,subjectsbuthe theirdiscussedconversawith pleasedcharmed and beyond measure."(Reminiscences of Charles W. tion must have been interesting.

Nibley, pages 6364.) On August 12, 1884, a distinYears later this writer saw Buffalo

guishedlooking man came on the Bill and his Wild West Showmen

Temple Block. He introduced himparade down Main Street in Salt

self to Brother Thomas and signed Lake City. I was impressed with

his name as Hubert H. Bancroft of the calm dignified look on the great

Another young man that Brother San Francisco, California. This man showman's face. The town of Cody,

Thomas talked to on the Temple was one of the most distinguished Wyoming, was named in his honor.

Block and showed through the historians that the west has proTabernacle on February 15, 1877, duced. He was the author of twentywas a famous writer of his daysix volumes of western history,

Horatio Alger, Jr., of New York City. among which is his famous History

Alger wrote fifty success books for of Utah, published in 1889. The greatest pianist of his time,

boys. He was fortythree years of Paderewski, visited Salt Lake City

age at the time of his visit to Salt in March 1896, and on the 4th,

Lake City. called at the Temple Block, and

1 Brother Thomas showed him the

As the years went by the interest Tabernaclepoints of interest,and the greatincludingorgan. the n of people in Salt Lake City and the Paderewski at the time was thirty- v to increase. Church seemed of the Mormon President The second

of people Larger numbers visit States toUnited/m Utah was came to sixfamousyearssinceof heage..was aHeboyhadof twelvebeen

Rutherford B. Hayes, who, on Sepsee the famous buildings and to visit at the Warsaw Conservatory in

tember 5, 1880, arrived in Ogden on the Temple Block. On May 9, 1891, Poland. For years following his first

a special train with his family and Brother Thomas had two distinconcert tour he gave concerts in a group of government officials, on guished men write their names in Europe and the United States. This

their way to California. He had his book, John Wanamaker, who had writer once heard his brilliant playbeen invited by territory and church built at Philadelphia one of the larging in the Salt Lake Tabernacle.

leaders to make a side trip to Salt est department stores in the United Again I wonder what he and

Lake City, and this plan was carStates, and Charles S. Zane, Chief Brother Thomas talked about as they

ried out. Justice of the Territory of Utah. strolled about the Temple Block

President John Taylor, George nearly sixtyseven years ago.

Q. Cannon, Daniel H. Wells, and

other church officials met the President and party in Ogden and exXAw-HA.

tended to him a hearty welcome. On This distinguished pugilist, one of

his arrival in Salt Lake City Presithe greatest athletes that America John Philip Sousa, noted American dent Hayes was greeted by hunhas produced, claimed the title of band leader and composer of brildreds of Sunday School children on champion prize fighter of the world liant marching music, signed Brother each side of South Temple as he at the time he visited Salt Lake City Thomas's book and was conducted traveled towards Main Street. and the Temple Block on May 19, by him through the Temple Square

The following morning President 1891. His greatest victory was his and the Tabernacle on March 7,

Hayes and party visited the Temple defeat of Jake Kilrain at Richburg, 1896. Sousa at the time was fortyBlock. "Elder C. J. Thomas, who Mississippi, in a seventyfive round two years of age. He was traveling

was guiding the visitors through the fight, in July 1889. The year after to the larger cities of the United

Tabernacle, then gave his excellency his visit to Salt Lake City he lost the States and giving concerts with his a proof of the ease with which championship to James J. Corbett famous band. He was already known

sounds were transmitted from one at New Orleans. I wonder what he throughout the country as the

204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "March King."Before his death he was in Utah and the Mormons we one time been advocated by his

toured this country and Europe are at a loss to know. father. On his return to Brooklyn

many times, giving concerts. he got in contact with the LDS missionaries. result that The on was

/OeVtt1? September 8, 1904, Rigdon John W.

On Thursday, May 17, 1900, a was baptized in the Hudson River

Among the visitors who came to gentleman seventy years of age, by Elder John M. Macfarlane.

the Temple Block on May 28, 1896, came to the Temple Block and inwas the champion boxer of the troduced himself to Brother Thomas First Bureau of Information world, James J. Corbett. He had as John W. Rigdon, eldest surviving

won the title from John L. Sullivan son of Sidney Rigdon who had In August 1902, the first Bureau

and was now making a trip to Caliserved as counselor to the Prophet of Information on the Temple Block fornia. He was accompanied by his Joseph Smith in the early days of was established, and Brother Thomas

wife and daughter. the Church. After the death of the was no longer required to work

Prophet, Sidney was rejected by the alone, as he had done for twentyChurch as a leader; he then left five years. A notice in The ImNauvoo and settled in the town of provement Era for September 1902,

Cornelius Vanderbilt, Jr., one of Friendship, New York, where he states as follows:

the wealthy men of the United States, lived until his death in 1876. "It has long been asked whether

who had inherited a great fortune John W. Rigdon was not taught anything was being done to enfrom his father and grandfather, the Mormon religion by his father; lighten tourists and visitors, who

visited Temple Block on March 25, he studied law in his youth and frequently come into our cities, vil1899, and signed his name in Brother moved about from place to place lages and towns, and who have

Thomas's book. It is said of him until he finally settled in Brooklyn. never heard anything about the

that he presented Rosa Bonheur's In 1900 he made a trip to the west gospel, and only ill reports about great painting, "The Horse Fair,"to and visited Salt Lake City as stated the people. It was found that while

the Metropolitan Museum of Art in above. He now acquired an active we were sending hundreds of misNew York City. What his interest interest in the religion that had at sionaries far away to teach the truth

... Save $100.00 Now! SAVE Special Purchase

$100.00 BELL & HOWELL'S FINEST

NOW! AUTOMATIC PROJECTOR

Forward, Reverse, Still and Dual/Lectric Motors for Most

While Off... by Remote Control Efficient Operation

They AutomaticOnto TakeupThreadingReel Right BuiltinOn-thespotSplicerSplicingfor Easier,

Last! Automatic Cord Reels for Dashboard Controls for Speed

Remote and Power Cords and Brightness

Automatic Light Control Plus Other Features for "More

Operated by Your Film Fun"Home Movies

Bell & Howell overproduced these projectors in error and we bought them at such a terrific saving that we could make this special price for you. This price applies only to our present supply.

Regular $239.95

NOW ONLY $139 95 Pay Nothing Down... Only $2.00 Week!

Come In, Phone or Order by Mail... Now!

Salt Lake: 273 S. Main - 155 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr.

Features Exclusive "Mercury Magic''Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 West Center St.

Roto Remote Control Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

MARCH 1963 20 5 and to allay prejudice to the the day the Rureau opened, August Drama in the MIA strangers within our gates, and even 4, 1902."(Improvement Era, Vol. 5,

residents who are not members of pages 899900.) (Continued from page 189)

the Church, were mostly left to draw Thus for sixty years now there has their information from nonand been an evergrowing Rureau of InKim Rurningham, Amron; Ralph

often antiMormon sources. To formation on Temple Square. Johnson, Kumen; Carl Rurningham,

remedy this evil, the attention of Charles J. Thomas was seventy Timothy; Laurel Smith, Rachel;

the general board (of YMMIA) was years of age at the time the Donna Greaux, Isabelle; and Max

called a year ago to this subject by first bureau was erected. He could Anderson, Nephi.

Elder LeRoi C. Snow, upon whose have retired honorably, but he This production passed the most

motion a committee of inquiry was continued to assist the brethren important test of all dramatic venappointed, consisting of Rudger and act as guide as occasion retures—it won an increasing audience

Clawson, LeRoi C. Snow and H. S. quired. I find that he took some for five performances, three in its

Tanner, and as a result of their very important people through the home stake and two in another stake, labors, a Rureau of Information and block and into the Tabernacle as playing to more than 2,100 persons.

Church Literature has been estabthe years passed, including two The audiences were quiet and lished by the First Presidency. A Presidents of the United States, responsive and more than one commented with thoughtful contemplation that they had found it

interesting and moving to think of these scriptural events in terms of the impact they might have had on individuals.

While many of the shows produced by the MIA groups are not religious or serious in nature, a significant number are. There seems

to be a real desire in the wards, stakes, and missions to see and to produce plays dealing with church historical and scriptural events.

Partly this comes from the missionary urge. The audiences of the

Rountiful South Stake play, for instance, included investigator classes.

After the play and at subsequent meetings the leaders further discussed the events depicted in the play and their implications.

Many of the plays submitted to the MIA for publication turn to these serious themes. Some of the

church's outstanding directors have devoted themselves to productions of this nature.

Luacine Clark Fox of the Ensign (Salt Lake City) Stake is one of these. After more than twentyfive

years in church drama work in recent years, she has written and small building, of which we give a Theodore Roosevelt, May 29, 1903, produced six religious plays; one

cut in this number of the Improveand William Howard Taft on biblical and five Rook of Mormon.

ment Era, was planned and erected September 26, 1909. Fully aware of the lasting impresat the south entrance of Temple The last two names in the book sion the visual picture on the stage

Grounds, at a cost of about $500. A are Fritz Kreisler, by whose name creates, she and her coworkers have

general committee consisting of Rrother Thomas had written "Great sought diligently to recreate with

Elders Renjamin Goddard, Thomas Violinist"and Walter Damrosch, authenticity. Once a play is ready

Hull, Arnold H. Shulthess and whom he designated as "Celebrated she and her cast and staff tour many

Josiah Rurrows, was called to take Conductor."They both came to Salt neighboring stakes.

charge of the Rureau and direct the Lake City in the spring of 1917. Writing plays is part of the Morpermanent work of distributing Charles J. Thomas lived two more mon dramatic heritage which reaches

literature and disseminating informayears—until March 31, 1919. He back to the days of Nauvoo. The

tion among tourists and visitors to died at the age of 86, after a rich, first record of dramatic productions

Salt Lake City. One of these full life—one of the great musicians among the Saints is found in the

brethren, or his representative, has and early Temple Square guides of records of Nauvoo when the Prophet been constantly on the ground since the pioneer period. Joseph Smith organized a dramatic

206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Smart Travelers Stay At which performed company many of SE RANCHO MOTOR HOTEL Still the popular works of the day.

when they are in Salt City Lake at... because the Se Rancho they be can in in 1845, Nauvoo, Brigham Young of comfortable, clean rooms, a with each room phone and message in the recorded Hisservicecertain Documentary and switchboard 24 hour service, recorded HiFi music and radio new

tory of the Church that some of the and television with power antenna. Take your choice of single, double or family

brethren went to the theater to suites.Temple EspeciallySquare. SeniceRanchoat conferencefeatures offstreettime. Se Ranchoparking, ishotjustwater4'/2 blocksheatingfromfor

watch the presentation of "a new safety and is just across the street from convenient and luxurious Rancho "42"

Lanes Recreation Center. time Next you're entitled piece in Salt Lake, do as smart travelers

... Stay at beautiful Se Rancho 'Father Marks Re- 3 do Motor Hotel. turns to Mormonism.'

Almost from the beginning of the RESTAURANTS

Church, the drama has been utilized as a tool for recreation... an art

which would ennoble men and help them to see and to reach for their better selves. 42 LANE

In a colorful history that came BOWLING with them from Nauvoo, across the plains to the new home in the valAND leys, the Saints made a place for RECREATION dramatic productions as an aid to the pulpit. Many who came to the CENTER

valley were astonished to see this religious people attending the theater and surprised at the quality of work they saw.

foscontinues, the drama Today tered in each ward of the Church ERA BINDERS FOR HOME OR WARD under the MIA program. The Beautifully and strongly constructed with

creativity of the program reaches into all the facets of dramatic exhandsome heavy red fabricoid cover.

pression in gold and large enough to duction arts,... asacting,well directing,as writing.proStamped

In the process countless memories hold 12 issues, plus an index.

are made... the costumes made of

sheets... the jewelry fashioned ONLY $2.50

from bits of chandelier chain and is included FREE.bits of glass... the scenery painted and a 1962 index

for of cardboardon finances want canvas... the of Such a binder is a MUST for every Wardto buy rocks made

chicken wire and papiermache... library, and most desirable for every

the heartrending success of the director who cast her stake threeact home. Order now from

play completely from among the handicapped of her stake... the

soulsatisfying experience of the small ward MlA play which led to 135 South State St. Salt Lake City 11, Utah

the baptism of five cast members...

the sad yet funny mistake of the excited boy who raced onto the stage at the moment of climax and cried IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS out, in a voice of thanksgiving, "The crickets are eating the sea gulls."Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

Each time the curtain goes up sore throat and other minor mouth someone learns to walk more surely; and throat irritations.

someone sees more clearly. HALLS REMEDY

Salt Lake City. Utah

It is the duty of the MIA to present isin that not only the drama which $198 ADDING MACHINEentertaining also but uplifting and -7- X DIV.educational—plays that ADD+ SUBTR.- MULT. emphasize

the best in human relations rather accurately.Does all 4 Addsoperations& subtractsquickly,to

than the lowest. onein pocketbillion!or Easypurse!to Leatheretteuse. Carry

—President David O. McKay case.Money Qualityback guarantee.made in America!Agents

wanted. $1.98; 2 for $3.69.

(Add 4% Tax in Pennsylvania).

TOM THUMB fcpi.'BS 27*

BETHAYRES, PENNSYLVAN MARCH 1963 207.. Here am I; has been explained further in a reveThe Doctrine of Individual swered and said, ".

lation to given the Prophet Joseph ( Idem.

Zion,Responsibility send".. me.". Father, Smith in County, MisJackson thy) will be done, and

(Continued from page 161) the glory be thine forever."(Moses souri, in 1831:

4:2.) But another also responded to "For behold, it is not meet that I

the questions—Lucifer, the brilliant should command in all things; for

.. he that is compelled in all things,course we're soft. We got too much Son of the Morning. He said, ".

too soon. There isn't much we want Behold, here am I, send me, I will be the same is a slothful and not a wise

that our parents don't give us.'thy son, and I will redeem all manservant; wherefore he receiveth no

"And the director of admissions at kind, that not one soul shall be lost, reward.

a large university says, 'Parents have and surely I will do it; wherefore "Verily I say, men should be

done just about everything they give me thine honor."(Ibid., 4:1; anxiously engaged in a good cause,

could to destroy character in their and do many things of their own children. If student cars were free will, and bring to pass much

banned on campus, I think parents righteousness;

would help their offspring violate "For the power is in them, wherethe rule.'RELUCTANT SPRING in they are agents unto themselves.

What are these youngsters saying? BY MAUDE RUBIN And inasmuch as men do good they

Basically this: that their lives are shall in nowise lose their reward.

void of an appreciation of the thrillSpring in the mountains is shy and "But he that doeth not anything ing experience of building their own belated, until he is commanded, and rehuts. And why is this so? There are Postponing her coming for certainty's ceiveth a commandment with doubttwo reasons: First, because their sake; ful heart, and keepeth it with

parents and other adults have made Though winter's wild wolfhowl has slothfulness, the same is damned."

it difficult for them to do their own long been outdated, (D&C 58:2629.)

building. And secondly, because the She hesitates still at the edge of the And just recently, President McKay

young people, themselves, have been lake. amplified the principle of individual

willing to let their parents and other responsibility even more:

adults deprive them of the opporShe waits till new creeks wind "There has been no little discustunity to do their own building. among the red lichen, sion as to whether the individual or

There has been a general deterioraTill pasquebuds grow furry, and catsociety is the great end of all social tion of our understanding of the kins forsake developments. 'From the Christian

real joy of living, of the real purpose Their lacquerbrown coats, till a point of view, there needs be no of life. chipmunk's quick flurry hesitancy in the answer so far as man

It would seem that one of the Chatters derision of a lastfalling is concerned. The saved individual

greatest needs in America and in the flake. is the supreme end of the DiChurch today is an awakening to vine Will.'

the understanding of the significance But when patties of sand daisies "Jesus always sought the welfare of individual responsibility. There paint their pink scallops of the individual, and individuals

are four levels of assumption of On saucers of sunshine, last icicles grouped and laboring for the mutual responsibility: break. welfare of the whole in conformity

Now suddenly meadows are foaming with the principles of the gospel

Why doesn't somebody? with clover constitute the kingdom of God."

Why don't they? And everywhere, everywhere robins It is only by an acceptance of the

Why don't we? awakel doctrine of individual responsibility

Why don't I? that man can find real joy in this life

and the promise of eternal life in the

The first two are clearly the docworld to come. Only by building his

trines of servitude. No people can own hut in this life can man inherit

long be free under such philosophies. see also D&C 76:26, Isaiah 14:1214.) a place in one of the Father's "many

It is easily clear to us when we Here were initiated two opposing mansions"in the eternities which reflect for a moment that from the philosophies which have remained follow. May our own conviction of

very beginning of the world the with us ever since. The Son of God the divinity and majesty of the doc-

"Why don't we, Why don't I?"level propounded a system whereby there trine of individual responsibility

has been the right level. In the would be individual responsibility, awaken a slumbering citizenry.

grand council in heaven when a individual growth, individual deIn so doing may our motto be:

Savior was being designated for this velopment, individual building. Luworld, a question was asked by the cifer suggested a system whereby we "I am only one,

Father. Isaiah records, "Also I could "let George do it,"—everything But I am one.

heard the voice of the Lord, saying, would be taken care of for us. I can't do everything,

Whom shall I send, and who will go But the wise Father of us all sent But I can do something.

for us?..."(Isaiah 6:8.) Modern his First Begotten Son, and man What I can do, I ought to do.

revelation explains that there were became responsible for his own And what I ought to do, two who responded. One was the salvation. He became responsible By the grace of God

firstbegotten Son of God who anfor his own building. This doctrine I will do."

208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The First Immigrants to Nauvoo:CAl.

(Continued from page 180)

FOOTNOTES

ee author's article, "First Mission to

Great Britain,"The Improvement Era, 2For this story see Orson F. Whitney's

Life of Heber C. Kimball (2nd ed., Salt

Lake City, 1945), pp. 162165.

3Documentary History of the Church,

IV, pp. 116, 118.

4See DHC, IV, 134, and photo, page 180 of this article, for those of this company who appeared on the ship's manifest.

5In 1840 seven of the Council of the

Twelve were in England for the following reasons: On July 8, 1838 Joseph Smith received a revelation (contained in D&C

118) that the Council of the Twelve must be organized "and next spring let them depart to go over the great waters, and there promulgate my gospel...."Accordingly seven of the subsequently formed

council arrived in Preston, England, April 20, 1840, exactly two years after Elder

Kimball and others finished their mission there. The apostles in England in 1841

were Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball,

John Taylor, Wilford Woodruff, Parley P.

Pratt, Orson Pratt, George A. Smith,

Orson Hyde, and Willard Richards.

"This journal and other papers pertaining to the Moon family are contained in "Biographical Sketches of the Moon Family of Malad, Idaho"typed MSS, Brigham

Young University Library, 1955. The section of Hugh Moon is contained in pages

2338. The section just quoted is from

page 25. 7Addison Everett later became a carpenter on the Nauvoo Temple. DHC, VII,

p. 326. 8Many members of the Church, including Brigham Young and Wilford Woodruff, originally lived in Montrose before moving to Nauvoo. Some lived in an abandoned

army barracks. While the company of

John and Hugh Moon was the first to leave

England, it was not the first to arrive in

Nauvoo. The first converts actually to

arrive were about 100 members of the second group led by Elder Turley and

William Clayton in October 1840, nearly seven months before John and Hugh

Moon. The reason for this was the nearly

eight month layover of John and Hugh in Pennsylvania.

9In Salt Lake City, Hugh camped in the field of Simon Baker and helped him with SOLVE YOUR GIFT PROBLEMS his crops. Later they moved to their

"appointed location"in the first ward, lot with a present appreciated the yearround number 1 of block 17, and built a cabin feet. living a10 by 41 made He later THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

this beets. molasses from hemaking From

drink a "strongstarted making later. bought.. for AN IDEAL GIFT FOR purposes.medicinal..."He

a farm in Farmington, Utah, and stocked Weddings, Birthdays, Servicemen, Missionaries, Friends, New Members it hogs. and with cattle When the Lovely gift card sent in your name to stopAuthorities making requested him

strong drink he dutifully complied and Send only $3.00 for 12 big issues

went into the rope and twine business.

In 1861 he and his family were called to the "Dixie Mission."He took two of

his wives and ten children with him and

135 South State St. Salt Lake City 11, Utah

MARCH 1963 209 stayed in St. George for five years.

In 1869 he moved to Malad, Idaho, and bought a farm there. One year later he

died at age 55. In the interests of the

Church Hugh Moon had sacrificed much.

lost of most gave up ALLERGIC TO CHOCOLATE? Heall heleft hadhis homein theinNauvooEngland,area,

Enjoy NONchocolate two profitable businesses in Salt Lake City at the request of the Authorities and to

CARACOA \s a fun drink for the whole family...dissolves accept a call to go on a mission. (For this

before your eyes in hot or cold milk...CaraCoa contains story in detail see MSS cited in note 6.)

NATURAL fruit sugars and its resemblance in flavor and DHC, IV, 230.

appearance to chocolate will prove satisfying in a natural, 11His first letter, written November 1840 and printed in the Star February 1841, was nutritious, most delicious way. of no special importance but does contain

CaraCoa is truly "The Confection Without Objection,"the following interesting facts about in late 1840. economics in Nauvoo A and we GUARANTEE SATISFACTION or your money back... CARqb

earned for farm worker about $1.00 a day

another quality product from El Molino Mills, available at work plus onefifth of the potatoes he

ALL HEALTH STORES -FEATURED NOW AT SAFEWAY. dug, or oneeighth of the corn he cut. A

196 pound barrel of flour cost $4.50,

TRIAL OFFER... Send in $1.00 today and receive Section"Without potatoespork 3 centstwentya centspound,a bushel,butter 10beefto and14

postpaid a fullsize package for yourself and one for a cents a pound, and sugar 12 cents a pound.

friend. K*2 12DHC, IV, p. 346.

MAIL COUPON TODAY 13Idem.

El Molino Mills, P.O. Box C-2025, Alhambra, Calif. 14The Fund advanced money, which had

Attached is my dollar. Please send me my fullsize can of CaraCoa. been collected by the Church in Utah, to

NAME ADDRESS poor emigrants in England for transportaPlease Print tion. They were expected to repay the

CITY STATE loan as soon as possible after arrival in

Please send another can of CaraCoa, with my compliments, to: Utah.

15By 1920 over 52,000 British Saints had

NAME ADDRESS. migrated. Eleven General Authorities of Please Print

the Church, including President John

CITY..STATE Taylor, were Britishborn. For these and

other interesting statistics see Bichard L.

Evans, A Century of Mormonism in Great

Britain (Salt Lake City, 1937), pp.

242248.

$20"Peace(Continued from page 185) BIG

in so vital today. our world Extra charge for delivery) is CARLOAD SALE Minimum purchase: two tables) is Basically, the to establish idea

ON ABC FOLDING ideascorrespondenceand items andof mutualexchangeinterestof between people at the "grass roots"BANQUET TABLES level. This is a very worthy project

SALT LAKE CABINET AND FIXTURE Durable tubularsteel if it is continually enlarged upon.

COMPANY just purchased an entire carfolding legs Our own missionary program is of these 29 inch 96 by load 30 by ABC Tempered masonite tops doing a marvelous work to bring Tables, are passing Folding and Banquet the savings on to you. Rigid and durable, with 1 %"steel aprons about a better understanding with

sleek and stylish. These tables are made all around peoples in other lands. We are

to last! Wearever metal edge being recognized in foreign lands

CALL IN OR COME Claude Williamson on top today more than at any time in the HU 4-6103 history of the Church. Our "Share

is bringing peace fiefa SALT LAKE CABINET & FIXTURE COMPANY the Gospel"plan 1436 South West Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah of mind and happiness to hundreds of thousands. World peace has

become an individual responsiMAKE- bility. "How beautiful upon the pECORATe Keep your Eras by b inding them in Improvement

feet. of that mountains, are the Fundof Men, women him ANY Members Church and

.. age for $2.50. binders. create, only Raising able decorate Era to Avail and now. 32MSM

all for special designholidays and learn.candles gorgeous Groupsand bringeth tidings, that good pubyon activity fascinating your and FUN, hobby tc i or order check your Send money unusualoccasions.group or at profitable spare church. or time business

..."forhome... will friends, clubs, stores DEMAND: ENORMOUS lisheth peace; (Isaiah 52:7.)

original, for everyonecolors, types shapes, your unique candle little in I0r as material As brings $2.00 income! ERA THE IMPROVEMENT

ail in this delight craftages easyto-learn...

ability artistic or required groupspreviousscents. experience we...

hew, stepby-step. clamorandAllNoshow you So. Salt City State 135 Lake 11, Utah

FREEFACTS CANDLEDept.X-891, INSTITUTEFallbrook. Calif.

210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Elder Joseph L, Wirthlin xm,Passes(Continued from page 173) MARY FEELEY to spend his time."Bishop Wirthlin was born in Salt Money

Lake City, Utah, August 14, 1893, the eldest son of Joseph and Emma Management

Hilstead Wirthlin. He came up

of the the various quorumsthrough Advisor, in all of functioningpriesthood, as superintendentthem. He served

Improvementof the Mutual AssociaHome Economist tion of the Eleventh Ward in theEnsign Stake, was counselor in the and Writer bishopric of the Thirtythird Ward, ten of that bishop ward forand was tells how to Live of theyears. became a member He

Stake of the Liberty councilhigh first of the Within Your Income president theand was

Bonneville Stake. He did missionary

work in the SwissGerman Mission where he served for one year. Because of World War I, he was transWeekdays in

ferred to the Central States Mission, where he finished his mission.

On September 14, 1916 Joseph L.

Wirthlin married Madeline Bitner, who survives with their sons and daughters: Joseph B., Mrs. Judith Of America's Great Newspapers

Parker, Mrs. Gwendolyn Cannon,

Richard B., and David B.; twentybrothers several grandchildren,one

stepmother. sisters, and hisand yiy xX <y

ifev a Wirthlin been Bishop had mem- >i-NA for of theber Second Murray Ward '*: 1 '"'si* 'J * ms?m wsw* m 1m 1-1IhPwW*V* his in years, residing farm onmany

't '*"$?< - & #< ''">.*# *1*! as ago, area. thethat Several months

area grew, and the ward was divided, he became a member of the

Murray Fifteenth Ward.

Funeral services were held at '.;*'

noon, Monday, January 28, in the

Assembly Hall on Temple Square.

The speakers were Elders Marion G.

Romney and Harold B. Lee of the r<;.*

Council of the Twelve and President BIBLEVeteranANDtraveler,BOOKDr. LynnOF MORMONM. Hilton leadsLANDSexcitingTOURnew tour to Central America and"Henry D. Moyle of the First Presi- a Middle East. w<Wdency—each of whom had worked

with him over the years in the CHURCH HISTORY - HILL CUMORAH PAGEANT TOUR (BY AIR)

Lynn A. McKinlay, Ivan J. Barrett and David H. Yarn reconstruct early Church movement.Church welfare program. President a

David O. McKay was in attendance

at the services. Elder Thorpe B. MORMONFor young menTRAIL(high EXPEDITIONschool seniors (CAMPand older)TOUR)directed by Merlin J. Shaw, camp tour

Isaacson, Assistant to the Twelve, expert. -f*

offered the invocation, Elder Carl W.

Buehner, of the general superinTOURExplore OFancientCENTRALruins of AMERICABook of Mormon era with Dr. Jess R. Bushman. tendency of the YMMIA, the bene- U D

diction; both men had served as OPTIONAL COLLEGE CREDIT CHURCH STANDARDS LOW COST

counselors to Elder Wirthlin when he was Presiding Bishop. CHECK ABOVE FOR COMPLETE DETAILS

CLIP THIS AD AND MAIL TO: Name—

There is no success, great or small, TRAVEL STUDY Address that is not the projection of one BRIGHAMPROVO, UTAHYOUNG UNIVERSITY City man's personality.

I \ $5 MARCH 1963 211 \k4 j MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

Many presidents of quorums feel that they are not knows what the Lord has in mind for a man when hequalified>wto serve in their office, and perhaps they is called to any position. Brigham Young once was

are not. But there is a principle guiding this, as well asked to be song leader for the Kirtland Branch Sacas all other calls to service. The Lord has said that rament and other public meetings, a humble calling

he will use the weak to confound the wise and the surely, but important. He accepted. We can imagine

strong. He knows the abilities of each man, and he that he was awkward as he swung the baton. But in

knows further, the capabilities also. That is, he knows the minds of those who asked him was the assurance

how far a man can develop his ability to perform well. that he was willing to try. They soon became sure

We believe that a man must be called of God. We that whatever he was asked would find him equally

apply that belief to calls made by any man holding willing. With practice came skill; again in the minds

authority to appoint others to position in the Church. of those who appointed him came the thought: he

The Lord God recognizes the authority of the man follows through.

who calls others and inspires him in his choice. Very Now let us suppose that a task was waiting for

often it will not be apparent that the man called has someone to do which required willingness to try and the requisite ability to do the work, but the Lord does the sustaining effort to keep at it until successful.

know. When any man is called to a position, he Those in authority would investigate the possibilities.

may rightly assume that somewhere in him is the There is Brigham, one would say. But he hasn't the

power and latent talent to perform the required skill. No, but he has the desire and the determination.

task. But he must step forward boldly, if humbly, In some such manner the Lord offers opportunities

and begin to work at the task. Only then does to serve and grow, then, seeing the result, he inspires

the inspiration come which enlarges him to meet those in authority to give the prospective leader more the responsibility. to do to test and instruct him further.

Development comes with acceptance. One never An opposite to this occurred to the brother of

The prophet requested me to take a seat with the brethren.... Instead, 1

arose and pled my inability to fill so responsible a position....

Brigham Young. Let him tell it in his own words: position, he is in a sense being tested on his willing-

"The 17th of February, 1834, those holding the ness—not his confidence, and he should accept. Then,

priesthood were called together for the purpose of once having accepted, if he does the best he can, organizing a High Council, and Elder L. D. Young was seeking information and practice, the Lord will enlarge

one of the number. Of this circumstance he says: him to meet the task. Once thus enlarged, he never

''On that occasion I committed a grave error, and moves backward, but always forward to greater and desire to leave a record of it, for a lesson to others. expanding responsibility.

The Prophet requested me to take a seat with the Any quorum president is in this position. He has

brethren who had been selected for this Council. been called or invited to serve. He thus may know

Instead of doing so I arose and plead my inability to that in him is the ability. All he needs to do is to go

fill so responsible a position, manifesting I think, to work. He meets his counselors, they study the

considerable earnestness in the matter. The Prophet handbook. They receive training from the stake Melthen said, he really desired I should take the place; chizedek Priesthood committee. (If you haven't had

but as I still excused myself he appointed another to this special training ask for it.) They read the Melfill it. I think this was the reason that he never again chizedek Priesthood pages in the February, March,

called me to fill any important position in the priestand April issues for 1962, in The Improvement Era.

hood. I have since learned to go where I am called, Then all the same topical pages for the remaining

and not set up my judgment against that of those who months, and for 1963 as they are issued. They organare called, to guide in this kingdom.'ize their standing committees and go to work.

Suppose Lorenzo had accepted. He really had They give true and devoted service to the quorum

enthusiasm and ability. He lacked confidence, which members, increasing faith by their faithfulness; desire

is no sin, but he had not learned that when a man by their desire; and action by their example. And

has been invited—or called, as we say—to serve in a they thus prepare themselves for greater things.

THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC'S PAGE BY ERNEST L. WILKINSON

CHANCELLOR OF THE UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL

SYSTEM OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF

LATTERDAY SAINTS AND PRESIDENT OF BRIGHAM

YOUNG UNIVERSITY.

If I were you and wanted to be a successful leader of my generation I would do the following:

1. I would express my appreciation

to my Heavenly Father every morning for the opportunities of the day, and

I would give an accounting to him each night for my performance during the day. This would give me a

proper spiritual perspective and motivation which would enable me to satisfy my ambition, without which no man can really be successful.

2. During my youth I would seek

hard physical jobs so as to build a tabernacle of flesh which would give me the physical reserve necessary to accomplish all the things I wanted when I became mature in years. In

later years I would preserve the physical stamina I had earned as a youth by taking regular and vigorous daily exercise. I have learned from

experience that the building of a strong body in early life is essential for the proper performance of mental duties later in life, as witness the relative vigor of President McKay now in his ninetieth year.

3. I would decide early in life on

a daily program for mental development, knowing that in these days unless one has superior mental accomplishments he cannot expect to be a leader. As a part of this mental

development I would begin a systematic program for reading good books, and I would early learn to

214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA memorize passages from them, including the standard scientific literalness, wiped out. Of course this has

works of the Church. its good side as well as its bad one. As we become

4. I would keep a careful diary each day by making permanent drunkards by so many separate drinks,

a short note of what I have accomplished at the end so we become saints in the moral, and authorities and of each day. This stimulates one better to use experts in the practical and scientific spheres, by so

one's time. many separate acts and hours of work. Let no youth

have any anxiety about the upshot of his education, 5. I would learn to budget my time and my exwhatever the line of it may be. If he keeps faithpenses, and I would keep a record so that at the end fully busy each hour of the working day, he may

of my life I would have a rather complete account safely leave the final results to itself. He can with

of what I had spent. In this way I would learn perfect certainty count on waking up some fine

to spend wisely, save prudently, live sanely, and morning, to find himself one of the competent ones give generously. of his generation, in whatever pursuit he may have

6. I would early develop habits of sobriety, of insingled out. Silently, between all of the details of

dustry, of religious devotion, of making and executing his business, the power of judging in all that class decisions; for a wellordered and successful life is of matter will have built itself up within him as a

almost entirely the result of habits developed in one's possession that will never pass away. Young people

youth. Bismark once remarked that onethird of the should know this truth in advance. The ignorance

people of history drank themselves to death, onethird of it has probably engendered more discouragement worked themselves to death, and the other onethird and faintheartedness in youth embarking on arduous ruled Europe. careers than all other causes put together."

In our day I am sure that at least onethird of the Based on my experience I know that if I were you people fail to accomplish their purposes because of and followed these simple rules I would become a bad habits. On the other hand, any theory that a leader of my generation.

large percentage work themselves to death is a demoralizing myth. Very few people who die prematurely do so because of hard work, but because

of disordered lives, unnatural stresses and strains, or disease. The desire to work and the exhilaration

obtained therefrom, which can be acquired as easily YOUR ATTITUDE IS SHOWING as anything else in life, actually lengthens, enriches, and glorifies one's life. As to the percentage who Friendliness and good sense of humor are priceless

serve mankind as leaders, I merely quote from the assets for young people. Look around and you will

philosopher and psychologist William James: observe that those who are popular—genuinely popu

"The psychological study of mental conditions is lar—are the ones who possess these two outstanding

thus the most powerful ally of hortatory ethics. The traits of character.

Hell to be endured hereafter, of which theology tells, You must realize that being popular is not simply is no worse than the Hell we make for ourselves in "going along with the gang."It is not simply being

this world by habitually fashioning our characters in handsome or a football star. Rather, popularity is a

the wrong way. Could the young but realize how result of proper attitudes, conscious effort, and true

soon they will become mere walking bundles of habits, leadership by maintaining high ideals. "Human

they would give more heed to their conduct while in beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes the plastic state. We are spinning our own fates, good of mind"is wise counsel offered by William James. In

or evil, and never to be undone. Every smallest stroke other words, you must practise positive thinking if

of virtue or of vice leaves its never so little scar. your lives are to be happy, wholesome, and popular

The drunken Rip Van Winkle, in Jefferson's play with others.

excuses himself every fresh dereliction by saying 1 You must avoid negative thinking which diminishes won't count this time.'Well! he may not count it, popularity and also happiness. Some negative traits

and a kind Heaven may not count it; but it is being are jealousy, ridicule, criticism, swearing, lying, telling

counted nonetheless. Down among his nerve cells smutty stories, thinking vulgar thoughts, and anger.

and fibers the molecules are counting it, registering Good people naturally shy away from those guilty of and storing it up to be used against him when the next such attitudes, and the influence and popularity of temptation comes. Nothing we ever do is, in strict such is diminished. (Continued on page 219)

MARCH 1963 215 TODAYS FAMILY, FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Let's sail on a March wind to the far corners of the earth. About this time

of year a restlessness sets in that is almost overpowering and an urge to go south if north is our home or north if south is our abode. Some call it spring fever and

claim that a dose of sulphur and molasses is a sure cure. But deep down in our

hearts we know a change of some sort is all that is needed. Perhaps this feeling

can be abated by reading colorful travel folders, imagining the swiftest jet has transported us to strange and glamorous places. Or maybe a trip to a movie

theater showing a travelogue of littleknown scenes will help for the moment.

Morning comes though, and this restlessness stirs again. Three, six, or eight

children and a husband to feed just add to the longing to be off into the clear blue yonder. Today is the time then to

put on your most becoming outfit and take off for a day of adventure. It's fun

to get lost for a day and to return in the late afternoon in time to prepare a scrumptious dinner for the family. It is

more than likely that the husband and the children are also longing for a change.

Surprise them, as they come in to dinner, with new tangy aromas wafting heavenward to bait the appetites of your merely mortal family.

Try a typical dinner from another country. Be venturesome. If you live in

England transport your family to the

Orient and serve them a Pineapple and

Shrimp Curry with Chinese vegetables.

A Canadian family could be happily surprised with delicious Borsch. A family in

the states would welcome spaghetti and a green salad plus a big round loaf of

Southof-theBorder Bread. Yorkshire

pudding with roast beef, a vegetable, and Trifle would make an elegant dinner in any country.

This great big world is just as large in miles as ever but something has happened to the rate of speed. I can remember when my grandfather said that no

human being had a right to go over twentyfive miles an hour. His mother

and father had walked across the plains at a rate of twenty miles a day if conditions were favorable. Two miles an hour

or six hundred and forty miles an hour, the year 1863 or 1963, as the case may be, many changes are evident! Someday the

MARCH 1963 217

world may hold just one culture, Pour the 5 cups of warm water in a Yorkshire Budding (will serve 6 one language, and one set of laws. large mixing bowl and add the generously

It's a sad thought when you consider yeast. Stir and dissolve. Add the

that what we now know as Main other ingredients and enough flour 10 tablespoons flour

Street might reach around the globe. to make a medium stiff dough. 2 eggs

No glamorous places left to travel Knead well for about 10 minutes. V2 teaspoon salt

to, no exotic alien cultures to study, Place in large oiled bowl and 2 cups milk no exquisitely different architecture cover. Let stand until it doubles in

to view, no shopping sprees to farbulk. Knead lightly and divide into Beat eggs thoroughly, add the other

away market places, just Main 4 parts. Form into round loaves and ingredients and beat well. Heat 12

Street! But tonight let us bring to place on round pie pans lightly tablespoons of hot beef drippings

Main Street a dinner from some farcovered with corn meal. (Do not taken from the roast in two 9 inch

off place. grease the pie pans.) Brush the cake pans. Place the pans in the

loaves with cold water and slash the oven and allow them to become hot.

Shrimp and Pineapple Curry tops three times. Put in a cold -oven Into the sizzling fat pour the

set at 450 degrees F. Bake for 40 pudding mixture. Allow to bake

5 tablespoons butter minutes. Remove from pans and about 45 minutes in a 375 degree F.

1 cup onion rings cool. oven. Serve immediately with rich

brown gravy.

5 tablespoons chopped green pepstill in England with per Beef Stroganoff While we are 6 tablespoons flour this Yorkshire Pudding let me give recipe unusual an you calls for a Trifle recipe for economy meatlVz teaspoons curry powder This that given style was in by Sister Nathan cuts a distinctive and is

Vz teaspoon salt which to prepare beef for stew. Tanner to Elaine Cannon while she

3 cups pineapple tidbits was in England on MIA work. This

1 large can evaporated milk 2 pounds of beef for stew, cut in is a very special recipe, and we are 2 10 oz. packages frozen shrimps V2 inch wide pieces grateful to Sister Tanner for gener-

1 large can Chinese noodles 6 tablespoons flour ously sharing it with us.

IV2 teaspoons salt Melt the butter and add the onions, Vi teaspoon pepper Trifle green pepper; saute until tender. 3 tablespoons lard or other fat

Blend in the flour, curry powder, 1 cup chopped onions Using the largest crystal bowl (prettiest in the one cupboard) salt paste. a Gradually to formand juice 1 tomato cup alternate of layers cake, spongestir in the pineapple undrained and 1-4 can ounce mushrooms fruit, of spoonfuls Jello, custard. milk. shrimps, theevaporated Add 1V2 liquid cups (water and liquid all a layer of with Top whipped stirring until constantlyheat, mixfrom mushrooms fruit cream. the For cheruse red is are thickenedture shrimps and flour tablespoons 2 ries, bananas, peaches, pineapple, serving,cooked. before heat Just

V2 slices. pears, water cup orange and in a F.noodles 300 degree oven and

arrange on heated platter; pour 1 cup dairy sour cream

shrimp mixture over the noodles and Cooked noodles Custard Recipe for the Trifle.

serve immediately.

Combine the flour, salt, and pepper. 5 tablespoons enriched flour

Dredge meat in the seasoned flour. V2 cup sugar This Southof-theBorder Bread is

Brown in the fat. Add the onion Vz teaspoon saltone of the most interesting breads to and brown slightly. Pour off the 2 cups milk, scaldedmake. In no time at all you have

four large round loaves of finely drippings. Add the tomato juice. 2 slightly beaten eggs

Drain the mushrooms, reserving the 1 teaspoon vanillagrained delicious bread. This bread

freezes well. Also you will find that liquid. Add sufficient water to mushroom liquid to make V/z cups. Mix the dry ingredients in the topit will slice into very thin slices Add liquid. Cover tightly and cook of double boiler. Gradually addwithout breaking and will make unusually good toast. Don't miss this slowly P/2 hours. Add the mushscalded milk, stirring constantly.

together the 15 until 2 tableCook about Mix minutes or treat. a batch today and rooms. Make

thick. the Vz spoons flour water. bit of and cup the hot mixture Add a or cold.serve it either hot

Add and cook, stirring constantly to the eggs until well mixed and stir until thickened. Fold in the sour this mixture into remaining custard.

Southof-theBorder Bread cream and cook until just heated Continue cooking 3 more minutes.

through. Serve over cooked noodles. Add vanilla or a few drops of al-

2 yeast cakes Will serve six persons. mond flavoring. Cool before adding

5 cups warm water to the layers of cake, Jello, and fruit.

2 tablespoons sugar No truly English roast beef dinner

IV2 tablespoons salt is complete without Yorkshire PudIf you like Borsch and want a

Vi teaspoon ground ginger ding. The following is a simple simple recipe that is delicious, try

14 cups flour (approximately) but really good recipe. this one that came from Europe.

218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Borsch (Good served as a soup appetizer Mash or blend in blender 1 #2Vz Distinotiv* can of beets, juice and all. Combine1 can cream of chicken soup and Bindings

1 can consomme (both undiluted.)

Stir until smooth and fold in the For a Permanent beets and Vz cup sour cream. Serve Reference of The

with a topping of sour cream. Improvement Era

Polish Salad For 12 issues in handsome covers only $3.30.

3 hard boiled eggs, grate the yolk All orders should be of one accompanied with 12 1 cup thick sour cream 1 teaspoon lemon juice Improvement Eras and

Dash of onion salt payment in advance, 1 teaspoon sugar plus postage for return

Vi head of lettuce for each serving mail.

Mix the grated yolk of one of the life*/ hard boiled eggs with the sour cream, lemon juice, onion salt, and sugar. Pour this dressing over the

lettuce hearts. Dice the remaining

eggs and sprinkle over salads as a garnish.

A WIFE'S VALENTINE BY ANNIE LAURIE VON TUNGELN

When I ask on rare occasions, Does he love me, does he care?

All I need is but remember Years of tender loving wear.

Your Attitude is Showing {Continued from page 215) Genuine popularity must be earned if it is to endure. It must

be based on effort, on right thinking, on kindness, on helpfulness, on friendliness and a warm smile, on fairness, on loyalty, on moral cleanliness, on prayer, on high ideals.

Genuine popularity requires a consistent attitude of friendliness and courtesy. Such a person is polite and

as well aspleasant and Dad to Mom to Gr/uFFRE. at school. friends Continueto

practise positive traits of character. A title on the door... rates a Bigelow on the floor

You will then find friends all around you because such an attitude is de- P. S. Have you chiseled a niche in the business Hall of Fame? Then you know one

sirable and attractive to others. This classic symbol of success is a cushiony Bigelow underfoot. The guys and gals in

is one of the ways to be truly popular. the gallery will envy the quiet, comfort and distinction of your new Bigelow

Carpet. Bigelows are available in special designs, colors and textures. Write for

our colorful free brochure on Bigelow commercial carpets to Dept. A, 140 Madison

Avenue, New York, N. Y. People who know... buy BIGELOW.

MARCH 1963 219 CAKE PAN LINERS with 4 coupons from MARCAL KITCHEN CHARM WAXED PAPER

See details on every package!

At stores everywhere!

Your best buy!

A WISE REDUCING PLAN DR. ELAINE R. MONSEN

UTAH NUTRITION COUNCIL

Tempfie invitations What kind of impression do you anced. If you consume more energy

is To Compliment make on people when you put your than you spend, the extra energy best foot forward? Skinny lifelessstored by your body in the form of Your Temple

ness? Stocky silhouette? Massive fat. This fat stays in the body until Marriage

obesity? or wellproportioned beauty, it is needed to supply energy—that

actual Replica of full vitality is, of zest for living? until and eat less a day you when

is relief Temple figure The you energy on the than spend. cut depends our you Thus the on embossed

reception folder. total energy you spend and the bodies compensate to keep us in

food you eat. "balance."You will gain weight by

| 100 only Everybody needs energy. We simply eating more energy (or

3SJ $8.95 need1—energyenergyforfornormaltwo mainbodyreasons:funcwillcalories)be storedthan youby yourneed—thebody. excessYou

Thermographed tions—for our heart to beat, for our will lose weight if you eat less

Raised Lettering lungs to breathe, and 2—energy for energy (or calories) than you are

physical activity—to sit, stand, walk, spending—the deficit will be madeOther styles as low as 100 for $5.95. Also

Temple Marriage Albums. Write for FREE catalog dance, clean house, swim, and ski. up by energy your body has stored

and invitation samples (state temple desired.) We have to have energy for life. from body fat, and thus weight

get energy from all the foods is lost. REXCRAFTRexburg, Idaho We

(Catalog sent airmail for 25?!) that we eat—from the carbohydrate, Nearly onefifth of the people livprotein, and fat contained in the ing in the United States who are

Discount Price on foods that we consume. Our bodies past the age of 30 are overweight!

burn these compounds to get the Being overweight greatly increases energy required for LIONEL by the the body chance diabetes of developing ACCESSORIES TRAINS & its activities. as long and mellitus, As hypertension, and coronary 'HO'- '027'—'O'- Super-O gauge life

SCIENCE CHEMISTRY SETS the energy we take in ( energy from atherosclerosis, just to mention a

AUTO RACING SETS food eaten) equals the energy exfew diseases. If you are overweight,

Send for beautiful, illustrated fullcolor 100 pended (energy spent for body ask your family physician to give

Lionel Catalogue. page Include 25c for mail- /unctions and physical activity) the you a medical examination and to ing charges. handling and

weight of the body remains constant. help you with a sensible low caloTOTS & TOYS HAMMOND

City Lake Highland Drive Salt 17, Utah Difficulties result when energy inrie regime. 4835

Name take and expenditure are not bal- A diet to lose weight can provide

Address

City State

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CoCoNuTry you with all the nutrients your body I needs—except calories. You can

have vitality and health, while seeing unneeded pounds leave each week,

if plan. reducing a wise you follow

is a sample of aBelow 1200 Bake 'em quick day diet.calorie Notice the enjoyable and easy with variety of foods.meals and

Fleischmann's high, Breakfast high rising yeast 1 poached egg on 1 slice buttered toast CANDY COOKIES (makes 16)

Vz cup orange juice Vz cup chopped hard lemon dropsVz cup milk, skim %Vi cupcup sugarmilk 1 teaspoon salt teaspoons grated 2 rind lemon

V3 cup Fleischmann's Margarine 2 eggs, slightly beaten hunch Va1 cuppackagewarmFleischmann'swater 33 cupscups unsiftedflaked coconutflour

Active Dry Yeast 1 cup chopped peanuts

V2 cup cottage cheese Scald milk; stir in sugar, salt and Fleischmann's Margaor Vz cup tuna fish rine; cool to lukewarm. Measure warm water into large

sliced tomato and lettuce salad bowl. Sprinkle in Fleischmann's Yeast; stir until dischilled asparagus solved. Add milk mixture, lemon drops, lemon rind, eggs

flour. Stir until and well blended. nuts, coconut Mix andhot consomme

spread large sheet out on of paper. batter waxed by Drop5-2 inch square saltines tablespoons onto coconut mixture and roll. Place on

greased baking sheets. Cover; let rise in warm draftfree

Dinner place until doubled, about 1 hour.

Bake at 350 F. for 20 minutes.

V pound broiled beef string beans FINE PRODUCTS eischmann's Vz cup carrots STANDARD BRANDS cabbage salad with 1 teasp oon mayonnaise 1 cup milk Vz cup spiced tomato juice 1 muffin 1 teaspoon butter 1 small pear ( unsweetened

Snacks HE'S GOTVz cup milk, skim 1 small apple YOUR 2 graham, crackers NUMBER (or has he?)

If the phone you use is listed

A HOMEMAKER PRAYS AT under another's name in the

TWILIGHT telephone directory, chances

BY HELEN TRUE are you've been missing some important calls. The remedy

is simple. Get your own name

Let there be laughter, gentle words, in the new directory by ordering and singing, a personalized listing. The low

Under the shelter of this roof tonight. cost—only 50 cents a monthMay tender thoughts from heart to includes your name, address,

heart go winging and the number of the phone

Beneath the candlelight. you use. For quick action,

just call our business office.

These whom I love may wander far MOUNTAIN STATES TELEPHONE (J) hereafter, But this good night is mine to make strong, them them in Improvement your Eras by binding Keep SACRAMENTP.B.O. ApprovedTRAYS for Available Era binders. only $2.50. now can measure all the power whoAnd

of laughter Send your check or money order to Bottom of water100%trayDRIPLESSholds all used cups.Or tell the strength of song? THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Water Tray $7.00—Matching Bread Tray $3.00

135 South State Street PLASTICAL CO., INC.

Salt Lake City 11, Utah 13012 So. Normandie, Gardena, Calif.

MARCH 1963 221 YOU CAN RENT IT!

HOWE RENTS SALES AND RENTALS

Beds—Wheel Chairs

Commodes—Crutches

Tables—Chairs—Dishes

Punch Bowls—Grills

Silverware Tractors—Forklifts

Trucks—Air Compressors

All Types Tools

Salt Lake City 2375 South State 4860055 Ogden 1627 Washington Blvd EX 4-9414

FOLDING

PEDESTAL TABLES Direct from factory saving to Churches, Schools, UNDERSTANDING UNSELFISHNESS

Clubs, Lodges and all organizations. MONROE 1963 BY EVELYN WITTER

unmatchedFolding Banquetfor quality,Tablesduraare bility, convenience and handsome appearance. 94 models and sizes for

every use. Write for prices, catalog.

yell told let sirenloud out a make me began to me realize Jimmy FREE -BIG 1963 CATALOG

Color pictures. Full line tables, chairs, MONROE is little that unselfishness next door an accomplishfrom when Bobby

table chair trucks, and platformrisers, portable partitions. Write today! picked up the panda which Jimmy ment parents had to understand

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa had thrown into the corner hours ago. before they could help their chil-

"Why, Jimmy,"I reprimanded my dren acquire it. What he said put

son, "that isn't nice! Bobby is welme on the track of helping Jimmy

in Security Do You Want Your Home? come to play with your panda."get over selfishness as I had helped Should fail your gas power or

THERMORITE "Mine! Mine!"Jimmy insisted. him get over other miseries like colic.

"The Miracle Glass Enclosure"But then this was not an uncomThe doctor said: "Little children

with coal, will heat your coal stove. This is the modern front wayroomsof likeenjoy-a mon scene. Even though Jimmy's naturally tend to center theiring your fireplace. nursery and play pen were crowded thoughts on themselves and their

No fe-.r..'with too many toys—there were toys wants. Even the youngest baby's

Smoke chair, dangling yell on the high pushed is thwarted shows he when

No cupboards, in a stacked clearly and wants wants that he what he Sparks into

No decorated basket in the dining when he wants it even though he

Drafty Floors room—Jimmy grew redmad if any can't put his wishes into words. For

Ample child touched one of them. the very young baby, people are Heat

Solid His selfishness worried me. I practically unnecessary except as

Brass didn't know what to do about it, executors of his commands. Grad-

"A Thing of Beauty, Economy and Safety and most of all, I didn't underually, however, a baby begins to in Fine Treasured Everywhere"Homes for Folder stand it. find out that the people around him Write Free Colored or Phone

4817 HolladayBENNIONBlvd.THERMORITESalt LakeSALESCity, Utah Fortunately, by mere chance, I have wants and wishes too. He

Phone CR 8-8811 or AM 6-3310 thought to tell the doctor about it. finds out that their wishes often

inAvailable glass, leading furniture and buildin stores the intermountain area. It was after one of Jimmy's regular interfere with his. How the child ing supply

FULLY GUARANTEED checkups when the doctor said: is guided in the matter of other

"He's getting along very normally."people's wishes determines whether

Keep your Eras by binding them in Improvement "Physically, maybe,"I said, "but he becomes selfish or unselfish."

Era binders. Available now for only $2.50. temperamentally, no.""I see,"I said. But I really didn't

Send your check or money order to And then I went on to say how see until I thought about what the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA selfish Jimmy was. What the doctor doctor had told me, and began to

135 South State Street Salt Lake City 11, Utah

222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA try ways to teach Jimmy to be THE WHOLE sociallya acceptable human being FAMILY LEARNS unselfish child.... a genuinely

I tried many different approaches to teaching unselfishness. Some were with

failures, and some were very successful.

The first bit of success came whenwe took into account that Jimmy HOME was the center of the household, about whom everything else revolved. And as Bill, my husband, STUDY

said: "No one could help being

selfish if he knew he was the one on whom everything else revolved in his own house. If everyone gives

NAMEin to him, then naturally he feels he PLEASE SEND is the most important person in the ADDRESSworld... his world at least."FREE

So, Jimmy learned to give in to HOME STUDY CITY STATE sometimes.Bill and examFor me CATALOG TO... TO: HOME STUDY, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utahple: telephone had a Daddy When

call, we turned off the record player so he could hear better. When it

to get dinner, timewas Mommy SALT LAKE CITY'S llecowtf oteC * couldn't the run kitchen between dining playand room to blocks. HOTEL easy! Oh, it wasn't Persistence

won, though. Jimmy began to acTEMPLE SQUARE

cept the fact, through daily explanaMODERN COFFEE SHOPS DINING ROOMS tions and actions, that Daddy and

Mommy had certain rights which DOWNTOWN RATES:

were to be respected. SINGLES $6.00

One mistake we made was to DOUBLES $8.00

fawn over Jimmy when he showed TWINS $10.00

the least sign of being unselfish. We

complimented him many times. That

was wrong. Jimmy began to use

unselfishness as a play for attention, like one day when Bobby came over,

Jimmy handed him the panda and looked to me for approval. I gave

it to him, saying how nice he was, Children Under and how proud of him I was. As 12 Free

soon as my compliments were over and he had received attention for FREE Drive -/nPapk/ng his act, he grabbed the panda back! Clarence L. West, Manager

On the other hand, there was PHONE EL 5-2961 marked success in teaching Jimmy 75 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah the meaning of unselfishness by letting him do things for others.

I I cooked,While asked Jimmy to AN INDEX FOR YOUR certain things.hand I would WHEAT MILL me

point to the measuring cups and 1962 IMPROVEMENT ERAS ONLY ifsay: help to you want "Now, volreference Era's marvelous your Make

the biggest cup."handMommy, me with them, complete binding an $695 umes by POSTPAID

library. for the your apples home the putOr, "You from bag index, ANYWHERE

to the bowl."And I never forgot to Bound volumes of the Era are also an UNITEDIN THESTATES

say, "Thank you!"which showed invaluable part of your WARD LIBRARY. Cracks or grinds

wheal, corn and adequately very that I appreJimmy 1962 BY SENDING ERA INDEX GET all YOUR kinds of hard efforts. hisciated grains, or soft TO: COSTS COVER TO HANDLING lbs. min. pr Vi ORDER This sharing and I 10c that Jimmy BY MAIL 1

did in the kitchen carried over The Improvement Era GUARANTEED when Jimmy got a new truck from 1 35 South State Street SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS

Salt Lake City 11, Utah PEHRSON HARDWARE 21 15 So 1 1th East, Salt Lake City

MARCH 1963 223 his grandmother. After he had them from one chair to another. him. I think of unselfishness as one

played by himself for a long time, All of a sudden Barbara, who had of his outstanding personality traits,

I suggested that we call Bobby over been sitting quietly watching them perhaps the very one which has won to play with the truck too. And as from the other side of the room, him so many friends. (Yes, Bobby is

Jimmy and Bobby enjoyed their rushed at the trucks and dumped still our most frequent visitor.)

play, I realized that another step in the blocks all over the floor. I know that training from infancy

the direction of unselfishness had The two boys protested vigoris what helped Jimmy accomplish been taken, for Jimmy showed that ously. I had to step in. "Barbara unselfishness. First, learning that he

he felt pleasure is even greater just wants to play with you,"was not the only important member when it is shared. I explained. of the household; second, learning

Another mistake I made was When Jimmy and Bobby underthat unselfishness was not an instruthinking Jimmy was inconsiderate stood, they were perfectly willing to ment for attention getting; third,

when actually it was his lack of let Barbara join in the fun, and I acquiring the habit and feeling the understanding the situation. One learned that one way to teach unpleasure of helping others; fourth,

afternoon there were several chilselfishness is to help your child finding there is joy in sharing; and

dren playing in our living room. understand other people's wishes. fifth, trying to understand the wishes

Jimmy and Bobby were loading Jimmy is fifteen now. I never of others—these were the means by

blocks on trucks and transporting associate the word "selfish"with which he learned unselfishness.

Celestial Culture Envisions ing a God, must continually choose speaks of "treasures"as the outCelestial Personality the culture which God has provided growth of our values. If we strive

for exaltation. for the values of the world, our

(Continued from page 182) In God's celestial culture he has treasure is worldly. But worse, we

set up a system of behavior, of develop personality traits compatible values, traits, norms, authority, rewith the world, just as the Master sponsibility, organization, activities, declared, "there will your heart be particular ways of responding to teachings, and a source of nourishalso."Jesus pointed out the impossivarious situations must be observed. ment for man's soul—the Holy Ghost bility of continuing to love the world

Ennobling feelings and aspirations—which will provide the faithful with and the things of the spirit: "No

are essential, and these can only be spiritual experiences necessary for man can serve two masters: for

instilled in a person through a the development of a celestial pereither he will hate the one, and love spiritual culture. sonality. And just as the products the other; or else he will hold to the

God declares that his objective is of each culture are different from one, and despise the other. Ye can-

"to bring to pass the immortality those of other cultures, each having not serve God and mammon."

and eternal life of man,"and that patterns unique to its own people (Matt. 6:24.) Why? Because in

God's glory is his intelligence. He and culture, hence the souls reared serving, a person becomes the likealso states that he desires man to in God's culture are a "peculiar"ness of the featured thing he conobtain the same intelligence which people, living in the world but not tinually serves, hence one cannot

he himself has obtained. To aid of the world. worship both God and Mammon.

in making this possible, he has Therefore, it is through observing One's personality is most difficult provided a culture which will enable the teachings of Jesus Christ and to change. Amulek declares: "Ye

an individual to develop within his committing ourselves to his culture, cannot say, when you are brought soul those spiritual traits which including nis ordinances and comto that awful crisis, that I will characterize a Godlike personality, mandments, and serving our fellow repent, that I will return to my God.

for these will be the only people men in the manner which he preNay, ye cannot say this; for that

who can enjoy living in the presence scribes, that will assist us to be same spirit [with its personality] of God. like him. which doth possess your bodies at

Conversely, if a person chooses to The foregoing teachings constitute the time that ye go out of this life, live in a different culture, one that some of the reasoning behind such that same spirit [with its personality] is analogous to the telestial world, scriptures as: will have power to possess your body

he will obtain but a telestial person- "Love not the world, neither the in that eternal world."(Alma 34:34.)

ality. If an individual shapes his things that are in the world. If any In keeping with our theme, the

life around lying, stealing, and man love the world, the love of the invitation to "come out of Babylon,"sensual pleasures, a celestial culture Father is not in him. to live in, but be not of the world, is

would hardly appeal to him. A simi- "For all that is in... the eyes, and an invitation to structure one's values

lar analogy may be made for those the pride of life, is not of the Father, continually on "God's culture"; thus

of a terrestrial nature. Likewise, but is of the world."(1 John acquiring for oneself a "celestial perthose who seek a maximization of 2:15, 16.) sonality,"both here and in the life

their full potential, that of becomIn Matthew 6:1924, the Lord to come.

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Tomtdewelyn, Bhtroit Stake, Michigan Charlene Carlson, Holladay Stake, Utah of YouthMarch 1963 Marion D. Hanks, Editor;

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

Be Ye Separate BY MARION D. HANKS

"... all you that are desirous to follow the voice of

the good shepherd, come ye out from the wicked, and be ye separate, and touch not their unclean things;..."

(Alma 5:57.)

"... be ye clean, that bear the vessels of the Lord."

(Isaiah 52:11.)

The two handsome young deacons revercompleted their sacred assignment and took ently passing the Sacrament of the Lord's their chairs in the congregation with the

Supper to the small British congregation other members of the Church. I sat watchreminded one of other fine Latterday Saint ing gratefully, thinking of the Good Shepyoung men performing similar service for herd and repeating to myself the words...

the Master all over the globe. They were a. be ye separate...."

12 years old, clean, wholesome, manly, clear- u. be ye clean, that bear the vessels

eyed boys. Quietly and worshipfully they of the Lord. 1 '

"A DISTINCTION WITH A DIFFERENCE"

It is truly a distinction to be a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, if being one makes you different from what you otherwise might be and from what the crowd often is.

Young people often dislike the notion of being different, they like to be one of the gang. Your parents and teachers and church leaders know this and understand the need for youth to be accepted

and respected. But they also know that a Mormon boy or girl must sometimes choose between being

"accepted"by the wrong crowd or "respected"by the right one. They know that the Lord has

spoken plainly on the subject, saying:

"COME YE OUT FROM THE WICKED""BE YE SEPARATE""TOUCH NOT THEIR UNCLEAN THINGS"

Does this need much interpretation or application to your particular circumstances?

Think now about your immediate future. Young men, think of bearing the Sacrament trays,

of breaking the bread and preparing the water, of kneeling to utter the sacred blessing. Think of

226 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA holding your missionary credentials. Think of placing your hands on the head of a person who is

ill to bless him, or of taking the hand of your bride in the holy temple, or of holding your own infant in your arms and to give it a name and blessing before a congregation of the Saints.

Lovely girls, think of accepting the hand of your chosen one in the temple, consider the caress of your fingertips on your baby's lips, your cool hand on a loved one's fevered brow.

"BE YE SEPARATE. 'BE YE CLEAN, THAT BEAR THE VESSELS OF THE LORD..

Elaine Cannon says,

"It's a bright idea"

not to hide your candle under a bushel (read Matthew 5:1516 once more

in terms of YOU).

to dream dreams and make wishes, remembering that your Aladdin's lamp is your willingness to work to make things come true.

to hitch your wagon to a star... to look heavenward... to think jfr

big... to climb high... to cultivate the upward reach.

to admit that Jesus wants you for a sunbeam, too. He needs teens

as well as toddlers to light the way for others.

to flash your smile, beam your beam upon those you meet. Jj

Watch their faces light up, too.

to realize that the moon has many moods, many faces. So have you! Each

of its is lovely. Are yours?

to let the warmth of your hearth spread the warmth of your heart. Popcorn and people and firelight spell fun.

MARCH 1963 227 I How can put the teachin The following is a transcript of a tape recording made of an informal panel discussion conducted by members

Moderator: We as seminary students are happy for and makes us want to do our best. But we

this opportunity to discuss with you the subject, shouldn't stop here. After the event we should

"How can we as LDS youth put Christian principles close in prayer and give thanks.

into action in our lives?"We already realize the Bonnie: Let's not forget the importance of havimportance of this particular question so may we ing prayer as a family in our family hour. I

begin the discussion by asking the question, "How agree with what has been said about prayer, but do you feel that we as young Christians can prolet me add this. By praying with the family it

mote and incorporate the principles that Christ taught teaches us all how to pray and especially the into our lives?"younger children. We can promote the teachings

Doug: I feel that one of the most important ways of Christ by beginning each meal with prayer

is through daily prayer. regardless of where we are eating. It doesn't have

to be long and spectacular but a mere tilt of the

Kareen: Yes, but it's more than just saying our head, closed eyes, and a few silently uttered words

daily prayers. I agree that Christ taught us to meant in sincerity is sufficient.

have individual prayer, but it is more than just Moderator: These have been some excellent suggespraying. We should become more conscious of tions concerning prayer. Are there any other ways

God and make it a habit at least twice daily to in which we can incorporate Christian principles and have our personal prayers.

adapt them into our lives?

Kenneth: Group prayer before games, meetings, Bonnie: Yes, I feel I can promote Christian prinand rehearsals for different events is invaluable ciples into my life by encouraging good family

228 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA life?gs of Christ into my

of the Rexburg (Idaho) Seminary under the direction of

Brother Glayde Hill. How do you feel about what has been said?

relations. We should do the dishes with a smile, being told to.

put away our clothes, make our bed, assist Mom Stuart: We can help promote Christian principles

with the evening meal, even if it's just volunteerand better family relations by doing everything we ing to stir the gravy. When it's time to make do with a happy Christlike spirit. Groaning or

the bed, don't just make your half and leave the finding fault never made for pleasantries.

other half for Sis. Why not make the whole bed

and perhaps even pick up your sister's things Moderator: Christ taught us many lessons. What

as well? Family memories are lasting memories. other ways can we adapt his principles to make them

Things like popping corn together, pulling taffy, part of our lives?

decorating the Christmas tree together, even if Stuart: We can make Christian principles come to

little sister does hang the ornaments on upside- life by showing our love toward our fellow men down. Sharing is definitely a Christian principle. through service. Christ stressed this throughout

We can share our belongings and teach our his life. If we truly want to help someone, we

younger brothers and sisters to share by setting must be awake and on our toes to catch the opporthe example. tunities as they present themselves. We can help

Doug: We can become very close to our father's those who are older to mow lawns, chop wood,

work and share in his spirit by helping him with wash the big front room window and merely let his responsibilities. We can meet him at the store them know that we have willing hearts and able

and sweep the floor in the evening, shine his shoes hands. We can give comfort and condolance to

while we are in the process of shining our own, those who have just lost a loved one or who are or surprise him by washing the car without ill.

MARCH 1963 229 Kenneth: As Christ went about doing good, we activities.

too can do the same by boosting morale. At these Kareen: We should respect others by sharing only

times it can be doubly important when we share the good we have heard rather than the bad. We

our testimonies with both our word and our deed. seldom know both sides of the story when we have

Stuart: I feel that at the close of the day if we heard it from only one person.

can answer yes to the question, "Have I done any

Lorraine: We should have respect for church andgood in the world today?"then we are promoting

civic buildings by not marring them. We canChristian principles. We should consciously think

refrain from sticking gum under the seats and up ways to delight others.

dropping paper on the floors.

Lorraine: We can welcome newcomers to church

by a friendly smile and handshake. We can say Kenneth: I would like to think that we respect

hello to the shy guy on the way to our next class church officials and those who hold government in school. offices—not only respect but offer our support.

Kareen: Along the line of service, we can do our Stuart: Even those who are not quite as fortunate

part in the church programs by leading singing, as ourselves, we have no right to make fun of them taking a part in the oneact play, and giving a because of the clothes they wear or the way they 2Y2 minute talk with the attitude, "Not that I wear their hair.

have to, but that I want to."Doug: In the schoolroom we should have respect

Doug: As fellows, we should remember the rules for the teacher and our classmates. We should

of proper etiquette by opening doors for ladies, listen when we should be listening and not incarrying in the groceries for mother, helping fringe on another person's right to speak or them with their coats, and holding their chairs to study.

at the dinner table. Moderator: Would setting an example have anyKareen: Girls can be of service by baking an extra thing to do with promoting Christian principles?

loaf of bread or an extra dozen cookies and taking Doug: Yes; Christ was such an influence on the

them to the shutin or the widower just down world because of the example which he set. By

the street. our attitude toward school and our studies we

Lorraine: One of the finest ways to promote Chriscan undoubtedly influence quite a few, our grades

tian principles is by showing respect to both being the products of our studies. We can set an

people and property. Respect other members of example to our friends and families by attending

the family by looking out for their welfare and our church meetings and seminary classes reguhappiness. If you enjoy getting up at an early larly with a pleasant, wholesome spirit.

hour to study and your sister likes to sleep for Kenneth: We can set an example by the clothes we

that extra half hour, we should be quiet so she can. wear, the things we do, and the way we talk.

Lorraine: We can keep the Sabbath holy by learnStuart: We can show respect to parents by asking ing to say "No"when offers of pleasure and light

for their advice even if we don't think that we mindedness present themselves.

need it. It may even surprise us by the answer Stuart: We can avoid places and circumstances

we get. where we know already that temptation and evilKenneth: We can respect others by not making

delights in being.

fun of their beliefs or making light of a person if he is of a different race or cultural environLorraine: Our younger brothers and sisters really

ment. It helps ourselves to grow and develop as look up to us. We can set an example for them

well as these persons to involve them in our to folloiv by speaking kindly of each other and

230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA living the type of life that we would like them to live.

Kenneth: As LDS teens we really have a responsibility to set an example because of our non LDS Thou shalt

friends. They seem to be continually watching

and waiting for us to make a mistake so they cancall it to our attention. We can set this example Love the Lord

and promote Christian principles by being honest. BY JUDITH STEPHAN

We must be honest with ourselves, with others, and with our God. Cheating in tests is not going

to benefit anyone. Neither will it benefit us to Know the Lord!

take the family car without asking for it nor will How can you love someone that you do it help save a life to run a stop sign. Shoplifting not know? One of the most basic problems

facing you in life is that of establishing your is becoming a major problem in the United States. personal relationship to God. Knowledge

and communication are vital in becoming

Stuart: We should be honest and fair with others acquainted with him. Search the scriptures.

in just little things as well. Even if it is just givThey reveal the character and personality

of God. Seek the Lord in person in your

ing another his rightful turn or returning the own prayers. Find out his will concerning

miscounted change. you individually.

Kenneth: Admit you make mistakes. Tell others

you are sorry and you will try to do better. Show your love

Bonnie: We can be honest with God by paying an for the Lord!

honest tithing and fast offerings. Your knowledge must lead to action. Pattern your life after his will—in school, at

Doug: It would be admirable as well as honest to play, at home!

take credit only when credit is due. This includes

Idoing your own assignments and writing your own term paper instead of borrowing from your Share your love neighbor. for the Lord!

As your life changes, it will have a marked

Lorraine: When we work for another person we influence on those around you. You will

should not only put in our time but also give him find that your love for the Lord can actually an honest day's work. be shared. You can work in partnership

with God in three exciting ways: by your

Stuart: We can incorporate all of these principles example to the members, by seeking investigators, by doing genealogical work for

into our lives and receive help in doing it if we will the salvation of the dead.

only ask our Father in heaven for that help. In

these prayers let us make it a practice to remain

Endure in your on our knees until we feel the Spirit and nearness love for the Lord! of our God.

After you find the Lord, experience his love,

Moderator: There are undoubtedly many ways in and share it with others, be unwavering

which we can and should promote and adapt Chrisin your devotion to him.... "And if thou

tian principles into our lives. We realize that we art faithful unto the end thou shalt have a

crown of immortality, and eternal life in have covered only a few of the many ways but hope the mansions which I have prepared in the that we have given you some ideas whereby you can house of my Father."(D&C 81:6.)

grow and incorporate the Master's teachings into your own lives in a way that will be meaningful and applicable to you.

MARCH 1963 231 The future of the Church is in your hands.

Since you'll want to be a worthy leader, here is some practical help for you.

Melanie Richards, Allen Salisbury, Mt. Olympus Stake, Utah

YOU ARE A LEADER—if you can lead yourself

—if you can follow the suggestions that you give to yourself

—if you can experience the joy and self respect that comes with selfdiscipline

and selfcontrol.

Maturity may very well be marked by that moment when external discipline is no longer necessary because you have learned to "handle yourself."It's a wonderful

change when this occurs because whether we achieve at sixteen or sixtyfive or ninetyfive—we've arrived! Wisdom, humility, vigor, and joy all follow right along.

At any age, we all have to progress from where we are. So sit down and ask yourself these questions:

What are the areas wherein I have mastered myDo I honor my word—keep my promises?

self? Almost—or completely?

Can I exercise compassion, understanding, tolerDo I handle my temper? My appetites? My sense ance, and sympathy without forsaking any basic

of humor? principles?

Have I learned to do my work—home, school, or Can I pass up the desire to win when the cost is

other—when and how I should? too great?

Have I developed a feeling for the "Fitness of Can I refrain from interruption, interference, cheatthings?"ing, and white lies?

Am I growing in consideration and tact? Do I get Can I avoid reading, listening to, or repeating

along well with family and friends? gossipy or unsavory stories?

If in any of these spots you are on top of yourself, you are a leader in that field. Rejoice and

work harder at your weak points. Turn your failures into successes. Don't give way to discouragement—that's part of the selfdiscipline. Improve today, tomorrow, next week, next month.

Here are two final suggestions: First, watch your words. There is a wonderful promise given

to all of us in the New Testament, James 3:2.

"If any man offend not in word, the same is a perfect man and able also to bridle the whole body."

Think of that when Mother says, "No."Instead of bursting into fiery words and quenching

tears, accept pleasantly—and you will be master of the situation. You will be showing maturity, and

maybe because of this your parents will be inclined to say "yes"next time.

Second: Be happy! You can be, you know. This, too, is a discipline, but it is what life is for!

MARCH!963 233

Terry Hill, East Sharon Stake, Provo, Utah

Regardless of race, creed, color, or geographical location, all human beings must have sleep. This

is a physiological method for providing temporary unconsciousness and relaxation on a regular basis so that the body and mind can rest. Natural

sleep differs from coma due to brain infection or injury, from the stupor due to sedative drugs, and from the total loss of consciousness caused by anaesthetic agents. The difference is that

natural sleep is easily terminated: Of course,

the term "easily terminated"would have to be quite flexible, because some people sleep so lightly that they are awakened immediately and sitting straight up in bed because of the soft droning of a mosquito near their ear. Others sleep so soundly

that they don't stir a muscle in spite of loud thunder, the banging of doors, or someone shouting loudly in their ears, ''Get up!"Some of these

"deep sleepers,"however, seem to respond more Well quickly if the "Get up"is followed by "Breakfast by richard s. tanner, m.d is all ready. Come and eat."

It is possible for a person to sleep in virtually any position, even sitting semierect on a horse, but the normal position is the horizontal posture, relaxation, because none m which permits muscular of the voluntary muscles have to stay in a state of tonus to maintain the body position. This

relaxed condition brings great comfort to the sleeper, but not always to the observer of the:: * sleeper or one trying to sleep in the same room.

The reason for this paradoxical situation is that some sleepers are so relaxed that their jaw muscles permit the lower jaw to drop, making the mouth open wide; the breathing process brings

air through the mouth rather than the nose, causing the soft palate to ripple. This produces

a unique type of music which ranges in pitch from high soprano to low bass and in volume from

Sleep well—that's the answer to a great part of your

problems. Your good

looks, clear thinking, quick response, sparkling disposition depend on it. If it's energy you

are after—sleep is a must.

pianissimo to fortissimo which, in spite of its Other features of bad behavior because of sleep great variations, has never become popular. It deprivation are irritability to the point of irasciis a symphony called "snoring."bility in people who are normally eventempered,

The most* comfortable place to do your relaxing and mental disorganization leading to "dayis in a good, firm bed, but the most dangerous dreaming"and hallucinations. History has also

place to be sleeping is probably behind the steerdemonstrated that a person's thinking is more ing wheel of a moving automobile. The slightest easily influenced into erroneous paths when he

drowsiness felt by the driver of an automobile is overtired. Prisonersof-war have been "brainshould not just prompt him to keep slapping washed"into accepting ideas that they would

himself in the face or to try to hold his eyelids have always rejected if they had been permitted open but should immediately direct him to pull to have adequate sleep. Innocent people have made

the car off of the road, turn off the motor and and signed confessions of crimes simply because let himself drift off long enough to overcome this they had been put under continuous interrogation dangerous somnolence. (the thirddegree method) until they were so tired

Our Father in heaven has emphasized the imthat they failed to realize the seriousness of portance of regular hours of sleep by stating in their selfincrimination.

the Doctrine and Covenants, section 88, verse 124 Humanity's most powerful enemy, Satan, also ".. retire to thy bed early, that ye may not be takes advantage of the weakness and poor judgweary; arise early, that your bodies and minds ment that accompany lack of rest. Under these

may be invigorated."Medical research has now conditions he finds it much easier to get people

helped to explain why sleep is so important to to succumb to the temptation to be immoral, disgood health. When a person is deprived of adehonest, and to reject the spiritual teachings of

quate sleep, he notes marked muscular weariness, God, our Father.

and so is not nearly so efficient physically as Sleep and the hours in bed can also be overdone, when he is rested. Athletic coaches are very so that a person can be failing to accomplish the

much aware of this, and so they insist on their things he should be doing because of laziness. As

team members retiring at regular and early hours, the words of a wellknown song state: "Lazybones,

especially the night before competitive performsleeping in the sun. How you 'spect to get your

ances. Resistance to infectious diseases is affected day's work done? Never get your day's work

greatly by regular hours of rest. Recurring throat, done, sleeping in the noonday sun."

sinus, lung, and other infections are much more Thus, it is very apparent that all the sons and commonly found in those people who fail to daughters of God clothed in the bodies of mortalestablish and maintain proper habits of sleep. ity need to "retire early—not be weary, arise

Mental efficiency is also diminished by inadeearly—be invigorated."So, no matter in what

quate rest, so if an individual expects to do his part of the world they live or in what words their very best in schoolwork, especially at the time of languages express this important idea, they all examinations, he must have given the cortex of need to his brain time to rest. "SLEEP WELL."

MARCH 1963 235 A new star is on the horizon in America's national pastime—baseball—in

the form of Kenneth Hubbs of the Chicago Cubs, the National League's "Rookie of the Year."The

twentyyear-old athlete is an active member of the Colton Ward, San Bernardino (Calif.) Stake.

Hubbs, who set two major league records for fielding during his first year in the majors, drew nineteen out of a possible twenty votes for the "Rookie"honors among the members of the Baseball Writers'Association of America who participated in the balloting.

Ken gained national prominence when he smashed two 14year-old major league records by playing in 78 straight games without making an error and handling 418 chances during that time.

He had a batting average of.260 in 160 games for the Cubs. Ken also scored 90 runs and drove in 49 tallies.

A much sought after prep star, Ken earned 11 varsity letters at Colton

High—four in baseball, three in basketball, and two in football. He was named allstate in all

three sports and allAmerica in football and basketball. Ken followed his older brother Keith to Brigham Young University. Keith had been a standout football star for the Cougars, but Ken never

wore a BYU uniform. Instead he signed a professional contract with the Chicago Cubs.

Ken plans to finish his education at BYU during the off seasons. He is currently attending

San Bernardino Valley College so he can spend some time at home. He has had a close relationship with his

father through the years, and the two are common companions at church and athletic functions.

When Ken was two, his father was crippled by polio and confined to a wheel chair. Nevertheless, Father Hubbs became his son's "coach."From his wheel chair he would instruct, play

catch, pitch for batting practice, and wrestle with young Ken. His father developed such strong

arms that through the years Ken could never best him. As Ken became an outstanding

Little League, junior, and senior high school star, it was only natural that a major league

contract would follow. It was at the end of his son's high school career that the father put aside his desire

to see his son play college football and gave his consent to the joining of the Chicago organization.

Ken himself wanted to participate in the BYU athletic program but felt it was best to get started in professional baseball as young as possible. By the time high school graduation arrived,

Ken's honors included high school studentbody president, seven individual awards (two with 100 percent seals), American Legion award for outstanding boy, star in Little League World Series, a seminary graduate, and four years on the student council. When Ken was studentbody

president, his activities drew national recognition from Drew Pearson, and when a high school in Tennessee was bombed, he fostered the idea of each student at Colton buying one brick to help rebuild the school.

"It is doubtful if a more outstanding young man has ever been produced in our area,"says

Bishop Lyman Madsen of the Colton Ward. "Kenny is and always has been a dedicated member of

the Church. He has always honored his priesthood and represents true strength and solidarity

in the gospel."At present, Ken is teaching a Sunday School class and assisting with the Exploring

and Aaronic Priesthood programs. Each week he fills a halfdozen speaking engagements to church

and civic groups. When Ken was named to the major league allstar team last summer, the

members of his "season"ward of North Shore Second Ward, Chicago (111.) Stake, strutted with pride.

He was breaking both the National and American league records in fielding and was rumored for the "Rookie"honors, but their pride was reflected in other areas, too,—on the west coast, at

Colton, by his college, BYU, and most of all by his family, the Eulis E. Hubbses. by reed blake

t I Above: Young admirers at Salt Lake City'

Berks Field get autograph from the 1962

Rookie of the Year during Utah appearance.

At left: Eulis E. Hubbs congratulates his

son on setting two new major league records for fielding. Through the years the two

have been close companions.

Conversation Piece "The wonderful thing about a youth conference is the youth!"Ask anyone who has been in on such an event,

and you'll get quick agreement that it doesn't matter whether you are in Guatemala or Germany the youth on the scene are spirited and AtHiking,rightworshipingand below:...

spiritual, full of fun and friendly, partman ofmissionthe WestyouthGerconference eager to learn and eager to play. In every case the young

people are thrilled to meet and

mingle with others of their faith in great number. Teens from

the Central and North German Missions and the Hamburg Stake

gathered in Goslar for eight full days of sightseeing, swimming, speech contests, sport events, a "Hoodlum Dance,"mountain climbing (especially Rammelsberg), panel discussions (Our Responsibility as German Citizens) and testimony bearing. High light of the event

was the pioneer program around the campfire. In Guatemala City boys and girls from Guatemala

and El Salvador united

for the first youth conference of the Centrali Am erican Mission

Mid guitars, folk dances, sports, and Rollicking, racing during spiritual events, the Guatemala conference five hundred participants enjoyed three

activityfilled days of fellowship and fun. Dale R. Curtis of the YMMIA general board ivas a

special guest. President Leslie 0. Brewer ivas in charge. Boating, biking, talent shows, picAnne F. Butler, soloist

during AlaskanCanadian nics on an island, and Youth meet a performance of favorite hymns before a special

meeting were features of the youth conference participated in by boys and girls from the AlaskaCanadian Mission. What a thrill for young

Anne Butler, a member of the Church just two

George the inspiration of President and and trophies Teams event years, to sing. a soloi j?for -nPresident-j 4. ttHught, tB. x>Brown, Atlantic States Mission Central at the Z. Aposhian

President Milton L. Weilenmann, and other visiting

dignitaries at a huge Sunday meeting. Vancouver

University campus was the scene of their conference.

Four hundred i i young people converged on Cave Spring High Skyline Seminary officers (l-r) Ken Thorell, pres.; School in RoaDarlene Clegg, sec; Tom Payne, 2nd vice pres.; Judy

Gibson, hist.; and Susan Knight, 1st vice pres., present no k e, Virginia,

Improvement Era subscription check to YWMIA President Florence S. Jacobsen, Era associate general manfor the Central

ager, and YMMIA Superintendent G. Carlos Smith, Jr., Malmo MIA party featured folk

Era general manager. Atlantic States dancing

Mission's Youth Conference. Each district presented a dramatic or musical skit... a formal dance was

held... basketball played and food eaten with great relish. Especially precious to all was the experience

of joining together for a spiritual hour of testimony bearing.

Meanwhile, back in Salt Lake City, seminary students at Skyline

High school have done themselves proud in a project which will mean their brother and sister teens can read The Improvement Era, too,

with its coveted youth section (most countries have no such magazine

for their youth! ). Eight hundred and twentyfour students, under the

direction of Principal Preston Glade and teacher John F. Heidenreich raised $1,526 in two weeks which will be used as gift subscriptions to The Improvement Era. The subscriptions will be distributed

under the direction of President Marion D. Hanks of the British

Mission and member of the First Council of the Seventy. When

Birta Klasgard emotes as a Viking teens in Malmo, Sweden, get together for fun they have it! A during skit in Sweden

recent party featured skits presented on an improvised stage, good food, folk dancing which grew into ballroom dancing and the fine help of Elders Richard W. Baumann and Paul Orme to keep things going.

About this month's Era of Youth authors

data by Evelyn Marshall

Richard S. Tanner... has worn many hats at various times... doctor, YMMIA genera 1 board, Temple Square gui de, bishop.

Emily Bennett... (Mrs. Haro Id H.).. long time YWMIA board member, including 13V2 years in its presidency. mother

of eight.

Judith Stephan.. YWMIA president... penned original musica Lisa which rated widespread raves

Reed Blake... professional writer... formerly on faculty at Dixie College... has afterhours preference fo * things

hot and cold with Mexican fo sd and dry powder sk iing.

The Last Word

In the old days a little Scotch woman always Little Tommy came home with tivo black placed her lamp in the window. Asked eyes. "Fighting again!"said his mother.

why she did this, she retorted with spirit, "Didn't I tell you to count to one hundred "And why not? Placing it there dinna'whenever you lost your temper?""Yes, I

rob me of any light, and its gleam may be know,"replied Tommy, "but the other boy's a boon to someone passing by."—Focus mother only told him to count to fifty."

Few of us get dizzy from It is not what we take up, but what we Nothing great was ever achieved doing too many good turns. give up, that makes us rich.—Descartes without enthusiasm.—Emerson

When telling two young children the story of "Cinderella"the babysitter ended with, "And they lived happily ever after.""That's impossible,"said the little boy. "They

must have had children!"

So often we seek a change in An engagement is like a telePersonality has the power to our condition when what we phone call: she got his number, open many doors, but charneed is a change in our attitude. he gave her a ring.—/. W. Pelkie acter must keep them open.

One evening when Thomas Edison came home from work, his wife said to him, "You've worked long enough without a rest. You

must go on a vacation.""But where on earth

would I go?"asked Mr. Edison. "Just decide

where you would rather be than anywhere else on earth,"suggested the wife. Mr. Edison

hesitated. "Very well,"he said finally. "I'll go

tomorrow."The next morning he was back at

work in his laboratory.—Sunshine Magazine

240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Every time a chapel is built, though the challenge is always new, the requirements are invariably the same. It must be enduringly strong, inspiringly beautiful, yet low in cost and economical to maintain. That's

why... year after year... Church building experts choose brick. Now,

more than ever, Interstate BRICK offers the variety of many modern sizes, textures, and shades that are beautifully adaptable to any plan, setting, or cost limitation. Time only enhances the advantages... and

the beauty of Interstate BRICK.

I COMPANV

3100 SOUTH 1100 EAST SALT LAKE CITY

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

life insurance How much is enough... to keep your future

bright with promise?

Ask your Beneficial Man - his business is giving the RIGHT answers.