PROGRESS 1930 > $c JmpmVement&ra Combined with theYOUNG WOMAN'S JOURNAL

ii#

JOSEPH SMITH MEMORIAL COTTAGE AND MONUMENT

The House Party and the Weather

DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE

u Heart"Horton Learns Basketball

PROF. HARRISON R. MERRILL

Out of the Burning IVY WILLIAMS STONE 60,000 COPIES OF THE MAGAZINE FOR DECEMBER

Ili ll H>l, i iii ii itm *!

Olden Davs

when people went out into the night, torch bearers were appointed to light the way. There were no outstanding

lights on hostelries, and the weary traveler usually took "pot luck"in the first wayside inn.

Today travelers entering a town looking for hotel accommodations and quality in any line are attracted by the refined and penetrating rays of

Neon displays which have become the insignia of quality.

The beautiful Claude Neon display marking Hotel Temple Square attests the progressiveness of the management and the high standard of service to be rendered.

We wish success to Salt Lake's newest hostelry, "The Temple Square

Hotel."HIMIMS-I Electrical Products Corporation of Utah 1046 South Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah

Estimates cheerfully furnished without obligation.

Temple Square Hotel Service Will Please All

This is what guests will enjoy at the ne%u hotel—

—Always a little more for your money, radio at your command, a newspaper under your door daily, reading: lamp

Springs, sleep Simmons to and on, Aceat private Rest Mattresses own bath.—Beauty your bedhead,—your absoprotection Shop, in an Barber Tailor Shop, andFurniture, Beautiful Lobby, Dining Beauty Parlor, Rooms,

lutely fireproof building. Hostess, to make our guests feel welcome. The management will use every means

possible to make our hotel your home,

A safe place for your family. Within hearing of the Great Tabernacle Organ.

We Will be Open Some Time in December

Ernest C. Rossiter, Manager

—*m The Improvement Era for December9 1929 97 m i * * * * * Let 1930 see tZre beinnin& of Supreme Comfort in Your Home with

StartGASthe New Year with new comfort, And its convenience is simply marvelnew convenience, new enjoyment of living ous! No kindling, no fuel to shovel, no

... in your home. Natural Gas heating, ashes to carry out, no smoke or soot, no

cooking, waterheating, sanitary incineratending of fires! All you do is regulate the

tion, and automatic refrigeration, point the thermostat to the temperature you want.

way to these supreme advantages. The automatic control does the rest. This

Think of how a uniform temperature feature also prevents the waste of fuel.

throughout the house will safeguard the It is significant that in 98 cases out of health of your family! Natural Gas heat 100 the actual cost of heating with Natural

automatically controlled—helps prevent Gas has been lower than the estimates. Let

colds, grippe, influenza and other common us give you a definite idea on the costs for winter ailments caused by rapid fluctuaobligation on your your home—without

tions of temperature. part. Its economy will surprise you

Plan now to enjoy supreme comfort and convenience in your home in 1930 and through the years to come... with Natural Gas.

GasGrnipany 1300 Wasatch CokeWASATCHCity Co. MAIN—SaltPHONE1>Cake, WASATCHSALT1300LAKE CITY * Utah45 SOUTHServingGas C fDJria45 SOUTHPHONEMAIM

- BOUNTIFUL"OadenI4 TWENTYST.—PHONE 174 FARMINGTONTOOKAVSVI\.LE(BranchOfin)Plwm.KswUe200LAYJO>i-ElE GARFIELD Offtce)PhomlHumMAGNAu TO GasFOURTHOgdenCompany Serving MIDVALE--M U R MY(ftt*-SANDY"CENTERVILLE

I 98 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

DAYNESBEEBE MUSIC CO., 61 MAIN STREET, SALT LAKE

HERE ARE GIFTS THAT PLAY A SAX

BRING CHRISTMAS EVERY DAY FOR MANY YEARS

Any one can play this novel instrublow and turn the ment—justcrank.

RADIO The IDEAL GIFT AGift—OnlyJoy Giving $3.75

AtwaterKent Majestic Victor Brunswick

NEW MODELS NEWEST MODELS NEW MODELS NEW MODELS $137.50 $167.50 $178 $238 $157.50 $182.50

$137 to $188 Combination, $245 Combination, $298 Combination, $277.50

LATEST SHEET MUSIC VERY LATEST RECORDS, 75c

Singing in the Rain Mother and Your Mine. - 40c40e SingingYour Motherin theandRainMine

I'm in Love With You 40c I'm In Love With You 40c of The Love of Love Web The Web

If 40c tlie in Believed of You Soul Song Me

. -..40c Sweet - and Lovable Dream Memory My

...40c Tulips the Through Friends? Tip Toe Can't Be We

35c Just Sentimental Sweetheart Me You—Just 35e I Sunshine Clouds Painting With That's the Learned to Love You When

- 40e I've Lifetime For You Rio Rita Waited a

Other Each the We 40c To KnowNeed How FollowingHow Sweetheart,Am SunKnowAround.. 40c Amit 35c Blue Ior You'veI To Believe Not Never Been Then

Song of the Islands 35e Waiting at the End of the Road

I Came To You 40c My Song of the Nile

It's Unanimous Now 35c Ain't Misbehavin'

Day Some Peace of Mind Soon..35c35c You'reMoaningAlwaysLow in my Arms, But Only in My Dreams

If You're in Love You'll Waltz 40c If You're in Love, You'll Waltz

Wouldn't it be Wonderful 40c The Utah Trail

On the Alamo 35c On the Alamo The Perfect Song 40c I'll Always Be In Love With You

When MarianneIts Springtimein the Rockies- - 35c40c SpringtimeOne Alone in the Rockies

Miss You...35c Miss You

'* JOSEPH"OLDERJ DATNESTHANPRESIDENTTHE STATE OF UTAH

MAIL ORDERS RECEIVE OUR SPECIAL ATTENTION

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 99

FORECAST Dr. Franklin S. Harris, who reThe lonproveimeet Era

cently returned from Russia, where he went as chairman of an imHeber J. Grant

portant factfinding committee, Hugh J. Cannon Editor Elsie T. Brandley

furnishes an article for the January Managing Editor Associate Editor

Era under the title, "A DemonstraMelvin J. Ballard Clarissa A. Beesley

tion of Leisure Time Activities in Business Manager Associate Business Manager

Russia."George Q. Morris

Through the courtesy of the Rachel Grant Taylor

Carnegie Institution of WashingChairmen Finance and Publications ton, the Era will publish in its next issue an article, "Col. and Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement

ArchaeoloMrs. Lindbergh Aid Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ interesting gists."an This gives

description of the "Lone Eagle's"of Latterday Saints flight over western America and will be well illustrated. A later article to appear in the February CONTENTS

number, describes flights over the Title Page

Maya region, during which ColEditorialThe Prophet Joseph Smith Hugh J. Cannon 101

onel Lindbergh and his party Peace On Earth Elsie Talmage Brandley 102 landed on spots wholly inaccessible The House Party and the Weather Dr. James E. Talmage 103

except from the air. Their photoSans Frankincense and Myrrh—A Story Kathleen B. Nelson 106

graphs and descriptions add mateAn Appeal to Students Dr. Elmer G. Peterson 109

rially to the world's knowledge of PoetryGratitude a Measure of Intelligence Dr. George H. Brimhall 112113

these localities. Christmas Heritage Edith Cherrington

To the Wind Francis Nuttall The serial, "Out of the BurnVoices G. Adelle Skov

ing,"by Ivy Williams Stone, will Wanderlust Mary C. Shaw

leave the reader at a point where To the Old Year Mary Hale Woolsey

Rainbow Ruth Fox May it will be difficult to wait for the of the Story Out Williams Ivy Stone 114 TheBurning—A issue.next the Gospel Opening Doors to the Slavs Dr. A. John Widtsoe 117 In addition to this story there A Spiritual Philosophy of Life—-II Dean Milton Bennion 120

will be others of the same nature The First White Man to View the Great Salt Lake Carter E. Grant 123

which will furnish interesting and The Dance of Life—Reviewed Elsie Talmage Brandley 126 Basketball—Awholesome reading. From"Heart"theHortonGreen MountainsLearns to the Rockies—IIStory..Prof. HarrisonJohnR.D.MerrillGiles 128131

Harrison R. Merrill's promised DepartmentL. D. S.ofInstitutesEducationand Why Dr. Jos. F. Merrill 135

article, "Dr. Harvey Fletcher Dedication of Pocatello L. D. S. Institute 137

Friend of the Listener,"is ready Priesthood Quorums for the January number. This is Suggestions for Guidance 138

a story of achievement which will Know Yourself 140 inspire young people to set their Blessed Are the Pure in Heart Rosannah C. Irvine 140

Worksights high when aiming at life's Mutual tive Execu Department 141 wtarget. Advisory Department Committee 142

Finance and Publications Department 144

For the thoughtful reader Dean Community Activity Department 146

Milton Bennion's "Spiritual PhilAdult Department 147 osophy of Life"will be continued. M Men -Gleaners Department 149

Department 152Many educators and other studious MGleanerMen Girls Department 153 people have commented very favorJunior Girls Department 154 ably on this series. VanguardsScouts Department 155

Bee Hive Girls Department156 Another story of Jim Bridger M. I. A. Monthly Reports 159

and his experiences as a scout and How About the Unworthy Son? Joseph S. Peery 167

Indian fighter, from the pen of Sailor's Superstition Saves Ship 176

Carter E. Grant, will be forthcoming. Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103,

John D. Giles continues his inAct of October, 1917, authorized July Z, 1918.

teresting series, "From the Green Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are confree their unless contributions. is especially return Photographs, to the Rockies."Mountains

be destroyed. will There sideredrequested,

is so of tragedy and drama much

I. at Salt Published City the by Lake monthly General Boards; A. M.in early the history of the Church, Address: Office annum. Building. $2 per 406 Church Room

that this account, illustrated as it is, is meeting with much favor.

: T

100 The Improvement Era for December, 1929 it* > <* **

3rxx OlhnBtmaB—

THE

IMPROVEMENT ERA

nv An attractive Christmas card n bearing your name and greet-

- N\ ings will be sent to each \. subscriber. H\ M l/l -T

Attached \ n V VXH hereto is

check. my \ t-,,1 hat will.,. carryJ withi it a tenderi DPlease, send,,The \\

memory from the giver; improvement \

for ERA Christmas \ That f twdve times to the following: \> i \ and

i last throughout the \ That will \ year.

"'r: As An Ideal Christmas Gilt \

3 \ Xo Friends at Home and Abroad

Send the Improvement Era My name and address is as follows \nv

Name \ Subscription $2.00 a Year

Address \v The Prophet Joseph Smith By HUGH J. CANNON

ONEyearshundredago, on thetwentyfour23rd of orcontradicthave thethewitnessesBook ofwhoMormon,testified declaredremarkable.it had Forbeen revealedexample:to himHe

its to divine origin disever been that his for should be name known this Joseph month, Smith credited? 4..the fruits the of evil good Do and the throughout born.was centhe past During as Gospel taught Joseph Smith by world. This an from unknown histury the name and "Morword substantiate 5. his claim? Are farmer's boy! inseparable, havemonism"become practical, clearthinking prayand every Almost missionary whoand the both he he and was work erful investicarefully men, has who gone out the has from Churchinstrumental in founding been have

its gate principles, fully converted received a blessing the under hands trial. Effortson been have by made it? to the of general authorities. The colproponents to and opponents

lect and present favorable and unHas "Mormonism,"based on gift of prophecy has been manifestfavorable evidence, and a mass of these tests, made its case? The ed times without number on these

material is before the court. matter is deserving of painstaking occasions, and though the promises

This is an age of clear, incisive analysis. have seldom been published to the world, the recipients have borne brilliant have opponents Manythinking, in age an of fraud which solemn testimony gift this that attempted various to by means is kind detected quicklyany and has restored. been Just exone the principles prove unscriptural.denounced. story amazing Any ample: the early In very of days a case skill their ensound With attract to universal attenenough

the C. Church Heber Kimball was titled verdict. did them Buttion invulnerable, be or the must

called to as a missionary. England they report complete of win? itverdict toA a will be condemning

terrified him,unanimous. the threedays'public debate beThe responsibility

Joseph Smith's work, unlike the tween the mental Goliath, Dr. but he consented to go and later

almost numberless religious organJohn P. Newman, and Orson wrote in his journal: "The preslaid idency their hands on me and Pratt gladly was published andizations effected which have been

set apart to preside the over me widely distributed the Church. bysince startled the 1830, world.

mission great conferred and challenger hit beBritish squarely was differed have only in TheThe others blessings head; said that upon my the eyes, tween his and downfall degreesminor prevailing from

creeds. They do not claim to have was hardly less ignominious than God would make me mighty in

any new and distinctive message was that of the original Goliath. that nation in winning souls unto

to mankind and there is nothing in The Church was also willing to him; angels should accompany me

all histhem upon which to focus serious broadcast the newspaper discussion and bear me up."During

life subsequent testified he thatcriticism. the of on Book between Mormon

this prediction fulfilled. been had a skillful antagonist signed it who so the But not was with been have Volumes written the on himself Pres. B. "M."and Rob- H.youthful claimant to divine favor.

fulfillprophecies their modern and erts, the on and between GodheadBecause of the nature of story, his ment. our stalwart same representativethe searchlight, one might almost of Book The makes Mormon able and an opponent. will Spacesay the X-ray, turned was upon positive statements concerning the not further permit of reference to it, this andhim has and continued ancient inhabitants this reof land, the ability demonstrated of Church since.ever counting lived, they describhow to their belief, defend members usare a There of general number ing their civilization, worship, ing the Bible their as weapon.tests can reasonably which apbe travel, buildings, final destrucand

plied to this work. Among them Had Joseph Smith uttered no tion. Has any archaeologist found

are the following: 1. Do its other prophecy than the one reevidence which seriously controverts

doctrines agree with the Bible? garding the Civil War, his prophany of these statements? There are

2. Have the numerous prophecies etic gift would still be worthy of many men in this and other namade by Joseph Smith and his asnotice. But while this prediction tions, like the unknown "M"resociates, many of which have been has perhaps attracted more attenferred to herein, who are eager to

published to the world, been fultion than any other made by him, pounce upon any evidence which filled? 3. Do the archaeological it is but one of the many which would prove this book false, but in

investigations made in recent years stand to his credit and are no less a hundred years of research they 102 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

have sought in vain for such maan older brother went willingly this is a minor part of that which terial. with him to death. Consider, too, might be submitted, what would

One can do no more in this the character of the men who were be the verdict of a fairminded article than call attention in a brief ready to give their lives for the tesjury? It requires more credulity to

sentence to the singular agreement timony that his calling was divine. believe that Joseph Smith was an

on historical and doctrinal points Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimimpostor than to believe that God

between the Jewish and the Neball, John Taylor, Wilford Woodspoke from heaven.

phite Scriptures. And the prophruff, Lorenzo Snow, and hosts of Today this man is a world figecies of the latter record have had others who were prepared to die ure, his claims unshaken by the

quite as complete fulfillment as for him or the work, were men assaults of hate or the calm unthose of the former. who could not easily be deceived. prejudiced investigation of scienit, and tists and thinkers. The witnesses to the Book of With this evidence before

Mormon were not always in harmony with their leader, but they never wavered in their testimony, even when the hand of death was Peace On Earth reaching for them. out The crediBy ELSIE TALMAGE BRANDLEY bility of Oliver Cowdery, David

Whitmer and Martin Harris was (CHRISTMAS is on its joyous, others than possessed by the averunquestioned, and no more solemn hollybedecked way. Every age girl and boy. Hours for

testimony has ever been borne to thought is turned towards the thoughtful contemplation of life the world than their words recordgreat holiday of the world; the and its meaning are crowded out by

ed in the first part of the Book day which commemorates the birth the innumerable interruptions and of Mormon. The testimony of of the Savior. In the rush and diversions which appear continuthe eight witnesses that they saw struggle of every day life, the ideals ously all day long, and so the joy

and touched the plates, though not of Jesus help us to make the deof understanding life as well as so farreaching as that of the three, cisions and choose the path which living it is diminished.

is no less solemn. lead to happiness and salvation, if During the Christmas holidays

In a sense the Church itself and we but take the time to make them there might be a few moments in its accomplishments furnish the a part of our philosophy of living. which to think, or talk about the

best evidence of its divinity. The And if we do not consciously sit real things of existence. Shows,

fruits of "Mormonism"are good. down to ponder on the meaning automobiles, dances and fine clothes

Every unprejudiced person who has of the truths he taught during the are not the greatest blessings to be investigated the matter testifies to brief three years of his ministry, attained, but sometimes in the efthat fact. Testimony is also ofthere is still power in them which fort to secure those, we leave ourfered and it is accepted as truth makes them a part of us, even selves no time to place real values

throughout the world, that the though an undefined part. upon the real things. Gifts for

"Mormon"Church has the best The world today is different Christmas are selected with a menorganization in existence. That from the world of even a century tal comparison, and an unvoiced

being true, one of three things must ago. The materialistic attitude of idea of what will be given in rebe a fact: This is the Church of many people has resulted in such turn; the shepherds and the wise

Jesus Christ, or he has no church an abundance of things to be men expected nothing in return upon earth, or he has permitted wanted, and such a feverish atfor their gifts that first Christmas.

Satan or man to form a better ortempt to secure them for ourselves, The youth of the Church conganization than he was able to that calm tranquility is a characterstitutes a tremendous power. You

create. The last alternative is unistic more frequently envied in are the ones whose responsibility it

thinkable. is to insure the faith and unwaverAfter all, testimony is the one ing trust in the Gospel which is

unanswerable argument. Men who your heritage. At Christmas time

if no otherhave made a study of "Mormon-—on Christmas day,ism,"not with a view of accepting time is promising—take a few minit but to ascertain if possible the utes with yourself to find out what

secret of its widespread influence preparation of soul and mind you over its members, have marveled at are making to carry on. The fu- *m ture the of depends upon Churchthe large very solemnnumber who

gifts great the you; have which thesely say they things to be k<:-;;v know

true. Begin with Joseph Smith's been in the "family"for a century

family. In any important matter v, "i*< 1 are yours to preserve, untarnished.

parents always know whether or And so, on the very eve of the new not a child is telling the truth. But century of "Mormonism,"take inthese parents fully accepted the ventory, and see that you underboy's story. To believe they would stand the stock, and know what

is in its preservation. part your in astand by him falsehood—fac- a clearer of its understanding theing persecution May and odium

incomparable value to you, indiwhich followed—requires even

more imagination than Joseph's vidually, and to the generations to enemies accused him of having. follow, be yours this ChristmasEven their lives were in danger and tide.

THE IMPROVEMENT-<>ssERA

The House Party and theWeather

A Parable—After a Faskion

a time a joyous and one upon party was there By HTHE hour a goodly. waking Every at party our home,ONCEwas a

even as there had been JAMES E. TALMAGE was provided for with program

parties before and have been since; of the varied and full. Wholesome fun

but this one was out of the ordiCouncil of the Twelve and frolic had their place, as had nary. A small company of girls, reading, music and storytelling,

of seriousness girls, guests of just enough andchums our with indestructible the as I write—for

contrast. tohad spend a stimulating come few days make past is clear and to of the tokineograph

gether, as girls like to do. When brilliant. Outdoor activities in the early

was it? Ah, the autumn days, with

years have sped their cozy gatherings beway with swift fore the open fire or wings since then attendance at theEvery one of that ater or concert in gladsome, winsome, the evenings was the lovely and lovable usual order.

bevy of girls is now a matron in her ()N my arrivalown right, lovable home once at as ever, with girls of dusk I was forcibly unher own—to say seized—a not

nothing of the boys. willing prisoner

Never mind the and was dragged inboys; this part of to the kitchen to

our story has to do view the preparawith girls. Boys tions for next day's

did not count, expicnic. The display

cept as mustn't- was appetizingly meddle lookerson, tempting. There

in that little house was to be an early party far back in start, for the prothe yesteryears. posed hike led up

City Creek Canyon, I was a lookerthence on beyond on too, a privileged Black Mountain, one in a limited with Dry Canyon sense, being let into as the homeward little secrets and stretch.

cies—forwhispered thereconspirawere knowledgeThe cumulateof the

factions in the pargroup was allsuffi- ty, each trying to cient. They were

outdo the others in sure of the trail, plotting and schemwhere they had to ing for the happileave the canyon ness of all. road; they knew

just where the late Blessed be the facflowers were to be ulty of recollection! found, where to get

Cheer and comfort the best view of come to me tonight Dr. James E. Talmage massive limestone

104 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

walls and crags, where to look for voiced, somebody made a remark, brella in hand. And the sun wasthe weatheredout "stone lilies"—casual of course, about there being still shining, though clouds could

those fossilized crinoids that tell different kinds of prophets. One be seen in the north and west.

of ocean life millenniums ago—all smiling miss, who was a student By early afternoon the sky was

of this and much more. Oh, the in a Church school and whom I darkened, then blackened. Before

joys of anticipation! had observed in the act of returnlong lightning flashed and thuning the Bible to its place as I came der rolled, while the wind roared

T ENTERED into the gladsome down to breakfast, said that she in fury. The Storm King was

spirit of it all, and when reremembered something in Deuterabroad, with a mighty army in full leased from custody went to my onomy, eighteenth chapter as she action. The possibility of torrents

room. Glancing by habit at the vaguely recalled, about the test of in the canyons caused me concern.

barometer hanging above my desk a true prophet being that his pre- I went home early, with mackin-

I noted that a very considerable fall dictions came to pass; but weathertosh and umbrella in good service,

in air pressure had occurred durprophets were not specifically menand with a halfformed plan of ing the day, and, as a later reading tioned in that chapter, she added. enlisting aid and setting out to

showed, this was still in progress. The weatherprophet reiterated his find the girls. Anxiety was soon

A test with the hygrometer demonforecast and counsel of the predispelled, however. I arrived

strated that the humidity of the atceding evening, with even greater just in time to witness the return mosphere was unusually high. certainty and earnestness. of the bedraggled brigade.

These observations led to an examination of weather data in the TATHER,"said one of our girls, A QUICK count showed all day's paper. "if you say we mustn't go to- * present, but in what a state!

When the evening dinner was day, of course we wont. Do you Have you ever seen a flock of chickfinished, as the girls were about to really mean that we must not?"ens rushing for shelter after having

hasten from the table, I ventured "No, indeed,"was the reply; been caught afield in a heavy

to advise that they change their "I know we shall have a storm todownpour? Never mind answerprogram for the next day and enday; and to be overtaken by it ing; the question may have nothjoy themselves at or near home, in the canyon or on the mountain ing to do with the story—irrelepostponing the canyon trip. Then would be not only disagreeable but vant indeed.

came the inevitable "Why?"dangerous. So I advise you to stay A bath, dry clothing and din-

"Because of bad weather: a near home. But you may do as ner restored the feminine spirits to

heavy storm is coming tomorrow."you please."a condition near normal gaiety.

their over laughed misadvenDisappointment plainly was They mangirls executive into went The tell. ifest; this tures to led to and had amazement, much How-; a reached decision soon was

ever,in I one the girls turn of to guardedly dismay. was pulled as as start at far once go and and session—to a expressed theto that door, thought open brought then outpushed the while weather they could was

side, and was rather peremptorily fair; and that if any really threat- a serious look to every countetold to look at the stars. I looked: ening signs of rain appeared they nance; commotion followed. Then

they were all there, in their places would turn back. came the most grievous tragedy ofand shining brightly. Questions the day:

I put.were could stand How left the at about the house be- \\7Eneath glorious so speak a sky and blamed I, 'T'HEY girls time, the and same rainof for the prophet for it and wind morrow? I ofthe for the they for theall—forweathetthe canyon,

The prediction, the warning, the fice, they with lunchbaskets, rain and the wind, the lightning advice were repeated; and, of camera, and other accessories, I and thunder, the soaked sandcourse, the forecaster was made to with raincoat on arm and umwiches, the torn dresses, and forknow that he was very unpopular, the loss of sundry articles dropped

then and there. Verily, that poor in the hurried retreat. Why had

prophet was without honor in his he cast so evil a spell over them,

E. JAMES TALMAGE, a with his barometer, his hygroof the of the quorumown household. D'R.member

Twelve Apostles of the Church of meter, and his magical conjura- "\TEXT morning the barometric Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, tions? Later, they came to unis as still. in literary as well least. prominent at part, lower reading was No, derstand—in

circles, religious has long for he fallen; girls to the barometer as not had you were, Thank you,

as outstanding recognized been an that it say as follow you, had would be to you women are—thank has educator. and He

all, a loose inaccurate style of author for writeach of and and the good food science nature, books on ten many speech, all too common. The inand theology; and during his years thought with which you have

strument still hung above my desk, as professor and president of various served me. I too find it difficult,

and hangs there yet; but on that Utah schools, he made deep imsometimes, to understand; but is it

all of us? bright morning it showed that the pressionsof the hundredsupon the ofmindsstudentsand heartsfornot so with

atmospheric pressure had decreased tunate enough to come under the or fallen during the night. influence of his tireless energy, \\7E are prone to confound

At the breakfast table the weaththorough training and strong per- * foreknowledge with cause:

severa. sonality. of a member As his of ours, shifted erprophet chair absurdthis weakness found and

is internationscientific societies he it illogical set so place; ly inconsistent, childfrom its usual and was afthrough ally known, such and

that the direct sunlight would fall filiations has been able to accomish though it be, is particularly upon his plate, if not in his face. lish much good for the Church to manifest in our appraisement of

After appreciation of the lovely which he renders implicit devotion. Divine prophecy and its fulfilment.

weather had been impressively In mercy the Lord warns and

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 105

forewarns. He sees the coming communities and nations; He

forces operating storm, the knows will under do what each after become men, not Wc knows W,E it, calls to produce sees and the dissipated, been aloud have end given conditions disap and and through his prophets, advises, pointed in the chase of false pleasfrom the beginning. His foreure; after ascertained, but have we springs knowledge from intelliin way, impassable barany what wisdom. gence and supreme He riers us in this life; counsels,mands—thatexhorts,we prepareaye, evenfor whatcomthrough hem

is about to befall and take shelter how mad it is to hope for consees the future as a state which in while yet there is time. tentment to our infinite soul from the sequence of events will be, not

But we go our several ways, the gifts of this extremely finite as one which must be because He it shall be. feasting and making merry, conforworld;himself;that a andman thatmustforbe sufficientsuffer it has willed that

soling conscience with the easy and enduring there is no remedy but The predicted judgments of the fancy of "time enough"and in idle striving and doing. Manhood belast days, now manifest, are just

hope that the tempest will pass us gins when we have in any way and, withal, beneficent. They were

truce Necessity; begins with made it to by, gathor that, begins foretold, when divinely the and way of

surrendered have when we er thick about black us and prepared we protection to escape or was can evenNecessity; as the part only most

turn back and find shelter. do; but begins joyfully and hopeaforetime.

CO has it been, so is it likely to ourselvesfully onlytowhenNecessity;we haveandreconciledthus, in storySo ofmaythewegirlsapplyandourthe parabolicweather.

be, else history is no indicator reality, triumphed over it, and felt <t of futurity. Man is selfcentered that in Necessity we are free.—/ 1

and selfish; he follows his bent for Thomas Carlyle.

pleasure, wealth, power, ignoring Poison Poppies the barometer of advancing time, a fine of keeping swarm A MAN, it the in the Children of Israel signals turchangethough and HTO ** little bees, the loved busy days, after * olden they as surely had as did the writingmoil on after creatures he summer; summer been into at brought Belshazzar's the wall impious up from Egypt

fields sweet of to go watched them feast. of prethe land promise, Jehovah storm When the bursts—in to fly clover, hive to the back and sented pestilence, of contrast panoramas,war, famine, earthquake two

it treasure their and seal strong as that atas in between or destruction and deposit noon general—he the would over with wax which blessings midnight. tributes evil to the showed One prophets who

spake and to the God who gave surpassing all rational expectation, keep it clean and wholesome and them utterance. assurance of rich harvests and nourishing.

thriving flocks, of individual and One summer the bees discovered "DRAY be not hasty in denying national prosperity; the other de- a garden of poppies. No need had

parallelism between the expepicted misfortune and loss, captivthey to go in search of other fields rience of the girls in our story and ity and servitude. The realization when here in such abundance grew

that of mankind with respect to the of the one or the other, of blessing gorgeous blooms. But before they

great events of history. It may be or cursing, was contingent upon had found the honey, they grew

thought that prophetic warning, their fidelity in righteousness or sleepy, and turned toward home based on foreknowledge of aptheir high treason in sin. to rest. The drug in the flowers

proaching calamity, would be unhad had its effect. Upon awakennecessary void and if God, who AS

is allknows and * Israelit becamehad chosenapparentthe evilthatalnatinging, theyspot,hurriedthere backto buzzto thedrowsilyfascialmighty—omniscient and omnipotent—chose to ternative, the Lord brought before about until their senses were

avert the impending disaster. True, them again and again the picture dulled, and they could sleep again,

the human forecaster, depending of impending distress. He pleaded forgetful of the sunny hours passupon present observations, can tell with them as a father with a waying by. Winter came, and found

of coming events only as they cast ward son; He commanded and them unprepared, for their whole

their shadows before; but one may threatened, but they would not summer had been wasted in the

say that Deity can so order things heed. In time came the Assyrian soothing poppy garden.

that there would be no looming captivity, later the Babylonian, and Are there pleasures, gay and bedisasters to cast shadows and folthen subjugation by Rome. In wildering which draw us away

low them with dread reality. This accord with the fateful prophecy from the lifegiving joys of less

fragmental thought may be shaped voiced by Amos, Israel have been spectacular pursuits? We know

to mean that God could prevent the scattered amongst the nations "like the difference between the things coming of the storm if He would. as corn is sifted in a sieve."which give health and happiness,

A DMITTEDLY so, in a narAll this was foreknown to and those which give only momen- ** row sense; but would He? By Israel's and more, for tary excitement, followed by disanother conception one may rabeyond God—yes,the dispersion He saw the content and regret, but knowing,

tionally and without irreverence gathering of His people, now in are we choosing wisely, that the ask: Could He? As to the atprogress. Did Jehovah, whose winter to follow the sweet springtributes of Deity, enough has been prescience embraced the events of time of youth shall find us ready,

revealed to make us know that centuries and millenniums, bring our hives of life filled to overflowthe sweetness will ing with which operates the curse Israel, or did Israel through upon law—Divine carry the rest of us through our it follows themselves? does bring it upon that HeGodlaw—and days?not violate law. Therefore, God

arbitrarily, capriciously, child readscannot the of future (XOD is a related true incident, a *This byprevent or children, set aside the results of of individand men friend the in a of meeting BeeKeeper of obedience or disobedience to law. ually and of men collectively as Y. L. M. I. A. officers.

aivs jr&ivHii\cei\se

73t Kathleen B. Nelson

Clarise Williams was a schoolpected to see the usual small town marm with an ungraded school array.

of eighteen pupils. She had been "Ain't got none!"

a teacher for fourteen years this but little "Not things—dolls ungraded school expewas a new a for and made LARISE trains—andany balls—things rience. experience, surNew new the children to at the grimace buy?"heater with its isinroundings—it was the desire for "What for?"

glass front. The these that had brought her here. "Why, to make it seem like

firelight grinWhen her mother died the previous Christmas,"lamely from Clarise.

ned back at spring she had felt she must get "No. As soon as I heard the

her. Clarise away from all dear familiar things, mill wuz to close I cancelled my

was not so here she was. There were no order."

relatives to consult. the She was with happy "Oh-h."It was a long drawn of the family. There been had prelast that out, the real situation sinkslowly Christmas friends—many of them—always. ing in. One of the men laughed. Her mother kept open house for her exuberance Clarise deribbon took her and

friends, not in only holiday season usual to her, parted. the closing door As was

all but the year round. What but her unshe the heard of one mock, men

times happy they had had! Buthappiness for not bad was enough it like seem Christmas!"make "To

is one when thirtyfour of most ofthe luxury despair coolnor the felt like she She had had a batone's friends have made permanent Iting of depths just sorrow. was off loser. the and come attachments and have to go out of tleplain uncomfortable, something

laying hands on her smug optitheir way to include one in their number. last years The few Clamism and flaying her responsibility the sat in as she rise felt this. had She sent alwaysside.

tackhome, rented roomMlOWthat was their children little some rememIn the thirty Christmases she rebrances at Christmas. She gave ing the bows on the little apron

membered of her thirtyfour years, careful consideration to the smallest all her eagerness had left her. What

none had ever shown so little gift and dispatched them trustfully was the sense in her making prespromise as the forthcoming one. with the postman who charged ents for children who had everyChristmas only five days off and nothing extra for the weight of thing while her own—her roomful

she floundering for cheer. It was love in each. of little trusting children went

incredible. Could it be she was without Christmas?

growing old? It wasn't as if they were expecting nothing. Whatever Clarise did

IT was Saturday mornshe did with her whole soul. ImNciO! That was not ing and she had just been finishing mediately Thanksgiving was over,

it. Hastily she arose to her own a perky little apron for Dotty Maevery day had been filled with these

defense. This her mind morning son. store to the only She had run suggestions of

It been full ofhad happy plans. ribget to two blocks some away tures, songs, stories, Christmas—picpoems, games

since she onlywas had ties. run down for the she enbon gifts When for parents and broth-—little storeto the that for that ribbon tered store the she was struck sisters. by ers and anticiEverything

it was. The air were drawn up around the redhotair—that'sthings had changed.what It was in the the unwonted quiet. Three men pative of the great holiday.

was thick with the query, "What's stove. Mrs. Larsen in a purple

the use?"In her daily occupation crocheted hugme-tight sat with T HIS Christmas atof building up this Christmas fanher plump hands before her on the mosphere. Clarise loved and made

tasy for the children, how slow counter. The Saturday before everyone else love it. It would be

she had been to sense that the vilChristmas and nobody buying a hard to make one understand how lage was numb with helplessness. thing! much Christmas meant to Clarise

is, one to whom it was onlyThe first of the month the paper—that

mill had closed down. That meant the 25 of December and a big hole

every man in the village except the WiHERE are your in the bank account. Santa Claus

postmaster was out of a job. toys?"Clarise inquired. She exwas as real to her as to her little

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 107

charges. When she first mentioned party at Miss Williams'was getSanta Claus in school the older ting well under way. The older

children laughed knowingly but children and the men were at home '.:.'.'-.."..* -..'s.'.MB i*>-al >'.':.one by one they had drawn into to tend babies so the women were

the magic circle. It was so much unencumbered. At twofifteen

more fun to be on the inside lookMrs. Elston came puffing in with a

ing out. "A little thoughtfulness twenty pound baby. "I just had

is all it takes to make a child hapto bring him. Sam went up the

py."That was her philosophy, mountain for a Christmas tree."

but after her trip to the store "A Christmas tree,"laughed

Clarise doubted. Annie Waite. "What do you want

Always before she had taught a Christmas tree for?"

in select residence districts. This "For the baby of course."

problem of bread and butter was only a general one. She hadn't

Anfrom a mill closingrealized that the of baby, A SNORT old nie, "A fourmonth's literally behead, Claus.could Santa

And she had gone 051 encouraging what does he know about Christher trusting brood in their shy mas trees?"

confidence. Plainly it was her "Not as much as he's going to

sight. been mardarn We've by aresponsibility to see that they were

first china painting outfit for colors and this is the ried eight years andnot disappointed.

Christmas we've had a kid and brushes we're going to have a tree, work or Mrs. Scheimer proved a wizard

a could She make with paint. It's real Christmust our first no work. Something

like a movie pin look vamp fiercely clothesbe done. Elston spoke Mrs. mas."But what? She could

not give the men work. Impaand Mrs. Swenson hastened to inor a Methodist minister. The only

tiently she threw the unfinished tervene. trouble was lack of materials on

apron on the table and began "You're right, Sadie. None of which to experiment.

walking about the room. It was the children is going without Mrs. Huiser said her husband

a pleasant room with a bay winChristmas if we can help it. Now whittled all kinds of wooden toys.

"He make 'em, I paint 'em. We idea being, trouble to please only them."for somethingdowother—thein one end and a heater in the each one of you, I hope, has an Had a whole box full of them. partners."these cold days, these ideas go that Mrs. two Scheimer had many

points of interest were rather far—many more than she could make

apart. in English. had In the windowseat She was a intelligible December short 1 HEbasket bulging Berlin. with multicolored toy factory in worked in a lights over. The afternoon wasyarns—leftovers from her pulledBut she had brought materials to were turned on. Most of them

rug venture. at least demonstrate yarn gave Claone idea The time. past supper stayed long

rise thought, her happy buttons, she spools, beads, and wooden see folks what an "Let the men puttingwas a string. in rubbers on her

jiffy walking briskly and to around "I make one doll to make you easylong."time we have at home all day

Mrs. Swenson's in the next block. laff."Busily she set to work. Mrs. Jacobs was talking in an

When she emerged half an hour undertone to her neighbors.

later tell could you Clarise had it don't savin'tries but to be "I was Everyonestarted something. sure "Be and gives Ike never good. me no do at once. talking onetell all to bring them their busy—every bright I charge an'a cent go when and little as Happycolored scraps needles and and says, throws 'Minnie things he inseeing theirchildren—perhaps ideas happier, growthread and thinkcaps,"Mrs. I can than the door back out more concrete to expression. One wom- \ called Swenson after a wheel in front door with the haul a an fashioning wonderful was dog her. appreciate don't barrow.'Men a piece eyes shoebutton with from

of astrachan coating. In the hands and they haven't the feelin's for

twothirty of the two others an old piece of their kids."that afternoonA.T the work white plush washed soft and silky "Ah, come on, Minnie. You

was inspiration for adorable bundon't mean that. It ain't onlyA nies and kittens. The rag dolls the mothers that like to see their

under Clarise's supervision were kids happy. Sometimes I have to

emerging gay marvels in their snoop a nickel here and mebbe a bright crocheted dresses. dollar somewhere's else to get

Mrs. Scheimer was gesticulating enough together to buy 'em somewildly with her hands touching thing they wants. That's the way

the smooth surface of the door, it was with Freddie's wagon. If

I'd come and asked Rube to get it rubbing her cheeks. Paint—that

a thundered his head off, but was what she wanted—finally he'd

they understood. I went about it quiet and when

Mrs. Swenson said she had half I'd got enough, (I didn't dare take

a can of white enamel and while it all out of one check) I went and she went to get it Clarise rifled her bought it. Rube was tickled'er

108 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

than the kid with it. Couldn't "What about faith? If you

wait 'til morning for him to try it. women don't have faith your men Ji, UST before noon

Had to go in and pull 'im out of are beaten before they start. I tell when Clarise was giving the high

bed."you something will happen and the class spelling, there came a crack-

'They're all ing, thunderous sound. Then men alike—my Chris—men won't have to leave home to

'Yes, but bein'out of work find work!"ran past the schoolhouse. Clarise

weighs heavy on 'em. was frightened, but she

They can't forget there's managed to answer the nothing comin'in."children's frightened

"Cept the wolf, as questionings with a remy old man sez."assuring smile. John

:Blum, oldest boy in the

MfLRS. Swenson patchedschool wasto findhastilyout whatdistried to steer them from it was all about.

that disagreeable subHe was not long in ject. returning. "It's the

"Len got a good one warehouse roof,"he anon me the other day,"nounced breathlessly.

she said. "I was brag- "The snow's caved it in."

gin'I never wasted anything. Clarise dropped into bed and Now there was work and work

'Why, Maria,'he sez, 'You waste slept the sleep of the blessed. When aplenty. They turned out to a

more breath than anyone I ever she opened her eyes it was broad man and worked, regardless of new. daylight and much lighter than wages. 'Til after dark they were

The brief laugh was not enough usual, for the ground was covered removing the snow and debris. It

to change the train of thought. with snow. Through half open had cleared off and was freezing

"These things we are making lids Clarise noted the feathery hard.

are all right for the little children, flakes, then dozed off again. She

but they're not going to take the was so tired and it was so pleasant place of skates and sleds and books to lie half asleep and half awake. As S Clarise walked

for the older ones. We're not It snowed all day. Clarise did home, fragrant odors of baking

actually suffering but the men will not leave the house. The unchaland frying came from the clustered

not spend money for such things lenged quiet was heavenly. Truly cabins. She sensed the change in

with no work in sight."It was it was a day of rest. Her spirit the village. There was stir and

Mrs. Taylor who spoke. She had felt bathed and refreshed. She excitement. The apathy caused by

worked busily all afternoon withwrote some letters and addressed three weeks enforced idleness was out saying much. She hoped the some Christmas cards. Just before broken. Later she heard the men

doll she had made would please dark she walked out on the porch. shouting, laughing, even singing as

some little one. It did not solve The sky fairies still seemed to be they came home from the mill.

her individual problem. shaking their giant sifter. The Mrs. Swenson had gone in to

"We must be hopeful."This white peace that stretched as far as make a fire so Clarise came home

from Clarise. "Even now someeye could reach was only rivaled to meet cheer.

thing might happen before Christby the peace in her heart. How "How's the miraclemaker,"

mas."different the feverish haste of yeslaughed her neighbor.

"What could happen?"terday—and tomorrow, back into Clarise was at a loss to catch

"Well, I've heard of mountains the battle, but today that did not her meaning.

being moved."matter. "You're not going to deny that

"We don't want a mountain you prophesied something would moved, dear Miss Williams, just happen, are you?"morning IN up EXT cheersomething to the up. men "Well, has it?"

fire her before and making ownThere's chance for no Christmas "Well, hasn't are men it? The daylight startled she was'man by aspirit all sullen."with so them working. must You have prayed happily. whistling out Looking "Bein'a father's hard work hard."

she saw shovelWaite Timothy at Christ- "Notsometimes—especially for the warehouse roof to to ing a door. her path snow Themas."fall in."his knees. above let's just was "Yes, I know. But

seethink everything is going to be all "A job at last,"he shouted

Clarise ing in the framed doorway.right. mill reopen."The may not could "Sure some snow!"G-LARISE last year!"of the "The They mill laughing. help owner The It indeed, all breaking prewasregarded her pityingly. Whatever feel loss. the never Doubtwould records. vious It stopped for aboutshe teaching school about knew it less Eastern controlled was by hours, the while two worked men littleshe very mill knew about capital. Mrs. was Swenson But clearing it paths. began Thenowners. a of steady constream pouring again. children were wild The

with delight. The paths, with the versation.

PERHAPS their attisnow piled high on either side, be- "They'll get it all cleared out tude sprung defiance in Clarise. came new mysterious alley ways. tonight. It's a blessing it's quit

Whatever it was she was startled It was snowing at recess but there snowing. They'll start on the new

at her own ringing words. was no keeping them inside. (Continued on page 168)

to Students An Appeal By DR. ELMER G. PETERSON

President of the Utah Agricultural College

statement; as the drunken despots of cheap American life, its doorsEACHcountryyearwe throughoutobserve whattheis power, we laugh heartily at this college becomes merely a reflection of old laughed and leered when had better be closed. If our stucalled Constitution Week, prophets told them they were dent groups and our social assemtoduring which we attempt anaheaded for ruin. blies are not markedly different

great appraiselyze and anew our the comparatively club low it clear that document.basic I am from governmental make me T ET public and social life and the cheap pessimist, a preaching in the not been special fervorThere has

appeals to support the Constitution doom. I believe heartily that ours dance halls which infest our comduring recent years because of the is the most capable and in some munities our colleges had better be

development of a state of lawlessways the finest generation of hisdemobilized and the students go ness which many observers believe tory, but I do believe that the down among those who have never seriously jeopardizes the very libwastage now as always in wrecked had the vision which should come erties our Constitution was orlives and diseased bodies and souls from institutions of learning.

dained to establish. We must asis tragically great as we go forward

first is probably be. unnecessary to the our destiny to say whatever maysume that it is among if a ITthat there are that to say citizens in to up- I wantduties of intelligent many citizens And

hold the law of every community the land. If they who arouse only

do not they invite our great admiraanarchy and destion. There is

truction of all the probably a growbenefits of orderly ing number of government. It such carrying

has become smart heavy burdens unto drink liquor in complainingly and

America. This generously supnation-wide violaporting every good

tion of our Conmovement. In fact

stitution may rethe evil I am here turn to plague us; mentioning seems

indeed it has alto be more in ready done so. It movements and in

must be a matter formulas and ways of grave concern of thinking which to all Americans fasten themselves to have the Presiupon the world dent of the Unitthan in people ed States announce, themselves, alas he did a few though there are months ago, that always enough life and property people of low asare less safe in piration and conAmerica than anyduct in every comwhere else in the munity to express civilized world. any evil we may sufferare"We in mind. said, "not haveing,"he

from a crime wave, considering the TN a subbut from A Constitution we oursidence of should think not foundations."A only of the Conmore severe arstitution but in adraignment of dition of all law,

America has never not only that great been made in its body of decisions history than this. of our legislative

In the midst of assemblies but also our prosperity and those even greater

110 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

dicta which may be classed as natfixion and the resurrection of Jesus perChrist. operationsural law, whose G. PETERSON, ELMER

I have universe. the entire D'R.president Agriculturalvade of the Utah

is since College pro1916, a Utah recognized also notin only mind purposes for may who rFHOSE in Plain duct, having been born but natural demonstrable lawand called * of this discussion be state county. City, has His Weber group even importantthat more re- (I unbelievers use the word him. of reason to be proud He

which we call spiritual law, as graduated from the school over luctantly because many so classified yet only vaguely denned and unwhich he now presides, and later advocate and practice the most derstood, yet which exercises a studied at the University of Chiadvanced morality) would make teaching Cornell, at anddetermining influence upon the cago for Christ essentially a sociologist and institution. latter in the a time

future of each one of us and which He is a member of a number of philosopher. They do not believe

determines the development of nascientific societies and is the author in the intangible or the unprovable tions. Taken as a whole the obof many articles on bacteriology assumptions which are considered

servance or the violation of law and entomology. The West is forby many to be the very heart of

has the effect either of raising an tunate in having at the head of one Christianity. They espouse Chrisindividual, a group and a nation of its colleges a man who exercises tianity in its ethical aspects only.

influence an so wholesometo great levels of achievement or over This they would say is Christidoes Dr. Peterson. people as youngin an apparently ruthless way anity. These honest doubters are

crushing them. Everything in our agnostics in the sense that Huxley,

universe from the movement of a who invented the word, was. He

dust particle to the operation of a purely spiritual conception which deliberately used this term to disgreat intellect is under the rule of has marked our government and tinguish himself and others of the for progress our determined it. escape law. cannot similar the belief those from We whom

is It years. fifty past and hundred called histories the times of church to obey the and law know To this in I mind, have this that now gnostics, those profirst is meaning neit in the who judgment my concepspiritual purely faith in a unfessed, sometimes undoubtedly perif achieve are cessity to we

sonal integrity or social and nation. worthily, knowledge which they

tional worthiness. did not possess. As opposed to the

the separates issue this priestcraft oppressive of former '"TODAY Independence Declaration of The groups. into The * world two coerce times to sought which men that things other "we says among

the believers of first consists group pretentions into assumptions and self evident these truths to be hold that all men are created equal and in animalism, the atheists and the of faith for which they were not endowed by their creator with mechanists on one hand and everyprepared and of which they in certain inalienable rights among body else on the other. Each group many cases were unworthy, agnoswhich are life, liberty, and the is entitled to respect and a hearticism was a wholesome reaction

pursuit of happiness."ing. A surprising portion of the which undoubtedly has done its

civilized world, particularly a large great part in freeing the world from intellecso-called of the portion vicious practices in the name of the are rights, so saysnr HESE faith tuals, admittedly religion. now has * every Declaration, to which things the in demonstrable only

is is to entitled as entitled; he man the life. abandoned have of They that be should remembered TT as runs he benefits gravity of the one concepts. spiritual old No is full the philosoof world his irrigate field his to over water necessity primitive the deny would stateethical phies, theories and a water as or he crops drops on scientific matters. all in proof of as philas ments admirable any as electricity or generate to wheel is founthe very thought Tested civJesus taught, our osophy but falls suffers disaster as from he he civilization. of dation modern ilization, the and AngloSaxon It unbe a building. high would is subin to trying err Where we is, particularly, in Nordic my to water thinkable run have down ject things which those to proof not Christ based judgment, upon and one the farm man's rows on measureor proof of not admit do sociologist, as a a or philosopher, refuse another. so to on do material in analysis or any ment,

- as of economist, the but Son God of portion overwhelming The reto thing important way. The as said himself came, Paul he who civilized leaders world the the of is intangible these that member attractive to teach the came, not that in grant not men did 1776 values forces or unmeasurable and thinkthings the which made up inalienable as things such had than important are even more other ing or Greeks the of any rights. nurbeen world had The and those things measure can we intellecrepresentatives a of purely doctrine the centuries for tured on a of love analyze. mother The civilization tual Christ teach to but or of rights kings of divine the child, devotion the of for her men risen crucified dead. the and from priests. unwere popes and They even principle a driving to them

accustomed to this new doctrine of to death, honor that is above Luke in the beginning of the the divine right of ordinary people. price, the friendship of strong men great record known as the Gospel

for each other,, courage which enaccording to St. Luke says:

self suffering, face the ables to after the of any adoption men p-VEN as as taken in have "For much many in a just cause, or for denial as of our others Constitution the basis a to narrative concerning hand draw up commonwealth through its acceptthe love of justice,—-these are those matters which have been fulfilled

ance by the original states, many spiritual forces the power of which among us, even as they delivered them unaccepted this statement as a theory cannot be denied. to us, who from the beginning were eye

only, but the founders of our govIncomparably the greatest event seemedwitnessesgoodand toministersme also,of havingthe word,tracedit ernment believed it sincerely. It in the history of the world is that the course of all things accurately from

was an expression of faith in a which relates to the life, the crucithe first, to write unto thee in order, most

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 111

excellent Theophilus, mightest that thou is of facts. concourse spiritual That heights man obwhich are the

the certainty the concerning thingsknow a fact. a beast is not of the jective of Christianity. One Thesewherein thou wast instructed."

curses of our times is that this great naturally he thought of as interestTT is these matters "which have doctrine of progression has been ing hypotheses but, as the power of been fulfilled among us"which prostituted into unbelief in the the opposite doctrine increased, he merit the careful attention of all of spiritual nature of man. Consethought of such spiritual concepts

us. I venture the assertion that quently any nation, England, Gerdecreasingly as practical proposals

every one who reads these lines, as many or France, conceiving of man for conduct.

every one in America, is a beneas essentially an animal naturally to apply the laws a great to man are always 'T'HERE manyficiary blessings of the have proceeded which of the animal are the laws which essentially upon life -*- who look crucified faithfollowed in Christ and resurrected from the dead. The of violence. If any animal desires this way. What can I get for mycivilization of which we are a part, food which is possessed by another self; how much learning can I

centering in the home and emphaanimal weaker than he, he takes it acquire for my own satisfaction;

sizing the importance, even the by force. So a nation seeking coal what advantages can my superior

sanctity, of the individual is a fields or oil or harbors sends its knowledge give me over others;

or its ships capture out to can I get of out much work how teachsoldiersproduct Testament of New needed. is what is overlit- This an education; by securing howing. Europe and American North

development is largely the result of whelmingly the tragic story of the tle can I give and how much can faith in Christ as the Savior of the world from its earliest history and I get in return? I owe allegiance,

world. I would consider myself it is the present international point such people say, to no code of

gravely derelict in my duty if I did of view which inevitably produced morals which does not minister to not charge the students everywhere the World War and will continue my personal satisfaction or adand particularly of the College to produce wars as long as men so vantage. I shall believe only what

with which I am associated with believe. Prewar Europe was unadmits of proof.

the solemn responsibility of inder the influence of the theory of to say to our studentsquiring diligently into those things evolution applied not only to aniWANT that doctrine such judgand plants also to but in my man,"which have been fulfilled among mals is entirely reawrong. particularly it ment that portion of Nous.

person the deny would which related to the struggle for sonable virtue of individual initiative I believe that faith in God is the existence nor survival and the of the first other necessity this or of any one would any to one deny Gerof who The philosophers

I abfittest. the believegeneration. that strives for it the of his reward their unqualified in many were

the faith beensence has of such other in fact In no opinions. way opinions Such pervadlabor.

life in influence thecorrupting it. can he achieve after But, of ing the thinking of whole nations,

every nation that has decayed and particularly the advanced thinkit is in sacrifice of ourselves, in all,debeen hasequally atheism that such votion self in to our great ing, work, relationships naturally human evil essentialthe beginning and denial that secret the of achievesettle tended to level to the low life of every the has wreckedwhich lies. ment students will bestiality. Younger of tendency to The was to degeneratedindividual has who understand this fully as later more not put only international rela-

a low level. If this is true then how tions on this level but also for the they try and try in vain to find enimportant it is that we attempt individual to think of himself as during satisfaction in any indulcontained the recordto understand in or of any accumulation it gence an therefore animal and to think

It is morein the New Testament. or wealth power, or in the mere to unnecessary aspire to those great

important than all our other learnpiling up of learning itself. Dising. couraging as it sometimes appears,

the great values are attainable only J. disposition habit of and HE story of the World'T'HE War devotion to reby spiritual truths has fraining "sins from of commission",

parin full, told -* not yet been is, course, essential which of sometimes so abstract appear suban but ticularly the origins. It is of less ordinate aspect of character-—a negaas to be untenable but which are

tive morality. the positive When toimportance Germany as actual know that their real in and existence

is assured, negative morality the exelementor France or England was their influence and as material any will, in large measure, take care of citing cause than to know what itself. object or force can be. Life often

kind of thinking it was that led This point of view makes eviappears a most contradictory enterthe fact character that dent educa- a ternations to such up prise asmen and find that mere pleasure we is tion apart processes the not from the thatrible I think cataclysm. bitter becomes in the; that sufend is, as of education a whole, but or

actioncause monstrous of such fering leads often to happiness; be, all is should of a these phase

complex and cannot be stated fully processes. Any power whatsoever of that toil is better than rest; that

the individual, physical orin statement. same a single is mental, life At the begot only pain; through

liability become asset or an a may causetime I think that the primary is often that poverty a blessing and the standpoint character. from of

of every war is the thinking of peoDevelopment of character calls for riches a curse; that hardship is

ple and particularly.their unbelief development in the highest degree of something we should pray God to

all the as individual of the powers acturealityin the or in the of God give us in abundance, granting assets character, figuratively ofality resurrection of the Jesus of that only strength to overwe have speaking. in the These powers

Christ. overbeen has world The it; that come beauty strength and service oral of reality are ends inrun by the doctrine of evolution, constituent elements of character.—often thrive in the very muck of

which of course no intelligent and Milton Bennion in "School and Solife; that the beginning of wisdom

informed man denies. Evolution ciety,"Aug. 6, 1927. is knowledge of our ignorance; that

is a fact or rather a tremendous the greatest strength is in humility;

112 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

that the ignorant often confound the wise; that a handicap can more the ethical principles that foe youth more important to know much I T is

itself; thatthan time overcome restricting it is to and justify private the use of than property laws know merely

space have no beginning or end, that these restrictions exist. It surely is better that youth should stand firmly

and yet we cannot conceive of a for world peace with justice to all than that they be scared into an attitude thing without beginning or end ofin replyconciliationthat developmentby descriptionof theof themoralhorrorsjudgmentof modernis incidentalwarfare.to allIf experienceit be said

and yet our reason tells us that a and, therefore, unnecessary as the primary objective of any course, the answer beginning or an end is impossible; is that this phase of the social inheritance like other phases does not pass

that he who would have his life automatically from one generation to the next. Transmission of the most funis of purposes of the primary social aspects inheritance one the damental of lose itwill gives his and he who

is the highest to teach omitting for study. of courses less reason There evenlife freely life eternal. will have there than exercise would in train ethical concepts to judgment of the moral and

be to omit teaching the vernacular. That will certainly be acquired in some

than fashion, indeed, in but not worse often fashion; a bad degree and some terrible so great the and A ND

acquired our by too"** commonly only types moral the of immoral and a universe are of which we "Historical of moral Bennion in The haphazard methods education.—Miltonjudgment its eitherpart stupefy us may by for 1926. March, Outlook"

magnitude or we may somehow put ourselves in harmony with it those to accordingand then, who the are better. something, I believe they he wanted worse. when

its secrets,have to got closest insent messages of believe frequent that the world other I do it But beautifulbecomes not terrible but is appreciation. deadquiry under the they face and The inwhichbeyond description; and evil influence grate doctrines so of life beening was relatively unknown

comes a great, never ending rothat the very existence of civilizaamong men, the other became emimance. tion is threatened. I believe that it nent.

I appreciate that this is the age is a sign of intelligence to detest I stood on a sidewalk in Salt of indulgence. But there have been cordially much that makes up modLake City some years ago studying

similar ages in the history of huern life. At the same time one the passing stream of humanity.

manity, Sodom, Gomorrah, Babycannot go far in any halls of real The first outstanding feature of thelon, Ancient Rome,—all these died learning without realizing that comeand-go procession was that

through indulgence. The world riches of mind and spirit, beyond of a family group made up of a

their stage to comprehend ourhas power alarming an now reached child. a a man, and The woman

reach. are our the within magnitude, to surrenderof debauchery, of straight as the family, head of an

colIt is good the purpose of any of; influencedegenerating mere in strode front arrow with a gun

materialism. I do not believe that lege to lead all of its students up to on his shoulder; he was followed

youth is going bad. I believe the these high levels where the riches by a yellow dog, then came the

youth of today compare favorably are, and equally to arouse in them wife and mother. She carried in

with any previous generation. If a deep and abiding hatred of the her hand a sack of food and on her

there is any difference it is evil which is so abundant everyback was lashed the Indian cradle probably only slightly better or where. in which was the child. I said,

"ignorance and ingratitude on the march."Gratitude a Measure of 1A** LITTLEoutstandinglater featurecame anotherof the

Intelligence sidewalkfamily. Thestreamman ofas fatherlife, anotherpushed

a baby carriage with one hand and

By DR. GEORGE H. BRIMHALL as husband held with the other

an hand umbrella over the woman, PresidentEmeritus of Brigham Young University while trotted behind a tiny dog.

It was a pageant of full grown its gratitude, I and I said, a came looked gratitude. of thoroughbred."high grade whichYWHILE upon outa lamehuntinghorse,

had not been able to keep up with From these observations and the band. I walked up to the ani- Y\7HILE riding after stock I came many more I feel safe in saying that

mal and saw that it was young and upon a young horse enwhile gratitude may not always be without marks of saddle or hartangled in a wire fence; with much an index to superior mentality, the

ness, the evidence of having been difficulty I extracted the creature, absence of it advertizes either inhandled. Laying down my gun which rewarded me by kicking my tellectual inferiority or lamentable

and taking out my knife I venhat off from my head and scampignorance.

tured to attempt to find cause of ering away to join its comrades, its lameness. The grownup colt then I said, "cayusel"

permitted me to open an incision on one side of the hoof and remove J"KNEW two boys bred and reared So long as we love, we serve.

a large sliver, which was followed by the same parents in the same So long as we are loved by others by a gush of pus. I let down the environment; each in his teens left I would almost say we are indisfoot and stroked the head of my home, one ran away, and the other pensable; and no man is useless

patient who rubbed its nose on my went to work, "to help the folks."while he has a friend. Robert

shoulder, and as I walked away The first wrote like most prodigals Louis Stevenson.

One of the greatest gifts life has to Forever, oh, wind, looking backward, In the following poem, as in others offer is the gift of Christmas day, not wind, by this gifted young writer, simplicity clothes a beautiful of meter and words farreaching tremendous and am The for itsalone crying—too, night—I

night, with a spirit I thought. December wind, sobbing, cannot On a universal be going,significance, for the but

of joy and love for one another which I cannot whirl backward with you. new year about to dawn, every one of us

attends it. In Mrs. Cherrington's poem could go back into the days just passing

we feel the touch of the old and the new, But, pray, when you do go whirling, into history, and find there strength and and underlying both is the eternal. wind, faith great enough to bid us carry on.

Sweep back to that night so long past,

And tell him I love him, love him, wind, I shall love him, oh wind, to the last. To the Old Year Christmas Heritage

Mary Hale Woolsey Edith Cherrington voices of Arc, Since the time of Joan opened Year! Year, They've Old are OLD all us intriguing. of been Not the door. wide rose petals strewn across have wildLIKE the things as to told is such was amazing to go. do near for you drawing The time sky, the

The clouds were scattered as the sun brave little Maid of France, but it is a Their gay shouts rend the midnight frosty went down great comfort to hear them, anyway. That air,

racial their favors in voices are not bells ring out across the silver is And of Bethlehem. many feet The trampOn

lives fact that Adelle Skov by the snow. the proven through echoes unaccustomed Woke

town in Canada. The little, trembling New Year waits

Long silenced to the stately tread of close by:

kings. The bells, the shouts, the clamor are The lights flared up in every gay Voioices for him.

an unmourned passing in the bazaar,—For you,

night, the city was so overfilled G. Adelle SkovAnd all

if silent dim. caring path be your None from frail stranger coming one That

call I they'll listening, for know 7'M afar acclaim yours! wild year such ago, was to me, A hills stable shelter in those a onFound see? fickleness to grieve, this is ere gone, insistent Oh, you the Softly do day with the once dawn met Ruth Where slight, smile, I call, shall gladly unhurt any you do by Or and know and Beckon eyes, lovelit

eternity? that near stand so clear low; It you and is for the me, summons Now child place her holy sang, to DavidAnd

it shall song to evening come For on me that star crowned the Beneath are understand because calm you you And lea. hill o'er the the 'top and a the Windborne skies. eastern pain, properly each value and joy And

bitter the that heal time will be, Knowing shall twilight the hush in way And my caress the Christmas the windsTonight hurts dewbesprinkled o'er Silent swift and hills. share of happiness bring some And grass, petals like cherryblossom Snowflakes, again? their sweet flowers shed While dewwet

fall perfume to did bring streets city you me. Old wisdom the benediction In on to This turns sunlight ere fading the And voices Year! play, children and merry Where

gloom, I, fearlooked forward once call. who And

glen through and meadow Homeward fully, delight! holly! Laughter and Pine and

I shall pass, faith the in flame. single new, with a welcome made Can into that Lights merge

reality. shall day's dreams become And share strong strangers the for abundanceWarm

All given joyously in Jesus'name. Because you, Old Year, have been kind

This is the heritage of Christian faith to me.

discussed of least means the Among to gift supreme Gifts God's symbolize / f < is is there poetry; transportation and who men

literal to too ever grown anyone it Has to one convey to has the deny power a voices chant million night on this As is less believe than a promthat a rainbow reading After "Wanderthe world? about shepherds the song sweet same That

the lines ise? bring back following it The person unusual be lust"an who would again. heard,

could say he has never seen the Mediterglory of all the rainbows of the past.

ranean.

Miss Nuttall is new to our pages, but The Rainbow we hope she has come to stay. There is Wanderlust Ruth May Fox

perlines almost which in her something

C. valley Shaw the Mary dismal dreadfully OW that us of contented we the most suades

torrents of clouds send the down As H. constant. though frightfully are unhappy, cedar in tub oleander your

; rain sultry red blossoms GAYFlaunting on the city friendless the and Lonely air, see again? blueShall sky never we

cross the take and wings thoughts My the Wind To rolling deep fargleaming lo, a mountain, from But

Frances Nuttall To sapphire shores, and sunny skies so With gold and magnificent stroke fair. The sun threw a rainbow so perfect

OH, wind,sweep, with your sobbing, crying There, giant oleanders ope their blooms, That joy in my soul, thrilling, woke.

You do not sob alone, To sway and lean where crumbling marTo reverent, intense exaltation

For, wind, you are whirling, frantic; bles be. For the splendor of color and span

steep They view their lovely image in a stream, Arching over the vale with a glory

The path I tread alone While in the distance gleams an azure sea. That Deitv only could plan.

Out of the Burning By IVY WILLIAMS STONE Chapter One

JAMES FLEMING HARRISON, JR.

Attorneyat-Law

clear, the Junior from the office door. feminine intelligence and capabil-I.T was a neat sign, done in

black type on the Florentine glass. Then he reflected that it would apities.

It led into a wellappointed ofpear unseemly; too eager. The

fice. It introduced a wellgroomed janitor could do that later. He felt

man, not young, not old, eyes sure the Governor would appoint Y<OUNG James reach- a trifle puffy, as if their owner him to fill the unexpired term vaed into his desk and drew forth a were underexercised or overfed; cated by his father. Now, at long, legal envelope, heavily sealed.

hands a little too white, as if unthirty-five, he would come into "I brought this down this accustomed to menial tasks; chin his own. He would seek election morning, Eunice. It is the will.

indecisive. James Fleming Harrihimself. He would establish a Father placed it in my care. I have

son, Jr., was an understudy; a platform of strict observance of no real knowledge of its contents,

lawyer still waiting for his opporprohibition. He had always felt but it is reasonable to suppose I

tunity, unassertive, undecided. In his father to be too lenient toward will inherit considerable. Calm

the tones of his voice, the moveliquor offenders. He, young yourself, sister. Even if father did

ments of his body, he revealed a Jimmy, would punish these ofleave all his property to me, there studied desire to please others, to fenders as severely as his father had will be provision for your lifetime avoid criticism. All his life he dealt with cattle thieves in bygone support."Miss Eunice's hands

had been an understudy to an years. It would be good politics. trembled in her lap. Anticipation

irascible, dominating father of continued masculine dominance

Judge James Fleming Harrison. was not pleasant.

Judge Harrison had come West MlSS Eunice HarriThe will was ironically brief.

when he was merely Jimmie Harson came promptly at eleven. Her A fiftythousand dollar life insurrison. He had come seeking quick hair was gathered into a neat knot ance policy was equally divided befortune and adventure; he had at her neck, her skirts were detween the two heirs. The home

stayed to prosecute the cattlerustler cidedly not too short. She did not and all its furnishings went to

and the claimjumper. In the wear black, but her clothes reEunice. The son received, in its

establishing of the new state's vealed their selection for service stead, title to certain mountain machinery of government, he had rather than style. Her mild blue lands located in Crow's Nest,

been elected judge of the district eyes bore a faraway, visionary exwhich held promise of coal. This

court. He had held that office pression. Her hands, unlike her title had been obtained through tax

through sheer force of will and brother's, were not too white. Miss sales; was valid, unquestionably

iron determination. He had senEunice, five years older than her legal. The single sheet of paper

tenced the first prisoner to enter brother, had played the role of with its sparse lines was properly the state's prison, and had contindocile-daughterhousekeeper in her signed, attested and witnessed.

ued to meet out justice for forty father's old rambling, southernyears. Then suddenly, in the midst style home.

he finished readingof a hectic pronouncement of sen- "Good morning, Eunice,"James A:.S

tence, he himself had answered the waved his sister to a seat. "I am the brief paper, young James Harcall of the Greatest of Judges. glad to see you prompt."rison glanced toward his sister. She

was no longer sitting on the edge "Good morning, brother."Miss of her chair. Her hands no longer

I HUS young James Eunice sat on the edge of the proftrembled.

chair, half glanced fered timand aroffice, the waiting his insat 'There be some must is—there her deferentially idly, half toward their sister, to his openrival of mistake,"James stammered almost the inherit brother. would trifle He a dazed will.father's was He in his "I the home. want led exto property; she been had release. his ofat the suddenness dewill family My position—mychagrin. that. reared pect been with She had to forced been that had mindThe it. us, live can with mand You sterner, respect the for proper so for older brain the beforecow as afterEunice,"he added an sex. intelligent stronger, its more find at On once did years notmany thought. father rare occasions her those when about among gropedmoorings. He

chaotic thoughts. He reached for had praised her, it had been that "But brother, you received other

his penknife, thinking to scrape she realized the limitations of lands. Where are they?"

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 115 which you seem to lack. She will easier for deserving girls. My

merely title 1 a have HAT is never can be grieved if our son cannot be youth is gone—I codger's to some old homestead life daughter. spend planned."up born So I shall as we have my

in Crow's Nest, that lamentable "Echo is a dear the and my money, serving daughters subdivision of our county. He wife for a Harrison,"girl—justmused Miss of other women."

got stubborn, or couldn't read, or Eunice. "She eats when you tell

something, his didn't and pay her she is hungry."

I FLEMING AMES taxes. title Father got tax through X will "I felt of surge the full buy the home from you, HARRISON sale deeds. it will a be day Some then."seniority. his newborn He ascoalfield. valuable he But now—"

attitude his dignified most sumed his deprecatingly. "If hands waved

utterance. gave solemn I asserted Eunice and Miss ownership and went my J AMES,"desecrate "If you our ancestral self there, assertive. old duffer stood up defiant, some up would

in that shall never manner, I home off. likely years old. "I'm forty never peck They're pretty I was me

its threatcross threshold,"he for a girl until their being fussy about those forgiven holdings, you old mountaineers. They pay no came. Then I was tolerated as a ened.

if you rob some old attention to law. They grow poor bodyguard for you. I was a "And

mountaineer of his cabin and corn cowed subdued corn and moonshine. good young make child—a read patch, just because he can't old woman, a dominated maid. judge I'm I'll put some ofWhen

'em where they belong."Just sort of a duenna. In this last and doesn't understand the crooks

"Perhaps they're too poor to pay gesture, my father has partially and turns of law, I'll be ashamed their taxes,"ventured Miss Eunice, atoned for the higher education he to have you come,"flashed Miss

Her voice was not solemn, all denied to be Eunice. always wanted sympathy. "Perhaps they can't me—I dignified. nor her manner a nurse.read—For years I have humored

'You have no respect for herihis I every whim. Eunice,""I want the home, am going Now

Eunice."to that remodel old countered of a tage, James. poise barn "It has

you might say. It carries family house. I'll rip out those fireplaces "You are like the law; no rehistory. It is the typical home for and put in a furnace and closets and specter of persons, James."

"I'll the buy home from you."a I'll turn it judge. into a home You would be too lonebathrooms.

"I'll coalyour buy mountain girls. for underprivileged there."some The

Harrison Home!"field,"retorted Eunice.

Brother and sister faced pach home!"gasped "Our James * other defiantly, unwaveringly. live can with Y OU Fleming Harrison. "Working Each suddenly iron the that knew Eunice. counteredme, James,"girls. wouldn't dare!"You will and determination old of the Eunice, possibly know, you "As "Just flashed you watch me!"Judge not his perished had with is, I beto about amI—we—that Miss Eunice Harrison. "Your death. It is that father. a wishcome my baby won't about worry not being ancestral in son be born mymy there. it born up, grows When in JYlISS Eunice threw concurs withhome. Echo me

it will perhaps give never the house herself wholeheartedly the intothis wish."a second glance. sensible, Be of remodeling inheritwork better her be child born might "The James a and modern. Give Echo ance. first the For in her leaks time a hospital. and roofin The checking account, let and her she as the could a memory in willed. clothescloset she isn't dothere

I herself. breath for shall have high sat fireplaces mirrored Theentire were Harrison Eunice house."perfectly times, wonderful fixing torn ruthlessly out;erect, slipping alcoves and her timidity from that old up life house and making staircases winding cloak. like the a gave loosedher up

"You have no imagination!"precious space they had monopocried her brother, exasperated. "No lized; bay windows became sun

respect for the home our father parlors. Plumbers and furnace men

the finest of onecopied from manSandstorm cameinteriormarchingdecoratorsin; carpentersgave the andold the South. oldsions of Those

walls are two feet thick."Clioe Lovett Cleaves walls new beauty; porches and

"All those old fireplaces confresh paint transformed the entire sume a lot of coal,"suggested Miss OANDSPIRALS racing appearance. And Miss Eunice

* Winddevils dancing, lived gloriously free, directing,Eunice practically. "It needs endless repairs to make it habitable."Air turning yellow, changing, planning, accomplishing

Laden with dust. a longcherished dream. It would

"T1 CAN repair it. I will Windmusic moaning, Factorynot be difficultgirls fromto fillthethecountry,house.

be in a position to maintain it Heavy notes throbbing orphans from the city, would welLike a great organ persistedproperly,"James. "You come the opportunity. few A

in the Played to live continue with us."can dust. venturesome girls from Crow's

"You and Echo can live with Windfuries howling, Nest might be persuaded to come me,"smiled Eunice. Sandlegions swooping, into the city in search of better

"Fortunately, I chose for a wife Sun in the heavens, living conditions and education.

a lady whose sole ambition is to Hidden by dust.

rule her own home,"answered I HE word "Junior"

James with dignity. "She has the disappeared from the law office

respect for those ancestral walls door. The governor, after a brief

116 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

period for appearances, duly applatform will be certain conviction. relinquish his title to another's

pointed the son to fill his father's Old Silas will be certain convichome. Through the county recvacancy. Then young James tion with minimum expense. Our ords she learned her brother held

moved into the Judge's Chambers town will shortly be free of liquor title to the lands of Steve Turner.

and removed the word "Senior"offenders."He had inherited it from his father,

from that office door. Judge James "I guess you know what you're who homesteaded in the days of the

Fleming Harrison had no senior, aimin'at,"mumbled the sheriff, state's infancy. Steve Turner, she

had no higher authority to account scratching his head dubiously, "but learned, was dead; but his aged

to. With the same zest that had I got my doubts."widow and her married son lived

prompted his father to prosecute on in the mountain home, clannish, suspicious, superstitious.cattle thieves in the early days, he A;.S "The Harrison

threw himself with vengeance into Home"progressed under untiring the work of ferreting out liquor effort, Miss Eunice was assailed Perhaps,"mused offenders. With the purpose of with conflicting emotions concernMiss Eunice, "if I went to see them

proving himself a worthy candiing her brother. She was glad he I could tell James their story. He

date for the next election, he was was judge. Glad he was to have might relent. He might let me buy

determined to make an example of a child. She hoped it would be out his interest. Maybe the Turthe first offender to come up for the desired son, but smiled indulners could get enough money tosentence. Unofficially, he sent for gently at his assurance. Ever she gether to pay James back the taxes

the sheriff. had a growing unrest over his inFather paid. Maybe they would

heritance of mountain property. It move into town; maybe they

bring their rather daughof been unfair her would let me to arrest had you "t1 WANT "to 'Harrison Home.'father to take advantage keen of his ters down admonished. heSilas Hoggan,"

"That old profligate has disgraced knowledge of law, and buy tax sale The pentup desires and emotions this town ever since I was a boy. deeds. These people were ignorant of her youth were coming forth in

The passing of the Prohibition mountaineers. Perhaps they were one great flare. With her, to think

Law made no difference to him. I too poor to pay; perhaps they was to act. She must see the Turdoubt if he has ever missed a Satdidn't know the law; perhaps they ner family in their home environurday coming into town in a state couldn't read the notices. Maybe, ment.

of complete inebriation. He defies even, the notices had been lost in Within a week her plans were

the law."the mails. But for ten years they complete. She divulged her pur-

"No, he don't aim to go agin had been living on property to pose to no one. Leaving "Harrithe law, Judge. He just don't which they held no title. They son Home"to catch its breath, she

know about laws and rules. He eked a meagre existence from the engaged a staid old driver and his

can't read. Most of the old folks unproductive ground which did car to take her into Crow's Nest,

up Crow's Nest don't know much not belong to them. It was waitthat neglected community which

'bout larnin'. Old Silas don't ing. A game of waiting, until the was almost cut off from the accesknow he shouldn't make whisky. opportune time when capital could sible world by means of topograHe makes his little bit right along. be interested to develop the holdphy, and the great desire of its

Got a little corn patch, what the ings. Miss Eunice pondered and inhabitants to live their own lives,

old woman hoes, and a little twoworried, puzzled and studied how unmolested.

gallon still. Every week he drinks she could persuade her brother to (To be continued)

one jug and brings the other to itown to trade for snuff and coaloil.

does a shirt of overalls and pairA if his Christmas Tree year. Doubt a wholehim

old woman gets that much."Arranged by GEORGE B. KIRBY

"I intend to make an example HPHE Christmas Tree custom, so to put forth a shoot every month, of him,"continued the Judge with * far as Christianity is conand a spray of this tree, with orders. have austerity. your "You cerned, origin, in its is German and twelve shoots in used on it, was

trial, a jury proper will be givenHe is identified labors of with the at their solstice celeSt. Egypt winter

found guilty and sentenced acMaternus, one of the earliest if not bration as being symbolical of the this Hereafter, law.cording to the the very first of year. preachers of the ended attribute The Germans

that a fearwillcommunity know gospel the Teutons. the actual among institutions of the fir

less judge holds this dignified ofJust how that people became tree as part of the Christmas celefice."latter for the sponsors Christday to bration Luther, Martin but

stir to craving ain't got "I no is tree is doubtful, posmas there though reliable no information on sheriff the Nest,"that Crow'sup it is sibly traceable festival to the this subject. espeDutch, The

his displeased with plainlywas of cially Saturn Dec. began 17, which in were Amsterdam, New

task. "Them old fellers stick toand may have been imported into responsible for the vogue which the

like molasses. They'regether tree of the conquerdarn Germany It gained by some in America. is now lack in booktheygood aim. What ing legions. one of have a our oldest The Germans holiday customs.

learnin', they sure make up in legend of St. Maternus sleeping beIn England it was entirely untarget practice."neath a fir tree, and of a miracle known until the marriage of Queen

that occurred upon that occasion. Victoria to Prince Albert, who in-

Y OU have your orThere is another theory that the troduced into his adopted country ders,"reiterated the Judge. "He notion of this tree came from the custom known in every Gerwill be made an example. My Egypt. The palen tree is supposed man household.

The Pioneer CzechoSlovak Missionaries With Dr. John A. Widtsoe,

President of the European Mission

Sitting, left to right: Alvin G. Carlson, President John A. Widtsoe, Arthur Gaeth, mission

president. Standing: Charles Josie, Joseph I. Hart, Willis H. Hayward, Wallace F. Toronto.

Opening, the Gospel Doors To the Slavs

of theTHEof Czechothe ChurchSlovak ofMissionJesus By tria.though Threemost of membersthem are in AusDR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE Church, Sister Franciska Brodil Christ of Latterday Saints and her daughters Jane and Fanny

24, July on opened formallywas they years followthe ten Valentine, For Prague. in live H. and W. testimony, of meeting1929. The the that the unceasingly in laboring prayed brethren, have ing of dedication, hours andsong to opened be might were door Gospel missions, Germanspeaking held feasting, spiritual wasglorious tongue, native the in people field: their Alvin the called into new a beauty, place a on of unusualin full on joy of was their cup JoUtah; and Logan, of Carlson, G. fathe hilltop overlookingshady opening. formal of Idaho; the I. day Rigby, of Hart, seph picthe Castle Karlstein andmous Logan, of Willis Hayward, H. river Berothe valley ofturesque 3?rovo, Josie, of Charles Utah; times various at elders have thus Gospel doorunka. was The of Toronto, F. Wallace Utah, and this in O'tUR work missionary done race of to Slavonic theopened These City, Utah. Salt Lake Biesinger Elder Thomas country.people.

first piothe constituting brethren, in Gospel the to preach attempted First direction the of the Under mission, the in elders of neer group inreligious in 1883, when Prague bepreparations forPresidency, call, the heartily and to responded he and still supreme, tolerance was the were someginning made work the in at busily are work now pains. his jail for in days spent 68 Gaeth, ago. Eldertime Arthur

just completing a long and very ancient, interesting city of Prague, In his old age, within the last two successful mission in the Germanthe capital of the progressive years, in fulfillment of prophecy,

Austrian field, was called, on May CzechoSlovak Republic. he came back to Prague, and for a

19th, to continue his work in the short time preached the Gospel to new mission as the presiding officer, A NUMBER of Czechs are faiththe people. All our preaching,

in theand some weeks later, with the coful members of the Church. however, has been done

operation of Presidents Fred Tadje Several reside in CzechoSlovakia, German language. The organiza118 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

tion of the CzechoSlovak Mission changing governments. This is pire, wellnigh robbed of its very

marks the first attempt to proclaim the ancient land of Bohemia, the birthright, but finally liberated by the Gospel in a Slavonic tongue. people of which are called Czechs. the Great War. And through three

The peace treaties of 1918, and centuries of oppression its national spirit afterwards, created In has unbroken. remained the CzechoSlavs, are little known who HE T*

it including a decade slovak Republic, Bohas become a safe and * in misunderstood and much

America, first appeared in history hemia, Moravia and Silesia, formsteady, wisely governed, forwardabout the 6th century after Christ. erly the Kingdom of Bohemia, looking nation, true to its own

Their original home seems to have and Carpathian Russia, containing ideals, though giving heed to the been in the territory northeast of closely related people. The new wisdom of the centuries.

the Carpathian mountains. They state covers 50,400 square miles or

area the of the about State of 2/3 its history, eventful today, westward, advanced and

Utah. Republic conthus The nomil- numbering fought several hundred Czechs many TOURINGthe stituted, nearly contains 14,000,- lions, are represented battles table for Early humanity. by Russia.

Poland, Jugoslavia, Bulgaria and 000 inhabitants, about 70% of in the 15 th century the corruption

CzechoSlovakia. which are of Slavic stock, the of the Church led the people to call

They were of a "single stock, Czechs forming the very large mafor reform. John Huss, priest and

people of the same blood, the same jority. university professor, became the

language, the same manner of life."CzechoSlovakia, the ancient leading voice, calling upon the

As they spread abroad the language Bohemia, has a noble history. Church to return to the practices of

was split into several dialects and Christianity was accepted about the early Church and to respect other differentiations took place 1,000 years ago. Intelligent rulers freedom of conscience among all

among the groups as we find them governed the country. The wonmen. Huss was a gentle, honest

today. derful resources of water, land and man who loved truth above all

mountain were developed. The else. He was declared an heretic

pROM the beginning, the Slavs kingdom became an empire, the and burnt at the stake in 1415.

* have shown a preference for boundaries of which expanded to This outrage led the lovers of truth democratic government. Their the Adriatic Sea. The Czech and freedom into open rebellion

original clan organization had no tongue became the official and poagainst both a Church and State central government. Though time lite language in the Western as well that permitted such acts. The

and time again they have lost their as Eastern courts of Europe. Hussite wars resulted. When the

independence, as witness Poland, Scholars and leaders of thought of victory was won by the people they have in time regained their all lands came to Prague as the inmost of the nation was Protestant, freedom. The feeling for selfgov- tellectual center of Europe. Then, and the whole of Europe had been

ernment has always been strong changing dynasties, international awakened to the need of a purified within them. Slav culture has jealousies and a succession of wars, religion. Huss was one of the

contributed much to our civilizaenfeebled the country. At last it chief predecessors of the Reformation, in science, literature, art and came under the tyranny of the tion. If Bohemia had done nothmusic. The oldest universities in Hapsburg rule, was incorporated ing else, it is entitled to the graticentral Europe were founded by into the AustroHungarian Emtude of the world. Under the evil

Slavonic peoples. The

victory of the allies in the Great War - libertyconferred up- - KARLV tym ";''- '''':on the Slavs. The m% '

new nations which were then formed up-... 'ih

on historical lines, having in mind racial relationships, are now working out some of the most interestingexperiments in demo-.* s**-

cratic government and life. juA- t, fun *;iSp

"X/fORE than

: - a; -.:;,:,,:.-. ': '....

'......,v.fe.,--,. -'*-,.. '....: i....................::';-,,.,,..:. -...; 'Vyj years;; thousand

ago, one branch of the Slavs pressed far to.;......-.,-..::;...... ''.;....: -''->.::.v-.;.\ ''"'''the westward and oc-::....,--:.

cupied a tongue of land between what is now Germany and Austria, and have In the Vicinity of this Castle, the Opening Meeting of the CzechoSlovak maintained their inMission Was Held, July 14, 1929 tegrity ever since, though often under The Improvement Era for December, 1929 119 service 5 % and miscellaneous occupations, 10%. The

government is tolerant, democratic and farseeing. Its president is the great

political and social philosopher, Dr. T.

G. Mosaryk. Religious liberty is guaranteed under the constitution. The government is engaged

with problems in land reform, education of the masses, benevolent and protective measures against illness, suffering in old age, and poverty, and a host of other problems, Monument in Prague to John Huss, Reformer, Who Was Burned at the Stake the outcome of which for Heresy, July 6, 1415 will be as beneficial lessons to the whole. world. CzechoSlov-

akia is one of the most rule of the Hapsburgs, freedom of And, many others might be enupromising lands of Europe; and is

thought and action was again fetmerated. of keen interest because of its

tered, but is now released in this history, scenery, cities, people and day of liberty. HPHE country, itself, is greatly present constructive undertakings.

A ]MONGHuss wasthe Bishoplatter followersComenius,of ofnavigableEurope.favored.riverThoughIt liescommunicationinland,in the ithearthas HP* HISfromnation,shacklesemancipatedof tyrannyagainover

(died 1670) the most notable edwith the ocean. Its soils are fertile, thought and speech, may hear, if

ucator of the middle ages, and perits forests productive, and its hills it will but listen, the message of the haps of all time. Though in exile contain coal, iron and many valurestoration of the full and unbecause of his religious beliefs, he able minerals. It has more than changed Gospel of Jesus Christ.

was called from country to country half of the industries of the former The truth of the Gospel alone will to help revise educational systems. AustroHungarian empire. Its make lasting success possible

His educational theories are those climate is healthful, and its land whether to individuals or to naupon which, in the United States surface of valleys and mountains of tions.

and elsewhere, we are building toexceeding beauty. The people are To preach the Gospel to all the

day; and we have not yet been enlightened (Bohemia has a liternations is a duty enjoined upon the

able to utilize all of his wisdom. acy of 97.5%) and courageChurch. The opening of the

One result of the Hussite Wars ous for truth. Agriculture claims CzechoSlovak mission is in obewas the election in 1458 of George 40% of the people; industries dience to this command. May the

Podebrad, a Bohemian noble, to 34%, commercce 11%, public Lord prosper the work!

become king of Bohemia. Among

the many notable enterprises of this intelligent ruler was the attempt to form a European league of nations for selfprotection and for the elimination of war. It was partly XTOW, if ye give place, that a seed derstanding, yea, it beginneth to be

successful and settled amicably sev- N may be planted in your heart, delicious to me.

eral disputes, but failed largely behold, if it be a true seed, or a Now, behold, would not this through the opposition of the good seed, if ye do not cast it out increase your faith? I say unto

Pope. The idea of such a conby your unbelief, that ye will reyou, Yea; nevertheless it hath not

federation was, however, let loose, sist the Spirit of the Lord, behold, grown up to a perfect knowledge.

and who can tell how much of the it will begin to swell within your political freedom of the present breasts; and when you feel these But behold, as the seed swelleth,

world is due to the Bohemian peace swelling motions, ye will begin to and sprouteth, and beginneth to needs say thatleague plan. say within yourselves—It must grow, then you must

needs be that this is a good seed, the seed is good; for behold it

CUCH are three of the contribuor that the word is good, for it beswelleth, and sprouteth, and betions of CzechoSlovakia to ginneth to enlarge my soul; yea, ginneth to grow.—Alma, 32:28,

human freedom and development. it beginneth to enlighten my un29, 30.

Spiritual Philosophy o Life A By MILTON BENNION Dean of the School of Education, University of Utah

ii The Nature of the Creative Process

> creation a continuous prowell, and at the same time offers a T\7E are aware of the fact that detheory holds that it is the life ods are much opposed to any Con-I cess?What are its moving causes? betterThis explanation of these facts. vv votees of natural science methIs reality a unitary being in or life principle itself in the germ sideration of final causes; that is,

which all parts are submerged, plasm or seed that determines the they have been ruled out by the or is it constituted of a plurality form and the functions of the depresuppositions of natural science, of at least semiindependent veloping organism; that its deNo objection is here offered to a

parts? velopment is not, therefore, wholly study of the facts of nature from

Philosophy attempts to answer determined by forces from behind the standpoint of efficient causation only, provided that thethese questions by applying reason—by mechanical forces—but that

to the facts of experience. Unless the end to be realized determines scientist does not assume, forththe facts of experience are to be rethe course of development. with, that this is the only legitigarded as mere appearances or illu mate way of conceiving nature, and

is, includsions there can be no doubt that XHIS theory can best be illusthat everything that reality is all the time in process of trated [n the development of ing human life and conduct, must becoming, changing, or developing, human personality. Do not pro also be conceived after the method

Any observer of nature, of a hugressive individuals commonly set of physical science, which would that however convincing goals attained, to be up and do not require life, of society, or ofman his own one's experience of the reality of these goals then become powerful processes,mental be con must vinced of this as an indisputable factors in determining their course final causes may be, this experience fact. Creation is all the time going of action and their final attain must be set aside as an illusion.

field of ethicson, and, if we may new assume, ments? Have not the dreams of The student in the

without further argument, the youth something to do with the has just as good reason for assumconclusions reached in the first accomplishments of mature life? It in2 fhe reality of final causes in

article of this series, creation is gois one of the primary functions of certain aspects of human conduct as ing on by the spontaneous activity education to stimulate youth to ha.s the physicist for assuming efncient causes exclusively in relation create ideals high to and developof living creatures, many whose

to the facts deals. he with which ambition realize to ideals. these Itforms, functions, activities are and

determined conjointly by their is also a function of teachers, social own natures and their relations workers, preachers, and statesmen TT should not be inferred that all possible forms causation of are to create help ideals, community nature as awith whole. Whether exhausted efficient in causation and to lead in and thisor not also community organbe true inof may

final causation in the of form conization activity objectsanimate and as realizcrystals, such toward sciously set up to ends realized. beplanets, is stars, ing or these ideals. a matter of spec community This Experience indicates that manyulation. development of individual and things new appear that can acbe

purposes, community purposes that counted for solely neither by determine courses of action is a efficient causes T*HE mechanistic view assumes conscious nor by that everything in nature is most important factor in human purposes. A certain type oTgenius!

operated by a force from behind, progress. If we may speak of for instance, may compose a poem

figuratively speaking; that the causes here as determining the without having planned to do so;

form and functions, for instance, course of development, these are another type of genius may of any given creature are deterfinal causes, as contrasted with the produce a musical composition mined wholly by the mechanical efficient or mechanical causes with without conscious plan or purpose.

forces that preceded it, which are which physical science deals, If these facts are disputed it must conceived as having be admitted in any case brought it into being. Its that the plan or purpose

life, therefore, is prede- D,'EAN MILTON BENNION, the author of this series, itself is not always contermined by these mestudied philosophy with John Dewey and James H. sciously planned; that

at the in University Tufts philosophy of Chicago 1898;chanical forces. is Life arise is, many new things with Nicholas Murray Butler, with psychology J. McKeenthus regarded as a byin the huCattelt, sociology Franklin with Giddings, and H. Cospontaneously

product of form and lumbia University, 190001; philosophy with J. E. man mind, and it is in

physical functions. McGilvary and Frank C. Sharp, University of Wisconsin, this manner, in large

There is, however, an1912-13. He has taught various branches of philosophy measure, that life deother theory that fits the in the University of Utah since 1901. velops. The mechanist

facts as observed just as may claim that these facts

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 121

lend support to his theory, that ready been cited as examples. It is TJ7HAT are the consequences ofthese seeming spontaneous producof course true that one may con- "denying the validity of final

tions are in reality merely the result sciously set about to write a poem and vital causes? These conseof brain combustions or other physor to compose music. This, howquences are manifest in mechanistic

ical forces hidden from ordinary ever, is no assurance that the materialism with all that this imprede-observation but always available to product will be superior to that plies—absolute mechanical

the mechanist as a means of exwhich comes to genius spontanetermination of everything that is or planation. The answer to this, in ously, if not irresistibly. This ever will be, making life, mind,

the first place, is that this is an manner of conceiving certain types and science itself mere passing byunproved assumption on the part of creative activity is at least akin products of the blind and inexorof the mechanist; and, in the secto Henri Bergson's "elan vital"able forces of nature, from

ond place, that it requires a much (vital impetus) and to Frederick nebulous mass through nature as greater stretch of imagination to Paulson's conception of World we know it to a final dissipation of believe this than it does to accept Soul, thought of as primarily volienergy, at least, so far as the solar the explanation that is more in tional and ever striving toward system is concerned, resulting in accord with experience; that is, new forms of expression. extinction and final disappearance

that persons are themselves as of all that we know and value. If

unitary beings, active causes, and, In this connection Bergson says: these are, indeed, the cold facts the

as such, giving direction to their "Matter is necessity, consciousness is philosopher will not seek to escape own creative functions. Is physfreedom; but though diametrically opposed them. Most philosophers are not,

ical energy consumed in doing so? to one another, life has found the way of however, convinced that the world

Again an affirmative reply does reconciling them. This is precisely what is thus constituted; this is also true

itself inserting within profit. it to its Life of many of the most eminent sciennot mean that the direction of the lifenecessity,is,—freedomturning

activity or its outcome is wholly would be an impossibility were the detists from Sir Isaac Newton to determined by the physical energy terminism of matter so absolute as to admit Robert A. Millikan. Furthermore,

consumed. It is evidently not so no relaxation."* some very eminent natural scientists

in the expenditure of physical are of the opinion that there are in even in evidencesenergy of purpose a manmade varieties three of causamany machine, HHHESE

J. Lawrence the inorganic necessary world.however the expenditure * tion are in explanation noted

of such energy may be in running of the facts of experience in the Henderson, Professor of Biological the machine. very complex world of which man Chemistry in Harvard University

Fitness Environthe in of his "The conseare the a part. What therefore, be is may, of Order Naand ment""Then in recogquences, thinking, of our as occurring under AUSATIONconceived calls the attention ture,"to many this in nition variety of causation?three general forms: world the inorganic in provisions It enables to to us understand and

animal plant and that have made reappreciate the the methods and causation, mechanicof i. e.,a—Efficient life abundance the possible; all sciences, sults as of well human ally conceived taken into and acid carbonic; oxygen, water, and as physical the appreciaof world in account science all physical solvent latent heat gas, and the tion, as in experienced the various the practical and applications

of science in industry. In the forms of art; and also the world of properties of water, and the recauses cold fact that passes markable which under the latter case it should noted, values be

of its point at the It ethics water to expand names of and religion. that however, ends or purposes

are injected into the processes makes conceivable and reasonable solidification, contrary to the genmakes eral rule of nature. This most fundamental notions conof industry and commerce by our rivers of continuance the cerning repossible life and human human the ingenuity of man.

the in winter and their channels in obligation, moral lations—moral

waters. these of life in preservation social freedom, and personal andb—Final causation, conceived as

ends consciously set up to be responsibility. Upon these, subIt is easy to imagine what would

realized, which ends determine ject to such limitations as experihappen should ice sink as formed.

the course of development or ence reveals, the social structure of These illustrations are evidences in of action. These are operative civilization rests. These concepsupport of the thought that purin more or less degree in the tions are foundational in governpose may have been an important

more distinctly human sciences, ment and law, in business and factor in preparing the earth to

the church. efficient Mistakes have somediscredits that the third view variety which we mayc—Ae. g., ethics, civics, economics. commerce, in the family, and in support life. This, in no sense, times because of failure call, been made for a better operative. causes also want of name, were two The

vital causation, is illustrated to recognize the limitations under points of view supplement each very extensively at least in the which some people live. This other, as do ends and means genhigher forms of life, and probfact, however, should cause no one erally. In developed human life

ably in all living things. In to overlook the further fact that it seems evident that under some

individual and social much more this case that it seems probable circumstances all three forms of results failure from inadequate determines the end the activity, even though that end is not recognition of moral obligation, causation are operative at the same consciously set up. moral freedom, and personal and time, which fact well illustrates the

social responsibility. complexity and the multiple aspects

TN human life the activities of the of reality. In this connection it

poet and the musical composer, *MindEnergy, Lectures and Essays, should also be noted that there are under certain conditions, have alpp. 1718, Henry Holt Co., New York. also processes of decay, but that

183921

122 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

decay is often an important factor (using this figure of speech with in reconstruction. reference to the world conceived as Leaders to November 14 absolutely one—called by some

monistic to the philosophers, The AbsoSubscriptions Is the question, world to theAS lute).** Improvement Era or as one conceived to be

many, philosophers are divided. % of

There are monists and pluralists, TTiE mental power that man has Stake Quota each class rigorously contending developed, enabling him to Teton 242 against the opposite point of view. transform and to utilize the physUnion 24

What do the facts of experience ical world for his own purposes Taylo r 1 9 seem to indicate? lends further support to the F remont 190

The results of scientific inquiry thought that he has at least some Gunnison 1 85 thus far indicate that every part measure of independence of the Moapa 1 5 of the material universe is related world as a whole; that his course Ma ricopa 149

in some way to every other part. of development is not rigidly preShelley 1 4 3

This conclusion is well illustrated determined either by the socalled Hyrum r 1 42 in the law of gravitation. This forces of nature or by the world as Poca tello 1 4

law, as thus far understood, leads a whole. There is, of course, no Yellowstone 136

to the conclusion that no part of thought here of asserting the absoCache 1 3 5 the physical universe is absolutely lute independence of the individual, Snowflake 131 independent of the whole. Whether of denying the limitations his own Montpelier 13 1

or not these parts have some denature puts upon his activities and Cassia 13 1 is also Franklin 1 3gree of independence will depend in his future possibilities. He

large measure upon whether or not limited by the activities and the Curlew 130 they are conceived as having any interests of his fellow individuals. Parowan 129

is, Raft River nature 127 both and That human selfactivity, or whetherdegree of Lethbridge 126 set society limitations inover the conceived methey are as wholly Palmyra 122 afford so both but also do. the dividual, their action. in Morganchanical In 120 h

latter case they are thought of as him his opportunities. Looked at Sevier 1 1

the his develof standpoint Wasatch from 119 theabsolutely dependent upon 1 1 Juab it that is his opportunities opment, in monistic a resultingwhole, 1 18 Logan limibe emphasized. should The inorreference Benson, the to 117theory with

ganic world. Assuming some detations, after all, are often harmless Minidoka 117

his or for good. moral With116 Big Horn own part selfactivitygree the of on North 115 Weber the creative opportunities out

inconstituents individual theof of Roosevelt 115 affords, nature which and without 1 1 Albertaorganic matter, might one however, be led to regard the parts as having the associations of his fellows, his North Davis 113 1 moral and 13 religious development Lymansome degree of independence. Kanab 113 impossible. would be

Malad 1 1

. Alpine 112

fact of experienceTN 1 1 Oneida* wherecase observationof the organicand theworld,most ***A FURTHERrelates to the of evil problem San Juan 111 intimate and certain experience of in the world, and the seeming irOquirrh 110 the individual convinces him of the rational elements that often stand St. Johns 110

reality of final and vital causes, the in the way of developing the raOgdenIdaho Falls 110110 case is different. Here there seems tional. Many monists are inMillard. 1 8

to be little reason to doubt the fact clined to set aside these facts as Lehi 1 8 that, in the higher forms of life, illusions, from the standpoint of a Twin Falls 108 at least, there is some measure of fully reasoned philosopy, mere BearSouthLakeDavis 107106 independence on the part of indiappearances; or they regard evil as Timpanogos 106

viduals. This does not mean that good in process of becoming and No. Sanpete 106

any individual can live and develop the irrational as the rational in the St. Joseph 106

out of relation to the rest of the making. The pluralists, however, PortneufSt. George 110505

world. Relations among individgenerally take a much more realistic Box Elder 105

uals and between them and the view of the world. John Stuart Blackfoot 1 04

physical world are as real as are the Mill and William James, for inBurley 103 individuals themselves, but these stance, accept the fact of evil in the JuarezIdaho 11033 relations are variable, and, in case world and of irrational as well as Kolob 1 2 of the more highly developed inrational elements. They accept the So. Sevier 102

dividuals, relationships may be in challenge these offer and regard it Rigby 1 1 some degree a matter of choice. as the moral duty of individuals EastMt. JordanOgden 100100

Thus an individual may vary his and of society to join forces in a Bannock 1 relationships in such a way as to real battle for the supremacy of Pioneer 1 make a very great difference in his the good and the rationalization Tooele 100 own future development, or lack of the world. SummitPanguitch 1001 00

of development. This fact gives Does not this seem to be the Young 100

him some degree of independence; saner, the more wholesome, and Emery 1 00

that is, from this point of view he the more invigorating point of Garfield 100 is not merely a cog in the machine view?

to View The First White Man the Great Salt Lake is the fifth of a secies of frontier narratives writtenBy CARTER E. GRANT [Note—This by Carter E. Grant, who majored in Western History while at college and

It gives Principal additional of us Seminary. the Jordan now

experiences the our last story we read that ising of the. into "TrailBreakers"Great Basin beforeINJim Bridger became an orphan pioneer days. The former articles were, "In the Death Gripthrillof a

at fourteen, then a blacksmith Grizzly;""On the Trail Ahead of the Mormons;""When Jed metuntil eighteen; how he enlisted the Comanches;"and "Jim Bridger Encounters the Red Men."—

with a hundred men under Major Editors. ]

Henry and General William Ashley and proceeded up the Missouri, scalps as several of our men had dragging loaded boats by "cordelle already done. The thing which

line;"how their horses were lost stirred us most was the realization

while on the long journey into that the powder and balls woundMontana, where, in 1822, was esing or killing our men and horses, tablished the farthest outpost of was ammunition we had laboriousAmerican life. Then we read of ly lugged all the way from St.

Ashley's return to St. Louis where Louis, letting the Indians have it

he enlisted a second hundred men but the day before in exchange for who were disastrously defeated by the very animals they were now the Ree Indians, and of how Jed plunking almost to a finish.

Smith the "Christian Trapper,""After the whole thing was over accompanied by one rough Frenchand we had gathered up our

Canadian, Baptiste, perilously wounded and dead, I stood on the made his way through the enemy's bank of the stream watching the country, seeking help at Henry's burial. When John Gardner's time

Post on the Yellowstone, some two came, a young fellow I had promhundred miles away. We also ised to help care for, I thought of

learned how Jed and Jim were his mother's last words to me, and soon mountain friends on their stepped out with my Bible, saying, way with eighty reckless trappers, 'I feel it a duty to read a verse and hurrying down the Missouri to make a prayer. I want to report

Ashley's assistance. that he was buried in peace.'As

I began reading, every hat came off, uO here they go, speedevenshowingHughtheirGlassrespectand bytheuncovergeneral ing with the current of the turbuing.lent river, then at its height! The

restless group had little to do but the story of his eventful two hunthe ride mile dred Cheyenne from telleat, sleep, yarns, sing and and darkwhen the to the WiELL, through Yellowstone faultlessly.all did these Far they ness closed battle the on bloody savages'country; the heart of very rising distance,in the the smoke Baptiste ground, to I agreed and closer together, the eager drew men lodges groups various spoke offrom a ride horses that couple of had excepted, that Bridger not no word the Blackof theof whereabouts bullets escaped Rees, the the of and lost. be should feet, the Snakes, Sioux; Crows, search folks the out Yelyou on

Rees, and Mandans. Little did this lowstone. As we were leaving,

white crew realize that crouched 1 O begin with,"the Ashley gripped my hand anxiousabout these fires the red men, sour narration went on, "our men unly, 'Fifty miles a night for four and sullen, in feverish powwows der Ashley were defeated a plenty! nights over a dangerous country is

counseled war, while near at hand I never want to see a worse riot. no pleasure trip, I know, but it's

in the medicine lodges, praying Some of those hired fellows at our only hope. Sunday night next,

priests foretold the annihilation of the first attack ran for the boats we'll be scanning the river for your the trespassing palefaces. like frightened partridges, but not boats. Once you start back, the

As the darkness of the first night swiftly enough to escape the humMissouri will do the rest!'

made deep shadows of the shore ming bullets of the Rees. I saw

line, the boats seemed to spring several fall headlong and make forward, fairly doubling their no further movement. Those of AtS we rode away,

velocity, wheeling around bends, us on the front line got some real some of the men bid us farewell shooting beneath dangerous bluffs, fighting. Every time we pulled as if they never expected to see us

then gliding past opening hills and down on 'em there was a killing, again. 'As our tough Indian ponies

rolling plains. Jed prepared to tell still we had to do it or lose our jogged out of the thicket near the

124 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

general's camp, we soon got our and was settling behind a western bearings and proceeded quietly into bluff when suddenly, startled by C,BARTER E. GRANT is a son

the wilderness, always on the lookthe shrill neighing of our horses, of the late Joseph H. Grant, presiout for enemy campfires. Hour we scrambled to our feet, grasping dent of the Davis stake, and Eva

should example His Grant. bluff a Several a half mile Etdredgeafter times passed. hour our rifles. From

thirst to inspiration all who be an startled faint left, a some whinnying by wild back on ourwe were their feel that but foe knowledge animal, seemingly as frightened as answer reached us. 'Thy've seed us!'opportunity for schooling has

we were. Because of our anxiety, the Frenchman stuttered. 'Lucky passed. He finished his high school

the time seemed to drag; the dipper, thing horses still got saddles on/ work and by diligent study and

our only timepiece, appeared stuck We could see the Indians hesitate a collegepainful aftereconomyhe had graduatedten children.fromHe

in the starry heavens, refusing to moment as if uncertain what to do. is now working for his Master's derevolve as usual about the pole. Then they separated, part dashing gree, his thesis for which will be

Then things changed, for when toward us down the ravine, while on the Great Basin and pioneer life.

is principal of Grant nowdrowsiness pulled hard at our eyes the others scurried over the rim of Brother

Seminary. S. L. D. the Jordanand nodding became the fashion, the ridge for the open prairie, de-

I noticed the pointers fairly jumptermined to intercept us and get ing on their course. Wherever the our scalps if we attempted to go leaned uplifted one hand with it, and the allowedbrush Frenchman hair our I can tell you way. that whisthe sniffing air and forward knee, to I rode kneeand bumping escape for a bit. Chances bristled de Dieu!'misgivingly, pered 'Nom off went, warded which as we slim. pretty seemed Rees, maybe! It iss What smoke! last, sleeping. suresound At

enough, the night gloom was fadwe do now?'

I believe ing. a change! What whiff a of the smoul- "Catching horses, sensing OUR it so noticed never I I have dismounting, and dering wood and jumped lunged much the danger,

before. By the time it was fully before we were mounted, and, as ordered Baptiste to put his hands

light, not daring to proceed farther, they were fully rested, we just let on the horse's nostrils, preventing we turned aside into the edge of a 'em out, holding in only when their giving us away, and I crawled patch of timber, picketed our thick trees and brush made swift cautiously forward through a horses, and after a scant breakfast going impossible. We knew we cherry thicket, moving only a few

threw ourselves on the grass and a had the advantage, for the savages, feet at a time until I was peering moment later, were snoring in great more than likely, had been traveling through a willowy screen near a style. The long ride, following all day and their ponies would soon dying fire. The glowing embers

the tense experiences of the battle, fag. After several miles of hard gave me a shadowy view of the

so fatigued us that we slept riding, we began to feel safer. As camp, not two rods away. At

through the daylight hours as if darkness closed about us, we were first glance there seemed to be only reachthey After were moments. Ree, a one through the river confronted by man—unmistakably ing safety, one looks back upon a heap crosslegged before crouched to compelled swim which we were

such experiences and wonders that our horses, wetting ourselves in fine of red embers. He was evidently

the dangers which lurked on every style. Thus we proceeded until very weary, for his chin rested

side could be viewed so calmly. about midnight, when suddenly heavily upon his breast. When my

'The sun had swung over us the Frenchman checked his horse breathing got a little easier, I raised to my knees and saw the man was not alone. Two other

.;Q0gXi0 guard,warriors,sprawledlikely asuponsleepytheas grasstheir

with their feet to the fire, their bodies looming in the shadows.

Three black hulks—horses by

visible in blowing—werethe sound of thebarelynipping and

the deep gloom of the cottonwoods, and, other than this, no life seemed evident.

J\S I surveyed them, my mind was made up. I felt

sure they belongd to the tribe that had treacherously dealt death to our men only two days before. The village, possibly,

was short of meat, and I figured these fellows and the men chasing us were a part of a scouting party looking for buffalo and Green River, the Home of the first Trapping Rendezvous of the Rocky that by morning they would

Mountains. It was west of here that Bridger fell upon the Bear River, running unite and be on our trail. With

northwest, as he supposed to the Columbia. jaded horses, we could hardly

hope to escape.

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 125

"When I had crawled back to cited at participating in a killing, enemy, and then as we hurried off the waiting Frenchman, we agreed apparently coldblooded but nece:>- through the darkness, our tired anithat there was but one way out. sary for the preservation of our mals, not to be left alone, came

Besides, we needed fresh horses, own lives. Back I came, urging our floundering through the brush in

our rear, but our fresh steeds soon outdistanced them. Now, fellows,

you can imagine the outburst of wild cries and excited jabber of those twentyfive disappointd warriors chasing us, when following our tracks they reached their companions'campfire."

NEIHARDT in continumg the narrative and quoting from 'The AshleySmith Exploration"by Dale, says when the mountaineers united at the mouth of the Cheyenne river, that the glare of the embers around which they sat shone upon the features of some men soon to be the most outstanding "trailbreakers"of

America. We look back upon

torches searching the trails and ilModern traffic near the site where Jim Bridger first set his eyes upon the luminating the dark, mysterious

Great Salt Lake. spaces beyond the heretofore impenetrable Rockies; and we see

their bones scattered from the mouth of the Cheyenne to th0 and these skulking thieves owed us fagged animals into the clearing by mouth of the Colorado and the many. 'We trade, no steal 'em!'the fire. And then I saw savagery! fardistant Columbia. Not a few

laughed Baptiste, and then, gloatThe Frenchman was wiping three found permanent rest by the "Great ing over the prospect of revenge, he dripping scalps upon the grass. Inland Sea."In fact the trails of

I 'It's 'Heavens', shouted, eh!'I bad too, 'Scalps,whispered, westthese the whole men opened this forced to kill, to be but enough darkness, in thelooked at him States, inportion ern of United is heathenish!'his meaning. understandinghardly

cluding Nebraska, the Dakotas,

Montana, Wyoming, Idaho, Colo-

E secured our horses B.>APTISTE, whose rado, Utah, Nevada, Arizona, W later, with rifles experience from aand a moment

cocked, we were returning stealthchild among the wild ily through the blackness. By tribes had fully develcrawling on all fours we made sure oped the savagery latthat no cracking stick or other ent in most men, turnnoise should betray us. Upon ed to me: 'By and by

peering through the brush again, I you mountain man,saw the camp just as I had left it, too; then—Wagh!'

only the fire glowed a bit fresher and he finished with from the little breeze springing up. a sweep of his reeking

'Ready,'I whispered, and at knife about his left the roar of my gun, the man who wrist, indicating.the

had been sitting, leaped forward conqueror's right of with a wild yell, staggered, and fell 'lifting hair'. With

across the burning embers. Simul- a chuckle of satisfaction, the tucked he sleepers scramthetaneously two

It this that around Bridger bend and Jim was hideous souvenirs feet, unto their in bewildermentbled his Valley turned Gentile southward through men his belt der rifle, and wiped Baptiste's at of the soundand Valley) Valley in into the (Cache sumWillow one went down. The other seized his hands on his mer of 1824, a few months before the Great

his gun, but with a warhoop from buckskin trousers."Inland Sea was discovered.

the Frenchman we bounded from Turning to Brid- I cover, our pistols popping in the ger, Jed exclaimed, darkness. "Jim, if I stay in the mountains a Washington, Oregon and Califor-

"'Examine the horses, quickly, life time I can never, never indulge nia. The famous Jedediah S. Smith

Baptiste,'I demanded as the brief in such barbarism! became the first white man making:

affair ended, 'and choose the two "It took but a moment,"conhis way overland to California, best. I'll fetch ours!'and I was tinued Smith, "to shift our saddles through Utah and Nevada, up the

off stumbling through trees, exto the better horses of our fallen (Continued on page 172) a

of Life The Dance By HAVELOCK ELLIS

(Reviewed by Elsie Talma&e Brandley)

is nathe gifts has when He knowledge. are made—it

to thing beautiful the tural and measureof mystery the learnedINsentedthis bookideasMr.whichEllisnothas onlyprescientific one others is way share. Helping has he mathematics; of ment and

have caught the public formulated laws and commandof helping one's self, for it conthought, but held it. The first ments. tributes to the common weal.

edition, printed in 1923, has been Their habits governing the matter consecutive eighteen be well eating mightfollowed of and food by people art? Many Life an TS year, this last very the nations andimpressions, other emulated 1 by only to do art has that think introbetween slowly, book, eat and people.1929. The They beings eccentric of a group with contains conclusion, dainties noticing refrain any andduction from things incomprehensible do who of Dancing, of the reach; their no Art andchapters of placed out on of conception its name. The in Religion of presence Writing, of one of in eats the ever oneThinking, narrowed so been has us art among is most that is always eating Morals. of Much not Oneand who us to it seems that debased and is set forth valuable porhis small shares, andstimulating however own or erratic, or unintelligible either - of purposes for a accepts subject, but always tion, each one andon interesting. As to be unfamiliar too secthe reluctonly emphasis with and slowlybrevity and though of phase every fact, of a matter the together with is offered. ance, Dancing,tion on what accordinartistic, artistic or

.. life: ishere given will beintroduction and liy f h merely life calls a dance—not He g| it. is these people underlying A among intention '"THEFT

literal a as speech, but figure ofas a the death, on rare, punishable M by and is the dance the forcomparison, Calarticle the east of taking Islands, when an but New Loyalty measrhythm,rule and of number the lives is theft. their is in not looking Lytypify owner edonia, incontrolling the order, ure and art. is is true seri- a deceive to intent ing which with beauty natural subordinathe fluence of and form qualities, lie offense, a moral harmless ous though high Possessing so the to parts tion of fear whole—and laughterloving is a excusable. have withal are no They they these of spirit classic is life. The can of love a joyous. strong death, of They and people, and

life, but only not permeatesthings is without days, of a for cleanliness. term age hard very "Old work life, itself; only so not universe the is it after is then, to respect, pleased be, if everyone rest, and need and of scheme universal the wholebut recuperate. is, sleep for to older he considered than be relax and over,

things is a dance. Every one of them learns music, it is honorable."One always exconsider at they presses hearing song; good thanks and dancing

difficult, Mr. been always hasTT life, of it a part afas grace does even news, not though and rhythm that realize to for ** Ellis says, man all in cultivate fect beauty personally. news Good him they and his in art, is life though even an is gift, rejoice relationships. is a to able for social he their

actions he proclaims it artistic. In with another. According to one

the of creation the beginning the are they them, has observed who is living people, Suthe of the work world was TO for their honesty, conspicuous with concerned 1 inevitablya primitive of the Artist; in book preme moraltruthfulness, humor, good goes eating; no one and here the whole that read Genesis we

cosmos was fashioned in a measur hungry if his neighbor has food, it* kindness and poHteness—

able period of time, by the art of so no great demonstration is made fine, intelligent people. 1 heir lives

artistic are because they one Jehovah, who pro beauty. are filled with methodically ceeded by [

it the first in preacher. is a artist forming not the sermon, is and a not jLJlRT

arc building and "Dancing refines. beautiful indirection. The by accomplishes gradually Art and rough, essential and the primary two The conduct. in perfect the suggests art in perfect The details, the in working stands art dancing arts. of The of lesson the intention, teaches, without in music harmony

arts all deliof the source at the finest most and the moral has his song no in life. bird in The proportion

first in themselves express that is The humanizing. influence sculptor a the as yet last, just purpose, and cate

art person. the The human symand appreciation acts through in nature beautiful statue. a fashion might is architecture, building, or of it humiliate. does neither browbeat, not It does pathy.- artists all arts times of the primitive beginning the In to you. regard is without beautiful It

; and lie the person outside that have craftsmen who perand their if red in and unbearable be Roses would unite. Music, in they the end bad eat bears for effect that things the to beautiful mottoes were hearts made fumed the in proceed poetry, acting,

policy. is best the that honesty and reboys been have sculpture, world the stream; mighty one

the proprieties, the in which atmosphere creates an Art all design, arts of the painting, revwith almost garded rain grow. unconsciously The virtues the amenities, and is priother. There no the in then, howSince erence. rules does not make light seed. the lecture The does not arts, these art outside two mary

the is softened heart by flower. some lost The vine the has and ever, for is earlier man far origin their for of this conception of art pathos of the perfect.—Robert G. Ingersolt. than man himself; and dancing

with the increase of his came first. * * * If we are

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 127

indifferent to the art of dancing, we have and thence into France. Here it

failed to understand, merely not the L HERE are two ways of being became very popular, and kings life, supreme manifestation physical of but also the supreme symbol of spiritual happy: We may either diminish and queens participated. Other life."our wants or augment our means—countries adopted the idea, with

is either the result will do—the racial changes, the in and 18th

it is each same; for and man appeal of '"FHE is simply dancing degree perfection to century of a high decide that himself, for and dp

that it has significance the of later reached, a century was which easiest. to be the which happens

the great rhythm of the universe. If you are idle or sick or poor, had declined. It became almost

It is a primitive expression of rehowever hard it may be to diminish unrespectable to admire dancing or ligion and love, of war, of labor, of your wants, it will be harder to dancers, a condition which was are If means. your youpleasure, of education, and the remedied of appearance by the some activeaugment prosperous or and young regard it, of morals. primitive To ballet, raised or Russian dancwhich health, easier in good be it may

people, religion is not possible for you to augment your means ing to heights never perhaps preapart from life; and dancing is an than to diminish your wants. viously surpassed as an expressive

operation which, because it imparts But if you are wise, you will form of living art.

time, at the both do same youngstrength achieves and harmony, old, sick rich Classic or poor, or well; or romantic and dancing

itself importance; the thus dance if are will wise very and you you recently have been the renewed, of religiouswas importance. For in such as both to augdo a way first Isadora by Duncan who all the sogeneral happiness of ment solemn and occasions—bridals free brought the back naturalism ciety.—Franklin.funerals, seedtime harvest, and war of the dance, St. Greek and Ruth peace, there fitting dances.and were Denis, has to reendeavored who for rain, the or prayToday we

vitalize secrets the of old Indianrestoration of health, to our friends perously interwoven. In Spain, traditions. and Egyptian

just as forefathers our ago long haps, athas this type of dance for these blessings.danced its tained noblest and as never an art can most harmo- p\ANCING beautiful niously expression.

redecline die out, but and may dancingTIJOR centuries was common in some Christian rituals. From the vital function of dancvive. As a social custom it is being

In English cathedrals it went on ing in love, and its sacred function renewed constantly in the souls of until the 14th century; in France, in religion, to dancing as an art, a the people; as a social custom it is

until the 1 7th, and in Spain, where profession and an amusement, may a form of social discipline, and so dancing is a deep and tremendous seem at first glance, a sudden leap. ties up with not only love and reimpulse, religious dances flourished It has been, however, a gradual ligion and art, but with morals as

longest. transition. Courtship after 'all, well.

is a art, of form exdancing and All activity, human naunder history, dancing Throughout presses it. the rebeauty of In tural is conditions, a sort of dance essentialhas an been fundaand ligion like dancing, the ministry, it is in that essentially rhythmic, part, religion,mental of not only a profession. became In Hawaii, efforts it and toward harbe must as this love ofbut conwell. In the a religious rehula was dance monized. singing and The dancing isnection, the relationship more quiring special education arduand sailors of as hoist they topsail yards inprimitive for than man, among training, it ous because of which and the work pumps; of the swingsects is birds, often dancing and danced was paid performers. by In blacksmith's his anvil; hammer onassociated courtship, the male with India are sacred girls, dancing the musical cadence of engines to attractdancing female, the and religious professional. and They grinding rails; over all and workthe a female in joining of dance dance in ceremonials, church and connected musical with instruments intelliconsent. least the of Some also in the of rich people homes is a of kind dance. shows Work creaturesgent at of developed have to enough for them. pay the necessity of harmoniousthis a grace entime beauty and

chanting to even human eyes. The rhythmic cooperation which the

dance of love is an effort to display TN our modern world, dancing is dance develops, and which imparts all the force and energy, the skill associated with neither religion a beneficent impetus to all activiand endurance, the beauty and nor love; and on the western hemties. Participants in a dance exgrace which are yearning to be isphere it is difficult to trace it hibit a wonderful unison; they are

poured into the stream of life. back to either source. In Europe fused into a single being, stirred

there are two trends to be discerned by a single impulse. The dance

has to done socialize in part much man. body of the the development of the human art, one

it In a large sense possesses classical,P VERYhas been peculiar brought into play origin, of Egyptian the by the dance, with rhythm and measother romantic, of Italian origin. value as a method of national eduure. In Northern Europe, dancWithout question Egypt has been, cation.

ing is an activity of the legs, a for thousands of years, a great twinkling of feet. In Japan and dancing center, called by one "the AN ancient Chinese maxim says,

Java and Madagascar it is somemother country of all civilized "One may judge of a king by times exclusively with arms and dancing."Egyptian dancing was the state of dancing during his

hands, and in some South Sea and is, simple, personal, passionreign."And Plato declared, "AIslands, of hands and fingers alone. ate—classic. The real beginning good education consists in knowing

In other localities it may be a of the ballet was in Italy, the home how to sing and dance well."G.swaying of the head alone, and in of romantic dancing—expressive, Stanley Hall says that the revival

others still, of the trunk, the entire dramatic, picturesque. The fashof dancing is imperatively needed

body. The complete dance is the ion of the ballet soon spread to give poise to the nerves, schoolone in which these are harmonithroughout all the Italian courts, (Continued on page 171)

'fleart'-Horto earns 'Basketball

HAPR MERRILL

"Heart"Horton, licking's for, or it eyes, but he rather took the coach'ssubstituteGEORGEcenter of the Gunnell won't do me any calmness for fear. Why shouldn't

University basketball squad, good."the coach fear? Crowley was fully

paused with his hand on the knob The player stuck five inches shorter and was not of Coach John Crowley's office out his jaw as he rewhat one would call a particularly door. He merely wanted a moplied, "It's for being robust looking man.

ment in which to screw up his the most unfair, the The coach removed his glasses* courage before entering the place most discriminating and laid them on his desk.

where he intended to give the coach crook in basketball!""Listen, big boy,"he remon-

a thrashing. Heart carried his Heart exploded. "I strated. "You don't want to fight

basketball suit under his arm, for came up here from your teacher, do you? You'd be

he had quit the squad. Windsor high school sorry of that the rest of your life."

He swung the door open and an allstate center "Would I?"Heart sneered..

walked in. Coach Crowley, a comsix feet three in my 'You watch me. I've been lookpact, wellbuilt man of medium stocking feet—and ing forward to this meeting a week

size and thinning hair, sat at his get set on the bench now. If you won't fight, I'll just

desk where he had been working for my pains so you turn you over my knee and spank over a list of names for the squad. can play that little pet you and let it go at that."He glanced up through his glasses of yours—Buddy Heart was not excited now,

at the young giant who entered, Kinkaid! Now I merely determined. He had planhis steelgray eyes two interrogadon't stand for that a tall!"ned this meeting carefully and hi&

tion points. own pride and words he had let-

"Well?"he said after a moment. fall to some of the fellows prespread out

little to it harder a shifting his posivented H EART found Heart him from his in big hand a contemptuous anticipated, started tion regardingget matter. he the than had

left gesture. hesitancy had His gray presence those calm ofin the

eyes that seemed to bore through him. He was now a fighter, a calm

one. took his coat off and He matters,, 1 O precipitate to the door he had locked behim

it a hook. on hung he seized the watchful coach by thehind him.

"I've quit the basketball squad,"The coach, old in the ways of collar and jerked him forward andHeart finally managed to say. young men—boys—looked on at the same moment released a short

The sound of his own voice calmly, sadly. right to the face.

gave him courage. "When men play on my teams, It never landed. Things began

happen with unusual suddenplay they to flung they the old suit."my style "There's He of ball—or

ness. He'Heart wasn't sure what. don't firmly. play!"he saidit a chair. into contemptuously

"I'm leavin'school.""They crawl around you, you found himself lying full length onmean! Look at Buddy Kinkaid! the floor with a peculiar sensation

in ball in center twice this whole He sat up dazedly. Coach CrowTHE coach sat back Poor little shrimp hasn't got the along his jaws and under his earshis chair and looked quizzically year! Yet, he's out there, every ley stood calmly at his desk.

over his glasses. darned game, and I'm eatin'my Then Horton remembered. He

"But before I leave, I'm goin'to heart out on the bench. It won't leaped to his feet. Now he was

give you a lickin',"the boy congo, I tell you! I'm goin'to give angry. He saw red. He had been

tinued. "I've had to take everyyou a floggin'so you won't treat floored, that was what had hapthing from you; now I'm goin'to the next fella that comes along pened to him!

the way you've treated me and kid, on, hold "Hold through!"then—I'm armslong all getbefore ITH mixed you up."—up in front of the He squared

the coach. flailing, he Wrushed Again his rose to coachThe on,feet.—"Nowold coach.

calm down a little and tell me all "Take your glasses off. I don't something happened, but this time

he everything. remembered it."about A mule blind want to

eyes had between the kicked him "Nothin'where you,—permanently.I come from they to tell,"the youngster Down

answered surlily. 'You're not fight square."some way and he had thudded to

goin'to talk me out of any of the the floor with a jar that shook his ancestors.things I said—nary a one."The coach screwed up his eyes. 1 HE boy might have But Heart was not a quitter. He-

"But I ought to know what the been warned by those cool gray merely guessed that the coach must.

The Improvement Era for December', 1929 129 know something about boxing and "Gosh, I'm glad,"the young were a kingpin of a player—that

that he had better shift his attack. man exclaimed as he bent over the you were much better than the rest

He would fool him this time. sink. "Some fellas rather than of the gang. It takes five men to

He would rush him; get hold of the take it like a man would a grabbed make a basketball team."

little pigmy and wipe up the office a chair or something. I ain't that "But look at poor little Buddy.

with him. Cautiously, watchfully kind."He positively looks pathetic out

he rose to his feet. With a lunge, "I knew you were not that kind, there in the center against some of

his face protected by his outold man,"the coach answered. "A the giant centers in this conference.

stretched arms, he was upon the coach can usually tell."Doc. Bicknell says so, too."

coach. Crowley let the boy seize "Sorry I came in here a tall."

him by the collar.

That was the last George could 1 HE coach faced the remember until he sat up rubbing Cr<LOWLEY patted center.

a lump on his head where he had him on the back. "Getting it in center isn't everystruck the floor. He struggled to "It's always best to get the bitthing. It doesn't mean more than

his feet and leaned against the terness out of the heart before it eight points at the most, and what are eight points? we becomes chronic."How come The coach

Suppose our games? winningwall dizzy, surprised—disappointceased face. are his work on the bruiseded.

"Awfully sorry you decided to you watch that little pathetic that an idea you with Buddy need kind the worst you We went Crowley OACH like basketto learn to play would G quit.for—substitute."his toover put and arm himi the patted coach boy into ball."The big looked boy The down

shoulders. his Heartaround ever shoulder. "If on the steel you did the eyes. gray

calibre resist. small nonot He was learn as well, one can to play no the matter me, "What's with

it decentboy. was when He knew center."keep of out you coach?"asked. he don't "Why allowedto be subdued. He his held out Crowley Coach like for a center?"the you me

to remain.arm hand, do, kid, "I old very but much,

little the kid,""Sorry, old leave."to sorry "Well, you have lot a learn, to you have unand up

It said, sorry.coach "awfully the his jerked til head toward He the present haven't been you

I guess."helped, be couldn'tjust battle. scene of doubly I'm willing to taught. be "And came You doin's,""It's my this."sorry about all all right—all here thinking up you knew

in evenly. repliedHeart "Down replied. leaving,"is Heart not "I'm there to basketball. about know

country weour we me. "That you make at drills; You sneered you my is—unless it."a bettermeet man to learn to play going I'm your knowand—takewhen played ball, of your style not mine;

just kid, better old a man, "Not style basketball, as for and shot positions; you bad from you

if trained bettera you man. W'y his motioned hand with pass; wouldn't you broke up my this"—heof eat training, you'd mehad my the toward had he place where team work."

alive."the floor—"I have an idea hit the "But I can Heart struck hoop,"

first lesson."that is "I guess that's the difference,"responded. my isn't a center "There answered.Heart lips his grin sheepish wreathed this it in conference A can do who difference. that's "Yes, the You as coach's the he took and hand better, get tipoff or the over me."

see bigger, longer arms, you're it he and down. pumped up Then go."coach "There you The I've as justyounger, coat, his his picked put on up havequick—but grinned. "You've thought you fooling aroundbeen gymnasiums clossuit basketball out and went

for more years than you've lived, ing the door softly behind him.

lots more. W'y I've been teaching

boxing and wrestling for half that long a time."FROM that day on

Heart Horton was a new player.

his best did to forget all he had He 1 HOPE you—don't ever basketball learned and about a quitter,"the youththink I'm

said in a low tone, half fearful that set himself to master the game all he had shown the white feather. over again the way Coach Crowley

"I didn't feel just wanted it played. His experience right—jumpin'on you, any how. Thought it'd in the coach's office had taught him

a littlebe a kind of shame to lick such a to respect little men—that

are properly muscles whoselittle grinned humorman fella"—he is better coordinated than his swellingously as he rubbedeyes—"and then, you are my man whose body has not hada disbig

teacher, after all."cipline.

"Quitter!"the wise old coach Both in practice and in regular

exclaimed. "I should say not! I games he watched Buddy Kinkaid

never expected you to come back with a new interest. To his surfor the second, let alone the third. prise he discovered that the little

A professional boxer would have center, after all, was a truly great stayed down for the count on that "The ball was tossed up in basketball man, that he was the first one. Now let's see what we center and the merry game was link that connected the fast moving

can do for that face, before it dison! forward line with a steady guard

colors."wall. He saw, too, that Buddy

130 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

rarely pitched at the basket unless organization, Heart began employhe was in a position that would ing all the dirty little tricks he had guarantee the completion of the learned during a long basketball try or would permit his team mates career in high school in an outlying to recover the ball. He saw, also, district where the officiating had

that Buddy's arms worked with a been none too technical.

precision and accuracy that made Gunnell was gradually drawing the game he played brilliant for its away from the great Hillcrests.

steadiness, not for its spectacular Coach Crowley, in the midst of exhibitions. the rally, made a substitution.

Heart was furious when he sent in a new guard to replace one who

HilEART was eager had been doing great work. After

to push into center. He knew that the first play Heart called time out

some big games were coming up for a conference. Surely the guard

at the close of the season when must have an important message

Gunnell would fight for a confor the team.

ference championship. He wanted "Coach says for you to quit

to play in those games. He knew that fouling,"the substitute anwith his reach and action and acnounced. "Says for you to get

curacy that he would stand a good down to team work again."

show of being made allconference "and calmly caged both pitches. That was all. Young Horton

center, as in high school, he had grinned in derision at the stupidity been made allstate center. of the coach. He had found the

Fortune favored him. In the ball sank through the basket. The kind of game that would whip the

first game Gunnell played with the crowd went wild with joy. Hillcrests. Unused to bodily conHillcrests, champions of the United A moment later, however, the tacts of any kind, they were blowStates, Buddy Kinkaid sprained Hillcrest's, making a brilliant rally, ing up under his style of play.

his ankle. The sprain was not carried the ball down the floor and

serious, but since these were mere flipped one through, once more exhibition games, Coach Crowley taking the lead. Oi'N the first tossup,

would not take the chance of alHeart repeated his slight foul and lowing his star center to continue. took the ball. A moment later

tired his now, take sent in to Heart was BIT the ball of bounds, out went when

It looked tossup wasplace. overjoyed. Anext Heart at the was He surthe a substitution. whistle for blew

as if he would have the best opprised to have his opponent take Heart glanced over to the scorers a it again did ever the tipoff. to showportunity had he had He to see time. in this coming was who got ball the later do. could he whenthe fans what moment It eyes. his believe could not He to jump. tied the had and two up Johnson, second substiRed last was desperate. Heart The was center. tute

trainvestige Crowley's TiHE second half had of Coach been under way four minutes when ing dropped away. "Horton out!"the scorer

Horton took Kinkaid's place. The Upon the next tossup he shouted.

score stood 27 to 24 in favor of brought into play an old trick he Heart staggered as he left the the champions. had mastered in high school. His floor, head hanging. The crowd

The ball was tossed up in center elbow "accidently"contacted with yowled and booed the coach. They

and the merry battle was on once his opponent holding him ever so were all certain that Heart was more. At first Heart had little slightly, but sufficiently for Heart winning the game, for the score

difficulty in out jumping his opto get the tipoff. This time he was now 37 to 33 in Gunnell's

ponent. His recent training was touched it with his long fingers, favor.

revealed in the smooth manner in then seizing it in his hands he Heart took his seat in moody which he fitted into the work of tossed it over his shoulder in a high and angry silence. He knew that

his team. Gunnell made two arch. The ball sank through the he had played brilliantly and that

baskets setting the score at 28 to basket without touching the hoop. he was certainly leading Gunnell to

27 in their favor. The crowd went mad. Everysure victory. The coach did not

Then the champions strengthbody, including Heart, knew that give him a glance as he took his ened. The Hillcrest's broke Coach Crowley had made a gross seat.

through Gunnell's defense and sank error in judgment keeping that three balls through the hoop in young giant out of the contest asmuch less than that many minutes. long as he did. WiITH but three minHeart was frantic. His recent utes to go, the great Hillcrests now

weeks of training dropped away relieved from the nagging they had and he was once more the lone A<.GAIN as the ball was undergone and playing against a

player, fighting, running, pivoting, tossed up in center, Heart fouled team with two substitutes, worked dribbling, shooting for the basket his opponent, not seriously but like lightning. Ball after ball

from the center of the floor or enough to give him the ball. Findzigzagged up the floor and rolled

from the side lines whenever he got ing the officials either lax or igover into the hoop. Coach Crowpossession of the sphere. At last norant or willing to favor a home ley substituted freely in a vain athe made a lucky throw and the team against a traveling champion (Continued on page 161)

Main Street, Nauvoo, III., 1922. Oriental Hotel at Left

From the Green Mountains to the Rockies By JOHN D. GILES

Member of the General Board of Y. M. M. I. A.

II trail between the an impressive manner. ItTHEGreen Mountains A Travelogue describing visits to importfollows, of course, that

the or upper from tower places history givin the of the Church and and the Rockies is ant floor excellent gains one an impressions ing gained secured information and marked by many historic in connection therewith. view of the surrounding

shrines. During the jourcountry in every direcney one is constantly retion.

minded of events connected with Wherever the Latterday Saints the restoration, or organization were Hocated for any length of (COMPARED with the templesand development of the Church time, they have left evidences of erected in the West in later of Jesus Christ of Latterday stability, culture and intelligence. years, the edifice at Kirtland is

Saints, and there are still many A visit to Kirtland, Ohio, near modest indeed. But compared with

monuments to the loyalty, faith what is now the great city of structures in that section in the and sacrificing spirit of the early Cleveland and in the heart of a days in which it was built, and members and their leaders. choice agricultural community, emjudged by the best rules and tradiIn the first article of this series, phasizes this truth. tions of architecture, the temple at

the Improvement Era for NovemInvariably those who have had Kirtland is truly a monument of ber makes reference to the historic the responsibility and privilege of more than ordinary distinction to places where the Church had its inselecting sites for our temples have the Prophet Joseph Smith and his ception and passed through its chosen the most appropriate and faithful followers whose zeal and early struggles for existence. This ideal locations possible. The spot sacrifice and skill made it possible,

installment of the travelogue takes selected for the Kirtland temple is the reader to some points of interno exception. As one approaches TJ UILT nearly a hundred years

est that were prominent in the dethe village, for it is nothing more ago, it stands today, well prevelopment of the Church and its than that today, the tower of the served, dignified and impressive, migration westward. temple looms up on the hilltop in and is in regular use. Of unusual

132 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

interest, I feel sure, is the comment pulpits, the substantial foundaare held there. Then thousands

of a recent visitor to the temple. tions, the symmetry of design and assemble from the surrounding

Under the caption, "Unmatched in the skill, precision and accuracy in country for a celebration or "reAmerican Architecture,"the folevery detail are subjects of comunion"lasting several days. We

lowing article was printed early ment among the many visitors who happened into Kirtland during one this year in the Birmingham (Alajourney to this old "Mormon"of these occasions. Tents had been

bama) News: shrine each year in increasing numpitched on the temple grounds and

bers. in adjoining lots, and every home

are tourists people as American 'The capacity. Refreshto was filled temple regularly is used The by the for unique seeking out famous most the lined stands the walks, ment its present owners, the visit, interesting those to "Reorganspots be and

spots in Europe or this country,'said Mrs. ized"church, and tourists are whole scene being strongly sugThomas J. Bissett, of New York, but escorted through the building in gestive of circus day. The meetof 'There formerly is one Birmingham. in the are held temple which a groups guidelecturer under much ings place which, while visited thousands by as house a chapel or meeting is used as tourists the same are shown relatively tourists of annually, yet is unknown to a vast majority of Americans through the Tabernacle and Asand not for temple purposes.

is old the temple Latterthe of and that Hall sembly Square in on Temple is Kirtland County, in Lake at Kirtland, Saints was Ohio, day which City. Salt Lake Other interesting of the shores not far Ohio, from built followers his and Smith by Joseph

in 183336. This temple is unique in places in Kirtland are Hyrum Lake Erie, and certainly every

architecture and impressive in the extreme. Smith's home, the old cemetery Church member who is in the viIts are feet feet dimensions 79 59 by early of the where martyrs many time at cinity of Cleveland any

its stories, walls rising three of and 60 of are buried, including the Church the visit effort to an should make feet, are native covered stone of hewn first Halsey, wife Thankful of Parthe If motoring temple. from plaster within. without with and

"The tower is 120 feet high. But ley P. Pratt, who died at the birth west, one travels eastward from

if the exterior is impressive, the inof her first child, a son who had Cleveland on Highway 30 (the terior is positively delighting. Here the been promised to his parents in a Lincoln Highway) to the town

is of guilloche the purest type Greek and prophecy C. Heber Kimball. by miles. ten about of Willoughby, exquisitely carved, the while most four hotel old buildings, other and The at the turns course south the Here rails are pulpits black of and walhand

the are of the Prophet, from days in and, "Kirtland"stained sign in black nut front, the and marked with the remainder finished in native white still standing. some three miles or so, reaches the

all white. painted pews, white, wood, The Clevetemple. carline from The

inclosures, so that are boxlike when been has Willoughby land to worIKE so many other eastern vilshipers therein are seated only heads the are visible. * * * The structure, caplages, Kirtland has made little abandoned but buses run regping a lofty hilltop, is declared to be progress. Much smaller now than ularly, making it convenient to

unmatched in American architecture."in the days when the Saints were reach Willoughby. From this

there, it is still a quaint, country point, however, it is necessary to

HTHE foregoing does not exaggervillage, moving along in "the even provide a private conveyance, unate. It hardly does justice. tenor of its way,"except at inless one chooses to walk through

The exquisite handwork on the tervals when religious gatherings the beautiful and interesting country along the road once used by the Saints.

TN the early movement toward the

West, two scenes of unusual importance in the history of the Church take their place—Nauvooin the marchandof Carthevents

age. Both are located

in Hancock county, Illinois, Carthage being the county seat. Their

history is inseparable from that of the early Church.

The Carthage of today is a thriving, progressive town of prosperous stores, imposing churches and excellent schools. Nauvoo is tragically rundown, dilapidated in

the older section, and but a shadow of the Carthage Jail, Carthage, Missouri, city of twenty thouas it Appears Today sand and more inhabiThe Improvement Era for December, 1929 133

tants in the days of its prosperity.

Its principal industry, grape growing, is carried on in the yards of the homes of former Church leaders and prominent members.

HPHE center of interest in Carthage, in fact the only point of interest as far as Church history is concerned, is the old jail, of tragic memory, where "the best blood of this generation"was shed in the martyrdom of the Prophet and Patriarch and the wounding of John Taylor, who later became president of the Church.

The main building, its walls, rooms and stairway much the same as they were at the time of the martyrdom, still stands in a well preserved condition. The cells

and other indications of jail atmosphere have all been removed;

and the building, now owned by the Church, is used as a residence and lodging house. When you

visit Carthage, if you so desire, and have the modest price required, you can rent a room for the night and sleep within the walls of this historic building. You may even

sleep in the martyrdom room if you choose, provided, of course, no one else has made reservation Martyrdom Room, Carthage. Handkerchief on Door Marks

ahead of you. The old cell room Bullet Hole

is also used for lodging purposes.

depression in the ground clearly of the plazas of Mexican cities. The

'"THE martyrdom room, of greatmarks its location. The frame business district is made up almost

* est interest, still carries mute section of the building, shown in entirely of stores and other busievidence of the terrible tragedy the accompanying photograph, has ness buildings that face the square enacted within its walls. The been added in comparatively recent on all sides.

the hole thedoor made by shows years, as also the front porch, has visits to of Carthone T my TPON killedbullet Smith, that Hyrum earliest pictures the although show I age, the accident, met, by to firstthe the brother of martyrs a the small lumber same on room present historian of Carthage is cause. storythe latterday The later as the addition. ground The intelli- a pleasant township, andstill big of powtold and Hyrum, still location wall the north shows is gent also business woman, who to great hiserful, strength using jail the bars the of over windows the of newspaper, manager town associates hisprotect and Joseph cell the room. of It the Carthage Republican. seems right his the mob.from With

shoulder against the door, he had (CONTRARY to a belief that that some years ago the importancesuccessfully foiled the attempts of seems to be quite general, the of keeping an accurate history of the mob to enter the room until Prophet and his associates were not occurrences in that section and of a bullet, fired through the door, confined in cells, but were in an securing information of past hisstruck him in the cheek, shattering upper room of the jail which was tory while those who were in a his cheek bone and jaw and causfairly comfortably furnished. Had position to supply many of the

ing his immediate death. they been in the cell room it doubtfacts were still living, was recog-

A short distance from the door, less would have been much more nized and each township in Handoubtless either where Hyrum fell difficult for the mob to reach them cock county appointed a historian to the floor or where John Taylor and carry out their murderous for this purpose. The attitude of

lay, he having been seriously designs. the Carthage official, even after bewounded a moment later, blood From its platting, Carthage ing told very frankly that she was

stains are still visible in the soft might easily have been laid out by talking to a member of the "Utah wood of the floor. the Saints. The streets all run at Church,"as it is referred to in some

The old well against the curb right angles and the blocks are of parts of the East, was friendly and of which the body of Joseph was uniform size as in our Western interested. She seemed as eager to

propped after he had fallen, fa- "Mormon"cities. In the center of secure information from me as I

tally wounded from the second town, with the Hancock county was from her.

story window, while the mob fired courthouse the only building oc- A S historian of the township, she four additional bullets into his cuping it, is the town square, is apparently seeking informabody, has been filled in; but the planned very much after the order tion from all sources. She told of

134 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

Burlington line, branching road follow the section surveys and off at Quincy, 111., also imincreasing the distance over two

portant in early Church miles. As I walked along this

history as the city that beroad, in April of last year, taking friended the Saints in time a full afternoon to cover the twenof trouble. Carthage is on tytwo miles, I contemplated the

the paved highway runcontrast between conditions then ning east from Hamilton, and now. A large part of the

111., on the Mississippi, population had been transferred to

opposite Keokuk, Iowa, Utah, where conditions have the site of the mammoth changed more rapidly than they government dam and have in Illinois, where the people power house. still live on their farms. The

pROM Hamilton, north townsmore thanare a frequentlystore, a postofficenot muchand, along the Mississippi, in these modern days, a garage. At

the "river road"leads to intervals of approximately five "Nauvoo, the beautiful,"miles, along the road, one sees the where "the father of walittle oldfashioned white schoolters"makes a horeshoe house, a small, frame building with bend, creating as ideal and one room, all the grades being beautiful a setting for a taught by one teacher, who from city as can well be imagmy observation is in many cases ined. Another route from not much older than some of the

Carthage to Nauvoo, lies pupils. Our own educational fa-

"cross country,"part of cilities and advantages, out here in

Kirtland Temple the road being that built the West, are so much superior that by the Saints at the time it is no wonder leading educators hearing the story of the martyrdom of their settlement in Hancock compliment us upon our educationfrom several who were eye witcounty. A former county sural system.

nesses. She depicted the conditions veyor explained to me that when

in those troublesome days, as she the "Mormons"came to that secBut the country is beautiful, the had gleaned the facts from others, tion one of the first things they did people are hospitable and altogether as being terrible beyond descripwas to make a road in a "bee line"a visit through this section is very tion. The non- "Mormons"who from Nauvoo to Carthage which much worthwhile.

were not in league with the mobs was then, as now, the county seat.

were as frightened as were the The "road"was made by plowing TF one enters Nauvoo with the "Mormons"who were being atparallel furrows at each side. The * hope of seeing a city of beauty,

tacked from all sides. The lurid and direction was almost exactly southas it has been described in the past,

frightful stories spread by the mob east to northwest, a distance of apwith prosperouslooking homes, were designed, of course, to stir up proximately twenty miles. Since thriving business houses and an

animosity and hatred against the then the country has been farmed air of progressiveness and develSaints in order that their leaders extensively, having being divided opment, that hope soon gives way might be killed and the members along section lines, making the to disappointment and sadness.

driven from the state. The result

was a reign of terror throughout all of Hancock and several of the adjoining counties.

TN the light of developments of nearly a hundred years, a different feeling exists today. Everywhere an attitude of friendship is "LrfBWfcS

encountered and the impression, even though rarely expressed directly, appears to prevail generally that a terrible mistake was made.

Since the old jail came into the possession of our Church it has been carefully preserved and thousands of visitors, "Mormons"and non- "Mormons"register there each year.

Carthage is reached by railroad, most conveniently, from Burling- c ton, Iowa, being on a branch line of the Burlington railroad. It is

also reached from St. Louis and the Site of Nauvoo Temple. as it Looks Today, Not a Stone Marks

south, by a less direct route over the the Spot

DEPARTMENT EDUCATION L. D. S. Institutes and Wky

By DR. JOS. F. MERRILL

Church Commissioner of Education

THEbuildingquestion,as this?""Whyraisessuchthea evening,(AddressOctoberat dedication27, 1929.)of Pocatello L. D. S. Institute, Sunday

still broader one—why maintain of providing a training in secular other similar school where the condoes the S. Church L. D.

beCivil favorable. ditions the Thus, were Govwhere And it semistudies. a calls of systemwhat school at discharge high the to Granite ginning willing was ernment is suitable anaries? perhaps This

first the responsibility, disnear Salt this City where the Lake Church outlinedoccasion which on may be a brief answer to these questions. continued the maintenance of classseminary was established inl912,

es in secular fields of study, as a rule the number of seminaries has steadFrom the beginning of the conveying its school buildings to ily grown until now eightythree

Church very nearly a century ago the public school system at nomipublic schools are being served by the "Mormon"people, particularly nal prices. This statement is true these institutions. And applicatheir leaders, have been greatly both as to elementary and high tions are on file for a dozen new

of the educationconcerned with administrations school the latter were ones. High schools—academies, people. That thetheir young Saint peocalled. as the as well Latterday

glory of God is intelligence has alple are looking upon them with ways been a selfevident verity to TT must be understood, however, more and more favor because of the them. He who would please God T that these people never lost good they are doing.

must therefore grow in a knowltheir interest in the religious trainhis his of of of him,edge and ways their ing youth. Sunday of Their ocall, this is as this not

reofworks. kind This growth "DUT"*-* recognized long been Schools have at testifies. Seminaries casion conditionsquires the study. And if best, as experts the among by good. to are be schools high found especiallyfor study, young by best, in land. the the very not They? colleges the at have not them Why the realized inpeople, best be may as pride the and continue today at* given question This much was auspices theenvironment under and the Church. of admiration whole three years and ago or tention four the the school.of Hence "Morall. is religthis not Weekday But affirmatively finally answered was people been have alwaysmon"is ious needful instruction held to be reauthorities the Church when thefriends to of patrons and as as in training well Sunday office President's ceived the from colfactschool. schools In and Schools. whenever an academy So at an University of Moscow your

ifleges quite, as are almost, not school to transferred the public was city in establish to that invitation are their religionnecessary as to relig- a or of system school seminary serve institution to of an kind someplaces houses, of ion established the high near worship-—meeting was University religious of the needs

callthey them. school. courses the the seminary In Latterdav students coming from

in Biblical subjects, formerly given Saint homes.

in every communityTJENCE offered. in the academy, were The given "Institute"A was name The settled peothese they where schools entire to the belong pubstu- college serving to a seminary theple early to attention gave lic sectarian doctrines should and no estabfirst dents. one was The of schools,establishment elemenbe in seminaries taught them. The in lished second in the Moscow, these advanced.tary were In and are to belong the mainChurch and serve Agricultural to Utah Logan varioustaught branches not only tained for students Latterday from

is the this students, College and secular the learning, alsoof but Saint attending public homes third. religion astruths of they underschools.

stood them. By this people the So much for an outline history

study of religion was held as im- "RUT in recent years seminaries of the beginnings of the seminary portant as the study of arithmetic. have been established in comsystem in the Latterday Saint

Religious activity was an essential munities where Church academies Church.

part of a satisfactory life. No never existed. After an academy

schooling could be complete that became a public high school this \\7E now come to a more direct did not include a study of religion. institution was no different from answer to the question, "why

But as time went on conditions any other high school. So if it was these institutions?"What is the

became favorable for an assump- a good thing to have a seminary at purpose behind them? I have altion by the public, i. e., the Civil one school it was thought to bea ready indicated the answer,—the

Government, of the responsibility good thing to have one at every Latterday Saints are sincere be136 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

lievers in the value to their young so through the seminary they have but those who best prove their people of an educational training. no thought or wish to do aught love in faithful performance of

They believe in schools and are violative of the letter or spirit of what they believe to be his will."

ready cheerfully to make sacrifices, the law. They are entirely agreeif need be, to establish and mainable to the policy of keeping the "RUT when students go to coltain them. They believe not only public school free from sectarian lege they are faced with new

in a training in secular subjects, but problems, some of them disturbing also in a religious education. Howto their religious faith. They hear,

ever, they are a practical people. I THINK we may assert that in a read, and are taught some things

They have no money to waste or hundred men there are more than that seem in conflict with religious spend unnecessarily. Hence to them ninety who are what they are, good views previously held. What shall

useful bad, pernicious or to soand or wise reasons for the posthey do? adjustments many Are

ciety, the instruction they from undisible? are to give thing proper Saints Latterday to do is The It received. have is on education

vided support to the public school that depend the great differences obfirm believers in the harmony of system from the kindergarten to servable among them. The least all truth. To them it is imposthe university and then, in addiand most imperceptible impressions sible that truths discovered in the

tion, provide facilities and opporsequencesreceived inof ourlonginfancyduration.have Itconis realms of science and philosophy

tunities for training and instrucwith these first impressions as with shall be in conflict with truths of tion in the field of religion. So, a river, whose waters we can easily religion. However, our underbesides Sunday Schools and Sabturn by different canals in opposite standing of what is truth is often

bath day services, the Church has courses; so that from the insensible faulty. The chaff often conceals

organized a system for weekday source,directionit thetakesstreamdifferentreceivesdirections,at its the kernel. Dogmatism raises its

religious instruction that functions and at last arrives at places far arrogant hand and smothers clear for all grades of schools from the different from each other; and with thinking. College days are times

kindergarten to the college. the same facility we may, I think, when most young people need the

turn the minds of children to what aid of wise counsel and a steady choose.—Locke. guiding hand, though often they'"THE support of public schools direction we

* brings children from Latterthemselves do not know this. Yes,

possible. are adjustments Religin Saint contactday with homes the seminary in teachings. But ious faith retreat need not fromchildren other These homes. from public the apart entirely from and fields surrender in nor the of of any people together, playyoung work of privilege seek the they school research learning. or Scholarship live largely together.together, and people their young acquainting can existence never of put out God interested in become the sameThey lesits Bible, Christian the with find a nor substitute for Him. This prothings over and put common with teachings, and is sons and the abiding confidence the ofjects. learn they to Thus know doctrines. history And and Church Saints. Latterday other. each understand Theseand because so this not much they do as a their helping of But means stable areconditions favorable a to the taught children their they want a people to realization of young likely aredemocracy. Troubles not

as they that a theology fine of points these facts of continuing and the arise into these between youths the fundamentaught them want beneficent influence religion of years, willfuture prejudices nor praccitizenship tals and of good their careers, college instiduring exist, troubles forbetween them their religion. tical want They tutions are this as such being estabprejudices are of usuallyand born the with people imbued young lished the Church. by ignormisunderstandings of and of is the Father that thought Godance. as These youths grow up all grateful, are very all, brothers and are while that we we A NDfriends neighbors, and deeply im- "grateful, friendliness flesh blood, sisters, the for all of one and

feelings friendliness of withbued to institutes all these the are judged that we shown what by by we perfect toleration. the ofand And believe. public, University the rather we than by we and what do by

are of lovers people"Mormon"are is to that frank important admit the have conduct no Hence we peace. to exhibit goodThey want desire live in establishbe to acceptably alone the must thing. we To it allwill receive to and from these of properto law, maintenance ment and be obedient uphold

their neighbors. outlines This religion. civil of schools that authority, constituted think ly do Webriefly of the reasons one why all students as the experience others have should would these unto we

are believerspeople in supportand benefits religion. us, of be bodies our others keep would do unto Weers school of the public system. gratified to learn pure, clean the that love other churchand Lord and

love our neighbors. They want es were going to do something simTsJO one who is familiar with the these principles taught to their ilar to what our Church is doing.

history of the Latterday Saint young people on week days as well For the present, at any rate, the

Church doubts the sincerity of the as on Sundays, for they want the classrooms in this building will not in continuous use by us.great majority of its adherents. influence of these teachings—the be

inTheir Church loyalty is one of influence of practical religion—to Without consulting my Board

their outstanding characteristics. bear continuously during the habitthe matter, I feel safe in saying that

So they are deeply interested in and characterforming periods of during unused periods these their religion. I repeat, to them a their lives. They believe with Dr. rooms may be rented for nominal

religious education is a necessary Richard C. Cabot, as expressed in sums by other churches that might

part of a complete education. So his delightful book entitled "What wish to conduct classes in Bible

they are ready to go to any feasible Men Live By"that "the most restudy. We have made this offer

lengths to provide opportunities ligious people are not those who at Moscow and we make it here.

for this education. But in doing talk and write the most about God, We are willing to do every feasible

a

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 137 thing to save the youth of the on this continuing to be a Godtute have "a friend at court"—

land from being overwhelmed by fearing nation. And of America religious institution of the most

the waves of infidelic and materiwe can truly say, slightly changing helpful kind to their sons and alistic thought that are sweeping the words of one of Shakespeare's daughters. The service is given

over the land. The safety and percharacters, gratis to all who will accept of it.

petuity of our Government, the Is there any Latterday Saint home peace and happiness of the people We do love that will neglect the unusual opof our beloved country, and the Our country's good with a respect portunity thus cheerfully prohigh achievements in civilization more tender, vided?

possible for us, are dependent, so More holy and profound, than our i -f i the Latterday Saints ever believe, own lives.

Maturity Speaks to Youth Dedication of the Pocatello \\7HERE are you going, Youth L. D. S. Institute withvv bannersof America?you tripLikeby anyus flauntarmy

Sunday evening, October are conducted each school day in ing your youth, ignoring our criticism. tell us not do your You institutions the classON room. These of event occurred 27, an it. goal, for not you do know religious are furnish designed to interest living Saints to themuch is the or take to Yours kingdom college instruction training to and Pocatelloin stake others and who besink away. Will throw you students Latterday coming fromare of the patrons Southern Branch trivialities, the neath of or bubbles Saint homes. Itof Idaho. the of University life's will rise like birds over you

the President dedicationwas by waters, bright dark and them make face students many OLLEGE C* J. LatterdayHeber of Grant the reflection the of wings? with your */ situation; problems and new at InstituteSaint Pocatello. The silly vanibe caught you Must by faith. religious their trying tochapel with crowded was room ties will egotism, or and you know if ever, wise, a competent Then, allguests, spebeen of had whom life it? that loses his gains one who

is sympathetic advisor and neededcially state, invited. included They little, all light so so seem You their these help students overuniversity, ofother public and in for yet happiness; quest your the help them makeficials, presidencies, stake bishoptodifficulties—to rests slight the shoulders on your necessary adjustments and becomerics, Latterday students Saint and race. are future of the ways Your settled in their religious faith. Eachattending the of Southern Branch not our ways. always not do We is of the Latterday Institutes Saintthe University Idaho. of as approve did our them, mother in this a charge of type, of man who exercises dedicatory were The like ours. not not approve do We all gives his this to time work.beautiful inspiring. and indiffercarelessness, Among freedom, your Parents their peosend young whoothers the State of Idaho Commisence; like but courage, do your we ple a college to served Instian bysioner of Education, Dr. D. selfconfidence, W. intelhonesty and

Vincent, gave an address. The ligence. Your faults are more on

feature of the program was the the surface, but ours were no better think, I man, a has had T J- HATaddress and dedicatory prayer by for being hidden. you, We judge liberal education, so been has whoPresident Grant. at are perhaps but our judgments is that trained his in youth body

the ready servant of his will, and fault.

'T'HE "institute"is a new institudoes with ease and pleasure all the it is that, as mechanism, a work Departtion thing are sure: in the Church what we

of; is intellect whose

is of Education. yours; inherently Thement a C\F youone are one at capableclear, its cold, logic engine, with all

Pocatello is the third one to be parts of equal strength, and in a what you appear to be is of our established. The first was the one smooth working order; ready, like making. The twig of life shoots

dedicated at Moscow in September, a steam engine, to be turned to any sturdy from life's tree; it is we

'gossaspin of the work, kind and it. opened for second Perhaps have bend was we who1928. The

well as as the mers forge anchors Agricultural wisely. not bent very Willstudents of the Utah you is the stored of mind; mind whose

College at Logan in January, with a knowledge of the great and you ignore what we have done and 1929. fundamental truths of Nature and learn from your own wellspring of

Institutes are seminaries of a of the laws of her operations; one life to be true, wise, kind, gracious

is ascetic, full stunted of no who, this so exist to serve strong? Will and you docollege grade—they fire, life are passions but and whose

let us, attending as or will not Saint students youLatterday to shame trained to heel to vigor- a come by college. They are beautiful, wellous will, the servant of a tender us see the branch still crooked as

equipped buildings in which Sunconscience; who has learned to love the twig was bent?

day and weekday classes in reall beauty, whether of Nature or of You do not answer. You do

ligious education are conducted. In respectart, to othershate asalt himself.vileness, and to not listen. Your eyes are fixed oneach building there is a chapel, recthe future. You march over the

one, no other, and an Such spendthrift mateof reception man's hall, I pathreation and class liberal has educa- a had his hypocrisies, his rialism, office. above Morningrooms and is, as completely as a and conceive,tion; for he

evening classes and meetings are man can be, in harmony with Nabroken hopes.

held in the chapel on Sundays, soture. He will make the best of her, You march on waving the bancials and dances are held weekly and she of him.—Huxley. ner of youth! Whither?in the recreation hall, and classes Beatrice Forbes—Robertson Hale.

. 2

PRIESTHOODAll Melchizedek Priesthood material is prepared underQUORUMSthe direction of the Council of the Twelve;

and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Suggestions for Guidance rT, HIS is a continuation of the 1. Thrift of time. and signed by members of

* suggestions which began in a. More important than thrift committee.

the October number of the Era, of money. 4. Assignments.

5. Consideration of Principles offor the guidance of Priesthood

that teach us our days, to number "So Conduct. or groups.quorums, apply hearts unto wisdom."our we may

90:12.Week of January 5, 1930.—Psalms, the Topic: Practical Christianity. mine end, and "Make me to know

of 39:4.1. Prayer. measure my days."—Psalms,

the blessings of this "Enjoy day if 1. True Christianity.

it evils, bear the send of them, and Call. God2. Roll in action. a. Love

is patiently sweetly; for only and this day receive should (Each member Manifestation of unselfish ours; are yesterday, to dead and we b. we at credit for meetattendance

therelove for to are the one's fellowman. He, not born morrow.

ings and for service rendered fore, that enjoys the present, if it be 2. The Church a means of service.

as as good, enjoys the past week.) and during much has helped you. a. Church

if that trouble day's only leans upon3. Reports of Committees. (Specify.) it is singular him, and infinite."—Jeremyis possible, a. Special. b. help Church. Taylor. You

(Call for specific reports 1. By being a worthy repfrom (1) committee ap- 2. Relation of today to eternity. resentative.

pointed at a previous meetWhat we shall do tomorrow 2. By participating in oring to visit quorum memwill be largely determined by ganized service.

bers, (2) committee on sowhat we think and do today. 3. By responding to apcial, (3) committee on inOur position in the next world pointments.

dividuals assigned to ward will be determined by what we 4. By paying tithes and ofteaching, etc., etc. do in this. It is everyone's duty ferings.

b. Standing. to fit himself for the purest, The following story is told of

(Receive report from one of holiest spheres. Stonewall Jackson:

the four standing commit- a. How this may be done.

tees; viz., Personal Welfare, (Specify.) "A decisive battle had been fought.

Class Instruction, Church Thenews telegraphwas slow linesin reachingwere downsome ofandthosethe

Service, Miscellaneous. ReWeek of January 1 most interested. At length a letter from

port should be in writing one of the generals came to his home 1 Prayer. town. His handwriting was recognized, and signed by members of

a to general there impatience and have was 2. Call. Roll committee. letter the general's opened. pastor, The (Each member should receive4. Assignments. it addressed, the broke was to whom

for at attendance meetseal, 'I the following message: and read5. Consideration of Principles of credit

is this that for the remember day the service for rendered ings and Conduct. collection foreign for Please missions. the week.) past during

enclosed check.'find the came Then my

Topic: The Present. 3. Reports of committees. signature of the hero of the battle and

a. Special. that was all."

liberal religious in "Emerson was "Boast thyself not of for tomorrow; reports for specific (Call believed thought and opinion, but hethou knowest a not what day may bring committee from apthe (1) necessity Christianity. organized of

a This was youngforth."—Proverbs. in at shown a previous meetpointed when woman

is in a tide affairs"There the of men, his in in household, working answer to visit ing to memquorum at taken the Which, flood, leads his inquiry on to to the been she whether had bers, socommittee on (2) fortune; church, said didn't brusquely, 'No, she

Omitted, all the Voyage of their life cial, (3) committee or introuble the church much.'He said quietly,

Is bound in shallows and—Shakespeare.in misery."dividualsteaching, etc.,assignedetc. to ward of'Thenyouryouown,'have somewherea courteousa littleassumptionchapel

which perhaps set her thinking."

"Now is the time to act, b. Standing.

Now is the time to fight, (Receive report from one of 3. Your church, Christ's church,

Now is the time to make myself a the four standing commit- a. He then, is your ideal.

better man. tees; viz., noblest Personal Welfare, man—the If are today not ready, you of finest type Instruction, Class Church Thecharacter—theperfect Will be you tomorrow?"—-Thomas A. Kempis in "The ImitaService, Miscellaneous. Remanhood.

tion of Christ."port should be in writing Let your own heart answer this

.

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 139

vital question propounded by Hall (Each member should receive city of Vacuity. You may yearn for

into can't success, yourself but you yawn at meetfor attendanceCaine: credit

live to proposes success. The man who

service rendered for ings and lives his wickedusually by by his wits "Is Jesus only a legendary figure in during the past week.) ness. Find the man who goes about with

the saint to in a paintedhistory, be in his pockets his and by and hands by committees. 3. Reports of a sort ofstainedglass church windows, in find will somebody hands you a. Special. fairy to sacred and approached beof not else's probracing pockets. atmosphere Athose

is to be mentionedhardly specific reports name? by for (Call Or and vigorous duces men. weak The

still in he he was was whathe when slope. the apseek sickly born sunny Those committee from (1)

flesh, like passions a reality, a ofthe man the rap lap need of luxury the in may at a pointed previous meetelder a guide, ourselves, brother,with an anything they which before poverty do of visit to ing quorum mem- a great a voice comforter,a counselor, posterity."ancestry enrich will or honor

bers, socommitteecalling nobly, to live the past to us out of on (2) a begindone. something Make "Get

dieto bravely, to courage keep and up our or committee cial, (3) train. start whistle, the inning. your Blowthe last?"dividuals assigned to read to things! going ward Are you ever Move

the "Behold Man."now.- teaching, etc., etc. that Do you propose book—begina course any in bookkeeping? Send to take "Can there good thing come out b. Standing.

of there Nazareth?"behold comes And

forth of all the author things, and (Receive report from one of inexpectyourto applicationmaster a periodtonight.in EnglishDo hisyou good

the one who makes all things work tothe four standing committory—up and at it. Make a beginning.

gether for good. He walks like a man. tees; viz., Personal Welfare, Don't be forever dreaming. Turn your

He talks like a God. His words are Class Instruction, Church nightdreams into daydreams and your

oracles. acts, miracles. His The crown

restsof divinity his brow. upon The Service, Miscellaneous. Reday-dreamsand act. into'My factsfriends,and events.get somethingReflect

scepter of universal dominion clings to port should be in writing done!'Phillips Brooks would say, 'Get

his hand. Two eternities flash in his and signed by members of something done! Do not go on forever

eyes. Eternal rectitude is written upon committee. in idle skirmishing with the same foe.

his face. great undertides and The

currents divine of are sympathy heard 4. Assignments. Realize,enemy is,as whatyou sitvicehere,of whomind youror body,chief

habit.in the out false or foul of his voice. Cry to God The 5. Consideration of Principles of what soul—cadences

face resolutely Setsmile of for strength. Jehovah transfigures your his counteConduct.

nance. to a is the express new of the image He life "in which that vice shall

part.'Father. cluster no at his Children have knee.

Womanhood instinctively places the Topic: Doing Things Well.

of purity hiscrown white upon brow.

all of forsakes youthThe enthusiasm and Significance of "How Do You 3. Value of doing your best.

follows him. Culture whispers in wellDo?""Whatever is worth doing at all ischosen words: art that thou 'We know

a teacher come from God.'Empire flings worth doing well."

the scepter of its prerogative at his feet and 1. An often repeated salutation. "Blessed is the man who has foundexclaims, 'Speak the word only.'Winds a. Common significance—"I his work; let him ask no other blessedobey. Seething seas passionately fling their bid you good morning"ness. Know thy work and do it; and

dripping arms about him, and hearing at it like Hercules. monster work One

still,'his voice saying, 'Peace is be in im- "Good day"—"Good eventhere idle world, the the man."

or more dashpetuously in liquid a wealth diaing"—and so on,

specifically: his lap.monds into and, sinking to rest, "How are—Carlyle."Labor is life: from the inmost heart

serenely sleep. One glance from his eye you?"of the worker rises his Godgiven force,

crystal watersand to blush wine. amber celestial the sacred deeper A life—essence live. forget dead themselvesThe and The b. into Almighty him by 1. God!"—Ibid.breathed leap for joy.lame Ears that never heard: How significance.do you do what Applicationthirst for the sound of his voice. Sightyou do?

less eyes their past, deny and open their 2. Responsibility of doing someHow can each improve his quorum lids todrooping the his beauty of presthing. work?ence. palsied at his Pain vanishes. touch

Disease, dreading the dictates of eternal a. Idlers displeasing to God. How can ward teaching be made more

health, speedily departs. The human soul, Doc. and Cov. 68:30. effective?

touched, thrilled, and swayed, exclaims, b. Idlers no place in Church To what specific labor in the Church

each selfexamina- assigned? has like'Never been Let spake this man man'."Doc. and Cov. 76:29.

is determine the tion labor whether done (Eli Mr. Landon Perkins) "When was "Labor and Lazy Men."Men slothfully well, wholeheartedly and or

preparing bis 'Kings of volume the on slovenly. and

Pulpit,'Platform and to he wrote Col. will 'take place'"Nothing the for man IngersollRobert a G. for copy his of is willing not who to take pains. He of January 26 Week lecture. lettermost the famous In which trusts to trusts always who to luck only

theaccompanied manuscript Ingersoll Mr. Open. lose. is the Hard cure only work for

said, 'Whatever do, don't you put anytimes. hard everything For that moves into Ithing the against Christ. book there be must something which moves

silly said have things aboutmay him not. stir a stay. needs Every throbThe

111., a in I Peoria, reboy butwhen now bing rest a dynamo must foundation on full also of Let as be bowelsgard the thy perfect one him man.'Jesus which can not to be throb. made No

is universal the one a Moses man. was all charity to towards men, and lightning express there unless a tightbe

SocratesHebrew, Athenian, an a Buddha let virfaith, rails the ening of of the household afford and which a narrow

Hindu, an Arab, Gladstone Mohammed an liberty pathway. Every necessity has a of tue unceasgarnish thoughts thy aEnglishman, Luther Linand German a limitation. everything seen there For confidence shall ingly; then thycoln an American, Jesus but belongs to be adequate must an unseen; every for

all. is us the universal presence in the of strong He God; wax fruit fixed a root. deep man—the thing which The

perfect character."one the priesthood of doctrine the and are will to afraid you the do most do

for you if you move forward and to it. shall distil upon thy soul as the

Week of January 19. The young man who is looking for a soft dews from heaven. The Holy

will spot find it at that point where brains be. to called street ought The 1 Prayer.

leads Aimless to the Brainless. of town his panion.—DoctrineGhost shall be thy andconstantCovenantscom-

2. Roll Call. The street called Vagueness leads to the 121:45, 46.

140 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

perfect their to who are working dismarvelous of this Know Yourself knowledgethey shall see God."Scientists,

the time this issue of the oning. If such methods are good covery, have gone so far as to express

dies. belief never that the sound infor business, the for not why reaches Era Improvement BY it is true, quite If this be posit Is thing a dividual. not good its readers, seaholiday the are that'sible of us who many carefully for to take stock and me will bringing son be us with upon

utterliving hear the today inventory, prepare honestly may an and it spirit the of "Peace Earth on to able ances Master, of be our this so of period that may during good Will and Men."Toward Good listen exaltation the in fervent to I, also, reckoning will and may it is a that thing wonderful What voice, his of the tones hear and has profitably myself, ask "What the world through custom whole

fell his as they very from to words meant membership Church my at this time together can with come is lips. dies, this If unnever sound effect example has me? What my the a breathing thought, common true thought. I of doubtedly others? have had We upon How spirit in will the of joy of good far that Jesus understood know magnified Priesthood? What my past the this atmosphere! With better deed, that every we, than toward contribution has been my us, heavily weighing we upon

its or origin in bad, has good spiritual developthe and growth so the future see visions of should is said, It a thought. "As man in the of which ment community call deas a forth to stimulating

is heart, in his he."so thinketh I I live? improve may my How to faults sire our to and overcome a Actions I and have wonderwords spiritual condition? can How for diligently and our labor own effect lives others. the of ful felon service greater to a my guided others, of salvation the by for potent good more much through example, How lowman—byrender the love. so spirit of the New And possibilities evil are of the or at helping meetings, attendance by

is in. ushered Year transmission? thought of to usefulness enlarge the my

is a difficult the road some For going organization, by quorum right heart Purity of means de- a soul one, goaded on but by visit sbrother to out of way my my right thinking, consequently and the unafraid, with termined and is careless and discouraged, who It cleanness. It acting. means guidthe spirit as of Redeemer our spirit in neglectful the of duty, and in righteousness. pure means The star, success attends on ing them him, love encourage brotherly of are blessed. are heart indeed They less deof those every while hand, nestrength to that have he may itself, blessed condition the very by their place those termination, who difficult the gotiate road upon is all the above beyond but and flesh, find of trust in the arm is too that traveling, he he which promise, they "for enthralling darkness, in floundering themselves of safely the road upon come may see shall shall see God!"They the light out shut the being by happiness? light truth and and like shall because him. be they him selfishness. spirit of

like are those are pure Only who to for us time TS like are those only and him, who to especially year, time, of a A giveit notof aourfitting the beginning new A T presence. his into can come him '** they for men, take inencouraging wise an young business men selfbenefit of the Besides of purity

ventory of their stock in trade, for need encouragement, not only by heart is the universal benefit to personal example, but they deterthrough so doing only by may be good mankind. One cannot

their and of love in the spirit or contact accurately growth mine radiating goodness. without losses. A careful study of this rechelpfulness? Their quorum work

ord will reveal the strength and for the coming year should not We have accepted the knowlweakness of their operations. Based only prove interesting but exceededge that the air is filled with milupon this showing, their plans for ingly profitable as well. Help lions of vocal messages. We may

future operations are made. And them to enter upon the work of in time be able to discriminate and

so the old year passes out with the the new year, which is the centenchoose that which we prefer withspirit of good will, and the new nial year, with one hundred perout the aid of a station. If there

year is ushered in as a time of reckcent active. are thoughts vibrating in the air,

good and evil, wise and foolish, influencing us to a greater or less degree according to our different is possible temperaments, it not Blessed are the Pure in Heart receive them that in time we may

By MRS. ROSANNAH C. IRVINE as we now receive sound? If we

spiritually the future research. the fuhistorian of the To accept to are forced doubt it? we WHEN accept this idea, and who shall a awein- it conveys most of minded records story ture the posthe of conception the amazing

civilization, he will probably desigspiring and miraculous solace. They sible effect of our thoughts on the

nate this century as the Golden seem suddenly to have been untold millions of souls who have

Age of Scientific Discovery. The brought into direct contact with passed on, who are in existence toinventions of the last twentyfive their Creator. day, and who are yet to come into

years are all startling. The radio Resounding through the ages are the world. Sensing this, we must

is amazing. By turning a dial one the words of our blessed Redeemrealize the importance of acceptis able to take out of the air a er. Although we cannot yet hear ing this heavenly exhortation and

voice from London, a symphony them with our ears, in the hearts its beneficent promise, the greatfrom Berlin, a song from New of the righteous they ring as true est promise that was ever made to

York. One is brought to a forcias when he sat upon the Mount: mankind, "blessed are the pure in

ble realization of the possibilities of "Blessed are the pure in heart for heart, for they shall see God."

.:

MUTUAL WORK

General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

George Albert Smith, Ruth May Fox,

R. Lyman, Richard Cannon, Lucy Grant

J. Ballard. Melvin A. Beesley.: Clarissa Secretary Executive

Oscar A. Kirkham,

Problems of Administration

will greatly appreciate it if both those to be preWEour Executive Officers will sented on the general kindly check on the following items Joyous Christmas to our program (see Hand Book AMutual Improvement WorkSupplement, p. 21) and1 Have you assigned the work of

the M. I. A. program to the Exers! those to be given in the

ecutive Officers in stakes and May good will abound. departments during the

are activity conperiod as in suggested wards our Hand Spirit the of. him May is sidered. It always in one Supplement, which Book birth commemowhose we

several well to plan and courage peace, the rate bring supervises counselors of the class work of the different defaith to all who are carrying months ahead so that the the glospecial be so valiantly events forward may partments, and one counselor of Youth! rious Cause checked completed and supervises the Activity Program

I. A. of the departments, while the off on the M.

President or Superintendent Monthly Report.

takes charge of and assumes reThe project Home receive sponsibility for the other exin his or her own departRecreation—is to

ecutive problems of the associment. At times it may attention from this comation? be found profitable for bined group each month.

di-2. Are you holding in stakes and two or more depart- 3. A joint session of both

wards your monthly Adminisments to cooperate on visions. The presidents pretrative meeting at which all ofcertain lessons or proside and all matters pertainficers, class leaders and comjects. It may be entering to the general adminismittee members are in attendtaining also, occasiontration of the association are

ance? ally, for two groups considered. (See list of

assigned the to brief problems a for to join is recomfollowing plan The presidents, Book, (Hand period of community for this meeting: mended page 5.) for or younger singing

1. Opening exercises; the presgroups to present brief Chairmen of Finance and

idents of the two associaexercises before the Publication Committees tions presiding. Adults. Such modificamay also have valuable ma-

2. Separation into two divitions as these should be terial to present at this

sions. discussed at this meetmeeting, particularly as per-

a. The class leaders of all ing. Care, however, taining to the Magazine.

departments. Two counmust be taken to comselors (one Y. M. plete each month all outYJ[7E feel that these matters

and one Y. L.) take lined work in each deshould receive serious concharge and all matters partment so that it may sideration at once where they

pertaining to courses of be checked off on the M. haven't been perfected in either a

study, the various pro- I. A. monthly report. stake or ward capacity. This will

jects and the reading make possible an excellent division course are considered. b. The activity leaders of of our work for supervision at

Opportunity is thus proall departments and the Union Meetings and for check and vided for each class community activity comgeneral supervision when stake ofleader to understand the mittee. Two counselors ficers are visiting wards.

entire studyproject- (one Y. M. and one Y. Stake secretaries should be inreading program of the L.) take charge and all formed at once to check on the

association and thereby of the special recreational new monthly report form and see work more intelligently activities for the month that our General Office is furnished 142 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

ever face I had holiest to but see the one report. a These monthlywith I. A. General The Y. L. M. face His to upon. look privileged been each of the 5th reachshould us by a presence his peace; Fund of a power was be report cannot If the month. depths tranquil benediction of peace. The

made 100%, please instruct your TTHE General Fund is based on of his eyes were not only the 'home of secretary to forward us as nearly a the actual membership in the silent prayer,'but the abode of spiritual sure the 'more talked of strength. As he I. current report for the as possible. perfect A.

of certainty the and of prophecy'it meeting be Administration monthly 100% abiding his, the and was The Y.year.—ToL. M. should wordthe which hope

furnishes the secretary an opporcheck with the enrollment as given faith which had conquered the trials and tunity for getting the information on the Monthly Report for Nodifficulties of tragic life, I watched the necessary to prepare the report. vember. play of emotions and studied with fascinated attention the subtle shades of

expression which spoke so plainly the workings of his soul; and the strangest

feeling stole over me, that I 'stood on holy ground;'that this man did not act

from the commonplace motives of policy, interest, or expediency, but he 'acted from to off center.'far a I am accustomed Goddard, Chairmen George H. Brimhall and Emma

every line and faces, analyze men's study F. Junius Wells Hyrum G- Smith N. G. Morgan

note expression, and dissect each Hugh J. Cannon J. Reuben Clark feature,

here. I could not but every emotion,

What would be the use of my recording the earnestness of the brow, the sweetness of the mouth, and all my commonIf the description. ordinary to February Sunday Evening placereducibledescriptive terms. The man is not witproduce such can Church Mormon

Joint Meeting, nesses,the readyit willwriterneedor butthe littleeloquencethe penof theof great preacher."

the Prophet's time and material on entering One SUGGESTIONS

Brother him in 4. Interest in the Social and Recreroom Snow found of the for the program

People Welfare of the ational e conversing p r a y Sunday Joint Session Monthly r—evidently Era of AuImprovement that The the Lord. Fearing aloud with 2, 1930: evening, February

1. Singing: "Zion Stands With his ears might overhear something gust, 1899, says:

to did not belong him Brother Presithat one of Surrounded,"Hills organization was most successful "The quietly withquickly and Snow favorite Society,'paunder the 'Polysophical dent Lorenzo Snow's the hymns. In introducing the hymn drew to a distance beyond hearing. tronage and in the mansion of President

the in winter of 1852; Snow, Lorenzo the congregation to the read words

infirst varied a nucleus of this the 2. was Student Naturally a see that have song they books and in the Church, and tellectual character his journal: "EduThis from all singin the join that talent they latent the share lion's of the may

cation, star of the leading my drew inIts City. programs in Salt Lake ing.

entirely so engrossed youth, had lanin modern productions cluded many 2. preferably Invocation, Twelve, until that, Presidency and guages. ambition the GosThe by my

personally acone some who was there. generally were members, pel Jesus of Christ took honorary the Lord

the part of furnished orchestra large quainted with President Lorenzo possession the A of it was my mind, music, recitations, poems, Essays, music. Snow. else genii before everything which comment experience anecdote, and song,

3. Music, a solo or quartet, "O had to bow."As a boy, when he made a veritable feast for the soul. PubMy Father,"by Eliza R. Snow. could not be found, the explanalic interest and. enjoyment crowded weekly

rooms. adjoining hall spacious and the 4. Announcements. is tion follow, always would "He

collegian, en- a himself President Snow, Introduction to the Slogan his books."with away He veritable success. boom this joyed A possibly meet: the hidden law can "No his scholastic completed training sprang organizations similar followed, and

convenience of everyone. We must in Oberlin College, continued the up in the wards until dancing, which

be satisfied if it be beneficial on study of Hebrew under private inhad been the leading recreation, became the whole and to the majority."struction and was recognized as a nearlywhich obsolete.all the MutualThis wasImprovementthe basis uponAs-

"What is a law, if those who scholar throughout his long life. sociations have been built, providing recmake it become the foremost to reation for both sexes, and the study of

break it."Livy. 3. A polished gentleman of intelart, literature, science, religion, politics

refining, enpurifying, amusement, and lectual in holds awe strength law no and spiritual "He who

Priestcontrol of the larging, the under the In perish law."ataddition to his scholarly must by He intellectual forces."all mental and hood

Byrontainments Lorenzo Snow possessed "The law—it has honored us, all the qualities of a perfect genAfter President Snow was apmay we honor it."Daniel Webtleman. He was refined, dignified, pointed to colonize Boxelder Counster. courteous and kind. Still, withal, ty, in 1853, founding Brigham

there was no semblance of pride or City, he continued this social and

Lorenzo Snow haughtiness. He bore his princely recreational activity, organizing

appearance the and manners with there association a dramatic and a of His Outstanding I. Some greatest sincerity humility. and society polysophical and building Characteristics Prentis, Rev. a Dr. noted physioghall. a also theatre a social and

1. Reverential Etiquette nomist, says:

Lorenzo Snow was a frequent "When I was introduced to President 5. Spirituality

visitor in Joseph Smith's home. Lorenzo Snow, for a second I was startled No characteristic in President

.:

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 143

Snow's nature was more outstandII. Some of His Contributions III. Characteristic Sayings of

ing than his spirituality. All who President Lorenzo Snow

knew him were deeply impressed 1. Founded Brigham City,

with his unquestionable faith in Utah, naming it for President The reward for righteousness is exGod, his certainty of a future existBrigham Young. President Snow altation.

ence, his clear conception of the lived here for forty years and exerGodliness cannot be conferred, but must glory and happiness of heaven cised a great influence for the debe acquired.

truly the veil between him and his velopment, happiness and prosperWe approach godliness as fast as we

Father was very thin. ity of the community. approach perfection.

2. Established perhaps the most clearedBeforeof I debtdie I andhope into asee commandingthe Church

6. Devotion to a Principle successful test of the United Order position financially.

From the time in his youth in the Church. Beginning in 1867 If we are faithful, we shall at some time

do our work, but are own doing a covering we and now period of twelve revealed this towhen God him the Father. of our work years, in people the 2,000 Brigham is,couplet:—"As man God now has clearly Lord The shown most me City, this through united cooperais, asonce was; God man now may and completely that Joseph Smith was tive inwere movement becoming great a truth his prophet of was God.be"—this dependent selfsupporting. andconstant guide this on Greater "pathway never was work done by man

of God and man;"it had been that Between thirty and forty indussince the days of Adam than is being done

"still small voice"which had ever tries were established, producing here in the temple.

all the and their have possibilities manufacturing We of God ownwarned of sin evil him and and himself, and act should so we that every breadstuffs, meat, vegetables, clothwhose promptings he always faculty shall be developed the to utmost. ing, shoes, boots and building maobeyed followed. and glorious The opportunity of becoming terial as such shingles, lumber, lath, truly great to belongs every faithful elder

lime, etc., adobes, brick, leather in it Israel; is his right divine. by 7 Full Reliance Upon God

leather and goods, wool and When President became Snow goods, woolen a dairy and all dairy IV. ChronologyPresident said: he of the Church products, hats, and straw fur, wool

"My administration will not be tinware, pottery, brooms and April 3, 1814, Born in Mantua, Ohio.

known as Lorenzo Snow's adminbrushes, molasses, iron ware, turnJune, 183 6, Baptized in Kirtland by istration, but as God's administraing, planing and moulding mills, Jno. F. Boynton.

July, 1836, First Vision testimony. and cotton farm in southern Utah,tion through Lorenzo Snow."He a 1837, Ordained first an Elder, began and all cotton etc. goods,depended his Father for upon All mission.

guidance and instruction which altrades were taught and every one February 14, 1841, First President of ways came in vision, revelation, was given employment. Edward London Conference. Bellamy 1842, so was impressed with this Presented Book of Mormon toactual visitation or inspiration. Victoria. work that he came and Queen to Utah AlmightyThe commanded, LoSeptember 20, 1848, Salt Arrived in spent hours many with President

Valley. Lakerenzo obeyed. Snow plan The all learning to Snow he could about February 12, 1849, Ordained an Aposget the of Church debt out the by the theory practice and of the tle by Heber C. Kimball.

payment of tithing was the Lord's United Order before publishing 1851, Translated Book of Mormon inplan, not Lorenzo Snow's. his book Looking Backward. to Italian.

3. Gave to the world the coupBoxelderO-tobercounty.6, 1843, Called to locate in 8. Testimony of Joseph Smith's let:

Divine Mission tionMarchfrom 31.drowning.1864, Miraculous restoraPresident Snow said: As man now is, God once was; 1872 and 1873, Palestine mission.

As God now is, man may be. May 7-9. 1884, Threeday family re-

"Perhaps there are very few men now union at Brigham City.

1886 and 1887,living In penitentiary so were well acquainted for with who This is one of the greatest keys

Gospel's sake. I the IJoseph as Smith was. Prophet to eternal progress ever to given 21, oftentimes. I visited with Dedicated 1888, Maywas him him Manti temman. ple. sat table,in his family, at his associated

with him under various circumstances, 4. Opened the Italian mission April 7, 1889, President of the Twelve

\postles.and interviews for had private with him and translated the Book of MorIcounsel. that Joseph was Smith know May 23, 1893, President of the Salt into the Italian mon language. ofa Prophet that he God; was I know temple. Lake

honorable 5. Servedan a moral man, in man, and the Utah LegisSeptember 13, 1898, President of the

that respect of those he had the who lature Church. years. for 29

were acquainted him. with Lord The

clearlyhas completely and shown me most 6. For more than 52 years was bonds.December 15, 1898, Issued Church

that he was a Prophet of God, and that one of the General Authorities of May 17, 1899, Received Tithing revethe holy heldhe Priesthood the auand the lation. Church, during which time he

thority to baptize people for the remission October 6, Last 1901, public address. was an Apostle, President of the their sinsof to lay hands and them upon October 10, 1901, at Died Beehive Councilfor reception of Twelve the and President of the that Ghost, Holy Salt House, City. Lake

they might receive a knowledge themof the Church. While President, October 13. 1901. Buried in family

selves in relation I things. to these cemetery, Brigham City. am through direct revelation from has received the from the Lordone who References God, he formulated plansstrongest which revelation concerning the truth of Biography of Lorenzo Snow by his

this work. That manifestation resulted was with in relieving the of sister Eliza R. Church Smith. Snow

for and hours, hoursme powerfully and histories. All Church greatest burden of debt and circumstanceswha|ever in occur may my its Jenson's Biographical Encyclopedia. led to its later financial which proslife, lasts as as long this perfect memory The Improvement Era: June and Aug.

knowledge will remain with me."perity. 1899; June, 1919; Sep., Oct., 1929.

144 The Improvement Era for December, 1929 the people to read it)—is the

FINANCE*** PUBLICATIONS estimation."greatest motivating thing in my

COMMITTEE "Credit us one hundred per cent.

Geo. Q. Morris and Rachel Grant Taylor, Chairmen; Hugh J. Cannon, Subscriptions in mail,"wires S. R.

J. D. Giles, S. A. Stevens, L. W. Smith, E. H. Higgs. E. T. Brandley Wilkinson of Rigby stake.

"The great satisfaction is to see that reaching the 7J4 % quota does not diminish the enthusiasm

I. in the every the in have Era departure M. Two stakes A NEW idea realize people big the*-—the Latterday Saint in stakes Three home. and Organization A.

it the value behind new all—the close are in others the very of proximity the formationwards was acto will those be have Era who the activity in Publihas Finance ofcommittees and way no—and it,"cess Seswrites to Magdalen

cations. It was felt that this work subsided. sions of Pocatello stake.

was of sufficient importance to "Cassia Second ward has Era in "Credit Teton stake 144 more justify the organization of comevery home,"wires Stephen H. subscriptions. Letter follows. Era

mittees to supervise the distribuPaskett of the in every Latterday Saint home,"tion of our new combination magCassia stake. wires William A. Strong.azine, The Improvement Era. "Our Uintah "Our Stake Board members have This splendid organization, ward has thirtycanvassed the wards after the local

practically throughout completed all felt secured they families four and officers had is largelyall wards, the stakes and their thirtyin could canvass. they sent your One

recthe gratifyingresponsible for secured Stake subscriphas four Board member ord made in the Era campaign. tions. The Slofifty subscriptions. We traveled

gan 'The Era in fiftysix miles to get six subscripevery home'was tions and solicited a sawmill town followed 100% thirtyfive miles up in the hills stake here. subscriptions obtained four and Our

are there. is over. to stop intend The Era in Every sss We We do not

still working,"selling Eras when the drive closes, Home writes Nellie but are planning to still work for "C IFTY thousand copies, five Hendricks of the an 'Era in every home,'Church * million pages, which if put in Mt. Ogden stake. member or not,"write Walter A.

one stack would be more than twice Henry Wilson, Bean and Annie Black of Union

is the story of the Raft River stake, Superintendent Virgil Smith ofasTemple—thathigh as the highest point of the superintendent of stake.

first issue of our new combination supplies this inLiberty ward, Liberty stake, remagazine, The Improvement Era. formation: "The ported that the people of his ward

October 17 thirtyseven stakes quota of Sublett were eager for the Era. Out of

is calls seven sixty sixty subhe secured wardwere over 1 Drive; 00 % on the Era

scriptions, the in the based with on no refusals over. Eras, are 14 seventyoneNovember

last census. Since entire canvass.

then they have J. M. Hopkins of Pioneer stake

lost five families tells us that Bishop McPhie of the through removal. Twentyfifth ward took a list of

They have eleven fifty ward prospects, and from that

Church families list secured fifty subscriptions.

now in the ward, April 6 will be the Centennial and they have Anniversary of our Church. The

sent in twelve aim is to have the Era in every Latsubscriptions."terday Saint home by that time.

This comment Figures are submitted showing the from Monroe H. per cent of subscriptions, based on

Clark, Chairman stake quota, received up to Noof Finance and vember 1 4. This work is directed

Publications of in the stakes by the following

St. Joseph stake, chairmen:

real reflects the 1 ALBERTA 3% spirit of the Era Coombs Hansen1 Heber Jenson—Alma 1 campaign. 1 He ALPINE 2% writes: "Person- J. Bartle Parker—Mary Abel

ally, the contest BANNOCK 1 00%

J. Smith Elmer Skinner—Mrs. idea does not 106% J.LAKE inBEAR first issue illustration the the of showing Graphic magnitude terest me much Welker H. Lynn is Hayward—Lizzie Salt Era. the of Temple Lake Improvement new The

this Era 95% I mean RIVER BEAR first copies the feet edition of of Era, the the 228 high—all Stayner Ralph competition. The J. Stayner—Nina feet if other, high. the placed 521 be one would upon

5 BEAVER 9% ideal of Era 'An issue required of paper. carload approximately one Hatchings B. C. The John Carlyle—Ethel in every home,'1 total press a impressions, of were and There 1 7 350,000 BENSON 5,000,000 pages, also 265 pounds of ink. (and then to get Casper W. Merrill—Anna Orchard

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 145

BIG HORN 116% MONTPELIER 1 3 1 % TWIN FALLS 108% Frank Brown—Mrs. Zelpha Tippetts George Ward—Mrs. Geo. W. Hammond Charles Lindsay—Blanche KeenzBLACKFOOT 1 04% MORONI 79% 5 6% UINTAH Jessie A. Hawes—Jean MerkleyJos. E. Williams—Mrs. Maude Robbins

BLAINE 24 1 % Jensen—Myrum D. Lund1 2 % UNION 69% MORGANVernile

Black Samuel Annie Robert Glen Prescott Burton F. Andrew—Mrs. E. Adamson—Maria Dickson—Evelyn

9 UTAHBOISE MT. 100% 3% OGDEN 8 %

Cluff Elmer Lorenzo Hendricks T. A. Jacobs—Fern Jensen—Rose Cordon F. Williams—Nellie

1 1 WASATCH 9%BOX ELDER NEBO 105% 81%

Paul L. Clyde Sidney James Skidmore Johnson Kuhni—Annie Jensen—Louise Corey—Elsie 7 WAYNE 1 1 % 8 NEVADABURLEY % 3% Ellott Erban Neta Elmer Lucile R. Owen Horton Simmons Hanks—Mrs. Parish—Angie Mannering—Mrs. 3 WEBER 2% 1 3 DAVISCACHE NORTH 113% 5% J. Paul Bramwell L. E. Ellison A. Alma Pack Bingham—Mae T. Sonne—Bessie Ellison—Katie 87% WEST JORDAN 9CARBON SANPETE NORTH 106% 3% Conrad Jensen S. Dahl Nona Bruce Paul E. Ida A. Barnes Jones Taggert—Mrs. Monson—Mrs. 9 WOODRUFF 6%. 1CASSIA 3 WEBER NORTH 115% 1 % B. L. Elise Norris Johnson—Mrs. Gailord L.Stephen Price. H. B. Lena Thomas Paskett—Mrs. 1 Taylor—Mable 3 YELLOWSTONE 6% SEVIER 8 NORTHCOTTONWOOD 82% 6% R. Birch White W. Humphreys—Rella J. Sidney E. C. S. Ezra P. Nichols Ruby Thompson

1 Ottley—Mrs. Tame—Mrs. YOUNG % 1 1 1 3 OGDENCURLEW % 9% Icem Burnham Braidy—Edith David Forsha R. Geo. Mrs. R. Eliason Lulu Childs Burton—AnnaDESERET 74% ONEIDA 111%W. B. Hilton—D. Sanderson, E. DutsonDUCHESNE M. W. Hendricks—Harriet E. Davis1 1 % 6 7% OQUIRRHBirch F. Bennion—Mrs. Lovina Murphy James H. Day—Viola B. Jones PALMYRAEAST Anes S. Campbell M. D. R. Taylor 8 A. Williams—L..122%1Jos.EMERY Creer% JORDANMillerburg—Mrs. Laura Pearson100%1 % PANGUITCH Jesse S. Tuttle—Mrs. Mazie MoffittENSIGN Foy—Iletta D. Reid1 2 9% Released 9 1 % PAROWANClarence I.

Glenwood Albert Froyd—-Evelyn P. Webster Clawson as Seven years Merrill—Louise president the of

1 1 3 PIONEER 1 00FRANKLIN % Fourteenth as three years Ward;Ezra Westling G. Palmer Anna T. Benson—Mrs. J. M. Hopkins—Helen president in the nearly Twentieth, 1 POCATELLOFREMONT 140% 9 %

C. Fred Sessions forty P. years Warner a the of Genmember Christensen—Magdalen Schwendiman—Mabel

1 1 5 PORTNEUFGARFIELD eral % is % recin brief the Board—this Heber F. Christensen S. Spencer BlancheWard Olson—Mary Savage—Mrs. in ord years of the of Agnes work RIVER RAFTGRANITE 127% 6 9% in I. S. Campbell the L. Y. A. M. Samuel H. Eugene Lillywhite Kelsey R. N. Whitaker—Miriam Shaw—Mrs.

it 1 1 can in sense But 4 1 RIGBY give a connoGRANT % 7%

S. R. Leo M. Lemon ception of the activity, loyalty, J. Bird—Alice Burton Wilkinson—Ella ROOSEVELT 1 85GUNNISON 115% faith, and kindred virtues many Jacobs C. Anderson E. Lister—Effie J. Felsted—Dorothea displayed this during period long SALT J.LAKE 69% 75%HOLLYWOODSydney

service. of Scott sterling traits of Her Taggart—Margaret Sorenson FRANCISCO character, 93%HYRUMBasil T. deep and devotion to the Kerr—Olla Lester 1 4 2% SAN

D. F. Oscar I. Wright-—Helen Ingham cause J. Hendry—Irene Hutton A. were early M. manifest

1 GEORGEIDAHO 105% 3% ST. she and entrusted time was from Pratt Paul Stewart Crosby T. Smith—Evadean Lechtenberg—Leslie to time duties, chief various with ST. JOHNS FALLSIDAHO 110% 110%

S. Milton H. Udall Brinton W. of which that of Business was Brinton—Edna Hamblin—Louise

1. 1 ST. JOSEPHJUAB 106% 8% of the Manager Young Woman's

Sperry Harry Monroe Green Beagley—Mabel H. Clark—Geneva Journal, position has which she 1 1 3 SANJUAREZ JUAN % 1 1 % until held the uniting of the Jour- R. Velan A. Perkins Guy Call—Ida Turley Hurst—Cornelia

1 1 nal LUIS the with SAN Era. ImprovementKANAB 83% 3%

Oscar Chas. Mace Mclntyre Energetic, faithful, entirely de- C. Heaton—Elva Ray—Irene

1 1 SEVIERKOLOB 2% 1 9% pendable honest exand in the J. Alfred Alleman Geo. A. S. Peterson O. H. Simkins—Josie life's treme, she has her put whole Bird—Ruth. 1 2 1 4LETHBRIDGE 6% SHELLEY 3 %

interest into building the magup Benj. B. Stringham—Olafine NielsonLEHI 131% azine. all Horace C. Singer—Elizabeth Wilcox1 8% SNOWFLAKE years the Throughout Howard C. Evans—Mary F. Smith Amon Hunt—Jennie M. Butler she has enjoyed the unlimited conDAVISLIBERTY fidence Presiof President Tingey, Alton Cleveland—Lila Smith107% her associate and all dent Fox SANPETES.LOGANCharles F. 82% Solomon—Blanche Bowers1 57%1 8% SOUTHSOUTH N. D. Salisbury—Esther Olson Le Roy Peterson—Virginia Lund workers. RIVER SOUTHLOST request On her own she has now H. Roland Aaron L. Quest—Agnes Noble 89% SEVIERTietjen—Mrs. Mary Ahlstrom102% released from on membership 90% STAR VALLEYLOS ANGELES 93% been

Savage J. A. the Ona David Burton General Board, but doubt we Smith—Vida E. Harrison—Rachel

1 1 SUMMITLYMAN 9% still that 90% not she will in active be

Scott Willard Henry Smith Mauritzen—Patty A. Pace—Eva capacity some or other, inacfor 1 TETON 242%MALAD 1 2%

tivity her with be imposwould StrongWoodland A. Leroy -Florence Parkinson W. Horsley—Blanche

sible.! said has been her: of 1 4 AsMARICOPA TAYLOR 190% 9%

Brimhall Chas. Rodolph M. Geo. N. Meldrum lies, life beauty her of like "The Goodman—Naomi Wing—Velma

1 TIMPANOGASMILLARD 106% 8% charity, her far surface, the below

Stevens A. Edgar Fenton Turner—Itha P. Warnick—Estelle her refusal shrinking and to allow

1 1 TINTICMINIDOKA 7% 6 8% of mention her good but works Freeman Myrtle C. H. Florence L. G. Higginson Poulsen—Mrs. Sylvester—Mrs. signifies true the simplicity of her 1 150% TOOELEMOAPA % Tesse Whipple—Mrs. Norman W. Shurtliff Richard Palmer—Eva Arbon genuine, loving heart."

146 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

the following steps which are included in our contest dance this year: Waltz, canter, trot, hesitation (forward and backward)?

E. E. Ericksen, Emily C. Adams, Chairmen; H. C. Iverson, J. H. Taylor, W. O. Robinson, D. Wood, J. F. Smith, J. S. Cornwall, Charlotte Foxtrot, twostep, clog (Flap)

Stewart, E. T. Brandley, K. C. Jensen, E. T. Beesley, E. S. Anderson pivot, walk, scissors? Practice these

steps during the week, and come prepared to explain and demonstrate to your committee next

Course of Study Tuesday.

"All true dancing develops poise, grace,

Dancing agility, strength, endurance and health.

It aids digestion, invigorates circulation,

For December 3 the names to the executive officers, soothesparticipantsthe nervesas wellandas bringsprolongingjoy toyouththe and be sure the duties and responmany years.

I. Objectives in dancing. sibilities of this office are well un- "To desire to dance is the most natural

is well dance desires, to all but human derstood by the man chosen to fill of the social are based upon These race, the and types of left higher the to it. the urges. Study rhythmicand people. civilized of truest the Ais index

material on this subject contained 3. Review the dancing parties proper imparting of dancing knowledge

in the M. I. A. Hand Book, pages you held last year, and up to date and skill builds in the recipient a moral

reacts ever thereafter which complex 369. 233; 432;24146; this year. were successful? Which bodily the in is gross that which objectives: a. Immediate the opposite? Which Why? against Why? 'dancing'. labeled sometimes movements

1. To develop grace and In what class would you be placed "Glorify the body and sublimate the

refinement in manner. as a ward if a chart were made acmind. Dancing is not a thing which

the as just as subtle It is alone. stands graceful Are cording to dancing standards? develop 2. To the see you breathe. Whenever air we emofor your high and you distinguished movements will low, you quality of the dancing

tional poise. class, cultural dancing parties, or ethics and morals low as well. If yousee

3. To create sociability do you consider them mediocre, or wish to raise the standards, you must eduand mutual helpfulworse? Are you satisfied with your cate movements. Without this every other

less. fails, or at effort more betterment particular? dances, in every ness. How gracefully to learned has move one quality regarding stand do you 4. To extend acquaintwill in gracious desire manner to of Whena be

anceship. dancing, ease, grace, maintenance almost assuredly follow.

5. To provide wholeof good position, conduct of young "There are two outstanding things

some entertainment. people in and out of the hall, muwhich bring about a conflict between

as a rule, canadults. Youth youth and let sic, etc.? to you satisfied Are problems. II. Local foxtrot. elders their cannot waltz; not as these matters stand they now the thoroughly the other. about a. Discuss Bring Each condemns

are, forth prefer to or put do you these teaching cooperation amiable by for including reasons deto improve them? Only rhythms and a church receffort dancing in

well."equally them necesare termination and energy steps, so—L.thatP. eachChristensen.can do reational program.

a distinctive to make dancing to consary prepared b. Are you

activity outstanding and in any III. Method. successful dancing duct

parties? Before deciding, ward. 1. Secure a competent dancedi-

consider the following 4. Are you doing anything torector.

points: ward providing instruction to your 2. Maintain proper conditions

1. Building facilities: members along the line of ballroom around the dance hall.

a. Physical condietiquette, and social requirements? 3. Make the hall a place of

tions (floor, lights, (On page 609 of the Journal for beauty and refinement.

dressing rooms, November, 1924, is an article on 4. Provide instruction in danccheck rooms, lavaballroom etiquette which would be ing and in social behavior.

tories, outside convery helpful in this discussion.) 5. Make use of group cohesion

ditions.) Are you looking around in your in setting standards and loyalties.

b. Can you do anycommunity for a competent inthing to better structor who would be willing to

these in your comgive some instruction to the young Lesson 2 in people of the fundamental ward munity? consideration of probetc.? steps, position, dance One I. Further 2. a dance director Has lems. instructor such an ward engaged If appointed? been

not, is there a reason for one hour after Mutual every 1. Study of orchestra problems.

for the omission? See Tuesday night, and by making a a. Cost.

duties of dance direccharge of ten cents, the instructor's b. Kind of music played.

tor (pages 369376, fee was paid. The evenings thus (See Hand Book, page

Hand Book.) Discuss. spent were most beneficial and ac374.)

If you have not already appointcomplished splendid results. It is important that the best

ed such a person, consider the deWould such a policy be desirtype of dancemusic be used, for sirable qualifications and try to find able in your ward? the spirit of the music is very ef-

a man who measures up. Present 5. Do you as a committee know fective in producing an atmosphere

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 147

of culture or careless rowdyism. conflicting with a stake event in dancing party, and this group

The orchestra should know before their plans. should be drawn into participahand of any mixers or special 2. If it is found that one ward tion as much as possible. What

dances to be danced, that they is holding successful dances to the condition exists in your ward in might have time to prepare the sedetriment of other wards surroundthis regard? Are you doing anylections and be able to render them ing try to work out some plan of thing to interest these young peosatisfactorily. alternating dates for dances, or of ple, or do you turn your dancing

c. Intermission. uniting several wards in putting on parties over to the exuberant

affairs. adolescents fine not perhaps exceptionally do who conquestionable find you Do it as of as need others? this the idea of kind would much An girls and boys part of theduct on considerafor necessity taken be up you Have intermissions? VI. Ball. Greenduring Gold and for one at a meeting, tion Union to orchestra the istried convert to the event This popular most for arrange alone could not ward a at all one I. social of of idea having eventsthe in man the A. M. a plan. such keeps rest? a office This sent take Reports thetime general to

something going all the time for V. Consider the social groups in have proved the fact that much

the dancers, and gives no invitayour community. thoughtful interest has been put

tion for joy riding during the 1. Every community is made into this matter, and much variety

course of the dance. up of various age groups—married and beauty have been introduced.

Have you ever featured special people, young and older, adults Dignity without restraint; pleasure

attractions, demonstrations and (not married) and youth. How without rowdyism; success withnovel stunts during intermission can you organize your dance eveout limit have been the results realperiods? Make a list of possible nings that all agegroups may be ized.

features of this kind. brought into interested participaIf you have not begun to plan

d. Conduct of musicians. tion? Would intergroup enterfor the event in your locality, start

As a general rule does the containing help to socialize the now. Go over back issues of the

duct of the musicians add culture cliques? Journal, and read what other

and dignity to the evening, or not? 2. Do you have many wallgroups have done. Make the Gold

What do you think of the idea of flowers? Have you found any and Green Ball a social event which

members of the orchestra singing methods of eliminating such a conwill embody all the fine and beauas they play? dition? Have you tried appointtiful hopes that the M. I. A. could

e. Can you encourage and ing a large introduction commitpossibly have for a party; and

support a ward orchestra? tee among the young people, givafter it is over, send in a report,

tell rest ing and the responsibility inthe of of the them Church f. ever approached you Have troducing what have timid you accomplished. and backward

subject the orchestra managers on the If to guests others? a of few

basis, a percentage of playing on leaders a of these group with dance Lesson 3 rather a flat than amount? When ones, neglected will others follow

a this, takes orchestra the they do suit, spirit I. Discuss a the friendliness of review of be and Haveinterest, personal and some more Ellis'lock Life, last developed longer will of Dance page which

it that has have wards found 126, Era. the December pleasure than of the mere

added much to the success of their dance. II. Practice contest dance steps.

parties. 3. The young married set in In January review objectives,

II. The Social Situation. any ward is a distinct asset in any Drama and Dancing.

Has any consideration been given in your community to the following points: Adult Department

1. Escort and chaperonage; taking a girl to the dance as a prereCOMMITTEE

quisite of taking her home. A. L. Beeley; Lucy W. Smith, Chairmen J. F. Merrill F. S. Harris

2. Hosts and hostesses; patrons L. T. Cannon L. L. Daines R. W. Bennett M. C. Kimball A. M. Cannon

and reception committee.

Do you consider this just an unnecessary flourish, or do you think it would pay? Project on Citizenship

3. General mingling of the

group through the use of danceWhat is a project? Most edu- 2. Why these particular projects?

mixers and other means. cational work—including much Because:

of our M. I. A. classwork a. They are in the nature of a

III. For a few moments try out is, of necessity, passive; requirnew experiment, calculated

the steps of the contest dance ing the individual merely to to enhance the vitality of as assigned last week. follow and participate in a dis- M. I. A. work.

cussion. A project, on the other b. While there are many instiIV. Consideration of a plan for hand, is an active scheme or tutions and influences—othmaking a cooperative proplan requiring group thinking er than the home—which

gram for stake and ward and concerted action; it is a deare molding the character of

dances. vice for converting knowledge youth today, parents are

1. Be sure that a ward is not into action. nevertheless being held just

a.....

148 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

as accountable for the suc- d. It will readily be appreciated sis. In the larger towns it

cess and failure of their chilthat accurate data such as the will be desirable for several dren as were the parents of above are fundamental to a constakes to work together.

an earlier generation when sideration of such questions as society was simple and the the following: Suggestions

family was the allinclu- a. How much crime and desive institution of control. linquency is there in our Will these suggestions help you

Adults will therefore do community? in developing the project?

well to interest themselves b. What agegroups, sex, na- 1. Discussion of the necessary

in the problems of their tionality, class, etc., conqualifications of Public Officials:

community for this reason tribute most to lawbreaking (a) Governor; (b) Secretary of

alone. in this community? State; (c) State Superintendent of

c. A crying need of our time c. What types of delinquency Schools; (d) Mayor; (e) City

is an intelligent, active citare on the increase? What, Commissioner; (f) Auditor; (g)

izenry. specifically, is the extent of Chief of Police; (h) Town Mar-

d. Our slogan this year has to autostealing, bootlegging, shall; (i) Constable, etc. Illustrations be given of etc? burglary, men who may And how law do with observance—

in posuch outstanding effective been folhave is the treatment citizenship. of phase

lowing conviction? sitions, as: Roosevelt, Wilson,

etc. ofLocal Wells, Heber of offenders proportion M. Details of the Project d. What years past of made to the police reported who have are (1) ficials

records. tried, exceptional prosecuted, (2) (3) these nature of Note: (The 2. to a check of voters Obligation serve guilty, found (4) page outlined is fully onprojects candidates, being individual not on etc? sentence, Board Book. Hand224 of 1928 influenced statistics referred securing the by paid workers as perthese e. In to read will do wellMembers sonal friends. will for to above, it be well

carefully.)instructions 3. of Listing to cooperate and discussion with one that: wardsa. It is recommended ordinances possible. and on the local another wherever At laws

(1) Every adult group devote the next Union Meeting, for statute books.

the first Tuesday of each example, arrangements might 4. Patriotic stories; incidents

month to a consideration be made for two representatives from American history.

of the Project. (This infrom each ward Adult Depart- 5. Discussion on voting: how

cludes all branches of ment to serve on a committee to vote a straight ticket; how to

Adult work, including charged with the task of con- "scratch,"etc. Use sample ballots.

Genealogical Society.) tacting the appropriate officials 6. Cooperation with M Men

b. The Law Observance project and securing the necessary data and Gleaners in working for a

should be taken up first; the for later discussion and analybetter town or city government.

voting project second.

c. The logical first step in the Law

Observance is a precise determination of the actual nature Adult Woman's Department and extent of lawbreaking in following (September Young WomHome Specifically, the community. Recapitulation.—The

Per-. Society an's Journal) and up to have been scheduled and lessons the collection this involves tabulation of such statistics as November 30: sonality—Heredity and Environof the the office in available—are ment (Manual—Courses of Home September.—The Study) Decorating the House: Building of police), chief sheriff (and

the public prosecutor and the (August Young Woman's JourCheck your program; have you

completed the Lessons to date? courts (city, county, district, nal). Music—Program Music

(September should etc.) Figures juvenile, Young Woman's CALENDAR FOR DECEMBER. to Journal) possible wherever secured be show: October.—Notable Mothers of December 3.—Notable Mothers

(Sept. actual Young of number and dis- a. The Scripture—Eve: Scripture—Rebekah

Journal). Abundant Life of: Woman's position December 10.—Abundant(Manual) a. Violations reported to Life for the Adult Woman—The for the Adult Woman—Importthe police, Human Machine (September ance of Food Combinations (Man-

b. Cases prosecuted by the Young Woman's Journal). The ual)

Perpolice and prosecutor, Home—Building the House: December 17.—Society and (August c. Cases dealt with by the Furnishings "New"Psychology sonality—The

. Woman's Journal) courts, (Manual) Music—VerdiYoung

b. The kinds of offenses com- (October Young Woman's Jourmitted, nal). Method of Conducting

c. The age, sex, domicile, naNovember.—Notable Mothers Lessons

(October nationality, Scripture—Sarah: Are you getting free discussion Woman's Journal) fenders, etc., of the ofofYoung

d. The increase (or decrease) Abundant Life for the Adult from class members; or are you

using the Lecture Even method? (OcNutrition crime in delinquency and Woman—Practical

. is used, be if the latter there should Journal) tober Young Woman's or from month to month

the some discussion each evening. from year to year. The Home—The Spirit of

.!

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 149

those people had great faith in the power of God, and so they fasted he that would come prayed -Gleaners Department and M Men prayers aid. Their to their COMMITTEE answered in a miraculous way,werefor

Combined M Men and Gleaners Committees great flocks of gulls came to the farms in the valley; devoured the

crickets and saved the crops. Instead of the scourge destroying their

Customs in day the faith of their children is Course of Study—Social faith, it strengthened it, and to this

Foreign Lands madeMarkey:greaterObyyes,thisGodstory.loves those

people, but the Irish have disIreland pleased him. Tis often said in these

that is a place that Ireland the western part of the United parts a small interior of Scene: The with, to do somethin'God meant open States. the house. In farmcounty

fireplace is a fire, over which hangs Markey: Be you a traveler? but changed his mind.

: Our Fathera steaming iron kettle. Around Smith: Well, yes, I'm a travelSmith (smiling)

with something still to do means missionary. a ing tongs, coal are seenthe fireplace elder—a Irish for the plans has Ireland. He coals, filled suspicion): (showing Markey with basketshallow

and a teakettle. There are some A Protestant? (1) just the same as he has for the rest

plain straight chairs in the room; Smith: I'm neither a Protestant of his children.

a rack built on the wall in which nor a Catholic; I belong to the Markey: You can't make us

dishes are kept; a long wooden Church of Jesus Christ. Irish believe that. Why just before

bench; a table and in one corner Markey: Oh! O'Tooele died he asked the priest

there is a builtin bed. The ceiling Smith: Do you live here alone? if he thought there would be a

Irishman. for an in heaven place others has No—the he'd be that can't wonder But I I he's dead.isA beamedpicture andof thea saintfloor isis hangingof rock. goneMarkey:to O'Tooele's;

on the wall. should have gone, but my pains in doubts as to himself. (Leaning

. Don't tell what I'm Characters: Farrall Markey—wont let me. forward)an old man; James Smith—a Smith: Have you rheumatism? about to tell you, but the O'Tooles

first at startled (looking Smith as legs again Farrall of he answered) Yes,Markey—daughter"Mormon"missionary; Bridget Markey: Yes. (Rubbing his is descended from seals.

: In heartily) laughing then is it and dead. of O'Tooele years Shure andMarkey, about twentyfiveage; Mrs. Patrick Markey—daughdon't seem likely; he's been about America there -are those that claim

first time I've everterin-lawey—youngerof Markey;daughterMaryof FarrallMarkeverseem sincelikely;I canwhyremember;he remembersit don'tthe thatbut thiswe descendedis the from monkeys,

Markey, about 1 8 years of age. famine! I've heard him tell how heard that Irish descended from

that blight came over the land and seals

As curtain rises Farrall Markey in two weeks the potatoes was Markey: Not all the Irish, just

is seen sitting by the fireplace rubnuthin'but rot. Oh the terrors of the O'Tooles! You see it was this

bing his legs as if they are in pain. that winter, and the next. Those way: Years and years ago one of

There is a knock at the door. was two terrible years '46 and '47. the O'Tooles, way back, was

Farrall: Come in! 'Twas then that God deserted the standin'on the sea shore and he

James Smith enters. Irish and pursed Ireland! The noticed three beautiful seals come

Farrall M. shows surprise at the people lost their spirit; ain't had up out of the water. They was so

sight of a stranger. much since. unusual that he thought he would

Smith (bowing): I am a travSmith (aside); How different! watch them for a few minutes. To

eling elder of the Church of Jesus When the Saints at home saw starhis surprise they took off their seal

Christ of Latterday Saints. vation staring them in the face they skins and danced on the beach in

(Hands old man a tract) had faith! They prayed and God the form of three beautiful young

Farrall M. (who cannot read, sent the gulls. (Turning to Markladies. The man of O'Tooeles

as is evidenced by his face but preey). In western America where I watched them for some time, but

tending to be able to): Oh, and came from the people had a sad it did not take him long to recover

be you an Englishman? experience about that time too. his wits and decide upon a plan

Smith: Yes and no. I am of Markey: Oh? for capturing one of them. He

English descent but my home is in Smith: Yes, it was the year crept down towards where the

America. 1848. The people had been in that skins was lying, hiding himself

Markey (leaning forward): Did part of the country just one year, behind a big stone so that he could

you see my son Michael over there? and efforts were made to raise a not be seen. Having reached the

skins of the he caught up one bounteous I the crickshore, Smith: that remember. Not harvest—and

fast it as and off with and made ets came! in long has hordes he been They came in America?How

Markey: Well he left right after and the people saw the results of as secretly as he could. He knew

the potatoes was dug, a year past. their labors and the hope of the well that the sealwoman would

When did you leave the States? coming winter vanishing, in spite follow where her skin had been

Smith: It's fourteen months of the fact that they did their uttaken so he hid it cunningly in the

since I left home. My home is in most to destroy the enemy. But thatch of his house, where no one

.

150 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

would think of looking for it. house and take altars for the earn their dowries but that few of

When the seals had had their fill priest? (2) them ever come back.

of dancing and play on the shore, Smith: Well how interesting! Bridget: Aye that is true.

they went back to look for their I often have heard of Irish wakes, Manyl times the folks at home skins and their surprise was great but I've never known before about write for money so often that the to find that one of these was these contributions to the priests. girl doesn't get a chance to save

missin'. That night O'Toole was Will they have a wake for until she's too old to get a husband

sittin'in his house when, as he O'Toole? and then there's no use spendin'

in her aexpected, beautiful woman there Shure, but Markey: home. know to come You money

to the andbare pelt door came to there used be the drink it's different Amerwon't from in Ireland asked him to give her back her coat. be. I'm tellin'you there's not ica. We're taught that it's right

He did not let on that he knew much to a wake any more, nearly for one child to raise another, and anything about it though she cried everybody's sober. the Irish girl, even though she's

to besoughtand him and moaned her does duty by from home away hear to Well, glad Smith: I'm it again. heldgive so out back He if I instance, had her family. For

well, so that. the skin hidden and had brothers tribe of little a whole had like just you're Markey: Ohcleverly, in that the she end had sisters, over I'd been probably and ones. the Takin'up other young his into settle stay on and down yet. there

I reforms. young, was when Why for shehouse, could go not away

without her skin. Well she lived after a wake if a man was sober Smith: I see, you are the oldthere a good many years and had he'd be ashamed of it. They's est.

four children and O'Toole and she been times that I've staggered Bridget: No, indeed, my brothiswere very happy together, when home, when I couldn't get enough er Patrick is the first born—this

one day during his absence a fire drink (whispers) I wouldn't have his wife, (Mrs. Patrick Markey

broke out in the house. It soon let the town folks know that I was smiles) and my sister Kathleen is

spread to the thatch, and there was sober for the world. But now next. She's married.

a queer smell of singeing. The things is changed. There's some Smith: Did she earn her dowry

woman knew it was her seal's coat drinkin'of course, but it is not like in America too?

burning and climbed up to where the good old days? Listen, ain't Bridget: No, indeed; father gave

it was and when she had found it that the procession passin'now? her her dowry.

off with her to the water as fast Smith (going to door and lookMarkey: Sure it's a bit of a

as she was able. She forgot all ing out): Why, yes, it looks that manager I am. You see it was

about her husband and children way. There's a hearse and then this way. Kathleen fell in love,

and nothin'would do her but she eight men carrying a coffin on their terrible, and she wanted to get marmust get into the seal skin again shoulders. They're going to have ried, but of course no girl, however

and go out swimmin'into the sea a church funeral, instead of a likable can get married without a where the other seals were. O'Toole wake. The procession following is dowry. So I did a bit of figurin'.

never got her back, but there was a composed only of men. Now, none of the farms around

seal's in the coat thehole and when here to produce the support enough parts in some say Markey: Theyseals the near come swimmin'up old offtheir and and man woman here too, we but follow the women tell this the canland one you by spring the his and son wife and women the men. The just have believe needn't patch.burnt You their offspring, and anybody don't you here and be will soon

if to,the story but don't you want it, that, knows and Pat knew my told I've of a what word it's queer the O'Tooles mad how let so and he hadn't enter women gettin'and old say I'm breatheyou—they seals in are get mentioned when his Kathleen, sure but mind and I do. talk much. Maybe too

it is their presence. funny And she's likable girl, a fell terreally

is heard of wailing women (The all the has such O'Tooleshow rible in love, I so says to Pat: and

is and opened door outside. Theshort arms. "Pat out go a and wife hunt you those to turns Patrick Markey Mrs, a nice fat think see with don't Smith: Well, you dowry."You stranger! says: her of and back A is the trait? a oldthat family in dead was our woman

: I'm waiting) (without Smith case less that feed, and one to was trait. it's a Sure family Markey: Jesus of the elder of Church an I figured if and that find could Pat It's seal their inherited from Saints. Latterday of Christ a girl a with big good we'd dowry (Pause)mother.

Mrs. P. M,: of a go make that's A Protestant? it. So what the long before Smith: How did, she a nice brought him not a Protesthe Smith: No, I'm wijllfamily be back from the

funeral? ant, I belong to the true Church dowry. An'I just sliced a bit

of Christ. of it off (enough to get Bridget to

ain't they Shure Markey: and for see girl a pretty you a America) you're Mrs. P. M.: Then a just togone like Kathleen don't funeral—they're need a such big Catholic? Welcome. just calling the O'Tooles, he on as a dowry one. see ugly An'you American Bridget: an You're It this justdied mornin'. took it worked, in how we brought I've America. to aren't been you? all the for theabout had we money one, it rid got and of two. And

altars. Smith: Oh! long, wasn't five years, about and

Smith: For the altars, what do Bridget: Yes, I went to earn Bridget had saved up enough to

you mean? my dowry. And now I'm going send for my boy Michael and John

Markey: Shure and didn't you to be married. will save up and send for Mary

know that when a man dies all the Smith: I understand that here. 'Twas a smart trick of mine.

people in the county call at the many Irish girls go to America to 'Taint often that the oldest son

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 151

gets married until after the old his children will. O, 'twill be like "O Almighty Father, stop!"said

man is dead. the millennium when there'll be the angel Gabriel, "Heaven will be

Smith: Well, couldn't he have no rent. (4) swept clean out.""I'll stop,"said

gone to work to keep his wife? Smith: It seems to me that the Almighty: "Them that are

Markey: O, but the farm is his the outlook for Ireland is getting in Heaven let them remain in

by birthright, and he always waits better all the time. Heaven, them that are in Hell let

for it. Markey: Aye that it is. them remain there, and them that

Bridget: Yes, there's John Bridget: And when the Irish are between Heaven and Hell let

he's my man that I'm going to learn that they've got to eat betthem remain in the air. And the

marry. He's nearly fifty years old. ter that'll help things too. angels that remained between

His old man and woman lived Markey: Bridget, how dare Heaven and Hell are the Fairies."

such a long time then he'd probyou! 'Tis ungrateful you are. (6) (Aside.)

ably been married to someone else Didn't I just say that if we'd sat Smith: That has a remnant of

if they had've died, and where down to a meal as good as this truth in it. If the Irishman can

would I have been? when I was younger, they'd have be as deeply convinced of the truthMarkey: O you'd got someone raised the rent? fulness of the Gospel as he is of

with that fat dowry of yours. Bridget: Yes, but I know that these foolish superstitions, he will

(During the last conversation in America I could work like a be a wonderful convert. (Turning

the women have been setting the horse, cause they fed me good, and to the family group) I wish totable and now all sit down to the here in Ireland I'm a lazy woman. day that I could make you feel as I

table that has been spread with a Markey: You're nothin'of the do, that God loves Ireland and that

white cloth.) kind. whatever trials have been permitMarkey: We'll bring on a botBridget: But, father, I am. An'ted to come to the Irish people were

tle of wine in honor of the visitor. I've noticed, that the men here for their good. For instance, the

Smith: Thank you, I never can't work like they ought to. You failure in the potato and corn crop

drink it. know that during harvest we have in 1879 was the thing that focused

Markey: Never drink it? Save to take strong tea out to the fields the attention of Parliament on the

the wine for another visitor then. to them so they can get through conditions in Ireland, and two

You must have had a Father Matthe day. They wouldn't need tea years later the Irish farmer received

thew in America too. Father if they had the right food I tell some protection on the rents. You

Matthew is the one that fought you. And the women have got to remember that failure in the crops

against the drink habit here in the learn to cook. That's the first do you not?

early forties; some crank has been thing an Irish girl has to learn Markey: Yes, indade, I do, and

carrying on the idea ever since. You when she gets to America, if she there would have been terrible starmight enjoy this, it's American wants to keep a job. We're tervation if the Americans hadn't sent

bacon. We send all our own bacon rible cooks over here. ship loads of food over to us. Yes,

to America, and then eat American Markey: That's the only God loves the Americans, so he

bacon, it's so much better than our trouble with sendin'girls to Amergives them more than they need.

own. (3) ica. They come back with a lot Smith: And he loves the Irish.

it is, think Bridget: I don't of highfalutin'ideas. will He greater give them and

Ifather. I tasted Irish bacon when greater blessings I believe Smith: that Bridget as soon as they

was in America and I think it's is right, Mr. Markey. I've been are prepared to receive trjem. I

fine. told that the Scotch would rather wish I could make you feel that all

Markey: I've seen the day that have an Irishman work for him good comes from Heaven and that

if a family sat down to a meal with than a Scotchman, if the Irishman you should give Heaven credit a white cloth, and with this much is well fed. for it, not the fairies. You should

raised. eat,to the rent be would learn to for pray the things that Bridget: all Yes, and we know terrible, couldn't do'Twas we need, you and faith have that your the that boys to go Scotland how a place to theanything look make prayers will be answered. at tell harvest time You back come andbit decent, or other but some way must prepare yourselves for the things good what they to have

itthe landlord hear of and would eat. of is at tell can't heaven I Kingdom Oh, you me, hand. raise Ihe'd rent. the remember

know. (During this last speech thehearing a priest say that's over

forty years or more, "The day will Markey: Bridget, hush or you'll curtain has been slowly dropping

! They might be and all of the family are intentlycome,"says he, "when our hardoffend the fairies

ships under the landlords will be hearin'what you've said and then listening to Elder Smith).

told as stories around the fire, we couldn't stay on the farm. (5)

stories to startle the children."LitBridget immediately hushes. No Notes

tle did I dream that I would live one speaks for a minute.

to see that day. Smith: What are fairies? 1. The Irish are a divided people. The

Smith: Yes, I understand that Markey (his face Riled with inCatholicsProtestantsdespisethe Catholics.the ProtestantsIf a Protestantand the

Parliament bought the land and tensity of conviction): I will tell finds that he is working by a Catholic he

now you farmers can buy your you what the fairies are. God will go to his employer and complain,

saying that the is next man an to himfarms payments. on small his moved from he seat and when R. C. Catholic) (Roman doesn't and he turned Lucifer in around Markey: Yes the government was it. care to work him. by will This give

has given us sixty years in which Then hell was made in a minute. some idea of the dislike that each has

to pay. I don't own the farm, and The Lord moved his hand and for the other.

neither will my son Patrick, but swept away thousands of angels. 2. "Altars"is the name used for

152 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

collections that are made on the day of a person's death. The Curate and the Parish Priest stand near the table and every

one that calls at the house is expected to come up and contribute. This has

come to be a source of considerable hardship, especially on the very poor. To provide even a shilling is naturally a strain

very often and in point of fact in order to be able to furnish the contributions the villagers and country folk have often sell someto and theto trudge towns other. with any neighborthing or Men Notes No

friends of M the the departed or forrespect the departed, will dream of staying away, Project:

and to the collection everybody, fearing / will contribute each day to the honor and happiness of my home.

the charge of meanness and the public subtle is terrible and whichopinion at abroad, or the purpose, home the the intelhigher in TJiTHETHER places, be sure countryvillages must and * * at in play, school ligence. * at work or greatest of all * Theto contribute.

or social in gatherings, the mission leaders his begreat objective had a complex on Irish people have 3. The

field, or tricks where'er we clock mortality. may be, we of yond the will apoloinferiorities.their They own

gize if they need to serve you with home contribute to or against the honor Enthusiasm: "As well expect

it is export said they that bread, andbaked Lest happiness of our and home. bullet in to a hit the with mark they as of bacon the same amountabout it will to again be well we forget, shell a as to powderless good make Irish the However America. fromimport following poem: on the enthusiasm. without Emerson each reflect economics and in educatedare being

year shows a marked improvement tosays, 'Nothing great was ever selling. and cooperative buyingwards

an marked year 1881 4. The advance A Mother To Her Son achievedthe worker,withoutenthusiasmenthusiasm.'is interest;To

that liberation. In tenanttowards that such soul is of your it to you know is fervency; to the religionist year Do tenant the gave passed which wasan act a part it is enjoyment. at a comnot and a "fair"athis land core the fibre of seem and you That my everybody,

rent.petitive habitual Industry: "This means heart?

But the land agitation went on. The None other can pain me as you, dear, diligence, with emphasis on the

revolution. of the epoch closedyear 1903 do, can is 'habitual.'a kind There word enables year that in passed actThe other the None aimful, diligence can please me or praise me of is an which holding. his The purchase totenant as you.

landlord is paid in cash from the Treasenthusiastic activity which is so purchase the fit back tenants the payury, into it will and that not spasmodic will with the quick be world Remember, sixty over extending annuitiesprice in good. of the its scheme making blame

Ireland of the wholeyears. Meantime strain darkens ever or your shadow is a to makbar Drudgerydodging in If involved for the amountis in pawn name; will work,''Genius good. ing land. hundred transfer the of "Onethe is like a son, so saying mother, Like great to debited the James, been millions has says eighty William Dr.and true

Ireland."That the world will judge largely of American philosopher, and work

5. "Because he was 'afraid of the fairmother by you. that counts in making good is aimies'an agricultural laborer named Kilduff ful, enthusiastic, persistent, ache had acre land which of anthrew up this, task, it shall then, if task your Be be, tivity."upon Laborers'Act and thesecured under this force world proud homage to do To proDistrict Council the Athlonewhich to me! * * * to for him. a cottage buildposed its it verdict sure will say, Be when Citizen as a Good Making that s plot the objectionKilduff'to was you've won

it 'fort'there a which would was on this as reaped she is her He a citizen as sowed—lo, we good "To make cottage his for and to behave removed son.

on no account would he interfere with must have civic aims as to what the fairies'home, for one never had any the laws shall be and how they luck after!"Making Good shall be administered; we must be

fortiis 'fort'earthen a 'rath'an or "A prosin enthusiastic community generallyfication old some crowned by entitled an article "Making TN votes to perity our make and trytrees. the that people Danes say The Brimhall Dr. George * Good,"H. election. at every I forts, count somewhere believe that thebuilt these but

has observations made some which parts in of the Englishspeaking'Danes'price of citizenpay the must We vital are interesting to and the standthe Dannans, for Men country who M the sustaining ship and by

Celts. Irishare the of the gods alike. The their leaders begins and He ***/'obeying law fairies arepalaces to the of thought be essentials saying the that three by

forts, these in Oliverunder Goldand of good making thesmith's incountry would man who are purpose, enMaking Good as a Church industry. thusiasm andterfere fort certainly a a in with one was

thousand."Aim: "Without an aim, a purMember

6. This description of a fairie is a pose or an objective, making good

quotation. becomes a matter of accident. Per- "We make good as Church

its docadvocating by members If girl Irish to singhear were an we sons of in luck indulge an maying, to that she apt be would think we trines the and recommending life, aimless will those of pluck but flat. as a fact singingwas of."matter But * * our good conduct by * Church * * insist a purpose. Irish havingthe upon sing in quarter tones even and

though Irish songs are sung often withPsychology tells us that the grade stillout sing they accompaniment, with intelligence of one's be measmay Making Good as a Leader perfect is precision.almost It not

see power to purand by one'spossible Irish to publish as the ured songs

Irish sing them for our scale only shows sue a purpose, and that the greater "We make good in leadership half tones. the distance between the person and when we have for our chief aim the

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 153

getting of others to do their work willingly and well; by being enthusiastic in leadership and by beGleaner Girls Department

diligent ining habitually having line of COMMITTEE in theevery subordinate Emily H. Higgs, Chairman

making good. A general may conGrace C. Neslen Ray G. Taylor Martha G. Smith

sistently and nobly share his meals and bed with a private, but to do the private's work puts the officer ain position of humiliation where confess a to Gift Suggestionshe lack of ability must get others to do their share. One

is here again, enough of her to send a gift like in leadership goodis making no n HRISTMAS time its secrets, its excitement, that.farther than he keeps in the front with

with aimful, enthusiastic, diligent and the happiness that attends the followers near him."thinking of others. Gifts and gift Reading Course Books. suggestions abound, and the And now for the girl friends.

thoughts of all are turned toward The book "A Lantern in her the great day. Hand"is as lovely a Christmas

What kinds of gifts are you remembrance as you could choose,

The Dawn of 1930 planningatives? Ifforyouyourhavefriendshad anda genrel- fortherein is additionthe spiritto oftheappreciationgift itself,

eral list which you have followed for the Pioneers and their sacrifices

T-JAVE you ever stopped to think more or less closely year after year, and struggles which the book en-

M Man?of the Inadvantagesthis day ofoftoobeingmanyan perhapsIf it hasit readmight"Mother—kitchenbear renovating. ablegenders,thanandall whichthe materialis moregiftsvaluin

clubs, soslippers; the Marie world.organizations—athletic Dad—house

cial circles all groups, study the and Aunt hose; Tom—books; apron;—silk

rest, appreciated fact have the Pin. holders; Cousin Gleaner dish Hannah—hotthat your it organization Men's gift scarf,"suggestion is one There youM Grace—rosecolored

all for filledprovides the needs Girl the every in by Gleaner should nicest thing which the be might a dozen independent associations? world to rearrange it. Give Mothconsider—the Pin. If any one of

Athletics, dancing, drama, reading, er the silk hose and Marie the your friends in the class has notstudy, music, sociability—all these kitchen apron. Dad would love already secured one, it would be

are elements which in the presence the book, and Tom might stay the most appropriate and considof the warm spirit of fellowship home oftener o* nights if he had a erate present imaginable, for it is and congeniality amalgamate into nice pair of comfy houseslippers. a sign of comradeship and unity in

fine unity. Aunt Hannah has held hot dishes itself. And if after all the names

list have been checked off These are your privileges, M long enough, and Grace needs the on your

Men. What are you giving in reexperience, so trade about and give you still have a little money left,

turn? Upon this, the eve of the Auntie the rosecolored scarf. It give yourself a Gleaner Pin. Put

New Year which ushers in the would put new tone into her old it in the toe of your stocking and hundredth anniversary of the orwinter outfit, and new warmth see how happy you will be to find ganization of the Church of Jesus into her heart because you thought it there on Christmas morning.

Christ of Latterday Saints, will you take a few moments to rate your contribution to the Church Course of Study which has given much to you? HTHE evenings spent in discusfoods and their place in a balanced

It has promised you certain sion of "Latterday Saint diet been put into practice in the blessings, predicated upon your Ideals of Home and Home Life"preparation of wholesome meals observation of the Word of Wishave doubtless been of inestimable for the family? Every subject

dom. Are you proving your faith value to the Gleaner Girls. There treated has in it possibilities of

in that promise by your fidelity is tremendous power in formulatactivity, and there is no need for a to its conditions? It has given a ing ideas and expressing attitudes girl to wait for a home and familv

book of history unique in all the toward certain principles, and if of her own before making use of world. Are you showing your the discussions have been conducted the ideas she is developing. The

pride by becoming familiar enough in a way to draw forth their reone way to make sure of success life, is in a as wife, sponse, married question there about mother noin the discuss to Book of Mormon is her derived try to out them. and the benefit homemaker from

it are intelligently? countThere

itself: in parents, the of her presents powers question one home But

less tests other can which you by sisfine to learn lessons a be been daughter, truths the the of and Have determine your worthiness; and no discussed in class and forgotten, ter and assistant housekeeper.

better time is there than this, the or have they been carried out of Life is stretching out invitingly dawn of a new Churchcentury, to the room and put into effect at before every girl in the Church.

analyze your obligations and rehome? Has any girl put a touch New experiences, new understandsolve to pay at least the interest of beauty into her room because ing, new appreciations are to be

on the priceless possessions the of what she learned regarding home had, and in order to make the most

Church has put into your keeping. decoration? Has the discussion of of the future, she must make the

1 54 The Improvement Era for December 1929

most of the present. Use every

fact that is learned, for as has been said "all knowledge is lost which ends in the knowing, for every truth is a candle given us to work by."Put into practical application everything learned in the theoretical consideration of Latterday

Saint ideals, and it will all become a part of your character. October Radio Broadcast

i 1 i have the Project: Spirit of comments pAVORABLE Ill—The * Prayer A Bride's been received will cultivate beautiful the from various "We

TN answer to many requests the stakes with requests for a copy of through the raising of flowers."

the Junior Girls'radio program Many Junior girls have individual x Junior Committee publishes "A

Bride's Prayer."It is a lovely that was broadcast on October 13. gardens; they promote the Project

thought to introduce to the girls An outline is presented herewith in by taking their flowers to the sick, in connection with their lesson on the hope that it may also be a the sorrowing or the home bound marriage, and will give a backsource of inspiration to the many and by decorating our places of ground of depth and sincerity to who had not the privilege of lisworship. Also, many otherwise

their discussion. tening over the radio. unkept graves are sought out by

"O Father, my heart is filled our Junior girls and cared for.

a with happiness so that wonderful Program Peek-a-boo, Sun! In and out through I almost afraid. is am This my trees, the Announcement I day, wedding and thee pray that the leaves dance on just about You as you

the heartfelt joy of this morning Seven thousand girls 16 and 17 please, tulip dip in a drink and You up its dew; never may grow dim with years of in years of age have membership Peek-a-boo, as Sun! I'm as happy you! regret I for the step to am about I. the Junior department of the M.

take. Rather, may my memories A. throughout the Church. The You rednosed old Falstaff! You flirt

become more sweet and tender with main course of study for these girls with us all.

each passing anniversary. for the current year is "Ideals of You peep through the window, you

hall. prance through the hast sent "Thou me one who Life."and Home Home smile face on your sets us all smiling, The seems redeepest all worthy of my of the session period second The too.

gard. Grant unto me the power to is given to the girls to chose officers Peek-a-boo, Sun! I'm aj happy as you!

keep him ever true and loving as from among themselves, as a means little Give neat spade me and hoe, my now. indeed my I prove help- a May carry to of self and development

set to You work face with me your smil- a meet, sweetheart, a friend, a activities. In of a program through ing so! steadfast all guide the among temptheir they gather from many gay, Oh, marigolds work and delphiniums blue

tations that beset the impulsive sources the ideals, the qualities and Will make the old Earth look as happy hearts of men. Give me skill to the virtues that make for desiras you

the best loved make place home characters of able, wholesome she and for Won't look charming, and won't she all. its Help light to make me the highest type of womanhood. fair look

shine forth glow, that and naught is the rose, With your Junior emblem The light in her eyes and my rose its radiance. Let may dim hair? in her color. is their rose me, I and

all that little pray, behold her, the the meet misunderfew, or many is their pin. Ay, plain gold "J"A Will find their thrill hearts and grow life standings cares of and new my their features Today's program as happy you Ibravely. as start Be with me on activities only.

of mission Stay womanhood.my to It's Duet: Joy Oh! Spirit of the book, I—Vocal failure all thou the IV—The path from my Girl, accompanied by a Junior be Lantern in her "A Hand,"Bess byway. to us with thou even Walk the trio also string used a which Streeter Aldrich. Short review emthe of end journey. our the this of music throughout theme phasizing spirit the the of book by bless Father, wedding "O my entire program. a girl. Junior (See JourAugust night;day; hallow wedding my Spirit the of Junior II—"The nal, page 510).sanctify if motherhood thou my a Junior Girl,"announced by

Spirit the of fit seest Travelto privilege. grant that me V—The Leader.And when all my youthful charms ogue. A rendition of the national

are faded, and the cares and lessons What is there about a Junior girl? airs of various countries, concludof life have left their touches, let Just youth! ing with that of our own nation

live, vibrant, keen, unconscious Lovely, Star 'The fascinationphysical give Spangled Banner,"by way to youth! a string trio. greaterthe charm of companionlike a flower she is a because Unfolding

ship. so walk hand we may And flower; VI—The

is like life, she because a bird,in Singing the of hand highway a bird Story. down Retold SpiritStory-—byof thea RetoldJunior

it is beautiful to part be of nature And final the valley into the of girl.and

gay; and then beshadow, which we will o c a 1 full of thrills, mad fancies, and wild And T r i o Junior VII—V the sunshineable to lighten with Roses, dreams girls. by Junior

life. aof good and happy all purity, all sweetness, All happiness, O folthe During past the summer fine. true Genuine, is this andFather, prayer."

incident in noted one was girl, lowing it's to be a Junior wonderful Oh! Clark. A.

live fothe in California Art grow. and Contributed Museums by—AnnieHazelmy S. Judd. And

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 155

A Lantern in Her Hand the young woman turned and exclaimed, "Oh! is it not beautiful, and full of in-

A girl in her twenties stood with spiration? I never have appreciated the

flushed cheeks and starry eyes gazing at a sacrifices, the courage and true spirit of piece of sculpture which depicted a typical the Pioneers, until recently. I just read

stalwart Pioneer and man woman—he, Book brave, steady outwith and gaze and aA bookLanternby Bessin HerStreeterHand,Aldrichwhich entitledthrilled A

stretched hand looking into a future of me as I have never been thrilled before bright hopes and prospects. She, kneeling by the vivid picture of Pioneer life. I

with hands uplifted and folded looking wish you would read it."This to up seemingly with vision of the future, strangers whom the speaker had never met Christmas

trust faith an abiding in the and and unbefore. She one—a memseen that guide to their would power them Junior ber of our the Without too embarrassing an was assuredCommittee—thatby

goal. latter read herself not only had the book

it to been but that had recommended our expenditure, you can enjoy The piece of art was labeled The Pioneers. As two ladies neared the statue girls throughout the Church. the pleasure of giving the

"finest"this Christmas.

Books make fine gifts and VanguardsScouts Department make fine friends.

COMMITTEE tainEverya copylibraryof theshouldfollowingconGeo. R. Hill; Nicholas G. Chas. R. Mabey, Chairmen Smith books and we suggest them

P. LeRoi E. Ellsworth Horsley C. Snow Ernest German

gifts. as ideal

[T is urged that every association wards of San Juan stake indicate 1 make a drive to see that each the fact that development and sucTHE troop committee and Scout Master cess are the results of diligent, purand every boy is registered at the poseful leadership. Without many ROMANCE OF AN

the to in the advantages Headquarters be had on or beofNational city, this the of OLD PLAYHOUSE leader of group 1, 1930.fore January

This common time for registraboys has set about to achieve outBy GEO. D. PYPER

tion by all Latterday Saint troops standing results, and his efforts of the Oldmakes it possible for our associahave been most commendable. The A History

tion to give full cooperation in accomplishments of this troop are Salt Lake Theatre, Now this movement. most encouraging and should spur Only a Memory.

T3EPORTS of VanguardScout Scout Masters all over the Church Price $5.00 Cash Postpaid.

activities in one of the small to increased activity. (Note: Price subject to advance after Jan. 1, 1930.)

The Aaronic Priesthood and Scouting,

full taken be advantage San MESSENGER, Fran- 6—That nTHE

local assistance offered by Boy * cisco of Zion, Stake Novemtrain- technical in Councils Scout of THE LESSER the following: publishesber, 1929, ing. PRIESTHOOD

The Boy Scout movement has been The San Francisco Stake stands squarelyfully endorsed by the Church. This work for Scouting. Every effort should be AND NOTES ON

has been considered of such importance made by Bishoprics to see that troops are the that every so organized boy in it has that Authorities General the ward CHURCHby fully trained for future and efficiently I. A. is part of the M.been an integral made

provides the Scouting closer leadership. to bring ago, outGOVERNMENT yearsprogram.. Two

activity and recreational door education priestAaronic the betweencooperation vital in a so as boy's B. However, JOS. growth. By KEELER the Priesthood-M. Scouting, andhood

it It religious training. provides I. such no of dovetailing adopted. plan wasA. A off the fine just the expects every sponsoring behind book group A desired.these programs is now

this to give the troop Scout boy Boy treatthis for press. efDemand training priesthood more make To

training. religious needed our This much these scouting, closefective with it ise work possible by to has made

lesser does. priesthood in Advancement are given: suggestionsdefinite it reprint for the time third priesthood the should go handin-hand

in Scouting. with a few changes and advancement This of a Scout troop in with 1—Organization for well balanced makes development additions. every ward.

ideal leadership. which

possible, Scoutmaster where this to presiding program 2—That We bringscommend Price $1.25 Postpaid. Priesthood Suthe Aaronic officers wards. of urge the to Saints We

boys'best man in sustain the encourage troops Scout and bepervisor—thealso

3—Aaronicthe ward. Priesthood Committee toto besee interestedthat theirin boystheir arewelfare;enrolled.parents,If

should also be members of the this is done, there will be lack no of Deserct Book troop committee. leadership as in our Stake our boys grow 4—That the Bishopric be active in the up, and there will come to them an indiScout troop. vidual development which they would not Company 5—Twofold supervision from the otherwise obtain. A Boy Scout promises

Stake: to be—44 East on So. Temple St.

a. Stake "Physically Lesser Priesthood Comstrong, mentally awake, Salt Lake City mittee. and morally straight."

b. M. I. A. Scout supervisors. THE STAKE PRESIDENCY.

: ).

156 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

Bee Hive Girls Department THEY ARE COMMITTEE

Catherine Folsom, Chairman Elsie Hogan Sarah R. Cannon Vida F. Clawson HERE

PLAYS recommended by the Y.

M. I. A. Officers. Also scores for

the opera, librettos; operetta and

orchestrations stage guide. The Year's Milestones and and

COSTUMES, the necessary part of well every production, produced uniformity there be that and have been awarded seals for may CO here largest in the the in assortment definite that in the same. and are our work InterMountain Just West. come

from be month made may in, find progress look around. may You Unit, A Line and B 7—The just in indicate the help shall that will your make to month, we formations. each Line

contemplated success. affair a "milethe issue Era of the some of record kept of work acoutfits afformal for COMPLETE 8—A the in passed to be stones"fairs; as Tuxedoes, Evening Dress to date. year's complished

Suits, English Frock Suits and journey.

Evening Gowns. Check your program to see if Program for December You will be delighted with the you have completed the following

newest thing in ladies'WIGS, phases of the work by November

Metal in colors and Silk to match the gown. very newest The and 30: Builders—Dec. 3—Guide XI—The Word

smartest headdressing. Imported of Wisdom. direct from Paris and Berlin. Builders—1 Dec. XII—Planned—Guide

BeeKeeper and girls. 1—Probationary requirements by

girls. for Dec. XIII—Com17—Guide Salt Lake title "Buildthe Accidents. 2—Conferringall girls mon all ers the in upon XIII and XII Note—Guides Co* Costume title this (Use |Lf desired, interchanged Hive"frequently—discuss be may

33 West Broadway the building of the hive by the so as to provide for a Christmas

Phone Was. 999

Salt Lake City, Utah bees3—Guides I-X (Hand Book, party in the Swarm meeting.

pages 1520). Gatherers—selection of Swarm 4—The Dec. 3—Guide XI—Family individual and and symbol name Meals.

Dec.—Guide XII—Open. cells 1-3. Dec. names5—Foundationand symbols. 1 17—Guide XIII—Love girl cells.—Each Truth. 6—Structural RADIOTROPE

least filled at 9 cells should have (See note above) Greatest Your Thrill Radio seals for been awarded have and Seal for Course: Reading hours, Golden flawless comthe same. girls be BeeHive awarded may panionship, realistic true refor- Line and Unit A seal a for reading the 7—The in Dove is "The if production yours you mations. Eagle's Nest,"Cell 287. under No. own a RADIOTROPE. accomrecord of work 8—A Listen in to KSL every Sunplished to date.

at day night 10 o'clock.

about our Gatherers—Will TheseHelp YouSuggestions Ask

previ- "Easy Payment Plan"1—A thorough check on

record year's of 1. work. (A DEALERS WANTED ous transeach have been girl should

order in to sucBee-Hive work, mitted by the previous BeeKeep- Utah Radio & ceed, certain a must have amount er.)

is precision. Television Co. Preparedness one understanding and use of 2—An 2250 Highland Drive, Salt of develin the the main factors Lake of title "Gatherers of Honey."

opment of like it. precision—girlsactivities are listless or USE THE COUPON "What does a bee do all day long? If the class

Utah Radio & Television Co., Gather the golden honey?"helter skelter, sort of left to the

Salt So.LakeHighlandCity. Drive, desires of the moment, the girls Dear Sir 3—Guides I-X (Hand Book, will soon partake of that spirit and

Kindly send me without obligation pages 4851). the discipline will be anything

information concerning your "Easy to but desirable. On the other hand Payment Plan."4—The giving of attention

the meaning and use of names and if the BeeKeeper has planned the

Name of my Radio is symbols, both Swarm and indiprogram for the evening thorough-

I do not own a Radio vidual. ly, and even has suggestions ready

1, 2, 3, for activities left open for choosing Name 5—Foundation cells—5, 6, 7. by the girls they will learn to folAddress cells. Each girl low her lead and be better prepared 6—Structural

should have filled at least 9 cells themselves.

.

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 157

Stake Reports * than strength, for she was a frail, timid little girl.

that for reports BeeKeeper One Preston, Idaho. 1 7 her father came envelopes,her she used checking Oct. 12th, 1929. At the age of

two for each girl. As the roll President Ruth May Fox, and Members and claimed her and because of the

is called, she receives from the girl of the General Board Y. L. M. I. A. German custom of absolute posevidence of cells filled, and hands Dear Sisters: session by a father, a child being a

to her an envelope with her name On Sept. 21st we had a stake BeeHive chattel, she was subject to his wishto the the for Logan Temple es, even though seen her not he had cells excursion the seals for containingon I of the baptizing for purpose dead and or paid any attention since to her the previto filled priorreported tell it, write feel I should you about and

ous meeting. It is a quick, effective though I should have done so sooner. she was left with her uncle, at her

method of handling this part of I phoned Pres. Shepherd and asked mother's death. The Baron of

if it possible us for be would to Adlerstein offered had onehim receives if a girl andthe work, girls the no himbring a Saturday. on down He spoils fourth of all if obtained, his incentiveseals her not to it is an told could us September on come we

to let it happen again. Suppose 21st providing we baptize for 1,000 child cured the Baron's daughter.

I names. told he could count him on If forthe this method.you try us Christina went with her father

girls, bringing to so 75 100 from on be it can are usedmations made 21st, Saturday the morning were on we dignified.more at o'clock. about our way 6:00

President Shepherd and others of the!

Retold Stories Suitable for workers welcomed us and we assembled in

Contest the meeting room. We were advised to bring the girls in two groups—at 8:00 p rlxadam

the first and In 1:00 o'clock. Palace Music Alder by MadeThe group \ here's our

sixtyfive, several including I counted Alder Beautiful the Hunt forThe

The Perfect Tribute Andrews BeeKeepers and one or two ward presibest seller!

He Knew Lincoln Andrews dents, also President Burgi of the Stake

Fall of the Nebelings Armouri Presidency was with us. ZMprdic

Story of the Rhinegold Chapman We had most inspirational meetings at girls the at both sessions which Dickens CarolChristmas sang fIILET of HADDOCK girl offered songs a BeeHive and Dauget BeeHive MuleThe Pope's the at meetings. benediction of the one Maupassant StringThe

privilege also given the speaking It's Packed in the Sanitary of I was Necklace MaupassantThe

The Gift of the Magi O. Henry as was President Burgi. Pdkage

In the Deseret of Waiting We were baptized for over 2,000

Anna Fellows Johnston names. The girls were baptized for

Dog of Flanders Rome from 20 to 50 names each. It was a ish recipes

Extracts from PenrocL Booth Tarkington redletter day in the lives of each of the

I girls. received they each am sure Other Van DykeThe Wise Man an free/ added testimony of the the of workBlue Flower Dyke Van

Where Love is There God is Also. Tolstoi Lord, as the spirit of the Lord was there

How Much Land a Man Requires.Tolstoi in rich abundance. They will never With Each

The Great Stone Face Hawthorne forget it. Purchase

The Snow Image Hawthorne We felt so happy that so many girls

The Man Without a Country Hale were permitted to participate, and hope to Today

Symbol and the Saint Eugene Field make it an annual opportunity for the

First Christmas Tree Eugene Field BeeHive girls of our stake.

Pierre and His People Parker Very sincerely your sister,

Jungle Tales Kipling Janet T. Swainston,

The Mansion Van Dyke Oneida Stake BeeKeeper.

The Dove in tke Eagle's Nest Clip this coupon and send it in (Nicknamed, "The Pigeon on the Rock) forrecipes.a delicious Fish and Oyster

By CHARLOTTE M. YONGE Name

HTHIS book is one of the Chilstory opens in the home of Master Address

Sorel, Gottfried honorable * dren's Classics, an at the city of Burgher in Ulm, a City: Macmillan at $1.75—alsopublished by

$1.25 and $2.25. It was written master carver. His brother Hugh State

for girls 1 2 to 1 5 and is one of the had decided years ago to seek thrills Distributors favorite books at the library. The and had joined the robber barons

author states that it was inspired of Adlerstein. His wife, an Italian after reading Freytag's series of piccaptive, died from exposure and alNORDIC

little life cruel their a most followed tures treatment and by of German releft daughter, Christina, with DISTRIBUTING vivid dream, very was doubt the no sult of the reading. Master Gottfried and his good CO.

This story is laid in Germany, wife. She was educated in the 525 South 4th West

during Maximilian's younger life, lines of art and literature of the Salt Lake City, Utah at the end of the reign of lawless times, and excelled in those things Phone Was. 3113

liberty among the nobles. The calling for taste and skill rather

158 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

The Ideal Eagle'sto the"Castlenest. of SheAdlerstein,cared foror thethe andthe effigiesin it toofthisthe daytwomayknightsbe seenin

Folding sick girl, using methods which armour and another one of their

Chair thewerelittleunheardgirl, ofErmentrude,at the castle,graduand beautifulThe bookmother.when read not only

For ally showed improvement and they gives you an understanding of

Home, werethis thehappyfathertogether.and theBecausebrotherof vividancientdescriptioncustoms of ofthatthetimecountry,and a

life nobility, Christina pleased castles but with were among and much Church, tried her of peace, a spirit the brother it leaves to show and you with

School attention, which she rather resentwith a greater appreciation of ed. However, young Freiherr Ebermother love and a desire to be guidhard also improved under Chrised by its influence.

tina's influence and she acquired

This Chair Has Been Chosen by an admiration for him, and because of her loneliness permitted him to the Largest Users in the State. visit her occasionally in her tower. The Ivy Swarm

Chosen religious devoutly For Christina was girls, have Port, some we In Dudley little visit the church to used and pearls, exquisite reality are in Who all peaceful and nearby, was where BeeHive, all Lincoln to our belong Ward They quiet. One day Eberhard found And all are very much alive.

The New Granite Stake House her there and after much persuathe to Ivy Swarm, Eight belong priest sion, the arranged and with Schools City Salt Lake The are true warm, that and hearts All have loved married. they were They

all her is might with working Each District her School Granite husother very but each much, sight. in beautiful God's become To

band insisted that the marriage

Jordan School District must be kept secret until he could Gossip and slander they all despise, take her away. This was because They hate all envying, cunning and lies,

his mother, the baroness, didn't They refuse to do anything which is mean, approve of Christina's refined ways Abhorclean.all that's wicked, impure and unand was very hateful with her.

One day Eberhard and his father They ever are striving hard to be good,PEMBROKE'S decided to go and pledge allegiance Each trying to perfect her own womanhood, the king. came band A robber 24 E. Broadway to striving to comply with the Plan of only one them and upon man All Salvation,

escaped. He was given a message Each trying to fulfill her measure of

by Eberhard to take back to the creation.

castle acknowledging Christina as his bride and asking that she be reIn all clean sports they take delight,

, fight each can the for Gospel bright, are classes their they In Cleaning & Dqeing C<* spectedwas veryandsad, honored.but soon twinChristinaboys And quite. they banish gloom and Sorrow

came to her and she was overjoyed

Every article which leaves with them in spite of her sorrow. These BeeHive girls all cling together,

all in all weather times and because well of At equipped She was cleaned only is not shop our as the to the Ivy Gospel cling to They train these her education to beaualso refreshed but guarand wall, the tiful boys, they became soon and fall. it surely they'd without know They objectionanteed free from castle. the the pride of govShe

able odor of all cleaning maerned her little eagles by love and Though none of them have pots of terials. gentleness and they worshipped money,

her, the dove. The boys were All are Gatherers of Honey.

strive, day, they always by Friedel. was Day and called Ebbo Ebbo

Spirit the of the Hive. To live the castle the of Baron Mail orders handled carefully proclaimed

his fearlessness, of because but Each Monday night they hold swarm and promptly gentle like his mother. Friedel was meeting,

greeting, gives each a hearty each love reverence the and The receives her seals girl then two AndEach for their had is very Salt boys mother tells she in the work how And Lake's marked throughout the story and feels.

Master due to her influence and kind, In our Ivy Swarm, there are no drones.

Cleaners sweet Christian spirit, her son the No idlers or lazy bones, and Baron finally established peace Here there is no room for shirkers,

Dyers among the feudal factions in the All are happy, willing workers.

country surrounding the castle and Our Dudley Port girls are very sweet,

Call Hy. 65 the robber bands at the fjord were You will find them hard to beat,

abandoned. When they grow old and grey and hoary

444 East Second South St. A bridge was constructed across TheyGlory.still will strive for the Celestial

the fjord and peace and protection Hettie Hilda Harper, offered all who traveled that way. 269 Dudley Port,

!i-oaii'ii{>'in>-(>? A church was built nearby also, Tipton Stafford, England.

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 159

Sharing Honey "D EES, going out to dip into the learned to make flowers, lamp- *-* flowers and drink up the necshades, bedroom pillows and other tar, fly back to the hive and deposit lovely things, will teach the rest the honey, sweet and new, in of the girls to make them too, they waxen cells. Before there is any will be carrying the spirit of the

chance for impurity of any kind to hive into reality. And when they

get into it, a seal is placed over the have filled a cell with knowledge top of the cell and the honey is or experience, let the seal be given preserved for future use; and not before there is any chance for the

alone for the use of the one who influence of time and forgetfulness gathered it, but to be shared with to enter into it. A BeeKeeper who waits for weeks after cells are

all the others in the swarm. filled before awarding seals, is

BeeHive girls have every opmaking for herself a great deal of portunity of doing this very thing. unnecessary work, and detracting....:......./:..

Cells are filled every Tuesday evefrom the joy and satisfaction of ning, and if the ones who have the BeeHive girls. Such Delicious

Sandwiches Good bread is the foundation of a

health, too. Royal. Try Long

in M. I. A. Monthly Report Richgood sandwich., And of good nutriment, in uniform

Y. M. M. I. A. flavor!texture, wholesome and delicious in

Note: The figures indicate the percentage of wards in each Stake having completed

the requirements designated.

SEPTEMBER OCTOBER

by Week Week Program AtSTAKES a 2/3% * tendance 3 w Hallow- "3 paign Open- a ts Fresh d Social Sun. Joint "Era"Cam- e'en Party Sun. Joint 66 Mtg. Avg.

ing Day OS 09*>3Ou < Mtg. At YourTwiceGrocer'sa '

72 100 92 61 75 58 33 28 83 67 83Bear River 50 61 40 40 50 50 50 80 80 60 40 80 60 100 60 40 80 40 100 LONG ROYAL 41 91 41 57 100 100 72 91 100 91 100 100 100 33 100 100Lehi

Los Angeles 70 80 70 50 60 80 70

Malad 21 21 21 21 21 21 100 100 20 100 100 60 100 100 Sanpete 60 100North 100 50 80 80 40 80 50 50Pocatello 20 50 60 60 Utanut and

Salt Lake 85 100 100 100 77 92 100 31 77 85 100

Taylor 34 34 34 34 50 50 60 40 20 30Tooele 30 40 30 50 20 '20 30 20Qintah 30 Vitanut 67 100 100 100Utah ** 56 56 67 67Weber Woodruff 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 80 100

California General MissionConference—no32 meetings29 held.50 82 14 47 23 11 29 29 99 Utah's Health Nut

Y. L. M. I. A. i Margarines

SEPTEMBER OCTOBER are ideal as spreads for bread, by Program Week Week Atrolls hot and muffins. They STAKES u0> g. dance 2/3% p i a i & S 2s.m finest, are the most healthful a d5ft1 >..M 9 3 o 3 to; <+> 3jso anS9ofi.S M >-> O ft 5 < MM8&i 01 Wo>PM shortenings.

70 50 70 20 70 70 55 55 50 70 50 100 100 100 85 85 100 85 85 100 100 100Mpine 10 10 10 10 20 andBannock Buy them build Utah 30 60 50 18 46 55 37 46 40 28 55 LakeBear 67 58 50 72 50 75 88 88 58 58 65 RiverBear Industry. Home 93 93 73 93 80 80 65 85 73 80 71

65 100 65 33 65 33 33 65 33 65 35 67 67 67 37 37 25. 13 37 25 50 Your grocer will supply you,

90 80 70 40 92 100 100 100 100 95 92 100 100 100Boxelder 100 67 or call the factory direct. 45 45 67 56 45 56 67 45 56 56

Cache 98 98 100 100 100 75 85 Carbon 68 68 68 68 56 30 38 45 56 70 70 100 80 80 60 60 20 20 20 20 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 100 100 100 100Cottonwood 65 Deseret Foods 75 50 50 58 65 58 58 58 50 50Deseret

East Jordan 90 100 100 80 100 60 90 90 90 100 90

Emery 45 45 56 45 30 50 50 50 75 50 50Ensign 88 88 100 100 100 100 87 87 100 100 100 Corporation

Franklin 100 100 90 100 91 91 73 73 73 100 100

Fremont 75 95 95 95 71 92 64 78 100 100 100

Garfield 85 71 60 80 65 71 56 2246 Highland Drive

Granite 70 50 90 80 80 60 90 80 90 80 90 65 78 75 100 65 100 100 78 73 78Grant 78 Salt Lake City, Utah 100 86 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100

Hollywood 50 65 91 55 73 82 82 37 64 73 91

160 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

Y. L. M. I. A. THE NAME

SEPTEMBER OCTOBER

—Week by Week Program

AtSTAKES tendance 2/3% o B 66 Avg. a3 9 > Hallow- e'en Party Sun. Joint Mtg. Organization "Era"Campaign Opening Social Sun. Joint Mtg.

<! 3 l-i 33 50 67 100 100 50 100 100 73 73 36 77 73 73 73 100 100 100 90Idaho Falls 80 60 100 80 80 100 80 80 50 100* *85 17 67 34 50 50 100 100 100 50 100 100 100 85 100 100 100 85 85 85 85 on a box of candy or wrapper, insures 20 85 100 85 85 100 100 85 85 85 85 *80 100 90 90 90 90 80 100 100 92 92 100 100 100 in finest of the very the purchaser 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 90 80 AngelesLos 67 100 100 35 RiverLost 50 67 34 34 50 67 50 50 50 50 50 quality. purity and 78 89 78 89 89 89 35 85 100 100 100Malad 67 83 83 83 83 83 83 67 83 83 67Millard 65 65 50 25 65 25 25 65 100 65 65

67 56 67 50 50 67 67 36 88 88 67Moapa 63 55 65 40 63 75 63 50 sold 50 50 chocolates 30 Glade's are never box 72 50 85 72 25 75 75 80 80 80 50Morgan 75 100 100 50 100 100 100 100 100 100 appreciated 100 by 100 cheaply, are always 40 but 65Mt. Ogden 89 56 89 78 89 67 89 88 88 67 78

100 100 80 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Sanpete 100 North 85 85 70 70 eating 85 fine candy. 85 enjoy 45 those who 85 85 85 Sevier North 78 65 50 50 50 49 78 85 65 15 65 Weber North 90 90 64 73 82 82 90 90 100 82

73 55 82 50 91 82 73 90 95 95 75 100 85 100 100 100 100 85 100 100 83 100 67 67 67 67 by Demanding Avoid Disappointment 17 17 17 30 30 50 30 30 50 30 28 65 65 65 100 60 80 70 70 80 70 100 100 90 60 70 70 GLADE'S 70 60 70 60 60 70 70 70 70 50 60 50 60 40 33 27 40 53 53 St. George

60 65 65 56 78 100 100 100 100 100 78 100 100 88 88 Davis South 85 85 85 75 85 60 85 60 60 60 65 Sanpete South 50 50 50 72 50 88 50 100 100 76 Sevier South 72 The Glade Candy Co* 70 70 56 100 100 100 43 42 56 14 14 28 28 28 SALT LAKE 43 57 71 57 85 85 56 56 50 70 71 51 71 71 100 70 100 77 70 100 67 67 85 93 100 93 25 75 75 75 75 75 100 100 25 25 83 100 67 83 83 100 100 67 83 83 100 80 75 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Taylor 57 15 30 30 15 72 72 l'OO 85 100 43 Teton 100 50 75 50 75 100 100 100 75 75 75 30 60 50 30 40 40 50 25 50 50 50 days j of your The 100 REST 20 60 60 80 100 20 Falls Twin 70 30 50 30 40 50 50 60 70 50 30 100 100 the 100 67 81 81 81 Depends upon 100 100 100 100 100 80 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Utah 67 56 67 56 56 67 77 100 100 nights 100 88 of your REST 90 100 90 90 90 90 90 100 67 100 45 88 88 88 75 88 88 100 61 72 72 61 100 80 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 70 50 56 50 50 70 60 90 100 90 100 75 75 75 50 75 75 25 25 18 15 15 10 25 25 45 40 30 45 Mission California 40 15 5 5 10 35 40 30 20 25 Mission.. Cent. States

Stake. course holding not ward One of contagious disease. meetingsoutlined—Libertyon account not held have wards Three

the decks covered with Mi.EN I find to be a the guns,

sort of beings very badly constructmangled limbs, and bodies dead or ed. * * * Without a blush they dying; the ships sinking, burning,

assemble in great armies at noonor blown into the air; and the SLEEP IN COMFORT

day to destroy, and when they quantity of pain, misery, and dehave killed as many as they can, struction, the crews yet alive were on a they exaggerate the number to thus with so much eagerness dealaugment the fancied glory. ing round to one another, he BLUE BIRD

In what light we are viewed by turned angrily to his guide, and superior beings may be gathered said: "You blundering blockMATTRESS

from a piece of late West Indies head, you are ignorant of your news. A young angel of distincbusiness; you undertook to conduct 50 lbs. Felt on Cotton,

tion being sent down to this world me to the earth, and you have Beautiful Tickings "No, into hell!"brought me time, for the first business, on some At All Furniture Stores "I have made the guide, Sir,"says assigned courierspirit an old had

him as a guide. They arrived no mistake; this is really the earth,

over the seas of Martinico in the and these are men. Devils never J Pioneer Mattress

this in cruel mananother treat one obstinate of the long day of middle Factory sense, and more ner; have they fleets of Rodney the fight between

Salt Lake City North call (vainly) of men what more the through Grasse. When, and De

b-<)n.[><wMo-* Franklin. humanity."fire of L.I 545 W. 3rd the he of saw smoke, clouds

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 161 "Heart"Horton Learns Basketball Followthe

Crowds {Continued from page 130) LADIES tempt to stem the tide of defeat. he muttered doggedly. "We had We Undersell

He was unsuccessful. 'em licked, sure!"ALL SALES

When the gun closed the contest the score stood Hillcrest 44, GunOVER ONE THOUSAND coach's 1 HEnell 41. eyes MANUFACTURER'S SAMPLE

face. He liked frank

It was a disappointed crowd that searched the walked out of the old gymnasium, this boy.

unanimous in their censure of the "Yeah, when4 we had 'em licked said. "But finally he way,'coach a stupid such had made who—that

a chair. like using We COATS that was great as his toblunder remove

center. don't use chairs up here."$9.95 to $98.50

An hour later Heart Horton Heart raised his big wondering SAVE $5 TO $35 once more stood before the office eyes from the floor to the coach's door behind which he knew Coach face. OVER FIVE HUNDREDCrowley was casting up the vari- "Gosh, coach, I—I—I——"

ous elements which entered into He hesitated, tears of humiliationGunnell's defeat, a defeat which gleaming in his eyes, for he was DRESSES had followed hard upon the heels only a boy despite his size $4.95 to $24.95

of what appeared to be a victory, "Down where I come from we SAVE $2 TO $10 one that would have been hermake the referee catch such things."

alded all over the United States, "We play basketball up here,"FOR CHRISTMAS GIFTS for the Hillcrests had been defeated Coach Crowley said shortly, but BLUE MOON HOSE $1.35 UP

only once before and that in the there was tenderness in his voice. America's Most Beautiful Hose

very early season. "I'm sorry,"the boy said simply, as he turned toward the door.

"I guess I'll get your idea about Ladies'Upstairs basketball sometime."271 L. Frank,

"I guess,"Coach Crowley said Main Shop Mgr.

as the door closed once more. |Walk Up and Savei

TjHE following Monday young Horton made his third visit to the coach's office. He found

the Globe Daily Crowley with GAS! GAS! of in front desk propped on the up

him. Heart knew perfectly well

what was in the paper. He had read every word of it. The sport writGAS!

ers not only of the Globe but of all the daily papers had censured Everywhere you go you are reminded that 'pivoting, dribbling, shooting."Coach Crowley severely for the this winter.... blunder in generalship he had made

in removing the brilliant center THOUSANDS WILL HEAT from the game. THEIR HOMES WITH

Y<OUNG Horton gan,"Sorrynoddingabouthis that,"head towardHeart bethewalked in and once more faced the paper. GAS!

coach. all right,"the coach "Oh, it's either your convert can Remember! I—We wearily. one "No "Why did you pull me?"he deanswered into a or install Furnace Furnace but Coal Gas

manded bluntly, aggressively, "I'd a moron will coach athletic teams, a new....

a turned in a victory for you."any way. You're damned if you

"Some things are dearer than do and damned if you don't."

that "I brought on over the Hilland I'm Rudy Gas Furnacevictories—even earnestly. said the centercrests,"his sorry,"the coach answered,

steelgray eyes boring into the blue "Even Dad was ravin'about your ones. taking me out; came to me and of-

"What do you mean?"fered me ten bucks if I'd turn in

Said you my suit. were too preSugar House Lumber &

'You know what I mean,"the judiced for."to work

coach answered in a level voice. "What did you tell him?"Hardware Company

Horton caught the purport of "Told him the truth, sir,""If It Goes In The Building We Sell It"his words. Heart replied. "I'll tell the papers,

'The referee wasn't calling me,"too, if you want me to."PboaeHyland 555 M. O..Ashton, Mgr.

162 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

constellation of lesser stars; he was

T.HE coach drew down now a star among four of equal

his mouth and looked over his magnitude. He knew that from CITY glasses. There was the light of the coach's point of view, this

approval in his eyes. made a great difference.

"Oh, not for the world,"he COAL exclaimed. "They'd still censure

his me. The fans, it seems, will trade AiJLONG with

of study the game, made a he had you for victory, do but anything COMPANY careful Kinkaid, study of Buddy fella to a George, old man, know,

Exclusive Agents For get through this life right has one his hardest rival in the race for the particular person to please. He's pivot position. He had found the

invisible, but mighty. That perlittle man to be one of the great- "Sweet's son is inside of him."est centers in the game. Too short

The coach rose and paced the to take the ball on the tipoff, floor. Buddy made up the deficiency in

"I'll probably lose out if I go speed, reliability, and team work.

for intercepknew that got to Horton I've simply this, but on like Gordon in passing, tions, accuracy and person's approval that have simply got to have it."playing his position, Buddy had

"I get your idea,"Horton said no superiors.

therefore, the wise old Creek as he rose. "I just thought I'd When,

say, coach, that I'm willing to tell coach with the thinning hair passlittle his ballots beregular ed out took me out."the you world why

refore the to get team's the game fine that's old man, "Thanks, of you,"the coach responded feelaction as to who should start, hesitation without put down COAL it any Heart do wouldn't ingly. "But Not a Clinker in a Car Load for Kinkaid the name of Buddy even I it, though good. do had to

while I knew it would lose the center. Had he been more observnoticed that he ant he have might inside, you for chap 1242 South West Temple game us—that penthe a green using only one and was I us win couldn't have know.

It his voting. probably for when cil fun at me him poking Hyland 3131 have of the heart have done the would Gunnell that announced the papers

had defeated the mighty Hillcrests new Heart Horton a world of in basketball!"good had he seen the pleased ex-

"I understand, coach, and will pression on the coach's face when he saw that green check by Buddy Kaspar J. Fetzer, Manager remember."name. "I wonder if you do and Kinkaid's

Mrs. Marie F. Mueller, Secretary will,"the wise old coach said to

himself as he let the youth out. 1 HE game was a sizzler. The Kenton team was made

over six of up man giants—every

tall feet six fully and the center Salt Lake O)'N the day of the final basketball games of the conference, feet four. Little Buddy KinCabinet Gunnellschool hadwasgonein anthroughuproar.the Therace kaidcenter lookedring withlike him,a pigmybut Buddyin the & with only one defeat and was always jumped for the ball, just

teams raillery from the crowd.Fixture Co* thematchedfinal struggle.with KentonThe Collegetwo in the same, even though he met with

were to wind up with two conKenton's advantage was too

Bank, Office, Church and Store tests, one on Friday, the other on great, however. The big team,

Saturday night. playing its game practically above

Fixtures a Specialty Kenton had a brilliant team of their opponents'heads, closed the first half out in lead by the score 24. to—Fine Cabinet Work beenrangydefeatedbasket butshootersonce duringwho hadthe of 31

entire season. Her students and "Pretty tall, aren't they?"

fans had followed the team over to Coach Crowley said, humorously see the battles. as he sat among his men between

Heart Horton went to the gymhalves.

nasium early on the night of the "Second cousins to giraffes,"first contest. He was quite a difBuddy replied. "Stronger than

Office: 3234 Richards Street ferent young man from the one African buffalos, too."

who had promised the coach a flog- "We'll see what Heart can do

Phone Wasatch 3210 ging in the early season. with that big center,"the coach

He had made a careful study of said, turning to Heart. "Want to

Factory: 142840 So. West Templr the basketball game Coach Crowtackle him?"

Phone Hyland 1311 ley was teaching and felt that he "If you want me to do it,"had mastered its details. He was Heart replied, unable to cover his

SALT LAKE CITY no longer a shining star among a eagerness...

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 163

it upset his opponent more than it Heart Horton, by the unanimous 1 HE steelgray eyes did him. He merely ignored it votes of his team mates was at

twinkled and the thin lips of the and played with an abandon he center for Gunnell. Kenton Colcoach drew down. had never felt before. lege was eager to turn the tables

"Well, old kid, I want you to,"The great crowd was forgotten. on her rivals in order to throw the

he said heartily. "I want you to Even the cheers became a mere basketball race into a tie. It was

off his feet. You His one thought was the battle, ers that was prepared to fight Gungolow—toin thereplayandhimoutjump that felsound background for the game. a desperate quintet of basket shootcan do it—I know you can."victory! nell point for point.

Heart's hopes soared. When the pop of the gun closed With the beginning of play,

"I'll do my best,"he said. the contest Gunnell had won by Heart Horton once more felt that

"Your best will be plenty good eleven points. exhilaration that he had felt on the

e n o u g h,"Crowley exclaimed. night previous. The crowd dropThen turning to Buddy: "What V /N the following eveped from his consciousness and he

do you think?"ning the game started briskly. forgot everything except the game

"The very thing,"he replied.

"Heart will do much better."

wild crowd went 1 HE LESS LABOR giant of the thatwhen they saw

Kenton was matched by the giant of Gunnell. They sensed that the

battle was to be waged in that little ring in the center of the floor.

There would be no eight points difference when this game closed.

The teams were evenly matched.

The whistle blew, the ball went up at center. The long, thin

fingers of Heart Horton tipped the sphere to his guard who came in like lightning in answer to the signal. The guard flipped it to a

forward, who shot it back to Horton racing up the floor, who in turn sent it to a forward in the corner. A neatly executed arch

and the ball swished through the hoop. A score in less than half a

minute.

Again the ball went up at center.

Again those bony fingers tipped it to a guard. Again by another

route, it spiraled up the floor and through the hoop at the end of a relay of perfect passes.

Ki.ENTON, bewildered, called time out. The team as

well as its supporters were mystified. This had already new center FASTing. WORK!And it takesYes, justindeed,aboutthe ailnewof Haagthe work75 makesout of fastit, too.work You'llof laundernever

this again, back to handrubbing and go once your does Haagchanged the complexion of the pieces, laundering. clothes It cleans clothing heavy work soakingclean—even

andgame. finest, trust as well. sheerest things safety your it with you can The Andblankets.

After the contest got going again agitator protects them from all chance of injury. The new wringer, with its

and the ball went up in center, balloontypemost careful rollsof theofbuttons.soft rubber, "smoothes"water from the clothes, and is

Heart felt an elbow dig his shoulto tryYou'llit. surelyThis canwanteasilyto seebe arranged,this washer.withoutThen,anywe obligation.feel sure, you'll be eager

der. Kenton was using the chair. Model 75 is furnished with J/4 h. p. General Electric

He set his teeth, determined to play motor or 4-cycle Briggs & Stratton gasoline engine the game as it should be played. Mountain States Implement Cck

In the old days that challenge OGDEN, UTAH would have been the signal for retaliation, but his disciplining had been effective. If the man persisted, he would complain to the

official. That was the way such

things should be handled.

The fouling continued, but Heart was surprised to learn that

J 64 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

which he had learned to play perOnce more Gunnell led with fectly. He not only got the tipHeart Horton playing spectacular

iftlllllJtTW off, but he played a magnificent ball. The score slid up to 3721;

points 4727—twenty

something happened. BOOT SHOP floortiminggameof theas well.ball, hisHisuncannyperfect 4123;lead. Then

shooting, and his team work once Heart Horton, the star of the contest, sprawled upon the floor. Salt Lake-—-Ogden—Logan more made him the marvel of the

evening. When he got up he called time out

for a sprained ankle.

silence hall first in the reigned Dead fans alike stood aghast Gift Slippers For half KentonB->Ywas thetrailingend of21theto and 33, as teams all the Family and the Gunnell fans were in a at the catastrophe. All knew that

frenzy. Their snake dances beHorton's reach, Horton's accuracy,

For father, mother and the younger tween halves almost wrecked the Horton's ability to keep the team generation. A variety that includes old gymnasium. going were the factors that acevery type and color and material. "Watch out for a slump this counted for the tremendous lead

half,"Coach Crowley warned his Gunnell had won.

men between halves. "You have

.:-'"this game all sewed up if you can

sat;'-, keep up this pace. But if you let C OACH Crowley

down a single instant, you're likely with two steelgray eyes glittering to lose. That team is still scrapquestion marks. He said nothing;

ping and will scrap 'til the cannon merely motioned for Kinkaid to roars. go in at center. Horton was asYour Nearest sisted to his seat where Doc Evers

to bandage the injured sat proceeded Horton Hi.EART College Boot Shop limb. in his humped over chair, too Salt Lake—Ogden—or Logan will pleased to speak. He felt that it "Don't look bad,"he grunted

be pleased to send a pair parcel post was the greatest night of his life. as he put on a piece of tape. "Want

to your address. He knew that he was master of the to be taken into the dressing

WRITE NOW! Kenton center and that nothing but room?"

replied. Heart "I want "No,"of the worst kind misfortune could Say you saw the ad in the Era. to see the finish of this game."rob the victory. of Gunnell

The intermission was almost Coach Crowley glanced at his over when he happened to glance long center then with his chin in over to Buddy Kinkaid. The lithis hand and his eyes boring

tle center was pale. His nostrils through his glasses he watched the

seemed pinched in at the sides. Had game get under way.

he lost his best friend, Heart "We didn't get a pitch on that thought he could not have looked foul,"he growled to Heart.

more forlorn. He wondered "Naw, I told 'em I tripped over

then he remembered that Buddy my own foot,"Heart responded.

was a senior. For four years he

had played basketball; this was to

be his last contest. He was playing KiJ3NTON with the

it on the bench! tipoff was quite a different team

Heart had long anticipated this from Kenton without it. Now all

occasion. He had often thought five of their lengthy players began

how joyful he would be when he once more to function. They got

would be in center and Buddy the ball in center and shot it to

Kinkaid on the mourner's bench. their rangy forwards who suddenNow, it didn't seem so joyful. He ly found double eyes for the hoops.

could not help but place himself The score for Kenton began to in Buddy's shoes. creep incredibly fast toward that

"After all,"Heart told himself Gunnell score which now mounted as he rose to leave the room with only fitfully. Buddy Kinkaid was

the team, "I'm only a freshman. playing his wellknown game, but

I'll have three more years to play."he was simply outclassed in height.

He was like a dwarf battling with giants.

I HE joy had gone out Coach Crowley took to watchof the contest for Heart. As he ing the clock with concern writgalloped around the floor in the ten all over his face. Heart, too,

grand entry, he glanced up at the was all faded out inside. But he

score board—33 to 21! A twelve gritted his teeth until his jaw

Creams Rival point lead. The tipoff is worth ached. Gunnell simply could not

not more than eight points, he relose now.

At Your Grocer's \ membered the coach had said. Kenton, playing superb ball,

Then the game started. seemed unstoppable. Their marThe Improvement Era for December, 1929 165

velous passing and shooting seemmark and caged both pitches. Score Gunnell had won 55 to 53.

ed more like deeds of magic than 53 to 55. "Gosh, I'm glad that's over!"

basketball. Gunnell, now on the Heart, forgetting his ankle, forHeart Horton exclaimed as he

defensive, was playing desperately, getting everything, leaped to his sank back for a moment into his but Heart could tell that their team feet as the two centers crouched for seat.

work had been shattered by that the next spring.

shift in center. "Now hold 'em, Gunnell!"he

shouted. "Don't let 'em make left had crowd THE another!"were the team of the members and 1 HE giant Kenton stuck Evers all dressed Doc when tipped the ball wherecenter now

he would. Once he knocked it envoice was drownhis head through the door where H.IS eruption of noise that they were discussing the contest.tirely across the floor into the hands ed in the

of one of his forwards under the rose from the crater of the gym- "Old man wants to see Heart,"basket who merely reached up and nasium like the explosion from a he called, jerking his head back toslipped it through the hoop for a volcano. wards the coach's office.

score. With a half a minute to go The ball was tossed up. The Young Horton rose from where

the score stood 51 to 55 when Kenton center tipped it to a forhe had been sitting on the rubBuddy in attempting to prevent his ward. He pivoted and pitched. It down table. He was so surprised

long opponent from pitching, was Buddy Kinkaid's hands that and perturbed that he forgot to fouled. took it out of the air just as the limp as he walked to the office

The big center calmly toed the gun cracked. door.

WINTER TERM Starts Dec. 30

Obtain Your Business Training in a

School With a National Reputation

ASSEMBLY ROOM

School occupies onefourth acre floor space, all on one floor, with 9 light, well ventilated classrooms and 3 offices

We give a thorough Business Course in the Shortest Time Possible and place you as soon as qualified.—None of our graduates out of employment.

See our School in Session.—Visitors Welcome.

Call, Write or Phone for Information

Henager's Business College B. MOENCH 45 East Broadway Phone Wasatch 2753 J. C. HENAGER—D.

BEST EQUIPPED SCHOOL IN INTERMOUNTAIN TERRITORY m "if m i> *m w 'w tm * * 'w 'm< m >m> f w 'w *m t 166 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

Coach Crowley swung round eyes shining down into the gray facing him as he entered. ones.

''Well?"he questioned, his face "But last fall, you..."

I set in stern lines. "Why did you "Yeah, I voted for myself then,"Get What pull that one?"the boy answered frankly. "Down

Heart shifted feet. "What one?"where I came from every fella

he asked meekly. thought he had to vote for himself You Buy | The coach jerked his head toto make the team."

wards Horton's ankle. "That ankle "But what if we'd lost?"

with i stunt!by me, didYouyou?"didn't think that got downAgainintothethefranksteelgrayblue eyesones.smiled

"You know, coach, I've found a fella inside, too. He thinks there

H)EART did not feign are some things worth more even the surprise that made his eyes pop than a conference championship."

open. He thought he had actedKNIGHT | well.

old Coach his thinning "I—I—well, you see,"he stamCrowley, inT]HENspite of Spring mered. hair and wise gray eyes, did a very

clean!""Come surprised the young around arms Canyon "Out with it,"the coach roared. remarkable thing. He threw his An ingratiating tight. smile broke over giant and hugged him

the center's face. "Down where you came from

"Coach, I guess a fella can't put they build great men as well as anything over on you,"he finally great athletes,"he said in a voice said. this was Buddy's "You see, too steady."that none And wasCOAL graduates last game. He nawe'll wars, the make the in the by

spring."tion acquainted with that fact next

lose claimed. a basketball "You'd hastily shoved coach the Then A. "So that was it,"the Coach exyear. You watch our smoke!"a give to chance game Buddy closed his office of and to the out boy

! last his contest play in Why you door. the

young imbecile!"Coach Crowley

xsst..wrssar went red in the face. "Do you

know that game was for the con- Y<OUNG Horton was ference championship?"he roared. whistling merrily as he stamped up

Knight Spring Canyon the steps of his father's home. He

Coal has a fine, straight walked through the hall and into grain that breaks evenly, I WO points of fire the living room where his anxious nickered in the blue of young Horparents waited up to assist him almost without slack. ton's eyes. with his injured ankle.

This means that when "Yes, I knew it,"he said firm- "Weill"Father Horton exyou order a ton of ly. "You said, yourself, that the claimed. "Ankle must be better."

Knight Spring Canyon tipoff in center meant no more "Yeah, lots better,"Heart reas off his coat plied eight outside. points than and at the he threw Coal you GET a chair. into points were ahead plumped twenty and a full We cleanest, Utah's ton of the "I understand!"don't Mother threefourths gone."game was

hottest, hardest coal. Coach Crowley leaped to his Horton said, putting her arm a-

feet and faced the younger man. round his shoulder.

Customers who want "Another thing!"he exclaimed. Young Horton grinned. "Nope,

coal comfort will specify "How was it you voted for Buddy I guess there's lots of things that

Knight Spring Canyon. to play this game? You were the parents can't quite understand,"

only one."he said, "But coaches and basket-

"It was Buddy's last game,"the ball players can. Got a piece of

youth repeated firmly, his blue pie? KNIGHT

FUEL CO.

L. E. ADAMS,

General Sales Agent 818 Newhouse Bldg.

Salt Lake City, Utah The Improvement Era for December, 1929 167

How About the knowyour children,how to givehowgoodmuchgifts moreunto guidea tractcontinued,on the subject?""Would Withyou likeinUnworthy Son? enshallgiveyourgoodFatherthingswhichto isthemin heavthat Theterestguideshe said,gave her"I surelyJohn Morgan'swould."

ask Him?"(Matt. 7:11) Plan of Salvation, or Where we By JOSEPH S. PEERY here, are and from, came we Why say, will I say and you God die. Where we when we go a a never turn ear to deaf Square, to a comwill()N Temple said: F. President Smith Joseph

child. repentant tourists, the guide was pany of as the Gosbe as broad "Try to

is as itexplaining work, Temple said: Christian lady anpel."The devout Savior "And The

taught by the Latterday Saints. swered: "Yes I agree with you if I be lifted up, will draw all menI,

A devout lady listened for awhile when you put it that way."The unto me."(John 12:32)and then said, "The Temple work

for the dead sounds good, but the great trouble with it is, it is not true. When we die our lot is forever the determined by way we Confidence Buy With LOGAN GARMENT COMPANY Where Quality is life. lived in this Therehave With Wear

no chance for repentance in the Satisfaction and Workmanship hereafter."Are Sold At

The guide said, "Let us go into WhereAre GreatestSavings Moderate Prices this question further and when I LOGAN.UTAH

finish I feel sure you will agree with me."The lady answered, "I OTTO MEHR, Manager

shall listen to your explanation, 400. Med. weight. Cotton $1.25 304. Silk and French spun worsted. Wool

style wt. mixed. Either Med. $2.70 High Cotton. Grade Peeler Lt. Combed be able to change X104. not you willbut

wt. fine, either style Extra 2.20 Silk Garments. best Dulenza grade The 374. matter."in themy belief grade High Peeler Lt. Cotton. X104B. Combed style 2.95 New

fine wt. Either style Bleached. Extra 2.40

stripe, cotton Silk 1.85 mix 604. wt. Carded Cotton. Either style. 2.50 proceeded: guideHTHE wt. heavy worsted Extra Carded wool and cotton Bleached. Cotton. "I was X304.X304B. HeavyHeavy 741.

Either style style -* talking Either a group of tourists 4.60 mix. to 2.70

recently about the beauties of the 10% extra for sizes larger than 44 bust, or "double backs."

eternal family relationship, that Write for Samples Use enclosed coupon when ordering direct. Made to Mcasuri

those given me by the authority of the Almighty will belong to me LOGANQuantityGARMENTStyleCO.,No.Logan, SexUtah. Bust LengthPlease send| Sleeveme the followingHeightsuits ofWeightL. D. S. Garments:Pricethroughout the endless ages. A

gentleman interrupted to ask, 'How about the unworthy son?'I answered, 'You or I might have an

unworthy son who forgets the Name teachings of his youth, starts out Street City.State

in the world with a determination to live his own life as he wants to live it. So he takes the bit in his

teeth and runs away. He is gone a

long time and then returns home saddened through experience. Hesays, 'Father, I have been disobeYOU CAN ASSIST

dient but I have learned through In the DEVELOPMENT of YOUR COMMUNITY bitter trials that you are right and by Patronizing your LOCAL DEALERI am wrong. Now I want to repent

and do better. Won't you please REMEMBER—

anothertake and give me me back Your HOME MERCHANT is a Convenience as well as a youchance?'would What or I Necessity.

do? Would we give him a kick You can See and Inspect your Purchases from Him and Receive

and slam the door in his face, or his GUARANTEE of SATISFACTION.

would we take him in and treat He Contributes Largely to the Support of Local Churches, Schools, him kindly?'Colleges, Charitable and Public Institutions.

"That is merely marking practical application of Christ's beauMONEY—

tiful parable of the prodigal son. Which you send to Distant Points for Supplies NEVER

Is God less forgiving?"RETURNS to BENEFIT YOU or YOUR HOME TOWN.

OUR Father in Heaven loves his than more much children we ThealfLafce says: Biblelove our children. The

all are over mercies tender"God's /Hardware@o.

Pocatello, Idaho Salt Lake City, Utah (Psa. "God'shis 145-9) works."

mercy endureth forever."(Chron. Grand Junction, Colorado Wholesale Exclusively Boise, Idaho

16:34). "If ye then being evil

168 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

No Sans Frankincense and Sweeter Music Myrrk Than The roof tomorrow. Timothy(ContinuedWaite'sfromhollypagethrough108) a big black muff.

a first rate carpenter. Mr. Chessar The holly was a luxury. She had

was here tonight. He said he'd bought it just before boarding the

have the lumber up in the morntrain. It was the first real holly

ing. He put Timothy Waite in she had ever had and it was wineVIOLIN charge of the thing. Told every to her spirits. Even now when she

and it's the ideal man to be out with his hammer at saw holly it startled in her that

Christmas Gift! eight o'clock."reminiscent surge of expectancy.

"Who's Mr. Chessar?"

gun. big the the owner, "Why,

in for OHE was so happy she Len'll be going. be I must

his supper soon. He'll be famfelt she could walk on air. Perished. Oh, it's so thankful I am haps that was the reason, as she

for the work. Len's the best husleft the train, that she miscalculated

band and father in the world but the height of the step from the he's never himself when he's out ground.it by severalAt anyinchesrate andshe wouldmissed of a job."

Clarise prepared her supper on have gone on her head but for her grille. She was hungry and a quick hand that caught her. Then

eyes together cooked quite a meal. It would be just a flash—their

exhilarating to have a man coming she groping for speech. She never

to thought thank him. "Merry in famished. For was want whoSPECIAL the Christmas"were only words studied she better of amusementStradivarius Model fertheir that tone came but was the question, the might "Who

startled she vent. looked and He BrandNew famished been?"have man

full fled the length the platform of even not was Not Jack—he train. to waiting her was ThatVIOLIN Earl. the OUTFIT among eligibles—nor all! Violin thoroughly of seasoned made wood eligible there enough, but was He top of finely spruce, of back figured maple. life girl's be indeed bare must A careful selection of material, The well as as It Earl. too have was might much

the fine gives workmanship and like fasten to incident a meagre on dear old been Glenn. a is rich, was symthat He responsive. mellow and finish, TONEartistic

it for that food. romantic But beautiful with rosin, case, bow, COMPLETE pathetic she but never could have

rest. chin and meagre. so not His was his jokes. survived eyes—was Guy And all her similar musings the best friend a girl ever had, but Why did

end just here?A $60 OUTFIT it never could have been more than

Special friendship for them.

the 50 next day ALLWhile $riA sweet were hammers rang. They

They Last Oi"NCE and once only as Christmas bells to everyone. 29. had the tinder of her emotions There was no longer any doubt $10 Cash—$5 Monthly really struck fire—and then so brief about the children's having a real

Or $27 Cash With Order knowna flash. him.She wishedShe sometimesshe couldimaghave Christmas.The warehouse roof was finished

ined he might have been the man. early Wednesday. Mr. Chessar

she was just very young and was there to give the men theirFREE TRIAL No, read too had many romantic paid for checks. were well They THISMAIL TO CONSOLIDATED COUPON stories, and was especially time. suscepover Everyone State was happy. interested instrument you are in and it

will sent be 5 to you Days'on tible that day. liked TRIAL FREE she had My, the all over and School was without if in a advance, penny or pay you

it since him. that But in was advance, if not satisfied within back money sat Clarise gone. her children had

days. 10 100 instrument one or Whether imagination romance had woven piled high desk, her to tidy down send State today. instrument coupon want. you

about him. If she had seen him with Christmas presents.

Your name again or known him undoubtedly Ruefully she regarded a baby's he would have "petered out"like record book bound in white satin.

Address. the rest. Maude Flint had been so proud of

It was at the Christmas season, her offering. "Brother died and

their brief meeting—all of fifteen Ma says there won't be no more."

years ago. It was her last year at Clarise wanted to laugh, butCONSOLIDATED Normal College. She was going couldn't. What was this desperate

loneliness the at holidays. throat? clutching for the her home At Music Company

cars. before there she to been Always had had

VISIT IN SALT LAKE Junction US WHEN suitcase at a in She mother and Christmas one had home changehand—in121 So. Main—Salt Lake the other she clutched a bunch of time. She wished she hadn't deThe Improvement Era for December, 1929 169

clined Aline's invitation to spend did not. The silence as they stood for the men. That is what I really

the holidays with her and Bob and hand in hand at the window—that prayed for and I knew the warethe children. If she only had some was eloquent. house roof was not the answer."

place to go. It was hard getting conversation "I've got some boxes out in the back to normal, but some way they car for each family—nothing

managed it. much, but since I've got this news

step the in like to I'd a I've HEAVY put thinking been to help get in to "I A came youhall. Clarise shapely her pinched about in note each I just a writing. one—something with menose handkerchief. her She with for mill the at work, reporting great received

snivellittlenews—confirmationcould bear to be caught not It's late a. too 8 2nd, m. January East. the a big order from onling. to the door back Her was bestenographer, get of to hold my as as mill the soon reopen We'll she didand turn immediately. not interested sides I've heard how possible."

visitor addressed back: her The people's. these in been you've

"So you are the young lady I Christmas. Thought you might

have to thank for all this trouble. <LARISE gave a haplike to be in on the secret. What it

have that I doneWhat G there will be work really was that brought me in here you should py cry, "Thenpray the roof warehouse?"off my

"I—why, it came off?"hard—and youI didn'tsay pray a bit

Clarise arose and faced him with a SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES roguish smile. OFFER

"Mr. Chessar!"Her eyes met

his and she turned much paler than SPECIAL WINTER the occasion warranted. EXCURSION FARES

face LR. Chessar's FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR OGDEN

too.was a study,M so It changed

suddenly from jocosity to deadly TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA earnest. "The Christmas girl,"she SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

heard him say. She had no idea

how it happened but the next inTO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING stant her two hands were being DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00

held very tight.

Proportionately low it isn't "I the usual thing, know STOPOVERSfares from all ALLOWEDother points ATin UTAH,ALL POINTSIDAHO and MONTANA.but never to I'm going go let you

again. I've been looking for you TICKETS ON SALE DAILY COMMENCING OCTOBER 1st

for years."FINAL RETURN LIMIT 8 MONTHS FROM DATE OF SALE

It was pleasant but Clarise was For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE not going to be such an easy mark. PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT

She drew away from him. 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY "Is this the form your punishPHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

ment always takes?"She struggled

to make the remark seem casual.

"No, not always."

"Only when the offender is an old schoolteacher."maid SAINT GARMENTS LATTERDAY "It's use, eyes no my Factory Save Agent's Our Modern toldhave line so. dear—yourThat's a me Style. order, MadeCommission—Buyindividual to DirectOLDfromor NEW

from a song, but it's none the less Samples submitted on request.

true. You do remember me For LADIES For MEN

No. No.and have you of thought me maybe

$1.25 12 Med. Light Ribbed.95 Flat 81 $ Weavetwice in fifteen these years. Our 1.50 Fine 93 Ribbed Extra 1.25 82 Light Weight.... Ribbed

paths have crossed again at last. 83 Fine Quality Cotton 1.50 16 Med. Heavy Cotton 1.50

Q,ual..... 1.75 925 Extra Wt. Med. I'll this Lisle....After take 1.85 chanc862 Mercerized Fine more no 074 Med. Unbleached Heavy

1.5 Silk Stripe, 822 Med. Wt.es; 1.95 path coinyours Cotton and must my

1.75 Stripe.. Silk Cotton 1.95 821 975 Extra Fine Med. Wt. Heavy alcide. it has time Christmas At 2.50 930 NonRun Rayon Stripe, Silk 870 2.50 Wool.. Part 2.25 Cot. Coarse Hvy. 90 Extra probable seemed most weways 829 1.95 Rayon 2.50 Stripe.. Silk 970 Light Med.

should meet, for I've always 826 Super Quality Rayon 2.75 9107 Wool and Cotton Mix.... 3.75

light Style, weights specify to or Be OLDthought of you SURE NEW "as the 'Merry to legs according short sleeve with threequarter made and areTEMPLEusually Girl.'Christmas sleeves with long regularly the weights are heavy made PATTERN,

and long legs.

In ordering, to insure good fit, give bust measure, height and weight. Garments marked, 15c pair extra. We prepay postage to all

parts of United States. that did not get Hi.E Quality Highest—Prices Lowest

piece;speech out all in one no! my

too confused to and excitedHe SALT KNITTING STORE LAKE words. At anybe eloquent—withwas Store in Utah Oldest Knitting 70 Main Street, Salt Lake Cityrate Clarise all understand he made

that he said and a great deal that he

170 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

was something stronger than mybitter cold night but the car was self. But the real question is how cozy. Clarise was not used to such

I could have gone by day after day luxury. She accepted it, however,

without realizing you were inside."without comment. They said butGood "But have you gone by day after little. Not a word that might not

day?"have passed between strangers since

"No, just two or three times he had spoken of his children and since you've been here, but that's their mother. He seemed to haveAdvice... three times too many. I've got to lost some of his assurance.

run up to the warehouse to go over a few things with the foreman.

this all too soon B->UT Could you-\ 1 see to the notes while It he over grand adventure and was m gone?

"Gladly."was walking with her up the path

Select Your the"I'veway, broughtI hear you'vethe paper.been makBy thatThe eveningcame toostarsoonbrightenedto her indoor.the

ing toys of everything under the west. Overhead the sky looked

sun except paper. I'll have to deep as eternity.

teach you better cooperation."Clarise had just decided noth-(EtfriatmaB ing more was going to happen

when he spoke:

THEY both laughed. "I'm coming for you tomorrow

"You look just like you did that at onethirty. It's a forty mile day at the station, only—ride and the housekeeper will have

"Much older."dinner ready about three. You can

"No, but much more kind."size us up altogether."

"It was so good of you to get "Wouldn't some other time be the in time men their checks Clarise. to go better?"stammered for their Christmas Springtown NOW! to is just for one's fam- "Christmas

things."iiy.;;

forfrom our Carefully If possible"I hate everythese man'scommunitySanta Claustrees. "That's why I'm coming

held eyes and His met hers the you."children—that's say them. won't no?""You I know. I've twoSelected and forideal.his Youownsee

Extensive childrengoing to ofdomyme ownout andof myno Santaone's "No"No."what?"

I if—'no'say "No, won't help it."job if I canLine.... Claus ifs "Let's leave the and at home felt dizzy. Clarise "Oh-h-h!"

"Are you married then?"Invollock the door."He squeezed her

untarily the question sprang from hand and turned away laughing, her. She shuddered to hear it take 'Til tomorrow, then."

form in a ridiculously thin wail.

"Their mother died several years ago."Hi.E had reached the

came back with a bound. He took The Deseret lifeClariseof her saidshe couldnothing.not. SheFor wasthe gate when he turned suddenly and

tenderly. he each one dear,""My

were he a as though taking News 'Press relieved when he left immediately. saidher two hands in his and kissed

29 Richards Street IT was just dusk when vow.

he returned. He insisted that Clarise There was no doubt about the

go with him to distribute the boxpossessiveness of that pronoun,

Clarise, as she turned out es, his thought he needed being that excuse BE INDEPENDENT light, the the she family each took thought and where him to show Vocation So Profitable her No Other as for her to condiment lived. with bed ENROLL NOW

Course at the The evening gave promise of a dreams. For a Complete

Quish School of Beauty Culture

The Best in the West 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH For Further Information and Catalog Call Wasatch 7560 or Fill in This Coupon The Improvement Era for December, 1929 171

The Dance of Life {Continued from page 127) MISSLOU SHRIMPing to the emotions, strength to the will, and to harmonize the feeljust the thing for parties ings and the intellect with the body which supports them. It cannot As charming in coloring as in flavor,

be said that these functions of shrimps lend themselves admirably to the dancing are yet generally realized, decorative arrangements, their pink confor many people have considered trasting pleasingly with the green of letit undesirable. If dancing entuce or parsley.

gendered morality, there was a time Once you try MissLou Shrimp you when morality, grown insolent, will appreciate the wide utility no less sought to crush its parent. Purithan their attraction as a food and the

tanism frowned upon dancing and ease with which they may be served.

denounced it as wicked, making no SHRIMP SALAD distinction between good and bad, Season one can of MissLou Shrimp well pieces celery; chop a few

add. overnor asking what would be the subwithwell withsalt anda littlepepperonion, and Pour

stitute when dancing was cast out. this mayonnaise sauce, and garnish with sliced

Someone has said that the drinkhard boiled eggs, lemon, beets and celery tops.

shop conquered the dance, and Write Us for Recipe Booklet alcohol replaced the violin. MerrillKeyser Company

From the wider viewpoint, such Manufacturer's Agents—Merchandise Brokers

conditions are not permanently 328 West 2nd South Salt Lake City, Utah destructive, for the art which has so long been at the base of things asserts itself afresh. Dancing is the

loftiest, the the moving, most most When YOUR Building BURNS allbeautiful of because the arts, it is life itself; it is the only art of There's a certain amount of comfort to know that should fire destroy your building

which we ourselves are the stuff. tonight that you are covered by fire insurance. Such insurance will indemnify youDancing has always possessed symbolic significance. "I for the loss incurred and allow you to rebuild without financial hardship. It's worth One said,

doubt not yet to make a figure in a good deal to have this protection in these times.

the great Dance of Life that shall See our agent in your town.

amuse the spectators in the sky."

The dance is at the beginning of art, at first creand the end. The

ators civilization of the Utah Home Fire Insurance Co. began

pattern of the dance, and ever since HEBER J. GRANT 8 CO., General Agents

philosophers, with muscles strained 20 So. Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah

to the breaking point, have gone on adding to it, and trying to make out the secret of the pattern.

TIME TO REFORM Recreation

System food buyer, it is time to reform. You are/\VER tury threequartersago, a band ofof apeoplecenIf you are not by this time a regular O. P. Skaggs

marching across the plains in suffering needless disappointment and loss of time and search of a land in which to wormoney, if you are still securing your groceries from ship freely, learned to sing and the old style grocery stores and ordinary "chain"for theirdance, wise leader knew stores. The O. P. Skaggs System stores are likethat sociable disrelaxation would

pel dull care and fatigue. neither of these outof-date institutions, either in

That leader was B r ig h a m service, quality of foods, or cleanliness.

Young, who knew nothing of organized psychology, but whose religion touched the mental and physical, as well as the spiritual lives of its members. The "MorCLP.mon"Church regards wholesome "Officie.ntSKAGGSService

activitiesleisuretime as vital, and

STORESprovides for people its young a FOOD System splendid program of cultural recreation.

172 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

The First White Man to View theGreat Salt Lakerz (Continued from page 125) CatiUof*CAS AND OIL CO. V coast the entire length of California of these primitive red men, savages;

and Oregon and then returning via of the wilderness, were being made.

the Columbia. This eastern, seventeen year old

Always next to Jed, sat the "explorer,"later called a "Prophyoung blacksmith, Jim, whose et,"was being visited this very year, monument now stands in the 1823, by a brother to the ances15 Mount Washington Cemetery, tors of the Indians. To him was.

Kansas City, Missouri, declaring shown some golden records, giving to the world Bridger's fifty years the red man's history in manner SERVICE of fearless explorations. As we never before understood. This

shall learn, Jim became the first eastern trailbreaker was soon to open stranger gates than those adSTATIONS white man to see the Great Salt in Salt Lake County dauntlessLake. NextFitzpatrick,to Bridgeranotherwas theof manmittingof theJedEastandknewBridger!of the West,This,

Jed's companions. They together in vision seeing its valleys and

Owned and Operated found South Pass, "the Highway speaking about "Zion flourishing

Entirely by to the Pacific,"and it was through in the tops of the mountains, exthis doorway that Brigham alted above the hills."But how

Salt Lake People Young and his scouts entered the could these rough frontiersmen,

Rockies twentythree years later. camped on the Cheyenne in 1823,

i i i Here also was Major Andrew Henknow the future of the Rockies?

ry, the man "holding the bag,"

as; 701 W. 8th So supplyingwith the meansmostofofproceeding.the explorersAt LINTERESTING

Was. 1501-2 the head of the group sat William were Jim's Indian battles of that

Henry Ashley, a general in the second summer, we cannot narrate,, iiiwmmi army and later a U. S. congressthem here. We shall, nevertheless,

man from Missouri. He early made let Neihardt give us one night athimself famous on the upper Colotack: "Scarcely had each sentry

his 'Inthe mess with word, rado river. at the waked look we Now ENSENSlEWELERS juns', there the of broke out when gray bearded II MAIN ST. J EST. 187 3 powerfullybuilt,

rifle fire crack of hush the running Glass, the grizzly fightbear Hugh er, of whom Neihardt wrote a comand the 'wheeoo-punk'of a flight falling about camp. For Diamonds plete book, "The Song of Hugh of arrows

trapper a shrill in swore note Some next, Etienne for Provot, and Watches Glass"; pain. the mingled howl Then are of river and Provo whom Provo

Come to Jensen's named; then William L. Sublette, of many savage voices swept down

the old reliable the trapper first taking wagons to the hillside, and with the rumble jewelers. the Great Basin over the Oregon of galloping hoofs the attack was;

Trail. There were many others, launched upon the trappers.

WRIST including Louis Vasquez, Bridg- "Howgh! Howgh! Howgh!

WATCHES er's partner at Fort Bridger and one On came the howling riders, with metal bands of the first non-"Mormons"to shadowy in the starlight and seemopen a little store in Salt Lake ingly the more formidable for their

Special $10 City, carrying supplies to Bridgvagueness. Scarcely heard aboveer's Fort for emigrants on the the tumult of the terrified horses,

Others $5 to $100 Oregon Trail. Here also was Ed some of which had been struck by Rose, the outlaw, the pirate of the arrows, the men behind the bagMississippi, now fleeing from jusgage were shouting to each other to

Beautiful Diamond whomtice; Jacksonis named andJacksonWeberHole afterand waitthree untilor fourthe foerifleswaswentclose.off Onlypre-

Rings Webereagerly river;waitingothersan opportunitywere there, forall maturely."Surely in a moment more the

stamping themselves indelibly into charge would sweep right over the $50—$100—$150 the history of the great West. camp!

"The whole breastwork of baggage blazed roared! and The "Watch and Repairing Jewelry

1 forshould in ponies not front reared shadowy WiE of Sponsors the Correct Time that Over KSL get, however, while the likescreaming. campcollapsed Some

fires lighted the in western figures the- a shadowy dream, and through ENSENSlEWELERS far in the East woods, rifles, remarkable spreading the of the smoke II MAIN ST. U E ST. 167 5 discoveries regarding the ancestors hastily trappers reloading, saw the

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 173

scattered war party flying back up the slope. With a yell the white

men leaped over the baggage and of insome them rushed among the fallen 'lifting ponies, Indian the A Gift for the Entire Family hair'of the dead and wounded Make Them All Happy By

Rees. the excitement "When had Myers Automatic Home Water Systemabated examination and an of camp was made, two trappers, Anderson Mueller Warm Air Heating System

Neil, dead.and were found Also Crescent Circulating Heater veteran, he ofthe old the many

tales, coolly announced that he had (Coal or Gas) an arrow in his 'humpribs'that Westinghouse Farm Lighting Plant would have to be 'butchered out,'gift of any one of the above will give each member of youras he expressed it—an operation A

which, after lighting his pipe, he family the greatest pleasure.

underwent without an outcry. Several of the horses had been woundCall on our nearest branch or write direct for full information.

ed and some would be lame. In

the morning, while the herd was Consolidated Wagon 8 Machine Co* grazing outside of camp and the SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

cooks were getting breakfast ready, UTAH 40 BRANCHES IDAHO

Neil and Anderson were buried, the ceremony consisting of a prayer by <0f>-0 4OHC H()XI4

Jed Smith, who, according to the 004B<1 consensus of opinion, seemed most likely to be heard. Very little was

said about the two for whom a Multifone permanent camp had been made Trade Mark Registered there by the Grand. They had

been 'out of luck'and were 'rubbed out.'So it was."RADIO EXTENSION

SPEAKER AND J\S the trappers moved BringsSET yourCONTROLradio to westward, Old Hugh Glass, havevery room of your ing had a terrible encounter with The MultiFonehome. is easily

a huge grizzly, was found limp connected to any Radio and unconscious by Jim Bridger. As SmallSet.Cost

the men approached Henry's Post For Descriptive Literature Write Great Convenience across the hunting grounds of the FRANCIS M. McKINNEY, INC. Dealers Wanted

Crows, far in the distance a gallop223 So. State St. Salt Lake City, Utah

ing band of warriors decked in *n.o-Bii

paint and feathers sped with alarming boldness toward the trappers who, being warned by the outforposts, preparing were another THE BRICK MAN anirralsbattle. all the pack When

were unloaded and a breastwork baggage, of the stacksmade of To The Improvement Era, we extend the Greetbeast, andbehind it huddled man waiting half breathless for the savings of the Season and our sincere wish that you ages'wild attack. Shoulder to and your organization may receive a full measure

shoulder crouched Jed and Jim of Happiness through Service.

ready for the struggle, but each feeling sure the Crows would wait And to the readers of the Era, we express the for darkness before swooping hope that in the year to come we may merit your down on what really appeared a confidence by constantly striving to serve you.

formidable enemy. Then to the

surprise of everyone, three Crows, May Christmas prove a joyous occasion for both stripped of weapons, came fearand the New Year bring good fortune, happiness lessly toward the white men, makand success.

ing signs of peace. Rose, the

their signoutlaw, understanding | The Salt Lake Pressed Brick Company talkinglanguage, hurried forward in a pantomime fashion, seemingly 319 Kearns Bldg. Salt Lake City, Utah

fully understood by the red men. Phone: Was. 951

After a brief period the chief rode j ltOW<!-l '>-( )0>(liMb ->4B*(> -J <lBI)WMI1

174 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

out of a thicket on his white horse while the rest of the group were

Attention Church andand Ashley.togethr theThegroupwhitemetmanHenrywas soonUponto bereachingforgotten.the "medicine

Officials welcomed into the Crow's hunting springs"(Soda Springs) for the ground, for the chief's people had first time, the white men halted, to do and much trading needed tasted, drank, bathed, and and then things, especiallyHeadquarters for seating Chapels, many powder in time spent some a "recuperating

Amusement Halls, Class Rooms and and lead to be sent against the sojourn."Many were the superSeminaries with Pews, Portable Folding dreaded Rees and Blackfeet, the stitious tales told by the Indians,

Chairs (both wood and steel), Tablet avowed enemy of both the Crows who declared that the Great Spirit

Arm Chairs, Kindergarten Chairs. and the trappers. Neihardt says, hovered near the springs and had

"The night was given over to placed "healing medicine"in the

Best possible prices on all office feasting and trade; and, through waters, so that old and young alike

supplies, furniture and equipment. old Rose as interpreter, the trappers might gain new life from the eftales exchanged Indians and of fervescing regular "Pool fluids—a sides prowess, backed up on both spot of Bethesda."ThisChristmas Suggestions by an eloquent display of scalps—henceforth was known amongfromthe

Library globes, home blackboards. Blackfoot, Gros Ventre, Rees! Had trappers as the "Beer Springs."

the white man fought, and did they The men now made their way Christmas cards, educational hate the Blackfeet with a big hate? southward, following the great

games and books. It was enough. The Crows would bend of the Bear River, into WilHome of the Mimeograph and be friends forever!"And so they low Valley, a place soon to be

Mimeograph Supplies were. The united bands pushed known as "Cache Valley,"because

on to Fort Henry. of the many fur "Caches"made

here, waiting for the rendezvous.

for time HEN the Wi it arrived, UtahIdaho School the fall hunt was de- A]LND now comes BridSupply Co. cidedBridgerthatshouldSmith,strikeFitzpatricksouth withanda ofger 1824,to the beforefront! theIntrappingthe late seafall

"Everything for Office and School"small party along the eastern borson was over and Bear River closed 155 So. State Street der of the friendly Crow country. for the winter with its usual ice

river sheet, the men having followed the Salt Lake City Up the valley of the Powder they journeyed until Smith sepstream most of the summer around arated, working to the westward. the great bend, starting north and

As we read in the first story, it was now going south, began making at this place that Jed met disaster wagers as to where the deceiving at the hands of a grizzly. Away river emptied. Some of them were

to the south near the Sweetwater, sure it turned off into the ColumFitzpatrick and Bridger were inbia, while others believed it went formed by a Crow chief that the off by itself to the Pacific. To set-

"Indian Gate"to the mountains, tle the difficulty, and incidentally an easy trail, led to the westward, to get the wager, the young blackand that following down the other smith manufactured a bull boat, side one would reach the "Siskadee and with his rifle and other "necesAgi"(Sage Hen or later Green sities"pushed off, waving a fareRiver), where the beaver were so well, possibly for a month, or even plentiful that "one could knock a year—maybe, forever!

over all one wanted with a club."

(Article by Solitare, St. Louis

Weekly Reveille, March 1, 1847.) L.N 1859, G. K. Warren, managing the western U. S.

Topographical Engineers, pubIjora DIAMOND 1 HE next spring, 1824, lished a comprehensive report in gBOYD PARKqualty Fitzpatrick and Jed leading the reference to the various claims reway, with the and Jim and Provot the "Indiscovery of garding

Set in a TRAUB in the as company, they crossed follows: Sea,"land concluding Orange others Genuine

Ring Blossom the Continental Divide as has been the that convinced "Being down to to Ring Wedding article. narrated trappers, in our second the of the American At days Match

the close of the summer rendezvous Great Salt Lake had never been

it led a trappers band of obtained, I adWyoming, about knowledge PARK BOYD on the Green River, southwestern seen by white men, nor definite

Sublette, as Bridger having an dressed a letter to Robert j/'by CampJEWELERS 166 MAIM STREET SALT LAKE CITY outpost scout, fell upon the Bear bell, Esq., of St. Louis, a gentleStcoftrnomoretohupfrom or Boyd fork. River near for somewhat his acquaintwell known below man

CREDIT ItDESIRED* Evanston, the early what is Wyoming. ance with Rocky now MounIt was not known then that the tain fur trade."It should be noted

young scout and blacksmith, here, that this Robert Campbell is

Bridger, was on his way to fame the same Campbell that came to

The Improvement Era for December, 1929 175

the Mountains with Ashley in 1825 and who later was employed by Bridger and knew the general history of the rendezvous. Thissame Campbell was the leader of December Health

a large brigade of trappers who fought the Indians at Farmington, Our living habits in cold weather often causesUtah, in 1826. The following

is the reply to G. K. Warren's letconstipation which, in turn, may cause digestive

ter: disturbances, boils and other skin troubles.

"St. Louis, Mo., April 4, 1857. Fleischmann's Yeastfor-Health relieves these

"Dear Mr. Warren:

troubles by banishing the cause, constipation. It "Your favor of the 25th ultimo

reached me at a very fortunate pealso supplies the "sunshine"vitamin most needed riod to enable me to give you a satat this time of year.

isfactory reply to your inquiry as to who was the first discoverer of People gain in health by eating the Great Salt Lake. It happened Yeastfor-Health.

that James Bridger and Samuel Tullock, both met at my counting house room after a separation ofeighteen years, and were bringing FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST up reminiscences of the past when SERVICE your letter reached me. I had it

read to them and elicited the following facts:

"A party of beaver trappers who had ascended the Missouri with

Henry and Ashley found themselves in pursuit of their occupation ONDER

River, Bear (or in Cacheon WilITS Valley,low) they wintered where in the winter 6f 182425; and MADE OF FINE INGREDIENTS

in discussing the course which the

Bear ran, a bet was made between and the party, and Jamestwo of selected to the RICHER IN MILKBridger follow was course of the river and determine the bet. This took him to where IT'S SLOW BAKED!-

the river passed through the mounTO BRING OUT THE GOODNESS tains, and there he discovered the

Great Salt Lake. He went to its a-tn OF IT ALL. [>-**<>4H<l

margin and tasted the water, and on his return reported his discovery. The fact of the water's being

salt induced the belief that it was an arm of the Pacific Ocean; but in

the spring of 1826, four men went in skin boats around it to discover (EIjriatmaB if any streams containing beaver were to be found emptying into it. Mr. Tullock corroborates in every and tlfr Tjinliimp

respect the statement of James

Bridger, and both are men of the For the Best Puddings, Pies, Cakes strictest integrity and truthfulness. and Candies

I have known both of them since 1826. James Bridger was the First

Discoverer of Great Salt Lake,"Use

The change in type was Mr.

Campbell's manner of declaring expressively what he thought to be the exact truth in the matter. Utah Beet Sugar

There is None Better 1 HERE is, however, another claimant to be considered, a valiant trapper belonging to the Flavor With Sugar and You Flavor With Health

AshleySmith group, Etienne Provot. (Not Provost. In the

176 The Improvement Era for December, 1929

French the "t"being silent, it is James Bridger and his companions

Index pronouncedsee "Catholic Provo,Church innotUtah,"Provot,by thencame thatstridinga discussioninto camp.arose Itaboutwas

Reverend W. R. Harris, D. D., the unexplored waters, but as the to Advertisers L. L. D.) It is reported that at "daredevil Bridger"had already

Company Page the time of the Bridger incident, been upon the lake and had proBeneficial Life Insurance Co Provot with his band of trappers nounced the water "salty", having

Back Cover were gathering beaver on the upper tasted it, to him was given the

Boyd Park Jewelers 174 Weber, a stream named for one of credit.

Butter Krust Baking Co 175 his men, but as winter set in, bringing its usual mountain Capitol Gas Oil Co 172 storms, the streams became frozen, 1 ODAY most of the

City Coal Company 162 making successful trapping imposauthentic documentary material

College Boot Shop 164 sible. Provot, seeking an open gives the discovery of the Great

Consolidated Music Co 168 valley for his pack animals and his Salt Lake to Bridger, these writers believing the that reached followed Provot encampment, own winter

Consolidated Wagon & Machine the river, passing between canyon a few the Weber mouth of 173 down Co.

precipitous walls (the Devil's Gcte weeks if not months after Bridger

DaynesBeebe Music Co 98 in Weber canyon) soon found had made his trip to the lake. No

Deseret Book Co 155 himself emerging into a large valmember of either party of men in

Deseret Foods Corporation 159 ley. Proceeding west to the presthe spring of 1825 fancied that this

Deseret News Press 170 ent site of Ogden, he saw the great stretch of water was an inland

Electrical Products Corporation shining waters of the Inland Sea lake, having no outlet to the ocean.

of Utah Inside Front Cover to the westward and pronounced A year later, however, the waters

Fleischmann Yeast Co 175 it the Pacific or an arm of that were circumnavigated by four men ocean. Early the next spring, of the Bridger group proving conFrancis M. McKinney, Inc 173 while he was still in "Winter clusively that it had no outlet to

Gerald E. Bowman, Inc Quarters"on the lower Weber, the ocean.

Inside Back Cover Glade Candy Co 160 Henager's Business College 165

Intermountain Lloyds Inside Back Cover Sailor's Superstition Saves SKip

Jewelers. 172 J. S. Jensen & Sons,

Knight 166 Fuel Company incident of it strove also bitten. to were As REMARKABLE A

Ladies'Upstairs Shop 161 *- its bite everybody, head cut I had a sail- * good, accruing from

Logan Garment Company 167 or's belief in omens, occurred in the off and its body thrown overboard.

MerrillKeyser Company 1 7 year 1857. Captain Johnson, of

ship the the to flew bird "When the "Ellen,"Norwegian Bark who Mountain States Implement Co.

little east a of were going northwe fortunately fortynine picked 1 6 3 up

I regarded appearance the of the east. of the passengers of crew and Nordic Distributing Co 157

as this visitor an winged and omen after the steam- "Central America,"

P. Skaggs O. I indication that an change must 171 er arrived in sunk, had York New

Pembroke & Company 158 on the 20th of September and my course. I accordingly headed to

Pioneer Mattress Factory 160 made the following singular statethe eastward direct. I should not

Quish School of Beauty Culture ment: have deviated from my courre 1 ad

1 7 "Just before 6 o'clock on the not the bird visited the ship; rnd

Regal Cleaning & Dyeing Co. 158 afternoon of September 12, I was had it not been for this change of

Royal Baking Co 159 standing on the quarter deck, with course I should not have fallen in at of the the crew two others the same with passengers fortynine Salt Lake Cabinet & Fixture time, at beside the tha helm. man cer- I rescued from almost whom Co. 1 62

flew a bird me, Suddenly around tain Folk Lore and Salt Lake Costume Co 156 death."—From right shoulder. first grazing my Sciences. Ancient

Salt Lake Hardware Co. 167 Afterwards it flew around the vesSalt Lake Knitting Store 169 sel; then again it commenced to

Salt Lake Pressed Brick Co 173 circle around my head. It soon

face, hold I caught and at my Sego Milk Co 164 flew of it. unlike bird any was The Southern Pacific R. R. Co 169 that I had ever seen. The color Mass Participation

Sugar House Lumber Co 161 of its feathers was a dark iron gray; TS your contest drawing young

Utah Gas 8 Coke Co 97 the body was perhaps a foot and a 1 people into participation for the

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co. l 71 half in length, with wings three first time? It is suggested that each

and onehalf feet from tip to tip.

contest UtahIdaho School Supply Co. be paralleled Churchwide fully eight inches a beak had 1 74 It feature, a dancing the ward. As like a teeth long, small and hand in

UtahIdaho Sugar Co 175 saw. In capturing the bird it gave try using the fox trot of the conUtah Radio & Television Co.,.15 6 me a bite on the thumb; two of the test dance, and have everyone in

crew who assisted in tying its legs the ward dancing it.

THE HOME COMPANY INTERPIOUNTRIN. LLOYDSCity, Utah Third Floor Deseret Bank Building Salt Lake

L. R. CONELY, PIXTON, President SETH

E. CLEMENTS,SecretaryCashier and Treasurer W. Asst. to Pres A. L. THOMAS,

W. S. SMITH, Claim Adjuster

INTERMOUNTAIN LLOYDS is in the second year of operation and our success is due to our being a HOME

ORGANIZATION, furnishing the people with insurance at REDUCED RATES and promptness in the adjustment of claims.

"We take this opportunity of extending to our patrons "THE SEASON'S GREETINGS."

DIRECTORS ALEXANDER DANIEL F. P. CHAMP E. L. BURGON City Salt Lake Logan. Utah Salt Lake North

L. R. CONELY S. G. DYE CLEGG PETER City Salt Lake Utah Tooele, Utah Ogden,

L. MORRIS M. NYE NEPHI FRED A. T. BUTTERFIELD City Salt Lake Utah Ogden, Riverton, Utah

PIXTON SETH M. PETERSON JAMES W. S. CHIPMAN City Salt Lake Richfield, Utah Fork, Utah American

L. SAMUEL CHIPMAN STEPHEN PLATT CLARENCEBoise, IdahoT. WARD Reno, Nevada Fork, Utah American

PUGH WILLIAM J. L. FIRMAGE W. HART JOHN Evanston, Wyo. American Fork, Utah Idaho Rigby,

L. W. SHATTUCK L. R. ANDERSON E. A. WALTERS Falls, Idaho Idaho Manti, Utah Falls, Idaho Twin

FIRE AUTOMOBILE PLATE GLASS BURGLARY

BONDS

|>HfMM)'a<t<MK>4Mfr4IattV

i>iimn>t>i>ltH iWIIi>B(ll'M $600.00 Per Year for Life

(Ask Anyone)ROMOLA Does a Lifetime Income of Approximately $50.00 per Month

Interest You?

Call or Write

GERALD E. BOWMAN, Incorporated,

Gerald E. Bowman Intermountain61516 ContinentalSales AgentsBankRomolaBuilding,Incorporated,

(INCORPORATED) Salt Lake City. Utah.

Gentlemen: Kindly furnish me. without obligation

Intermountain Sales Agents on my part, details of your grapefruit project.

ROMOLA INCORPORATED Name 61516 Continental Bank Building Address

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH City - * *'* * I* -r -*- *- * -*- -"

Is Your Future Assured?

A Beneficial Policy Will Assure You The Best Possible Protection and

Investment You Can Procure For Yourself, For Your Family.

INSTALLS A CONTENTED MIND—FREE FROM WORRY

Our Accumulative Savings Fund Policy Started Now, Guarantees That

The Full Amount Will be Available to You or to Your Loved Ones

Even Though You Only Live to Make But One of the Annual Payments.

Think it Over—Then Act at Once While You Are

Able To Secure Protection With

Vhe BIG HOME COMPANY

WHERE YOU GET

Participating Insurance At Low NonParticipating Rates

ALL BENEFICIAL POLICYHOLDERS SHARE IN OUR NET EARNINGS

Total Paid Policyholders Since Organization $6,350,884.50'

YOU NEED OUR INSURANCE WE "WANT YOUR BUSINESS

BENEFICIAL LIEE INSURANCE CO.

Home Office, Vermont Bldg., Salt Lake City

—ISSUING—The Best There Is In Life Insurance

E. T. Ralphs, General Manager Heber J. Grant, President

"> > '> m<