Vol. XVI MAY, 1913 No. 7

ORGAN OF THE.PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, THE YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL

MPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURCH OF

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD AT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Joseph Smith as Scientist Cloth Binding - 75c

History of Joseph OmiinSmith ByMotherHis Cloth $1.00

BEFORE THE SMOKE Morocco $2.50

CLEARS AWAY On your Arestricken shop, factory, SEND ORDERS TO office or store, you can resume business if insured with us. No long

unnecessary delays in adjusting, nohaggling over terms; but prompt payImprovement Era

ment of losses every time. It's to our 2022 Bishops Bldg., Salt Lake City

again—weInterest to canget youinsureset youup inagain.business

HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTAH

J.Heber Grant &

2026 So. St. Salt Main Go.City. Utah Lake

BOTH PHONES 351 Jos, Wm. Taylorn

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel. Private

Parlor, Show liojms and Morgu8

OFFICE OPEN E AY AND NIGHT

21, 23 and 25 South West Temple St.

n SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH EVERY HOME SHOULD OWN AN Autopiano THE ONE PLAYERPIANO THAT NEVER GIVES TROUBLE WRITE FOR SPECIAL PRICKS AND TERMS

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE "ERA"

AT SHOSHONE FALLS THERE IS A PLACE UPON THE SUMMIT OF A

ROUNDED KNOLL WHERE. OVER A FOREGROUND

OF PORPHYRY AND CEDARS. ONE OBTAINS A MOST

STRIKING GLIMPSE OF THE FAMED SHOSHONE.

FROM THAT SPOT CAN BE SEEN THE VAST. GRAY

WALLS OF THE CHASM. THE GREAT ROCKS. ISLANDS

REALLY. THAT CROUCH OVER THE FALLS'BRINK.

AND THE WATER. IN WONDROUS FORMS OF BEAUTY

AND GRANDEUR. BEATING ITSELF WITH ENDLESS

ROAR INTO FOAMDUST ADOWN THE SHELVES. AND

VANISHING INTO THE MISTY VOID. IN THE BACKGROUND IS A FLATTOPPED BLUFF. A SQUARESHAPED MASS OF BLACK LAVA. SET LIKE A KEEP

IN THE MIDST OF THE INSPIRING SCENE. AND FAR

BELOW ONE'S FEET THE FALLEN RIVER SURGES

TO AND FRO IN ITS MIGHTY BASIN. AND THERE

IRIS WEAVES HER SEVENTINTED BOW. STANDING

WHERE THE TUMULT IS WILDEST. AND THE SHATTERED FOAM LEAPS THROUGH THE CLOUDS OF

SPRAY IN SHOWERS OF SNOWWHiTH ROCKETS.

A. L.

AT SHOSHONE FALLS Photo by Nephi L. Morris

Improvement Era Vol. XVI MAY, 1913 No. 7.

Opposing Tendencies in College Life

BY MILTON BENNION, M. A., PROFESSOR OF PHILOSOPHY, UNIVERSITY

OF UTAH, ON LEAVE OF ABSENCE

It is the purpose of this paper to direct attention to two manifestly opposing tendencies in current college life. One of these

may be described as the tendency to make the college a means of entrance into "society"and the sporting world. It is seen in the

prominence given by groups of students to "society"affairs and sports as primary interests in college life. This, and the consequences following from it, is the basis in fact for charges against

the college, such as those made by Mr. Crane.

From this point of view the college is a place where young men frequently acquire the tobacco habit, the liquor habit, the gambling habit, and may even get initiated into the life of the underworld as a climax to the class or the fraternity "bust."That

this is true in some degree of many colleges is a fact beyond dispute, witnessed not only by enemies of the college, but by some college men who have been through the whole list of vices and on to the gutter, but who have reformed and are now giving their lives to Christian work among college men. One such worker has

recently had personal interviews with 1,500 college men who are now serving terms in prison for crime. He reports that almost

uniformly these men attribute their own downfall to having thoughtlessly entered upon a "society"and sporting life while in college. "I did not think,"is the general cry of regret. So this

reformer is calling with all earnestness upon college men to think, indicating that it is possible for men to go through college without thinking of matters of most vital concern in life.

Rich young men are able to meet the heavy financial burden of "society"life, and even to pay the money cost of dissipation, but many men of moderate means have thereby been led into habits of dishonesty. This has happened also to sons of the rich when

they could not otherwise get money when they wanted it. It accounts in large degree for the 1,500 college men prisoners mentioned above.

658 IMPROVEMENT ERA

These are facts which can be confirmed by college men, both in and ont of jail. They are recorded here, not for the purpose of

depreciating college life, but to show that there are dangers here as elsewhere, and in the belief that the college, like many an other institution, owes itself a thorough housecleaning. If this is not

attended to by the college itself, it will be done by the public to the great discredit of the college.

This housecleaning is now being done in a vigorous way in some of the leading colleges and state universities—directly by

calling upon students to think of the consequences of foppery and dissipation, and indirectly by fostering an opposite ideal. This

opposing ideal is that of social service. It is illustrated in social

settlement and kindred activities carried on by college graduates with the cooperation of university departments devoted to the scientific study of social problems. A prominent professor of

sociology has called this ideal that of a "latterday saint,"intending thus to indicate the likeness and the difference between this ideal and that of the mediaeval and the ancient saint. Both are

ideals of service to fellow men, but the saint of former days went about offering such relief as he could to his fellows, with little effort to abate the sources of suffering. He manifested a maximum of sympathy and devotion with a minimum of knowledge of

the nature of society and the causes of social ills. The saintly

ideal of a modern college calls for as much sympathy and no less

of sanitary science, industrial and business principles—knowledgedevotion to a cause, but it calls also for infinitely more knowledge

and methods, and practical politics. The result is that the modern

saint is not simply carrying bread to the hungry and medicine to the sick; he is removing the causes of poverty and sickness

cleaning up and renovating the slums, supplying the needy with pure food at cost, promoting educational activities among the poor (adults as well as children), and, in the mean time, forwarding the enactment and enforcement of suitable laws to make secure these reforms, such as tenement house laws, pure food laws, and strict sanitary regulations for residences, business houses, and factories.

While the above mentioned problems are characteristic of the great cities, there are others as worthy of attention that pertain to life in the country. Of these we may mention the revolutionizing

of the country school, and the organization of civicsocial centers for the patrons of the schools. These centers aim to promote

elevating forms of amusement, to develop good taste in art and literature, to disseminate knowledge of rural sanitation and of current social and political problems.

The open country naturally offers more fresh air, sunshine, and room for the distribution of filth than does the great city; but

every observer must have noted that in the country and the small town there is unlimited opportunity for the modern scientifically

OPPOSING TENDENCIES IN COLLEGE LIFE 659

trained saint to exercise his powers in bettering the condition of the people.

In both city and country people are generally very ready to abandon the worse for better conditions when they see the difference between their conditions and their possibilities. Who should

be better able to point out this difference and lead the way in realizing possibilities than the men and women who have had the advantage of higher education? And who should be more ready

to serve the public than the men and women who have had this advantage at public expense?

politicaluates—manyState educationalof whom institutionsnow hold responsiblein connection with their gradoffices—and

in cooperation with able men and women whose training has been chiefly in the school of practical experience, are now rapidly bringing about these reforms. It is a difficult and often thankless task,

likely to be opposed at many points by powerful financial interests and bossrule politicians; but with unselfish, persistent effort behind the reform movement, it is sure to receive the approval of the

masses of the people. The part that colleges and universities will

play in this forward movement of civilization is the justification for higher education at public expense.

MADISON, WIS.

Photo bv Hamilton Gardner.

ON THE TEMPLE SITE, JACKSON COUNTY, MO.; THE REORGANITE

CHURCH TO THE LEFT Little Problems of Married Life

RY WILLIAM GEORGE TORDAN

XX—The EbbTide of Love

The saddest thing in married life is the drifting apart of those who have lived and loved for years in the sunshine of each other's presence. It is just a heart tragedy in the life of two. The

greatest trials of life are not those which come to us from the world outside the home, but those from the world within. With

the inspiring pressure of "the hand we love held tight in our own, the battle of life can be borne bravely, but when the refuge of love and mutual respect and esteem is swept away, the very bulwarks of the home seem gone.

Occasional discords, misunderstandings and little clouds of unhappiness, may not be serious. The sun of reconciliation may

scatter them, and in the balmy atmosphere that follows they may be forgotten. But it is different when love itself grows cold, and

respect for each other, which is so able an understudy to love, goes on a long vacation. Then inharmonies intensify as the days

go by; antagonism on the basic questions of life grows more bitter; grim, hopeless silence takes the place of speech, or the atmosphere becomes vitiated by hot words of recrimination and contempt. There is sometimes an indignant outburst of anger at

white heat that is not so awful as it seems. It may be the fierce

flame of protest from the heart that shows the fire of love is still burning; but constant, cold, dead sarcasm and bitterness speak

only of embers.

This condition is not a matrimonial duet; it is a matrimonial

duel. When either husband or wife speaks woids meant to sting,

phrases seemingly innocent to others hearing them, but which are deftly loaded to annoy or madden as they relentlessly find their way through the vulnerable point in the armor, it is time for those two to declare a truce and to hold a speedy peace conference or there will not be enough love left to hold an inquest over. They

may even grow to hate each other's ways, moods, acts, and turns of speech. The voice once loved may now sound shrill and hard;

the step on the stair which was sweet music may seem a jarring discord, and the rippling laughter may strike only a vibrating note of vague rebellion. This surely shows Cupid is getting ready for

a postmortem and a dead happiness will soon be buried.

*Copyriglit. 1010. hv Firming H. Revcll Cnmpnny

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE 661

Sometimes the growing separation is on one side only, and one still loves with the old intensity and the old hearthunger. As

absence is always harder for the one left behind, so this twilight of love is most painful to the one whose love is still constant. It

is the dead nerve that carries no pain. The finer nature suffers

most in life, as variations in temperature that may disturb the sensitive soul of a violin are powerless to affect brass cymbals.

There may be a conscious effort on the part of the one who Joves it, not toto disbelieve in the growing separation—not to credit

realize it. nor to accept it for a moment as a possibility. But

sometimes a word, a look, a sentence or an act makes further selfillusion folly, as a lightning flash may reveal to a traveler an abyss at his feet.

The smile that was the light of our life no longer cheers us the caresses that told of love unstinted are withheld; the tenderness that seemed as sure as sunrise or sunset has turned to doubt,

and the one who still loves may battle hopelessly when all life around him seems to move in a fog. At such times despite every

wisdom of heajt and mind, one can never say the right word or do the right thing. Heartstrings of sentiment, that once vibrated at

the slightest touch and brought out in an instant a flood of music from the finest memories of the soul, are now mute. No explanations, no pleas, no baring of one's very heart, no illumination of

the subtlest windings of thought and emotion can vanquish that vague something that separates.

We may stand brokenhearted by a wall of separation made up of gossip, fear, doubt, suspicion, injustice, and misunderstanding, with that most helpless of all despairs when we see love that was our whole life, and still is all that makes life worth living, swept away as one would watch from a distance a boat carrying a loved one swept by the rapids over an engulfing cataract. This

is the time when memories of past joy rise like ghosts and bring only pangs of pain, when love's dead roses leave us only the thorns.

Love rarely dies a sudden death. It is usually ailing a long

time before its decease. Little ills that could readily be cured in

their early stages are permitted to run into more serious conditions; complications set in, and love, with its vitality exhausted

through long suffering, finally dies. Love's neglected colds often

develop into consumption. Prompt treatment with a little unselfish care, tender watchfulness and cheerful, patient nursing may

restore love to perfect health.

The great things that separate two who have loved are usually only trifles grown big and tyrannous through being ignored, basic evils in the character, temperament or disposition of either that should be silenced and conquered in the best interests of both.

Even disloyalty may be only the climaxform that hearthunger

662 IMPROVEMENT ERA

neglect, loneliness, jealousy, vanity gone to seed, revolt from an atmosphere of nagging monotony, unsatisfied longing for sympathy, injustice, idleness, longsuffering, or a dozen other phases may finally assume. Any of these may furnish the soil in which it

finds root and sustenance. Sometimes it is the fault of one

sometimes husband and wife both are to blame. The "innocent"

one is often unknowingly, and perhaps even recklessly, an accessory before the fact.

The way to prevent the ebbtide of love is to determine at the very start of married life that there will be no ebbtide. Sometimes husband and wife, really loving each other as of old, wander

blunderingly apart through pettiness, pique, false pride or misunderstanding. Often with hands outstretched in the darkness, just

hungering for each other, almost touching, when a motion, a smile, a term of endearment, a lovelight in the eyes of either, would bring them conquered and submissive in each other's arms, yet a recklessly indiscreet word, a mean taunt, a psychic moment of possibility passed by unheeded, or a silence that seems cruel, may drive them still further apart. The stream of fine sentimenc

and heart emotion should sweep them out of themselves; sometimes it backs water and engulfs them.

It really seems that some people do not want happiness or they would not dodge it so successfully, and begrudge the trifles it takes to secure it. People who would be shocked at the bare thought of

actually destroying a twodollar bill often toss idly aside the happiness of two for the merest trifle. Life is too short and love too

great to sacrifice one hour through pettiness. What matters it

whose the fault or whose the forgiveness? It is a very poor

brand of personal dignity that dares to throw its desecrating shadow between them and the joy of reconciliation and new bonds of love.

When the realization of the waning of love comes, the two should seek to forget for a moment the differences, the saddening changes, the cemetery of dead memories and buried emotions, and try to get back somehow to some common ground of unity and understanding. They should seek to gather together the trifles

of sacred things not yet lost. In the thought of these there may

be a vitalizing flame of the old love flashing out from the dull gray of the ashes that will burn away the dross of discord and misunderstanding.

Afgument itself rarely counts; this is but an intellectual appeal; what is needed is an emotional inspiration. We should recognize conditions fully for our own guidance in action, but it is

not wise to make evident our pain by pleas and protests. Cruel

words meant to sting can be neutralized to a degree by showingno sign of being affected by them. There is a yellow streak of

cruelty in love grown cold; it likes the cringing that shows its

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE 663

power. Studied neglect and cool indifference are rarely continued

if they are received with an innocent absorption or preoccupation they cannot penetrate. There is really little fun shooting with

these blank cartridges. An unexpected kindness, a note of tenderness in speech or act, the regenerating influence of the sweet

sentiment and graceful attention of the earlier days of loving, may melt a mood of opposition that any argument would solidify as heat sets clay.

Trying to get back to the fork of the road where parting came may illuminate life and show the insidious element that keeps apart two who should love each other. In the care of a garden

elimination of the weeds and thethere is a twofold duty—the

planting of the flowers. In the home life the dual duty is specially

vital; when discord reigns there should be at least the negative

virtue of avoiding subjects of inharmony, of cutting off those things that intensify differences, of stopping the fire of verbal grapeshot that sting like needles. It is a time for antidotes, and

a blister. It is the hour when two people should work—notif you cannot possibly give an antidote, in mercy give a poultice

overtime making allowances for each other, and pack their sense of wounded personal dignity away for the season in tarpaper, for it is in the way during such a crisis.

In a storm at sea everything is sacrificed to save the ship count for nothpersonal discomfort, suffering, trial, hardship—all

ing if the vessel itself with its people be kept afloat. When the

lifehaopiness of two hangs in the balance, when love is sinking in a night of doubt, there should be a supreme effort to save the ship. Throw over pride, selfwill, pique, dignity, fear, selfishness,

all little pet vices if necessary, sacrifice every wrong and even iust to save the ship. Love is the most valuableminor rights—

cargo on the ship of life. It is the greatest thing in this world

and the only thing that will make the next worth the living. The

ebbtide of love is the saddest thing in a true individual life. It

is a life's folly to let love die if aught we can do will keep it real and living.

["Holding Monotony at Bay"is the title of the next article in this series.]

They had just renewed their acquaintance after five years.

"Ton my word, Miss Weatherby,"he said frankly, "I should hardly have known you, you have altered so much."

"For the better or for the worse?"she asked with an arch look.

"Ah, my dear girl,"he said gallantly, "you could only change for the better!"

Customs and Legends of Utah Indians

BY ENOCH JORGENSEN, PRINCIPAL JORDAN HIGH SCHOOL

II.

Joshua's Terry's Story* Father Joshua Terry, (if Draper, Utah, is one of the few men now living who knows Indians as they were in Pioneer days, and who can speak of life at Fort Hall, and at Fort Bridger, as it really was in those strenuous times.

Father Terry was born in Home District, Canada, Aug. 11, 1825. He was

baptized a member of the "Mormon"Church, June 20,1840. He pissed through

the Missouri persecutions of the "Mormons"with his father's family, and later settled in Nauvoo, 111.,

where he assisted in the erection of the Nauvoo Temple. In 1846, he, with

the main body of "Mormons,"was driven into

Iowa. Soon after he pooled

his interests with an old man, Levi Savage, and tojoshua terry gether they came on to

L tali in Geo. L>. Wallace's Company, arriving in Salt Lake Valley

Sept. 26. 1847. He assisted that fall in the building of the Old

Fort.

He drove the first team around what is now Beck's Hot

Springs, in Davis county, and in Oct., 1847, he walked over to

*Related personally to the author by the old scout and pioneer, Joshua 1 erry. in December, 1912.

CUSTOMS AND LEGENDS OF UTAH INDIANS 665

Church Island in Great Salt Lake on dry ground. He and Savage

worked at odd jobs in the harvest field and the canyons, and soon after their arrival made a camp on the Little Willow Creek, now

Draper, Salt Lake county; Savage then married a widow whom

he had met on the journey. Then Terry's troubles began, for this

woman proved to be a termagant, and Terry "had to get out or starve."He was given one peck of wheat as his share of the

pooled harvest earnings, and with this and his gun he started for pastures new. It chanced that James Pollock, an overland freighter, was camping in the valley, on his way to California, so Terry

hired out to this man agreeing to give his services, his peck of wheat, and his gun, for transportation and board to California.

They went as far as Fort Hall, on Snake river, when a report of Indian troubles on the Humboldt reached them, and Pollock decided to abandon the trip; he got in with the agent at Fort Hall,

and left Terry to herd horses and do drudgery around the camp while he spent his time at the fort. With no prospects of getting to California,

Terry became discouraged, and decided to try something else. Through the influence

of Pollock, the agent at Fort Hall refused to employ him, even for his board, and hence, it was either be a slave to Pollock or strike out afoot and alone without gun and almost half naked to try to find some other fort or some Indian camp. He says

"One kind heart at Fort Hall, a Doctor Rogers, gave Photo by C. W Carter.

me some dried biscuits and a JIM BRIDGER, WESTERN SCOUT little jerked beef, and advised AND PIONEER me to try to reach Fort Bridger, two hundred miles away. This was in April, 1848, about two

months after our arrival at Fort Hall. On the way I lived chiefly

on segos and the thistle root; my moccasins were badly worn, and

666 IMPROVEMENT ERA

my feet often raw and bleeding, so I could not travel fast. The

only human beings I met on the way were some roving Indians;

east of Soda Springs I came across one lone tepee, and to the inmates I made signs for food and sleep. An old squaw was good

to me, and here I began to learn the Shoshone language.

"the best supper of my life"

"The old mother prepared a soup or broth from the paunch of an antelope, without salt or condiment of any kind; the entire

paunch, contents and all, was boiled in a kettle and I was given a liberal very good. I slept well in the tepee, portion—it was good,

and next morning, after another portion of the paunch broth, I went on my way.

"After this I met but one lone Indian who had some buffalo meat which he sold me for a little ammunition I had saved. The

native took special pains to instruct me how to prepare the meat and how much it would be safe to eat at a time, as it would prove to be a very strong physic to the beginner, especially to one famished as I was.

"As soon as I reached Fort Bridger the sun seemed brighter.

Good Old Jim Bridger employed me as a regular hand, and I worked for him two years. He was a man of honor, rough and

ready, but he had a warm heart, and he proved a friend to me in every way; so, life at Fort Bridger was pleasant, interesting and

free..As all the honest men there had squaw wives, Bridger insisted that I should take one. My Indian wife was good and

true, and she loved me with a devotion unsurpassed. When I became ill, and she had done everything possible to relieve my suffering, she and others around concluded I could not live, so she

left camp, and soon came back saying she had taken poisonroot, as she did not wish to live when I was gone; but I got well, and

she died a martyr to her love.

"Shortly after this, I married another squaw with whom I had two children, George and Jane. George was educated in the

schools of Salt Lake county, and later he became the chief of the

Shoshones, but he was killed five years ago out in Rush Valley.

Jane married and lived in Idaho; she, too, is dead, but her daughter lives there now. The second wife, like the first, was good and

true. We moved to my first home, Draper, where the white man's

ways of living in the house caused her to get consumption.

THE MEDICINE MAN

"We sought what medical help was then available in Draper an Indian medicine man happened to be camping at Union Fort, so I took my wife there. T agreed with the doctor that if he could

CUSTOMS AND LEGENDS OF UTAH INDIANS 667

cure my wife he should have my best horse; but if no cure, he

should get nothing. He began immediately a systematic rubbing

and sucking of spots on portions of the body seemingly to draw inflammation to those spots. He did actually seem to draw something from the skin, and the pain would be eased in different

places, for every now and then he would spit into his hand a pulpy substance that looked like liver; this he would examine carefully

and then bury it in the ashes. He worked faithfully until neatmidnight, and then he said it was no use to try further, as the

woman would die before the sun rose again. I asked him how

he knew, and he said he could see her spirit in the lodge, and it would not leave even for a moment; she seemed to be unconscious. He explained that if the spirit would go off, and come

back, she might get well. 'But it won't go away, can't you see it

there,'he said, 'so I know she shall never see the sun again.'She

died just as day was breaking, and I took her back to Draper and buried her. We had lived together seven years. My first wife

lived two years after our marriage; nine years in all I lived with

Indian wives, and they were happy years."

COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE

"How did you court your wife, and what was the marriage ceremony?"I asked.

"We didn't do any courting. Several bucks offered me their

daughters, I looked them over, picked out the one I wanted, gave the father a horse I had earned, for the girl, and we went off together and that was all there was to it."

"Did you have any ceremony?"

"The girl came with me to my tent and began her work, and that was all. The average price of a wife was a good horse. If

the father said 'go'she went; but now it was up to the husband tc

treat her so she would stay."

DIVORCE

"No, there was no divorce other than if she didn't like the man she would just leave. It was his business to provide for her

and make her love him. There were some separations, but seldom

any after children were born. The grasswidow was not imposed

on; she might marry some one else. No, she did not become a bad

woman, in fact sexual relation out of wedlock was most rare.

White men's actions in this regard were often the cause of trouble.

POLYGAMY

"Yes, polygamy was practiced without much fuss. Occasionally the old squaw would pull hair with the young one, but

668 IMPROVEMENT ERA

oftener would pay little attention to her or would treat her as a daughter. No, they did not have many children, i. e., not many

were reared; but many died as infants. All might live in one

tepee, or perhaps each squaw had her own lodge. But the buck

didn't pay any attention to little differences in the family.

THE SICK AND AILING

"Little attention was given to minor ailments. But in real

sickness, the Medicine Man was called. He v.T?.. always deformed

in some way from birth, and he was usually spiritualminded.

He offered a few simple herbs, did much rubbing (and sucking the skin in certain diseases), chanted incantations, etc., until he was

convinced there was no hope, then the patient was neglected and just left to die, often carried away from the camp and abandoned."

Mr. Terry then told of a case that came under his personal

observation

BURIED ALIVE

"Indians were camped near Draper; a middleaged man was

very ill and no remedies gave him any relief. He was taken up

into Bear Canyon, and covered with brush and rocks, only his head being exposed. A few days afterwards he came back to the camp,

and he lived with his tribe for many years. No, he did not consider he had been unjustly dealt with."

THE AGED AND INFIRM

While a youth hunting in the mountains around Grass Valley the writer frequently came upon lone old Indians who had no regular tepee, but usually were in a rude brush camp or in a cave under some overhanging rock. On more than one occasion they

asked him to share his sandwiches with them. He didn't understand then why they were thus alone, but he has it from Mr.

Terry, Mr. Behunin, and others that they were the old and infirm

left to die

"When they no longer were able to care for themselves and were a burden to the tribe,"says Mr. Terry, "they were given ten

days'ration of food and then left to die. Relatives would usually

be on the lookout, and come later and either throw the bodies into a crevice in the rocks or cover them with brush and earth. Independence Rock on the Sweetwater was a common place for such

burials; there were many deep cracks in that great rock mass.

CUSTOMS AND LEGENDS OF UTAH INDIANS 669

FAMOUS DURIAL GROUND

"In a side canyon near the Sweetwater are six or eight large mounds or heaps of cobble, tens of thousands of stones. Legend

says this once was a famous battle ground between the Arapahoe tribes and the Shoshones. Indians regard the place with veneration and never would camp near it, in fact, Indian superstitions regarding the dead are very marked and may be said to be part of

their religion."

INDIAN SUPERSTITIONS As a youth I often wondered why Indians avoided certain ideal camping places, i. e., ideal from our view point; but I learned

later that they never again would pitch tent where one of their people had died. To avoid such a spot they often make camp far

from water and in what to us would seem to be most unsuitable places. For this reason, too, they often remove the sick and dying

far from camp and abandon them, especially if they are in a place which they do not wish to leave. Father Terry confirmed my

observations in these things, as in all others here recorded, of manners and customs of Western Indians.

SANDY, UTAH ["Superstitions and Legends"is the title of the next chapter in this series.]

Vocations The father of a bright young son went to a wise friend for advice as to what profession the youth should be fitted for. The sage was

brusque. "Let the boy choose for himself,"he said.

"But,"protested the father, "he's too young."

"Well,"responded the wise man, "put him in a room alone with a book on theology, an apple, a knife and some small change and see what he plays with. If he chooses the book make a minister of him;

if he takes the knife make him a surgeon; if the apple, he'll make a

farmer, and if he chooses the money, a banker."

Much relieved, the father went away, but returned the next day in great distress, saying the plan hadn't worked at all.

"Why not?"demanded the wise man. "What did he do?"

"When 1 went in,"said t lie father, "he was sitting on the book, with the knife in one hand, and the money in his pocket, and eating the apple."

"Ah!"said the sage, "that's easy. The boy is a naturalborn

lawyer."Ladies'Home Journal,

ICE CONE ON THE SNAKE OR SHOSHONE RIVER

Photo by Nephi L. Morris

Pres. Nephi L. Morris, in describing this natural wonder, says

"This very singular ice formation was made by a water fall which flows over a basaltic ledge about 250 feet high, which forms the south wall of the Snake river, immediately opposite the beautiful Blue Lakes and the famous Perrine Ranch, about four miles below the Shoshone

Falls. "Before the water reaches the ground, it is broken into small drops and spray which in freezing weather forms a stallactite draping on the somberhued walls of the Great Gorge, and where the main stream falls, forms a hollow cone which bears the appearance of a crater, through the open mouth of which the water passes and flows down through the cubical lava rocks and eventually loses itself in the Snake river. "The wagon road semicircles the crater, midway between the top of the Gorge and the river level. By comparing the wagon with

the crater, some idea may be formed as to the magnitude of the latter.

"Imagine the brilliancy of silver, blue and green hues which the sun would enliven on this strange formation. This enchanting color

effect is only equalled by the marvelously beautiful Twin Lakes which gleam like two colossal sapphires in the bed of the Great Gorge."

Energy*

BY JOSEPH QUINNEY, JR.

To the Man Who Has Quit Trying

Ten fingers, one backbone, a whole mind and a doubtproof heart are all that any man ever needed to do anything.

Why are you holding back? Why do you throw up the sponge?

Why do you whine there's no hope to win?

It's always the right moment to make good. Age is no hindrance

if your ability hasn't grown gray with your hair.

If at any time in your life you had reason to think you could achieve something bigger, it's now. No generation ever enjoyed more

privilege or suffered fewer restrictions.

Yesterdays never are as wonderful as tomorrows. The world

keeps on. It progresses, it doesn't backslide.

Every year the number of trades multiply increases—professionsthere are new ways, better ways of doing old things—shorter paths toold goals—higher wages for lighter labors—enthusiasm constantly

finds wider range-—ideas swing in a broader scope, and imagination's

wings beat with a bolder stroke.

What you regret can't compare with what you can get. Make a

dare and seize your share.

You may have whatever your performances deserve. The only

patent on possession is merit. If you're the better man, your inferiors

must give way and give up to you.

Forget what you were—forget what you had, and come forward.

last.Hope lies beyond the next hill—not behind the

Fears are far worse handicaps than years. If you are down, it's

because you are downhearted. If you are standing still, it's because

you would rather hang back than hang fast.

You're afraid. You've lost your nerve. You simply won't try.

Your mind runs to the past. You've made a rosary of your disappointments and sit counting your lost opportunities.

You can't loll yourself along. You can't reclaim one dead hour.

Your downfall wasn't advertised nearly so much as you seem to think.

A hundred million of us who never heard of you and never saw you are prepared to accept your achievements'valuation and pay market price if you can deliver.

You are an ass if you think that we all recollect your name and your shame and your blame. You're a fool if you think that all humanity has entered into a vast conspiracy of memory against you.

If truth be told, at no time in your obscure existence have more than a hundred or so persons ever heard of you—nonentities aren't

prominent. There are so many people and so few amount to anyis so hard, the fight for daily breadthing—the struggle for existence

so tense, and so many submit to the struggle, that we don't bother to recall failures. It's as much as a lusty brain can do to keep track of

all the noted folks.

*An address first given to the students of the State Agricultural

College, Logan, Utah, April 19, 1912.

672 IMPROVEMENT ERA Come now—piece together the remnants of your selfrespect,

search for a spark in the ashes of your old ambitions and push out into the rising tide—it's a mighty bad wreck that can't supply enough

timber for a raft.

Rip the crepe off your face and face a fresh career. Even if you

repeat your defeat, you can't sink farther than the bottom and you're there now. Selected.

A well directed effort is a conservation of power which produces wealth and happiness. This applies to every avocation in life,

for to direct well an effort, one must have a systematic mind which must be active, energetic and strong, because in the directing of energy, along any given line, there must be a conservation characterized by the best thought. One must think well in order to

bring into his life a happiness he expects to get by the proper use of energy. The opportunities which come to us are perhaps the

result of well directed energy. Opportunity amounts to nothing

unless we are prepared to take hold of it and direct our energies for its development. We are perhaps doing more in the way of

developing opportunities that have been left by our predecessors than in creating our own. The thing someone else has started

to do is in many instances the very thing we are doing, only it is being done in a more intensified way. The opportunity is beingdeveloped. The thought we leave undeveloped others will pick

up, and make opportunity out of it just the same as we are making opportunity out of the thoughts others have left for us. If we

are not qualified to take advantage of, and develop these thoughts, opportunity will slip away from us and pass into the hands of others who are able, and who will care for it, so the direction of energy will either qualify, or disqualify for our future success.

The doing of a thing, and doing it properly, is the foundation upon which good, sound government is established, whether it be social, moral or religious government.

The man who can do things, and get good results, is really the man who is shaping the lives and destinies of others. His

power is being directed for the ultimate good of all. No man or

woman ever arrived at a point in life where their influence amounted to anything without going out to meet and help solve the problems of the day, and make the very best use of every moment of time at their command. There are perhaps more opportunities

now than before in the world's history and it requires the proper use and the direction of energy to develope these opportunities which are ever coming to us. Misdirected energy spells failure;

consequently it needs conservation more than any other thing in life. To conserve energy and direct it properly stands for progress

and development.

The natural tendency of the child is to do something, and it requires close attention to direct and guide it aright.

There is a saving—"It is but a trite truism to sav that

ENERGY 673

no one ever receives an education alone, and the only way we can keep an education is to give it away, and the more people we will it to, the more education we have left."So, in

the directing of the energy we observe in the child, we are contributing to it an education, and at the same time making an education for ourselves. The more we tell a thing the better we

understand it, and the more we understand it, the more we want to tell it, and by reason of this fact those about us grow stronger because of our own conviction and the efforts we have put into it for its development and use.

The thing that is beautiful always suggests well directed energy. We look about us and observe well cultivated gardens,

fields and flowers; our very souls are inflamed with gratitude and

gladness because of the influence divine that they suggest; the

observance of these wellcultivated gardens, fields and flowers biiggest welldirected effort. There is a reverence and respect always for the men and women who have thus cultivated and cared

for them, and we conclude in our minds that there has been more than a physical effort directed, there has been a high, lofty thought.

The moral uplift that this civic improvement has brought about is wonderful, it has given us a higher thought, it has expanded our souls, and brought into our lives an appreciation for the labors of others, it has added to our belief and faith in God; it has added

to our power of appreciation, and brought us to a condition in life where we are better able to direct our own powers, and develop our own souls along higher ideals to bring into the world the most love and good. On the other hand, when we see about

us fields and premises that have been, and are neglected, instead of bringing a better thought and feeling into our lives, we are losing self respect, and also confidence in our fellow man, reverence is lost, and the influence of these people who are owners of these places is at a very low ebb.

In some of the beautiful parks in our country there are beautifully kept lawns, and in the heart of these lawns are planted different designs, among some of these is the emblem of our country, the American flag, the stripes of red and white, and the white stars are growing, blending and harmonizing together most beautifully. Each plant is so separate and distinct that the relationship

of the whole is one splendid inspiration, and produces an appreciation for the efforts of the persons who have thus used their power for the moral uplift of their fellow men. It is an inspiration which

enables one to appreciate more fully the fact that he owes something to himself, and to the country he represents. There is a

suggestion that carries with it a power and a force. It is the

kind of energy that adds to the happiness of the race, it not only exemplifies the true character of the persons whose efforts have made it possible to produce such happiness, but has given an edu674 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cation to perhaps thousands who visit these places from time to time. It also conveys a diversified direction of energy, and also

establishes the fact that we are not to get into a rut, because it is said that "the only difference between a grave and a rut is in the depth and the width."

Allow me here to refer to some of those who have contributed their efforts for the upbuilding of our country both morally and physically. Do you know Peter Cooper? God bless the memory of such men. Peter Cooper was the fifth child on the family

tree; his mother thought he should have been a girl, but Providence

intervened, and he turned out to be a boy. After he had arrived at

an age of accountability, his mother saw her mistake, and made the memorable remark: "Thou art Peter, and upon this rock we

will build the Cooper home."It proved to be a confirmation of

what she had said, for as the years advanced this boy met opportunities; the problems that came to him were cheerfully solved,

and perhaps next to Benjamin Franklin he has done as much good, and brought as much peace and blessing to the souls of men as any other American. He was an inspiration, a tower of

strength. He spent some of his time working for $1.50 a day.

His employer observed in him the amount of service he contributed to his business, and allowed him $50. extra at the end of his first

year's service; $75. at the end of his second year. He was developing rapidly in strength, and he soon became a partner in the business. The habit he acquired of saving more than he spent stands

out as a great moral lesson to the youth of this land. Nothing satisfied this young man but the very best, and after serving his apprenticeship as a wheelwright, he gave to the world the very best

coaches and vehicles it had ever had up to this time. The patent he

had secured from the government on a device for holding spokes intact in the wheels was disposed of for $500. He needed the

money more than the patent. At this time there was a man who had

become very much dissatisfied with the glue factory he was trying to operate, Peter Cooper saw his opportunity, seized it, and the glue factory together with a clear title became his property. The

development of this industry grew and strengthened, because the development of the young man grew and became strong as he managed this business.

One of the great characteristics of this man was never to let go of one good thing until he was absolutely sure that the next thing he took hold of offered more opportunities, and brought better returns. He rolled the first steel rail that America had had up to this

time. He was a successful partner to Cyrus Field who has the

credit of laying the first cable across the Atlantic. It is true Mr.

Field had the money, but Peter Cooper had the brain, and it developed soon after the cable was laid that he became the President and General Manager of the Atlantic Cable Company. This comENERGY 675

pany through the efforts of Peter Cooper brought the civilizations of the world into communication instantaneous and reliable.

His conception of a railroad coming in competition with water traffic led him to make the statement that he would give the world a locomotive that would travel at least thirteen miles per hour, and pull a half dozen coaches or cars, he made an ordinary tank in which to generate steam, took two musket barrels, attached them to the tank, and then into the cylinders, and conveyed the steam through these gun barrels into the cylinders, and thus produced the power which turned the wheels of the Baltimore &

Ohio Railroad. This was the first competition to water traffic in

this land of America. Peter Cooper's energy would not permit

him to be satisfied with the accomplishment of one thing. He saw

the great need of a free public school system and when he advocated the idea of establishing such a system he met with ridicule and much opposition. He took his entire fortune and built what is

known as the Cooper Union. This school has an enrollment of

three thousand five hundred students. There are only three other

schools in America that are larger than this school. I merely mention Peter Cooper as an example of well directed force and energy.

We can all be Peter Coopers in principle, and while we cannot expect to accomplish as much as he did, we can contribute the very best service we have in helping and developing those about us.

Through the quotations I gave to you in the beginning of my address, I want to emphasize and maintain that the yesterdays are never as wonderful as the tomorrows, because, yesterday is neither more nor less than a dream to us; it has gone and passed

from us with all its opportunities and privileges, and leaves us with its experiences; and a vision of hope that is always before us of

tomorrow, and because of this hope that is within our souls the utilization of energy should bring about the determination to bring into the world an influence that will be felt and understood for the moral uplift of our fellow men.

Energy, whether it be physical or mental will make us what we want to be, shape the destinies of others, and will ultimately bring into the world a fraternal brotherhood of onward progress.

There is a power in all we do and say, and in conclusion I desire to quote a poem which has in it literary merit and conveys this principle of energy more forcibly than anything I know of, it is called "Columbus

Behind him lay the gray Azores,

Behind, the gates of Hercules;

Before him not the ghost of shores,

Before him only shoreless seas.

The good mate said: "Now must we pray,

For lo! the very stars are gone,

Brave Admiral, speak; what shall I say?"

"Why say, sail on, sail on, and on."

676 IMPROVEMENT ERA

My men grew mutinous day by day;

My men grew ghastly wan and weak.

The stout mate thought of home; a spray

Of salt wave dashed his swarthy cheek.

"What shall 1 say, brave Admiral, if

We sight naught but the sea at dawn?"

"Why, you shall say at break of day,

Sail on! sail on! sail on! and on!'"

They sailed and sailed, as winds might blow,

Until at last the blanched mate said "Why, now, not even God would know

Should I and all my men fall dead.

These very winds forget their way,

For God from these dread seas is gone. Now speak, brave Admiral; speak and say—

He said: "Sail on! sail on! and on!"

They sailed. They sailed. Then spoke the mate,

''This mad sea shows its teeth tonight.

He curls his lip, he lies in wait,

With lifted teeth, as if to bite!

Brave Admiral, say but one good word:

What shall we do when hope is gone?"

The words leapt as a leaping sword:

"Sail on! Sail on! Sail on! and on!"

Then pale and worn, he kept his deck,

And peered through darkness. Ah, that night

Of all dark nights! and then a speck

A light! A light! A light! A light!

It grew, a starlit flag unfurled!

It grew to be Time's burst of dawn;

He gained a world; he gave that world

Its grandest lesson: "On! and on!"

LOGAN, UTAH

Upton Sinclair tells this story about a school address he once made. "It was a school of little boys,"said Mr. Sinclair, "and I opened

my address by laying a fivedollar bill upon the table.

"T am going to talk to you boys about Socialism,'I said, 'and when I finish the boy who gives me the best reason for turning Socialist will get this fivedollar bill.'

"Then I spoke for some twenty minutes. The boys were all converted at the end. I began to question them.

"'You are a Socialist?'I said to the boy nearest me.

"'Yes, sir,'he replied.

"'And why are you a Socialist?'I asked.

"He pointed to the fivedollar bill. 'Because I need the money,'

he said."Ladies'Home Journal.

Ah! Wild Rose blooming by the rustic way,

Upon the hillside, or in meadows green,

Or by the falling stream and drenched with spray,

Where'er you grow, you still are Beauty's Queen.

Each year, within the shaded mountain dell,

The silken petals in the sunlight gleam;

That gift unto the rose, Ah! who can tell,

Sweet perfume as a dream within a dream?

But once you ope to greet the rising sun,

And one short night you slumber through the hours,

Then drop the faded petals one by one,

Your life and reign are ended, Queen of Flowers!

HOPE.

// IF3k= A Baptist Minister and the "Mormons"

BY WM. A. MORTON.

A Baptist minister of Salt Lake City, some time ago preached a sermon, in which he said:

"Here we have the Latterday Saints. They proclaim themselves

peculiarly chosen men of God, who have reestablished a lost religion.

Would to God it had stayed lost. I have seen Latterday Saints cursing,

swearing, violating God's holy day. But they are saved because they

are baptized into God's Church. All the ceremonial in the world won't

wash away one sin."

Every Latterday Saint who reads this extract will be astonished at the saying of this minister, and will wonder where he got authority for making such a declaration. From the day

of its organization up to the present time, the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints has never taught that people can be simplysaved in the way in which this minister has described—by

being baptized into the Church. We are personally acquainted

with thousands of Latterday Saints, and we do not believe there is one among them who entertains such an erroneous idea. If any

Latterday Saint believes that he will be saved in the kindgom of God just because he has been baptized, he is deceiving himself as badly as this minister is deceiving himself by believing that he can be saved in the kindgom of God without being baptized for the remission of his sins by an authorized servant of the Lord.

We do not believe that any member of the Church ever told this minister that Latterday Saints believe they are saved because they have been baptized into the "Mormon"Church.

We know the reverend gentleman never read such doctrine in "Mormon"literature. Where, then, did he get his authority

for making such a statement? Nowhere. He simply said it in

order to get a fling at the "Mormons."

This minister said he had seen Latterday Saints cursing, swearing and violating God's holy day. Well, we have heard

Baptists curse, swear, and have seen them violate God's holy day, too; and we would have just as good grounds for saying that these

men believed they were saved because they had been baptized in the Baptist church as the minister referred to had for saying that Latterday Saints who curse and swear and break the Sabbath believe they are saved because they have been baptized into the "Mormon"Church.

No good, true, faithful member of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterdav Saints, much less one who curses and swears

A BAPTIST MINISTER AND THE '-MORMONS"679

and breaks the Sabbath, believes that he is saved simply because he has been baptized. We have been taught better things. We

know full well that the only way by which we, as well as the rest of mankind, can be saved is by believing on the Lord Jesus Christ by accepting him as our Lord and Savior; by obeying all his

commandments, including baptism by immersion for the remission of sins; by conforming our lives to his divine will; and by

enduring to the en'd. If our friend knows of anything else that

is necessary to salvation let him tell us, and we will gladly accept it; for eternal salvation and exaltation in the kindgom of God is

the one thing above all others that we most earnestly desire.

"You might as well baptize a bag of sand as baptize a man who has not repented of his sins."This is the doctrine advocated

by the Prophet Joseph Smith and published to the world. Are

we to infer that such doctrine has led Latterday Saints to believe that all they have to do to be saved is simply to be baptized?

Enough.

There is another part of the minister's sermon to which we wish to devote a little attention. It is the wish he expressed that

the religion taught by the Latterday Saints, and which we maintain had been lost to the world for ages, "had stayed lost."No

doubt there are many ministers in the world who wish the same thing. We are not at all surprised at such an expression, for we

know of 'nothing that has troubled the ministers of Christendom more than "Mormonism."It has revealed the falsity of their

creeds and the absurdity of their claim to divine authority, as nothing else has done. It is recorded in the scriptures that when,

the birth of the Messiah was announced, "Herod and all Jerusalem were troubled."People in those days were as sorely troubled

over the announcement of the birth of the Savior as were sectarian ministers in these days at the announcement of the birth of "Mormonism."The same spirit troubled both. But notwithstanding the efforts that were put forth to destroy the Messiah.

his life was preserved, and he grew up and fulfiled the great mission his Father had assigned him.

It has been the same with "Mormonism."Notwithstanding

all Christendom has been arrayed against it; notwithstandingall that has been done to exterminate it, it has been miraculously

preserved; has spread abroad into the nations of the earth; has

delivered tens of thousands of people from error and superstition; has liberated thousands from oppression and poverty, and

brought them to a land of liberty and plenty, yea, "a choice land above all other lands;"it has established in the desert commonwealths which have called forth the wonder and admiration of

even its bitterest enemies. All this our ministerial friend wishes

had never taken place. In his wish, that the religion restored

by Joseph the prophet had stayed lost, he virtually wishes

680 IMPROVEMENT ERA

1st. That the heavens had remained sealed, and that there

had been no more revelation.

2nd. That the Father and Son had remained in the heavens,

that men might continue to doubt the existence of God, and remain in ignorance concerning his personality, his character, etc.

3rd. That the Book of Mormon had never come forth, so

that the world might have remained in ignorance of the origin and history of the great and mighty people who once inhabited this land. 4th. That John the Baptist had not appeared to Joseph

Smith and Oliver Cowdery, revealing to them the true mode and object of baptism, and restoring the authority necessary to officiate in that sacred ordinance.

5th. That the angels Peter, James and John, had not come

to these men, restoring the higher priesthood and the authority to reorganize the true Church of Christ on earth.

6th. That Moses had not come with the keys of the gathering of Israel from the nations of the earth; that the thousands

of people who have gathered to Zion might have remained in

Babylon, partaken of her sins, and received of her plagues.

7th. That Elijah the prophet had not come, in fulfilment of

the prophecy of Malachi, to turn the heart of the fathers to tlu children and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest the earth be smitten with a curse.

All these, as we have said, our Baptist friend wishes had not taken place. But, thank God, they have taken place, and His

name be praised that the power of mortal man could not prevent

it.

She Smiled

She smiled as only angels can,

As sweet, without a guile Where'er I've been in all the land.

Ne'er saw I such a smile.

Her eyes were blue, just like the sky,

So good, and true, and mild, That angels jealously would vie

With this most lovely child.

Oli! sweetest child, where'er you go

May holy angels guard your feet,

May God in heaven keep you so Forever, pure and sweet.

LOGAN. UTAH A J. HANSEN.

Faith and Works

BY J. C. HOGENSON, OF THE STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

Mr. Neal Dow, one of the great temperance workers of the

United States, has this to say on success in life

"The key to success in any department of life is selfdenial. This

means living with reference to the future and not for the pleasure of the moment. Idleness, laziness, sensual indulgence, involving wasteful expenditures, come from lack of selfdenial. Industry, promptitude, economy, followed by thrift, stickto-itiveness, and a successful

career, come from selfdenial. Those fail in life and must ever fail,

who lack selfdenial. Drinking, smoking and other bad habits all

come from lack of selfdenial. If a man, young or old, lives for present gratification, he cannot have a successful future. If one desires

that, he must aim for it, keep his eye fixed upon it, work for it, and avoid everything that will hinder him in the pursuit of it."

As faith without works is dead, so success without works cannot be attained. Success will come to you if you are willing,

as the song says, to:

"Put your shoulder to the wheel, push along;

Do your duty with a heart full of song,

We all have work, let no one shirk,

Put your shoulder to the wheel."

There is an old saying that "God helps those who help themselves."I believe that this is true, and that God expects us to do

all that we can for ourselves, and when that has been done, he will help us along still farther. God has planted in the heart of every

one a liking for certain knowledge or for a certain vocation, and if that knowledge is attained or that vocation followed, that person can become more apt than can a person who has no such liking for that work. Some men become good lawyers because they like the

work, and with that liking they have combined faith and work.

The same is true of every other profession and vocation in life.

A successful physician must know the anatomy of the human body.

He must know the intricate workings of every organ and part of the body. He must know the herbs and medicines that will act

either favorably or unfavorably upon every organ and part of the body. He must know the various diseases and how they affect

the different parts of the body, and how to treat them. When he

682 IMPROVEMENT ERA

has acquired that knowledge, God expects him to use it, and he can do so thousands of times more successfully than can a person without such knowledge.

When a person is sick, and it is doubtful what is the matter, or what to do, I believe the Lord expects us to show our faith by our works, and call in one who has especially prepared himself for such work.

The good book says: "Is any sick among you? Let him call

for the elders of the church, and let them pray over him."This

should always be clone, as it shows our faith in the Gospel of

Christ, and I am of the opinion, too, that with that faith we should in many cases also show our works by calling in a competent physician.

You would not think much of a man who, when he was out of work, sat at home and prayed for work, yet never went out to hunt for it. He would probably sit there a long time before work

would come to him, when if he had shown his faith by his works, and had gone out to look for work he could soon have found it.

So I believe that God expects us to help ourselves as much as lies in our power, and then, when we have done that, he will be much more willing to help us.

Let me close with a quotation from one of our Sunday School hymns, "True to the Faith:"

"Shall the youth of Zion falter

In defending truth and right?

While the enemy assaileth, Shall we shrink, or shun the fight? No!

"True to the faith that our parents have cherished,

True to the faith for which martyrs have perished,

To God's command, soul, heart and hand,

Faithful and true we will ever stand."

So let us always stand faithful and true, helping ourselves to the good things God has given us, keeping our shoulder ever to the wheel of progress, in the advancement of God's work, and thus show to our Father in Heaven and to our fellow men our faith by our works.

LOGAN, UTAH

He was out with his best girl, and as they strolled into the WestEnd restaurant he tried to put on an I-dothis-everyevening kind of look. When they were seated at a table a waiter approached them.

"Will monsieur have a la carte or table d'hote?"he asked.

'"Both,"said the young man, "and put plenty of gravy on 'em."

TitBits.

Midnight on the Desert

BY J. E. HICKMAN, A. M.

Tis midnight's restful hour. The Desert's withering breath

is cooled and softened into a gentle evening zephyr. It comes

like a benediction to the Desert's children and the passing stranger. There is no whir of myriad insect life, no call from the

nightbird, no baying of the distant watchdog; for the children

of the Desert are few, and they are resting from the day's sweltering heat. The night is as silent as a tomb. The only sound

comes from the munching of my tired, horses. Night's blue curtain is drawn snugly down over the western horizon. The plain

is lurid in the moonless air. The mountains are too far away to

be beetling in their heights, yet near enough that their dark silhouettes jut out like sentinels into the blue canopy.

From without the darkness, away on the mountainside, comes the lonesome, yet startling cry of a desert, wolf,—the Arab of the

It was a tenor solo. Then from the hundred voices, coming

from every direction, rang out a coyote chorus. Some voices were

filled with sadness, long drawn out and wailing; others with

tones short and tremolo; still others were sharp and breaking, with

a complaining element running through every cry. It was their

midnight hymn of praise to the Spirit of the Desert.

This lasted for only a few minutes, and closed as suddenly as it began. Again solitude reigned. Never before had the lonesome howl of a roving wolf filled me with such grandeur. My

soul was lifted into the realm of the sublime, for I had heard primitive nature, in the language of creation's mourn, uttering her wild emotions.

vision, Lifting my eyes, and sweeping the heavens with my

I beheld the stellar universes of God. Some of the stars shone

with splendid brilliancy, while others just trembled into sight, like some faint wave struggling to reach a far off land, and dying as it touches the shore. Still beyond lay the Milky Way whose

dustlike path is made of myriads of glowing suns. I longed to

read the book of night and interpret its hidden mysteries, thought of that celestial world, enthroned somewhere away off in the galaxies of stars, which holds in rhythmic harmony the unnumbered worlds. I could conceive of the yibrant force of

Elohim's will, being sent throughout the etherial deeps, carrying his message to beings whose souls were attuned with his eternal in harfiat. Feeling all this, and more, I cried, "O God, put me

mony with the Infinite."

SERMONETS

There are men who have been good all their lives, but have never done much good.

Never pull yourself up by trying to pull somebody else down. You are sure to get a worse tumble than the other

fellow. Besides, it's wrong.

Join the M. I. A., the Sunday Schools and Prof. J. H.

Paul in creating a public sentiment looking to the protection of birdlife in our mountains and valleys. Birds are among

the best friends we have.

When we are tossed into dark corners and thrown into exceedingly hard conditions, yet evidently required to do as excellent and productive work as when we enjoyed greater advantages, our wisest course is to labor on and sing.

Roger Bacon said: "If I might control the literature of

the household, I would guarantee the wellbeing of the church and state."Dr. George H. Brimhall says: "More

yellow streaks are put into men by reading yellow literature than were ever born in them."

What a man says in meeting does not always count; but

if the old dog and the cat follow 'round after him, purring and laughing when he stoops to stroke them, you can depend upon it that he has lots of good streaks about him, streaks that make him a man you can trust. Farm Journal.

The number of automobiles in actual use in this country will this year very likely reach the grand total of 1,000,000, valued at about $1,000,000,000. The figures give a startling

idea of the stupendous growth of the automobile industry in the past few years, and of the change it has wrought in our national life.

There are three good reasons why a boy or man should not use tobacco: (1) it is against the counsel of the Lord;

(2) it is a waste of means and precious time, and (3) it is a serious injury to his physical body. I will not take my hat

off to a person who sucks a pipe or cigarette. I think the

smoker should be made ashamed and contemptible in the eyes of men. President Joseph F. Smith.

IN LIGHTER. MOOD

"Well, Pat,"said the doctor, "J hope your master's temperature is lower this morning than it was last night."

"Well, sur, that's hard to till, sur,"replied Pat.

"Why?"said the doctor, smiling.

"He died this mornin', sur."

Cornering Her.—Little James, while at a neighbor's, was

given a piece of bread and butter, and politely said, "Thank you.""That's right, James,"said the lady. "I like to hear little

boys say 'thank you.'"

"Well,"rejoined James, "if you want to hear me say it again, you might put some jam on it."New York Mail.

The German proprietor of a Brooklyn delicatessen store has got far enough along to pun in English. A writer in the New

York 5mm reports the fact.

Hanging in the window of the little shop is this advertisement:

"The Best You can do is buy our Wurst."Youth's Companion.

Spelling reformers are not without a sense of humor, else their task would be burdensome. Prof. Brander Matthews

said, at a meeting of the reformers, "A friend recently told me that no selfrespecting hen would lay an egg with one g, and that no selfrespecting cat would ever begin to purr with one r. I answered that, on the other hand, no selfrespecting

hen would ever stand on a leg with two g's, and that no selfrespecting cat would allow any one to stroke its fur with two r's, and my argument squelched him."Youth's Companion.

A Washington man one day went out of town for a day's fishing, taking a luncheon with him. When he had reached the

stream where he intended to enjoy his sport he discovered that he had dropped his luncheon somewhere on the way. He hastened

back to look for it. Presently he met a burly darky, who seemed

very well pleased with himself, and who was in the act of brushing crumbs from his lips with his sleeve.

"Did you pick up anything in the road as you came along?"

asked the Washingtonian, with a suspicious glance at the negro.

"No, sah."promptly returned the colored man. "I didn't pick

up nothin'. Couldn't a dog hab found it an'et it up?"

The Gospel to the Lamanites

BY REY L. PRATT, PRESIDENT OF THE MEXICAN MISSION

IX—Hope for the Lamanites Almost Gone

The Spanish conquerors, in their conquests, went forth with the sword in one hand and the cross in the other, and they considered that they were doing God's will by waging a holy war, as well as a war of conquest. They were as zealous to convert

the subjects of the empires they encountered to the Catholic church as they were to make them political subjects of their king.

Their right to conquest might be said to have been granted to them by the Holy See, and with it came the obligation, in their minds, to save the souls of those conquered from eternal perdition, by bringing them into the church, whether by fair means or foul.

The Inquisition, the abominable scheme that has done more to retard human progress than any other ever inspired by the devil and put into practice by his agents here on earth, was brought to bear in all its horrors to force the conversion of the conquered race. Thousands of those of spirit met with the most

horrible deaths, at the hands of their cruel torturers, rather than renounce their own religion and accept that of their hated conquerors. But the pressure brought to bear was too great for the

nation in general, and resulted in their conversion, which, though compulsory, has been none the less lasting, for even to this day the power of the Catholic church is almost supreme in the hearts of the people that received it under the iron pressure of the Spanish conquerors.

With their lands in the hands of the rich, privileged class, descendants of the adventurous Spanish conquerors, and their souls and consciences in the hands and at th mercy of that great and abominable church, the whore of the whole earth, seen and spoken of by Nephi, the Lamanites of today are indeed in a pitiable condition. Robbed and exploited and made slaves of, by the

former, they are none the less robbed and exploited by the latter.

Not an ordinance nor a rite of their religion is administered unto them without they pay the officiating priest for the performance of it. The priest will hold over them the horrors of the awful hell

into which their children will be hurled unless they are baptized, but will persistently refuse to perform the ordinance unless the baptismal fee is forthcoming, even from the poorest and most

THE GOSPEL TO THE LAMANlTES 687

humble. The same may be said of marriage, and of the performance of the last, sad rites for their dead. I have known priests to

refuse a resting place in the burying grounds of the church, outside of which no true Catholic would think of burying his dead, to those whose relatives could not raise the money necessary to pay the priest for performing the rites of the burial. The people

are taught to be doubly sinners by being made to believe that if they can only get the necessary money together to pay the priest, there is no sin for which they cannot obtain forgiveness, and that, too, no matter how many times it may be repeated. They are

taught to make great pilgrimages to little chapels and churches, away off in remote parts of the country, where some saint is supposed to have performed some miracb, or where the Savior is supposed to be buried, and that by so doing they gain divine favor, and get absolution from all their sins, past, present, and future; provided, they take enough money and candles along with

them as offerings to the saint or Savior. I have seen whole families go hundreds of miles, barefooted and in rags, carrying costly

wax candles, sometimes weighing eight or ten pounds, and which, in many cases, represent the value of all their earthly belongings that were sold before they left home to buy these same candles to burn at the shrine of the saints in whose honor they are making the pilgrimage. The candles are lighted at the shrines, all right,

but trust to the priest in charge of the church to see to it that they are not burned up there, because wax is costly and valuable, and these candles may be sold to other pilgrims who may want divine favor, and the coffers of the priests may be the fuller because of the oftrepeated selling of the same candle. All of these

are only means by which the church drags out of the poor victims what the landholders have not been able to squeeze out of them and, as a result, they are a people so bowed down, so trodden upon, and so smitten by the Gentiles, that they have almost ceased to hope.

This brief description of conditions that have existed and that do now exist, in Mexico, may be said to describe very well conditions throughout all Latin America.

the Gentiles X—Scattered and Smitten by

History records that at the beginning of the conquest of the proud Incas of Peru, by the Spaniards, under Pizarro, they numbered six millions, and that fifty years after the conquest there had perished, according to a canon gotten up by the order of

Philip II, in the year 1580, more than two millions of the Indians of that empire. "When Peru gained her independence,"says a

reliable historian, "she had lost ninetenths of her inhabitants.

Of the six millions that she had at the coming of the Spaniards, 688 IMPROVEMENT ERA

according to a census taken at the order of Viceroy Gil y Lemos, in the year 1795, there only remained six hundred and eight thousand, eight hundred and ninetynine."

The kingdoms of Guatemala, comprising most of what is now known as Central America, had a population, at the coming of the

Spaniards, of over three millions of people, and, according to a census taken in the year 1810, there only remained, of the native population, six hundred and fortysix thousand seventysix souls.

It is said by good authority (Antonio Batares Jauregui, Autor de Los Indios, Su Historia y Su Civilizacion) that at the end of the eighteenth century, the native people, of the countries of

America that had been conquered by Spain, had been reduced to onetenth their number at the coming of the Spanish conquerors.

The Lamanites were the kings and rulers of the whole of the

Americas, but oh, how literally have they been "scattered and smitten by the Gentiles!"Today they are a smitten and an orphan

people "counted as nought"by the Gentiles; brought so low that

they have even forgotten their past glories. A race without spirit,

because they have lost all hope; yes, you might say, even their

desires for liberty! Utterly crushed and broken in spirit, in utter

abandon, they have given themselves up to die rather than live, if they only could, but alas, death, it seems, could not come to relieve them of their terrible afflictions, so they have carried them with them through near four long centuries of agonies.

It is said of the Arab that when he discovers that his faithful camel, that has carried him across the desert, has lost its strength and that its last hour has come, he draws from his belt his long dagger and drives it into the heart of his faithful beast as a reward for its faithful services. But in America there is another

custom: When the tired horse cannot take another step over the

parched and sandy desert, he is left behind, abandoned in that horrible solitude, to die of hunger and thirst, with the hungry vultures swishing over his head, scarce waiting till life is extinct to begin their horrid repast.

Such has been the fate of the Indian. As a race, he has had

no daggerthrust to end his suffering and misery, but instead four long centuries of heartless persecution and degradation at the hands of his enemies, until now, reduced to onetenth of what he was at the coming of the Gentiles to smite him, he is abandoned by them, as it were, to die of hunger and thirst and be devoured by vultures.

Could we wish for a more literal fulfilment of prophecy?

Are there any yet who could wish to see this people brought to a lower level; or see them reduced to a smaller remnant of the

great people they once were; or see them more hated, stripped,

and peeled, and crushed by the Gentiles, than they have been, and in reality are, even till this day?

THE GOSPEL TO THE LAMANITES 689

As for me, I answer, no; but my constant prayer to the Lord

is, that he will hasten the day when these conditions shall cease, and when the glorious restoration and redemption promised this people shall come.

XI—Redemption Foretold

From a natural point of view, it would seem that it is the fate of the Indian, as a race, to be wiped out, and become extinct and such would be the case should conditions continue with them much longer as they have existed since the coming of the Gentiles among them. With ninetenths of them gone in less than four

centuries, it is easy to see that it would not take long for the other onetenth to go at the same ratio.

But hope for them lies in the fact that the same God who, through his prophets, foretold these very conditions, has also foretold, through them, that he would not permit the utter destruction of his people upon this continent, at the hands of the Gentiles.

Nephi speaks as follows (I Nephi 13:3031):

"Nevertheless thou beholdest that the Gentiles who have gone forth out of captivity, and have been lifted up by the power of God above all the face of the land, which is choice above all other lands, which is the land that the Lord God hath covenanted with thy father, that his seed should have it for the land of their inheritance, wherefore thou seest that the

Lord God will not suffer that the Gentiles will utterly destroy the mixture of thy seed, which are among thy brethren;

"Neither will he suffer that the Gentiles shall destroy the seed of thy brethren."XII—Redemption through the Gospel

What joy must have filled the heart of Nephi, as he beheld through the prophetic visions of his mind, after having seen in vision all that was to befall his seed and the seed of his brethren, that the Lord would in time be merciful to the remnant of his seed and that of his brethren, and that, notwithstanding all that he would permit to come upon them, he would not permit their total destruction at the hands of their oppressors. And O, how his

heart must have swelled with joy and thanksgiving when he beheld that not only would they not be destroyed, but that the glorious o-ospel would in time be brought unto them in its fulness, and that, oi the scant remnant that would be left, many would accept the truth and be redeemed from their fallen condition by it; alter

centuries of spiritual darkness among them, to see that the light of the true gospel was again to shine in their lives and guide; to behold the grafting them through paths of truth, to life eternal

690 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in, through the fulness of the Gentiles, of the natural branches of the olive tree that should be broken off, as so beautifully spoken of by him in I Nephi 15

"Behold, I say unto you, that the house of Israel was compared unto an olivetree, by the Spirit of the Lord which was in our fathers;

and behold are we not broken off from the house of Israel? and are

we not a branch of the house of Israel?

"And now, the thing which our father meaneth concerning the grafting in of the natural branches through the fulness of the Gentiles, is, that in the latter days, when our seed shall have dwindled in unbelief, yea, for the space of many years, and many generations after the Messiah shall be manifested in body unto the children of men, then shall the fulness of the gospel of the Messiah come unto the

Gentiles, and from the Gentiles unto the remnant of our seed:

"And at that day shall the remnant of our seed know that we are of the house of Israel, and that they are the covenant, people of the

Lord; and then shall they know and come to a knowledge of their

forefathers, and also to the knowledge of the gospel of their Redeemer, which was ministered unto their fathers by him; wherefore they shall

come to the knowledge of their Redeemer, and the very points of his doctrine, that they may know how to come unto him and be saved.

"And then, at that day, will they not rejoice and give praise unto their everlasting God, their rock and their salvation? Yea, at that

day, will they not receive the strength and nourishment from the true vine? Yea, will they not come unto the true fold of God?

"Behold, I say unto you, Yea; they shall be remembered again

among the house of Israel; they shall be grafted in, being a natural

branch of the olive tree, into the true olive tree;

"And this is what our father meaneth; and he meaneth that it will

not come to pass until after they are scattered by the Gentiles; and

he meaneth that it shall come by way of the Gentiles, that the Lord may show his power unto the Gentiles. *****"

MEXICO CITY, MEXICO ["The Double Mission of the Gentiles"will be treated in the next number.]

Once upon a time a child who was asked upon an examination paper to define a mountain range, wrote, "A largesized cook stove."

The same method of reasoning seems to go with older growth. A

recent examination paper at the Sheffield Scientific School at Yale contained the question, "What is the office of the gastric juice?"And

the answer on one paper said, "The stomach."Current Opinion.

"Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator"

BY ROBERT C. WEBB, PH. Dv A NON-"mORMON"

The latest manifestation of antisylogism, "Since Joseph Smith did not "Mormon"enthusiasm has been Dr. know the picture of God Anubis from

Spalding's symposium on the merits of an 'idolatrous priest,'nor Abraham

Joseph Smith's claims as a translator from a picture of God Osiris, he knew of ancient languages. Although connothing at all, and is a wholly disducted with every last appearance of credited guide in matters religious or

fairness and goodfeeling, it evidently otherwise."Such a method of reasonhad as its sole object to help the "Moring, if followed to the letter, would

mon"people to see the errors of their soon dispeople all churches whatsoever, beliefs, on the theory that, having so and the perennial "Mormon"problem seen, they must become "like the rest would cease from troubling.

of us."Thus, although the Bishop is However, the Bishop has suggested

above repeating the vulgar and un- a line of investigation, which should be christian attacks on the character of followed to its logical conclusion, and

Joseph Smith or of his ancestors, and is discussed from all angles, in order that also too honest to give further currency "honest searchers after truth"may to the vile lies and slanders against the miss no possible opportunity to "reLatter-day Saints, both of which are adjust their system of belief."He has

sadly too familiar in missionary literasuggested in all apparent honesty sunture, he seems to assume, with sublime dry difficulties which, in his mind, evisimplicity, that the "Mormon"people dently constitute real obstacles to a will rush in eager jostling crowds from childlike faith. These should be reout of the shelter of their Church, bemoved, if possible, by a proper hancause a few selected scholars have dedling of the subject, which, through

clared, as scholars are very liable to do misapprehension, undoubtedly, he has in such cases, that Joseph Smith's promishandled.

fessed translations of a few ancient Since the originals of the two works drawings are not wholly in accord with which Joseph Smith claimed to have their present standards of knowledge. translated from ancient languages,

The Bishop concludes his 17page have disappeared, precisely as did the scholarly criticisms with the following Aramaic originals of the Synoptic Gosjoyous climax: "It is in the belief that pels, from which the Greek translathe honest searchers for truth among tions were evidently made, and the

the Latterday Saints will welcome the tables of stone received by Moses from foreword to his 814page anthology of the hand of God, how can we explain opinions of authoritative scholars, and, the very real difficulty which has if necessary, courageously readjust emerged in the mind of Dr. Spalding?

their system of belief, however Is there any way in which we can radical a revolution of thought form an honest conclusion on the may be required, that the... judgmerits of the Prophet's abilities as a

ments of the world's greatest Egyptotranslator? Curiously enough, there is,

as.logists have been ascertained."All this and in following, it, we have nearly

should happen because, as he has alsure a method of coming at the truth ready asserted, "If.. the translaas if the papyrus of Abraham and

tion of the 'Book of Abraham'is incorthe golden plates of Mormon were rect, then no thoughtful man can be available for expert examination.

asked to accept the Book of Mormon, If there is any truth inthe accepted but, on the other hand, honesty will accounts, the Prophet followed no require him, with whatever personal ordinary method in his work as a regret, to repudiate it and the whole translator. In rendering into English

body of belief, which has been built the Book of Mormon, at least, he upon it and upon the reputation its claims to have been guided by the publication gave to its author."'gift and power of God,"whose apSadly for him no part of the original proval also crowned the completed

text of this book, whatever that origwork. Claims to such assistance are, of

inal may have been, is available for course, easy to make, but difficult to examination by scholars, or any other justify. Consequently, there is nothing

persons. Consequently, if any Latterremarkable in the fact that Smith's

day Saints are led into following the assertion in this line has been railed suggested program, it will be solely at and ridiculed ever since it was first because they accept the very forceful uttered. It is only just to remark.

*From the Dcscrct News, March 29, 1913.

692 I IMPROVEMENT ERA

however, that Joseph Smith's profespose charlatans, but Rigdon never desed work as a translator was only nied his belief in Smith's claims, nor a part of his total significance—from attempted to "expose"him. In fact,

some points of view, even a nearly like hundreds and hundreds of others negligible part—since in all his lifeof Smith's disciples, Rigdon was willactivities he claimed this same special ing to suffer, and actually did suffer,

divine guidance, and in some matters all extremes of persecution for the sake even exceeded his reputation as a of his belief in these same teachings, translator. and until a late period, for the sake,

also, of his devotion to Smith as a man.

A WONDERFUL CHARACTER. The deeper one studies the history of

On any theory we may adopt, Joseph Joseph Smith, and the Church founded it seems Smith was a wonderfully manysided by him, the more surprising character. His reputation does not that, on the assumption that he was an

stand or fall wth judgments on any unmitigated charlatan, someone did not 'one of his many lines of activity, alexpose him thoroughly. We hear perthough all must be iudged on a comennially that the three witnesses of the

all apostatized at amon standard. Failure to recognize Book of Mormon

this fact has been a serious error in later period. The people who make this

nearly all attacks from the myth of statement always carefully refrain

Solomon Spaulding's authorship of the from adding that two of the three crept

Book of Mormon, to the blunder of back to the shelter of the Church, just Bishop F. S. Spalding's pamphlet on previous to their deaths—rather a pethe Book of Abraham. Eyen with the culiar preparation for the "change,"

destruction of his reputation as an if their original testimony was false author, or translator, there is still a and, that the third founded a sect of large and healthy body of difficulties. his own, in which the Book of MorThe problem of how a person reputed mon was placed only second to the

an ignorant and unprincipled charlatan Bible, as a standard of belief. In this

could originate so splendid an organmatter the testimony of the three witization as the Mormon Church, or fornesses on the origin of the Book of mulate so consistent a body of docMormon appears to have been foundtrine as is the theology of that Church, ed in some real conviction at the start.

is still to be settled. Ignorant charFurthermore, even if all this be delatans seldom go to so much trouble lusion, Smith was no shirker. The path

in such matters, even when they have of the Prophet was none too smooth.

the native ability to do large things. Almost any charlatan would have

assisted matters Nor are much by brokenrific assaultsdown whichutterly hebeforehad tothe face;teras claiming have some, that Brigham

Young, "a really great man,"deserves properly considering the price of enthe credit for the Church organization durance too high, for the sake of any and the theological system. President advantages to be had in persisting.

Young was, indeed, too great a man to Let us hear of any demonstrated follow with childlike faith the leadercharlatan in history who was willing ship of one who added transparent to brave martydrom as a consequence fraud to defects of other varieties, and of persisting in his charlatanry.

invariable other that to give credit for JOSEPH SMITH SINCERE. himself things the is stated he to have

done. Apart from the wonderful magnetism

The enthusiastic devotion to Smith of of Smith's personality—which moved his early followers, many of them, like even so conservative and coolheaded

Young, "Woodruff, Taylor. Kimball, the an observer as Josiah Quincy to sugPratt brothers, and a score of others, gest that he might reasonably be called

men of strong character and high nathe most representative great man of tive ability, is remarkable, when we his century—a dispassionate study of

consider that it has continued aphis utterances reveals indubitable sinparently unchanged for three generacerity of conviction; also, evidence of

tions, and more. By the dictum of genuine contributions to human

Gamaliel, quoted with apparent apthought and aspiration in several notproval in the Book of the Acts of the able particulars. The time will come

Apostles, such consideration is somewhen it will be a recognized shame for thing of a bar to the conclusion that any intelligent man to give further

Smith was a mere vulgar charlatan, currency to the miserable abuse that as his critics insist. Again, when we has been heaped upon his memory. A

find force and ability coupled with amman who could instill such a measure bition, as in the person of Sidney of enthusiasm into men and women,

Rigdon, the fact of consistent adas would render them willing to enherence to Smith's claims, through all dure even the extremes of indignity vicissitudes, even to the end, is no othand injustice, could have exercised er than significant. Men of the Rigdon nothing other than a real and vita'

type are liable to turn against and exreligious influence, whether mistaken

JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR 693

in its fundamental assumptions, or lieveable explanation of the relanot, and demands to be so considered tions between the human soul and at the hands of all scholarly and canGod; of the nature of justification and

did students. In view of these facts, salvation; of the love and justice of

the fatuous absurdity of the notion God, and of the points in which his that a demonstration of errors of judg- "glory,"so much talked of and soment or scholarship—even when inlittle clarified, may be achieved in

dicated by the "world's greatest his relations with mankind; in brief,

Egyptologists"—can suffice to oblitersome scheme of theology worthy to

ate such a figure as Joseph Smith, is be called "rational,"according to the only too sadly evident. standards adopted by the wisest among

According to claims, Joseph Smith us. Such things as these would cerwas a "translator"in the broadest tainly be made clear to us, if the

sense of the word "translate,"one message of the New Testament was rewhose function it is, in the words of peated and restored.

Webster's Dictionary, "to carry over When we consider the gravity and from any form or mode of expresinsistence of the social, moral and sion into another; to interpret into economic problems of the present day;

another medium, as for making more the total inability of current sects and tangible, useful, comprehensible, or the moral societies to meet and solve like,"and, in this sense, to be God's them; the hideous conditions of life

chosen vehicle for restoring the Gosmanifest everywhere under the inpel in its fullness, for the salvation of stitutions of our dreadful civilization;

mankind, spiritually, personally and the amazing indifference and complasocially. cence of numerous "good people,"

Supposing for the sake of argument, modern microscopic replicas of Nero as seems to be fashionable, nowadays, fiddling while Rome burns, one might that God should really undertake to realmost be inclined to ascribe a state his will to mankind—and to our "divine mission"to anyone who should possessing the suggest even a theory, it might understandingmerely human reof practicable barest rudiments solve brief, to time"—in "almostseem lief. in the difficulties world'sthe many

light of supernal wisdom, what things If Joseph Smith made any approxiwould one hope, nay, expect, reasonmations to solutions in these matters, ably, to find illuminated? We need it is entirely reasonable to assert that,

scarcely hesitate to say that, among at the very least, he apprehended the such matters, some of the following world's needs and made honest and should be included, since they able efforts to meet them. If it can

are the things that are the be shown that any of his acts or words sorest occasions of doubt and perserve to complicate the discrediting in guidance, to divine of his claims expect us.plexity We should among

or that it may of any extent or degree, methods practical andsome sane solving the problems of righteousness, be rationally held that he interpreted purposes will and God's or translated society in human inequalitiesand beunderstood better they were than health opportunity, property,touching in direction similar to fore, his claims just and securing of happiness,and languages ancient of translation the the of instead cooperation,equable concareful far worthy more seem treadingrivalry—the dissociation and this along investigation sideration. An of crafty and strong the bydown evidence of variety a line summons spirit in "poor the and the weak than discussion to the relevant more of multitudes the beget which deto ability demonstrated even a professedorder, social a inproblems poor few of a the cipher meaning God. of Spirit the with infiltrated ly it out rules also, drawings: Egyptian effecshown be to expect shouldWe already of bickerings court the of intempervice, in whicm tive ways scholarship. prejudiced blights social other and poverty, ance, eccentrically was Smith Joseph temporal the and away, done be might dis- a made in point—he peculiar one improved. We of mankindcondition to claims his justify to effort tinct notion some derive to expect should in the mission divinelyappointed a of man love the which in of way a earnest excellent and world. Many practical a made be could for man churches, sects and founded have men theory, academic an of instead reality restored the to be professing each religion in which "present, and at as virbut Christianity, of perfect form ot relations the into 'brought could be their confined have all of tually them an continuing of instead life, daily doctrine, of forms revising efforts to Sundays for embellishment'incidental a never polity, with and ordinance particular without days, holy and this life in human of making thought in either times, other at significance except happier, or better world too many of conduct or the speech inautomatic presumed the through fine, in expect, should "believers."We institutions. Contheir of new fluence berationally and intelligible some

694 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sequently, when Joseph Smith, makbecause of love to man, which is not ing this same claim, announced in always as powerful an imperative as, effect, that the test of truth is Its perhaps, it should be, but because that, ability to redeem the total man, here in the good of humanity and of soas well as hereafter, he showed himciety, the highest service of God is to self the type of a new, and, perhaps, be achieved. Whatever, as often disworthier and wiser class of innovacussed by hostile critics, may have

tor. When, in addition to this, he been the ultimate disposal of the proppromulgated the details of an orerty, thus devoted, is a matter which

ganization eminently calculated to we need not pause to discuss. Whethembody his ideals, he displayed the er or not, as unworthily alleged withadded virtue of consistent intelligence. out proof, the authorities diverted it

from its destined use, the significance

JOSElPH SMITH NO THEORIST. of the lesson is not lost. Its sufficiency

shown in the fact that people could Joseph Smith was no mere theorist. is

His mind was eminently practical, be persuaded to follow and obey its demands, as a part of religious duty, evidently seeking always to treat and then be ready for the even greater actual necessities with operable remedial expedients. Had his lines fallen sacrifices demanded by the violence of

in a public career, he might have their enemies.

gone down in history as one of our The persecutions of enemies, as algreatest statesmen. Thus, in the founleged, coupled with the innate selfishdation of his overhated Church, he ness of human nature, early compelldisplayed a consistent genius for ored the discontinuance of the United

ganization and government that has Order; but it remains a clear and shinbaffled the bestconceived plans of ing fact that Smith early recognized

enemies, bent on undoing his work, the fact that the "problems'* of soduring three generations, and half of ciety, which still aggravate and per- a fourth. That Church still rears its plex, may be met only 'by a solution

rugged head, like some old bull of a distinctly religious. The neglect of soherd of buffalo, which defies the wolves ciological theorists to recognize this

and jackals, and may not be pulled to fact accounts in large part for the the ground for all the prowess begotfailure of their systems: the absence

ten of the fury of their famine. Recof an allcompelling enthusiasm for

ognizing that the world's need of salthe good of mankind in current revation- is demonstrated in its errors ligious influences accounts for the rest.

and shortcomings, he evidently held Although, as an institution, the Unitthat a really vital religious influence ed Order failed of permanence, the should operate to neutralize these, and spirit in which it was founded and the that practical righteousness is a sign loeals which it embodied—fraternity,

of inward grace. Furthermore, he solidarity, cooperation—have been adshowed a broad and sufficient grasp hered to among the Latterday Saints,

of the conditions of human life by as consistently as conditions have perthediscerning of cardinal sins society mitted. Their Church has always rivalries, pride and stood—selfishness, primarily for cooperation, is as attempting to achieveand the propaevident to any candid student of theirgation virtues. of the opposing history, and the conviction that the

One of his earliest acts was the principle of consecrated property must founding of the United Order, or Orbe established in practice before the der of Enoch, so called from the anin-coming of the Millennium is still tediluvian patriarch, held up as the held and taught among them.

life ofhighest the godlike type on When it became evident that the time "allearth, his with people walkwho was not yet ripe for the inaugurationed with God, and.. dwelt in the

midst of Zion."By the terms of this of the communistic order, the principle

organization, each believer in the reof temporal cooperation was embodied stored perfect Gospel, should deed in the ancient practice of tithing, and his property to the Church, using and the office of bishop, the administrator administering it thereafter as a of temporal affairs, was established.

stewardship for the common good; It is a strong evidence at once of the

thus restoring the practice of the anearnestness of conviction among the cient Saints at Jerusalem, who "had Latterday Saints, also of the vitality all things in common."of influence in their Church, that the

This scheme of communism difpractice of tithing has always been fered from all its predecessors and consistently continued. The practice

rivals in the fact that it proposed to was long followed in England in the regenerate society, and achieve an form of enforced levies for the support actual equality among men upon a disof the established Church, against the tinctly religious basis. Smith's disprotests of very many people whose

ciples were urged to make a common interests were centered elsewhere. It

fimd of all possessions, not merely has also been attempted, it is said.

JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR 695

among some small and eccentric Protsaying sets forth the inevitable fact estant sects, and, in late years, has at the basis of all human society, and been widely recommended as the best that, consequently, all "members"a\ailable means for raising funds in might better be cared for and noursome of the largest American religious ished—and in this Paul would doubtless

bodies. That the Latterday Saints have agreed—than allow to suffer and

alone have been able to maintain the Regenerate as among the "rest of us."

practice of voluntary tithing, for the Nor could any sane and informed support of their Church and its activthinker gainsay the assertion that the ities, is a fact conspicuously in favor "Mormon"system had proposed one, of any allegation of exceptional origin even if not the only, solution of our and character for them. everpresent social and economic

AN EFFICIENT ORGANIZATION. real"problems."and effectiveConsequently,sense, thein generala very

interest is in the organization Church It is probable, however, that no othreflected its individual upon members,er religious body could possibly dupliand such assistance as need any maycate these results, since they to seem is readily forthcoming. spite of Infollow as a corollary to the peculiar in "Morand singularly efficient organization of the fact that many people as are communities, elsewhere, mon"the itself. Church of this or- A study in few, poor there are circumstances, inganization its entirety enforces the if hopelessly any, indigent them, among isconclusion it that not efonly an in of virtually these connone such andficient engine, also but one well condition of help refused because bytrived calculated for and the accomofficers. Churchplishment of the best results, moral

and sociological. How its operation What other "Christian"body whatcould be other than beneficent it would ever even makes an attempt to secure

be difficult, indeed, to see. The ideal employment for its unfortunate memin the mind of its founder was unbers? At ence a very real and touchdoubtedly in harmony with Paul's saying evidence of humanitarian activity

is to be seening that the Church is 10 be a nation cf the "Mormon"Church of "kings and priests unto God."weekly, at least, in their official newsWhether or not kings, in any intelligipaper, which includes regular adverble sense, they are certainly priests, tisements asking all who desire to emsince by far the greater proportion of ploy any variety of classified labor to

their adult male members hold the communicate with the office of the priesthood in some degree. This fact Tresiding Bishop. Furthermore, from

makes the Church and its affairs matthis office as a center there are conters of common, even immediate, interstantly sent out to all wards appeals est. Instead of leaving its vital confor positions for any and al'who are

cerns in the hands, exclusively or virout of employment. Also, this is done

tually, of a professional class, priestly systematicallv. as a distinct branch of

oi ministerial, it realizes the highest "business routine."not in obrdience to

ideal of democracy, rendering the coany occasional and desultory impulse.

operation of all members actual and There is no unctuous benediction and constant, while operating far better cold charitv of "gentile"variety about than any mechanism of the sort, as this proceeding. It displavs several of

yet devised, to conserve the essential the familiar symptoms of true and principles of their faith. The result practical benevolence. The ward

cf this arrangement is a twofold adbishop, combining the functions of pasleader, renders unnecessaryvantage—that the Church is seculartor and

ized, or brought into direct relation the "scientific"methods of Uie socalled with the concerns of everyday life, and charity organization societies, with that the life of the individual and of their insolent inquisitions into te society is very intimately associated private lifeaffairs of unfortunate nen with interests peculiarly religious. This pie. and their ultrajudicious methods

follows because the Church, being co- c!"distributing relief. Such procedures

extensive with the community, as in are probblv inevitable in communities any given ward or stake, is the logical perverted by grenprations of soeallpd and actual center of all interests. "Christian"mistakes and inefficiencies,

What is popularly termed the "slavbut should be necessary nowhere. TIip

ish literalism"of the "Mormcn"inter- "Mormons"do things better. Thpir

pretation of the Scriptures prompts? b'shons. as a regular part of their duthese people to expect and contrive ties, inform themselves on the condifor an actual realization in experience tions and necessities of all persons in

of the Pauline principle that "we are their wards. If. after anu'rinsr this

all members one of another."Should knowledge, they do not ndmmister reany of them reflect upon the principle, lief, the fault is in them, r.ot in the

he would undoubtedly state that thp system.

I'

696 IMPROVEMENT ERA

There can be no doubt but that the ing their hold on the intelligence of the "Mormon"Church is the most perfect community, and could not by any posreligious and benevolent organization sibility duplicate the smallest of the that the world has ever known. To achievements of the muchhated "Moranyone informed upon its workings the monism."As a matter of fact the

various charges against it, and the whole thing is simply the protest of criticisms made upon it by enemies inefficiency against superiority. The

must appear both absurd and unprotests of the Protestant clergy worthy. When we consider that it is against "Mormonism"are comparable

wholly composed of the rank and file only to the strike of the Scottish weavof those very people whom it is variers at the first introduction of machinously accused of oppressing, and that ery: they saw that the new contrivvery many of these hold positions of ances could do better work than could

trust and responsibility in its affairs, be done by hand, and proceeded to there is no more need of attempting to destroy them. As another example, we

toanswer representations, which are cermay quote the remark attributed tainly unintelligent, if not entirely disJames Watt, inventor of the steam eningenuous. Even if the "men at the gine, when he heard that Richard

top,"as variously reported, wholly Trevithick proposed to use high pressure boilers, which have made the modwithout respectable evidence, ever betray their trusts in any way, it is ern efficient steam engine possible. "deserves a man,"said Watt,they.whom we must criticize, not the "Such this Evidently, to be hanged."evenorganization. In such a case they great worldbenefactor was jealous ofwould only be repeating the example the improvements made by his pupilso often set before them of using a and successor. How much more would

splendid machine for a wrong purpose. the typical denomination be enraged at

"MORMON"MISSIONARIES. so"Mormon"efficient Church,an organizationwhich givesas realthe

When we consider the power of the advantages to its members, bege':s a

in the of faith and form rank to tovital organizationChurch bind men "hired utterly eliminates file, and thegether in brotherof a very real bond hood, it is evident that any wholesale preacher."

denunciation of its principles and operAt the present day the situation is ation must be based upon the assumpclear and unmistakable, and will shorttion that a man cannot be a "Mormon"ly be recognized by thoughtful sociolwithout also being an imbecile of the ogists, that, so far as professing most hopeless description. One could Christianity is concerned, the issue is

seldom find a "Mormon"business man definitely marked as between "Mormontoo much engaged to spare time to ism"and Catholicism. There is no

talk about his Church, and that, also, middle ground that contains the slightwith a degree of enthusiasm and perest hope for struggling humanity, because there is nothing sure and personal pride that reveals the genuinemanent. The sole refuge would oth?r-ness of his interest. This is not the rule

among "gentile"Christians; not wise be undenominational or "unbeeven the clergy, unless we except lieving"humanitarianism, which is leading in all the work for social andthe Catholic priesthood. Neither moral betterment in our great cities.could such general interest be found

elsewhere as would move the young COLONIZATION ACTIVITIES.men of any church to undertake missionary work—often attended with real Turning from this sad and sorry

dangers, even in these days of civilizaspectacle, we find yet other advantages tion and refinement—and to leave home involved in the organization of the

for the ends of the earth, "without "Mormon"Church, which we now see purse or scrip."Few even of tht is wholly outside of and beyond anyProtestant clergy who boast so loudly thing that other bodies can hope to-'

of the selfsacrifice and lofty ideals accomplish. Because the Church pracpropagated by their respective sects, tically identifies social and spiritual

have ever been affected with an enconcerns, the welfare of all her memthusiasm that would lead them to fo 1 - bers is of vital concern to her officers.

low any such course, "for the spread Thus, we find the widespread and conof truth."It seems strange indeed that tinuous colonizing activities of thesfe

any body of people, evidently so sinpeople efficiently assisted by the aucere in 'their professions, so devoted thorities. It is solely the influence of.

to the cause of Christ, and so conthe Church in the affairs of everyday vinced of the necessity of His atorelife that has made possible the efment, should be so constantly hectored, fective cooperation of the people in 1 lied about and menaced with the verthe great systems of irrigation and dicts of complacent and contemptuous reclamation that have made Utah con- "scholarship,"by the representatives spicuous. No other influence in modof sects that are slowly but surely losern times, or in ancient times, so far

JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR 697

as know, we has operated efficiently so ren than is the wealthy taken by andfor the general good. this fact all To influential of members the other sociecandid observers bear cheerful testities which profess and call themselvesmony. We could multiply examples Christians. No doubt their Church

here, but the following rrom a recent influence gives them a chance to bearticle by the Episcopal Bishop, P. S. come rich themselves, but so far, In

Spalding, is typical and reliable. In an the Uintah Basin, the leaders in this

article contributed to one of his desystem of ecclesiastical finance. seem

nominational magazines (Spirit of Misto have earned their reward."

sions, December, 1912) the Bishop The "serious drawbacks"mentioned writes as follows: by the Bishop form an excellent com-

"The Dry Gulch District, of which ment on his now famous Book of

Roosevelt is the center, is the 'MorAbraham pamphlet. If this religioeco-

mon'part of the reservation and that nomic system of the "Mormon"explains why it has made more progChurch works so well, despite the disress than the rest of the country. The belief of "many prominent Mormons"

wonderful organization of the Morin Joseph Smith and his mission, why mon Church enforces a spirit of coshould the additional "disbelief"of operation unknown in Gentile comsundry scholars, and wiseacres in genmunities. Under these leaders in six eral require "honest searchers for

years (for settlement did not really betruth... with whatever personal

gin until 1906) the Latterday Saints regret, to repudiate the Book of Morhave constructed 223 miles of irrigating mon and the whole body of belief canals and lateral ditches at a cost of which has been built upon it?"We

$30O,C0O, and they have today a debt have learned in these days of science of but $30,000. Possibly the Gentile setthat the judgment of truth follows uptlers secured better lands than the on experimental demonstration If a

Mormons, but in their most promising system reputed false, on theoretical and sections they were unable to agree as traditional grounds, works so well in to methods, and having spent on living practice, the disbelief of "prominexpenses most of the money they ent Mormons"and "capable"scholars brought into the country with them, ceases to be a perfectly intelligent atare now in a precarious condition, extitude, assuming very much the isting on the hope that some day they character of irrelevance to the main 'will get water on their lands.'issue. If the findings of the avowedly

criti- "higher infidel destructive and of Christ of Jesus the "In Church in believed called, be cism,"so may th 90 Saints, cent of perLatterday preachProtestant by advocated and and presidents officers. The aremen their in minds detracting ers, withoutbishops are the leading businessmen. from the dignity of their numerous business to back are able up theirThey of the scotching should the why taken sects, the to be course as tojudgment the dissoluinvolve of Abraham Book

with the influence they have as heads tion of "Mormonism,"which on the of the Church. They are well known Bishop's own testimony, is exceedingly

to the higher authorities in Salt Lake, efficient in some important and who are also both religious and finanrighteous particulars? Some such concial leaders, and so are able to borsiderations as these may be considered

row from the bank on fair terms the the real "drawbacks"in the premises.

needed capital. The social and economic benefits of

"The system has its serious drawthe "Mormon"Church are duplicated backs. Many prominent Mormons do by the moral. Apart from the teachnot believe in the Book of Mormon, ings on 'Vighteousness, temperance

the divine mission of its author, Joseph and judgment to come,"which are

Smith. Jr., and his revelation In favor the common stock of Christian tradi-

—under certain conditions—of polygtion, there seems to be some highly

amy, any more than I do. This form of efficient method available to them for

hypocrisy is so general that it has beenforcing these principles in life. The

come almost unconscious. When a contrary of this statement has never

man's whole business life is tied to an been supported by any order of reecclesiastical system it takes a high spectable evidence, despite the bickerdegree of moral courage to deny the ings of sundry critics about "impurity"divine authority of that system and and the like, which are immeasurably its beliefs. Besides, it is argued that graver complications in their own

all the churches are carrying along a home communities than in the worst lot of dogmas which are no longer "Mormon"neighborhoods.

seriously believed by their members, and it takes no greater effort to carry THE WORD OF WISDOM.

the practically But Mormonism. along the The "Mormons"have a document, a result: good produces this system of the Prophet, revelation professed are compelled officers leading Mormon of Wisthe "Word which is entitled in the interest a more helpful to take

worldly prosperity of their poor brethdom,"and which counsels abstinence 698 IMPROVEMENT ERA

from alcuhulic drinks, tobacco, and Enough has been said in the foregoeven tea and coffee, and moderation in ing paragraphs to establish the contenthe use of meat foods. Although every tion that Joseph Smith made a valid

clause of this document is a real "word contribution to religious, moral and soof wisdom,"and all that it states is cial sciences in the organizations of the scientifically true, yet, like the Com- "Mormon"Church. While numerous

mon Law, in Blackstone's phrase, it thinkers and theorists have made noble is only the "perfection of common and earnest efforts to grapple and solve sense."Why. then, do these people the problems that afflict civilization,

esteem this document so highly? Why and with uniform unsuccess, he brought

do they quote its statements with forth an organization that has reduced such reverence? Because they believe them to a minimum for his people. And

in them, also, because, on the basis he made a contribution that must be of Smith's claim that it is a real permanent, and must be considered at revelation, it is their highest ideal of its full value in the end. The lesson

practical personal righteousness. Unembodied teaches two things: first, that

doubtedly any spiritual influence that in a sane and permanent solution of may be at work among these people, the very real and very vital problems enforcing the lesson of obedience, is of civilization, society must be organgreatly assisted by the close organizaized on a basis distinctively religious;

tion of their Church, and the noible resecond, that, if such solution is to besponsibilities of priesthood to applying religion permanent, must be organizedthe majority of In their membership. distinctively a basis social on or huother words, the faltering among them therefore, teaches, man. The lesson find themselves "surrounded so by desidis that organization the supremegreat of (i. a cloud e., witnesses"social eratum, that the supreme andbearers of witness, those give who sin that influence is committed by anytestimony) that their strivings own the disassociation contributes to the of failcannot of a high of sucaveragecess. members of society, or that militates

against a community of ideals and inFurthermore, unless history lies, this terests among them. The matter is

has always been the case among the serious, paramount in fact, and in its

Latterday Saints. While other comconsideration, despite all prejudices

munities have been wrestling desagainst Joseph Smith, it must be recogperately with problems of intempernized that he has struck the keynote ance and vice, with impassioned preachof the problem, which the rest of usments urging to righteousness, with Therefore, seeking. been vainly havevain attempts to secure legal by enif itself he forces home; the thoughtactment the virtue their sects are imfinding led, in divinely thus not waspotent to produce by religious influsought wisest has us the what amongence, still, the small voice of the least, the in at missed, vain was he and of"Word Wisdom"has been heard proportions, and of a genius immenseamong these people, their and anversatility. of singularswer has to been drive out the grosser

forms of vice that so dreadfully afIMPOTENCY OF THE CATHOLICflict civilization in general. CHURCH. Even as recently as 1911 these people made good ther profession that The importance of organization is

they are opposed to the traffic in inno new idea. The wonderful and vitai

toxicating liquors. Without any of the constitution of the Catholic Church exnoise or agitation that are popularly emplifies its efficiency. But in that is unessupposed to accompany the birth of body the entire attention

"righteousness,"the popular vote uncapably riveted upon what Herbert der the new local option law closed Spencer aptly terms "otherworldli- is ness:"the the strongest arguand this places

it. against urged ment that can bem 85saloonsout andof theother103drinkingincorporated

title oitowns and cities of the state. Nor in Thus, whatever may be the

these 85 dry spots were there any the Papacy to authority in matters of the several "gentile"communities spiritual it does not demonstrate the of the state. The "Mormons"closed power to reorganize society on the

135 rum holes in the dry sections, as stable basis of moral and religious asainst the glorious preponderance of truth. It may be, as some argue, thav

475 in the remaining 18 "wet centers,"the restoration of the "temporal powfull of "gentiles"and "Mormoneat- er"of the Catholic Churcn would seters,"but not special objects with the tle all the problems of civilization.

missionary societies. Furthermore, out There is always the difficulty, however,

of a total of 65,654 votes cast in this that this result seems as nearly imelection, 30,923, or 47 per cent were regpossible of accomplishment as could istered in Salt Lake and Ogden, where be imagined. Consequently, it would

the "power of the Church is largely seem futile to argue in favor of it.

broken,"and rum and civilization have While this conclusion regarding things in their own way. Catholicism seems inevitable in our

JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR 699

lights,present it involves no advantand halfhearted substitutes pronowage for the traditional foes of Papal pounded in its stead. cannot They"assumptions."its at Rome worst soldiers, is make or the give to impulsenot offset by Protestantism, is suffer which and achieve, as could the grimand always has been essentially disfallacies of the atrabilious Dictator oforganized, uncertain, and impermanent. Geneva. reat Can we wonder the

With the sole probable exception of ported fallingoff in membership ofLutheranism, which has always been some of our greater denominations, oressentially a national raith the among the failure of the annual crop of conGerman and Scandinavian nations, verts, so large in former years?and, like hence, the Catholicism among

Celtic Irish, an object of patriotic reNEEDS OF DIVINE AUTHORITY.gard, Protestantism has contributed

directly to the breakingaown of comBut the supreme demand for some munity sentiment wherever it has aporder of influence that shall speak with peared. Protestantism, in short, is authority, be it real or be it assumed

religious anarchy, the foe of all—since who shall judge of ultimate

that makes for stable organization. causes, except in their visible and tanIn the inevitable multiplication of gible effects—and shall organize all

sects and standards, and also In classes of society into a stable whole, the constant flux and impermanence is shown to demonstration in the sad of Its professions, it has written disorders, purposeless strivings, futile its own doom. Not only is the world attempts to achieve social sanity, and

growing away from Protestantism, but the multitude of crazy claimants to

Protestantism is growing away from ultimate wisdom, coupled with the conitself, repudiating its own oldtime stant increase of vice, crime and instandards and supplying their place justice among us, which show only too with even worse examples of the type plainly the "prodromic symptoms"of of weakness known as "clerical logic."degeneration. In view of the awful

Thus, at the present day, we find the conditions of life everywhere—the logFrotestant clergy busily preaching anyical results of virtual and "constructhing and everything but the Gospel of tive"atheism—and the agonized appeal

faith and salvation. Their preposterof crushed and struggling humanity

ous adroitness in assimilating the "infor a really vital and efficient religious fidel"and destructive scheme of the influence and the order of economic socalled "higher criticism,"wlhose justice so often talked about by the origin and primal impulse consists in Christ, whom we profess to obey, the the desire to discredit the Bible by energy expended in abusing and lying reducing it to a scrap heap of about Joseph Smith, who has pro- "scholia,"redactions, elaborations, and pounded some sane theories of reorincongruous "documents,"is> exceeded ganization and done some things reonly by their silly excursions into halfsembling what God commands, can be assimilated science and philosophy, as called nothing other than a demonstrafcund in the socalled "theology of tion in the life that the message of evolution,"and other painful neologthe Gospel of salvation is no more the ies. greatest ideal among us. It seems,

indeed, nearly time that someone was

The "higher criticism"and the hyposaying, in the words of Paul: "The

thesis of evolution may be perfectly times of this ignorance God winkedtrue and accurate—we cannot underat, but He now commands"that histake to discuss them here—but one professed servants shall preach "Christ

thing is certain in the matter, and that and him crucified,"and have done with is that they have nothing to do with the vile habit of distributing the stones the kingdom of God, and, while emitand serpents of theological insufficiency ting a grateful aroma of "scholarship"to the children who cry for bread.

around the average preacher, they are In addition to the masterly organiof no vital significance to the rank zation of the "Mormon"Church, Joseph and file, who cannot but see in their Smith made yet other contributions to spread the dissolution of all that goe-i the formulation of a sane and to make up a vital faith. The claim rational religion. The theology of his

that all this is merely symptomatic Church compares more than favorably of an "age of transition,"and that the with the enlightened efforts of the oldtime formularies are to be suchighest wisdom among us. Cutting

ceeded by "nobler and better"standaway from the crude and barbarous ards of doctrine is as pitiful as it is creeds of his own day, he substituted nonsensical. A poor creed is better ideas and ideals, as worthy to be callthan none at all, as it forms a standed truly and consistently Christian as

ard of opinion and shapes the aspiraare the former to be called otherwise.

tions and efforts of believers along defiHow many good gentle souls have sufnite and intelligible lines. Even Calfered to distraction over the harsh,

vinism is better than the sentimental and really irrational, preachments of 700 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Protestant scholasticism touching such plenitude through his teachings, "divine decrees,"endless punishment, he formulated a line of explanations, and the "awful mystery"of how a good mostly characterized by a "slavish and just God could permit sin, and literalism"in the interpretation of hold faltering, ignorant, finite man reScripture. He held that God's primeval

sponsible for what he himself seems suggestion of making man "in His own to have created, or, having infinite image"was no mere figure of rhetoric, power, as we are told, certainly perbut a precise reality; that the spiritual

mitted; as to how, in short, an infinite part of man had existed with God fromand allwise God could create human all eternity—when the "sons of God

beings, foreordained from all eternity shouted for joy,"—and needed only

to unescapable damnation. But such the experience of earthlife to win its

gentle souls, under the counsel of proper perfection. He held that the

their "spiritual pastors and masters,"fall of man, his lapse into sin, and his imagined themselves bound to accept banishment from God's presence were the conclusions argued by the "iron only so many necessary steps in the process of exaltation, since "only bylogic of Calvin"—whose iron was

forged and beaten from the nails of passingbelow all things can we risethe crucifixion—and so wept and sufabove all things."He taught further

fered beneath the rod of the awful that the atoning death of Christ inevitable. These frightful and operated to hlot out this original sin

abominable doctrines, held by and by restoring again the lost union bepreached to the majority of English tween God and the human spirit and American Protestants, until within for "as in Adam all die, even so in

Christ years, shalla very still taught, in and all few be made alive"—and that less or diluted the form,more fulness in most all of divine sifts are

divinity schools at the present day, available to such as believe in him, were violently repudiated by the Uniconform to the ordinances of tarian and Universalist reformers of the Gospel, and lead a life

New England in the early years of the of righteousness. He held, howNineteenth Century. But these New ever, that all men are heirs of

England reformers merely reacted on salvation, howbeit in differing degrees, the dreadful traditions of their fathaccording: tn their several canacities

ers, and asserted doctrines diametriand deserts in the eyes of God. To the

cally opposed to them, hence scarcely most blessed was promised the sdorv of reasonable substitutes. They taught becoming "partakers in the divine nathat all men, good or evil, must be ture"—to "sit down with me upon my

saved, since the goodness of God is throne, even as I also... sat

incompatible with perpetrating the down with my Father in His throne"—

towicked in become logically abominations postulgods "He short—since called them Calvinism. In gods unto this theyated by made whom the word

no account of the fact that the human of God came: and the Scripture caninstinct of justice demands some not be broken."To others, so tausrht

punishment for sin. and left the mind this "bundling literalist,"shall be givonly the choice between extremes. en lesser srlorios. since the "elory of the

TEACHINGS OP JOSEPH SMITH. terrestrialcelestial is isoneanotherand the...glorysoofshallthe

Should God speak again, as we have be the resurrection from the dead."In

previously suggested, he would unshort, contrary to all the canons of doubtedly illuminate this situation in theological scholarship, he stated, on such a way as to reconcile mercy the professed authority of God, thnt all and justice, and to show wherein the shall receive of God as they are able.

human soul may justly be held acIn the end there must necessarily be countable for sin. He would doubtless some who, by persistence in sin, shut

make it all plain, so that none need themselves out from the divine pres-; 'suffer at the terror of "His strange ence: and this is the "second death.

and awful work."No one.professed, Yet the condition of these is governed

however, that God did so speak to ilby the same law, and should involve luminate these matters, except this only such things as reasonably follow same Joseph Smith, he whose "ignorfrom sinfulness persisted in—we might

ance and duplicity"must have bealmost imagine on the basis of common come, by this time, nearly synonymous experience that it would be quite dewith his name. And "what did this plorable: it seems very analogous to

babbler say?"What solecisms were some conditions involved in our "enpublished by this theological tyro, who lightened"civilization—without need

never sat at the feet of scholarship, that God should superadd further ternor earned a university degree? How rors in the line of "vengeance,"and

did he presume tc enlighten a situaother theological, but unGodlike, tion that had puzzled the greatest docweaklings. Added to these doctrines,

tors of all ages? With the "nearly unwhich justify God's justice, illuminate

believable materialism,"found in His mercy, dignify man, and otherwise

JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR 701

seem sane and reasonable, if, indeed, produced a remarkable book, but he did there is any reality at all to religion, not die in a garret. Like Rienzi, he

he added yet other grandly "ignorant"obtained a large following, but he did principles. Among these is the comnot go crazy, and his followers were not

forting principle of salvation for the scattered. Like numerous others, he

dead, according to which the Gospel Is professed a message from God to the always preached to the "spirits in prisworld, but it has never been discrediton,"and the livingbeliever may aled, except by being made a "laughing ways fulfil the ordinances of salvation stock"to those who "know better;"

by proxy for those who lived "before quite a dignity for the teachings of the Gospel was in the earth,"or who Joseph Smith! Is it possible that he

never heard it preached. How many made good his claim to divine guidpangs and heartburns imposed by traance in founding the first and only inditional teachings has this doctrine stitution of modern times capable of

taken away! Most of these teachings meeting our social and moral problems,

seem fairly good working substitutes while the wisest among us have failed for a sane and rational theology. constantly and ignominously? Is it

WHO WAS JOSEPH SMITH? possibletrue principlesthat Godofrevealedthe Gospel,to himwhilethe

Who was this Joseph Smith who did sundry of us have done wondrous so many extraordinary things and strange things with the Gospel of made so many ambitious claims? Why Christ, in the frantic effort to achieve a

is it that, in spite of the vile charac- "rational theology?"Evidently, if othter attributed to him by his enemies, ers wish to do better things themselves,

he still seems to have contributed realand efface his memory from the world, ly and vitally to the world's knowledge they will have to regard him as a perof things moral and religious; who is sonified sermon on the text, "Go thou,

at once nearly the most hated, by some, and do likewise."

and the most beloved, t>y others, of all In view of these things, it may be men living in the Nineteenth Century? proper to ask this question: Did God,

He has been compared to young Thomthen, through some mysterious workas Chatterton, who, through unusual ing of providence, really impart to genius, or by "automatic writing,"Smith the contents of an ancient sacred forged an alleged ancient book, which record, which, certainly, was never deceived some of the great scholars composed as a novel, nor written by a of his time. Yet, poor Chatterton did yokel. Since his claims to divine guidnothing more, and died alone in a garance are so curiously beyond disproof

ret. He has been compared to Nicola in his other activities, we may reasondi Rienzi, an Italian of the Fourably assume them tolerable in regard to

teenth Century, who "drew much peohis professed "translations."If it is governseized the and him,"after ple the that to argue logic fair and good later Rienzi was Yet of Rome. ment of the of Book discrediting supposed were followers his madness, seized with of the Book that involves Abraham to came government his scattered, and matrejected, no be also must Mormon to compared been has nothing. He toetc., regrets, in cost the ter what innovators, reformers, others, sundry doctrine of body whole the with gether world, "who the of rebuilders wouldbe reasonalso it is it, not built why upon prophets as us, and before rose unSmith's Joseph that to assume able failed these of have most Yet burned."sociologist as a achievements deniable ''their wordb significance; of permanent accuracy similar involve theologian and their and scattered, are "scorn to efforts? literary his for authority and dust."with stopped are mouths in the guidance divine to claim his If divine claim to disof presuming difficult man No seems particular one difficult so it quite things ever made guidance exceptional the of in view proof, to shatter his assumed dignities. We achieved, there is no imperative deworthiessness the in upon enlarge matters it in other may for denying mand character, his of own and family emphahis equal of with it is claimed which of his opinion in the reoeat to only

devoted followers, the old retort, "Thou in sin, and born altogether wast dost A SIMPLE TEST. upon enlarge us?"We may thou teach

other and cupidity, ignorance, his honestand test, simply is the This "God that us remind they but faults, anhonest an It demands proposed. ly the of things foolisn the chosen and lying hath the of more no and swer, the also, wise,"the confound to past. world the disgraced have which abuse desare that things things, and to "base answer for an is waiting world The blackdone are after we pised."And the manfor is waiting it its problems: life and motives, character, his ening religious vital real and of a ifestation back, comes echo the achievements, salunto of God "power influence—the Nazareth.'cf out come good any "Can and it "must solutions These vation Smith Chatterton, little poor Like

702 IMPROVEMENT ERA

will have ere many years more. If our The American people, under the lash

traditional sects, hitherto powerless in of the clergy—and to these persons the

the premises, have nothing more to ofworld still seems to owe a living—are

fer, let them keep decently silent. The agitating an amendment to the United

time for evasions and wordy explanaStates Constitution forbidding polygtions is almost past. If they wish to amy forever. We are told that many

silence Joseph Smith, or any other herstate legislatures have already declared etic, for that matter, let them do so by in favor of this innovation, and that it filling the world with the contagion of is certain to be carried. Well, so be it.

a vital and immense faith, and thus Some years ago there was another striking speechless all deceit and prewidespread agitation, this time to place tence, as well as all that is ineffective. the name of God in this same ConstituJoseph Smith deserves credit for one tion, so that our lawmakers and our

thing, and this credit none can take people would declare themselves directaway: he restored in modern times the ly responsible to the Almighty. Sundry

ancient law, "By their fruits ye shall promoters of this cause made themknow them,"and by this rule must he selves conspicuous in the public prints, be judged, and the rest of us also. and had their portraits printed in the

But Smith seems to have made one magazines and newspapers, generally mistake—at least, it seems somewhat with poses and expressions denoting

like a mistake at present. He promulgreat determination and firm conviction

gated a theory of marriage that has of right. But the.movement aborted,

given his willing enemies a wonderand we hear little or nothing of it fully convenient leverage against him. nowadays. Is it possible that the

They have wallowed in the joyous opAmerican people, as expressed in their portunity of charging him and his peostate legislatures, and in congress, actuple with "impurity,"a thing unheard ally would rather "smash Joe Smith"of elsewhere, we may suspect, although than glorify Almighty God? This is

some of our foremost scholars in sciencertainly a strange situation. Joseph

tific sociology—and at this time the allSmith is evidently among the number

sufficiency of scholarship seems to be a of those "who have honors thrust upon fundamental principle with "honest them."

searchers after truth,"—are none too It might be an excellent and highly

sure but what it was a real and vital creditable performance in our Christian message to the world. The assertion of public, if we should hearken to a certhe right of maternity for all honorable tain voice which speaks to us across

women seems very like the promise of the night of the ages, giving this wisedivine benediction, in these days of beland temperate advice: "Refrain from declare,licose withtermagants, who for if alone; let them these men and thatout there of shame, a blush is a it be of men or this work this counsel

"higher mission for the modern woman will come to naught. But if it be ofthan maternity."However, this whole God, ye -cannot overthrow it, lest haplj

is to statesproper a questionmatter ye be found to fight against God."scientists, othnot to sundry andmen

ers of us. ROBERT C. WEBB, Ph. D.

An Open Question to Dr. Spalding

BY DR. FREDERICK J. PACK, DESERET PROFESSOR OF GEOLOGY, UNIVERSITY

OF UTAH My Dear Bishop Spalding: in a small pamphlet dealing with the

claims of Joseph Smith, the "Mormon"I am forced to confess that the methprophet.ods you have employed in your recent The last paragraph of your article

"inquiry"concerning the Book of Abracloses thus: "The text of this chapter,ham have seriously shattered my faith as also the interpretation of the plates,in your fairness and love of truth. I displays an amusing ignorance. Chalgive below one of the reasons for my deans and Egyptians are hopelessly loss of confidence in you. The matter mixed together, although as dissimilar is selfexplanatory.

A short time ago I sent from my localityand remoteas arein language,today Americanreligion andand study the following letter: Chinese. In addition to which the writJanuary 16, 1913. er knows nothing of either of them."

Dr. John Peters, University of Penn- I confess that I do not know ju*

sylvania. what you mean by this statement. Per>

Dear Sir: I have read with great haps you would be gcod enough to

interest your communication to Dr. outline your meaning in greater detail

Spalding which he recently published for me.

JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR 703

Kindly permit me to thank you for around the corner to No. 225. Over the

your courtesy. door of the rectory was the followVery truly yours, ing inscription: "To the Service of

(Signed) F. J. PACK. Cod and the Memory of Thomas McIn course of time a reply came, but Clure Peters, Rector 18581893."I enit was dated St. Michael's church, New tered but the rector was not in. A

York, and not University of Pennpleasant youth answered my quessylvania. tions.

For an instant I was paralysed, not And again, my friend Spalding, my by the contents of the letter, but by faith in you was sorely shaken. I was

the fact that it came from New York. informed that St. Michael's church is

Could it be possible that Dr. Peter3 is a Protestant Episcopal church, the

not connected with the University of same organization in which you prize

Pennsylvania, but is a rector in one membership. I thanked the youth and

of New York's fashionable churches? walked slowly away. As I passed the

No. I could not believe it. In your great church building on the corner

pamphlet "Joseph Smith. Jr., as a my eye caught the following inscripTranslator,"page 2 8, you had led the tion:

public to believe that Dr. Peters is St. Michael's Church.

at the University of Pennsylvania. I Reverend John P. Peters, Rector.

could not believe that you had misFor the Services of the Clergy apled the public. I argued to myself that ply at Parish House, 225 West

your high standards of right and Ninetyninth Street.

wrong would not permit you even to be Below this followed features relative careless in the matter. to times at which services are conIn order to set myself right I sent ducted and infants baptized.

out the following letter: Slowly a conviction was dawning

February 11, 1913. upon me—could it be true? I must not

Secretary, University of Pennsylvania, yet decide. Further inquiry furnished

Philadelphia, Pa. evidence that Dr. Peters had been rector since 1893 (20 years) at which time Dear Sir—Will you be kind enough to inform me as to whether Dr. John he took his father's place.

P. Peters has an official connection After coming home I ventured anwith your institution. If he is not now other letter to the secretary of the

connected with the university has he University of Pennsylvania:

been so in the past? What position March 5, 1913.

did he hold? Mr. Edward Robins, Secretary UniverSigned, p. J. PACK. sity of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia:

And in time the response came: Dear Sir—Permit me to thank you

Univprsitv of Pennsylvania, Pa., Feb. for your letter of the 17th ult. I wish

17, 1913. that you would be good enough to give

My Dear Dr. Pack—The Rev. Dr. me the date of the last connection of

Tohn P. Peters was at one time proDr. John P. Peters with your institufessor of Hebrew at the University of tion; also the total length of time he

Pennsylvania, and was also connected was so connected. Further, what ofwith our department of archaeology. I ficial connection did he have with your

think that his present address Is 225 department of archaeology and when?

West Ninetyninth street, New York I shall be greatly obliged to you for

Citv. Verv trulv yours, the information above requested. (Signed) EDWARD ROBINS, "Very truly yours,

Secretary. (Signed) F. J. PACK.

linDr. Frederick J. Pack, University There still existed in my mind a

of Utah, Salt Lake City. Utah gering belief that perhaps Dr. Peters

And again I was aparalyzed. No, might have been rector in New York the with is of not connected Dr. Peters University in the professor and but is now Pennsylvania, of University time. But the same at Pennsylvania Ninety225 west living at a "Reverend"vanish. to this was even con- I city. street, York ninth follows: New answer secretary's The I was that Spalding, fess, Dr. dear Philadelmy Pennsylvania, of University to trying were that you believe to slow 1913. 10, March phia, that myself I to argued us. deceive Pack: Dr. Dear My recently very Peters had Dr. perhaps of professor Peters was P. John Dr. Unithe with connection his severed Pennsylof University the at Hebrew Pennsylvania. of versity minthe I from And (18861893). vania carbusiness point this at just But chair this to elected he was that utes leisure a I had York. to ried New me Dr. that I understand 1886. 5, Oct. cars, got elevated I the took so hour, first and the of director was Peters walKstreet and Ninetyninth off near sent Babylonia, to expeditions second there side. And west to the over ed Univerthe of auspices the under out avenue Amsterdam of corner on the if want you and Pennsylvania, of sity magthe stood street Ninetyninth and expedithese to as details further I walked any church. Michael's St. nificent

704 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tions let me suggest that you write Why did you hide from the public to Miss Jane McHugh, assistant secrethe fact that Dr. Peters is a rector in

tary of the department of archaeology. your own church and has been for

Very truly yours, twenty years? Did you think that it

detract from the weight of his (Signed) EDWARD ROBINS, wld

Secretary. testimony?

a final LatAnd now question—the

SaintsDr. Frederick. J. Pack, terday would like an answer:

, class of University of Utah, Do you belong to the same bait Lake City, utan. ministers who have previously "inNow, Dr. Spalding, this looks like vestigated""Mormonism,"except that

plain deceit. Am I mistaken? you are using the tactics of deceit, or

Why did you lead the public to be are you so careless in your methods lieve that Dr. Peters is now at the of "inquiry"that you necessarily deUniversity of Pennsylvania when yoa ceive the public?

knew that he left there twenty years Yours for an honest and complete inago? vestigation of the claims of "MormonWhy did you not say, "Formery of ism,"

the University of Pennsylvania?"FREDERICK J. PACK.

Pfingsten

BY LILLIE E. SHIPP

There is an unusual stir today in the great city of Berlin. At dawn

the people were awakened by band music, in neighboring parks, and now the streets and gardens are thronged with men, women and children in holiday attire, on their way to various pleasure resorts.

And what is the occasion for this display, at such an early hour? This

is the last public holiday that will be celebrated, until the winter snows bring the Yuletide.

Pfingsten, or day of Pentecost, commemorates the bestowal of that great gift which came like the rushing of mighty winds and cloven tongues of fire in days of old! How little do these people dream that this same

power exists today, among the children of men, and that they could be partakers if, as Peter said, they would "Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the giftof the Holy Ghost."But alas, they banish those having

authority to administer these ordinances, out of their midst, and will not hear their message; they know not what they do.

And we are blessed above all the world in possessing this divine gift, which will lead us into all truth, lead us to understand the mysteries of heaven, to grow in grace and wisdom, to breathe in the pure, fine atmosphere which surrounds our Father's throne, giving life to the spirit, strengthening our desires to do good, increasing our love for all his children, and filling our hearts with peace.

it room that O grant that we who have received this gift, may give thoughts and loving deeds, watered it may grow in our hearts,—fed by pure

by earnest prayer. Let the sun of faith shine upon it. Let not the chilling

blast of neglect or the poisonous weeds of sin, either delay its blossoming, or hinder its bringing forth the luscious fruits, and, most desirable above all others, the fruits of life eternal.

BERLIN, GERMANY

elNTANGIBLE>

Lake Pagahrit

Chapter X—A Trail of Flour

Josh Widder's lust for selfpraise, included a mania for bragging on one or more of his horses. It was usually some brute of

which he had lately become owner, and often the extravagance of his boast was matched by the extravagance of his cruelty to the animal of which he boasted.

In the spring following the affair at the mouth of Lake

Gulch, it was a blue creature about twice as mule—a wonderful

big as a billygoat, with a slim, razorbacked look, and ears that hung like a pair of bedraggled daps. He could kick a streak,

a blue streak, of course, and packing him up was like packing a jackrabbit; for sometimes when Widder had all but hung the

panniers on the forks, the mule slipped away like an eel, and anteloped it over the hills with tail straight out behind. He, of course,

received a stiff beating for such insolent conduct, and the fat man's masterly hand tied knots in the cinch to make it short enough, and then pulled the laragos till ring struck ring. With the pack

lashed securely in place, you might see the ears in front, the tail behind, and four slender pegs holding the load above the sand but the hips and neck and narrow body of the blue mule, reached through the center of the pack like a core through an apple. According to Widder's version of it, the mule was "a absolute

honey."Josh had a grain pack on a gray mare, but the "absolute honey"carried the stupendous food supply intended to furnish one generous gorge every morning, noon, and night for. thirty

days. The little fellow nipped along under his heavy burden, and

everything went smoothly and merrily enough on the outward trip as far as Greenwater. At that camp the knots had made sores

706 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in the mule's belly, and when the saddle went on for the last time before reaching Pagahrit, he dropped his ears and became despair personified. I lowever, when the knots of the cinch drew up

against his raw flesh, he became Satan, or one of his imps, and waited with Satanic cunning to promote his Majesty's purposes.

The panniers went on O. K., and the sacks between had given the

pack its shape, the pannierstrap was buckled and ready for the canvas, when Widder's precious blue mule simply exploded, and flew down the gulch like a comet, leaving behind a path pale with

Hour, and rice, and beans, and bakingpowder; a perfect "Duke's

wouldn't mix,mixture"of all the grub but a side of bacon,—that

it landed all in one place.

That mule appeared to kick the very flap of. his ears, and

certain it is that he jabbed a hind foot through the bottom of each pannier, and smeared himself with preserves and flour and molasses, (ill lie might have been green and no one know it. With a

pannier on each hind leg, the strap tight across his hips, he prefigure suggesting a slovenlysented a vulgar picture indeed—a

cook in illfitting bloomers.

Josh mounted in redhot pursuit, and in due course of time came towing ihe mule back, dapeared and demoralized; but the

biscuitdust and its companions of the chuckbags had gone entirely to perdition.

A knotty problem faced the Pagahrit outfit: eighty miles

to any base of supplies—food for only three ordinary eaters—four

caters to eat it, and one of them with stomachcapacity to outswine a fourhundred-pound porker. A contract binding the

delivery of steers to time and place, precluded a hometrip for more provisions, so the roundup went forward; with the understanding, however, that all hands should eat plenty of beef, "go

light"on everything else.

Now it might be an injustice and a falsehood to say that Josh didn't go lighter on the hash than at other times, but granting that he ate even twentyfive per cent less than ever before, he could still circumnavigate beans and rice on a wholesale basis, and the way he shoveled them through the semilunar aperture in his face, was nothing less than a sure prophecy of famine within fifteen days. But to mention that fact to him, without using some

bloodbringing, bonebreaking argument, would be without effect and no one felt disposed at first to use the only effectual logic.

Besides the impending famine for bread, the weather bade fair to bring a famine for water also. Not a drop of rain had fallen

since February, and now, on the tenth of May, the tanks were either dry or containing only a seething mass of perishing pollywogs. A successful drive from Pagahrit to the Elk Mountain had

never yet been made without the aid of recent rains. Still, despite

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 707

the faith and hope of Fred Rojer, the sky staid clear, and the panniers grew woefully gaunt.

Even in all this, and between Ben's moments of intensity, when the flames of his anger had burned out and died away, he heard the Intangible,—that silent music from the brilliant day—

that call of enchantment from the distant haze. It came mysteriously to him from somewhere, perhaps from "his own soul the

music of wonderful melodies."Sometimes the heated desert

became a plain of glory, and the heatlegions took form of seraphs on the hills. They spoke to him in words that the spirit

hears, they stirred an emotion akin but superior to the emotion of sweet music. Also in his cave he felt the oldtime peace, put a

new notch below the date on the wall, and renewed his covenants with every intangible element of joy that had blessed him in that place.

Along with all this, like the sound of something coming selfshaping thoughts of hunger, thirst, and acoming—were

dark gulf of misery yawning between them and the date and place named in their contract.

In the afternoon of the first hard day's drive from the lake, when the bawling herd had smelled water and hurried up Castle

Wash, only to reach a sorrowful pool too small to satisfy ten head; when the horses, gaunt and weary and covered with dried

lather and dust, stood sadly and patiently to one side of the mad fancied himself on the edge of thatscramble for drink,—Ben

gulf. He heard no Intangible, he hated Josh, and unconsciously

he admitted that the clear sky was brass above, with no God to see or know their hunger and weariness, nor the financial failure they could so ill afford in their poverty to meet.

Josh was in a violent pet. His beautiful blue mule had

fagged out, and from a few noisy licks on the canvas over the saddle, the fat man developed a fierce rage, and beat the poor little '"honey,"till bloody lumps stood out on all parts of its body not covered with the pack.

"Every man an'beast in the outfil'll follow that mule's example within five days,"he mused to himself, "we can't hold up without chuck, an'the horses've got to have grass, an'the cows water, or it's all off mighty quick now."

Then old Bill, for young Rojer rode the old gray to favor

Alec and Flossy, stubbed his toe, and tumbled on to his nose.

Without taking time to consider anything but the awkward fall

Ben exploded in a volly of blows on the poor old grey.

"Don't beat your horse, son,"interposed Fred Rojer, happening just then to ride down that side of the herd, "he's a poor dumb creature,'and he isn't to blame for being away off here in this starving, choking wilderness. Do you see that sweat under his

horse can't liveeye and back of his ear? He's played out. A

708 IMPROVEMENT ERA

on grain alone, he must have grass, and you know they get mighty little of that."

"Oh I'm sorry I hit 'im,"and young Rojer caressed the lopping ears apologetically, "but it seems to me that everything is against us. I never did see affairs quite so black."

"Son, this is a very important time,"declared the father, his brave soul towering above his fear and anxiety, "I'm eager to see what kind of grit you show under conditions like these. I've

seen this sort of thing before, but you never have. I know what it

means, and I'm glad I'm here to remind you that this is one of the special manproving or thingproving tests, that the Lord has arranged for us to pass through. I'm tired and hungry, and I

don't know how this thing is going to turn out. It does look dark

as you say, that is, far as the herd and the debts are concerned, but the Lord knows all about it, and He'll fix it all up some way.

The main thing for me and you to do is to act the part of men, to show by our courage and determination that our manhood is not the kind to peter out just when it is needed most."

"But Pa, it looks pretty tough to see this herd so hollow and bawling with thirst, an'all these horses so near flunked. Alec

can't hold up till we get to the mountain, and as you say this old fellow is about 'all in'right now."

"Yes, son, I've taken account of that, and of the prospects of big loss and lots of misery; but when this herd and these horses

are all dead, you and I will be building in this or some other world, and all we will have to build on will be the foundation we begin foundation of man or thing. So I'm not thinking here—the

of the herd alone, but of you; and hoping and praying that you'll

have the sand to be true blue whatever comes. If I lose the

roundup and find out at the same time that you're a weakling,

I'll feel pretty bad. If I find you to be of good, reliable stuff, I

can stand the loss of the cows, for I expect to claim you as my son when our poverty and hardships are matters of the remote tells me it will bepast. I hear good voices yet, son—something

all gain and no loss if only we are true to the last bitter end of the ordeal."

The sky looked dryeyed upon the bleaching sand, and the last pollywogs died in the tanks. Though Castle Gulch and Clay

Hill almost smoked with thirst, they yet had more water than the country beyond, and the outfit waited there three days trying to give each choking steer a drink, before venturing into the desert oatmeal andat the foot of the hill. The beans gave out,—the

preserves and molasses and bacon gave out, and the rice and bread came down to a woefully narrow allowance for a meal.

When the last slim mess of that rice was lifted from the coals, its toothsome bubbles called loudly to the tastenerves of four starving souls. One of those souls, in the bitterness of his need,

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 709

had considered only his own self, and grown ravenous and brutal like a famishing wolf. The other three, in their gnawing hunger,

found new strength of compassion for each other's distresses.

Josh lowered himself to that meagre spread, with the grunt and puff of a huge bull reposing for a nap. In his studied diplomacy he waited till the rice dish had gone through the modest

hands of the other three. They each took about a twelfth of the

precious morsel, expecting it to return three or four times during the meal. Then the fat man took it up with triumphant grin, and

blamed if he didn't scoop out all that remained, and gulp it down with greedy smile as the biggest pug at the trough is wont to do.

Jud's jaws grew knotty, and the lips of his wide mouth pressed firmly together.

"Well I'll be"—snorted Ben, half rising, but Fred Rojer's

stern look demanded peace in their starving camp, and the three sat still in disgust, while the victorious hog grinned his satisfaction and licked his chops in perfect delight.

Each man's eyes sank farther into his head every day. Widder's trousers hung in a vacant flap at the waistband, but all that

he lost in size he made up in illtemper to man and beast. He

whipped his horses and beat the cattle, he growled and grumbled as if the three others of the outfit were personally responsible for this famine of bread and water, and as if their pangs of hunger and weariness were never so keen as his own. He sang no more

in the evening, nor wasted breath to boast of his mule. He worked

himself into a perfect frenzy whipping the poor little creature, and finally pulled off the empty saddle, and left that "absolute honey"dapeared and dejected like a dummy in the trail.

Jud's lusty voice announced the gray arrival of every one of those miserable days. He came out of bed like a thing wound

up to go off at a certain time, and he wasn't at all timid in bawling through the young daylight, "Git up an'take yer rations an'fly at it."His separation from the blankets meant a crackling,

and commotion, and smoke, which all hands had to join at once.

"Our bill-o'-fare's awful simple,"he would say, cocking some ribs up by the fire, "but I've hearn say that all great men eat simple chuck an'not much of it neither."He grinned his heavyjawed

defiance at every disheartening situation, and sang some chivalrous cowboy doggerel, just when Ben felt most like indulging his tears or his curses.

Tud may. or may not. have added a little extra for young

RojeV's benefit,—but in either case words were more than bread

and milk to the starving boy. "Ben,"he would say, looking with

his own into young Rojer's hollow eyes, "a man's the kind of a. thing that takes 'is medicine, an'keeps a hangm'an'a ratthn

The grumbler an'the bellyacher might be as big as a cow, but e aint no man."

710 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Something in the heavy jaw, or the hawkbill nose, or the crowfeet, inspired Jud's horses with the assurance that they were fellowlaborers in a great struggle, and they bore him with the same good will and starving fidelity, that he bore his own hunger and weariness.

Roast meat became the regular fare, and the perishing biscuits choice dessert. During the three days wait at Clay Hill,

a liberal slab of beef was hung by the fire in the morning; and at

noon, or as soon thereafter as he could be spared from the herd, each man came in his turn to camp, cut off a rib or a joint, and gnawed it as he rode back on the "lope."For seasoning, besides a

little salt, there was the dust of the roundup, and the echoing protest of a herd growing desperate with thirst.

In the afternoon of the third day, when they made a special ride to clear East Fork of the cattle allowed to hunt water in its sidecanyons, Ben coming out of a cove met his father on a horse completely fagged.

"You see, son,"said the man, drawing the boy's attention to the exhausted condition of the horse, "we're having some valuable experience. I hope you'll have it to remember that I bore these

things with good grace, and didn't complain against the Lord, nor vent my feelings of misery on his children or his dumb creatures."

Young Rojer had no answer worthy of expression; he simply

looked the reverence he felt for honor and fidelity, for he saw it in hunger and rage on a givenout horse.

The herd came stringing down from dry Clay Hill to a drier desert, and the dust rose up in a great choking cloud and followed like a boding evil. To fall short of Dripping Spring that day meant

their own slow gait or not at all. Somefailure,creatures—theysure, andmustyet goit would never do to urge those famishing

of them had no heart to drag one foot after another, and turned their sunken eyes threateningly back, as if to weigh their courage to make a full stop. Some did stop, and stood starkstill in the

road, while the herd moved on over the next raise in the desert.

Horses and cattle gave out that day at a sickening rate, and young Rojer raised his hollow eyes to the dry, black forest a-head, and wondered what the end would be. He was hungry and weary

a diet of flesh, sick of the bawling steers withand sick,—of

their glassy eyes and lean bodies, sick of the givenout horses and their pleading looks, of the heat and dust and the draggling herd that scarcely moved, and sick to death of Widder's thick nose, his black mustache, and the evil words proceeding always from their kindness andunder it. Without his father and Jud—without

hope, young Rojer would have thrown himself on the ground with a sullen curse for the herd and the desert, and the blistered trail of hunger and thirst ahead.

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 711

They had hoped to water some of the "drags"at Cow Tank, but that great cistern, cut by ancient streams in the solid sandstone, held seven dead cows, and poisoned the air a long way on all sides.

The herd crossed the gulch below the tank, and at sunset reached the sandhills five miles from Dripping Spring. It may have been

ten o'clock and it may have been later when they came, scratched and weary and thirsty and sore, down through the scatteringtrees and over the rock to the spring itself. It is probable they

lost a part of the herd in the dark and the cedars, and it is certain they had a big dose of misery in keeping any of them at all.

Fifteen of the strongest steers may have fought the others away all right, and satisfied their thirst before morning, but the herd as a whole got no drink. They were turned down a gulch

where a ledge hemmed them off below, and the outfit camping above completed the corral.

Jud took his bed and the horses to a shelf a mile below, and brought them back in the gray dawn of nprning.

At an early hour the bawling herd started into the cedar forest east of Dripping Spring. With no place nearer than

Peavine to corral the bunch, and no horseflesh with which to nightherd; it was Peavine or nothing that day—all hands knew

it. The sun mounted up through a cloudless sky, and by noon

they had covered barely a quarter of the distance. Josh glanced

up at the time, and raised his voice in many a wild yell which echoed away in the dry cedars of the Ridge. "Hay! Hay!

Hay!"he urged, "Git out of it, confound yer lazy souls!"and the

big lariat came fiercely down on the bony backs of the "drags."

Some of the cattle staggered uncertainly along, while others, with just strength enough to match their desperation of thirst, walked fast and far in their search for water; going away ahead,

or stringing far up or down a shallow ravine to one side. Twice

before noon the herd seemed to be scattered in the forest beyond all recovery.

The horses, packs and all, traveled straight for the mountain, and at noon six miles separated them from the steers. Dinner,

if dinner it could be called, was strictly out of the question,-—

neither could their burning thirst argue that canteen out of the pack so far ahead. No man could be spared from the herd before it

is the first opening in reached Harmony Flat, for Harmony Flat the forest on the trail from Dripping Spring. No consultation

brought forth this decision, all hands understood it without a word.! so slowly through the trees, The "drags"moved slowly, oh

weak and molike a nightmare, leaving lean, glassyeyed steers tionless in the trail behind. That trail was punctuated every

hundred yards with a yearling or a twoyear-old. Whether they

712 IMPROVEMENT ERA

found water or perished in the hunt, nobody knows. Very few

of them ever came in sight again.

From Harmony Flat, Ben took up the trail of the horses, and the various tones of the bawling herd died away behind him,—it

died away but for the echo in his ears, an echo that would not hush. He rode Flossy. She alone of his mount would go without urging. Her pacing gait of onetwo-threefour, onetwo-three

four, with an animating bound after four every time, afforded rest indeed. It was rest to look away from the misery and weariness

behind, and to move straight ahead without turning back. The

song of a bird or a breeze in the treetops, and better still the voice of that silent Something in the forest, became sweet harmony in contrast to the sounds of suffering behind!

Then out of it all, as from a spirit that spoke through the medium of those things, Ben heard the same old voice, or at any rate he caught the same old feeling in the same old way: "It

can't last is but a short moment,"and giving Flossy always—it

an affctionate touch with the spurs, he felt a new vigor in spite of the thirst that outtortured his hunger.

The tracks led on over Grand Flat, through the cedars, across

Grand Gulch, across Hell's HalfAcre and into the cedars again, but there they were and they hated like sin to turn back.

Ben met the herd on Grand Flat, and all hands drank and roasted a snack of beef. The meat did little for their failingstrength—it did more to build up the nausea and cramp which

preyed on every man. They ate in silence, that is, all but Josh,

he cursed and growled over his three ribs, though the bones, when he threw them down, could have been no cleaner if a coyote had gnawed them.

Jud looked from the bones to young Rojer, and bestowed the blessing of his widemouthed smile. "Well Ben, you do look

skinny and gaunt,"he admitted, "but you'll be a fullgrown man when ye git off o'this trip."Then taking a chivalrous firmjawed view of the whole wretched situation, he put his foot in the

stirrup. "I used to enjoy wolfing it,"he chuckled, "but that's

ain't no ramrod to thisaltogether too tame fer me any more—it

sort o'thing."

Jud may have been no more able than the others to digest a menu of straight calf, but he could relish and digest and thrive it, he seemed to have a veritable gizzard.on adversity,—for

Some element of his composition called for battle with adversiof the sterling ingredients in his sturdy comty,—it formed one

bination.

The outfit made poorer time every mile'across Grand Flat.

They went at a snail's pace through the cedars, and strained every nerve getting into and out of Grand Gulch. They toiled

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 713

over Hell's HalfAcre, and merged into the forest east of it as the shadows grew long and dim.

No one hoped now to get farther than the east brow of Cane

Gulch, and make camp in the mouth of Snowshoe Canyon.

Down that long, rocky, cedargrown hill, stumbled the herd like a thing on its last legs. The "drags,"stopping and hiding in

all directions, detained all hands at the tail of the herd, and when the leaders struck the bottom and scented water, they traveled straight up the gulch, and it is doubtful whether all four men on fresh horses could have persuaded those thirstcrazy creatures to wait.

When the last dejected stragglers came out on the dry creekbed, the van of the roundup chose ways for itself in the forks of the canyon a mile above. Every man in the outfit knew they

could never be brought back, nor induced or compelled to climb the east side if they were back. Moreover, the shades of twilight

were fast prevailing in the tangles of forest each side of the stony creekbed.

Jud rode ahead to find the packs, but Ben and his father and

Josh, moped silently along with the "drags."They had no more

life than those "drags,"and no more strength to battle the hunger and thirst which had thinned the ranks of the horses and cattle, also. Their limbs ached and must soon thin the ranks of the men

and trembled for want of the elements which enable spirit to abide in flesh. Josh lacked the energy to grumble or curse, and

the three horses and riders, and two dozen melancholy yearling steers, moved sadly and painfully onward, mute partners towards the bitter end of hard times.

With just light enough to distinguish them, they found two packhorses tied to a tree. The cattle had sought water up three

thickly wooded forks of the gulch, and climbed out in a dozen places to the steep sides of the mountain. They could be heard in We thirst! Oh all directions, saying as plain as brute may say forest a dry sky, and a dry under breeze blew dry thirst."A we hills, that on the darkness in the away stretched pines and f cedar

echoed and reechoed the cry of thirsty strangers in a strange, dismounting Rojer Fred asked son?"sand, your thi%ow's no He made a drink?"without tonight here sleep can you "think th off hunger shame thirst of agonies the for food, of mention diet by a continuous nauseated is hunger so when scene, especially

f ""I maTnot sleep,"answered Ben, "but I can chokeit-out with

S 0f thC r y arest rass grew on top of the mountain, and if any ne ne T

a fire, an *ie<? each sorrowful horse to a cedar tree.

714 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Thank the Lord we can rest a while,"observed the father, motioning young Rojer to help spread out the quilts, "and tomorrow we'll make it up to these poor old horses."

Late in the evening Jud came dragging into camp with the other three packs, and the rest of the horses. "My rattle's gettin'

mighty faint,"he panted, sinking down on a saddle, "but I've got the vinegar to climb that hill after I sleep a while."

Let us not dwell on that wretched night, and the sleep wherein "a man dreameth he drinketh, but he awaketh and behold his soul is faint."Suffice it to

say that when daylight came, no steer remained in sight or hearing; they had M

gone their several ways in quest of water, though most of the herd, as time proved, had followed the rocky gulchbottoms to the mountaintop.

The Pagahrit outfit clambered up over brush and trees and rocks before the rise of sun, and at ten o'clock reined up by the J.

B. cabin at a certain spring

on the mountain. After a

drink and a rest, and another drink of the clear, cool water, they prospected the cabin, found the outfit away but the "chuck"at home, and made camp. A COWBOY CABIN ON THE

By two o'clock the vaELK MOUNTAIN cant flap in Widder's waistband had filled out like a bloated cow, and Widder lay helpless and happy on his blankets in a corner. For all that, he was able next

morning to swing on to old Pancho and follow the outfit, each man riding his only available horse to town.

Alec and Bill and practically all the mount that had not fallen by the wayside, were left to fatten on the bluegrass of Kigaly

Point, while the Pagahrit outfit went home to recuperate.

(to BE continued) Messages from the Missions

[There are at least seventyfive thousand readers of the Improvement Era. Perhaps ten thousand of these are more or less personally

interested in the large body of missionaries laboring in the twentyone mission fields throughout the world. The Era has been printing

portraits of a large number of these missionaries with extracts from their writings. A few of our readers have complained that we might

give better matter than is contained in these "messages."We have

found, however that they are very interesting to many of our readers, and have therefore given place to them,—three or four pages monthly.

Our desire is to satisfy the majority of our readers, and hence we call attention to the improvement that may be made in this department, as well as to the good things now appearing therein.

The "messages"this month are from England, Scotland, the

United States, Australia and the Netherlands. They contain a resolution of a returned missionary who says he is determined to continue his work at home; a statement about the four best branches in

a certain mission; a portrait of four elders from one town; a description of a city is given, baptisms, meetings and Sunday Schools are

recorded; two or three name only the elders and the missions where

they labor; the fact that songs which other missionaries have sung

bear fruit in the conversion of souls, is named; a Sunday School class

is represented; we have an explanation of how the elders work to obtain

results, with statistics of their work; there is one account of how the

people show kindness to the elders, and how the latter have removed prejudice; a severe persecution in Ipswich is referred to, and a statement made of how the police have protected the elders; the hospitality

of the people in one quarter is lauded, and also the value of the excellent choirs which they have, and the good spirit that prevails among the people; one names the number of baptisms, the sale of

literature, and a healing by the power of God through his servants.

It seems to us that even the general reader would be deeply interested in these incidents, if not in the portraits. On the other

hand, much of the matter could be greatly improved by more specific and important information, and the elders are urged to devote a little more care to their writings, and to search out unusual incidents and things of vital importance in their experience to write about. To

promote faith, to interest, to give important facts, to place on record the mercies and goodnesses of God, to show that the Lord works through signs following the believer, and that he inspires, upholds and 716 IMPROVEMENT ERA

directs the elders with the power of his Spirit, should be among the aims of the writers. Let us improve the "messages"and thus create

a living intrest in the minds of the Era's 75,000 readers in the important work of the great body of missionaries ever in the field. If this

can be done, the "messages"will be continued, otherwise it is the province of the Era to give that which shall be most interesting and beneficial to all. We would enjoy hearing from our

readers on the subject. The Editors.]

Elder John O. Bankhead, Paradise,

Utah, February 10: "I returned a month

ago from my mission to St. Johns

conference, Kansas, Central States mission, and am doing my best to continue the missionary work at home by correspondence and actual services here.

The elders in the enclosed photo are, left to right: George Bradshaw, Wellsville Utah; Glenn C. Allen, Hyrum;

Charles Cordon, Preston; John O. Bankhead, Paradise, Utah. The first three are

still laboring in Kansas; all are from

Cache valley."

Elder George B. Harding, Hull, England: "We enjoy our missionary labors in this conference very much. The conference is small,

but the Saints are earnest in their faith. We have four of the best

branches of the British mission. Our meetings are well attended, and

investigators are coming out to our meetings searching for the true gospel of Christ, which we are teaching. We were very successful last

winter in holding cottage meetings, in our Bible class, and in M. I. A.

work. Elders, left to right, back row: C. A. Barlow, Iona, Idaho; D. T.

Murdock, Heber; George B. Harding, Provo; Thomas E. Kidd, Vernal;

E. A. Lemon, Marion, Utah; T. Ray Bell, Richmond; second row: James

J. Giles, Salt Lake City, Utah; H. J. Brown, Cardston, Canada; Bernard

Parry, Manti; President John F. Olsen, Hooper, Utah; Edward Williams,

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 717

Spanish Fork Utah; Joseph F Holyoak, Parowan; front row: John EBowen, Spanish Fork, Utah; Alvin J. Sharp, Preston, Idaho.

Elder H. Eugene Bair,

Glasgow, Scotland, sends the enclosed photograph of himself and three friends, all Richmond,

Utah, boys, who spent a happy New Year in Scotland, on their holiday vacation. They all enjoy their missionary work and

feel that the Lord is blessing their efforts and making them profitable and interesting. The

elders are: T. Ray Bell, H.

Eugene Bair; front row: J. Eugene Webb, Roscoe Merrill.

C. Caldwell,BBH Jamesville,Elder Wisconsin:Lorin "This is

a city of about 1,400 inhabitants, located in the south central part of Wisconsin. Tobacco is the

chief industry, though there are many factories of various kinds—farm implements, barb wire,

furniture, overalls, cloth factories, machine shops, and other industrial institutions. We found

great encouragement here the past winter, and have made many friends. Six have applied

for baptism, and we have good prospects for several more. We

hold Sunday School and meeting each Sunday, well attended.

We hope soon to have a thriving branch in this city. Elders,

on left: Leo C. Christensen,

Richfield; front, Lorin C. Caldwell, Vernal; back, Adam Gedlaman, Cardston, Canada; right,

Lee Reese, Benson, Utah."

Elder L. M. Coombs sends

the accompanying oicture of the elders recently laboring at

Edinburgh, Scotland: Charles

V. Kimball, Salt Lake Citv:

Wilford E. Allen, Coalville;

Paul S. Richards, Salt Lake

City, Utah; Leo M. Coombs,

Alberta, Canada.

Elders Warren S. Tew and

David H. Cannon, Birmingham,

England, Jan. 31: "During the last summer we were subject to much

severe persecution and abuse, but it has resulted in a great deal of <* W* JS m. vi5 J* * AT * If *si

)> V 7* vsvv* I

'"i \ 0* 1* - y

good. Our meetings are now very well attended by strangers, and

conditions seem brighter than for some time. Elders, left to right:

Harry V. Graham, Teton; George Hamp, Grace, Idaho; David H. Cannon, Salt Lake; D. Murray Davis, Bountiful; W.A. Wells, Eureka: S. D.

Wilstead, Castle Gate; Joseph A. Bodily, Fairview; Clyde A.Russell, Eureka; Warren S.Tew, Mapleton; James M.Jones, Peterson.Utah; Luther

H. Haderlie, Freedom, Wyo.; William Burrows, Sandy, Utah; Wilson

K. Lindsay, La Grande, Oregon. Sitting, Harper W. Noble, Smithfield; Philip C. Reynolds, Salt Lake; Conference Clerk Joseph E.

Webb, Richmond; President Rudger Clawson, President Albert T.

Smith, Clearfield; Leland F. Pilkington, Smithfield; Joseph H. Davis,

Salt Lake; and William H. Woodyatt, Willard, Utah."

Elder William F. Rigby, Eldorado

Springs, Mo., February 7: "We are meeting with good success in holding meetings, following the path of Elders Walker

and Ryder who did missionary work here some six or eight years ago. Much

good has come from their labors. The

people still remember the songs they sang, and we were requested to sing them again. This shows that the songs

of Zion, sung by the elders, are not soon forgotten by the people. We nray for

those who helped to advance the cause of truth. The people are realizing that

there is something attractive in the revealed gospel."Elders Wm. F. Rigby, Fairview, Utah; Thomas N. Perkins, Bedford,

Wyo.

Elders of the Georgia Conference, January 18, 1913: Top row,

left to right: Earl W. Folkman, Ogden; Thomas O. Huffaker, Manassa, Colo.; Willard C. Stolworthy, Kirtland, New Mexico; Richard A.

Ward, Treasureton, Idaho; Wm. C. Potter, Loa, Utah; John D. WestBrook, Sanford, Colo.; Parley Bitton, Blackfoot, Idaho. Middle row:

Hans C. Gregersen, Basalt, Idaho; Zoral H. Stephens, Mancos, Colo.;

Robert H. Wallis, Rexburg; Louis E. Packer, Riverdale; A. Russell

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 719

Wright, Bennington, Idaho. Front row: Miss Julia A. Brown, Provo;

Conference President Benjamin O. Carlston, Ephraim; Mission President Chas. A. Callis; Isaac W. Clark, Lehi; Miss Rosa E. Durrant,

American Fork.

Elders of the Alabama Conference: Front row, left to right: H.

E. Wilson, Cowley, Wyo., John L. Berrett, Ogden; Ephraim Sorensen, Blackfoot, Idaho; Archie Smith, Draper; Frank Sullivan, Leeds;

E. L. Richeson, Logan, Utah; John J. Brady, Manassa, Colo.; Guy V.

Lamoreaux, Hubbard, Ariz.: Willard R. Smith, Holbrook, Idaho; J.

s f t 9 } iHH St 1\1 mw m<& wi'\iv iff

- V f 1 % **** # +* * % E. Ward Parowan. Back row: Win. J. Mackelprang, Johnson; Heber

Meeks, Kanab; Conference President B. Y. Kimball, Kanosh; Chas.

A. Callis; Mission President A. M. Hall, Eagar, Ariz.; J. L. Hatch,

Hatch, Idaho; H. B. Stevens, Salt Lake City.

This picture was taken out in New Zealand, where our missionary work is carried on quite extensively among the Maoris, and some among the Europeans. These are members of the Auckland Sunday

School. Although this picture was taken the day after Christmas,

some of the Elders standing in the rear can be seen in their shirtsleeves, and the little girls are in their summer attire. All are happy,

for every one of the children had been awarded a prize. Quite a con720 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tented look may be seen on Elder Geo. C. Hill's face, as he stands to

the left in the rear. Next to him on the right is Elder Julius H. Campbell, then Elder F. VV. Halls and Elder D. G. Seegmiller. Mission

President Romncy is the central figure, with Sister Romncy to the

right, and little William Romney to the left, sitting, and from his smiling face you would think he had won two prizes.—O. D. R.

Lorin Park, of the South Dakota conference, and his companion,

Elder Joseph A. Patterson, write that they have been successful in

distributing literature and holding meetings in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, which town they are thoroughly tracting. In spite of anti-"Mormon"lecturers who are continually canvassing the state, the truth is

coming to light, particularly to those who follow the advice of Paul, "Prove all things; hold fast that which is

good."

Elder Lester C. Hendrickson, Creswell, North Carolina: "During February

we have been laboring among the oeople who live along the Atlantic coast. Persecution here was very strong against the

elders some time since, but prejudice is now dying away, and people are investigating our doctrine. A good manv schoolhouses are open to us, and a few

churches. We have some good meetings

hear us. Elders, left to right, standing * J$ ** and generally large crowds come out to Ray C. Bartholomew, Fayette, Utah

Lester C. Hendrickson, Lillian, Idaho

sitting, T. O. Porritt, Moore, Idaho; L.

K. Jones, Bluff, Utah."

Elder Ernest Anderson, writing from

Hattiesburg, Mississippi, March 1: "We

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 721

have canvassed the small towns along the railroads for the past two months. During the day we canvassed the towns and at night we

went out into the country where we obtained entertainment. We

walked from one town to the other, thus saving expense. In

reporting to Brother Callis he gave us some valuable instructions and commended us upon our work. We sold 53 Books of

Mormon, 150 small books and distributed 8,448 tracts, and visited 2,550 families. We had the

privilege of holding many hall meetings, where the elders have never preached before, and these were attended by large crowds of people who seemed pleased with our message, and usually invited us to hold more meetings. Elders, back row, left to right: Calvin Memmott, Scipio, Utah; Charles Ellis, Mancos, Colorado; front

row: Ernest Anderson, Thatcher, Idaho; Lewis W. Smith, Riverdale,

Idaho."Elder Vaughan A. Cutler, St. Joseph, Mo., March 13: "Our conference is in a very prosperous condition. There are twentyone elders

and four lady missionaries in eastern Missouri at present. In St.

Louis we have an organized branch and the Saints are scattered throughout the conference. We have seventyfive members in St.

Louis, and have many investigators in the state."

Thom- M. L. L. J. Wells Stoddard, Alma R. E. Rigtrup, C. row-W. Top K. Adkinson J. B. Mendenhall A Layton, B. WBates, Anderson, O. Clegg, C.son, W. H. bparks Critchfield Pearl. H Mitchell J Lila Mecham, rowNettie SecondThomson. Third, Cutler Bushman, Sylvia A V Bennion Vilate Thomas, Wrathall, J. B.Eva Kimball. Jr. President S.F. Conference Hess D. S. Dalley, J- R. Allen, F.row-E. Bates, A. Garner, W. C. J. U Chamberlain, W. Bennion, S. J. O. PresidentMission

Thomson. 722 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elder G. A. Thompson, Birchtree, Mo., March 14: "We find the

people in and around Westplains very friendly, though most of them in the country are poor. As ministers of the gospel, we are always

welcome and they are glad to share their humble homes with us, and we always have a place to stop over night. Some are a little prejudiced, not so much against us as against our religion. One young man

told us he did not think a "Mormon"was a Christian. But when we

tell them what "Mormonism"means, and explain its beautiful principles, they are generally very good to us. Elders laboring in

Oregon and Howell counties, left to right: J. K. Thompson,

Salt Lake City. G. A. Thorn >-

son, Richmond; Amos Vv. Atkinson, Kamas; William C. Rigtrup, Spanish Fork."

Elder Byron Mendenhall, Ipswitch, England, February 28: "We have experienced during the past two months some

exciting and interesting times here, owing to scandalous stories circulated from pulpit and press, concerning our teachings. The animosity

of the people has been aroused to such an extent that our existence here for a time was threatened. Twice our meetings have been entered and broken up by angry mobs, chairs, glassglobes, etc., being

broken, but no personal injury inflicted on anyone present. Determined to hold our meetings, we secured a padlock and key for the

front gate leading to the hall, also keys for all doors. Generally five

elders stood on guard on the outside, while the sixth conducted the services inside. Our unwise stroll in Christ Church Park, one Sunday

afternoon, resulted very unpleasantly for three of us. A crowd gathered from all directions, and chased us through the park and streets to

our lodge, pelting us with stones, sods, and walking canes. Large

crowds gathered on Sunday in the vicinity of our hall and raised considerable disturbance, but the police have captured several offenders, who will doubtless be punished according to the law. Owing to the

hostility of the crowd, we have stayed in our hall the last two Sunday nights until after midnight, when ten police, who are our best friends in this city, and detectives, escorted us to safety. Notwithstanding this

bitter feeling, we rejoice in our calling as messengers of truth. The

present persecution, we are sure, is brough on by ignorance and prejudice, which by the help of the Lord we will do our best to enlighten.

The Elders are united and enjoy good health.

The elders, top row:

Byron Mendenhall, Mapleton; John S. Nelson,

Lorenzo, Idaho; Willard Bennion, Salt Lake

City. Front row: James

D. Thorne, Pleasant

Grove; Alberton Willardson, Mayfield; Amos. L. Cook, conference

president, Syracuse, Utah."

Elder F. S. Emery, Groningen, Netherlands: "We are having good

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 723

success in this part of the mission. The people in the north Netherands are noted for their hospitality. They are fairminded and willing

to investigate the gospel. We have had the privilege of bearing our

testimonies to large numbers of people. Our meetings are well attended, and the spirit of love is everywhere manifest among the Saints.

We have a splendid choir, which, under the able management of Elder Fiet, is a source of attraction to strangers and beneficial to the Saints. We have just

enough persecution to bring investigators. Elders, left to right:

J. V. Parker, Rexburg, Idaho;

Frank S. Emery, Sixteenth ward,

Salt Lake City; Joseph Fiet,

branch president, Roy, Utah; and

H. R. Cowburn, conference president, Twentyeighth ward, Salt Lake City, Utah."

Elder C. R. Hart, Durango, Colo,

March 15: "'We are enjoying our work

very much here. We hold Sunday

School and meetings that are well attended, by Saints, friends, and investigators. A number of people are earnest

in their search for truth, and we feel that much good can be accomplished here in the future. Elders, back: C. R. Hart,

Raymond, Idaho; front, H. P. Murray,

Wellsville, Utah."

Elders Thomas M. Reese, Coalville,

Utah, and Thomas C. Tanner, Blackfoot,

Ida., write from Goldsboro, North Carolina, March 8: "We find many friends in

the country districts, and have numerous opportunities to hold cottage meetings, and baptized five, and explained the gospel to a. large number of neople

who came to witness the baptisms. We

sold two Books of Mormon and eight other books. An elderly lady was restored to health by the power of God

through the ministration of Elder Tanner, and has expressed a desire soon to be baptized. We made many friends

and obtained a number of investigators as a result of our meetings. Invitations

were extended to us by prominent men to visit with them whenever we could."

Elder J. B. Thomas, Bloomington,

111., March 17: "The elders and sisters

of the Bloomington, 111., branch of the

Northern States mission have been diligently working in Bloomington for the past few months. Ten believers have

been baptized during the past three months. The people are realizing the truthfulness of the message we

724 MPROVEMENT ERA

are bearing unto them. We tract i n the morning, leaving our literature

with the neople, most of whom re ceive it very kindly and with appreciation. We spend the afternoons in retracting and revisiting and conversing on the principles of the gospel, and

make dates and calls in the evening when all are at home. This we

find the most profitable visit. Elders, left to

right, top row: W. C.

Carver, Ogden; J. B.

Thomas, Spanish Fork;

Viola Howard, Clearfield, Utah; J. S. Dudley, branch president,

Hill Spring, Canada;

Ida Bistline, Logan, Utah."

Elder R. H. McCune, Peoria 111., March 22: "During the past six

months the elders in the Peoria 111., district of the Northern States

mission have made many friends, and were privileged to baptize ten people, every one of whom are proud of the truth and of the gospel. Elders, top

row: Leslie Warburton, Tooele, Utah; Samuel C. Young, Bluewater, N. M.; Ross H.

McCune, Ogden. Bottom row: Pearl Anderson, Sugar City, Idaho;

Conference President Myron F. Higbee, Cedar City, Utah; Leona

Ossman, Rexburg, Idaho."

Temple Anthems, volume one, is the title of a book of nineteen anthems, recently published by the Deseret News and edited by Prof.

Evan Stephens. The anthems are designed for general use, and fill a

demand that has long existed among all the choirs of the Church. The

aim, as stated by the publishers, has been to secure a list of anthems within the range of the average choir, all of which will be popular and suitable for worship. The book includes compositions by leading

home writers, consisting of many old favorites and several new anthems. The desire has been to keep the standard high without making

the selections too difficult. A second volume is promised if this volume

is accorded the reception which the publishers hope for. No choir

leader in the Church will wish to be without an ample supply of this compilation which may be obtained at the Deseret News Book Store,

Salt Lake City, Utah; price $4.50 per doz.

Editors'Table

Order of Government in the Church*

The strength of Israel I apprehend is here today, representing the whole Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, not only in the organized stakes of Zion, but in many of the missions in the world.

I need not say to my brethren engaged in the ministry that it is expected of them that one and all will attend to the labors, and be true to the responsibilities, that rest upon them in the discharge of their duties as officers in the Church. We expect that

the presidencies of the stakes of Zion will be exemplars to the people. We expect them of a truth to be fathers unto those over

whom they preside, men of wisdom, of sound judgment, impartial and just, men who will indeed qualify themselves, or who are indeed qualified by their natural endowments and by the inspiration from God which it is their privilege to enjoy, to preside in righteousness and to sit in righteous judgment over all matters brought to their attention, or that may legitimately belong to their office and calling.

We anticipate the same fidelity, the same faithfulness, the same intelligent administration of their duties, from the bishops and their counselors, and indeed upon these rests perhaps the greatest responsibility, for the reason that they are expected by their presidencies to attend to the various interests and needs of their people. It is expected of a bishop to know all the people

that reside in his ward, not only those who are faithful members of the Church, diligent in the performance of their duties, and prominent by their good acts, but to know those who are cold and indifferent, lukewarm, and inclined to err and to make mistakes; and not only these, but it is expected that the bishops,

through their aids in their wards, will become acquainted, not only with their members, male and female, but that they will know also the stranger that is within their gates, and be prepared to minister solace, comfort, good counsel, wisdom, and every in need,other aid possible to be rendered, to those who are whether they are of the household of faith or are strangers to the truth. So that there is a great deal expected of the bishops

*From President Joseph F. Smith's opening address at the General Conference, April, 1913.

726 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and their counselors, and the elders and lesser priesthood in their wards, whom they call to their aid in administering to the people, both spiritually and temporally; and I want to remark in this connection, that it is the duty of these bishops and of the presidencies

of the stakes of Zion, together with their high councils, to administer justice and right judgment to every member of their wards and of their stakes.

Included in this are the high priests and the seventies and the elders and the apostles and patriarchs and the presidency of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. No man who is a

member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, or who has a standing in the Church as a member, is exempt from his responsibilities as a member and his allegiance to the bishop of the ward in which he dwells. I am as much bound to acknowledge my bishop, as a member of the ward in which I dwell,

as the humblest and latest member of the Church. No man who

claims to be a member of the Church in good standing can ride above or become independent of the authority that the Lord

Almighty has established in his Church. This watchcare of the

people, of their right living, of their fidelity to their covenants and to the gospel of Jesus Christ, belongs to the presidents of stakes and their counselors and the high councils, or members of the high council, to the bishop and his counselors and the teachers of his ward.

Then we have the organizations of the holy Priesthood. We

have the council of the First Presidency, consisting of three presiding High Priests, who are called of God and appointed to preside over the Church, and over the priesthood of God, and I want to say here that it does not follow, and never has followed, that the members of the First Presidency of the Church are necessarily to be ordained apostles. They hold by virtue of their rights

as presidents of the Church all the keys and all the authority that pertains to the Melchizedek Priesthood, which comprehends and comprises all of the appendages to that priesthood, the lesser priesthood, and all the offices in the priesthood, from first to last, and from least to greatest; and I would to the Lord that some of

our wouldbe wise men would learn this truth and establish the same in their minds that they might not everlastingly be at sea in regard to it, and be always asking questions of the most nonsensical kind with reference to the rights of the priesthood. All

you have to do is to read the revelations through the Prophet

Joseph Smith, giving to the Church the authorities of the priesthood that God has restored in the latter day. It is as perfect,

as plain as the A B C's of our language, and only needs to be read with the spirit of understanding to be perfectly comprehended.

The duty of the Twelve Apostles of the Church is to preach the gospel to the world, to send it to the inhabitants of the earth,

EDITORS'TABLE 727

and to bear testimony of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, as living witnesses of his divine mission. That is their special calling, and

they are always under the direction of the presidency of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, when that presidency is intact, and there is never at the same time two equal heads in the Church—never. The Lord never ordained any such

thing, nor designed it. There is always a head in the Church,

and if the presidency of the Church are removed by death or other cause, then the next head of the Church is the Twelve Apostles until a presidency is again organized of three presiding High

Priests who have the right to hold the office of First Presidency over the Church; and, according to the doctrine laid down by

President Wilford Woodruff, who saw the necessity for it, and that of President Lorenzo Snow, if the president should die, his counselors are then released from that presidency, and it is the duty of the Twelve Apostles to proceed at once, in the manner that has been pointed out, to see that the First Presidency is reorganized so that there may be no deficiency in the working and order of the priesthood in the Church.

Now again, the bishoprics and the presidents of stakes have exclusive jurisdiction over the membership or the standing of men and women in their wards and in their stakes. I want to

state that pretty is to say, it is not my duty, it is not plain—that

the duty of the seven presidents of seventies, nor of the council of the twelve apostles, to go into a stake of Zion and try for membership or for standing in the Church, ar.y member of a stake or

; it belongs to the localward. We have no business to do it

authorities, and they have ample authority to deal with the membership in their wards and in their stakes. The bishops may try

an elder for misconduct, for unchristianlike conduct, for apostasy, or for wickedness of any kind that would disqualify him fo membership in the Church, and they may pass upon him their judgment that he is unworthy of fellowship in the Church, and they may withdraw from him their fellowship. Then they may

refer his case to the presidency and high council of the stake to deal with him, even to the extent of excommunication from the

Church, and there is no remedy for this, only the right of appeal to the Presidency of the Church. If there may be, perchance, anv

injustice, any partiality, lack of information or understanding on the part of the bishopric, which may not be corrected and therefore might be perpetuated by the decision of the high council, and the party aggrieved does not feel that he has had justice dealt out to him, he then has a right, under the laws of the Church, to appeal to the Presidency of the Church, but not otherwise. We

want it distinctly understood that we cannot hear the complaints of members of the Church against their bishops, nor against their presidents, nor against their fellow members in the Church. If

728 FMPROVEMENT ERA

we were to yield to a thing of this kind, we could usurp and do away with the authority of the bishops, and with the presidencies of the stakes, and we would have the responsibility of trying any or all the members of the Church who might have troubles to adjust, and that would be a practical impossibility. We could not

do it; and then, it would not be right to do it, because God has

designed it the other way. The Lord has given us a more perfect organization than that.

Therefore, we want the cranks and the crazy folks, the insane, if there are any, who wish to step over their bishops and their presidents to the Presidency of the Church or to the Twelve, to distinctly understand that if they do so, we will refer their case to their local authorities to be dealt with on the ground, where the evidence can be had pro and con and where justice can be meted out to them. We have enough to do, goodness. knows, without

listening to the complaints and cries, mournings and bickerings of individuals, everywhere, however few, comparatively, for the limits of the Church are now spread out and extended to the islands of the sea and to distant continents and countries, for the gospel is being preached to the nations of the world. And we cannot

hear all the complaints of individuals. The Lord has organized

these councils in the Church, such as the bishop's councils, and the high councils, with the presidencies in the Church, to take care of the people, to see that no injustice is done by one to another in the Church, to see that no unrighteousness exists that can be averted or that can be corrected, and to see that justice and judgment and righteousness shall reign in the organizations of the

Church, and no wickedness or vileness be permitted to linger and corrode the body of the Church by neglect of being dealt with in the proper way. Not that we should injure, or hurt, or oppress

the furthest thought in the world from my heart is oppression.

No man should be oppressed. No authority of the priesthood

can be administered or exerted in any degree of unrighteousness, without offending God. Therefore, when we deal with men we

should not deal with them in anger. We should not deal with

them with prejudice in our minds against them. We should dismiss prejudice, dispel anger from our hearts, and when we try our

brethren for membership or fellowship in the Church we should do it dispassionately, charitably, lovingly, kindly, with a view to save and not to destroyThat is our business; our business is to

save the world, to save mankind, to bring them in harmony with the laws of God and with principles of righteousness, justice and truth, that they may be saved in the kingdom of our God and become, eventually, through obedience to the ordinances of the gospel, heirs of God and joint heirs with Jesus Christ. That is

our mission.

Now, then, we have our high priests'quorums or councils,

EDITORS'TABLE 729

and we have our seventies'councils, and our elders, and then we have the councils of the priests, teachers and deacons in the lesser priesthood. These councils each and all in their organized

capacity have jurisdiction over the fellowship of the members of these is, if a man is an elder, or if a man has a councils—that

standing in the seventies'quorum, or is a member of the high council, or the high priests'quorum, and he is misbehaving himself, shows a lack of diligence, a lack of faith, a lack of reverence for the position he holds in his council, or quorum, his fellowship in that quorum to which he belongs, or his standing should be looked after or enquired into, for he is amenable to his quorum for his good standing and fellowship in it. So that we

have the check that the Lord has placed upon members of the

Church, and when I say members of the Church, I mean me, I mean the apostles, I mean the high priests, and the seventies, and elders. I mean everybody that is a member of the Church; and

I say that when these members of the Church are in error or doing wrong, we have the check on them; in the first place, in

the wards, bishops look after them; then their quorums to which

they belong have jurisdiction and they are required to look after them, too; and then after their quorums look after them, the

presidencies of the stakes look after them, and see that they are applauded when they do their duties and keep the commandments of the Lord. So the Lord has placed a great many checks

upon the members of the Church, with a view to teaching them right principles, to help them to do right, to live right and to be pure and clean from the sins of the world, that the body of the

Church may be perfected, that it may be free from disease, from all contagious evils, just as the body of the man Christ Jesus is free from all taint, evil, and sin. So God has placed these safeguards in the Church from the deacons to the apostles, and to

the presidency of the Church, with a view of persuading men and women to keep themselves pure and unspotted from the world, and to help them to be faithful to their covenants entered intc with one another and with their God

Joseph F. Smith.

Mother

I learned in my childhood that no love in all the world car at a loss to know how it equal the love of a true mother. I am

would be posisble for any one to love children more truly than did felt, sometimes, How could even the father my mother I have 730 IMPROVEMENT ERA

love his children more than my mother loved hers? Her love was

life to me, it was strength, encouragement; it was a love that

begot love or likeness in myself. I knew she loved me with all

her heart and soul. She would toil and sacrifice herself day

and night for temporal comforts and blessings to provide for and her time, leisure,give to her children. No sacrifice of self—of

pleasure, or opportunities for considered for a morest—was

ment, when compared with her duty and love to her children.

When fifteen years of age, I was called to a foreign country to preach the to learn how, and to learn it for myself. gospel—or

The strongest anchor of my life, which helped to hold my ambitions and desires steady, to bring me upon a level and keep me straight, was the love of my mother. Only a young boy, with

immature judgment, without the advantages of an education, I was thrown into the midst of the greatest temptations possible for any boy or man to be subjected to. Yet, whenever those allurements became most enticing to me, the first thought that arose

in my soul was this: "Remember the love of your mother. Remember how she strove for your welfare. Remember how willing she was to sacrifice her life for your good. Remember what

she taught you in your childhood."Mother always insisted upon

only book, except a fewmy reading the New Testament—the

school books, that we had in the family, or that was within the reach of us at that time. My love for my mother and the recollection of her teachings became a strong defense, a protecting

barrier between sin, temptation and me. I became able to turn

aside from evil by the help of the Lord, and because of the love begotten in my soul toward her whom I knew loved me more than any other living being could love me.

A wife may love her husband, but this love is different from the love of mother for her child. The true mother, the mother

who has the fear of God and the love of truth in her soul, will never hide from danger and harm, nor leave her child exposed to them. But, as naturally as sparks fly upward, and as it is to breathe

the breath of life, mother steps between her child and danger.

She will defend her child to the uttermost. Her life is as

nothing in the balance, in comparison with the life of her child.

children.That is the love of true motherhood—for

I place a high estimate upon the love of mother. I have often

said, and will repeat it, that the love of a true mother comes nearer to being like the love of God than any other kind of love.

There are two divine personages that I can scarcely think or talk about without it softens my spirit, and brings me down to the similitude of a little child; and those two beings are my mother

and my Lord Jesus, my Redeemer! You boys who are absent to

day, remember mother with a letter. She deserves it as regularly

as the weeks come and go. In the pursuit of your duties, your

EDITORS'TABLE 731

vocations, as well as in all the vicissitudes and actions of your lives, remember her counsels, admonitions, and prayers. Honor

and respect her as she deserves, and you shall be honored by the

Prince of Life.

Joseph F. Smith.

Peace

The month of May is eminently the "peace month"of the year. The fourth American peace congress will be held at St.

Louis during the first week of the month. The Lake Mohonk

congress will also be held this month, and the Utah State Peace society will hold its annual meeting on the 18th of May, in this city, in the Tabernacle, if the use of that building can be obtained for the purpose, through the courtesy of the First Presidency, as on one or two former occasions. Peace day will be observed in

memory of the first Hague congress, all over the world.

The question might be asked, What is the use of all peace congresses and all the agitation for universal arbitration? War

and war preparations go on just the same. Do not the prophets

of our Lord, both ancient and modern, depict a time yet to come when wars will devastate the world; when there shall be trouble,

such as never was from the beginning of the world; when, in fact,

all who will not take up sword against his brother must go to

Zion for peace and tranquility?

This is true. Everyone familiar with the word of God

knows that wars and strife, not only between nations but between different classes of society, are yet to form page upon page of the history of the world. But they know also that the same prophets

speak of the time when there shall be universal peace; when "nation shall not lift up sword against nation; neither shall they

learn war any more, but they shall sit every man under his vine and under his fig tree, and none shall make them afraid"(Micah 4:1-7). The fact that a time of universal peace and prosperity

is coming is just as clear in the prophetic word as the other fact that there is a time of trouble yet in the future. Nor is there any

contradiction in these two sets of prophetic utterances. The nations of the world are facing certain problems that can be solved

only by the aid of the sword, as, for instance, the Balkan problem about which one of the most sanguinary wars of history has just been waged. But such wars only hasten the day of universal

peace. They are the necessary preliminary to the Millennium.

Let us consider the facts. According to the Divine Word,

all the"God made of one blood all nations of men"to dwell on face of the earth, and he "determined the times before appointed"732 IMPROVEMENT ERA

for their existence, as well as the boundaries of their habitation, and all for the purpose that they might seek the Lord and find him (Acts 17:26, 27). From which it is clear that the division of the

human family into nations, kindreds, tongues, etc., as originally

made, is of divine origin, and necessary for the divine plan of redemption. It is not accidental; nor without its religious meaning. But during the long, dark ages "of the rebellion of man

against God, the divine plan has been set aside. The boundaries

appointed have been obliterated in many instances, by wars of conquest and robbery. Nation has enslaved nation. By unrighteous wars nations that were never destined to mix have been

forced together under one crown, or scepter. Languages have

been brutally suppressed and buried in the tomb of oblivion. In

the Balkan peninsula we see this mixture perhaps more than anywhere else on the face of the earth. There the Turks from

Asia came like a whirlwind and upset everything. They subdued

Greeks, Bulgarians, Slavs, and every other nationality, and forced them into their "melting pot."Similar conditions obtain elsewhere. In AustriaHungary the experiment is being made of

making one nation out of Slavs, Germans, Magyars, Wallachs,

Czechs, Poles, Croats, Serbs, and others. Russia holds a conglomeration of nationalities, most of which have been forced to

come together at the point of the sword. The nations of the

world as a rule are founded on injustice to other nations. They

occupy territory stolen from others. They rule over weaker nations by force and not by mutual agreement. All this injustice

must be atoned for. Nationalities must be separated and rehabilitated. National boundaries must be restored. The wrongs perpetrated by wars must be righted. In some instances this can be

done only by means of war. And therefore we look forward to

many a sanguinary conflict, of the same nature as the Balkan war. But when every wrong between nations is righted and perfect justice restored, there will be nothing to cause war. There

will be no need of armies and navies. Most of the great nations

need their military forces to keep the incongruous elements together. AustriaHungary, Germany, Russia, would not exist

long without their armies, for Slavs, Teutons, Poles, Finns, Magyars, etc., would set up governments of their own the moment

they should dare to do so. Hence, armies would be superfluous

if governments would give each conquered race full justice. To

this we look forward with confidence. We believe every crushed

nation which still retains national life will be restored. We look

forward to a sifting and purification of the nations, through many tribulations. We look forward, not only to the restoration of Palestine to the Jews, but of the Grecian states to the Greeks, and the

lands belonging to the Slavs to that race. We look forward to

the restoration of Poland, and Finland; to the consolidation of

EDITORS'TABLE 733

some races that are now unjustly divided, and to the division of empires which are held together only by brute force. And all this

as a preliminary to the establishment of the universal brotherhood of man—a world republic under the presidency of the Son of

God.

In the meantime, it is our solemn duty to prepare the sentiment of the world for universal peace, which is the great principle upon which the government of man during the Millennium will be founded. It is the next step in advance. Man has had several

forms of government. The first was the Patriarchal. Under this

the family was the unit. The head of the family was the representative of God. He was lawgiver, judge, and executive, as the

visible representative of the Almighty. Then came the Mosaic

dispensation, in which the families were gathered into a nation, the nation being the unit. The head of the nation was, to the

nation, what the head of the family was to the family during the previous dispensation. During the Christian dispensation the

chosen nation was scattered, and the standard bearers of truth were commanded to go to every part of the world. It was a scattering dispensation for the purpose of preparing all the world

for the last and highest civilization. The next dispensation will

be one of gathering. In it the human family will be united in one

great federation, under the divine head, with all the gifts and graces of every previous dispensation restored. The friends of

peace have no other object than to prepare the world for this consummation of all things. They hope to prepare the sentiment

for the Millennium. It can never come until the world is prepared for it. The peace advocates are laboring in many instances

in the dark, not knowing just exactly what step to take from time to time. But the Latterday Saints need not be in the dark on

this question. They can proceed in the light of the prophetic

word. And they, more than all others, should be the advocates

of peace, and the supporters of the peace movement. For they

believe that the world belongs to the Prince of Peace.

J. M. SjODAHL.

Deacons and Outlines for Study.—There are some 20,000 Deacons

in the Church. Out of this number more than fifty per cent are enrolled in the classes of the various wards of Zion. The course of study

for 1913 is upon the subject, "Some of the Experiences in the Lives of

Early Church Leaders and Members,"a book of some 130 pages.

Comparatively few of these have been sold, and the bishops are urged to look into this matter, and see that more copies of the text books are placed in the hands of the Deacon? so that they may enter with greater

spirit into their work.

Priesthood Quorums'Table

Report of the Committee on Priesthood Outlines

Read at the Annual Conference Priesthood Meeting, April, 1913.

Dear Brethren: The present arrangement for the improvement

of the Priesthood Quorums has been in operation for about four years, since 1908. Looking back over this period we have only cause for

congratulation in observing the growth and development of the work.

A few moments may well be spent by this great body in the contemplation of some of the points in which we have advanced during the period named. Therefore, let us devote a little time in emphasizing

the successes that have been accomplished, and in contemplating others that are being worked out at present.

i. priests'quorums.

Taking as a keynote the 87th and 88th verses of the 107th Section of the Doctrine and Covenants, this committee and the Presiding

Bishopric urged that the bishops throughout the Church, who are the presidents of the Priests'Quorums, should carry these instructions into effect: "Also, the duty of the president over the Priesthood of

Aaron is to preside over 48 priests, and sit in council with them to teach them the duties of their office as given in the covenants. This

president is to be a bishop; for this is one of the duties of this Priesthood."

One year ago, when Bishop Nibley's circular letter went forth to the bishops of the Church, not over 30 bishops had paid attention to these instructions. According to the latest report received, it is learned

that out of the bishops of 715 wards there are now in the neighborhood of 500 who preside over and instruct the Priests'Quorums or classes of their respective wards, following the instructions given last April, that whenever there were enough Priests they should be organized into quorums, the bishops set to work, and as a result we have now 258 organized quorums of 25 Priests or more in each, presided over by the bishops. The advantages of this arrangement are, first, that

the bishops come in personal contact with the men Priests—young

lives; and second,of impressionable age,—at a critical period of their

that they are thus able to teach and instruct them at a time when they most need it. This movement has resulted in an increase in the number of Priests. There are at the present time 7,578 Priests in the

Church, which is an increase for the past year or more than 1,000.

In passing, it should be stated here, that in the organization of

Priests'Quorums, and this applies also to the organization of any

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 735

other quorums in the Church, when there are not sufficient numbers to form a full quorum there should always be a majority before a quorum is organized. Thus no quorum of Priests should be organized

with fewer than 25 members. This, however, does not prevent the

bishop from following the instructions previously given, that where the number is too small for a quorum to be organized, he should still preside over the Priests, since that is his special duty and calling, and see that they are instructed properly in their duties at the weekly

Priesthood meetings.

II. WARD TEACHING.

Here is another very important division of work that has been emphasized in the past year with excellent results, and which is being urged at the present time upon the authorities throughout the Church.

There is an unusual interest aroused in this great work of ward teaching, which cannot fail to result in great good to the people, and in growth to the Church of Christ.

In the 64 stakes of Zion, there are 12,500 brethren engaged in this noble cause. They are laboring in 6,250 districts, with an average to

each two teachers of 11 families. In some of the wards the average

number of families to each teacher very largely exceeds 11, but it has been observed that the best results were obtained where fewer than 8 families were assigned to a pair of teachers. The bishops of the various wards are, therefore, urged to cut up their wards into smaller

districts, thus setting more people at work, and at the same time obtaining better results. It has been urged by some bishops that they

have not the material in their wards, but it has been proved by experience by those who have followed instructions that there is more slumbering material in the wards suitable for this work than some bishops ever dreamed of. The object should be to set everybody to

work, including especially the ordained teacher and the priest who should be set to. work with the more experienced brethren, thus interesting them in the cause and creating life and activity in the ward.

It appears from the reports sent to the Bishop's Office, that every month of the past year over 20,000 families were visited by the teachers. One of the interesting facts in connection with the report is, that

in a number of the country districts the most successful work of the teachers was done by daytime visits, a day being set apart for this work, and the people as well as the officers and teachers, being notified and urged to prepare for the visits. Another admirable fact in connection with the visit of the teachers in the wards where the teaching

is specific. The teachers go with is now being done, is, that the work

a message, or with instructions, or with a view to some specific doctrinal teaching, thus making their trips and their efforts profitable visit, but also to themselves. One not only to the people whom they

splendid idea that has contributed largely to the spiritual improvement in ward teaching is that the bishops have met with their teachers 736 IMPROVEMENT ERA

each month and have given the teachers messages suitable for that month and time to deliver in their teachings to the people. In this

way, the bishop is informed of the condition of the people, and the people are taught the instructions and messages which the bishop desires shall be borne to them.

In this connection it is interesting to observe from the statistics obtained that in the following stakes over 50 per cent of the families were visited each month by the acting teachers during the year 1912:

Ogden, 85 per cent Bear River, 70 per cent; Liberty, 68 per cent;

Box Elder, 64 per cent; North Weber, 63 per cent; Ensign 53 per

cent; and Oneida 51 per cent.

In the following wards 100 per cent of the families are reported visited by the acting teachers each month during 1912. These wards

are entitled to be entered on the roll of honor, in the matter of teaching:

Elwood, Bear River Stake; Penrose, Bear River Stake; Clearfield,

Davis Sake, 33rd Ward, Liberty Stake; Eden, Odgen Stake; Twin

Groves, Yellowstone Stake; Redmesa, Young Stake.

It will be observed that these stakes and wards are largely scattered throughout the Church; that is, they are not in any one particular

district, but extend from the north to the extreme south; and it might

be suggested here, that what these wards and stakes are able to do may be done by every ward and stake in the Church, and we hope will be done, as the splendid work shall grow, and the officers of the Church shall take it up with the enthusiasm manifested in the wards and stakes that have been named.

Let it be observed, too, that in these wards, under the instructions of the bishops, the teaching has not been mere calling, but the ward districts asigned to two teachers are so small, and so many are engaged in the work that it has not been difficult for the two teachers assigned to the district to visit an evening and do real teaching with every family assigned to them.

Other wards in the Church have come close to the figure of the wards named above in their visits, and have had almost 100 per cent of the families each month, visited by the teachers, during 1912. These

are reported as follows:

Knightsville, Nebo Stake, 98 per cent; Huntsville, Odgen Stake,

96 per cent; Ogden 4th Ward, Ogden Stake, 96 per cent; Lynne, North

Weber Stake 94 per cent; Brighton, Pioneer Stake 94 per cent; Middleton, Odgen Stake, 93 per cent.

III. WEEKLY PRIESTHOOD MEETINGS.

In the attendance at the weekly quorum study meetings there is marked improvement generally throughout the Church, and a few statistics on this matter will not be out of place, as an encouragement to the wards that are still lacking in the necessary enthusiasm characteristic of those who have succeeded.

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 737

There are 10,735 officers enrolled in the weekly Priesthood meetings. The average number attending, or present at each meeting, is

5,908, or 52 per cent, which shows that 4,758 is the average absence, or 48 per cent. There are 79,681 members enrolled altogether in the Priesthood, of which 60,702 are enrolled in the classes, and the average

number present at the meetings is 17,294. There are 1,656 on mis

sions, which leaves the number not enrolled at 19,388, a body of men among whom it is the duty of the various officers of the quorums and the bishops to do effective work. Let us impress it upon you that

nearly 18,000 men meeting weekly for study and contemplation must inevitably result in general good in the Church.

It has often been said that the High Priests are the least active in the Church, but the records show that 34 per cent of the High

Priests attend the weekly priesthood meetings, 26 per cent of the

Seventies, 23 per cent of the Deacons, 17 per cent of the Priests, 15 per cent of the Elders, and 14 per cent of the Teachers. Here also

is a pointer to the authorities of the quorums that need missionary work.

IV. RESPONSIBILITY OF QUORUM OFFICERS

With the organization that we have, it should not be necessary for too great a burden to be placed upon the bishoprics of the wards in keeping the members of the various priesthood quorums in the line of their duty. The work is so fairly distributed among the quorums

that no one person need be overworked. It is the duty of the President and counselors of the quorums of the priesthood to keep in

touch with every member of their quorums, by personal visit, by teaching, by instruction, and by that sympathy and interest that should characterize an official in the Church. Let the officers of the quorums

remember that they are responsible for the numbers of their respective quorums. To this end they should have some system of keeping

in contact with them.

The officers of a certain Seventies'quorum in one of the Northern stakes, have set a good example by personally communicating by letter with members of their quorum.. For example, last November

they called the attention of each member to these facts that needed consideration at that time; the study of the year book; the payment

of tithing, so that there should be no list of nontithepayers in that quorum; the payment of the local funds; an invitation to attend the

quarterly conference on the Sunday following, at which time the secretary would be prepared to furnish year books and receive funds, which it was stated could also be paid to any member of the presidency of the quorum. This is only one means of keeping before the members

of the quorum the duties required of them from week to week and from month to month. But the point is, that the officers of the quorums,

not only of the Seventies, High Priests and Elders, but also the presidencies of the quorums of the Lesser Priesthood are responsible for 738 IMPROVEMENT ERA

each member of their respective quorums. In this way they not only

urge them to their duties, but they become closely associated, and that fraternalism that should characterize the quorums of the Priesthood is encouraged and made to grow to the advantage of the individuals and the development of spiritual growth in all concerned. Every

person belonging to the Priesthood should feel it his duty to be actively engaged in the work, either in the ward or stake, and officers should make it a point to see that encouragement is rendered to the brethren to this end.

V. ACTIVITIES OF THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

From information in the hands of the Presiding Bishopric very interesting facts ma}'be gleaned concerning the activities, not only of the Melchizedek but of the Aaronic Priesthood. It appears that

the High Priests, Seventies and Elders, who are engaged in quorum duties, such as officers and instructors in the quorums of the Higher and Lesser Priesthood, have largely increased during the year 1912:

Whereas, in 1911, 5,243 were then engaged as instructors, for the year 1912, 6,288 were thus engaged.

It appears also that of the High Priests, Seventies and Elders engaged in ward duties for 1911, there were 18,086, but for the year 1912, 20,495 were thus engaged. Also that, whereas, in 1911, 10,644

High Priests, Seventies and Elders were engaged in the auxiliary organizations as teachers and officers, 10,728 were thus engaged in the year 1912. Similar increase is shown also in quorum enrollment in the

Priesthood classes, in missionary duties, in stake duties, and in other activities of the Higher Priesthood.

Speaking of the Lesser Priesthood in this respect, there also is a commendable increase in quorum or class duties, in ward duties, and in auxiliary organization duties. And thus, while there are many

items that can be largely improved in the various wards and stakes of Zion, reports show a strong indication of growth. While the activities of the Priesthood in a general way could be very largely improved,

and made more effective, the fact remains that we are moving upward, and that the year 1912 shows marked improvement over the activities of the previous year. We urge stake officers, the bishops and quorum

officers to check up the work of the various quorums in their stakes and wards, with a view to encouraging the officers to increased effort in their duties and activities for the year 1913. As an example of some

of the reports which the authorities now and then hear in the quarterly conferences from presidents of quorums who are trying to do effective work among the members of their respective quorums, we take two stakes who report the activities of their High Priests:

Maricopa Stake: High Priests enrolled 72. Doing active service

in the Stake 64. Number excused from service because of infirmity, 6.

Number idle, 2.

Granite Stake: Number of high priests enrolled 429. Number

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 739

doing active service in the stake and wards 350, leaving only 79 not engaged in ward or Priesthood duties; notwithstanding the fact

that in the total number there are 112 who are 70 years and over.

Thus, brethren, we have cause to be encouraged over the splendid showing, and while it may not be so good as it should be, we are assured from the figures we have received, from the general interest manifested, and from the new life permeating the Priesthood generally throughout the Church, that there is a strong, active movement upward. The purpose of this information, as well as of all reports

rendered, is not the information and reports as an end, or for the personal benefit of the Presiding Bishop's Office, but to create an awakening among the officers of the Church; and a desire

among the Priesthood generally to improve conditions as they exist in the various wards of the Church. We, therefore, urge the

bishops and the authorities carefully to consider their reports. Where

they show weakness, strengthen that weakness, so that each succeednig year may show improvement over the past, and thus the Church be made to grow and to prosper, and the Spirit of the Lord be made manifest among the people to their own salvation and development, and to the glory of our Father in Heaven.

The General Priesthood Committee.

By David O. McKay,

Chairman.

Improving Ward Teaching is one of the important labors devolving upon the teachers and the officers of stakes and wards, who are being urged to take hold of this work with vigor. From reports for

1912, it is ascertained that the average number of families visited monthly in the Church is 30 per cent. The per cent of families visited

by the acting teachers each month for the year 1912, in each of the stakes of Zion. follows:

Alberta, 21; Alpine, 24; Bannock, 40; Bear Lake, 89; Bear River,

70; Beaver, 10; Benson, 32; Big Horn, 47; Bingham, 19; Blackfoot, 35

Box Elder, 64; Cache, 38; California Mission, 1; Carbon, 25; Cassia, 22

Davis, 45; Deseret, 11; Duchesne, 29; Emery, 25; Ensign, 53; Fremont

16; Granite, 34; Hyrum, 18; Jordan, 28; Juab, 5; Kanab, 14; Liberty, 68

Malad, 15; Maricopa, 43; Millard, 14; Moapa, 15; Morgan, 35; Nebo

39.8; North Sanpete, 21; North Weber, 63; Ogden, 85; Oneida, 51

Panguitch, 4; Parowan, 7-; Pioneer, 37; Pocatello, 17; Rigby, 13; St

George, 24; St. Johns, 20; St. Joseph, 27; Salt Lake, 28; San Juan, 34

San Luis, 22; Sevier, 10; Snowflake, 25; South Sanpete, 33; Star Valley

19; Summit, 30; Taylor, 30; Teton, 9; Tooele, 30; Uintah, 43; Union, 30

Utah, 28; Wasatch, 30; Wayne, 34; Weber, 47; Woodruff, 1; Yellowstone, 31; Young, 42; average for the whole Church 30 per cent.

Mutual Work

Annual M. I. A. and Primary Conference

The Eighteenth General Annual Conference of the Young Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations, and the Eleventh Annual Conference of the Primary Associations of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints will be held in Salt Lake City, on

Friday, Saturday and Sunday, June 6th, 7th and 8th, 1913.

All members are invited and all officers are particularly requested to be present at all of the meetings of the conference, and a cordial invitation is extended to the Saints generally to attend the meetings to be held in the Tabernacle at 2 and 7 p. m. on Sunday, June 8th.

Joseph F. Smith, Martha H. Tingey,

Heber J. Grant, Ruth M. Fox,

B. H. Roberts, Mae T. Nystrom,

General Superintendency Y. M.M.I.A. Presidency Y. L. M. I. A.

Louie B. Felt,

May Anderson, Clara W. Beebe,

Presidency Primary Associations.

Annual M. I. A. Conference

The M. I. A. Annual Conference will be held in Salt Lake City,

June 6, 7, and 8. The first meeting, June 6, 10 o'clock, will be conjoint. The first topic will be, "The M. I. A. Day,"by three speakers;

the second, "Suggestions for Summer Work,"by three speakers.

There will be special music.

On Friday, 2 p.m., separate officers'meetings. In the Young Men's

department the Reading Course, Class Study, the annual report and other Mutual business will be treated.

Friday evening there will be an entertainment held in the Deseret

Gymnasium consisting of a reception and social, one hour will be devoted to games suitable for adoption in any of the organizations.

There will also be a twentyminutes'dramatic demonstration, followed by dancing, light refreshments, etc.

On Saturday morning at 9 o'clock a special superintendents'meeting will be held in which will be treated "System in Stake Work,""Systematic Checking up in Stake and Ward Work,"with discussion and questions. At this onehour special meeting, it is hoped every

superintendent of Y. M. M. I. A. in the Church will be present.

At 10 o'clock Saturday morning the young men will hold an

MUTUAL WORK 741

officers'meeting, at which a demonstration in organizing Scouts will be given; "Vocations and Industries,""Debating,"and the "Character

of leaders of physical activities,"will be discussed by competent speakers.

It is expected that a noon luncheon of the superintendents and

General Board will be held at which the subject of "Membership

Work"will be taken up. B. S. Hinckley, master of ceremonies.

Saturday afternoon will be devoted to M. I. A. Scout demonstrations, and contestwork in boy scout activities.

Saturday evening will be devoted to storytelling, orations, and quartet contests, as per instructions sent to superintendents.

On Sunday morning at the conjoint meeting in the Tabernacle four topics will be discussed under the general heading, "How to Make

Mutual Improvement Associations Popular and Effective."Good singing will be provided.

On Sunday afternoon President Joseph F. Smith, President Martha

H. Tingey, of the Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations,

and President Louie B. Felt, of the Primary Associations, will address

the congregation. Music will be furnished by the Tabernacle choir.

At the evening session there will be a demonstration of a suggestive Sunday evening conjoint program, under the title, "Lessons from the Life of David."Three speakers, a number of singers, and boy

chanters will take part.

The details of the exercises are now being arranged, and the superintendents will be provided with programs when ready.

The general slogan for the conference will be, "We stand for a holy Sabbath and a weekly half holiday."

Usual rates will be given on the railroads, and the superintendents throughout the Church are instructed to see that their stakes and wards are properly represented. There will be something to do, to hear, and

to see during every minute of the time.

June M. I. A. Day Devoted to Scout Work

Stake superintendents and ward presidents will please notice that the General Board has decided to give the Saturday afternoon of the

June Conference, usually heretofore devoted to athletic interests, to demonstrations and contest work in Boy Scout activities. After careful

consideration it was thought advisable not to have field and track events this year. The scout program will consist of lifesaving, carrying and bandaging, signal work and tent raising, most of which will

be in the nature of contests. The stakes are invited to send one or

more patrols to contest in any part of the work. Some of the stakes

have expressed a desire to "hike"their boys into Salt Lake. In case

this is done, it is suggested that careful arrangements should be made for the care and protection of the boys while on the road and during 742 IMPROVEMENT ERA

their stay in the city. Camping grounds and perhaps other accommodations will be arranged for by the Athletic Committee. Any stake

that expects to enter the contests should communicate with Dr. John

H. Taylor, Deseret Gymnasium, who will mail them a detailed program of the events and render them any other assistance possible.

Washington's Birthday "Hike"On February 22, 150 Liberty Stake M. I. A. Scouts broke the trail

to Ensign Peak, in charge of Scout Leader Robert Richardson, Dr.

John H. Taylor, General Scout Director, and Stake Superintendent

Oscar A. Kirkham. The portrait gives a view of the boys around the

:\rw1ik%JSJffih

r...,. Ai'A il***-. AT 1

Jn'* - 'mm-- "mr

i nlBiiir ll'f WTfllWrHTlTWHiiii -Hi

flagstaff on the summit. On returning the whole company were given

a bath in the Deseret Gymnasium. Supt. Kirkham was chosen by the

Geenral Board, on Wednesday, April 16, to act as General Field Secretary, and will take charge of the intellectual activities of M. I. A. work

on June 1.

Contests in StoryTelling, Orations and Quartet Singing

At the June Conference of the M. I. A. there will be contests in

the above activities, and all the stakes of Zion are invited and encouraged to participate. The preliminaries will be held on Friday

afternoon, in Salt Lake City, when all who take part must be present for the preliminary tryouts. Finals will be held Saturday night in

the Assembly Hall before the public. The preliminary exercises will

be heard by competent judges selected by the General Boards, and the two best in storytelling and orations will be selected for the finals to be held on Saturday, at which also the two quartets winning in the

MUTUAL WORK 743

preliminary contest will participate. Only those may participate in

this contest who have won first place in any stake contest in the

Church. Expenses of transportation must be borne by the stakes, the

organization, or the individuals themselves who participate. The time

for each event must not exceed fifteen minutes, and the names of the contestants must be sent to the General Secretary of the Y. M. M. I.

A., Salt Lake City, not later than June 1.

Resolutions on the Death of Sister Adelia G. Hart, wife of

Elder Charles H. Hart

Adopted at the Meeting of the General Board of Y M M I A

March 19, 1913.

Resolved, that the General Board of Mutual Improvement Associations hereby expresses its deep and heartfelt sympathy with their fellowmember, Elder Charles H. Hart, in the loss of his beloved wife,

and with his family, in their being deprived of the presence and guidance of their loving and devoted mother, Sister Adelia G. Hart, whose

death occurred on March 18, 1913. We realize the great bereavement

that has come to them in this sad event, and pray our Father in

Heaven to comfort their sorrowing hearts, and to provide for them that tender care and solicitude which are necessary to their future wellbeing, and of which they are now naturally deprived by the passing away from mortality of a watchful, noble, affectionate wife and mother.

We recognize the integrity and faithfulness of Sister Adelia through all the responsibilities that came to her as a devoted Latterday Saint and wife and mother in Israel, and which have earned for her an everlasting reward with the just, the pure and the true in our Father's kingdom and a reunion with her husband and family under the blessings of the new and everlasting covenant of our Lord and Savior Jesus

Chirst. In this we know that Brother Hart has a consolation which

human thoughts and words cannot give, but which comes from the testimony of the Holy Spirit that abides in his soul; and we pray that

that consolation and testimony will increase in and remain with him and his family to their perfect comfort and an encouragement for faithfulness in the cause of our God that will reunite in a relationship of glory and permanence in our Father's kingdom the ties now so painfully broken in mortality. And be it also

Resolved, that we request the General Superintendency of the Y.

M. M. I. A., acting on behalf of this Board, to express personally to

Brother Hart our loving sympathy and friendship in this time of sorrow; and further, that the editors of the Improvement Era also be requested to publish in the Era the sentiments herein sincerely and

affectionately expressed by this meeting of the General Board of Y. M.

M. I. A.

Passing Events

Cincinnatus Heiner Miller, known as Joaquin Miller, the poet of the Sierras, died on February 17, age 71 years.

A Strike in Belgium began on April 14, when at least 200,000 men quit work in protest against the refusal of the government to grant them manhood suffrage.

The Utah Eugenic Society held its first regular meeting Thursday, April 3, 1913, Mathonihah Thomas, Salt Lake City, was elected president, Dr. E. G. Titus, Logan, secretary and treasurer. The object

of the society is the study of eugenics.

A Memorial to Abraham Lincoln is to be erected in Washington.

The plans, as per resolution of Congress, were approved February 1st by President Taft. These call for a statue of Lincoln in a simple and

dignified design, to stand near the Washington monument at the

Potomac end of the mall, leading from the Capitol to the Potomac

Park. The structure, it is estimated, will cost about two million dollars.

The Webb Liquor Bill, prohibiting the shipment of liquor into "dry"states, was passed by the Senate and House of Representatives, and late in February vetoed by President Taft, and later repassed by the Senate and House of Representatives over the President's veto.

The reason for the veto of the measure by President Taft was that he thought it unconstitutional. The matter will now doubtless be tried by

the courts to decide whether or not it may become a law.

Dr. Frederic Clift died in Layton, March 28. He was a wellknown physician of Utah. Some years ago he contributed several

important articles to the Improvement Era. He settled first in Wasatch, was later connected with the Brigham Young University at

Provo, and had lately settled in Layton. His funeral took place at

Kaysville, March 31. Bishop H. H. Blood, Elder J. Golden Kimball,

Bishop M. F. Adams, of Layton, and others, were among the speakers.

King Alphonso of Spain narrowly escaped an attempt upon his life on April 13. Three shots were fired at the king, in the streets of

Madrid. This is the third attempt against his life during his reign.

As soon as the king saw that his assailant had been arrested, he raised himself in the saddle stirrups on the horse upon which he was riding, turned to the crowd, gave a military salute, and shouted, "Long

PASSING EVENTb 745

live Spain!"The enthusiastic masses cheered to the echo, as the king

rode to the palace, cool, collected and smiling.

William Henry Rowe, born at Portsmouth, England, February 14, 1841, came to Salt Lake in 1873, died January 28, 1913, in Salt Lake

City. He was a pioneer in commercial shoe manufacturing, assistant

superintendent of the Z. C. M. I. some years ago, and a progressive

and loyal citizen. He was proprietor and manager of the Bear River

Land and Irrigation project, a business involving the construction of the famous Bear River canal; the secretary of the Good Roads commission, and a member of the board of directors of the State Fair

association He was a staunch member of the Church, and one of the brave workers in the development of our commonwealth.

The first Chinese Parliament was inaugurated April 8, amid general rejoicing in the Chinese Capital and throughout the country.

There were five hundred representatives, out of a total of 596, present, and 177 senators out of 274. They were all earnestlooking men of

mature years, and were nearly all dressed in European fashion with frock coats. The proceedings were brief and simple, and were watched

salute by a large number of foreigners who packed the galleries. A

of 101 guns boomed from the city wall, the streets were decorated with flags, and the occasion was observed as a general holiday throughout

China. Yuan Shai Kai's message to Parliament consisted of hearty

congratulations, and the "hope that the republic would last 10,000 years."

The American Academy of Science was set upon its feet on February 1st, when President Taft signed bills incorporating the National

Institute of Arts and Letters and the American Academy of Arts and

Letters. This Institute is composed of 250 men distinguished in arts

fill vacancies in their number as and letters, who are empowered to they occur From these 250 men are chosen 50 of the most distinguished to be members of the Academy. The two institutes came into

existence as a result of a suggestion by members of the American

Social Science association, in 1898, that some association was needed to give special attention to literature, art and music. Congress declined to take the members seriously until the past winter, though they

have sought incorporation for several years. William Dean Howells

is president of the Academy.

on opened States of the United Congress of the session special A on the stood Wilson Woodrow President the 8th 7 and on April perentative of Repres s and House the hall of in the rostrum speaker's sine presiden first the Congress, to message first his read sonally galleries privilege. The that exercise to ago. vears 112 John Adams*

746 IMPROVEMENT ERA

were packed with national figures, and a movingpicture machine was installed to preserve a record of the historic event for the government's archives. The president read his message in a clear voice which carried to every corner of the hall. Among the motives that influenced

the president to personally read his first message was that he might get near to the members of Congress, and that every member might hear his appeal for a thorough revision of the tariff, the sole purpose for which the Congress has been called into extraordinary session.

The tariff bill was introduced on the first day, before the message was delivered, and has since occupied the time of the great body of legislators.

The Seventeenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United

States was adopted April 8 when the legislature of Connecticut ratified the amendment and so became the 36th state (the requisite threefourths), to approve the change. This is the second amendment to the

Constitution of the United States within the last few months. It provides for the election of the United States senators by direct vote of

the people instead of by the legislatures of the various states, as heretofore. The amendment reads as follows:

"The senate of the United States shall be composed of two senators from each state, elected by the people thereof, for six years; and

each senator shall have one vote. The electors in each state shall

have the qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the state legislatures.

"When vacancies happen in the representation of any state in the senate, the executive authority of such state shall issue writs of election to fill such vacancies, provided that the legislature of any state may empower the executive thereof to make temporary appointments until the people fill the vacancies by election as the legislature may direct."

"The Reign of AntiChrist or the Great Falling Away"is a study of ecclesiastical history, by J. M. Sjodahl, an elder in the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and for many years editor of the

Deserct News. The book gives a review of the various steps by which

the Church organization founded by our Lord in the beginning of our era was dissolved, and another substituted for it as predicted by the prophets of Old and the New Testament. The book contains 138

pages, full of interesting matter for students of church history, throwing much additional light and information on the apostasy, leading up to the establishment of the true Church of Christ in the latter days.

On page 71 an explanation is given of the 1,260 "days"assigned to the reign of antiChrist, by John the Revelator, which shows that from the famous decree of Emperor Phocas and the reestablishment of the

Church by the Prophet Joseph Smith, there is a period of exactly 1,260 prophetic lunar years. Missionaries will find it a very interestin'g book

for purposes of study and information. It is copyrighted by Joseph

F. Smith, Trusteein-Trust for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and is on sale at the book stores.

PASSING EVENTS 747

A Terrific Storm passed over the United States, from the northwestern part of Wahsington, through the states shown in the cut, which is taken from the MARCH 21,8 P.M. MARCH 2;. tr.u.

Literary Digest. BeginOMAHA

ning on the evening of -L March 21, at Portland, it reached Montreal on the 24th. Omaha was

swept by a tornado on Easter Sunday, and more than 150 people perished, while millions of dollars worth of property were swept to destruction. Similar storms in Indiana, Iowa and Illinois brought the

total death list in those states up to several hundred. Great numbers of people were made homeless by floods in Ohio and Indiana, beginning on the 25th, when the whole middle west and a great region

of splendid cities, towns and humble villages were visited by floods and fire. The general disturbance was probably the worst the country

has ever known, and President Wilson, in calling upon the country for help for the homeless and sufferers, denominated the storm a "national calamity."The magnitude of the catastrophe cannot be conveyed by figures. The loss of life mounts up into the hundreds, and

the damage to property into very many millions. One hundred thousand, it has been estimated, have been made homeless. The rising

waters made the greatest havoc in Dayton, Ohio, and in Columbus,

A Scene in One of the Streets of Omaha 748 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the capital city of Ohio. Dayton, a city of over 125,000 inhabitants,

was flooded at a depth of from eight to twenty feet. It is estimated

that 70,000 persons were marooned in upper stories of buildings where for days they were in peril of death by drowning, by fire, and by sheer lack of food. The chief hydrographer of the United States Geological Survey stated that "no work that could have been built by the

hand of man could have prevented the catastrophe."The rainfall

which caused the flood was of such unprecedented proportions that no reservoir system could have accorded protection against it. In

Utah and the far western states, the storm was characterized by severe snow falls.

Baltimore had a dynamite explosion in the harbor a few weeks ago that killed and injured scores of men and destroyed many thousand dollars'worth of property. One Utah student writing from there,

said that had the explosion occurred in the city it would have "scrambled Baltimore."At the examination into the causes of the explosion

the following information was given by a working man:

Q. You say you heard the explosion when Bomhardt struck the

hook in the box?

A. Yes.

Q. What made Bomhardt do that?

A. Well, I don't know, but I think the liquor was the cause. He

had been drinking heavily and seemed to be angry. He said when he

took the hook from Kowloski: "D you, I'll show you how to load

this stuff."

That this man's action was what caused the explosion, all the witnesses agreed, but there was only one who mentioned that Bomhardt had been drinking. He was asked:

Q. Had Bomhardt quarreled with any one aboard ship that day?

A. No. Only with himself.

Q. Have you any feeling against him?

A. None. He is a lodge brother of mine. He and I are personal

friends. I would rather help than hurt him.

"Thus,"says Collier's Weekly, "the man had been asked to testify against a friend whom he respected, and he laid the blame for this great disaster, not on the man himself but on the drug which had weakened his judgment, shattered his selfcontrol and caused him to do a thing which his friend knew he would not have done when sober."

Then the same weekly adds: "If it could be found out which one

of the prominent, respected citizens of Baltimore, whose whiskey Bomhardt drank, the BaltimoreAmerican, from which paper the above quotations are taken, could publish his name with the rest of those responsible for the catastrophe, and render a public service far more important than the punishment of the foreman whose bad habits have been stimulated since boyhood by the trade from which this pillar of society derives his income and through it his position and power."

That is going back to basic causes, and you are on the right track.

L. D. S. KNITTED GARMENTS

SHIPPED BY PARCEL POST Our EXTRAORDINARY OFFER WE PAY POSTAGE to all pats of the United States and Canada on all

Orders for SIX or more PAIRS OF GARMENTS

MAILED TO THE SAME PERSON Get all your friends and n igfibors to join with you in ordering and save postage

BEAUTIFUL AND USEFUL PRESENTS FREE

With all $10.00 orders we will send Absolutely Free a Beautiful Present.

SPRING AND SUMMER GARMENTS Postage 14c extra per pair;No. 51K—An excellent, close, fine 2 pair 20c.

weave, bleached; suitable for No. 9B—Bleached, medium heavy summer wear. Per pair, postweave, will give excellent service.

paid $1.00 Per pair $1.35

Postage 14c extra per pair;No. 59M—Made of mercerized cot- 2 pair 20c. ton, bleached; very desirable for

cotton weave, tuck warm weather. Per pair, postNo. Ill—Heavy stitch, unbleached, fleeced. Per

paid $1.50 pair $1.00No. 52B—Medium light weight for Postage 14c extra per pair;

spring and summer, bleached. 2 pair 20c.

Per pair $1.00 No. 11B—Unbleached, double back,

Postage 8c extra per pair; heavy.$1.25

2 pair 14c. Postage 14c per pair.

WOOL GARMENTSNo. 57—Medium light weight, unNo. 500—1-3 wool $1.69

bleached, very serviceable. Per No. 501—1-2 wool $2.00

pair $1.00 No. 502—80% wool $2.50

Postage 14c extra per pair; By Parcels Post, 14c per pair;

2 pair 20c. 2 pair 26c.

IMPORTANT. When ordering be sure to give your bust and

height measurements, and your weight.

Samples of garment material gladly sent on request.

Garments marked for 20c extra per pair.

SEND FOR OUR LATEST CATALOG OF LADIES'AND CHILDREN'S

WEARING APPAREL FOR SPRING AND SUMMER.

WEST'S MAIL ORDER HOUSE 258 SOUTH STATE STREET SALT LAKE CITY.

"One Song,"by Grace Zenor Robertson; "My First Broncho Ride,"by

Chas. H. Norberg, and a number of other interesting articles were crowded out

of this number and will appear in June.

Those who desire to get a clear view of the Mexican situation should read the series of articles by President Rey L. Pratt on "The Gospel to the Lamanities,"in the Era. This series not only give present conditions, but open the

view into the past and the future.

Elders Warren S. Tew and David H. Cannon, Birmingham, England, January 31: "In behalf of the elders of the Birmingham conference, we thank you

for the encouragement and splendid advice given through the columns of the

Era. We are interested in the good work now being done by the Era."

The article in this number of the Era is a fitting aftermath of the subject, "Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator."Dr. Webb gives as clear an insight into

the mission of "Mormonism"and its founder as is given in any other piece of literature ever written. It should suggest to the missionaries new means of

teaching the restored gospel through the social and economic doctrines promulgated by the Prophet Joseph and practiced by the Latterday Saints.

Improvement Era, May, 1913 Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F. Smith, | Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, j Editors Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS At Shoshone Falls. Photo Nephi L. Morris...Frontispiece

At Shoshone Falls A. L 655

Opposing Tendencies in College Life Milton Bennion, A. M 657

Temple Site, Jackson Co., Mo. Photo Hamilton Gardner 659

660Little Problems of Married Life—XX William Gecrge Jordan

Customs and Legends of Utah Indians, with

Portraits of Joshua Terry and Jim Bridger. Enoch Jcrgensen 664

Ice Cone on Snake River. With Photo Nephi L. Mcrris 670

Energy Joseph Quinney, Jr 671 The Wild Rose. A Poem Hope 677

A Baptist Minister and the "Mormons"Wm. A. Morton 678

She Smiled. A Poem...'. A. J. Hansen 680

Faith and Works J. C. Hcgenson 681

Midnight on the Desert J. E. Hickman, A. M 683

Sermonets 684 In Lighter Mood 685 The Gospel to the Lamanites Rey L. Pratt 686

"Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator"Robert C. Webb, Ph. D 691

An Open Letter to Dr. Spalding Dr. Frederick J. Pack 702

Pfingsten Lillie E. Shipp 704

Voice of the Intangible—X. Albert R. Lyman 705

715Messages from the Missions of Government in theEditors'Table—Order

Church Prest. Joseph F. Smith 725

Mother Prest. Joseph F. Smith 729

.. 731 Peace... J. M. Sjcdahl,

Priesthood Quorums Table—Report of the

Committee on Priesthood Outlines.....David O. McKay.;,.. 734

Improving Ward Teaching—- 739

I. A. and PrimaryMutual Work—Annual M.

Conference—Contests in StoryTelling,

Oration and Quartet Singing—Washington's Birthdav Hike—Resolutions on the

740 Death of Adelia G Hart Passing Events 744

REMINGTON AUTOLOADING SHOTGUN—ONE OF BROWNING'S PATENTS

DON'T WAIT TILL NEXT SEASON TO HAVE THAT GUN REPAIRED SEND IT TO US NOW and HAVE IT READY FOR NEXT SEASON

Send Postal for our Catalogue, 150 Pages, Illustrated. FREE

CO., Z%1WBROWNING BROS.

THE NEW MODEL FIVE

L. G. Smith & Bros. Typewriter

Has all the successful features of earlier models with new ones added It anticipates the demands of owners and operators and is an example of the highest refinement of mechanical skill.

The ball bearings at all cardinal points, the inbuilt attachments, tho keyboard ribbon control, lightning escapement, rigid carriage, are some of the reasons why this machine produces neat, accurate copy with the least amount of effort.

CO. BROS. TYPEWRITER L C. SMITH Domestic Business, Foreign and Head Office& for

Syracuse, N. Y., U. S. A.

SALT LAKE OFFICE, 370 South Main St.,

Salt Lake City CONFERENCE Three DailyY.M.&Y.LM.I.A.

SALT LAKE CITY, Principles 6-7-8 The Result JUNE i "SAFETY FIRST"High Quality Service whenExcursion Rates 2 you travel via

From ARIZONA.CALIFORNIA, "COURTESY""The StandTEXAS, NEVADA, and

UTAH POINTS CAREFUL ATTENard Lines of

TION TO DETAILS"the West Tickets from Arizona and Texas By These each operAutcmatic points good via ating employee Eledtric

Safety Block SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA of the

Signal Ask for tickets via SALT LAKE ROUTE Protedtton

Long Limits and Stopovers pledges his faith wiite for further information CITY TICKET OFFICE T. C. PECK, J. H. MANDERFIELD, HOTEL UTAH

G.P.A., Los Angeles A.G.P.A., Salt Lake City SALT LAKE CITT

WHEN WRITING TO.WVF.BTrKRRS, PLEASE MENTION THE "BRA"

Ask your dealer for Z. C. M. I.

Western Scout Shoes The ideal summer shoe for Men,

Youths, Boys "MOUNTAINEER"or "THE LEADER"Overalls Don't Rip.:::: Ask for them

EVERY BOY AND YOUNG MAN, ESPECIALLY THE BOY SCOUTS, should read "The Boy with the U. S. Fisheries,"and

"The Boy with the U. S. Survey."

Two books full of instruction as well as interest—$1.50

each postpaid. Recommended and sold by the

Deseret Sunday School Union Book Store [4446 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET, SALT LAKE CITY

PROTECT!!

Your dependent ones and yourself with a policy in the

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. of Utah

A HOME COMPANY Joseph F. Smith, President Lorenzo N. Stohl, VicePres. and General Mgr.

N. G. Stringham, Secretary

Lead all companies in Utah in amount of New Insurance written during past three years

HOME OFFICE, VERMONT BUILDING - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Buy the Wagon that runs 40 per cent Lighter

Why shouldn't you when every other good wsigon quality goes along with It?

LISTEN HERK -You pay the sam. as tor a high grade woouen wagon and you g t twice

the llf ot the best woodi n wagon ma 'e.

It s a matter of simple eeoiomy. Figure It out for yourself. Nodrylng apa-r. no resetting of tires, 'obrenKilowns. no repair bills. Any way you look at It tne cheapest

wagon you can buy Is the DWENPORT ROLLERBEARING STFEL WAGON

ALL STEEL GEARING. Angles. I-beams andcbanele, steel In its strongest forms,

hot wenled and put toge'ber like a bridge. STEEL wheel* that aiv genuine trusse,

weight borne Dy >dl parts of the wheel alike. HUH LIKE an AUlOM KIi.K. Stiaight

spinalis, not tapering. ROLLERBE \RINGS that ar* end sed and protected from all

mud. water, sand and dust. OIL with'ut r moving wheels. SAVE VOIR HORSE

KLEsh AND SAVE VOIR POOKET BooK. Nooti er wagon HkeOi Davenport, none as

good. Don't buy a wagon till you know all about it. our catalog will explain all.

Write for it today,ACONSOLIDATED WAGON & MACHINE CO., OTi?o!?KiXrS;kMr

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION I HE -ERA