: ";:...si!!"

* Os

grfl $"*i|.

.. * Ml*pj

S.,:;,. I

i'fe

5flR;""::? v

'> i*5Ki

V

9p

i -

MS

* r

I.M fSJk

l 1 BER 1949

MOTHERS

The More Action and Fun the More Your Family Needs Vitamin B-*

YES!

You can't store it up...

There is WISDOM in drinking B-l LemonLime Soda.

YOU NEED IT DAILY

Vitamin B, is essential for healthy nerves, normal appetites. Its absence

impedes oxidation of sugar. That's

why millions are finding B-l Beverages of double value... Zestful refreshment for pleasure, Vitamin for

health. Vz minimum / daily requirement in each oz. bottleMake a 3-day Test

Prove Vitamin B-i Makes B-l Best

Drink LemonLime Soda daily.

We predict you wHI feel noticeably better and drink B-l LemonLeme Soda thereafter.

Evary dealer has B-l LemcnLSme Soda, or can get it by phoning

B-l BOTTLING COMPANY 235 EAST FIFTH SOUTH ST. SALT LAKE CITY PHONE 3-5069

EXPLORING '* TH

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

IUTethoxychlor, related to DDT, has been developed as an insecticide. It is not poisonous to man or

animals, yet kills insects which other insecticides do not affect.

At Baguio, Luzon, in the Philippines fortysix inches of rainfall was reported in twentyfour hours, July 1415, 1911.

Experiments at General Electric Co.

have found that radioactive silver atoms within a piece of silver may move between the grains as fast as an inch in ten weeks at about 1000

Fahrenheit, but if the atom goes through the grains it would take 10,000 years.

HpHE earliest reference to fishing with the hand, and not using any auxiliary help, such as fishing tackle or spears, is about 195 A.D. Dr. E. Wonderful for

W. Gudger has called attention to

descriptions by the Greek poet OpFall Parties and pian, where the fisherman dives and:....... SgJcatches the fish with his hands. School Lunches

/Drafts between unrelated plants These are the finest Chochave been made by Dr. Louis

G. Nickell. Cowpea has been grafted olate Drop Cookies we've

on tomato, clover on geranium, toever made... the finest you

mato on geranium, and clover on sunever tasted! They're loaded

flower. with tasteexciting chocolate

Touring nesting season the female drops and fresh pecan nuts, hornbill is sealed in her nest lots of eggs and pure creamjust large hole enough a smallwith for ery butter. Nothing but the

Until the eggs beak.the tip of her

are hatched, she is fed by the male finest ever goes into TOWN who swallows fruit and berries. This HOUSE Chocolate Drop

food is coated in small rubberlike skin bags by the male's stomach. Three or Cookies by Purity!

four of these packages make a meal for the imprisoned bird.

Your grocer has these A new Prime Mover has been dedeliciousCookies in Chocolatethe new gleamDrop veloped for handling materials Him ing white package—fresh

which does the work of four men with from our ovens.wheelbarrows. A small 3 H. P, engine powers the threewheeled device

which has either a bucket or platform. This maneuverable mansaver

can take a halfton load up a twenty PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake - Phoenix percent grade.

SEPTEMBER 1949 545

NUMBER 9

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION,

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Editors Page The Cover Opportunities for Leadership... George Albert Smith 557 "Autumn Aspens"

Photograph by Jeano Orlando

Church Features

The Abundant Life in a Selfish World David CX McKay 558

An Open Discussion on the Problems of the Youth of the Church—.562

Mission to Polynesia—VI Doyle L+ Green 564

Evidences and Reconciliations: CXXXVIH—What Is the Meaning

of the Word of Wisdom? John A. Widtsoe 577

"Twenty Magnificent Years on the Melchizedek Priesthood 584

Air,"Albert L. Zobell, Jr 549 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column 585

The Church Moves On 550 The Presiding Bishopric's Page....586

The Y.M.M.I.A. General Board This Month with Church PublicaAppoints New Members 552 tions -——607

Special Features

"Suddenly It's Fall"—Let's Talk It Over Mary Brentnall 561

Canada Salutes Irrigation C* Frank Steele 566

Free Agency and Social Organization (Cont.) The Church And

Modern Society, Part VEtt, G, Homer Durham 573

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L> Evans 575

Exploring the Universe, Franklin On the Bookrack 569

S. Harris, Jr 545 Homing: You Can Help Your These Times—Policy, Pressures, Child, Katherine Dissinger 578

G. and Institutions, Homer

Durham 547 Cook'sNicholsCorner, Josephine B. 581 Partnership with the Lord, George

P. Barber, 548 Your Page and Ours 608

Editors Stories, Poetry George Albert Smith

John A. Widtsoe

Editor The Fort on the Firing Line—XII Albert R Lyman 570 ManagingRichard L. Evans

Frontispiece, Indian Summer, Gudson - 552 Assistant Managing Editor run Wight 555 Autumn, Dean Nethercott 01son....574 Doyle L. Green

Poetry Page 556 Melinda the Plain One, Ruth Was

Heritage, Schenley Stewart 590 Associate Genneva Dickey WatMarba CEditorJosephson -K General Manager Executive and Editorial Offices: Elbert R. Curtis

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah Associate Manager

Copyright 1949 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Bertha S. Reeder

of of Christ Association the Jesus Men's Mutual Improvement Church Business Manager

All Saints. rights reserved. of price, Subscription Latterday a $2.50 D. Giles John

in in year, subscription, advance; foreign year, advance; a $3.00 25c

Editorial Associates single copy.

Elizabeth J. Moffitt

at the Salt Entered Office, City, Utah, as Post secondclass Lake

Jr. Albert Zobell, L

matter. for mailing special for rate at of provided Acceptance postage

in of July section 1103, 1917, authorized Act October 2, 1918. AdvertisingVerl F. ScottDirector

is Era not for unsolicited responsible Improvement manuscripts, The

National Advertising Representatives contributions. welcomes but

S. Edward Townsend, Francisco San

All sufficient for delivery manuscripts return. must be accompanied postage by and

Sadler Sangston, Associates, York & New of Address: Change Harry V. Lytle, Chicago

Fifteen address. for of days'notice required ordering include change please a change, When

address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address changes cannot be mqde unless the old Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

address as well as the new one is included.

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA POLICY, PRESSURES, AND INSTITUTIONS

By DR. G. HOMfft DURHAM be visualized in the pattern. Eventually the weight of Roman foreign influHead o/ Political Science Department ence dwarfed the city. Provincial

University of Utah armies and their leaders came to rule the empire. This column, two months

Qn Thursday, July 21, 1949, the Turner'sago, reported1903 observationFrederick concerningJackson

United States Senate ratified the the 1903 weight (!) of American forNorth Atlantic Treaty signed at Washeign commitments and its implication

ington April 4, 1949. The vote was for crushing local democracy. The

8213, an overwhelming majority, well Atlantic Pact, like the Latin League in excess of the twothirds required by of the Roman republic and the later the Constitution. Under the Constitufruits of the Punic Wars, may seem

tion, the treaty (or "pact"as it has imperative. Can we, at the same

been popularly called) becomes the time, consider the emerging pattern, "supreme law of the land."Other the shape of things to come? WITH THE AMAZING

parties to the treaty are: Canada; the

five members of the Western Union new American presidency has been Britain, France, Belgium, the Nether- A in process of creation and deWINKLER*Low Pressure LP* lands, and Luxembourg; velopment since AbraNorway; Denmark; Itham Lincoln assumed OIL

aly; Iceland; and Portuemergency powers in Years ahead BURNERin design, the

gal. Article 13 provides the crisis of 1861. The Winkler LP* is the remedy for

a life of twenty years Atlantic Pact, the Trutheconventionalhigh heatingoil burners.costs of 17

for the treaty, with Artiman arms program, cle 12 affording opporparalleling the reports tunity to review same of the Hoover Commisafter ten years, or, in sion ("The Commis1959. Article 5 provides sion on Organization

that "an armed attack against one or of the Executive Branch of the Govmore of them in Europe or North ernment"), may symbolize the compleAmerica shall be considered an attion of a transition period, 18611949, tack against them all."A careful readand the emergence of a rather new

ing of the text is required to gain an modus operandi in American governimpression of the commitments made. ment. The reports of the Hoover

Article 9 establishes a representative Commission repeat, like a liturgy, the council of the signatories while Artisame theme found in Mr. Truman's

cle 10 opens the way for additional arms recommendations: make the

membership, provided a unanimous President responsible; make the Presiinvitation is extended. dent responsible; make the President The Winkler LP* Oil Burner is a moneyinvestment in carefree, making economiresponsible. Let clear the Congress

cal It is heating. latest the development

rigidities away statutoryrPHE following Monday after Senate and permit in pressure low burner designassuring ratification, July 24, 1949, Presithe presidency to operate with greater complete oil atomization and premizing dent Harry S. Truman asked Congress flexibility. Concentrate everything in of air.

for $1,450,000,000 to help arm the the President, so that the people and If your present burner is larger than a l unit, gallon the per hour are chances Congress can hold responsibleAtlanticpact nations. him other and His

are throwing to you from away 30% everything for therequest government after signed hours he two came in heat wasteful of your overfiring does that50%.. in administrative an ratificathe treaty, way... formal completing., The thing simply is the because burner overtion by the United States. Hailing the Hoover Commission never makes sized to prevent service trouble.

the treaty as "a historic step toward clear is how may the people and the Ask to see the Winkler LP* burn crude oils, drainings, crankcase light heavyworld oils, oils. catalytic Winkler challengesan additional other to tests. burner peace,"step—hisMr. Trumanarms calledprogram.for Congressful, flexibleholdcentera streamlined,of authoritypowerlike anyoil, these pass

The Truman arms program raises the presidency, newstyle, responsible You'll see why the Winkler LP* will give many questions. Greece, Turkey, to them? The oldstyle methods won't you better, safer, more economical heatKorea, the Philippines, Iran, and perfit a newstyle executive. The ing.

haps Siam, in addition to the Pact Roman Senate, the German Reichstag, ELBERT R. CURTIS A. RAY CURTIS

countries, would probably receive aid. and other representative bodies stand

In a peculiar, longrange sense, this could mean that the Norwegian, Danas grim examples of failure whichish, French, British, Greek, Korean, never did develop the power to offset A. Ray Curtis Co.

Iranian, and all the other armies bethe official propaganda, patronage, and come an extension of the American military tools of powerful streamlined Distributors military establishment. By the Treaty "executives."Can American institu2205 Highland Drive

of Rio de Janeiro (1948) the same tions make a graceful, but wellbal- Salt Lake City system could be extended to the western hemisphere countries. A sysanced adjustment to the weight of or

tem, in rough outline resembling the modern foreign and domestic policy? See Your Local Dealer

ancient security system of Rome, can Here is a question for these times.

SEPTEMBER 1949 547 PARTNERSHIP WITH PALFREYS'SCHOOL THE LORD SUPPLY CO.

Presents By George P. Barber

THE NEW WRIGHT SPIRIT DUPLICATOR

No Stencils! ONLY with the partnership into gone have $63.50 No Ink! of advice the taken Lord. ExcisePlus Federal the with up teamed have those whoI have No Gelatin! I

Lord and found it good.

these opportunity has a wonderful One docThese Late Summer of the the efficacy observe to days trine of what we might call the agEvenings Are At peodollar. of the Many grandizement exTheir Best On For doctrine. the ple are sold on

ample, there is the custom, very popular Gay in our town, even among the best people, of selling their homes for twice what they are worth, because there is

JUST THE MACHINE FOR YOUR still a desperate housing shortage. Our

CHURCH—SCHOOL—BUSINESS landlady evicted us, so we needed a

Here is a spirit duplicator that everyone can place in which to live. We looked

afford yet it does everything even the highest around in this town and in other towns priced machines can do. Perfect copies from nearby. Five thousand dollar houses fefeC

typing, hand drawing or lettering—as many as were selling for nine and ten thouHOTEL UTAH'S

to up one500 from master carbon—and four sand.

sheet size Handles any GARDEN IN THE SKY'one operation! withcolors

up to 9 x 14. Built with a new type moistening A friend of mine, not a Latterday came disbetter man, Christian insure but and a truly to Saint save fluid unit designed

proof moisture and me f and dust handsometribution. house. the my wife to He told A

cover is included and a counting device is available that he was selling his home and would work quality its and cost. Compare it. I extra slightat to first buy chance the us give

price, at the look Then machine. other anywith in mind had well and place the knew be to afford cannot you will why see you and worth. it I thought was that figure a

one. without everybecause I imagined, However,

SPIRIT IN AVAILABLE BEST THE CARRY would it, that he doing WE else was body

SUPPLIES p.m. DUPLICATING DINNER—6-11 thoufour or three of price a quote me Carbon, Colored Units, Master Fluid, as:Such it worth. than was dollars more sand

etc. Cream, Cleansing DANCING—7:3012 have easily could agent estate real Work. for School A Workbooks Process Spirit Plus: Imagine for him. price this obtained thru Saturday Monday

my surprise when he told me he would

NEW MASTER ADDRESSER sell his house to me for just what it had To the Popular Music of

Only $24.50—Plus Excise Tax cost him.

No Stencils!—No Plates!—No Ink! Good religion, but not good business,

say. This man will would people many

everybody but man, be a rich never in BOBMcGREWAnd His Orchestra our town thinks he is a very fine man.

He is in partnership with the Lord. No Cover Charge until 9:30 p.m., then only

$1 Week Nights, $1.50 Saturdays and Holidays.

WHILE making the rounds ward LUNCHEON DAILY teaching the other evening, we MUSICAL LUNCHEON SATURDAY visited four families. The humblest

home in worldly goods was the richest SQUARE DANCING WEDNESDAY living. young SUNDAY DINNER, 6-10 p.m. in Seven in love and

to the same repeatedly mails who everyone Now not would small home children in a The mechanically. address them can names of list every for experience exhilarating an be that so is priced low Addresser Master amazing

just two or three jobs can pay for it. If you have young mother, but this one saw nothing

would mothers or members, prospects incongruous in it. Many list of customers, mailing a HOTEL UTAH School TIME AND YOU will SAVE But at Sunday find it frightening. ADDRESSER MASTER

MONEY. Just type your address list on a long where I heard her and four of her wSjrxw Max Carpenter, Manager

strip of paper. MASTER ADDRESSER will reprint children sing charmingly together, I

times. Complete supplies 100 to address up each so poised mother was realized why this

list $5.00. only 500 name for future. She the about unworried and

Send for our Free Catalogue today and see the too had gone into partnership with the numerous educational items we have to offer inLord.

cluding Hectograph Books, Flash Cards, the well known Material by PROFESSOR E. W. DOLCH Ph.D., Will those who dictate the policies

Teaching Aids of all kinds, Educational Toys such of the world today be motivated by the as JUDY AND SIFO WOODEN INLAY PUZZLES, teachings of the Prince of Peace or

White Blackboards, etc. will they be dominated by the doctrine

of the aggrandizement of the dollar?

:::x:::a PALFREYS'SCHOOL SUPPLY CO. The world's course of events for cen313 West Garvey Boulevard San Gabriel, California turies to come may well be determined ftvXv

Phone: ATlantic 9-3332 by which of these two attitudes preS5*S? msMi vail. u

548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MadeA EspeciallyPIANOby JANSSEN

FOR CHURCHES and SCHOOLS

Specifications Height, 44%'Width, 24"Length, 57%'Also * KRAKAUERSince 1869 SPINETS Sold Newat Macy'sYork in

PIANOS * JANSSEN largest than 100 World's For more store years.

* GETZEN BAND INSTRUMENTS....$98.50

* RONALD.STUART"World's biggest toned spinet"

* SOLOVOX by Hammond "TWENTY MAGNIFICENT YEARS ON THE AIR"

Literature sent upon request

D Atlbert oL. 2—obeli, r.

July 15, 1949. To the Salt Lake tinuous series of broadcasts of any kind

Tabernacle Choir from C B S in on the Columbia network. Those of us

gratitude for 20 magnificent years who are responsible for knowing the on the air. preferences of the one hundred million

listeners who make up the Columbia

Co read the inscription on a goldaudience each week, know full well the pleasure and inspiration you proplated phonograph record previde the nation on Sunday morning. PianosNew

to the Salt Tabernacle Lakesented of your excellent proud We are sing- $495.00 Stanton, Dr. FrankChoir by and up presiing, unexcelled organ music, of the

E. So. 11th Broadcasting 2130 of thedent Columbia and

Ltfke City, Ut. Salt Tradeins 17, as "Music andSystem, on July andgnettes—the'of the eloquentSpoken Word—andinspirational alsoviTerms

the Spoken Word"from Temple of KSL's important part in this twentySquare began its twentyfirst year year production. We recognize that SUGARHOUSE MUSIC CO.

as a radio network feature. Dr. participation in the Choir is a labor

Stanton had come to Salt Lake City of love, and that your yearround reto make the presentation. He said: hearsals and the early broadcasts on

Sunday morning all represent a real its begins this broadcast of you, and of each part twentythe As effort on is KETCHUM air, Ifirst compensation year only on the that want to further your express our thanks to you for this mag- a profound feeling of satisfaction withBUILDERS SUPPLY seriesnificent Expressing of broadcasts. of I in you. While each appreCO. directly is like thankof the service on behalf for your ciationam speaking

Columbia Broadcasting System, I know ing an old friend for something he "Everything for the Builder"from my personal experience that what has done as a matter of personal 4th So. at 7th West Phone 5-465G

the represents not only I say feeling pleasure. Lumber Cement carries that of the stations eachof

Plastic Roofing millionsthis also the but program year, twentyfirst begin your you of As listenersloyal Electrical Supup the make Plumbing who years, twenty we your second or audience. at CBS want you to know that you Tools plies

"Twenty years is a long time as we have our affection and sincere appreDoors Sash count time in radio, and this prociation. Hardware Paint, etc.

gram is by all odds the oldest con- {Continued on page 582)

SEPTEMBER 1949 549 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

JULY 1949 wife,lief Society,who is andcurrentlytwo daughters.president of the Shelley Stake RePea canning ended at Salt Lake City's welfare The appointment of LaMar S. Williams, photo

8 square by Salt Lake, Sugar House, Jordan Valley, technician; John Q. Adams, Samoan translator, and

and Pioneer regions of Church welfare. In the twoweek Howard R. Randall, editorial associate, to the staff of the

season, sometimes working all three shifts, 145,000 numChurch radio, publicity, and mission literature committee ber two cans were processed. was announced.

The newlydivided Salt Lake welfare region has

In"superintendentElder A. Hamerof theReiser,DeseretsecondSundayassistantSchool generalUnion, purchasedused as a thewelfareformercenter.Utah SoapIt containsfactory2.2whichacres,willwithbe

began a series of radio talks on KSL entitled "A Century railroad frontage.

of Gospel Teaching."An announcement was made that the first Relief SoElder Matthew Cowley of the Council of the Twelve ciety Handbook since 1931 had come from the press.

arrived in Hong Kong, China, with President Hilton A...

Robertson and Elder Henry K. Aki, to open the Chinese 2"n Ralph W. Hardy, second assistant general superinMission. Elder Aki is to serve as counselor to President "tendent of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Robertson. Association of the Church, and assistant general manager

of radio station KSL, was appointed chief of the audio division of the National Association of Broadcasters. He

in conclock pouring the the of concrete Around14 assumes his new duties in Washington, D. C, September 1.

six struction giant grain * bins of the storage comthe Mills, Kaysville, at 4:00 Deseret a. m. atmenced

the direction of the underUtah, Church welfare program. 209 TheThird combinationWard chapelUintahwas StakededicatedtabernacleVernalby President

Priesthood members from thirtynine stakes participated David O. McKay.

in the construction of this seventyfive foot high welfare Sunday School membership for the year 1948 totaled unit, with a capacity of approximately 165,000 bushels. 469,276, a gain of 24,735 over the previous year. Stake

The job of pouring concrete was completed at 8:00 a. m., totals were 396,524, and missions, 72,752. Women outJuly 16. Approximately 888 cubic yards of concrete and numbered men, approximately ten to nine.

seventy tons of steel were needed to complete the strucchapel, Stake,ture. Uintah in this year's (Utah) Already expansion completed proNaples Ward The 2 *j six the mills, O. David McKay. by President with warehousegram at was a twostory was dedicated

thousand square feet of floor space on each floor. The Glines Ward chapel, Uintah Stake, was dediAn evening organ recital began at the Salt Lake cated by President David O. McKay.

Tabernacle, to continue nightly at 7:30, with the excepSacrament meetings throughout the Church were

tion of Thursday and Sunday evenings, for the summer mostly devoted to programs honoring the Utah pioneers.

season. The weekday noontime organ recital, and one

Sundays at 4:00, continue to be very popular. 2r Pioneer Day parades were held in Salt Lake City

* and elsewhere. Seventyfive thousand saw the Salt

the nineentries featured from City parade which Lake celebration i opened a threeday Tooele, e Utah, centennial celebrating each wards, teen original its own founding. the of its anniversary hundredth marking

as follows: this floats were Their year. First Ward: President Clark, 17, President Jr.,On July J. Reuben of the organization immigrants; Second, arrival of the of the of the Council Richards F. Twelve, andGeorge

first place of (winner second pioneer Third, homes wards; residents Richards, Bishop all former Presiding LeGrand

first Fifth, fence sawmill; pioneer in Fourth, the division); School of addressed a the county, Sunday Tooele Stake

first freighting first Eighth, well; building; SixthSeventh,

gathering. centennial

company; Ninth, first missionary group leaving the valley;

Tenth, exploration of southern Utah (winner of third the statue of Brigham Young party; Twelfth, Eleventh, harvest in for place the division);

Washington, was firstInv AthephotographHall of Fame,of D. C, Thirteenth, the First Presidency; epistle of general second

published. The statue was completed in Italy, from a printing of first money in Utah; Fourteenth, first Sunday

perfect block of Carrara marble, by Mahonri Young, School; Fifteenth, first dramatic club; Sixteenth, pioneer

grandson of the pioneer leader. weaving; Seventeenth, first store; Eighteenth, organization

of first stake in the valley (winner of first place in the family. pioneer division); Nineteenth, andIn itsThetwentyfirstSalt Lake yearTabernacleas a radio.Choirnetworkand Organfeature.began in pioneers (those immigrant Salt Lake City At noon

who came to Utah before the railroad was completed,

InO ConstructionGermany, was commenced.on the first L.D.S. chapel in Berlin, May "This10, 1869)LandwereBe Ours"feted ata apageantbanquet atat theHotelUniversityUtah.

of Utah stadium completed the annual pioneer celebraCity. in Salt tion Lake 2 "a Theof ClarenceFirst PresidencyF. Johnson, announcedof Shelley, theIdaho,appointmentas presiTaft Elder Benson of the Council of the Twelve Ezra

dent of the Swedish Mission. He succeeds President participated in the naming of a new dam and the unveiling

Eben R. T. Blomquist. President Johnson, who is of a monument at Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada, which

patriarch of Shelley Stake and a member of the Shelley commemorated the beginning of irrigation in Canada by

First Ward bishopric, filled a mission in the Eastern members of the Church.

States in 192526. Accompanying him to Sweden are his (Concluded on page 552)

550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Again we are proud to present a great literary achievement IN OUR

7 'MARY"THE MOTHER OF JESUS IMAGE By SHOLEM ASCH $10.00 $3.50 A Treasury of Biblical Art and

(Publication Date October 7) Literature j\/fary is the simple story of a mother's love for * her son and the great story of the mother of Testathe people the Old of meet Wherein you Savior. our itself, in Conceived it is as a novel

. portraits timeless in to 32 face face also ment climax the of the masterpiece in Asch's begun Sholem

... in narramatchless 26 and.. Rowe by Guy and APOSTLE. THE NAZARENE THE tives selected by Houston Harte from the

The story unfolds in the little town of Nazareth. King James Version of the Holy Bible...

We see Mary, demure and selfeffacing, when Joseph with a stirring foreword by Kent Cooper.

seeks her in marriage. We see her emerge, through

faith, sacrifice and a profound as a towering Harte compiler, is a Biblical Houston figure, fTxHE acquainted with grief, but so imbued with wisdom experience. years'student He of many

and love for suffering humanity that she can tranhas served as director and vicepresident of scend earthly sorrow. the Associated Press.

The scenes are unforgettable: Joseph in the synagogue defying the slanderers of Mary, the crowded In Our Image is the final result of his ardent

inn at Bethlehem, Jesus in school defending his desire that everybody may share the joy and friendship for the outcast boy, Mary's tragic journey inspiration he finds in the King James Version to Jerusalem, and Golgotha. Throughout the book of the Holy Bible.

runs the story of Mary as the symbol of a mother's devotion and sacrifice. Guy Rowe, the artist, is a native of Salt Lake

City. Has been a painter for private collectors

In these scenes we see Mary warned of the great and leading national magazines. His interprerole she must play, accepting radiantly the tangible tation of Biblical characters was reached after

evidence of God's grace, proceeding with serenity three and a half years of intense reading and to Bethlehem to fulfill the pledge made to all manre-reading of the Bible. Through this study

kind. Jesus as a child we see as Mary saw him. he has decided to devote the rest of his life

We see him making decisions as maturity approaches, to religious art.

caring for the household after Joseph's death. For

fifteen years he labors as a carpenter waiting for The stirring foreword to this wonderful book that voice in the wilderness which will call him, as was written by Kent Cooper, executive direcMary was ever conscious, to his mission. The sumtor of Associated Press.

mons came, and once assured of Mary's concurrence and renunciation, Jesus strode forth from Nazareth This is a gift to be appreciated by young and—to pain and sorrow and rejection and to glory. old.

THESE ARE YOUR CHRISTMAS BOOKS

DESERET44 East South Temple Street BOOK COMPANYSalt Lake City 10, Utah

Please send me copy (copies) of "MARY"@ $3.50 postpaid.

Please send me copy (copies) of "IN OUR IMAGE"@ $10.00 postpaid.

Name Address

Cash herewith $... (If in the state of Utah add 2% for sales tax)

SEPTEMBER 1949 551 THE CHURCH MOVES {Concluded from page 550) season, meeting Monday and Thurs- n y The Church genealogical society daY nights for two and a half hours BALDWIN the during of August. first three weeks installed V 'has two Remington ELECTRONIC ORGAN Similar arrangements were being made film-a-record Rand machines, each capable of recording 35,000 temple cards for tne dance directors of the Ogden

daily on strip film. area.

n o A group of Church leaders, 8 Ellis T. Demars was appointed

** O headed by President J. Reuben to the general board of the

Clark, Jr., made a tour of inspection Y.M.M.I.A.

at the Church welfare Deseret coal mine near Orangeville, Utah. James M. Black, film editor of

6 the Genealogical Society of the

President David O. McKay Church announced that there were

81 dedicated the chapel of the some thirtyfour thousand microfilm

THESE BALDWIN Darby Ward, Teton (Idaho) Stake. genealogicalrolls, each onedata,hundredat the feetgenealogicallong, of

fifteen library. thouApproximately

additional rolls are DEALERS AUGUST 1949 sand now being are ready to serve you 4 M. I. A. stake dance instructors processed. Special metal cabinets are

in your own vicinity. J- for the Salt Lake area began a now being installed to store the film

Ask for a demonstration course of instruction for the 194950 properly.

UTAH SALT LAKE CITY NEW GENERAL BOARD MEMBERS APPOINTED

PalmerWatkins-Clark Music Company VS7ITH the approval of the First "D oyal L. Garff, associate professor

60 East First South Presidency, General Superinof speech at the University of tendent Elbert R. Curtis of the Utah since 1941, was born at Draper,

I. A. filled the has announced mission to Zealand apUtah, a New

Ellis of OGDEN pointmentY. M. M. and active to has 1924, T. Demars been and from 1922

PalmerWatkins-Clark Royal L. Garff to the general board. in Church work wherever his profesMusic Company Elder Demars, a member of the sion has called him. He was an in1518 Washington Blvd. faculty of the University of Utah, has structor at Northwestern University

taughtof Utah,schoolas wellin astheSaltoutlyingLake City.districtsHe Schoolinstructorof forSpeechthe Universityfrom 193136,of Inan

IDAHO is an Eagle Scout and has had seven diana Extension Division in speech years experience as a scoutmaster. from 193538, and taught speech from

BOISE He served as a missionary in France 193538 at the Hebrew Theological

Boise Music & Appliance Co. from 1929 to 1932. He has been Seminary in Chicago. During World

211 No. 8th Street superintendent of the Granite (Salt War II he was a member of the War

Lake City) Stake, M. I. A., and a Savings Staff, and chairman of the

IDAHO FALLS counselor in the bishopric of the speaker's bureau for the Red Cross.

Richards At this appointment Ward. of the Garff member Dr. was a George R. Larsen

as instructor he is serving Bishopric, Chicago Shore of the high North Idaho Falls, Ward Idaho priests'group of the Marlborough Stake, from 19381941, and a member

Ward, and as assistant superintendent of the Bonneville (Salt Lake City)

POCATELLO in the Sugar House Stake mutuals. Stake Mutual board from 194143. At

is Fawson Music married has Elder Demars and Company inhe is this appointment of time five the 138 North Main St. children. assigned to the dance He is class Doctrine Gospel the of structor

committee of the general board. of the Bonneville Ward Sunday

REXBURG School. He is the father of four chilGeorge R. Larsen dren.

35 College Ave. An excellent speaker, he has been

assignedthe generalto board.the speech committee of

MONTANA BUTTE HERITAGE Len Waters Music Company 119 North Main Street By Genneva Dickey Watson

Wisdom for all little things, you left

BILLINGS And joyousness your heart could not contain, Lindamood Music Company faith in something that can outlast With 224 North Broadway pain

ELLIS T. DEMARS ROYAL L. GARFF These gifts are ours, so we are not bereft.

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ishops know how Divine Service is inspired and devotion augmented by the majestic music of a truly fine chutch organ.

In your church such an organ will give inspiration through the years. Such an organ is the Baldwin, traditional in tone,

style and method of playing.

Churches have chosen Baldwin for that main reason. But other

reasons recommend the Baldwin. It is easy to play. It is

easy to install. It fits readily into churches of any size

or architectural style.

BALDWIN % ELECTRONIC ORGAN

Write to The Baldivin Piano Company, Cincinnati 2, Ohio, for further details.

Ns*

l; tftus&F":'.:-iBamimiiiiimik—

THE BALDWIN PIANO COMPANY, CINCINNATI 2, OHIO BALDWIN, ACROSONIC, HAMILTON AND HOWARD PIANOS

SEPTEMBER 1949 553 Idtimer'has a special meaning at Standard

They say you're not really an "oldtimer"The average length of service of all our at Standard until you've been on the job 17,890 parent company employees is at least 20 years... and at 30 years, there's slightly more than 11 years. And the

a special company award: a gold watch 20year "oldtimers"? Fully 4,856 are

and six weeks'vacation with pay. working with us today.

That's appreciation of a man's service to his company, of course, but it also illustrates a principle we believe in for all employees—good people in good jobs l * D 'V COMPANY

serve you best, and we do everything we CAL,f:ORNlA

jobs can at Standard to make good.

If Plons ahead"tot0 ser*e<or You better Security, pay good conand working ditions, advancement from within, free insurance, annuities at retirement are all part of making that principle a reality.

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Photograph by Hal Rumet

ndian Summer walks the woods again: IndianJScarlet smears the sleepy leaves whereon

Her silent footsteps, steeped in magic, fell. Yonder, as she glided by, her train Summer

Brushed a willow shrub and dusted on

Its foliage flecks of gold and caramel. kJu tiudrun lA/Lykt

Stubblefields are basking in her smile;

Mellow radiance, like an aura, lies

On hill and valley. And her valiant fleet

Of leafcanoes is bobbing all the while

Down the brooks, beneath the cloudless skies,

To follow Indian Summer's dancing feet.

Wispy fragments of her curls have caught

On the purple mountain's rugged crags.

And dreamdust, from her fragrant fingers spilled,

Wafts through the air, to wake a wistful thought

In a robin's breast; his carol lags,

And, smothered in vague, yearning dreams, is stilled.

SEPTEMBER 1949 555 REPLY TO "THE MAN WITH HARVESTS I SHALL NOT BE AFRAID

THE HOE". By Ova Pate Stewart By Harold G. Ridlon, Jr.

Bcyson Convey By see of ripened a stand T never wheat not f shall be afraid though stars may "I the see the behind plow, Without man of centuries, he weight by the * burn is to daily eat required bread he Whose in pitchblack nothingness.f* UIDowedleans his Flamelike pressed with Leavened from sweatUpon his hoe and gazes at the ground, earthy brow. turn I'llThe emptiness of ages in his face, No more to frenzy, weak and out of place,

And on his back the burden—Edwinof theMarkhamworld."IButneverwhatsee Ia mansee thefurrowloavesthe rowsof steaming NorI shallseeknot thebe afraidsolacewhenof a heartspleasingstill face.hang

bread, Limp and distorted, when the heart that"Bowed by the weight of centuries"?—not Graingolden, mannafresh, superimpose sang

he! The turning earth. Tersely, it could be Only for me is still. I shall not ever

The centuries will rather bear him up. said, Tremble and shake like some fainthearted

He leans upon his hoe and gazes, free The end of toil, seen from the beginning lover

To drink life's bounty from a golden cup! Makes wholly sweet the labor of Before a dream he never hopes to own,

breadwinning. Yet scorns to walk the lonely path alone.

Before him stretch the furrowed acres, dark And I, with Adam, would forego the bliss

And rich beneath the great lifegiving sun. Of Eden for a fruit the like of this. I shall not be afraid when earth and sky

Upon each fertile row he left his mark, And elements converge. I'll always try

I climb, butTo say with pride, "See what my hoe has FARM YOUTH The thenrope's firm grip before done!"

By Clara Laster I'll climb it straight nor ever fear again.

He tamed the crystal stream of City Creek. Singlethread earthly hope secured by sight

along plods full dusty country road, a thought's T Te cope with Can't thousandtoo. desert theIn Dixieland, blossomed,

* * thread. weight listens to The the southwind's gypsy And the Hurricane Canal.His hoe was on

forevers has combined to form Of all song, "Look,He laughs, hopeful dream. I shall not fear the Markham! See what In his the call eyes, The of many tomorrows

do!"man can storm, Tell of skyroads beckoning far and long.

Little man who never knew paved streets, Cold, heat of earthly passion, chill of "The emptiness of ages in his face?"Whose heritage is the farm, and wagon sorrow,

Oh, no! His face is one of growing dreams! trails Pain of a loss; I shall not fear tomorrow.

He sees his crops, saved from the Gila Here pantries hoard the fruits of other floodHe sees new lands—directs new hidden Andsummershired men help, while milk is kept SLOW SILENCE

streams! in pails. By John Sherman Walker

will the the challenge not of shun trading post's front He sunbeaten is a heStand not ashamed, ye men who wield the future, old sallow face, that flushed once was T hoe! is of task each youth to mold The affluently.

The earth will laugh with harvests from changing hour; Here, sagging shelves, long since

your toil! He longs to cross the threshold of his stripped clean by packrat thieves, are

years,And browngrooved by termite ants. God—who also worked to build a

be a man of great heroic power. To world

his destiny, achieved he has when postoffice privy safe boxes and open TheWill crown your efforts on his blessed soil! But

all his bright tomorrows have been And the ransacked been have rodent by spent, renegades; and papers of state invioLITTLE SONG FOR JELL His thoughtstrails will turn again to woodland latenests.are woven in a thousand mousy

A simple farmhouse will shape his

By Elaine V. Emans monument. The assay office is still cluttered with the

remnants of its acid trade—chipped tell let a cynic Never vials, retorts, scale, a a dustbound SMALL GREAT AND is poetry there no You ledger, torn, a samplestrewn upon

glass of jell smallest In the Clarence Flynn desk. Edwin see By looking, must For, you on

berries the hung, again Once walls are slowly molding into yellow Adobe selfsatisfied, souls on, calmly go Small amethyst, darkest to Crimson earth. if is wide. the universe caring Not tasting tongue it, your on And,

to feel a goalcrowned no challenge They beautykissed. be indeed Must is still silence, silence And crest, here—slow

the of lifeflow of yesterAnd lose no sleep about a gleamled quest. whispering

.. lusty greetings year. Of

SONG OF CHILDHOOD Great souls are tortured in the path they handclasps—of men—and merchandise. and go,—the country news—the crunching roll By Florence A. Cutter For skies are lofty, and earth s roofs are of stagecoach wheels—the stinging

low. crack of a snaking whip over the 'm wandering down the tangled streets Long.wakeful hours of silent nights they backs of heaving horses—a cowboy's

I of childhood; lie shout above the clamor of driven cattle—of loud... and lingering farethey reach for stars that are too past; Because corners of the theI'm lingering on

wells. high. little houses shuttered of the plainnessThe

Is softened by the shade the poplars cast.

Great souls glimpse reaches wonderful and TWILIGHT CANDLES far. corners streets little crooked lonely andOn Ireland Thelma things as be just By souls have Small would

of the height spirit from looks downMy are. they

the mountain pine tree on years, souls Small torment. souls Each Great know

And smell of rain on dusty wooden sidetake their rest, Is a mighty candlestick.

walks Knowing no better. Choose which one is The radiant, ruddy setting sun

Is mingled with the taste of many tears. best. Has lighted every wick.

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Opportunities for Dm lredlaent Ljeorae Mloert Smith mm.

i *;."(From an address delivered at the Sunday afternoon session of

Mi.A Conference, June 19, 1949)

wonder if you who are mony cannot be given to us by somebody workers andJleaders, in this great organizaelse. The conviction comes from our Heavtion realize that your happiness will be enly Father.

measured very largely by the success of those We observe the desire of young people to over whom you preside. Since you desire real do right. We have them in our care, our

happiness in the companionship of those you Father's children, every one of them, even love, be sure that you explain to them, by those who do not know that God lives, those your own conduct as well as by your voice, who do not know that Jesus is the Christ.

the purpose of life. They are his children just the same. He is

The truth will endure forever. Unfortunthe Father of their spirits and is anxious

ately there is much that people are taught that they should be brought to an understandin this world that is not truth and will not ing of the truth.

endure, and because of that many people are It should not be considered boastful if misled and fail to understand the purpose of we know the truth for us so to express ourlife. When the Savior himself was upon selves. It should not be considered egotistithe earth, some of his associates could not cal so far as we are concerned if we can say

understand the truth. When conversing with to our Father's other children: "This I

Philip, one of the disciples of the Savior, a know, and you too may know it if you deman named Nathanael was told that Jesus sire."

came from Nazareth. His birthplace apparThat is the beauty of the gospel of Jesus

ently condemned him in the eyes of this man, Christ. It is not for a few individuals, but

who asked, "Can there any good thing come it is for every soul that is born into the world out of Nazareth?"to know either here in mortality or when he

In reply, passes to the other side.

Watching the boys and girls in the various... Philip saith unto him, Come and see. organizations has been helpful to me; I have

saith to of Nathanael coming Jesus him, and saw faith seen their willrealize simple and how guile! Israelite indeed, him, Behold an is no in whom ingly they serve the Lord they underwhen 1:4647.) (John

stand what he wants them to do. The Church

By this it is evident that many good people depends largely upon the development of its are prejudiced beforehand, and it becomes children; do not forget that.

our responsibility to say unto them, with Jesus Christ gave the Church its name, reference to the gospel, "Come and see."but it depends upon these boys and girls

Nathanael did not believe that the great that are growing up, and I want to tell you leader that had come to Judah at that time the responsibility is ours to help them. If

could come from Nazareth. The unfortunate we will do our part, these lovely children

thing is that there are others who do not will make our lives rich.

know more than he knew, and they will not HThe Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday find their place in the kingdom of heaven unSaints began with just a little handful less we help them to discover the truth. of people as did the Church during the life-

I marvel at what is accomplished in our time of the Savior. The neighbors did not

organizations in the Church, our Primary believe a word of what the Prophet said, apAssociation, our Sunday Schools, our Mutual parently, even though he was a Prophet of

Improvement organizations, that take our God; but the Lord softened the hearts of

children and teach them the things that enindividuals, and one by one they were conrich their lives. How wonderful it is that vinced of the truth and men and women they can have a testimony—and know while and children found their way into the Church.

they are children that God lives. A testi- (Continued on page 603)

SEPTEMBER 1949 557 There is our first point. In this

text is a clear implication of the divine purpose for man's being in this Uke mortal probation. This purpose is

expressly stated in the Book of a spiritual body. In declaring this

Abraham by the Eternal Father to fact the scriptures are very explicit:

his fellow intelligences as follows:

... we will make an earth whereon And the Gods formed man from the dust

spirit his [that the of ground, and took these intelligences] [organized may dwell.

it spirit], is, the into him; man's and put to them herewith, And we will prove

see if they will do all things whatsoever and breathed into his nostrils the breath the Lord their God shall command them. of life, and man became a living soul.

(Pearl of Great Price, Abraham 3:2425.) (Pearl of Great Price: Abraham 5:7.)

And so our place in this world is Man's body, therefore, is but the divinely appointed. We are not to tabernacle in which his spirit dwells.

be out of it. Christ himself prayed Too many, far too many, are prone

that we should not be taken out of to regard the body as the man, and it. Remember the phrase, consequently to direct their efforts

to the gratifying of the body's... but that thou shouldest keep them

from the evil. (John 17:15.) pleasures, its appetites, its desires.

Tonight we have listened to some PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY

of the problems which young men and young women face while sojourning in this state of mortality.

(Address given by President David Let me summarize them:

O. McKay at the final session of First: Church ideals and Sunday the M.I.A. Conference, Salt Lake

sports Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, Sunday, Second: Choosing companions

June 19, 1949,7 p.m.) Third: Observing the Word of

Wisdom approach this subject, "The Fourth: Does active membership

Abundant Life in a Selfish in the Church inhibit or en-

I World,"with the belief that hance one's freedom in develyoung people would like to live opment?

the abundant life. You want to Fifth: The value of chastity in a

live and have a good time, and not world of lowering moral standbe deceived by an improper way of ards getting that good time. Is that not Sixth: In the world but not of the

true? world

Seventh: The value of doing right

And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to "though none might see me"thee.... Eighth: Getting back on the

I have given them thy word; and the moral and spiritual highway

are they because hated them, hathworld before commenting upon Now not as I am even the world,not of it specifically, I think of these of each world.the facts basic to well consider some take is I that thou shouldest not pray clearly life, more of which, when but that thou world, of the out them shouldest keep them from the evil. (John understood, may prove helpful di17:11, 1445.) rectives in these and other difficulits passions. Too few recognize

ties which we meet in daily vicissithat the real man is an immortal

You may add the phrase, "of the tudes. There will be no time tonight spirit, which "intelligence or the

world,"tation—"Thator take thouthe revisedshouldestinterprekeep toto giveelaboratethem onto youthese.becauseI amI goingthink viduallight of entitytruth,"beforeanimatedthe asbodyan indiwas

them from the evil one."you will accept them, but we want begotten, and that this spiritual

Thus, in perhaps the most imthose who are skeptical also to acentity with all its distinguishing pressive prayer ever offered, Jesus cept them. If you doubt them, go traits will continue after the body

prayed for his disciples on the night to your teachers, and they will ceases to respond to its earthly en that he faced Gethsemane. Nor prove that they are right. vironment. Said the Savior:

did he plead for his disciples alone, but, as he said, I. Man A Dual Being comeI cameinto forththe world:from theagain,Father,I leaveand theam

dual being, is a First, and man his world, and go to the Father. (John 16:28.)

is the of That Neither pray I for these alone, but for life God. a plan

shall believe on me which them also first fundamental fact to keep in As Christ's preexistent spirit aniword. (John [the disciples'] their through

17:20.) mind. Man has a natural body and mated a body of flesh and bones, so

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ABUNDANT LIFE Jn Ji SELFISH WORLD In his epistle to the Galatians,

Dm [resident <JJauid \J. fl/lcJ\at Paul"worksspecificallyof the flesh,"enumeratesas he callsthe

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY them, and the "fruits of the spirit."

Note this classification: The works

does the preexistent spirit of every Whether as cheat or as sportsman you'll of the flesh are manifest as these:

play. uncleanness,... fornication, Adultery, this worldinto born being human settle you, betray but you may enmity, witchcraft, idolatry, first lasciviousness, that in mind keep Will you or your best live to to your as the FateWhether heresies, seditions, strife, jealousies,

first basic truth of life? worst. Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revelthen, is: Which question, I tell like: the The of you which such lings, and it be, to are wanting is you So whatever

past, in time told abundant also you before as I have will the more give are the choice fashion to you life Remember, pampering our physical nature, or free. that they which do such things shall not

of inherit the God. kingdom strong, selfish, gentle or or selves? Is spiritual Kindly or our developing

joy, Spirit is love, But the fruit of the the wrong, or taking the Keeping right way real problem? not that the gentleness, goodness, longsuffering, pride, peace, guarding your of or Careless honor

II. Man Has His Free Agency All thesecide. are questions which you must defaith,Meekness, temperance: against such there

The second fundamental fact is Yours the selection, whichever you do; is no law.

crucified that are Christ's have they And thing men call character's all up to that man has his free agency. The

flesh affections the the with and lusts. you.

For the power is in them, [men] where- ("You"by Edgar A. Guest, from If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk

in they are agents unto themselves. (D. The Light of Faith, copyright 1926, in the Spirit. (See Galatians 5:1925.)

6 C. 58:28.) used by permission of the publisher, (Ital. author's.)

The Reilly & Lee Co.) IV. Spiritual Progress Demands All truth is independent in that sphere

in which God has placed it, to act for itIII. Indulgence Effort

otherwise also; intelligence all self, as fast the forty days'in From third on the basic fact to keep The

existence. is no there of to the temptation is mount I think moment indulgence, and'of man, and mind is the agency here Behold,

here is the condemnation of man; because there is not one of you here who on the cross when he cried in trithat which was from the beginning is can accept this from experience. Inumph: "It is finished!"Christ's

plainly manifest unto them, and they redulgence in appetites and desires of life was a divine example of subdulight. the not ceive Full of sigand overcoming. but physical satisfy for the ing man spirit receiveth the whose every man And in nificance spoken are his words lead to unhappimoment, and may condemnation. is under light the not

For man is spirit. The elements are ness, misery, and possible degradahis farewell address to his disciples:

inseparably element, give spiritual spirit achievements tion; and eternal, and you, things unto spoken I have These

of joy; a fulness receive connected, to be repented "joy not of."the in peace. In that have ye might me

recannot separated, man And when tribulation: shall be but have world ye

joy. of fulness a ceive of cheer; I have overcome the world. good

of God; the tabernacle are elements The 16:33.) (John

even of God, tabernacle is the yea, man is detemple whatsoever and temples; quoting "Moral am now Law"—I

{Ibid. temple. destroy that shall filed, God a scientist has glimpsed from who

93:3035.) these eternal truths I have named

I will conclude the thought by just glimpsed them, I think,—but

quoting the following: on this he is right

it disinterestedness; imposes Moral Law "YOU"

is disagreeable, hard, that orders which

You are the fellow that has to decide and painful. Its requirements often revolt

Whether you'll do it or toss it aside. the flesh whose sole ambition is to persist

You are the fellow who makes up your and to enjoy. It demands the throttling

mind of selfish sentiments for the sake of someWhether you'll lead or will linger behind thing which is still obscure to those who

Whether you'll try for the goal that's afar do not have faith, but which is even more

Or just be contented to stay where you are. powerful than the instinct of selfpreserva-

Take it or leave it. Here's something to tion: human dignity. The profound awaredo! ness of this dignity imposes a highly

Just think it over. It's all up to you! moral existence and paves the way to

* * * spirituality. And the greatest miracle is

Nobody here will compel you to rise; that this cruel law has won the universal

No one will force you to open your eyes; respect of man who sometimes uses his

No one will answer for you, yes or no, intelligence to combat it, thus affirming its

Whether to stay there or whether to go; reality.

Life is a game, but it's you who must say -'Photograph by Jeano Orlando {Continued on page 560)

SEPTEMBER 1949 "'55

THE ABUNDANT LIFE IN A SEEFISH WORED

{Continued page 559) from to indulge in creasingly if you want among Now women—slaves!

compensate it procures The joys exercises for the bodily amusements, the spiritual and Where is power in ofsacrifices it demands. The sentiment

a you cannot do* it on the Sabbath these future mothers? is accompanied byduty accomplished

kind of total satisfaction which alone gives day with impunity. Keep in mind

true peace of soul. The moral man—in the positive points mentioned by HThe fourth problem: Does acvirtu- the have said wouldolden one and sisters in the our brothers tive in the membership Church

happiness and goodous discussion. will roundtable man—spreadsdays inhibit or enhance one's freedom if is impossible, or, happiness him,around

redevelopment? and Without takes resignation whichthe its place. HPhe SECOND problem: choosing

Destiny) peating(Lecomte du Nouy Human given the excellent thoughts (Permission granted by Longman's Green companions. Having in mind our I will add this one: Can you think

& Co., Copyright, 1947 by Le Comte du basic truths, this question is a simple of any organization in the world in

Nouy) one—Whether you will choose which you can serve more effectively

to appeal your companions who in in the an organized than way millions of thousands, are There inspire those nature, or baser who I of Christ? Church Jesus Now have high andmen who women best. at to your be you always service mention character beand not have tostandards, do and we I thrilled Recently, was those are the things only and cause two

fail.yield to the few who I heard thankful one of your when in a take us with which we can

Now, having in mind these four number say that she felt she would few years when we leave this world.

facts dual offundamental sweetheart. She her to give have up life—the is: have you The What of his freedomnature of man her, likes but likes him, he and—of character; made thereresponsibility his questionyourself—yourchoice of the the lately chosen he has way service have rendered what and you

to one's contrary cigarette; likes he a world. Hefor—indulgencesand others? to

conscience leaves heaviness of heart speaks disparagingly of the ideals Do you remember that questionand unhappiness while spiritual of the Church. Fortunately, she

I cannotachievements always give joy is wise enough to observe that given by some man whom spiritual progress demands effort—tendency, and she has "given him name?

let us consider these eight difficulup."I say with all my heart: God Supposing today were your last day on

ties: bless her, because she knows that earth,

companionship leads to love. It The last mile of the journey you've trod;

HThe first problem: The Sabbath is from such companionship that you After all of your struggles, how much are

day. It is better to cherish find your companion for the future. Howyoumuchworth?can you take home to God?

Church ideals on Sunday, or inIf she joins her life with his, her dulge in Sunday sports? This is ideals are going to be lowered; and Don't count as possessions your silver and

simply a question of physical she would rather take a little sufgold, these behind, leave you fering now than much suffering Tomorrow spiritual development, orpleasure is all to that yours and to hold have And keep in mind later. shouldand in that we service Is the given you've mankind.

the following as was so beautifully Choose good companions, and emphasized tonight by these brethfind among them those with whom About the necessity of expressing ren and sisters: First, it is a day of you would like to go through life your emotions in action, you have

rest, essential to the true developand eternity. heard the story of the wealthy lady

ment and strength of the body, and who sat wrapped in her furs in a that is a principle which we should HThe third problem: Observing theatre box and wept over the

publish more generally abroad, and the Word of Wisdom. I am imaginary sufferings of the charpractice. A second purpose for merely going to add one thought to acter on the stage, while her own

keeping holy the Sabbath day is those reasons given in the discuscoachman froze to death outside bementioned in the first sentence of sion. Obedience to the Word of cause of lack of clothing. A good

modern revelation: "That thou Wisdom develops greater spiritual emotion should be expressed in

mayest more fully keep thyself unpower, that spiritual power which action. The Church furnishes this

spotted from the world."That is comes from resistance. Of the opportunity. James said:

will find sentence. You gloriousa virtue of selfcontrol, consider the

thy faith thy works, without me Shew Covenants.it and in the Doctrine following I will thee shew and by my my faith

Third, keeping the Sabbath day works. (James 2:18.)

holy is a law of God, resounding "The soul that is worth the honor through the ages from Mount Sinai. of earth, '"The fifth problem: Chastity.

You cannot transgress the law of Is the soul that resists desire."The dominant evil in the world

God without circumscribing your today is unchastity. I repeat what

spirit. It is better for you in youth to appeared over the signature of

Finally, our Sabbath, the first day say, "No, thank you,"when offered President Joseph F. Smith while he

of the week, commemorates the to indulge in things which create was living:

greatest event in all history an appetite for themselves. Be

Christ's resurrection, and his visit master, not a slave. Look around No more loathesome cancer disfigures

as a resurrected being to his asyou and you will see the slaves to thethe bodyfrightfuland afflictionsoul of societyof sexualtodaysin.thanItsembled apostles. appetite—unfortunately now, in- (Continued on page 600)

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Suddenly Its Fall

d5rentnali

—Photograph by Merrim from Monkmeyer

Those were the words I saw in a and we've all been glad to be exthoughts should have been kept department store not long ago—posed. busier than feet or tongues. Per-

"suddenly it's fall."My heart Ben steps up the community pulse haps these youngsters were tired,

surged with a renewal of energy. also. He has just come home from but all I heard from them was the

Fall is always the beginning of a a mission. After the first delighted disheartening tale of how "Mima's

new year to me—its bright leaves, greetings, some young men suffer boy friend had stood her up"last its gentle winds, its crisp, brisk feel. an unfortunate "let down"—a sense week and "believe you me,"that It means classes and books and of criticism and disappointment in would never happen to them—"at

good times and good friends—new the "home folks."Ben has sideleast not twice."

opportunities. And yet I have stepped this aftermath as neatly as Last fall in Washington D. C,

known those who faced fall—the a young man ever maneuvered. He I stood looking into the rotunda of

end of vacation and the beginning has organized a very lively study the Mellon building. I walked

of work—with dread. I've always group and is converting the conthrough its corridors. Some day Iwondered why. I love to see young verted—patiently taking them hope to stay long enough to look at

people stand up to life with courage through the steps of reading and the pictures which adorn its walls, and enthusiasm. Know what I discussion which have proved so but for that first time, the impact of

mean? effective on his mission. They meet the building itself on my spirits

A high school girl lives near us. on Sunday—an answer to the Sunwas so tremendous that I had no

For years I have seen her at this day problem for a goodsized group strength for anything more. There

season get out her old report cards of teen agers. All hail to Ben! before me was architectural integproportion, majesticand credits, look over last year's There are not enough Sally's and rity—perfect

work papers, polish her shoes, air Ben's. Not long ago, I walked space combined with quiet intiand scald her lunch box and theralong a mountain path with a group macy—that was almost beyond humos bottle. I've seen her try on of young people. Underfoot the man power to absorb, let alone delast year's skirts and sweaters and scribe. Yet not long ago someone

make a careful list of necessary retold me that the most impressive placements. Eventually she always part of the building was the cafecomes over to see us with her hands Let's Talk It Over teria in the basement.

full of samples and her eyes full We need to stretch our sense of of stars. The dress of the year is in earth was soft and fragrant with appreciation and enjoyment. We

process of selection. What color do pine needles. Trees pushed alneed to meet our days with vigorwe like? What style do we think most as high as the eye could reach ous, wideeyed welcome.

best for her? She is joy personiagainst a blue, blue sky. Cloud Let me suggest a few spiritfied. Sally's enthusiasm is a real plumes moved slowly, bunching and stretching exercises. These are to

tonic for the entire neighborhood. separating as if moved by some be taken whenever you feel yourself

It's been as contagious as measles, mysterious celestial plan. Eyes and {Continued on page 592)

SEPTEMBER 1949 56)—Photograph—rnoi courtesy Salt Lake Tribune

This Hardy: Ralph W.Elder the of people of young group

several together met A has Church \Jpenr <Jji>V5CVl55lOVl 0,ntimes. As we have gathered, we

have knelt down humbly and asked about talked as to bless us weGod Problems Of of youth the of problemsthe the Betty: Girls my age also have a

Church. As a result, we present problem on Sundays; so many of work needs a rest, and our mental

with humility this discussion and the them want to go to shows on Sunbattery needs some kind of divercomments from the youth that are day afternoon. sion from the daily activities. Our

a have we represented.here other spiritual right, any All Hardy: battery—yes,

for it on special little something day questhe Sabbath We on realize that a vast change in problems a sense, has been wrought in this tion? Sunday. On Sunday we go to

it the with store up through when, and 1847, Church sinceChurch in Hardy, Brother Well, George: that so gospel the Emigration of defile of teachingsthe rugged have from, we I come where Hawaii think about to pioneers something of have we'll band hardy aCanyon, this about Sunday every decide to sheer the valley. week. during this great Theentered I think we swimming. of matter activity is another gave There here Beverly: location their ofisolation That indeed. problem, great face a and their Sunday on to do can respect in which we problem athem never Pacific which blue deep, is just the weather now with our relationship for whichattitude and is tempting a eyesight our leaves quiet a taking that's suited, communicaand with today Butworld. I and speak, to so water, of pool or I somehike a the don't mean walk. transportation, andtions, do youngsters certain many am a just with walk like rethat but ideas thing and of abroadspreading devil the with fighting of bit quite a talk or meditate this friend and of maybe Church youth thelationships,

on Sundays. over problems. It is really quite is literally in a community of the

have a fundamental refreshing and enjoyable.world. Must we change our standHardy: We

to be apseems us, that before issue is that I believe Sunday condithese George: ideals underards and

of youth the wherever parent the seeking day for opportune have things the the an we Willtions?

stood for over the years be our Church is found. Can we attack the finer things of life and improving

suggestions making problem by this do by readcan if minds. continue as our safeguardsgreatest we We Sabbath the can do on you to what to listening and find books ing help good to fast them? To to hold

this regard is it that we day? Why music. we've questions, good to these answeran Beverly? day? particular as a day sisters, I. can Brothers and the A. Hardy: of group M. each ageasked

to present one problem, and from Beverly: I think that Sunday is you hear a central theme in all of

the thinking of our group we hope the very finest day for building and these comments from these young that some positive suggestions will cementing friendships. Christ taught people? It is a theme that should

be made which will be valuable that we should do good on the Sabspeak to every Latterday Saint.

to young people throughout the bath, and most of us know someone Sunday is a day our Heavenly

Church. who is crippled or bedridden. Think Father made especially for us! How

David, what problem have the of the happiness we could bring ingrateful we should be to our Lord

Boy Scouts to present? to the life of that person, by taking that he gave us a day distinct and

David: I'm just wondering how over a bunch of roses, along with different, a day to take stock, a day

important it is to keep the Sabbath a great big smile. to improve our family relationships

day holy. What I'm thinking is that Reed: I think Sunday is rightly and visit loved ones, a day to take

to do some a lot of my boy friends go out and a day of rest. We have three quiet walks, a day

play on Sunday. And, well, if it's major batteries within us: a physipersonal battery recharging, a day

good on weekdays, why isn't it good cal, a mental, and a spiritual. Our to improve our minds and a day to

on the Sabbath day? physical battery after a week of tune in the rich spiritual powers that

562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to have as many friends as you can.

George, what's your point of view on this?

George: Making friends and

keeping myself worthy of those friendships has brought tremendous blessings to me. Most of my life

I've spent among associates who were not Latterday Saints, who did not believe in the same teachings that I do, who did not worship God in the way I do. And now during

the past year, while attending

Brigham Young University, I've come among good fellows who live clean lives, who believe in God in of Y.M.M.I.A. and Superintendent Assistant Hardy, Participants: Ralph Second W. I do, and these friends who representing the Stake, Hawaii, right: Kanahele, Oahu left to George ModeratorM Men; inSarahcenter;A. the way others from

Ward, Bonneville Yale Fairbanks, Interest; David Special Stake, Stout, Capitol Washington Ward, Highland'live in the best way possible Wallace, Girls; Sharon Junior Stake, Granite Ward, James, Wells Scouts; Betty Stake, Boy

Explorers; Beverly Provo Stake, increased Ward, Girls; Manavu Reed Miller, have Stake, Bee Hive Mt. Ogdcn my Ward, God's way—Harvard Ward, L. Collinson, Girls; and Selby Stake, Gleaner Bonneville Yale Ward, Romney, this of Church and Liberty understanding Interest. Special Stake,

gospel. of this appreciation my (From a presentation given during the

effective way Reed: The most Sunday Evening Session of M.I.A. that the Lord can do his work hereThe Youth Conference, June 1949) upon the earth is through people

like you and me, and the most efis to be ourselves Of The Church fectiveLord's waywork that we can do the models of the standards of the

The Sabbath Day, Value of Good Companions, Word of Wisgospel. Then the Lord can effectivedom, and Church Activity—these are the problems discussed. ly use us as instruments through

which he can do his work.

Sister Stout: I think everyone

are available to every person who panions with whom we associate. agrees that it is a human characteris willing to reach out and touch the But how do we go about making the istic to be an imitator. That being

hand of God. proper choices of companions? true, we must be very careful to

Sharon, have you a problem that What things determine how we choose companions that have the would be typical of all our lovely choose? kind of habits that we can afford

Bee Hive Girls? Betty, have you an answer to to imitate.

Sharon: We Bee Hive Girls are that? Beverly: I believe it would be

at an age when we like to be with Betty: Well, I believe our friends well for all of us to remember when our friends almost constantly. And are really chosen by the things that we choose our companions that we find that making new friends we want out of life—by our ideals friendships are eternal.

just circle I don't enlarging of our standards. and companmean and talk about Hardy: we When

interesting that things the ions material the most is about we might this reexpanding our world and thing we can do. And of course like, but rather the things that are lationship with that world, can we

that realize hearts of friends that the type in our deep down we that unless we remember we ourselves that influences actions our want. and really I know and truly we have told us, are fit subjects, as Reed

little, girls that several conduct. our I know we all think when we are the through perform can Lord whom

that our quite resent that the fact coincidence it is quite par- a who all of friendthe his mighty work, in hopes the ents friends the are so particular to have same Church seem ships and companionships that we things desires, the like the type about same of companions they and and not form will serve our fundamental seek. They know that whatever the we do. But when we get a little purpose of advancing God's work?

it tell isn't their older, just that or parents a them Church we find as Surely the out into world, go we is, really their pick for course, coincidence, that best good, of but we to school, to play, or or to work, we it the to friends they but they because want is. our want know why to that need be our reminded comHardy: Why are parents fussy things that we really want, and panionships reflect our inner ideals

about companionships? Why does have the same ideals that we have. and standards and that if we would

the Church take a particular interSharon: We Latterday Saints serve the Lord, we must hold to

est in the people with whom we are expected to be somewhat difthose standards and choose friends associate? There's a good question ferent from other girls, but at the who will support us in that relafor the youth of this Church to same time we want to be popular tionship. Now, Reed, what probthink through. and have just as many friends as we lems do the Explorers have to preSurely every one of us would possibly can. sent to the Church?

agree at the outset that we all tend Hardy: I'm sure you do, Sharon, Reed: I guess the Explorers

to be greatly influenced by the comand I'm sure the Church wants you (Continued on page 588)

SEPTEMBER 1949 563 VI is MISSIONElder Benjamin F. Grouard

coming to Tubuai!

This cheering news reach Adrived at Tubuai on dison at Mahu on December 19, March 23, Addison ob1844, from the crew of the ship tained some St. Louis

Chili. Next day, when a messenger newspapers. In one of

informed Addison that Elder them he read that a

Grouard had arrived at Mataura on Mormon who had arthe opposite side of the island, he rived in St. Louis had

left immediately and "at a few stated that "Joe Smith bounds"traversed the five miles bewas raised from the tween the two villages. dead, and had been seen

Who could describe the meeting in Nauvoo & Carthage, of these two friends and fellow mismounted on a white sionaries who had been separated horse, with a drawn for eight long months? What sword in his hand."

started out to be a handshake What could this mean?

turned into an embrace. Tears He had no way of unflowed freely from both pairs of their own, they could do no less derstanding it, but the news cereyes, and for a full fifteen minutes than what seemed to be in the best tainly added nothing to his comfort.

Elder Grouard could not speak an interest of the mission. Then on July 1, a schooner, arunderstandable word,, and all Addiriving from Tahiti, brought letters

son could say was, "Ben! Ben!.}uring the months of February from Elders Rogers and Grouard,

Ben!"and March, following the visit which contained, among other

A thousand thoughts and more of Elder Grouard, Addison found things, extracts from newspaper overwhelmed them on seeing each his thoughts turning more and more clippings telling of the death of other's faces. Thoughts of their to his home and loved ones. Why Joseph and Hyrum. Addison could

families, tfyeir long and tedious voyhad they not written to him? This hardly believe what he read, but

age aboard the Timoleon which had was the season when whaling vesthe evidence was now overwhelmtaken them away from their homes, sels were outward bound from the ing, and the awful accounts of the the sorrow of their own separation States, and within the space of those slaying of the Prophet of the Lord in the islands, and the numerous two months six ships stopped at and his brother, and of the persecuexperiences they had had during the island, but none of them brought tion of the Saints, caused his blood that separation flashed through their a letter to him, not a single one. to chill in his veins. Again his

minds. They had been away from On the birthday of one of his thoughts turned to his wife and

home now for nineteen months, and daughters he recorded in his jourfour daughters. How helpless and

away from the States for fourteen nal: useless he felt. If only he had been

months. In all of that time they home to help protect them and prohad received no word from the This is the birthday of my little daughter vide for their wants!

out is drawn shouldn't he go home now?

in beWhyChurch or from their families. Loisin prayerBarnes.to myHowheavenlymy heartFather,

Whether or not their loved ones half of my dear family, on all such days. With the help of his many friends

were still alive, they had no way It draws out my heart in fresh anxieties he could undoubtedly raise enough of knowing. Whether or not the when I remember it is a birthday of one to pay for a passage on one of the

Church had been destroyed by its'of that little circle. Two long years have whalers which touched at the isenemies, they could only guess. nearly rolled away since I saw them, or land. Could he be expected to

How or when either of them would hardlywhetherheardthey fromare yetthem,amongand whothe knowsliving, stay longer in view of all that had ever get back to his home was a or numbered with the dead. When I think happened?

matter which they hardly dared of my long exile for Christ's sake, upon Quickly he thrust the thoughts even consider. this lonely island of the sea, with all comfrom his mind. He had been called

is all that to cut off from dear munication the of the Prophet Lord to open by during All the month of January re- (for native not land, I have me in my this islands the mission of among each enjoyedthe companions two I I left) since them a letter ceived from other's company and performed am almost led at times to murmur at the the sea, and until he was released their labors together. But on Februhand that deals thus with me, but I trust or inspired to return home, he would

the I shall of a wise see yet hand serve the stay where and he was of ship 1, the Marshaary New that it all satisfied. in Albe providence and his family? Lord. about And what Tahiti. for arrived, boundBedford I this thing hard, yet one seems though

Brother Grouard's request for pashave very much of God's goodness to If he did his duty, he knew that the sage was granted, and the following praise him for, and often feel that I do not Lord would protect them.

day the two friends parted again. half come up to my duty, or I should be Looking around him he marveled

in this thing, differently with one andThe parting was a sorrowful one, dealt to lead put his goodness me may my at how well the work of the Lord and as Addison reported, such whole trust and confidence in him. May was progressing. During this year

scenes are more to be felt than dethe Lord help me and bless my family he had been on the island he had scribed, but as they were obeying baptized sixty members into the the will of the Lord: rather than From the ship Atlantic which arChurch, almost one third of the

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA looked very bright, but Elder Rogers had already decided to re- 'ay-<:'-

turn home.to POLYNESIA ASS'T MANAGING EDITOR Perhaps there was a reason why

Addison and Elder Rogers did not

The Story of Addison Pratt meet on Tubuai.

And The C\n the evening of November 10,

Society Islands Mission Addison sat down to write in his diary, but after recording the date he could think of only one

This was his wife's entire population of the island. And of seeing his dear friend shattered thing—home. adImagining he was in addition nearly all of those who by a few seconds was one of the birthday.

to he directly her dressing himself had not joined the Church were to greatest disappointments that Addibe counted among his friends. This son had ever suffered, and for a wrote:

had brought about greatly improved while he felt again to murmur at his My dearest earthly friend, could I but conditions among the people, and hard lot. Why such a thing should know your situation this day, what a

there were less fighting, less bickerbe ordered, he could not understand, burden it would remove from my mind.

I think when parting with ing, and no drunkenness, as the but for some reason he knew it was How little did people had voted against allowing for the best, and hoped that someofyoutheandMississippi,our dear childrenthat twoon longthe banksyears spirituous liquors to be landed on day he might be able to understand. must roll away without one word from

the island. Addison could hardly Elder Rogers was on his way you, nor any one else from my native

believe that all of this could have home. From the first day he landed country, and the reports I hear respecting

occurred during the course of only in the islands, he had been beset the troubles and afflictions that are heaped one year, and daily he prayed that by discouragements. On Tahiti the uponcausesthemyChurchheart byto ache,mobs andand marauders,you, I exthe Lord would give him strength French and the natives were at war, pect are in the midst of it all. May the

to carry on, and to understand why and this, combined with the firm Lord's arm be extended, to save you all he received no word from home. hold missionaries from other denomfrom death and destruction, and may his

On July 9 another great disapinations had on the people, made it spirit rest upon you to deliver you from pointment came. The ship Three practically impossible for any progsinwant,andand temptation,as another coldfromwinterpenuryis pressand

Brothers arrived at Mataura with ress to be made in preaching the ing upon you, may you all be provided

Brother Noah Rogers on board. gospel. But he was determined to with the necessaries and comforts of life.

Elder Rogers had pleaded with the find ears eager to listen to his mesMay friends rise up on your right hand both assist to and comfort, on your left, captain to stop at the island so that sage, so leaving Elder Grouard on and spiritual things, till in in temporal and he could see Addison, and the CapTahiti, he had made several trips shall be permitted to return to you inI tain, who had no business to transto other islands, traveling as far safety, shall be my daily prayer.

act there, reluctantly consented to distant as the Cook, Harvey, and stop for one hour—no longer. Austrial groups. While Elder Addison arose at dawn on the

morning of December 4 and started for Mataura, from where he had spent the past week at Mahu. This

morning he did not hurry. At least

once a week for many months he had been making this trip by foot, and as usual he was carrying his gun so he could shoot some ducks or hens along the way. But his

mind wasn't on hunting, either, so when he arrived at the marshes he made only two shots, killing four ducks. Then he trudged on. "How

many more times will I pace this distance, ere the Lord will open the way for my release from this *$ banishment from home and friends, and the bustle of a busy world,"he

Addison was at Mahu, and a Rogers was on one of these trips, thought. Although he did not know

messenger was sent with all possible Elder Grouard also left Tahiti, to it at the time, this was the beginning dispatch to tell him his friend was seek what he hoped would be more of an important day in his life.

there and had such a short time to fertile fields in the islands to the Soon after the class he was schewait. Addison left immediately, East in the Tuamotu Archipeligo. duled to teach at Mataura, had berunning most of these five miles, but When Elder Rogers returned to gun, he heard the familiar cry,

he arrived too late. The ship, with Tahiti, he found a letter from Elder rero. Going to the window from

Elder Rogers on it had left just Grouard, asking him to come to the which he could view the ocean, minutes before. Having the prospect island of Anaa where prospects {Continued on page 598)

SEPTEMBER 1949 565 aSMMiaja&a

DAM AND GATES OF THE OLDMON RIVER

DOMINION EXPERIMENTAL FARM, LETHBRIDGE

A. E. Palmer, former Lethbridge

Stake President, is Superintendent of this farm

CANADA

West, and later the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints bought the Cochrane Ranch and colonized it with scores of happy families. It is the United Irrigation District today, a prosperous

section of the Alberta Stake of Zion, and that irrigation job was so well done by those immigrants from Cache Valley, Utah, that it is part of the project today.

These settlers were led into Canada by Charles Ora Card in 1887.

He and his wife, the beloved "Aunt

Zina"Young Card, daughter of President Brigham Young and Things were happening in the "Billy, the Mormons are down there mother of the Canadian colonies,

Southwestern Alberta country on Lee's Creek plowing up the were the inspiration of the new in the early summer of 1887. A whole country!"settlement on Lee's Creek. President

group of swarthy cowpunchers Cochrane looked at his worried Card, head of the Cache Stake at from the Cochrane Ranch, grass riders for a moment, grinned, and that time and his original company brushing the stirrups of their sadreplied: were soon joined by others driving

dles, were heading for the home "Don't worry about the Mornorth over the Overland Trail to place to report to the ranch manmons, boys; they'll winterkill anymake a new home in Canada.

ager, "Billy"Cochrane, son of Senway."Cardston was the first settlement,

ator Cochrane who had founded But the Mormons didn't "winterand among the achievements of the big cattle outfit. kill."Rather they made a friend Charles Ora Card and his associates

Arriving at the ranch the foreof "Billy"Cochrane, put up hay for in the little colony was the diverman jumped off his horse, walked up him, built him an irrigation ditch, sion of water from Lee's Creek to to "Billy"Cochrane and said: one of the very first in the Canadian the land for irrigation purposes.

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA That small venture, typical of the missionary, and, in 1 874, the Northwho was at that time a member of whole colonization movement by west Mounted Police, who brought the Council of the Twelve and inthe Latterday Saints, is part of the law and order to the frontier. In fluential in the Canadian colonies,

Aetna irrigation project today. the wake of the rancher came the for the purchase of 700,000 acres at

As in Utah, the Mormon immitide of landhungry farmers in the astonishingly attractive terms comgrants were irrigation pioneers in land rush at the turn of the century. pared to such transactions today.

Western Canada. Against the The grasscovered Canadian The terms called for a rental payfrontier background they introduced prairies, northern extension of the ment of two cents an acre for a

this phase of agriculture destined Great Central Plains of America's period of four years followed by the to be the turning point in a vast midwest, saw their first irrigation payment of one dollar an acre to section of the Canadian West. And back in the early '80's. The first be paid over a period of eight years.

this year the Golden Jubilee of Irlife-giving waters to be diverted to To help in the proposed settlement rigation in Canada is being celethe land was near Calgary by one of these lands—some of the choicest

brated, the fiftieth anniversary of John Glen. That occurred on Fish in the West—the company applied

the building of the first major canal Creek and Glen spread the water to parliament for legislation authorby these immigrants who trekked on his hay meadows. Then two izing the building of irrigation works

into the country of cheap land to American squatters, on the Peigan in Alberta south of the fiftieth paralfind new locations under the British Indian Reserve west of Fort Maclel. Parliament passed this enaflag. leod, diverted water from Beaver bling legislation in April 1893, but

Irrigation was probably the greatCreek for irrigation. But the real the whole scheme was delayed beest single contribution of the Latterstart came with the Mormon trek cause those who were promotday Saint people to Western into the country and the building ing the plan were unable to raise

Canada development, and this year of the "Great Irrigation Canal"the money, and in 1895, the conCanadians salute the man with a by the settlers of the Cardston, tract was canceled.

shovel who wore gum boots. A Magrath, and Stirling country. A These were dark days for the

monument to irrigation has been unCardston district farmer from Utah, colonists. However, the leaders

veiled at Magrath, which is also Richard Pilling, is credited with were not discouraged, and their observing its golden jubilee. Stirling, making the first official application faith and early efforts proved not

in vain.

In 1896, after repeated representations to Ottawa by the A. R. and

I. Company, Clifford Sifton, Minister of the Interior and a friend ofSalutes Irrigation the west, consolidated the holdings

of the company into one solid block, for an irrigation plan section alternate the water right in replacing J-yawk >teete

Canada. &7 C Western hingrants. This land in making

The first major project, the Aldrance out of the way, the company

Early l.D.S. leaders In berta Railway and Irrigation scheme renewed its land settlement efforts.

(it is called the A. R. and I.) was George C. Anderson of Denver,

Canada Are Honored planned and financed by the Gaits, irrigation engineer, was brought in

Sir Alexander T. Gait, one of the and reported on the feasibility of

too, is marking its fiftieth anniver- "Fathers of Confederation,"and the scheme, and in 1898, actual sary in this year of jubilees. The his son Elliot T. Gait. Most of construction of the canal was begun.

"Canadian colonies"are growing the money was raised in London, The chief contractors were the up and today are looking back over Sir Alexander being the Canadian president and high council of the a half century of irrigation develophigh commissioner there at the time. Church in Alberta, and they subment in Alberta. The Gaits had opened up the coal contracted; teamsters and laborers

Irrigation brought the expansion mines at Lethbridge in the early were chiefly members of the Church of the land settlement program of '80's and had built railway lines who had come into the country the Church in Canada, providing to handle the output. For this from Utah and Idaho to settle. They

work for incoming settlers and, in development in the new country were paid one half in cash and one the end, land on which to establish they received from the federal half in land, the land with water homes, towns, and villages. Fifty government a million acres of land right being valued at $3 an acre,

years ago the sprawling frontier as a subsidy. land now worth up to $150 or more

settlements were not much to look With all this land in their posan acre.

at, but they were prophetic of the session the disposal of it presented It was through the building of growth to come with the extension itself to the Gait interests. For the canal that the Magrath and

of irrigation in a region where the some time the leaders of the Church Stirling wards of the Alberta Stake annual rainfall is eight to sixteen in Canada had been presenting to of Zion were organized in 1899, the inches. This is the potential "Dust the company the feasibility of irrigabishops being two outstanding

Harker of Magrath leaders—Levi

Stirling. prairie"—homeBowl"of Canada,of thethetreelessbuffalo "trueand Albertation, and Railwayin Decemberand 1891,Irrigationthe of and Theodore Brandley

Indian tribesman of bygone days. Company made a deal with PresiBishop Brandley later became a

Here came the trader, explorer, dent Card and John W. Taylor, (Continued on page 568)

SEPTEMBER 1949 567 CANADA SALUTES IRRIGATION (Continued from page 567) His first step was to cancel a 000,000 longrange program either member of the Taylor Stake presi- $50,000 assessment owing for surunder construction or in the bluedency, operated a general store for veys which proved the turning point print stage.

many years, and was agent at in the whole irrigation enterprise. The pioneer Latterday Saint

Stirling for A. R. and I. lands. From that point it went forward to settlers proved the value of irrigaBishop Harker became a noted completion. tion. Their settlements along the

sheepman assisting in organizing The diversion of St. Mary River "big ditch"grew steadily, and inone of the pioneer Canadian prowater, source of supply for the A. dustries based in the soil began to

ducer cooperatives, the Canadian R. and I. project, was at Kimball spring up to balance the general

Cooperative Wool Growers'Asnear the Montana line. The St. agricultural economy. These insociation of Toronto. Mary rises in Montana, and its cluded cheese factories, sugar facWork on the canal proceeded water is divided between the U.S. tories, creameries, canneries, flour

steadily, and, on July 4, 1900, the and Canada by treaty. Work bemills, and at Magrath a woolen mill.

water reached Lethbridge, and gan there in 1898. In March of the The Lethbridge Northern projMagrath and Stirling in July the next year the townsite of Magrath ect of some 100,000 acres was

following year. was surveyed, and in April the first formed in the early '20's with the

Land commissioner for the A. settler, Charles H. Dudley, located province guaranteeing its bonds.

R. and I. Company was Mr. C. A. in the new townsite. Many of the older Mormon comMagrath, a lasting friend of the Meanwhile, dirt was moving munities now had families looking

Latterday Saints in Canada. The rapidly on the canal job, and in the for new homes. The Church was

year, Magrath, of this jubilee town invited fall Magrath of 1899 Mr. there growing. been had Where the his name. wasbears He inauguto Clifford Sifton first the Hon. stake, three one there were now elected Lethbridge, of wasmayor that officially project. the rate On Alberta, Taylor, Lethbridge. and Canadian parliament, becameto recalled being occasion, historic now families therefore to moved Many International Joint the ofchairman jubilee, the the in with connection the Lethbridge Northern, today and of later chairman andCommission to Lethbridge from party journeyed in are there wards two flourishing

the Ontario Hydro Commission. trail in prairie the over A Magrath Picthe City and block—Diamond engineer and Canadian famous in a minister rode buggies. The ture prosperButte, the latter made probsettlement land authority on outfit. fourhorse spanking The It factory. a Dr. sugar ous by was in retired lives lems, he now in the headrefreshments party had of the Widtsoe, A. one GenJohn

it B. Victoria, was C. who He after tent at canal the quarters'in called eral Authorities, was who the Authorwith Church negotiated formally Sifton launched Mr. which the reto Alberta government by building relating to ities matters on I. R. project. A. and the The the colonization of the port on

It settlement. land canal the and the started CanWestern scheme at time a Northern Lethbridge when

also A. Magrath who was G. with over program, reclamation ada surfor struggling project the was original sale the of the handled irmillion acres under half a now vival. report Widtsoe was The in of lands Alblock acre 30,000 in another Alberta rigation and pointlater not only implemented,

inKnight the berta acquired by a with $100,- million projected acres for success the of the the ing way terests of which became and Utah also setting the pattern but N. Ranch, the famous now L. "—K2"reclafor future Canada Western and along Church by the owned

with it the Kirkaldy Ranch south mation projects.

of Raymond (it is now the Knight Linked with irrigation was the

Ranch) founded by the "Uncle beet sugar industry, another LatterJesse"Knight interests who built day Saint contribution to Canadian

Western Canada's first sugar faceconomy. As already noted, it was

tory at Raymond. "Uncle Jesse"Knight and his sons

Mention has been made of the William and Raymond, of Provo, assistance Interior Minister Clifford Utah, who started the industry by

Sifton gave irrigation in its initial building a $50,000 plant at Raystages in Alberta. Not only did mond. This plant operated for a

he alter the land subsidy policy, but number of years under many diffihe also provided government aid culties, and when the growers when it was urgently needed. Mr. turned from beets to wheat, and laMagrath met Mr. Sifton—later Sir bor supply problems arose, it was

Clifford Sifton—-in Ottawa and preforced to shut down, and the masented the irrigation story to him, chinery was moved back to the

and to his astonishment found the United States. It was not until

minister most friendly to the plan. the '20's that the industry was reMr. Magrath said later: "He did vived.

not say I will see about it or I will At that time appeals were made consult the cabinet. He said the by influential men in the settlements

government will assist."(Continued on page 596)

568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA thinking would be simpler and the conclusions more dependable.—/. A W. N TIN E jN *hAz*>cl4*\& TREASURES TO SHARE

(Melvin Westenskow. Published by

the author, 1106 "I"Avenue, LePROVIDENCE AND HER YOUNG CHRISTIANS AT WORK Grande, Oregon. 1948. 170 pages.

PEOPLE (J. Otto Nail and Bert H. Davis, As- $2.00.)

(The Historical Society of Provisociation Press, New York. 1949. rRiTTEN in three parts; An Analysis

dence: A. Campbell, Hyrum Is of Provi116 pages. Christendom, the Modern $1.75.) W dence, Utah. pages. 412 1949.) Claim of of this Smith Joseph True? and "Dooks The kind are needed. FifDrovidence, Cache County, Utah, teen young people tell of their Plan of Salvation, this volume expopulation 1,300, displays in this jobs, not fancy ones, the preparation plains in a straightforward, logical, and

excellent history the best type of comfor them, and how they may give opunderstandable way the fundamental munity spirit. There is life and vigor, portunity to serve man and God. The beliefs of the Church of Jesus Christ

an assurance of progress, in a group book is cheering and helpful to job of Latterday Saints.

that knows the gifts of the past. Unseekers and job givers. One may Part one presents answers to the

der only average surrounding condimake of his work, whatever it is, a questions, Are all Churches True?

tions, Providence is a model commucontribution to human welfare. Then Why are there so many Churches?

nity, in its history, industry, finance, in Is the and to Remain World a job becomes a career.—/. A W. culture, faith, religious art of and the Spiritual Darkness? Part two deals

having people live happily together. WRITING FOR LOVE OR mainly with Revelation, The Book of

In each of the thirtyone chapters, MONEY Mormon, and the Prophecies of Joseph making relates One, the Book which the three discusses LatterPart Smith. (Edited by Cousins. Norman Longactivities developing in the building interpretation of Saint the Plan of mans, Green 1949. day York. & Co., New the town, for reads a lesson today. As of Salvation. pages. 278 $3.50.)

the their pioneers children and used, will of the Church Nonmembers in states editor the Foreword, HPhe their under conditions, the unchanging this particularly helpful find volume "This is concerned writbook with of progress, laws so must under do in we beliefs the of the understanding it is ing as a craft, but not 'howto'a is conditions. our job. That our the will The enjoy Church. Members

is Indeed, the book."a book wise is in thrilling thevolume essence story fresh the message and stimulating way selection from authors original whose of heroic battle to man's the is make presented.

first contributions in were made Thewestern barren desert as the blossom find should to Share wide Treasures Review of Literature. rose. There is always of Saturday some kind In his usage in missionary work.—D. L. G. "Learning essay on How to Write"desert to conquer in a changing, advancing world. Jonathan Norton Leonard takes a THE FOUR ESTATES OF MAN

Book Two is devoted, in brief crack at the writing schools and (Gilbert Charles Orme. Bookcraft,

biographies and good pictures, to the reaches the conclusion "the way to Salt Lake City. 1948.

personalities who built Providence. learn to write is to write."This 151 pages. $1.75.)

Europeans, of many countries settled appears in the section titled "The "P lder Orme's book deals with a very there, strong, fearless, faithful, kind Writer's Life."Section two is titled interesting and important subject

faces! Out of this human melting pot "The Writer's Problems."Among The Four Estates of Man. These

came sturdy, capable people who the authors included are: Henry Seidel estates are the premortal life; mortal

served well their own town and far Canby, Phyllis Bentley, Edith Wharprobation; the postmortal spirit life;

beyond. Beyond expectation, many ton, William Saroyan, Ellen Glasgow, and the resurrected state. Out of its

of the sons and daughters of ProviPearl Buck, Thomas Wolfe, Norman 151 pages, 107 discuss man's mortal dence have achieved eminence in their Cousins, Somerset Maugham, Ben probation. In that section a great

pursuits. Ames Williams, Rex Stout, Alice variety of pertinent gospel doctrines

Dalgliesh, William KatherRose Benet It "In Eden's presented, ranging are from book to peruse—welline Fullerton Gerould, Truslow James ofcompiled, Coming Second to "The Garden"a model is a goodwellprinted—and Adams, Brown, and John Mason many is infor Christ."written an inbook The W. A others.—/. other critics. writers wellknown and is Its style. doctrine teresting sound.

THE SINEWS OF PEACE The book is a must for writers or In fact, this book would be a whole- (Winston Churchill. Houghton Miffpotential writers and will prove of some volume to add to one's library.

lin Company, Boston. 1949. 256 pages. great interest to the general reader. Probably its greatest service will be

$3.00.) One can't help wondering as he its appropriateness for investigators

"TPhis volume includes the postwar finishes the stimulating book-—why, and for Latterday Saints who are not

speeches of Mr. Churchill from with all the stress given to it, there too well grounded in Church docJune 1945 to the end of 1946. This is isn't an index!—M. C. /. trine. Through studying this book, the

the eighth volume of his speeches, the readers will be introduced to many of first seven of which cover the war WHAT CAN WE BELIEVE the basic doctrines of the restored years. Few people have ever excelled (Vergilus Ferm, Philosophical Ligospel of Jesus Christ. If Elder Orme

Winston Churchill in his public adbrary, New York, 1948. $3.00.) had given more space to his discussion

dress—and as samples of organization HPhe former president of the American of premortal and postmortal life and

apart from the information that they Technological Society attempts had added a preface and index to his impart, these speeches of his are of here to help the searcher for truth to volume, it would have been even a great interest and value. While they think out solutions for his problems. greater contribution to Church literamay not have quite so much interest It is a book, engagingly written, charture. However, in spite of these facts,

as the war volumes, they will have a acteristic of today's better approach the author is to be congratulated for peculiar and particular appeal since to religion. It would be stronger if producing this pleasing and doctrinally

they have an urgency in them in view the author had accepted the certain sound small volume. Milton R. Huntof the appeal for peace.—M. C. /. truths concerning God and man. Then er

SEPTEMBER 1949 569 The Fort on the Firing Line &y Jtu & afm,an

SYNOPSIS the water had melted it from the racket to relieve the monotony of

Tn the year 1851, President Brigham walls, and moved back inside. They the long stretches of peace, which

* Young sent colonies to extend the dug the shocks of corn out of the somehow were unduly prolonged by territory to the south. Those whoMormon

adversaries: to fight the thick layer of mud and sand which these tame, compromising Mormons. fourwent had

Utes, the Navajos, the renegade whites, the flood had laid down around They wanted, most of all, a nice litnature, times atand which seemed the them, hoping to use the tle of free horses, of with some its crop war all.greatest treaty adversary with of No corn for pigfeed, loot, free they license. and threw guns, and Tothe States set* could United the guarantee

tiers from the depredations of the Navajos. more dirt on their roofs to repair bid for such a harvest they would

Kit CarsonEven the Indians who displaced the leaks through which the rain have to go where it was to be found it impossible to quell them.had found Jacob

Hamblin and Thales Haskell genuinely had dripped dismally on their and watch for opportunity. So they

loved the Indians, and time after time won heads for weeks. Sustained by pitched their smokebegrimed wickpeace, a reluctantthem to only to have it some unexplainable assurance of iups in a sprawling group near tobroken again actions because of the of the

renegade whites. But at last the Mormons safety in the midst of all these one of the big cowcamps at what

had begun their settlement, in the face of dangers, they broke up the square was called South Montezuma Creek,

Indian attack and nature. of log houses where they had been now Verdure, and got promptly inXII cooped up in discomfort four years to a fuss with a hotheaded cowin the fort and built on their town puncher over a stolen horse. Rip-

1 withAfter accepting this latest call to lots separated by streets. roaring and uncompromising

stay, the twentyfive or thirty This, however, did not mark the a passion for flourishing the ivorymen still on the job set out to end of the Fort on the Firing Line; handled sixshooter he carried on

hold the fort regardless. They took San Juan, the appointed incubator his hip by day and kept under his

stock of the dismal wreck where of Indian troubles and troubles in pillow at night, the cowpuncher their $48,300 ditch had been, a general, was destined to be hatchshot one of the Piutes in the mouth ditchsite not so good now as when ing them out at frequent intervals as he contended angrily for the they began on it in the spring of for forty years to come. horse in question.

1880. Where it was not obliterated The bishop had the men survey That shot was the match to the

by the force of water which had again for a ditch; most of the powder. That Piute, known as

swept it lengthwise, it was gutted former ditch had been rubbed comBrooks, with the torturing bullet across by a hundred streams which pletely from the picture, its course hole from his palate to the back of had roared down on it from the untraceable, its altitudes changed by his neck, became ample stimulus cliffs. Bishop Nielson limped out the flood. They went up against it for immediate war, much more so

over the devastation and called his with teams and scrapers and than if he had died, as men with people to begin on it again. shovels, keeping a sharp watch all that kind of wound are supposed

They shoveled the smelly sedithe time on their horses. to do at once.

ment out of their log houses, slushed Those restless Piutes simply The sprawling group of wickiupsup the chinks again with mud where itched for some kind of rousing disappeared, and the Indians sank

White Canyon from sight with a suddenness to astonish that cowcamp on South

Montezuma. Two fellows gathered

the outfit's horses and rushed them into a corral. But the Piutes had

not by any means taken their departure, and they had not gone too far away to bombard that corral.

When they tore loose with a roar, and their bullets whistled and rattled among the poles of the high fence, the fellows dodged and scooted to drop behind the first shelter they could reach.

Joe Nielson from Bluff had been riding with this outfit, and fearing that if the Indians saw him with them now they would react with 570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA more impudence towards his own They ransacked everything to the and down the west side into a people, he proposed to go home, bottom of the box and left the precipitous strip of territory known and fearing for his safety if he outfit in flames. Then they moved now as White Canyon. It was mad

went alone, a cowboy named Fred off deliberately with their big haul temper rushing in where wisdom

Taylor went with him. They slipof good saddle horses towards the would fear to tread.

ped carefully away down the creek wellknown and beloved rocks of The Piutes knew every foot of and rode all night, warning the their Elk Mountain, and their that country; they knew from the

people at Bluff of what was happenplaces of absolute security beyond first where they were going and ing at the foot of the mountain Comb Reef. where they would send that mob of

above them. cowboys and soldiers back the way

The rest of the cowpunchers at As SOON as the cowboys could colthey came. The "Mericats"knew

South Montezuma didn't get away lect their wits, they got in touch nothing at all about the cliffbound so easily. They contrived to shove with other men of the saddle and traps into which they were being

their horses into an arroyo till the inducing a company of soldiers led nor where that game of "followfiring let up, and then they dumped to go with them, they took up the jack"was suddenly going to stop.

their beds, their grub, and some trail west of Salt Lick. They disThey simply followed the tracks,

of their most important valuables covered with surprise that the Piutes and when the outfit in head plowed into a new wagon with a doublehad not hurried away as they had up the dust with bullets too near bed box, hitched on two span of big supposed but were waiting confiin front of them, they took the hint mules, and started by way of a very dently among the tall timber for and traveled more slowly.

crooked wagontrack, not a wagonthem to come. When Piute scouts On the south wall of White Canroad, for Bluff, fifty miles away. told them the white men -were on yon at what is known now as Soldier Crossing, the Piutes stopped on

a high shelf and called mockingly for the mob to come on. That was

for them a very generous way of announcing that they wished to be followed no farther, but the rearing pack at the foot of the hill misunderstood the signal and spurred on to the foot of the steep trail. The

wonder is, since it was the Piutes'own chosen game, and since they had stacked the cards to have it all their own way, they didn't dispose of every white man in that

Home of Aunt Elsie Nielson and reckless gang and thus make

Bishop Jesse Nielson another prize collection of choice horses, guns, high boots, and wide

They huddled their horses in a their trail, they moved off to the hats for the big carnival for which jostling herd around the wagon, west, keeping tauntingly and mockthey were preparing.

figuring it would tend to protect the ingly just out of rifle range, and But savages are governed by exspirited team and the unsheltered leading the furious posse into travagant beliefs and incomprehendriver. dangerous regions with which it sible superstitions, and it is inexplicall familiar, at through and was not taking refrained from able why they lope they a brisk went two On

it follow. to business no had (Continued 572) page on the which calledmiles to what is now

Salt Lick and began to think they Across Elk Mountain they followed Home of Aunt Christen Nielson and had dodged the trouble by a narBishop Jesse Nielson row margin, but right in the bottom of that little Salt Lick Valley, a pandemonium of shots broke loose from the clumps of oak on three sides of them. The big mules

dropped in their harness; the herd

of saddle horses stopped with a snort, milled, and scattered. Panic

reigned supreme. One man was

struck in the hip with a bullet and another in the foot, and everyone socked the spurs to his horse and "quit the flats."

Riding warily out from cover, the Piutes rounded up the frightened horses and gathered around the new wagon and its dead mules.

SEPTEMBER 1949 571

THE FORT ON THE FIRING ONE

{Continued from page 571) up what was left of their cattle and sheep. According to law he had as

the big prize when they had mandrove them out, but others saw nothmuch right as anyone else to the euvered it within their easy reach. ing to be gained by moving. grass and forage around the remote

Instead of letting the eager caval- "Why leave this place?"they little town; and, if he took a notion

cade of bluecoats and cowboys come argued, "Where, in this Piutein- to stay there, he could not be moon up the hillside to where the last fested region, can we find anything lested in that right, though it starved frantic one of them could have been better? It'll be only a little while the people to death. He knew his

finished off like a rat in a trap with till these fellows have another fuss, legal prerogatives as a citizen; he

not the least chance of defense, the and they'll go plundering wherehad found a good range covered

Indians shot the two men in the ever they please, for now we know with grass and flowers after the big lead at the bottom of the trail, a they can go anywhere."rain; and he was resolved to avail

cowboy named Wilson and a soldier Time proved that the Indians had himself of all its benefits.

named Worthington, and the rest crossed over into the impregnable Bishop Nielson called a council, of the posse fell back to the shelter fastnesses of Navajo Mountain beand they considered the crisis from of a little ledge of rock. yond the San Juan. every angle. It was an ugly proscouldn't the fellow drive little pect—they shelter that of narrow N the the winter of 188485, theI Touring at the point of the as a gun away rim, outgeneraled fuming, the

fort builders of the again made to the north of them would cowmen all that hot waited Julycompany ditch, called they a a channel what if at they once crowded, do were in to listening helplessnessday, little in fall the to with such sand of idea the buying him out and callingtheir companions wounded that the mile the in blue sediment like of the "the longing seemed faintly for water.ever more When it filled to in level the the water star."for the racked a moth They

it safe night the of made shadows spring weeks. few came in their for better When wits a vain way,

tofor they move, began meekthem its unfailing with sandstorms from to sent for they then ask and their to followly sorrowfully and the southwest, they the turned mudprice. figures stagHis O'Donnel's

totracks South Montezuma. back in that channel, water sand dy of out gered seemed them—they the Soldier redCrossing From their sedimentenriched plowed question. the

the victors crossed countryhanded fields, situation the half and had afford could they O'Donnel knew cliffs of a throughsouthwest maze to lovely. a notion look had They his for to than sheep anymore pay to without be gulches supposedand prosperity, they been promised and else could they pay, would and one all, trail at the entered andany

it believed a begun. had What let to other afford buyer not some of east Holein-theRockcountry by

if this world gloomy would hope be for them, of then get they ahead Bluff lake, thethe mysterious where fail to should tread heels the of fare worse. even might knew He their catof hiddenpeople most had

it disaster! to long a Yet be was to sufficient leverage pry he had safety.tle in thought they was what really things before time look did their right of out homes and them wilderthis heart of the remoteIn to lovely, that looking stay very way everything they about from away of the shore the grassyness on at in Bluff. a time long if in the the refused they world had called Piutes lake, the whichstrange

situation Into that half which was to name. he saw fit sum regardedPagahhrit, which they and

lovely, inclined to look dis- a came of people Bluff simply had The of their ansanctumas the inner turbing report of a man named to be rid of those sheep or abandoncient retreat, they held a wild

O'Donnel, who had come from their homes and go. And they hadcelebration.

in with a somewhere Mexico New to to go, stay but not and resolved and sang and danced They flock big to hills skin of the sheep regardless. fort the O'Donnel hold shouts which withexulted savage

bit in of vicinity of feed every the that, a he to had and seemed know in the naked reechoedechoed and

It Bluff. of the stranglesame was the grip than deadly them on morecliffs. themselves glutted and They that the hold taken Navajos had on taken. had Navajos choicest thetheir yellow on dogs them three years before, but in that

best animals the ofcuts beef from it possible to case get was asksent a around bishop boy they relief,rpHE the the range.of number Yet

their pleading before knees on by to the of ing town riotous the men in their mostcould consume of the various agencies government.extravagance, was small indeed gather again. They knew he was government agency had any No resourceful, and shot to the number theycompared right to move O'Donnel and he had leaving his what of slaughter,for the love to propose—hethey tried to wouldguess

them untouched to rot. perhaps have some of their most apt

When it was known in Bluff that diplomats go and plead with the this gang had gone south from fellow to move to some other place.

White Canyon, the people feared When they met at his home in the for their cattle, and arrived at the evening, the little room became still lake to find it stinking from the big with expectancy as the old man celebration. The celebrators had arose and looked at them with

gone, leaving no track to show how studious appraisal.

or where they had found exit from "Ve vill puy de sheep,"he anthis rimmedup corner. nounced.

Some of the Bluff men gathered ( To be continued 572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Free Agency And Social Organization

vuthiontanani6mit Mnd cJJiemocrac f

September 1823, in L.D.S. (Continued) declared that "all"who receive the

INChurch history, we read for the gospel are "sons and daughters"in first time that divine authority, BY God's kingdom. Particular attenpriesthood, was to be revealed lest tion was thus given to the rights

the earth be led to mourn. 1 Thus kj. Cromer LOurham, f-k. <*/j. of women, as well as those of men.

in its inception and forecast by HEAD OF POLITICAL SCIENCE DEPARTMENT Emma Smith was called "an elect cast—forMoroni, thethe rolebenefitof authorityof man. wasBut UNIVERSITY OF UTAH lady,"(Verseand7) toas bea woman,"ordained"was andcalledto

benevolence is not enough. Satan expound the scriptures and exhort

promised a benevolent, saving record his own consent, may be read the Church. Accompanying this

dictatorship. A benevolent desin the same section, verses 8182. revelation came another (Section

potism is fatal to human growth. With this instruction in hand, 26) in which reaffirmation of the

God's government is benevolent, Joseph and Oliver proceeded to principle of common consent was but it is not despotic—at least in organize the Church on April 6, made, in point of time seeming to

our theology, because it is shared 1830. (See Section 21.) As required emphasize the enfranchisement of

by all through the priesthood and by the laws of the state of New women in the Church, as they were operates through common consent. York, six men voted to organize, specified as "daughters in God's

Later, "sometime in the spring of voted to accept and sustain Joseph kingdom"in section 25. Section

1829"the complete power of and Oliver as elders. Then, and 26, Verse 2 declares:

the priesthood was reAnd all things shall be done ordination,stored through Part VIII bychurch,commonby muchconsentprayerin andthe James, and John.by Peter,

all things you shall faith.Joseph Smith and Oliver 1 H C Church and Modern Soc 1 f f V* receivefaith, forbyCowdery could herewith

functionbearers—butas individualnot in a church,priesthoodor ordained—notthen only, weretoJosephthe priesthoodand Oliver someSubsequently,difficulties inthereChurchoccasionedgoverngoverning capacity, as we shall see. but as Church officers, elders of the ment, because, in their enthusiasAccordingly, in "April 1830,"preChurch. The divinely recognized tic exercises of the newlycon-

sumably before the sixth day of the law of common consent had been ferred authority many believers month, a revelation calling Joseph revealed and used to accompany sought to turn the Church this and Oliver to be Apostles and first and implement the restoration of diway, or that. If the Church is to

and second elders of the Church, vine authority. Section 21, dated remain a unified body, it must move

respectively, was received ( later acApril 6, 1 830, also reaffirmed the in one direction. This doctrine was

cepted and published as Section 20 principle of authority. Having freely also in the divine specifications for

of the Doctrine and Covenants, see voted to accept Joseph as first elder "moving the cause of Zion."But

Verses 2-3). In this same revela- (a position in the Church), the the majority have to act on specific

tion it was stated that elders of the members were instructed to receive proposals; there must be a head to

church were to meet in conference Joseph's word "as if from mine own decide, a mouth to speak, an ear to and transact the business of the mouth."(Verse 5.) Why? Verses receive suggestions, a chairman to

Church; that elders of the Church six and seven give reason: act as speaker. We will pass over

were to be licensed by vote of the description of the Hiram Page and things these doing the gates For byChurch to which they belong (the of other incidents. They are well-

... shall hell prevail against not you;

congregational principle of Church For... Him have I inspired to move known. But in the revelation of

government), or from the conferthe cause of Zion in mighty power for September 1 830 ( Section 28 ) dealences, and that no person was to good... ing with the Hiram Page episode,

be ordained to any office in the there is much of interest as to the

Church without the vote of that But mighty power for good, when role of the faithful priesthood memChurch. See Ibid. 20:6165.) moved, was always to recognize the ber who wants anxiously to "be

Presidents, as Church officers, were value of the individual's freedom. engaged in a good cause of his own

recognized, and were to be ordained Almost, it seems, as if the Lord's free will."(See D. & C. 58:27.)

"by direction of a high council or wisdom recognized the proclivity of Such a man was Oliver Cowdery, general conference. "{Ibid., 20:67.) "almost all men, as soon as they get the Second Elder. Verse five of

The basic principle of representa- a little authority"{Ibid., 121:39) to Section 28 indicated to Oliver that

tive government, the use of deleexercise it unrestrainedly, subsehe was not to write "by way of gates and authorized representatives quent relations reaffirmed the rights commandment, but by wisdom."

in a growing church where every of Church members and the doctrine Only Joseph (Verse 3) was to member could not be present to of common consent. "declare faithfully the command1PearI of Great Price, Joseph Smith 2:38. In July 1830 (Section 25) it was (Conttnued on page 574)

SEPTEMBER 1949 573 THE CHURCH AND MODERN SOCIETY {Continued from page 573) be quite proper to have it "equal General Authorities and the memments and the revelations, with in authority"to the Twelve as a bership of the Church. Finally,

power and authority unto the general priestly group. But a body Verses 82, 84 of this remarkable

church."But again, verse ten reof seventy men, cannot as a revelation makes "a president of the

peats that even Joseph is appointed body be as wellknit, cohesive, and High Priesthood"responsible to a to preside "by the voice"of the unified in physical power as a conferences. Furthermore, referring smaller group. Notwithstanding, in common council of the church, who shall

assisted twelve of the counselors bynow to Hiram Page, the Lord's the of the revelation, economy as be... Priesthood. shall High none Thus declared,word the Church expands, a general justice be the the from exempted and law

council of the seventy would proof God...... these things have not been appointed

unto him, neither shall anything be apvide, if not from the standpoint of pointed unto any of this church contrary the revelation, at least from the The justice and the law of God to the church covenants. standpoint of all we know about for Church government, as revealed

For all things must be done in order, and general government and political to Joseph Smith and accepted by in consent theby common of the vote reveal Church, thus an church, by the science, a very significant represen- (D.prayer C. 28:1213.) of faith."& essential democracy. Declaratative institution. The a By definition,

An interesting insight into the body of Twelve cannot function tion Regarding Governments and phrase, "prayer of faith"is found as a representative institution as Laws in General, presented by in the revelation of February 4, well as a group of seventy. Seventy Oliver Cowdery to the conference

1831: men can go more places, see more of August 1835, which adopted the

people, observe more conditions, rerevelations compiled into the book

Hearken, O ye elders of my church.... flect them in their operation, than of Doctrine and Covenants, and

the faith shall of prayer your... by ye that conference adopted (and can twelve. Yet have by the Twelve

receive that law, to ye may know how my since incorporated as Section 134), the advantage although of "power"all churchgovern things have and my right before me. (Ibid. 41:2-3.) the two bodies are "equal in authorreserves only one lawenforcing

ity."For sheer interest and study, "sanction"to the Church as it

Thus, common consent, and all ofthis revelation is one of the most operates in society, namely, excomficers are concerned with the govinteresting in the entire book. The munication. Even the process of

ernment of the Church... "that ye decision of all three of these quoexcommunication provides the reqmay know how to govern my church rums should be by unanimous vote uisites of democracy: fair hearing,

and have all things right before (Verse 27), resorting to majority trial before witnesses, right to counme."... effectively harmonized rule "when circumstances render it sel and defense, and if a member of

must be authority in the modern impossible to be otherwise."(Verse the Melchizedek Priesthood, a forChurch, of reality, the "priesthood 28.) mal procedure before twelve high

of all believers"to a most remarkFurther recognizing the general priests, the stake high council, any able degree. law of common consent, Verse 32 member of which may be disqualiSection 107, the remarkable states that any decision of these fied if for any reason a fair trial may

"revelation on priesthood"of three bodies of general authority, be impaired. Further, the DeclaraMarch 28, 1835, shows the har- "made in unrighteousness"may be tion declares that ( 1 ) freedom of

monization of these two foundation brought before "a general assembly conscience, (2) the right to indiprinciples of Church government in of the several quorums."Verse 36 vidual property, and (3) the right

remarkable degree: makes the "standing high councils, to life must be held inviolate. All

Verse five marks all authorities at the stakes of Zion"equal in the Presidents of the restored and officers in the Church as apauthority Church have preached the doctrine pendages to the priesthood. Of the that in the gospel of Jesus Christ is

Melchizedek Priesthood, in the affairs of the church, in all to be found the perfect law of libtheir decisions, to the quorum of the presierty and that the mission of the... three Presiding High Priests, chosen dency, or to the traveling high council. church is to extend and maintain

to ordained appointed and body,by the the confidence, office, upheld bythat and There are now nearly 175 stake the "rights of all flesh."President

faith, and prayer of the church, form a high councils, of twelve members John Taylor put it very concretely:

quorum of the Presidency of the Church."each, forming "little republic"-like

There are two things I have always said (Ibid. 107:22.)

institutions midway between the I would do, and I mean to carry them

Verse 24 makes the Twelve equal out, living or dying. One is to vote for

I the other please to worship and whom"in authority and power"to the

I of please. as is a principle There God

First Presidency, and Verse 26 freedom planted in the human mind that makes the Seventy "equal in authorAUTUMN has always existed there, and no man nor ity"(the word power is omitted) to By Deon Nethercott Olson any power has yet been able to obliterate the Twelve. (The omission of the it

softly tiptoes the through Autumn presidents or apostles have And if we realistic. is somewhat "power"word *"* pines, verdant like, let that don't or us vote anybody we of aIf Seventy Council when and hair, in fingers the loving aspens'Twining out, free cultivate be men, them and and

the tresses Trailing through auburn its in the general place govtakes cherish principles the in our bosoms and fern feathered as the seemingly of Church,ernment let liberty. that careful us of But be we presence of symbols golden her And

indicated by this revelation, it would everywhere. (Concluded on page 582)

574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sp> the * ROM TEM RLE By RICHARD L. EVANS

isn't something you don't give up to sity heard by all—and those who

*>ubdtLtiite5 for rreedoin get. It is something that you cling to befoul the moral and intellectual

tenaciously if you have it and that atmosphere with offensive utterHPhroughout all the ages all manyou buy back at great cost if you ances are polluting the air as surely ner of substitutes for freedom lose it. This is the lesson from the as if they were to spread a physical

have been fostered. Ambitious or patriots of the past; this is the lesson poison. Sometimes young people,

misguided leaders and aggressive of all times past. And he who trades sometimes all of us, think it won't

and misdirected peoples, times withhis freedom for the promise of hurt us to be exposed to foul mental out number, have induced others plenty or for the supposed assurfare. We think we can listen or

with promises of plenty, or with ance of security has lost both. The look as we choose, withdraw our

fear, or with force, to yield their message of this day is this: There attention when we choose, and forfreedom. Peoples and individuals are no acceptable substitutes for get what we choose. But the imalike have often been known to exfreedom. pressions left upon our minds perchange freedom for the promise of—July 3, 1949. sist, and are often recalled under

plenty, freedom for the supposed circumstances beyond our control.

certainty of security—freedom for The defacement of a piece ofeverything conceivable—and they jrreedom, ftVOYYl endive property or a work of art is a punhave all made bad bargains, no matishable offense. But how much more

ter what they got or how long they Speech despicable is the deliberate marring kept it, for freedom once yielded is of the mind and memories of man!

costly to buy back. Ultimately, and As a society of men we have Of course, we cannot isolate oursometimes after much wandering learned, in part at least, to proselves from life. As long as we

in the wilderness, nations and peotect ourselves against many things. live with others, we shall see and

ples come to learn that neither a Those who commit theft or violence, hear things which are not to our supposed efficiency nor a readywe endeavor to isolate. Against liking and which are not of our

made way of life is an adequate hazards to public health or safety, choosing. But let no man who desubstitute for freedom, even though we invoke quarantines and provide liberately smears his own thoughts

it attempts to anticipate every need other appropriate protection and or the thoughts of others, take any and every want. Knowing the penalties. But there are some things comfort in the supposed assurance

weaknesses of men, knowing the against which we have not been so that he or anyone else can forget abuses of freedom, knowing all the effective in protecting ourselves what he wants to when he wants to.

alleged inefficiency of freedom we one of which is offensive speech. If There are many who would give

are still faced with the inevitable we were to spread poison where much to forget some of the things fact that no other formula leads to people were likely to be exposed or they have seen or heard. Surely

the same degree of happiness or injured, we would expect severe it would seem that our need to proprogress or plenty, as does the penalties. But there are many sittect ourselves from mental infection

uations in which people are thrown is at least as great as our need forformula of freedom—all other plans

and purposes to the contrary nottogether, publicly and privately, protection against physical hazards.

withstanding, whatever their source when the speech of one is of necesFreedom of speech is a glorious and whatever their intent. And right and privilege—but indecent

while security is exceedingly imporspeech is an abuse of freedom.

tant, freedom itself is its only guar-—July 10, 1949.

antee: freedom to work, to worship, Revised

and to shape our own lives. Freedom (Concluded on page 576)

H EARDwide FROMradioTHEnetwork"CROSSROADSthroughOF THEkslWEST*'and theWITHcolumbiaTHE SALT broadcastingLAKE TABERNACLEsystemChOIReveryAND sundayORGAN OVERat 11:30A NATION-a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

SEPTEMBER 1949 575 THE SPOKEN WORD {Concluded from page 575) but there is also a sagging; of his and perfectly, they invariably bring Work—and *J4iuman very soul. Beyond the gifts of happiness. In all other paths by

Nature, beyond the blessings of which... happiness is pursued

J4cappmess Providence, the world is only as there is disappointment.... For w rich as men make it. And as to the ambition and for passion there is

'T'here are many sentiments that things that men make, the world no rest, no fruition. The fairest

could be cited on the subject of will not suddenly become richer, pleasures of youth perish. But

work. Among them is this sentence except as we work. If a city is [work] worthily followed, gives

by a wit who was wary of work: "I beautiful, if a house is livable, if a peace. Ask the laborer in the field,

like work; it fascinates me. I can road is wide, if a garden is a goodly at the forge, or in the mine; ask

sit and look at it for hours."1 But place, it is because men have added the patient, delicatefingered artisan

there are some earnestly serious their intelligent labors to what God and none who are true workmen thoughts on this theme: And one is has given. Without work, no field will ever tell you that they found

that the Creator intended that all was ever plowed; no food was ever the law of Heaven an unkind one,

men should work their way through prepared. Without work, no music that in the sweat of their face they

life. Working isn't a matter merely was ever made; no book was ever should eat bread... nor that they

of personal want or of wealth. It written; no picture was ever painted. ever found it an unrewarded obeis a principle of human happiness, Without work, no child was ever dience....""Whatsoever thy hand

and a "must"for mankind. And taught; no place was ever pioneered; findeth to do, do it with thy might"2

whenever freedom from work beno civilization ever survived. It was—for without honest and willing

comes an ideal, not only are poverty John Ruskin who wrote: "Whenand worthwhile work men shrivel

and privation in the offing, but also ever the arts and labors of life are inside *—July 17, 1949.

... doing something happens inside—not only fulfilled in the spirit of Jerome K. Jerome

as to the mind and muscle of man, whatever we have to do honorably 2Ecclesiastes, 9:10

en direction, is to show them sound all concerned. No one has everOn own9 keeping them moving 'in the right without is a glorious satisfaction for

ways which they will pursue of their been able to force the world to 'T'he pattern of the past suggests own free will, without being bullied permanent and complete conformity that there are many ways of or threatened, or deceived. When by strongarm methods or by the

moving men, but only one way that asked how he governed, one leader sheer weight of authority or by may be depended upon to bring of a pioneering people replied: "I deception. There isn't enough policabout permanent improvement and teach them correct principles, and ing power in the world to regulate

dependability. You can push peothey govern themselves."To push all men in all things. And all men

ple around with a strong arm. You people around, to enslave them, to who have any measure of responsican overwhelm them with authorcoerce them, to regiment them, is bility for the character or conduct

ity. You can stampede them with a thankless and unending job, and of other men would do well to refear. You can confuse them with one that holds difficulty for all and member this brief and basic princifalsehood. You can wear them satisfaction for none. But to touch ple of procedure: Teach them

down with endless argument. But their hearts, to open their undercorrect principles, and let them

the only way of keeping men movstanding, to move them from withgovern themselves.

ing willingly and effectively and of in rather than to force them from Revised—July 24, 1949.

"leading"people: (1) ask them to lead anyone, we must be ahead of

Mow r jot to <=JLead [-eopte wait while you catch up with them, them in our thinking and not ask must r ike most stories that are old, this going,( 2 ) findandoutthenwhereget thein crowdfront ofis anticipatethem to waittheir foractionsus. andWeprovide

one has been told with many them. There may be many reasons for their activities—for no generavariations at successive seasons: It for this kind of "leadership."One tion of youth are going to wait for

is the story of the man who was is that it is often easier; another, their elders to catch up with them.

frantically following a crowd that that it is often more popular. It Either we are ahead of them or we

had moved far ahead of him. Pantwould seem to be easier and more are hopelessly behind. And the

ing and pleading in his effort to popular (to begin with, at least) to way not to lead people, of any age, overtake them, he cried: "Tell them give people what they think they is to run breathlessly behind, shoutto wait for me. I am their leader!"want whether it is good for them or ing, "Wait for me. I am your

There is another version of this not—to lead them whither they will. leader!"We must help them to

same idea that comes as questionTrying to lead the world, or any -want to go where they ought to go, able advice to those who would be part of it, to places they ought to and we must show them by our own leaders: "Find out where they are want to go but don't want to go lives that the principles we advocate

going, and then get in front of may be difficult to do. To lead a work in practice.

them."These two citations suggest child, to lead a boy, to lead a crowd—July 31, 1949.

two ways (not recommended) of (especially of young people), to Copyright, King Features.

576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA than cold variations of the objectionable "hot drinks."CXXXVlll.IL lAJkat Jf5 the Wleamvi 9 4

The third or positive part of the revelation is? of first importance, since obedience to it lessens tL WoJ of Wldom,

the appetite for injurious substances. It declares

(Read Doctrine and Covenants, Section 89) that meat should be eaten sparingly, "only in time of winter, or of cold or famine."This is of

The Word of Wisdom, a revelation given to special importance to our gluttonous meateating the Prophet Joseph Smith in 1833, is essentialcountries to which we belong. The protein in

ly a code for maintaining the body in good health. meat is easily assimilated by the body, but protein

It is extremely important, since the spirit of man may be obtained from other sources, meat prodexpresses itself best through a sound body. ucts, and the vegetable kingdom.

Whoever obeys the Word of Wisdom must This part of the revelation further teaches, in overcome many appetites developed by our faulty addition to the sparing use of meat, that all mode of living. That gives the Word of Wisdom wholesome vegetables, (herbs) fruits, and all

a high spiritual meaning. Only those who are grains, notably wheat, should be eaten for good

masters of their appetites can rise high in the health. That is, out of the soil may be drawn

kingdom of the Lord. all the elements needed in maintaining the body

The first of the four distinct parts of the revelain good health.

tion, a warning against "evils and designs"of The fourth and concluding part of the revela- "conspiring men,"which may interfere with full tion, enumerates the glorious blessings, physical human health, is prophetic. Throughout the ages and spiritual, that come to those who observe this

the lust for gold has tempted men to place adulterlaw of health.

While market. the upon foods dangerous or ated to the of according In summary: WisWord people the protect laws now drug and food pure alert the the should against Saints be dom, on designs,""evils and these past, in the than more in includes refining foods. the of fraud This conadvertising, misleading excessive and through foods, always necessary which removes forms. The natural deceptive in and to new appear tinue Saints elements. the refrain food Then, should

is present, ever activities in of fraud human danger alcohol, tobacco, using or confrom beverages past. in the than so now more perhaps taining substances. Saints nervewhipping The revelation, the of part negative or second The direct the products meat sparingly, should and health to inimical human things with deals which fruits, grains. of and the soil—vegetables,use feebly obthough understood, well is generally

Such is the Word of Wisdom as given for the served by people at large.

Alcohol and tobacco, used to secure an unbenefit of the whole Church. It is largely general,

natural sense of satisfaction, are known to be not specific. It leaves room for the explanations

It is repoisonous to the body. "Hot drinks,"defined by that the science of nutrition may give.

the Prophet and his brother Hyrum, to be tea and markable that modern nutritional science, in its coffee, the common beverages of that day, are patient research, has confirmed every statement it. We now known to contain injuriously stimulating subof the Word of Wisdom. The Lord gave

stances. This was not known nor understood at can rely on it.

the time the revelation was given, therefore gives Moreover, even the partial observance of the this part of the revelation distinct prophetic value. Lord's law of health, has worked astonishing

President Brigham Young declared that these health changes among the people. Deaths from the

beverages are desired by people because of the diseases that ravage mankind are only about half "narcotic"substances they contain. George Q. as many among Latterday Saints as among other

Cannon and others have pointed out that increascomparable groups of people. The Lord has kept

ing scientific research has corroborated this definihis word.

tion of "hot drinks"including tea, coffee, chocolate, In the observance of the Word of Wisdom cauand all other beverages under various names of tion should be used. Personal opinions often

worldwide uses, which contain "drugs against color our practices. We have the right of free

men."agency, but nevertheless we should not try to

In our own land particularly, and in full stretch the Word of Wisdom to conform with harmony with the warning of the Word of Wisour own opinions.

dom, these stimulating drugs, often made artificialFor example: The Word of Wisdom is not a

ly, are sold in solutions, chief of which are the system of vegetarianism. Clearly, meat is percola drinks. These are, of course, nothing else (Continued on page 583)

SEPTEMBER 1949 577 You CAN Help Your Child

By Katherine Dissinger fault of personality or attitude.

Children bring to school with them the habits and attitudes they learn at home.

Richie's trouble lies in his lack of responsibility. He has no sense lock of responsibility, no selfreliance.

He had no chores about the house or yard for which he was held relocks in L-OCKERAP WESTERN rabbit he a pet sponsible. had He

juices color natural flavorful and care for, to feed and supposed of was fish, fowl frozen meats, and game. Guard

your choice cuts against tasterobbing but he very often forgot it, so loss with the waxed moisture paper Mother did it about half the time.

for expressly this purpose designed wrap...in home freezers or rented lockers. Richie wasn't required to do any-

-perfect For plus -stored meats, freezer protectionWESTERNfor your Iittlefrom Richardschool withcamea homepoor reporttoday thingdo—suchhe didn'tas goingparticularlyto bed onwanttimeto

20"/ prohas added more school LOCKERAP straight from home coming he or U's, which means assurtective coating. This card—all added means his feet. off cleaning or the mud If this unsatisfactorily. will retain fresh that is doing meats your ance

natural juices and color...WESTERN keeps up, Richard isn't going to Richie has never had a chance to

seals more now LOCKERAP securely pass. Richard's mother is very learn responsibility and selfreliance against flavorstealing than ever before

subzero air. You save as it seals. much concerned, as she should be. at home. Nothing is required of him

WESTERN LOCKERAP is now available at Richard is not dumb; she knows at home; consequently, he does

your grocer's or locker plant in buff and the that. Then what is the matter? nothing that is required of him at

new pearlywhite full bleached roll. Occasionally the wrong kind of school. When the assignments get

home help may result in real a little tough, he doesn't try to work harm. There was Betty Sue who through them by himself. He

was a word reader, that is, her dawdles over them in the hope that eyes moved slowly from word to Miss Smith will come and help him.

word instead of scanning the (Sometimes Miss Smith doesn't get phrases quickly as a good reader around—she has thirtyfive other

does. Betty Sue needed help of children in the room.)

a special kind, with emphasis on Richie has never experienced the getting the meaning from the satisfaction that comes with a hard printed page. But Betty Sue's job well done. He lets the arithmemother deepened the difficulty by tic go, just as he does the rabbit

FREE colorful guide to help pointing at each word and saying feeding. Poor Richie can't figure

you prepare, protect and it over and over until Betty Sue anything out for himself. He's quite

preserve quickfrozen your his at without mother school it. Betty lost Consequently, learned

for foods. it at your Ask tell help him to wait and on him and off long words accurSue can call grocer's or locker plant.

ately, but she hasn't the slightest him what to do. And yet Richie is

idea of what she's reading. just as bright as Terry, who heads

Understanding the teacher's reathe class. Richie lacks what Terry sons, Richie's mother does not conhas to a marked degree—a sense of

demn the school or the teachers to responsibility, selfreliance.

her friends, to Richie's father, to

Richie himself. She does not scold "Tow, what can Richie's parents do

Richie or bribe him or threaten to help him? "Stop waiting on

punishment the next time he brings him,"Miss Smith says. "Teach him

home a poor report card. Instead, to do things for himself, to wait on

she attempts to find out why Richhimself."

ard is not doing well in school. "Give him work for which he is

WESTERN WAXED PAPER CD. There is always a reason. And the responsible."

PORTLAND # SAN LEANDRO chances are, it is not lack of intelliAnd how did this work with

LOS ANGELES gence on Richie's part, but some Richie? In a family conference with

578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Richie it was decided that he would be given an allowance, that he would tidy his own room every morning and do certain tasks after school. His mother made a determined effort to break her habit of

waiting on him. She let him find

his own cap and get his own drink.

She stopped reminding him about everything. (Once Richie forgot

his lunch money and had to go without lunch.) She let him go to

school dirty and he was sent to the clinic to wash under the nurse's supervision. (Richie didn't like

that. ) When he forgot to feed his

rabbit, Mother explained that unless he was big enough to care for a pet, it would have to be sent to \augh/ an uncle in the country. Because he

didn't come home from school in time to do his chores he had no money to go to the Saturday afternoon matinee with his pals.

Before long this home training was showing in Richie's school work. Richie is much happier at

school. He's enjoying his newfound independence, his feeling of

helping. biv to **'Miss Smith wishes all parents

were as cooperative as Richie's mother. There is Johnny, for instance, another school failure, who A lot of women who use FelsNaptha Soap would think

never pays the slightest attention to we were kidding, if they saw this announcement.

anything that is said. He never And they would laugh right in our faces.knows what the assignment is—he

gets nothing from class discussion They use FelsNaptha because it already contains listen. doesn't hebecause a wonderful in addition to good golden soap. ingredient—

is "talker"a mother Johnny's proven ingredient, A known for years for its active, all tells to kinds ofshe do Johnny... NAPTHA.things, but she doesn't see that he dirtremoving ability

does it. All day long she talks and So... we don't make any laughable announcementsfusses at him. In defense Johnny

has acquired the habit of inattenabout adding 'miracle'ingredients to FelsNaptha Soap.

tion, which accounts for his school We're content to make a laundry soap so good failure. Occasionally, when Johnny that women just sm/7e—with pleasure—when they see

doesn't mind, his mother spanks the results it gives them on washday.

him, but the rest of the time she just scolds. Consequently, Johnny If you want better washday results—better in

doesn't know what to expect. every way—we suggest you try

Miss Smith would like to tell his the mild, safe soap with no 'miracle'mother: "Give as few directions as ingredient—FelsNAPTHA Soap.possible. When you do, see that

you have his attention, then drop everything and see that Johnny does what he's told. Before long he'll

get the habit of listening to and following any necessary directions."MADEBYFELSIN PHI&C<XLA.

Of course, some children fail in school because they are not healthy. FOR EXTRA CLEANING ACTION USE

They have bad tonsils, adenoids, teeth in need of attention. Every FelsNaptha Soapeffort should be made to correct

(Concluded on page 580) MILD, GO"SOAP AND ACTIVE NAPTHA

SEPTEMBER 1949 579.:: )

You Can Help Your Child StarKist TunaMacaroni Salad (Concluded from page 579)

A warm weather wifesaver. these defects before the child starts

to school. Sometimes the defect is

eye difficulty Serves 6 for 784 less noticeable—an

that goes undetected might indicate of the cool it in the Make diet child's and poor nutrition. A

... it in the serve morning effect a marked eating habits have heat of the day! Wonderful

for picnics, luncheons, bufon his school progress, as shown fets! Delicious, refreshing by the study with a group of so-

—naturally when you make called "dull"children, whose school

it with StarKist Tunawork improved almost miraculously because only the smaller, when they were given quantities of naturally betterflavored Vitamin B, always on the advice of tuna go into the StarKist a physican, of course.

pack.

J TunaMacaroni Salad \ Some children fail because they are not happy. These are the

in boiling 1 Cook until tender salted water: problem children, the potential demacaroni 1 cup

1 Rinse in cold water; drain thoroughly. linquents, the children whose home

3 Flake 1 can StarKist Tuna (Fancy Solid Pack or StarKisfc life is warping them. Failures come

for garchunks a few reserving Style) laughlove and Chunk a where from home mmimmm with macaroni and tuna combine nish. Then these times is lacking. ter Many

sliced celery 1 cup sis-;. mm3&Tuna malignorant and are parents pickles sliced sweet cup % Guaranteed

2 tbsp. chopped pimiento Buy Solid Pack od Housekeeping adjusted, but there was Jimmy

4 Blend thoroughly and pour over above mixture or Chunk Style, whose parents were intelligent and

Quality is the Same! J-2 StarKist tbsp. vinegar 2 mayonnaise cup understand not could refined, who tsp. salt H. onion tsp. grated 2 RECIPE BOOK dull. In FREE TUNA seemed their Jimmy 1 tsp. mustard prepared Easy why Planning Menu Makes took lightly place in bowl mother all and ingredients Jimmy's desperation 5 Blend Tuna, StarKist Write with garnish If desired, greens. salad lined with psychiatrist. Calif., to Island, a him Terminal rings. in pimiento of peas nests 9-E. Dept.

"Do you love your child?"the

doctor asked her bluntly.

"Of course!"Jimmy's mother

was somewhat abashed.

tell him so?"he perIfetato Salad sisted."Do you ever

mother had to admit she needs the Jimmy's didn't. She came from an undemonstrative family—it was hard vExtra flavor

for her to express affection. Naturally, she supposed Jimmy knew.

The human heart yearns for love and approval—under it Jimmy

blossomed. Jimmy isn't a failure

anymore.

No child need be a failure. Of

When instructions for the course, some children learn faster preparation of condensed than others, but the schools of today canned soups call for take cognizance of that fact. Indimilk, vidual abilities and limitations are undiluted Morning Milk cream or—water,just asuseit

comes from the can. Then taste the diftaken into consideration. Whether

ference! Doublerich Morning Milk a child is exceptionally bright or

adds extra smoothness, extra richness merely "average,"his parents can to cream soups that everyone loves! help him realize his fullest possifamous cooks—a tip from Take bilities. haphim Keep healthy and

in all Milk smoothrich Morning NALLEYS; use

selfreliance. him Give py. Teach LT'S GOOD. cream. or calling milk for recipes

him a sense of responsibility. Teach

it's the him habits of neatness and order and the ability to follow directions.

MORNING MILK Befection,lavishyourwithlaughter.your praise,... yourAnd theai

Salad Dressing school will go on from there.

580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA COOK'S CORNER

Josephine B. Nichols

Lunches For The School Child 7V good lunch is just as important as Energy breakfast or dinner for good nuWore food trition of the school child.

Lunches served at home or at school or carried in a lunch box should provide about onethird of the day's food needs.

A good lunch should contain the Many mothers make Royal following foods. Table Queen Bread an important

1. A main dish or substantial sandfood for their children. It supplies

wiches vitamins, iron and proteins 2. Beverage or soup which all children need in

3. Raw salad or vegetable abundance. In every slice of

4. Fruit or simple dessert Royal Bread you get the good

substantial food value thdt Recipes for the School Child's Lunch everyone needs every day.

Royal Baking Company Liverburgers on Toasted Buns with VegeSalt Lake & Ogden tables

Liverburgers

Yi lb. ground liver

Yi lb. ground beef

1 teaspoon salt Y&1 tablespoonteaspoon pepperchile sauce 2 tablespoons grated onion 4 tablespoons flour 2 tablespoons fat Combine liver, beef, and seasonings. Add

flour, mix thoroughly. On wax paper make

into patties 2 inch thick. Fry in hot fat

in heavy frying pan until brown. Serve on

toasted hamburger bun. Pour hot canned

vegetable soup over top. Serve.

Tuna or Chicken Filled Bun

Split a frankfurter roll, hollow out center. Butter and fill with Tuna or Chicken

filling. Close and wrap in wax paper.

Tuna Filling

1 cup grated tuna or diced chicken

Yi cup diced celery Y1 hardteaspooncookedsalt egg diced 1 sweet pickle chopped mayonnaise

Combine tuna, celery, salt, egg, and pickles. Moisten with mayonnaise.

Honey Orange Nut Bread

1 cup honey PROFITABLE DAYS 1 egg 232 cups sifted enriched hour AHEAD FOR 2 teaspoons baking powder THE OCTOBER ERA salt teaspoon Yi is enlarged and enhanced shortening 2 tablespoons

1 \/-, grated orange rind QUISH tablespoons 34 teaspoon soda GRADUATES

Capitalize on juice QUISH cup orange % You'll now! be a WITH COLOR chopped cup 24 nut meats competenttraining beautician when

graduated. QUISH provides with technical you shortening together and honey Cream

and knowledge gained Have you renewed your rind. fluffy; Sift ENROLLuntil orange egg add and

in 25 SEND FOR alternately with ingredientsdry and add subscription? NOW FREEskill years.CATALOG TODAY!

juice. intoorange chopped nuts. Pour Add

greased loaf pan lined with waxed paper. SCHOOL OF

in 325 F. 70 minutes. moderate ovenBake BERUTV331 SOUTHCULTUREMAIN 12 issues $2.50 2 cutting. days before one MakesAgeloaf (8x4 inches). 43E

SEPTEMBER 1949 581 The Church and Modern Society {Concluded [com page 574) do not grieve the Spirit of the Lord, and while we are looking at these things let us look at our own eternal interests, and lean upon God for wisdom and instruction. (The Gospel Kingdom, p. 323.)

In modern society, the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints stands for free inquiry, freedom of conscience, and the doctrine of the inalienable rights of man. That

governments and other institutions may interfere with them may be true, from time to time. But there

can be no wavering of faith in the principles of individual liberty although perfect practice may be absent. Our concept of God, our

religion, warrants no other position in principle, albeit "we believe in being subject to kings, presidents, rulers, magistrates, in obeying, honoring, and sustaining the law,"in "rendering unto Caesar

BEST BREAD IDEA OF THE MONTH-"*!-. Bread tea the things that are Caesar's."But

they're so easy to make. Use we hope that Caesar's ways may insnacks have that "catering"look—yet

cookie cutters to cut fancy shapes from slices of delicious Fisher's creasingly recognize God's ways,

Bread. Toast one side only, then brush other side with melted butter. the ways of freedom. To that end, Spread cheeses, with spreads, with meat marmalades and garnish the Church must serve as an exolives, chopped pimentos, cherries. parsley deExtra or maraschino

It licious when you use Fisher's Bread—truly bread at its best! bearsample aofheavythe waysburdenof freedom.of responsibility in modern society.

"Twenty Magnificent Years Delicious (Bakes!

on the Air"Just add {Concluded from page 549)

The specially encased record is water, mix one recently recorded by the Choir, part of an album to be released in and bake! late October.

After the 1,039th program went off the air, the Choir sang a "miniaDEVIL'S FUDGE ture concert"of three number for

Dr. Stanton, the assembled guests,

and visiting tourists, who had almost filled the lower floor of the

Tabernacle. The selections were

"Let the Mountains Shout For Joy,"by Evan Stephens; Liszt's "Les

Preludes"; and "Come, Come Ye

Saints,"as arranged by Spencer

Cornwall, the conductor of the

Choir.

Brief talks were made by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., who is

president of KSL, Ivor Sharp, vice president, Lester F. Hewlett, president of the Tabernacle Choir,

Dr. Stanton, and Mayor Earl

J. Glade, who, as manager of

KSL was instrumental in getting the AT YOUR GROCER'S Tabernacle Choir and Organ on the 582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA National Broadcasting Company, then affiliated with KSL, on July 1 5, 1929. It was broadcast on various

until afternoonsweekday KSL and over KIDS FIGHT it joined the Broadcasting Columbia this sandwiches made with

System in September 1932. Since new, finer and exclusive

that time it has been a Sabbath morning feature at its point of origination, although it is released at selected times by transcription by many C. B. S. stations.

So, get an extra supply and give

Evidences and Reconciliations 'em all they want for school lunch or afterschool snack.

{Concluded from page 577) Rich in protein, containing mitted. Naturally, that includes aniVitamin "D"mineral and other

mal products, less subject than meat to putrefactive and other disturbvaluable food elements, this ances, such as eggs, milk, and quality tuna is what youngsters, cheese. These products can not be need for growth and health. J/&

excluded simply because they are not mentioned specifically. By that

token most of our foodstuffs could not be eaten.

That man can live without meat is well packed live Always dVi well known, and he may

Contents oz. to Net

if his as to is such knowledge enable him to choose adequate vegetable Look for "Net Conprotein. And, all have the right if tents"time youon buylabelGratedevery

they so choose to live without meat. tuna.

The phrase in "in the season Trademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island, Calif.

thereof,"referring to fruits and vegetables, has raised much speculation. It indicates simply the superior value of fresh foods as

demonstrated by modern science, but does not necessarily prohibit Surface Protection from the use of fruits or vegetables out Fire, Wafer and Weather,,, of season if preserved by proper methods. Latterday Saints in possession of L&S PORTLAND

this glorious code of health shouldcarefully avoid confusing it with CEMENT PAINT!

the numerous food fads floating over the country.

Usually, every person should discover early in life what foods serve him best. There are occasional

constitutional differences which control our eating habits. If the things

Here's sure, LASTING protection for prohibited are wholly eliminated, stucco, concrete, brick, masonry, galthe discovery of the best foods for vanized steel. Unique L & S dries to

us, is made more easily. Our ap- a hard, cementlike film... keeps

petites which often are formed by out dampness... resists wear and

youthful habits also make it more weathering for YEARS!

difficult to gauge the kind of foods that serve us best. Keeping the

Word of Wisdom should begin early. Latterday. Saints should give GENERAL PAINTS

careful heed to the Word of WisSALT LAKE CITY of underdom—all it—properly

stood; then they the Factories in San Francisco, Los Angeles, Portland, Seattle, Spokane, and may claim

great blessings promised by the Tulsa. Branches in principal cities throughout the West and Southwest.

Lord.—/. A. W.

SEPTEMBER 1949 583

General Secretary Moves

to Northwest "Trederick W. Babbel, who has

served as secretary of the general priesthood committee of the Church since May 1, 1947, has been released from his duties to enter the business YOUR QUORUM IS NEWS field in the Pacific northwest.

From 1936 to 1939 Elder Babbel August 1, 1949 filled a mission in Germany, Switzerland, and Austria. During the war To: All Stake Presidents

he spent four years in the military Attention: Chairmen Stake Melchizedek Priesthood Committees

intelligence division of the United

States Army. Then he returned to Subject: Publicizing Your Priesthood Activities

Europe as secretary to Elder Ezra Dear Brethren:

Taft Benson of the Council of the We feel that it will be beneficial to the Melchizedek Priesthood

Twelve, who reopened the European and Stake Missionary work if news items concerning them are pubmissions and distributed much needed lished regularly. Accordingly the General Priesthood Committee

Church welfare supplies. has arranged with the editor of the "Church News"section of The

An able speaker, Elder Babbel has Deseret News to publicize appropriate priesthood and stake missionary addressed some four hundred auwork.

diences since his second return from If you would be so good as to encourage the collection and subEurope as a missionary. For the past mission of such material from your stake it would be greatly

year he has been a member of the appreciated and should be encouraging to your people. To help you

Sugarhouse Stake high council. and your associates in this important work the editor of the "Church

He and his family are now members News"has prepared the following comments, suggestions, and items of the Oregon City Branch, Northof instruction:

western States Mission.

Are you getting a full measure of publicity for your priesthood and stake missionary activities?

Have you pioneered in projects which would chart the course for other quorums and stake missions?

stake in have made your who you have individuals Do Softball Finals or service field of Church in some achievements unusual

HThe AllChurch softball tournament activity whom it would be fitting to honor?

will be held in Salt Lake City, Each week The Deseret News "Church Section"carries a

September 15, 16 and 17. Melchizedek Priesthood page. On it are published items of

unusual interest that occur in the quorums and stake missions of the Church together with official instructions and counsel from the general priesthood committee.

Your cooperation in supplying appropriate news items is

Monthly Quorum Business solicited.

Please seek to have the items you submit conform to the

Meetings following standards:

ITEMS MUST BE NEWS WORTHY. Seek out the

Tn some stakes the approved prounusual, the different, the "manbites-dog"type of thing.

interest for reader will be competing story your Remember the for monthly conducting cedure a have new Unless you import. of tremendous items

is being with not meeting businessquorum the past story, willread old few to slant an thing or a new all Priestfollowed Melchizedek by plants elders'It is quorum an not when news lead paragraph.

hood quorums. beets for a welfare project; but it is news when they raise beets

There are also some few instances to acquire funds to buy shingles for a widow's home. Study

in which the green insert sheet for the the "Church News"each week to gain an idea as to what type

Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook, of material is suitable.

which outlines this procedure, has not FEATURE ITEMS OF HUMAN INTEREST. Few

been distributed to quorum officers. things make better news than those that tug at the heartIt would be appreciated if chairstrings, or reveal the humanness and achievements of indimen of stake Melchizedek Priesthood viduals. If you have individuals who have done unusual

effecpriesthood of phase work things, some have made who sure be and checkcommittees would picstory a with in fellows, their the send of lives the tive in been insert sheets havethat these news. person. always make the ture Names

officers and todistributed priesthood the more, The NEEDED. PICTURES ARE GOODof inserted them involvedothers by and 8"10"size, in and preferably x good, they better. be must But

in their copies of the handbook. properly identified. A picture of people eating at a banquet is

If additional copies are needed they "dead"; so also is one of quorum presidents lined up in a

may be obtained by writing the Genformal pose. Submit pictures that show activity, informality.

eral Priesthood Committee at 47 East Use ingenuity in choosing subjects for your art. Two or three

South Temple Street, Salt Lake City 1 or four people in a picture is nearly always preferable to showUtah. ing a larger group. A welfare truck carrying hay on a welQuorum activity has been uniformly fare project is just a truck, but two men sweating under the

enhanced where the recommended prohay-pitching job is a priesthood activity picture.

cedure for conducting the monthly (Continued on page 602) meeting has been followed.

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA theaters, have a negative, if not a positively bad, moral influence judged by the teachings and standards of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints.pmetho o d In the days gone by this could be

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE truly said of many of those seen on

TWELVE—HAROLD B. LEE, CHAIRMAN; EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARK E. PETERSEN, the screens in the wardowned recreaHENRY D. MOYLE, MARION G. ROMNEY, THOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, tion halls. To correct this situation,

ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. WINS, RICHARD L. EVANS, OSCAR A. a Church screening or censor commitKIRKHAM, S. DILWORTH YOUNG, MILTON R. HUNTER, BRUCE R. MC CONKIE tee has been set up to preview all

the films offered by the Deseret Book

Servicemen's Welfare Company. And those films now on NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO its list of offerings have been ap-

A nother call was issued this month COLUMN proved by this committee. This is

to stake presidents and priestConducted by one reason why all Church groups, hood quorum officers to help roll Dr. Joseph F. Merrill using commercial films, should write

forward the Church servicemen's proto the Deseret Book Company for adgram. vice relative to what are proper films

In a letter to all stake presidents Temperance Films to show. Approved films may often

from the general L.D.S. servicemen's be obtained from others than the book

committee, stake and ward officers Tt will be good news to many company, which information the comwere asked to renew their diligence in workers in the Church NoLiquor- pany will obligingly give.

looking out for the spiritual welfare Tobacco campaign to learn that from Further, there are several good comof their servicemen. the Deseret Book Company, Salt Lake mercial temperance films, ten to twenty

The letter said, City, may now be obtained enjoyable minutes long, now on the market. The

films that will be millimeter sixteen will also adDeseret Book Company recall that that requested we You will this campaign. wards in helpful Many these. relative to such vise is new One officers priesthood of bishops wards and with are equipped in the Church direction the under prepared and was in priesthood having cooperate quorums for projectors showing movie modern of Carlson A. Emeritus Professor of J. in brother the from each quorum supply

halls. their recreation films in And a worldof Chicago, University the free the service of military copies with Era

and the "Church Section"of The Deseret many of the films obtainable from the renowned physiologist. This is a

News together with other literature and book company have short interesting factual film, very well suited for in filling out identification cards for each strip statements inserted in one or schools.

serviceman from a given ward or qourum."more places. Further, these are safety

films, noninflammable. All who see

Purpose of these identification cards these pictures will be reminded that it What the Figues Show than or drink to as twofold: is not smoke smarter was recent of practise the "Pollowing "It's help chaplains Smarter L.D.S. the way, and otherwise. (By 1—Tolisted the in publish again years, we title is of to a leaders Saint the find Latterday new group Not To Drink"

men at the various military and naval booklet by Dr. Robert V. Seliger, September issue of The Improvedata, obtained the following Era ment installations, to thus Hopkins be enabled and of John noted psychiatrist

of sales state tax commission from the activity; in School encourage them Church from University, and obtainable

fiscal years indithe 30, respectively. 1 to June and2—To give the general committee andbus, CollegeOhio.) Service, Station B. Columcated—Julyin Utah during

accurate information so that the serWithout question the movie has Paid for 1948 1949 vicemen's edition of the Book of Morcome to be generally regarded as a Cigarets $ 8,241,414 $ 8,472,953 mon and the little book, Principles of popular means of teaching and enterBeer...... 13,400,184 12,239,616

the Gospel, as well as other items, tainment. Unfortunately, however, Hard liquors 12,949,369 12,819,282

might be mailed to the servicemen as many of the films, perhaps the majorTotals $34,590,967 $33,531,851 gifts of the First Presidency. ity of these shown in commercial

Estimated Consumption The results of this activity have been per capita quite disappointing. In the first place, we dresses. We have reason to believe that Cigarets 72.45 pkgs. 71.5 pkgs.

did not get identification cards on nearly still additional books never reach the boys Beer 12.88 gals. 11.30 gals

all of our boys, And therefore the proand are never returned to us for the same gram failed with respect to the boys not reason. Estimated Cost

listed. It is likewise reported that comparatively per capita

In the second place, a great many of few quorums have supplied their quorum Cigarets $12.68 $12.51

the cards carry incorrect information inmembers in the service with the literature Beer 20.62 18.08

cluding wrong addresses. Our chaplains, as instructed in our previous letter of Hard Liquors 19.92 18.9'

and other Church officers who are located October 1948. Totals --- $53.22 $49.52

near the military bases, are sent on many a "wild goose chase"because of these Final plea in the letter, which went The above figures do not include wrong addresses and information, and much out over the signatures of Elders Harsales by the United States Government valuable time and money is wasted in this old B. Lee and Mark E. Petersen of the Agencies.

way. Council of the Twelve, Elder Bruce Population as estimated by the

In the third place, considerable loss is involved when mailing these expensive books R. McConkie of the First CounBureau of Vital Statistics was 650,000

and other literature, to the boys, when the cil of the Seventy, and Elder Hugh on December 31, 1947 and 677,200 addresses are incorrect, and the material B. Brown of the Brigham Young on December 31, 1948.

sent never reaches them. About twenty perUniversity, was: "May we once again The figures quoted show a favorcent of all the book sets we send out are appeal to you to see that more care able trend—the total amount paid for

returned to us because of incorrect adis given to the servicemen's program?"(Continued on page 597)

SEPTEMBER 1949 585 u

Challenging Records

Aaronic Priesthood

EUGENE (TED) SUBSTITUTIONS ALLOWED IN ONE HUNDRED PERCENT RECORDS

MIDGLEY Uach Aaronic Priesthood member provided such meeting was held in his having a perfect attendance record ward on that day.

at priesthood meeting and at sacrament (2) A boy attending two sessions of meeting throughout the year will have (a) stake quarterly conference; (b) general in Salt conference City; (c) Lake special seal af- a one hundred percent

M.I.A. in Salt conference June Lake

fixed to his Individual Certificate of City, the Sabbath day, on credit take may "P gene (Ted) Midgley, Imperial Award for that year, assuming that for attendance at priesthood meeting and *-* Ward, Highland (Salt Lake City) all other requirements are met as at sacrament meeting in his ward of resiStake, except for one sacrament meetspecified. (See Aaronic Priesthood dence provided a priesthood meeting and

ing and one Sunday spent in the hosHandbook, p. 47.) a sacrament meeting were held in his ward

pital has a one hundred percent aton that day. Where only one of these two

meetings (priesthood meeting and sacratendance record at priesthood meeting, We have had so many requests for meeting) his in ment held was ward on exceptions, allowances, substituor meeting, School, andsacrament Sunday that particular credit Sunday, take he may set forth here the only tions, that we past six for the and one-Y.M.M.I.A. for attending that meeting one only. modifications authorized of rethe half years. the priesthood weekly meetward Where for the quirements one percent hundred

is ing held the during week, and where seal.: attendance;;:;:,M travel return the of from three any con-

(1) A boy attending one session of (a) ferences specified above, precludes a boy's stake quarterly conference; (b) general attendance at the first weeknight priestconference in Salt Lake City; (c) M.I.A. hood meeting following the conference, he

June conference in Salt Lake City, on the may take credit for attendance at such

Sabbath day, may take credit for attendpriesthood meeting provided he attended

GARY ance at either a priesthood meeting or a the conference on the Sabbath day as outMORTENSEN sacrament meeting in his ward of residence lined above.

L.D.S. Girls Aaronic Priesthood

Promotion of Social Or Participation in Ward Teaching

Gary Mortensen, Brigham City Fifth Recreational Activities "t-Jowwhetherlong sinceyour youteacherscheckedand prieststo see

Ward, South Box Elder (Utah) Stake, Tt is desirable that stake and ward are doing ward teaching as required for was ordained a deacon April 8, 1945, leaders for Latterday Saint girls the Individual Certificate of Award?

meeting missed a never has quorumand consider the are finding that following a few Aaronic question and Not ordination, hissince served Gary as the Priesthood answer are not doing which members appears below.

president of the deacons'quorum and Question: Is there any opportunity ward teaching on the scale necessary

is now secretary of the teachers'whatever for stake and ward committo meet the award requirements.

quorum. tees for Latterday Saint girls to pro- A recent survey discloses three mamote socials? jor reasons for failure in this activity:

Aaronic Priesthood Quorums Answer: No. "If ward workers One: Bishoprics are not appointing

recognize a need for additional opporteachers and priests to act as ward tunities or activities for the young teachers as recommended.

Accepting New Members women of the ward, they should feel Two: Some ward teachers are infree to discuss such needs with the different to the responsibilities of their

"XT/hen a deacon, a teacher, or a bishopric, who will, in turn, take the calling.

priest, who is under the age of matter up with the advisory commitThree: Senior companions from the

twentyone, moves into the ward and tee, composed of the auxiliary heads Melchizedek Priesthood are too often is received into the ward by the vote of the ward, and work out a satisdoing ward teaching alone, failing to of the Saints in the fast meeting, his factory solution. If such needs are take their Aaronic Priesthood comname should immediately be placed brought to the attention of the stake panions with them.

on his quorum roll regardless of his committee, the adviser members of Unless some action is taken in the activity status or his age while under the stake presidency and high council wards not fully organized in this actwenty-one years of age. will meet the stake auxiliary executives, tivity, and not properly checking on

All deacons twelve to twentyone, who make up the advisory committee the filling of this assignment, it is all teachers fifteen to twentyone, and and work out a solution which will feared many of our young men will not all priests seventeen to twentyone, on meet such needs. There should be no only fail to earn the Individual Certifiward records, should be enrolled in variation from this procedure in any cate of Award, but, still more importheir respective quorums and taken insuch instances."(See, Introduction to tant, will also go without the many

to full account in the computation of Handbook For Leaders of Latterday blessings growing out of the faithful all quorum records. Saint Girls.) discharge of this responsibility.

586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cdlted bu <JLee M. f-aumerIHahojhn&'fl

Ward Teaching Strengthening Personal Relationships With Father

Fundamentals in Teaching relationship with my father."

The ward teacher has been given the I do not feel that my personal reresponsibility to see, "that all the lationship with my father needs members do their duty."This implies strengthening. I think we are already

that the teacher shall have the welfare as close together as a father and his of every person in his charge at heart JACK son could be. Maybe the fact that

live farm on a has had something we and that he should particularly be deSARGENT to that closeness. do with to the voted inactive member he We have whom

must motivate with a desire to renew the same interests, we work together his interest in the Church. every night and morning and have done

Fundamental to success will be the as long as I can remember. We share

teacher's analysis of each person. The the work and responsibilities of feedphysician does not prescribe treatment ing and taking care of our livestock

for the patient until he has made and when they are sold we share the proper diagnosis. Likewise, the teacher Jack Sargent, a teacher in the Cedar receipts that come in. In fact the

is not in a position to render the City Fourth Ward, Cedar (Utah) responsibilities of caring for our aniguidance needed without first gaining Stake, delivered the following outmals has given my father and me many a knowledge of the circumstances that standing address before a recent quaropportunities to be together. We go

have caused the individual to become terly conference in his home stake. to the mountains together when we

remiss. Jack is the son of President and Sistake them on the summer range. We

Man's advancement is affected by ter David L. Sargent. His father is have enjoyed each other's company

heredity, environment, and personal the president of the Cedar Stake. and have talked with one another and

close developed a comradeship choice. Nevertheless, there are many is topic assigned "What have to me irpHE

us. between factors other contribute the which to personal strengthen I can do to my trips to taken have the sheep attitude possess. he imWe be may To

poverished, lose one's health, become sales in different cities in the state, offended, or disappointed, are only a Aaronic Priesthood Choruses just the two of us, to keep each other few of the causes for discouragement, company. It has helped me to know

A knowledge of the weaknesses of lessons Through Song my father better and to appreciate him others does not give license to judge. and what he stands for more and more.

life's most treasured I'm glad my dad is interested in my Unless there is a willingness to be KTany of tolerant, patient, and forgiving, confilessons are taught through school activities and I know he is bedence is not inspired. The pages of song. Have you ever prayed because when I ask him a question he

history are replete with accounts of cause you sang "Ere you left doesn't say "Wait a minute"or "I religious intolerance. Patience is a your room this morning, did you am too busy right now."If it is at

virtue to be sought after. Miracles are think to pray?"Have you ever all possible, he stops what he is doing

not wrought by changing overnight spoken a kind word, or refrained and tells me what I want to know.

habits that have been formed over the from speaking harshly because I like to play basketball and I the song "Kind remembered you if the that couldn't thought my dad spirit a lifetime. period of A forgiving

of Tones Are Sweet Words imdone to be at home the work was more his the antagonistic disarms and wins school staying at portant than and is of the fundaHeart?"one admiration—it

that Consider well the influences of practising. basketHe understands Christianity. principles of mental

The teacher should ever be mindsinging upon the lives of boys ball is important to me.

that there resolve forthwith and others. obligation his to ful of can in position the of dad's He Because my

will an Aaronic be his willingness to best demonstrate as spend not Church, do much we in your chorus your ward—inPriesthood sharing blessings the of the serve if by he together were time would

stake. those are suffering with gospel the who busy. not so not have do asWewe

from spiritual malnutrition. time to go on many pleasure trips,

fishing or hunting, or for staying home together in the evening because he is usually busy at some meeting or other or at getting out some report. But I

VISTA LINDA WARD do not look at this situation as entirely STAKE SAN DIEGO

Bishop. Paul R. Chees- a disadvantage, for if he were not acman brought smiles of tive in the Church I probably would

achievement and satisnot have so strong a desire to go to faction to these young people when he presented Church. Therefore, I believe it is

Individual Certificates of helping me more than it is depriving Award for 1948. Only

pieces of paper, these certicates, they but conme of anything worthwhile.

note personal excellence Dad confirmed me a member of the in abundant living. Church and ordained me to the office

[Concluded on page 590) SEPTEMBER 1949 587 PROBLEMS OF YOUTH

{Continued from page 563) heard that kind of statement, and think that one of the most serious it's one of the most treacherous problems faced by the young men things that is told to the youth of of my age, Brother Hardy, is in the this Church. As a matter of fact,

observing of the standards of the it is not true. There are literally

Word of Wisdom. In particular I tens of thousands of young people

am concerned because usually if who do not smoke and who do not young men start smoking or drinkdrink. And yet our young people

ing they tend to fall away from must be prepared as they go out

Church activity. How can we teach in the world to find that when it

our people the importance of these comes to living the standards of standards and get back into full the clean life, they will be in a activity in our Church those who minority most of the time. I rememhave become careless and indifferber hearing Brother Richard L.

ent? Evans one Sunday morning on the

Hardy: I'm sure there isn't a choir broadcast say that if a thing COOKING mother or a father in this Church, is wrong and a thousand people

or a bishop, who doesn't feel greatly do it, it is still wrong. Minority, yes,

distressed when a fine boy or a but a courageous and intelligent that's COOL lovely girl slips a little bit, partakes minority! We need to think about

of some unwise experience, and it as we present this problem to the then stays away from Church. I'm youth of the Church and the world.

sure that there isn't any problem But please, as we present the standthat could better engage the attenards of this Church, including the Of Course tion of this group tonight. We need Word of Wisdom, let us be sweet,

to think carefully about the seriouslet us be humble, but let us not ness of staying away from Church. confuse humility with weakness.

It's It is a sad thing that many of our Brother Collinson, what do you own young people say that the think about this problem?

Word of Wisdom really isn't too Collinson: On this question of

important. They listen to men and how to get our young people back

women both in and out of the into the Church when they drift ELECTRIC! Church who say that we make a away, I would like to say that we

mountain out of a molehill with the should endeavor to make our

Word of Wisdom. Beverly, do you chapels temples of healing, wherein

think this is true? those who've made mistakes will be

Beverly: No, I don't, Brother able to come and feel that they'll

Hardy! The Word of Wisdom is be helped and that if they come they

tremendously important from all won't be ridiculed because of their that I've observed. In high school weaknesses. We all have virtues,

all I'm sure faults, but that have drinkcollege I've noticed and we Utah Power & the of cases, in the majority that to seemed always smoking ing and go right along with unclean living. good far outweighs the bad. We

Light Co. George: There is a relationship should look for the good in those

between the spirit and the body. who may have taken a step out of

The Lord has said if the body is line or in the wrong direction, and separated from the spirit, man canstretch forth a helping hand, and not receive the fulness of joy. I assure them that we truly are their

testify that to be true, because a brothers and sisters. If we will

IIV USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS healthy vigorous body makes for do this, their lives will not only be

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple a vital spirit. enriched but ours also.

sore throat and other minor mouth Betty: There's a statement about George: Let us not forget the

and throat irritations. the Word of Wisdom which I wish positive teachings of the Word of

you'd help me clear up. So often Wisdom. The Lord has said that HALL'S REMEDY we hear boys and girls say: "Those if we remember to obey his counsel

Salt Lake City, Utah standards are just a little oldabout the Word of Wisdom, we fashioned. Everyone smokes and shall receive health in our navel

drinks now, and if everyone does it, and marrow to our bones, and find

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it can't be so wrong. This is really wisdom and great treasures of

a hard question for young people knowledge, even hidden treasures. I

"The Voice of the Church"to answer. believe we are a blessed and for12 issues $2.50 Hardy: I'm sure there are many tunate people to have the Lord inyoung men and women who have (Continued on page 590)

588 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

y is in Order.. AChange

Change to OUPLAVN&l

8 protecQuiet!... Get hushed power from Stays Up!... Conoco N'

your car. Get Conoco Nih Motor Oil tive shield of lubricant—Oiland OilPlate your engine. An adPlating—can't all drain down.

ditive in Conoco Nth fastens an extra No "dryfriction"starts with shield oflubricant right to the cylinders. Conoco N*A.

... Conoco Wh uCjBjk. Stays Longer!

lK! stands up under long, hard use, beparaffin-base it's fine from cause made

, stamina! th has crude. r*rrP"li. Conoco N

Saves Money!... You use less

Conoco Nth. Your engine wears longer.

You buy less oil. To save and be safe,

your best buy is Conoco N th Motor Oil,

OilPlate today at your Conoco Mileage Merchant's

Copyright 1949, Continental Oil Company

SEPTEMBER 1949 589

Problems of Youth

[Continued from page 588) struct us in keeping our bodies healthy and strong. Tall Term Hardy: When we think about

Announcement thefor Wordjust a ofminuteWisdom,and considerlet us pausethe difference between a thing that is clean and a thing that is unclean.

Once you have seen the contrast

Plan to enrol/ TUBS. SEPT. 6 between things that are clean and

(later registration possible) things that are unclean outside of business men; active veterans, and graduates, college and school High your body, diffiyou will have no

to available you services training and placement complete the consider culty in recognizing that the of one College. S. Business D. L. at

Some of the many classes: choicest blessings you can have

with life is which to face a clean Accounting 9 sanctified body HumQn. Relations to the by obedience and. advancedbeginning, intermediate, AdministrationkJ. Busmess # Public Speaking sacred commandments of God. The

the vessels of the Lord."Tl T Lord said, "Be ye clean that bear

,MJb ql f 70BUSINESSNorth Main Salt LakeCOLLEGECity Tel. 3-2765 (This presentation JJi will be conWrite or call today for further information cluded in the October Improvement Era with a discussion of

morals, and repentance.)

DONT 'jSBEaITS HERE Presiding Bishopric's PageThe phonograph record for which DRIVE the Church has been waiting (Concluded from page 587) of a deacon, so I know he is interested in my Church activities. I show my

JESSIE EVANS SMITH interest in his Church activities by with the staying on the job when it is necessary for him to be away.

TABERNACLE CHOIR No, I do not know of anything that singing I could do to strengthen my personal relationships with my father; they are

"THE KING OF GLORY"already very strong.

("He that hath clean hands and a pure heart.") NO TRAFFIC TROUBLES

and NO PARKING PROBLEMS EVENTIDE""BEHOLD/TIS handy downservice, Frequent (solo only) MELINDA WAS THE PLAIN ONE from depots, and freedom town

Accompanied by Alexander Schreiner driving tension make shopping By Ruth Stewart Schenley 12"semiflex record $1.31 orGreyhound.business Youtrips cana pleasurego and reby ["reaming, she waited long for beauty's

*-J coming, low fares the day. The same At your dealer or direct from turn

dollars for shopping extra save 1 Till, softly, childhood went its way.

... encomfort perfect in her kitchen humming, about She went

visiting with ARTS, sightseeing, or INC. RelaxjoyRECORDING of John's. wife Still, day That by day, St. 19 West South Temple Greypassengers. your fellow See

Salt Lake City 1, Utah hound Agent about departure She longed for glamor. As a mother

PRODUCERS OF THESE POPULAR ALBUMS times on your next trip! The common family talk became a song

Upon her lips. And thus another

Seven Immortal Hymns $3.95 v E R LAN Decade slipped away. "It is so long,"

5.05 Story Smith'sJoseph for said, glory moron the and hoped She GREYHOUN LINES

3.95 of Songs row. BookMy Picture

Operated by INTERSTATE LINES TRANSIT add customers Utah 2% sales tax. life, with busy woman, She was every STAGES, PACIFIC INC. and UNION

With birth and death, with love and sorrow;

HEADQUARTERS FOR L. D. S. Delicious Full knifewere her days. And yet, the gleaming

IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA 31 SUNVISTA Of vision hung before, until around her I

YE KINGS REST MOTEL BLACKEYEDBUTTER BEANSPEAS Grandchildren flowered, rich grain from golden sowing. BABY LIMA BEANS 526 5th STREET SOUTH PINTO BEANS her folk, her old dream when amid B. Foutz, Dr. Harold CHILI Owner GREEN PEPPERS So,

Edgar H. Foutz, Manager PINTO BEANS WITH PORK found her

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout At Your Grocers At last, they wept indeed for beauty's going.

590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA new! llilr Revolutionary H

Ridemastei Seat on OLIVER tractors

:PiP*

Closeup of the cushiony rubber torsion springs that absorb the jolts, soak up shocks and level out rough rebounds.

The new Ridetnaster seat is adjustable, too—provides utmost comfort for a farm

youngster of 100 pounds or a husky driver hitting the 275pound mark. It is

also adjustable fore and aft to suit leg length. Moreover, colateral cushioning

< siderock. softens

take and Dealer fo on Oliver over Gef '''tU '.,.udditional'.-*'', ''Cushion, as, shown,r; -: s/ighf/y will you and Tractor Oliver ride a on an

find that real comfort is now for the first BB time available to the tractor driver.

Gone are the jarring jolts and pitching rebounds. The rider literally floats over

the roughest ground when seated on the new Ridetnaster, now standard equipOLIVER ment on Oliver tractors at no extra FINEST IN FARM MACHINERY cost.* The Ridetnaster Seat is different from any other seat ever put on a tractor you haven't seen anything like it before or experienced the comfort it can give you. So get over to your Oliver Dealer,

learn about another Oliver contribution M, rs ** to better farm living and working.

Pos/ Office r

Rurl Route

State., ""|

I V CORPORATION THE 'I OLIVER 6, Illinois Madison Street, Chicago 400 W. FU-9, I

SEPTEMBER 1949 591 IT'S FALL YOU CAM SUDDENLY FLY BY CUPPER'(Continued from page 561) andwashed carrot. These are some

dissatisfied with your own possesof the delights of taste. Enjoy them

that you enjoy them. sions—whenever you feel yourself and know

coveting a friend's automobile, his And the sense of smell! My main

is girl friend, necktie, workshop—anysympathy for hay fever victims

thing. Take a pencil and paper and built around their loss of the sense

make a list of ten worthwhile of smell. Smell enhances taste

things you possess. (You could all good food tastes better because

make a hundred and ten, but ten it smells so tantalizing. The sense

will be plenty. ) Maybe you will list of smell fortifies the sense of sight

very simple things—sufficient and of touch—though it can stand

clothes, food, warmth, fresh air, entirely by itself as a symbol of enwater, good parents, a dictionary, a joyment also. Add the fragrance of

spot under a tree on the hill, an Madonna lilies to their white dighour to yourself each day, a soft nity and velvety smoothness, and mattress. Now use your imaginayou combine many delights. Mix

tion and one by one take each of the aroma of freshly baked bread these things out of our life. Deprive with its rich brown color and warm ROUND yourself of clothing. Make yoursatisfying taste, and you are not

self lack even the simplest food. only fed but also rested and reLive without the advantage of defreshed. Know it for the wonderfulTHE WORLD voted parents. Perhaps you actualgift it is—this sense of smell.

really a day Take and things of the on ly are some minus listen—not flies American Pan Only just to the just to it? list. of your Make What to my radio—not six all 61 continents to... still, to the small sounds list possestake then each and own music—but So, colonies. countries and of the household, the school, the live withmentally sion and away

wherever you want to go, it's out it. Then give them all back to office, the fields, the woods. Listen

likely that Clippers can fly you yourself and enjoy them to the full. to water and wind, to electrical

there directly... with a single I mean really to the full. That is motors and clocks, to frogs and

ticket and a single set of bagone of our troubles. We don't get crickets. Enjoy sound.

gage checks. enough delight out of our possesOpen your eyes. Train yourself

You may fly abroad by one sions. Look at your little brothers to see and in seeing to enjoy. Look

at a beautiful picture or a glorious Clipper route, return by anand sisters and enjoy them—the

view describe and then their straight their in eyes, it—aptly, still get important sparkle other—and interestingly, quickly. Look at a their curls necks, at noses, the damp savings! roundtrip

their affectionate arms, their obcomplete room and then walk out

For information on flights, stinate attempts to achieve indeand try to remember everything that fares and reservations, call your pendence. Step into your bedroom made up that room—color, furniTravel Agent or the nearest and see the new curtains that your ture, accessories. Try to absorb, to

Pan American office. mother has made so painstakingly. remember, to appreciate. Try to

Then you might try some very see.

Trade Mark. Airways, Inc. special sensestretching exercises. Enjoy your "sixth sense."I don't Pan American

It's fun to take them one by one know what it is, but I like to think

PA/V AMffilCAtf theup thesensemeaningof taste,offortheinstance.term: "gourLook ofwhatit asa discernment.person is like—whatDo you sensehe

thinks, does, believes—not after World Airways met,"and "gourmand."Isn't it

fun to know the difference? I hope long association with him but soon

WORLD'S MOST EXPERIENCED AIRLINE you're not really either of these, but after you meet him? Do you feel

nevertheless I want you to enjoy his spirit? Do you have a sense of

(iD&ilcpn Sma/U Toa/iama food. Look at that bowl of whole trust or warning when you look

into his eyes his or shake hand? before or placed cracked wheat you

considat Fascinating field.Design wardrobe own

othfor this experience designing of saving. Gain us have sense it None very at of think as breakfast a and of a shop era. erableItmay

course Basic "learnby-doing"day. J"yourl someleadtothrillingcareer—even own its thoroughly developed, cultibut is for miracle. great man. Wheat exteachers qualified of guidance under

free for career. a point Sendprovides starting cellent vation fascinating is amazingly it. If isn't and appetite your Enjoy Designing."in forFashion booklet, Career "A

NATIONAL 1315 So. Michigan SCHOOLAve. Dept.OF DRESS1395 DESIGNChicago 5, 111. sated with the superfluous or valuable.

counterfeit, it will taste like the gift Enjoy people, but enjoy your from heaven which it is. Bite into school work, too. Every new class,

New features for your a ripe and beautiful peach. If you every opportunity to delve into a

enjoyment in the enlarged rub off the fuzz first, you'll know great book, to master a scientific tasting are "food of the gods."fact or lesson an historical should ERA you that perfectly potato thrill baked Open possibilities with the you

at the regular price of and take its fluffy goodness on your which lie ahead. To be apathetic

12 issues $2.50 fork. Munch a fresh, justpulled- (Continued on page 594)

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"The newlifeguarcl"Body

Fords feel safe—Fords ARE safe. Ford bodies are

is part ofthe new "Lifeguard"bodies—heavygauge steel bodies. Together

with Ford's own 5 crossmember boxsection frame you get a structure that's 59% more rigid—and wonderfully

quiet to drive! R)id TeeT Take the wheel—try the

new Ford "Feel."Ford's

"Finger Tip"Steering and Shifting give you positive, effortless control Try the brakes—feel that 35% easier

stopping action! Yes, Ford's KingSize

"Magic Action"Brakes are brakes you love to touch

sofasoft, sofawide Feel those Awarded the Fashion Academy Gold Medal room, hip and shoulder seats! More

as theTashion Car of the Year"front and rear, than in any other car in its field.

Am Feel that "Mid Ship"Ride softly cushioned by new "HydraCoil"Springs

MSSPO in front, new "ParaFlex"Springs in rear!

Yes, the new Ford "Feel"adds up to a brandnew kind of driving—with new

ease of control, new performance, new readability, new security. Try it!

White side wall tires optional at extra cost

SEPTEMBER 1949 593

Suddenly It's Fall

( Continued from page 592 about learning and the application of knowledge—to be dull about unFortheYouth covering wisdom—is to lose one of

the greatest blessings of life.

Get the most out of your social life. Shun boredom so completely of

that you won't even admit its presence. Contribute so wholeheartedly to the wholesome good times of the Church

your group that you will recognize shyness and selfconsciousness as A new school year begins selfishness. Being the "life of the this month at the Church Uniparty"is not, of course, the sole aim versity offering a vital opporis important. every "party"of Be Saints themselves to prepare Sa 6a*tdcf fan of any boy or girl, but to be a "part"tunity for young Latterday in the interested so considerate and living for in the successful

good times of others that you will world of today.

be the favorite guest of every host SNACKING!

hostess of favorite host or the and if guest. are a AUTUMN QUARTER DATES every you And

bar, Curtis snack Yes—this of a party committee, member Orientation and be September 21—is a wonderful readybuilt—enthusiastic, cooperative the most for all freshmen Placement Tests It's kitchen. to addition any

just one of the many Curtis member on record. and new sophomores (These tests

kitchen cabinet units that fit inBe eager about life. You will occupy four days)

to any size or shape of kitchen! not always want to advertise the

units come prime These wood in the fact that you are interested in findSeptember 26, 27—Registration for be painted may coated—

color of your choice—and the ing the right boy or girl to "go all students cost is moderate. with,"eventually to marry—with

eternity to share an whom of love September 28—Class instruction but are interested and loyalty, you begins.

in you interested—and that—vitally STOP in at anv4 sooner or later assume that can All new students must submit applicato the Admissions Comtions in advance

of the University. Lumber Dealer everyoneachievementelsetoo.is interestedAnd so, setin yourthat mittee

eyes and aspirations high. Be filled

for Complete with the delights of life yourself and choose someone who is equally rich in worthwhile experience. Do Brigham Young Information not be satisfied with less. Give

generously of yourself—your

thoughts, interests, friendship, but University hold back from offering even the smallest part of those gifts which PROVO, UTAH belongtionship—-untilsolely tothatthe relationshipmarriage relais

established. Pray earnestly to your

Heavenly Father to help you find

THE ALEXANDRIA thethe rightright way—andone, at thetorightgive time,you thein Beginning in October

present HOTEL goodWhilejudgmentyou areto beingrecognizeenthusiasticeach. we

In Los Angeles, California life blessings all the of be the appointment of about Announces THE IMPROVEMENT ERA particularly reabout your happy H. BECKETT RAY (formerly Mgr. of Lankershim Hotel) ligion. We could all afford to inAs Associate Manager vest a little more heavily in this joy. an enlarged magazine with

I overheard this an imposing array of new THIS IS THE NEW Theconversation.other Sunday

HEADQUARTERS FOR features.

"Are you going to church to- L. D. S. PEOPLE night?"This was asked lazily.

in Los Angeles 500 Rooms with Bath "Mmm—who's going to talk?"12 issues $2.50

—equally lazily!

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Oh, I dunno—someone,"—this

very vaguely.

"Guess not—it's kinda warm."THERE IS A GOOD REASON WHY Warm indeed! Nothing could be

that of in an atmospherewarm tepid OVER of the termsindifference. Using one

of the day, I'd like to see us all get blessabout our"hot"religion—its One Hundred opportunities, privileges, joys,ings,

responsibilities. Anything as worldshaking as truth, anything as preSixty-Five

cious and powerful as our Heavenly

Father's plan for the salvation of L. D. S. BISHOPS

deserves everythe human race bit HAVE CHOSEN FOR THEIR CHAPELS into itof enthusiasm can put we every bit of joy we can extract out the beautiful music of the of it. Let's open our minds and

eyes and spirits to life at its best and live it to the full. No mulling Hammond Organover the weather and its discom- 1—Very easy to play

forts, no moaning over tests and 2—Costs so much less to buyexams, no shuddering over the state 3—Upkeep is very little

of the universe, no indifference 4—Takes up very little space and is so easy to install

about eternal truths. 5—Never gets out of tune

You have problems and anxieVisit our store during Conference and see and hear it for yourself!ties—of course you do. You will

have them all of the days of your life. You will face denial, and youwill make sacrifices. You will work Glen Bros. Music Co.

hard, and you will suffer pain and SALT LAKE CITY Established 1907 OGDEN sorrow. But if you go out to meet

life confidently, its blows will be light because they will be relative.

You will have learned that the smell of camphor is not particularly delightful in itself, but that it clearsthe sense of smell for those fra300 grances which are delightful. You *iwill learn that hunger is not enjoyKOLOB It's

able, but that unless prolonged unduly, it creates appetite—which is Perfectly

enjoyable. You will learn that no

gain was ever really felt without Halural loss having been experienced—that

no man is so eager for education What do people want most they are traveling? when

clean, comfortable placeas he who has felt its lack—that no A

love is so secure as the one that to sleep and some good, has been waited for patiently and BRING THE WESTS tasty food—naturally! So

naturally what—that's

give them.faithfully—that man moves for-—we And

it, appreciate strangely know, we but unmistakably,ward they SERVICE because they keep coming the stingingurged spurs reof by are Chances you TO YOUR back. necessity. willpentance and You will, too. visit Won't you

learn that denial has its place, and HOME TOWN with us next time?

so you can be patient and resigned the community The Agent KOLOB lacks privations andto many if you Hotel in to friendliest serve isyour man town—readyin yourefficiently insurance at every need and lowwill joyful be sufficiently about and

cost, represents Intermountain the he because Temple Square largest Agency. Insurance West's Generalappreciative of blessings, the opfair Clarence L. West,portunities, and possessions which settlementStrong stockof Companyclaims. policies—prompt

Manager are yours. It pays to meet every day

with enthusiasm and discernment because "suddenly, it's fall."And

whether fall seems a glorious beginning or a sad and dreary end depends entirely upon how keen, 330 Judge Bldg.FRANK SALISBURY, Mgr.Salt Lake City

active, and alive you are.

SEPTEMBER 1949 595 CANADA SALUTES IRRIGATION (Continued from page 568) Taylor Stake president, and others, ent of the Dominion Experimental to the UtahIdaho Sugar Company pressed for the factory. The supStation, said:

to enter this field. Conditions had port of President Heber J. Grant

changed. Farmers who had grown was enlisted, and the UtahIdaho I look upon Mark Austin as the

not fieldman. beet sugar model He for Knights thebeets were now in established a 1925 Company raise to farmers the how only told try again. ofkeen to One site the plant of the old Knight on the in the right out also went beets, but he

advocates for a factory was Ray mill. field and showed them how to do it

faith inKnight, Canada whose Anothernever waned. man who This time the industry succeeded and do it right.

did much to get beet culture on its although it took the tireless guidance Later, with the industry wellfeet was a stouthearted pioneer, of such men as Mark Austin to get established, the UtahIdaho com- "Uncle Hyrum"Kimball of Raybeet growing on a sound basis. Of pany sold the plant to the Rogers

mond, a son of President Heber C. Mark Austin, Dr. W. H. Fairfield cane interests of Vancouver, B.

Kimball. James H. Walker, now of Lethbridge, former superintend- C, which now operate two Southern

Alberta factories and are building a third, a $5,000,000 plant at Taber, thirtyfive miles east of Lethbridge.

T. George Wood, former Taylor

stake president, is manager of the

Alberta company.

Thus from the humble beginning back half a century or more ago,

Canadian irrigation has now reached wide dimensions. The country

is entering a new reclamation era, and as Canadians look back to those early pioneer efforts when the first "big ditch"was built, the words of C. A. Magrath come to

mind: My territorial office naturally brought me into a much wider field of activity. The Latterday Saints

had started their small settlement on

Lee's Creek in 1887. I visited them

in September of that year and was much impressed with what I saw. I

question if any organization is quite as well fitted for colonization work as the Mormons. Pioneering—life on

the frontier—always has been a great

Your stay in Salt Lake is always 5s struggle in order to get established.

j more pleasam when you stay at the \\ The community life of a people natuNewhouse Hotel—one of the Great rallyones mustof thebe group,invaluablewho,to ifthetryingweakerto

Hotels of the West. You'll enjoy stand alone, would run considerable

good food in our Coffee Shop and danger of failing.

Royal Dining Room. In my opinion the movement of

Latterday Saints to Southern Alberta was of inestimable value in opening up that section of our west. They

understood irrigation, and, having HOUSE made Lethbridge their market town,

I. Holman Waters, President we were continually told of the wealth

J. Holman Waters - W. Ross Sutton, Managers that could be created by the diversion

of some of our waters that were wastIn the Center of Downtown Salt Lake ing down our rivers, to the lands in the immediate neighborhood of our

MAIN AT 4th SOUTH ST. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH little town. It was a fortunate coincidence for that section of the

country that on one side we had the

Gaits—who understood that fundamental of colonization—care of the

newcomers until well settled, and on the other, the Mormons so familiar 596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA with irrigation and by actual experithe moral teachings and standards of thing. Men and women waltz down the

ence, with the difficulties of getting the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterstreet to the tune of what they call broadestablished in a new country. It was day Saints. This fact alone should mindedness, but which is in reality, nothing

only a question of bringing about cobe a challenge to us to intensify our but emptiness of soul and purposeless livoperation between the two interests efforts to win adherents to the cause ing. They have no convictions about anyin order to get results and the reof total abstinence. thing.

sults are to be seen in Southern AlThe Drys say the liquor trade makes berta today. What Others Say vaguethese proposalsproposals haveof "moderation,"been made butfor

Today the $25,000,000 St. MaryThe Rev. Robert E. McLean of Engmany years and no improvement folMilk rivers development in Southland says our error in dealing with the lows. The beer trade fights bitterly

whatever. against any restrictions The problem fanaticism today is not irrigation Alberta ern shows how

in inducing the country succeeded Drys in the temperance movement is so—evenliquor foundations expanding on the throat prohibition, which try had to of it: lack but the very laid. joint well This and truly the throatcutters. expert cut by itsNow

dominionprovincial program inAt no time in our social history has there Drys make these proposals:

cludes the East Pot Hole Coulee been so little feeling evidenced about any- (Concluded on page 598) dam at Magrath, now completed, and the St. Mary River dam at

Spring Coulee, between Cardston and Magrath, which may be finished in 1950—the largest earthen dam INCLUDE THESE EDITIONS

in Canada, rising two hundred feet from its base and creating a lake seventeen miles in length and six IN YOUR CHURCH LIBRARY miles wide. It will ultimately store EDUCATIONAL! HISTORICAL! SPIRITUAL!

water for irrigation and possibly power from the St. Mary, Belly, and Ik ericas History at Its Best!

Waterton rivers, and extend irrigabefore Cotwnbtt tion from East Taber through the THE AMERICAS sandy soils area of Grassy Lake,

Burdett, and Bow Island to MediBEFORE COLUMBUS cine Hat. By DEWEY FARNSWORTH

This scheme with the Bow River... filled with interesting, graphic drama

hundred of twentyfive empire golden the of the Development, SaskatcheSouth history in the makactually years ago $5 of the presentation authentic ing!.an.. project, the River diDeer Red wan

. of result.. the peoples early AmericanIt's

vision and other enterprises will twentythree years of painstaking research.

bring more than a million more "green acres"to the plains of AlInspiring and Sound in Doctrine berta and Southern Saskatchewan and protect by utilization Canada's share of international waters. TREASURES TO SHARE

By MELVIN WESTENSKOW

Straightforward, concise... the treasures

of the restored Gospel beautifully described.

NoIipor-Tobacco Includesdom... a describesbrief analysisthe positionof modernof theChristenLatter-

day Saints... and explains the plan of

(Continued from page 585) salvation. A remarkable volume for mission- $2

cigarets, beer, and liquor in the fiscal year 1949 was 3 percent less than paid in less 1948 than 3.4 percent and

F. as by 0, THE QUEST, *5 Ursenbach—selected a reading course book %2 inpaid according 1947, figures to we for 194950 class and Gleaner Girls'Men M T- *

in thispublished column in 1948, even though the population increased 6.6 THESE AMAZING MORMONS, by Joseph H. Weston 3pLUU

capitapercent thus 1947; over the per GOD PLANTED A TREE, by Ora P. Stewart $1*00 cost less in '49consumption $3.95 was

than in '47, or 8 percent. To what is HISTORICAL BACKGROUND OF THE DOCTRINE AND COVE- *<% AA

this favorable trend due? We have, NANTS, by E. Cecil McGavin >A.UU

regretfully, us data enabling no to L. D. S. SCRIPTURES, by Gilbert Charles Orme $4.50determine to of it is due much how

the NoLiquor-Tobacco campaign among the L.D.S. people. The above

figures of course cover all the people SPECIAL NOTICE TO FULL TIME MISSIONARIES of Utah, Mormons and NonMormons. Write tor listing of books and special discount privileges

We know, however, that many Mormons have not yet been won to total abstinence. Let our workers multiply

their efforts. The good fruits will bemeasured by the work done. The BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH

tendency of the times is away from

SEPTEMBER 1949 597.

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO {Concluded from page 597) facts are is that The there soluble Acutely says Before Us, the Na- 1 all Stop advertising of alcoholic bevermaltose in beer certain a which has small tional for Committee Education on ages—all promotion sales. of to Try calorific value, but lacking entirely vitaAlcoholism. reduce to consumption unstimuan content. min calories of the The maltose

lated demand. in beer are incapable of contributing to is Alcoholism the increase. on The 2. the right Grant of local option metabolism, to body or energy, or growth, is of problem alcoholism acutely before

political unit, every that so the peorepair development tissues. of and body... us. are There estimated 4,000,000 an

of ple any protect community can in alcoholics the S. of U. 750,000 whom their against drink. homes own late The Dr. Kelly famous Howard final the in are stages the of disease. At 3. Let church, every entire the and eduof Hopkins University Johns said: least die 12,000 every chronic from year cational establishment, the accept duty alcoholism.

of informing our people of young the is single There disease in no the world, scientific facts in regard to their perof alcohol is which cure. a Since alcohol Says Jackie Robinson, of the famous

sonal welfare. it is cures no disease, medicine. not a It the Brooklyn Baseball team: Dodgers

has no place in medical practice. It creates

The eminent Dr. Haven Emerson of only an illusion of vigor which does not The other day a little boy asked me how

Columbia University says: exist. he could become a big league baseball

player. I guess there are hundreds of

WSKM kids... Nowho onewantcanto stayknowin thethe majorssame thing.if he

doesn't stay in shape and train hard and long. He shouldn't smoke, drink, stay out

late, or eat improper foods. He should

get plenty of sleep and take care of his SERVING THE BUILDING mh body.

NEEDS OF INTERMOUNTAIN Tap and Tavern says that a 36 percent rise in bootlegging was noted in

It BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS is1948.hard Bootleggingto believe, underbut ifRepeal!Tap and

Tavern says so, we believe it.

You, too, will find that it pays to use

Mission to Polynesia TriState materials in every building you construct. TriState Lumber {Continued from page 565)

he saw a ship running down the Company is first with builders island for the village. It was the

and contractors because at oneschooner Artarevedre skippered by stop all materials needed.. his good friend, Capt. Sajot.

for homes or industrial buildings School was quickly dismissed, may be ordered and deliveries and the pupils and the teacher, made accurately and on time. along with all the other people in

We stock a complete line of the town, went down to the beach.

quality materials... meeting As the boat from the schooner came

over the reef Addison thought he your exact specifications for could see a particularly happy exevery job... materials that pression on the face of Captain

will give your customer conSajot. And as soon as the boat

fidence in your work. That's landed, the captain came straight

our reason for success as to him, shook his hand and said,

Intermountain Building "I have come to fulfil the promise

I made you when I was here; that

Headquarters. I would be the first man to bring

you letters from your wife."

Out of his bag he then pulled two letters, with the wellknown and beloved handwriting of his mWwife on them. Excusing himself as

quickly as he could, Addison hurried to his house where he could be alone. With tears trickling down

LUMBER CO hisIt matteredcheeks, henotreadto himtheir thatcontents.both 7ty'S7M7BETTER MATERIALS FOR BETTER BUILDING letters had been opened; that they

had been handled and read and reread until they were full of holes and were as black and greasy as if 598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA they had been in the smokehouse At first his friends would not of coconuts, together with bananas, among the bacon. It mattered not; hear of his going, and even threatplantains, native cloth, pigs, and

here was news from home. ened to carry him off into the fowl, and presented them to him as

Yes, God at last had answered mountains and hold him captive unfarewell gifts.

his prayers. Although the letters til the ship left. He had become Few funerals are attended by the

were months old, they revealed that as one of their own family, even weepings and wailings, sobbings at least his wife and daughters more, as he had brought the gospel and lamentations that were perpewere well—not too happy or too of salvation to them and was, in trated on that shore when Addison

comfortable, but well! They also fact, the first missionary who had Pratt took his leave. Men, women,

expressed how much their husband ever lived with them on the island. and children alike clung to his

and father was missed, and how But after they reconciled themhands as long as possible; tears

they prayed every day that the selves to his leaving, Addison's flowed freely. The people had no

Lord would bless and protect him. friends from both Mahu and Mataway of knowing whether or not

There was also other news: news tura gathered together large piles * (Continued on page 600)

of his friends, news of the Church.

How sorrowful he was to read the true account of the murdering of the Prophet Joseph and Hyrum, but how thankful he was to learn p<3f)o/ that the Church had rallied around SAVEBrother Brigham. ON YOMR FOOD BILL *0F /0 Time after time he read the letcaa

ters, until almost memorized he had 10.3 Cu. ft.

felt that almost WITH THE NEWthem. it was He

worth waiting two years for an event like this. There were other letters, too, COOLERATOR

from Brother Grouard. On the

island of Anaa, in the Tuamotu group, he had met with remarkablesuccess in making new converts to LERATaR the Church. Things were progressing so well and so rapidly, that he

said it was absolutely essential for FR his affairs to arrangeAddison on E could leave, and come he soTubuaiimmediately to his assistance. E

Another letter, written sometime after the first one, informed him that Brother Grouard had startedfor Tubuai after Addison in a pahi ZER

Paumotu ( native vessel ) by way of

Tahiti and had been cast away onthe little island of Metia (Mehitia). Da

The letter continued that Captain

Sajot had told Elder Grouard that he would give Addison passage toTahiti, if he wanted it, and they ESN would meet there. 'T

The letter continued, If you don't accept, I will come to

Tubuai for you in this native vessel, for assistanceI your to have determined am Cas life or death; and [Anaa] comeon Ana

if I should be drowned in consequence of starting in such a frail bark, my death will be upon your hands as you would Buy in quantity when prices ore low.

not come with Captain Sajot. Eat ''gardenfresh"meals from your

had Addison several months For

Preserve impressed be well that it wouldbeen Cooleratormore—safer—inthe year line'round.with the IT

for him to leave the island for Church conservation program.

awhile. He had prayed many times See your local Coolerator dealer

that if it were God's will, a new or writefield would be opened up to him, GLENN EARL, INC., 245 South 1st West PAY

so this word came as an answer to Salt Lake City 5 prayer.

SEPTEMBER 1949 599

MISSION 10 POLYNESIA

(Continued from page 599) fact, "consisted of 125 goats, 19 seventeen of the hogs, half of the

Pataita would ever return to them, hogs, 160 hens, 6 geese, 5 dogs, and hens, and one goat was mine, I took and for all he knew, Addison was 12 souls."those inconveniences as easy as poslooking for the last time upon the This was December, the hottest sible. The sight of Tahiti gave us

faces of these converts, whom he month of the year. And the noise much joy, for it would afford us a

loved almost like his own family, and stench from the livestock, torelease from the 'palace of Hades.'

and among whom he had lived for gether with the heat, made the five- ( To be continued nineteen months. day trip to Tahiti anything but

The Artarevedre was a small pleasant.

vessel of twentyfive tons "bur- "If Lyman Wight thought a then,"and by the time the cargo Mississippi steamboat was 'hell'The Abundant Life was loaded, there was hardly standwhat would he have thought of this ing room on board. The cargo, in place,"Addison wrote. "But as {Continued from page 560)

vitiates the very fountains of life and bequeaths its foul effects to the yet unborn as a legacy of death.

He who is unchaste in young manhood is untrue to a trust given to him by the parents of the girl, and she who is unchaste in maidenhood is untrue to her future husband, and lays the foundation of unhappiness in the home, suspicion, and discord. Do not worry about

these teachers who say something about inhibitions. Just keep in mind

this eternal truth that chastity is a virtue to be prized as one of life's noblest achievements. It contributes

to the virility of manhood. It is

the crowning virtue of womanhood, and every redblooded man knows that is true. It is a chief contributing factor to a happy home; it is See Any the source of strength and perpetuity of the nation.

m UTOCO The sixth problem: In the world

is world. There not but of the IP in maintaining in prestige of no loss DEALER a dignified way your standards. And

tonight to these girls I listened that young the thoughts for whenexpressing m women have that they are afraid influence Better Car Care that they might lose the II or the respect of their sweethearts,

I thought of a great illustration in literature wherein a Jewish maiden won the respect even of a profligate.

Read the story of Rebecca, that 4SftPX}i$W$'y beautiful character in Sir Walter J Scott's Ivanhoe, who was the prisUTAH OIL oner of Brian de BoisGuilbert. He

REFINING CO. had chosen her for base reasons.

Others of his crowd chose the old father to rob him of his wealth.

When Brian de BoisGuilbert came in to take charge of his prize,

Rebecca "had already unclasped two costly bracelets and a collar, which she hastened to proffer to the supposed outlaw, concluding naturally to gratify his avarice was 600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a!

to bespeak his favor.""Take these,"fortitude. "Come down,"he said, Sow a thought, reap an act,

she said, "and be merciful to me "Rash girl!—I swear by earth, and Sow an act, reap a habit,

and my aged father! These ornasea, and sky, I will offer thee no Sow a habit, reap a character,

ments are of value, yet they are offense."Sow a character, reap an eternal

trifling to what he would bestow, And the reprobate for the first destiny.

to obtain our dismissal from this time in his life was taught respect "Tell me what you think about castle, free and uninjured."for womanhood. when you do not have to think, and

"Fair flower"replied the outlaw, You can be in this world and I will tell you what you are."

your chasworld."Keep pearls"these of the are orient, they "not but to not Temptation does come

else. everything tity above inyield teeth; whiteness to your of those not thought who havethe diamonds are brilliant, but they it '"The seventh problem: The value before. Keep your thoughts clean,

cannot match eyes; your ever and

it will resist temptaeasy to be and right doing though none of Isince have taken wild up this tions they as come. might see will conclude me. I with Itrade, have a to prefer made vow

beauty to wealth."this addition: {Concluded on page 602)

"Thou art no outlaw,"said Rebecca; "no outlaw had refused such

offers.... Thou art a Norman—

Norman, noble perhaps in birth actions, cast in thy be soOh, and Your MIA Reading Courseoff this fearful of outrage masque and violence!"Buy now for 1949 and 1950

"I am not an outlaw, then, fair rose of Sharon... And I am one

who will be more prompt to hangthy neck and arms with pearls and At This diamonds, which so well become them, than to deprive thee of theseornaments."SameHour

"What would'st thou have of By Richard L. Evans

me,"said Rebecca, "if not my wealth? We can have nought in Anotherable "sermonettes"compilation of hisfromremarkthe

are a between You'll of the West.""Crossroads us—you

his find manygreat comfort from a amChristian—Icommon Jewess—our this inspiring messages! new Add to contrary lawsunion were the editions. three to his former book

alike of the church and the syna- $2.00

gogue."Complete Set $5.00

"It were so, indeed,"replied Brian de BoisGuilbert, laughing:

"wed with a Jewess—not if she READ THESE INTERESTING ROOKS NOW

were the Queen of Sheba!"Special Interest Class: Explorer Group:

his then Rebecca knew And PORTAGE THE LONG AMID purCONSTANCY CHANGE Best 2.50 Herbert By latticedpose. the threw She open 2.00 Bowen By Albert E.

window, and an instant later stood OF STONE AND STAR Junior Class:

on the verge of the parapet, with By the Utah Sonneteers..2.50 HEART OF A ROSE

not the slightest screen between her By Mabel McKee.35c

YANKEE FROM A OLYMPUS LILLIAN WALD the depth below, tremendousand Catherine D. Bowen.-.l.OO By Williams.2.75 By Beryl exclaimed: "Remain whereand

thou art, proud Templar, or at thy SWEEPER IN THE SKY Boy Scouts:

Helen Wright By MOR THE 4.00 SCOUTING FORchoice, nearer, foot advance!—one GREAT THE ON MONS

I precithe myself plunge fromand FRONTIER Gleaner and Men shallpice; out M and crushed Ephraim By Sidney be body my

of the very form of humanity upon Class: Hanks 2.00

the stones of that courtyard, 'ere THE QUEST DENNIS OF THE MORMON

By 0. F. Ursenbach 2.25 BATTALIONit become the victim of thy brutalBy Mabel Harmer 2.25

ity!"WHAT OF THE MORMONS

As she spoke thus, she clasped By Gordon Hinckley 1.50

her hands and extended them toSWEEPER IN THE SKY ward heaven, as if imploring mercy By Helen Wright 4.00

on her soul before she made the LARRY final plunge. The Templar hesiBy Laramore Foster 2.00

tated, and a resolution which had THE GREAT APOSTASY never yielded to pity or disgrace By James E. Talmage—.1.00

gave way to his admiration of her BOOKS—Street Floor

SEPTEMBER 1949 601

"Everyone is happy The Abundant Life

Concluded from page 601 Getting eighth PROBLEM: we chose a Wurlitzer Organ"HThe

fltlM>! back on the moral and spiritual

highway. I, too, have mentioned

the prodigal son who first "came to himself"before he turned his face homeward. Come back home, back

to the path of virtue, but sense your own evil, and remember that there might be many who have been hurt on your way down.

When a man was asked how he Rev. T. S. Sampson,

Mundelein, Illinois could help those he had injured, particularly in slander, a good, wise, old man took a sack of feathers, "Everyone is happy we chose a Wur scattered them, and then he said:

litzer Organ,"reports Rev. T. S. "Now, try to gather them up."

Sampson, pastor of the new ComThe Series 21 He said: "Oh, I cannot!"

Protestant munity Church of Mundelein, Illinois. he Wurlitzer Organ That is just it. Let us be careful you know,""As

continues, "we investigated the organ changes. Even subzero or excesthat we have not wounded people,

field thoroughly and chose the Wursively high temperatures have no apand hurt them as we have been golitzer mainly because of its superior preciable effect on their fine tuning. ing down selfishly on the road of

it then, too, permitted importone—line Wurlitzer's electronic of And indulgence. tant savings in both space cost."and

is organs for every models complete—Young people: Is it the body is typical statement This those of church budget. and your Ask Wurreceived from churches of all sizes litzer dealer to arrange a demonstrayou are going to serve and be a

and denominations. All praise the tion. slave to, or is it the spirit you are

true Wurlitzer's tone. church organ Planning piano? a to buy live to happily develop, going and Electronic Wurlitzer not Organs And Because more people Wurlitzer buy Pianos

to in this the life world than those other and in traditional deliver of any Wurlitzer name, only church offers organ more for the piano For information money. in tune indefinitely tone but stay on come? write pianos, Wurlitzer The Rudolph Company,

of voltage regardless or frequency Illinois. De Kalb,

I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil. (John 17:15.) WuRLlIZERWORLD'S LARGEST BUILDER Or ORGANS AND PIANOS

UNDER ONE NAME God give us power as young peoThe Rudolph Wurlitzer Company, Organ Division, North Tonnwanda, New York ple and as parents to live in the world but be above the world, I

ARRANGE FOR A DEMONSTRATION OF THE pray, in the name of Jesus Christ.

Amen. WURLITZER ORGANor Write In Your Own Chapel. Call

MR. SELDON N. HEAPS

SUMMERHAYS MUSIC COMPANY Authorized Wurlitzer Dealer Salt Lake City 1, Utah Melchizedek Priesthood 17 West First South {Continued from page 584) SUBMIT CURRENT MATERIAL. News is news only as long

as it is current. It should make

the first edition of the paper after it happens. An Easter cantata, however excellent, is not news two weeks

after the event. If you are sending in

a faithpromoting story of conversion from a stake mission, do it when it happens and include dates. If it is a

J?xlra protection picture and short biographical data

stake mission appointed -*-* now available a newly Is about plant cold on This storage modern time he is it at the president, send Youth's Bible Utah, in located Kearns, centrally (123Z), Teacher's 11 miles from Salt Lake. Facilities installed. Type your stories in doubleBible (163Z) and Include truck and rail level docks, spaced form if it is convenient, but

Pocket Testament storage p to 29 carloads. 24 hour in any event, get the news in while it

(64PZ). service. Write for details. is news.

STANDARD SURPLUS, INC. FEEL FREE TO QUERY THE

SINCE 1863 TRADE MARK P. O. Box 96 Kearns, Utah EDITOR. If you think you have a

in to approach mind as your to how national BIBLES "big"story, or if there is a question the subject, write or telephone your

Wherever Bibles are Sold tflhfrJUfallB "Church News"editor. He will be

pleased to help you.

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CHECK YOUR FACTS. Accuracy is paramount in news reporting.Include addresses, ages, titles of perwith the comptimefit

sons. Check and double check the

spelling of all names. of quality! WHERE TO SEND YOUR

STORIES. Send them direct to the

"Church News,"33 Richards Street,

Salt Lake City 1, Utah; or, to the

General Priesthood Committee, 47

East South Temple Street, Salt Lake

City 1, Utah.

Why not appoint immediately a livewire representative or two to spearhead your drive for a full measure of publicity for your priesthood quorums and stake missionary activity?

The foregoing explanations and comments should be helpful to you, and we feel that the priesthood and missionary work will prosper as a result of publicity of the kind indicated. Appropriate items will, of

course, continue to be published on the Melchizedek Priesthood page of

The Improvement Era. Your attention to these matters will be greatly appreciated.

Faithfully your brethren, THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE By: (s) Geo. F. Richards

The Editor's Page

(Continued from page 557) And the Church continued to grow, and not only has it grown in numbers, but also in influence and in xighteousness.

When our people came into this valley a hundred and two years ago, this was a desert. The people who

came here to see it for the first time could not believe that anybody would want to live here from choice, thebut Lord spoken had told to and had reh... $ a S-mw people our come here. JM Many times, in different periods GLADE CANDY COMPANY

of the world's history, the prophets SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH of the Lord have warned the people that certain difficulties would come upon them if they did not

REXBURG, IDAHOabide by the word of the Lord. ICK

Today there are those who know that God lives, and there are thouOperatedSaints by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday sands of others who could know it if they would. Our Heavenly

Father has given that promise. Offers bachelor of arts and bachelor of science degrees

"If you will do the will of my

Father,"that is what the Savior Offers a full four years of college training, including says, "you shall know of the training in education doctrine."(See John 7:17.) These

people are not dependent upon us Fall Registration, September 1520 to know, but they are dependent (Write registrar for details) (Continued on page 604) SEPTEMBER 1949 603 The Editor's Page

(Continued from page 603) upon us to teach them how they JPUL may know. And that is one of the

responsibilities of this fine group, those who give their time to teach DESERET these boys and girls. It will only $omoo<Z0f be a few years until the youngest

of those in your Mutual Improve- "GOODBY TO MESSY WAYS,"ment Associations will be old NEWS women are saying! They've disenough to be divinely called to go

covered Silvo—the liquid polish out into the world to teach the

silver. for specially designed They truth. All those are PRESS worthy who

it it is, easily fast know how how all to understand, those are who tiniest of the out gets into and crevices, and how their silver glows willing to listen, may have the opCOMMERCIAL to know. with a glorious brilliance. portunity

instead And so, of feeling anAND EDITION it Because SAFETY, TOO! at those connoyed don't accept who

abrasive tains or harmful no harsh the PRINTERS AND truth, it is privilege our to sympasilver Silvo hurt cannot chemical, is what they BOOK BINDERS or hands. Try it—only 35 at thize with them. That

grocery, department, and jewelry need, until they can repent themPAPER RULING stores—and enjoy your silver's rich selves far enough to go to the Lord

new luster. that they, too, may know that God

lives. Our responsibility as a peoTHIS LIWJID WAY ple began in 1830, and there are

now more than a million souls in Jfofeiiional the world recorded as members of the Church, and most of them have ana -SocialISAmm a testimony that this is God's work.

WAY There is not anything that anyone enjoys in any part of the—)tati.umePiy

world, that is worth while, that not enjoy as we of may members PHONE 4-2581 the of Christ. Church Jesus Ought

not grateful? to be Let we us not 29 RICHARDS STREET critical of be not do those who

understand but let us be patient with them and let us have our lights so shining that they, seeing our good works, may be constrained to investigate the gospel and learn for themselves that Jesus is the

Christ, and that his Church is upon the earth by his divine appointment.

The Church is growing rapidly,

A PRODUCT OF THE R. T. FRENCH COMPANY and just at present a new movement has developed that has been

rather quiescent for some time and

HOTEL LANKERSHIM that is to carry the gospel to the 7th 4 BROADWAY descendants of Father Lehi. Think

MODERATE RATES Headquarters for L. D. S. in Los Angeles how many descendants that man,

FRANK R. WISH ON. Operator who was a prophet of God, has in

LOS ANGELES. the world today and realize how

TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE anxious he would be to have them prepared to dwell right here upon this earth forever. We have it

within our power to reach many of

Your library should include his descendants and bring them to

IN THE GOSPEL NET an understanding of the truth.

BY DR. JOHN A. WIDTSDE \\7e have a little group of Indians

$1.75 AT ALL INTERMDUNTAIN from the Navajo ReservaBOOKSTORES tion with us in this conference. The

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA nine young girls who have been singing in some of your meetings sang for the Presidency in the President's office. These nine girls just

budding into womanhood are converts to the gospel of Jesus Christ because somebody who had the truth has explained it to them. They

are precious in his sight; and if they

keep the commandments of the Lord and do as they should, they will have the opportunity of sharing with others the truth and bringing to them an understanding of the purpose of life.

I say to Brother Kimball and those who work with him, their work has just begun, and the opportunities for these people to "PORTER"Brand macaroni products is a macaroni produced by the Blending of high Protein Durum flour, properly prepared and understand will multiply because carefully processed.

we have the history of their forebears. The Lord gave to the Church PORTER MACARONI COMPANY

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints 573 West 2nd South Salt Lake City, Utah the history of the ancestors of the

American Indian. When they find (}00000000

out that they are descendants of a prophet of God and are entitled to blessings that they cannot enjoy! ATTENTION other than as members of the

Church, their hearts will be filled M MEN TEAMSjoy.with

I well remember a man about SCOUT TEAMS seventy years of age down in the South Seas. He was a man WHOLESALE PRICES

who did not have many opportunito ALL Church Teams ties and privileges. He was of the

same race of people as the American Complete Basketball Uniforms Indian. When I explained to him

where his people came from and Last Bilt Basketballs who they were, tears came into SALT LAKE All Star Basketball Shoes his eyes. He did not know where

they had originated. He had been Colored Top Goodrich P F Shoes TEMPLE places, other from told they came for plaq/ue or wall church. home A beautiful

in sculptor cast leading and by a Designed enComplete Line of I descendtold were him they but plaster. 8 inches or finplastic x 10 with during

of ants of a prophet of God; that the ishes copper, gold, antique, and five handBASKETBALL ACCESSORIES colors. painted

best blood of the world was in Especially suitable for gifts on birthdays, wedtheir veins, and that, if they would dings,occasions.anniversaries, Christmas, and for other special Over 50 Years in Business

have they would should, live as they finished Prepaid, fully en- $3.00 did not they that now blessings

(You $2.00 Unfinished can finish it to suit WESTERN ARMS

joy. yourself)

ordering finish desired when Specify as wept, and man aged That check. order, cash or by money Remit If by check, Bill COMPANY Paddy

for exchange. bank 5c add his eyes, he from tears the came 32 West 2nd South

said: "Thank you, thank you. That Salt Lake City, Utah

is not what the Europeans tell us, LOMA PLASTICS WORKS Phone 5-8533 but that is our tradition."P. 0. Box 431, Tooele, Utah

For hundreds of years past the

Polynesians and Indians have kept that tradition among themselves, IS COMING and they accept the gospel natuCOLOR rally. If they live as they ought to in

live, the Lord will open the way, "THE IMPROVEMENT ERA"and they will receive the truth and beginning in October with an increase in size become his servants, his sons and and at the same low price {Continued on page 606) | 12 issues $2.50

SEPTEMBER 1949 605 The Editor's Page An Outstanding New Book on Prophecy... (Continued from page 605)

daughters, preparatory to living in the celestial kingdom.

I say to this fine group of ofPROPHECY AND ficers, the superintendency of the

Young Men and the presidency of the Young Women, and the two TIMES MODERN to these general are boards, and who L.L.B. By W. Cleon Skousen,

officers of M.I.A., stake and ward

With Foreword by Ezra Taft Benson you who are giving your time to bless these young people that are "This formidable collection of prophecies is discoming on: God bless you. He has

cussed plainly, simply and carefully. This chalblessed you, and he will bless you,

lenging volume will be of interest to all Latterday and the joy of your lives will be inin the Era review. creased because his sons and daughSaint readers."—John A. Widtsoe

De Luxe Cloth $2.50 Leatherette $1.75 gospel,ters willandbe willmadequalifyto understandfor placesthein

the celestial kingdom when this earth that we dwell upon becomes DESERET BOOK COMPANY

Salt Lake City 10, Utah that kingdom. 44 East South Temple

I pray that the Lord may bless us all, that we may have a desire to be real missionaries, not make- * Once you u$e believes, and share with our

Father's other children that which has made our lives so rich and BerNARdin Mme &ma*$ CAPS & LI DS happy. I pray that his spirit may

*—- you'll never change—J be in our hearts and in our homes,

From the moment you open the package and when this convention is finished you can see and feel the advantages—in that we may return to our various

the metal,—in the packing (no sticking places of residence, where we astogether) in the resilient builtin ring. sociate with our brothers and sisAnd the first batch of canning you "put ters who are not here; and exemplify

up"with Bernardin caps and lids will before them what the gospel of sell you for life. You'll have new ease Jesus Christ really means and what

and new confidence through these exit has done for us; that we will be

clusive success features—responsibility the with impressed TYPE ACCORDION DOORS

coats; enamel over 2 under is to others the that share with ours O foodsafe Save Space l in; latex built rea rings

if O truths, glorious which, we apply Eliminate ConvenSwing Area of lids can't stick packed so they us. lives, will in prepare our them tional Doors Type together.

that happiness. for eternal I pray O Duty do Double Rooms Make

all these For features additional plus at it so our Heavenly and ask be may Variety of Colors Wide

Bernardin no extra cost—just get home his blessing to upon bestow Father Assure Free Easy, Trouble Operlids at capscanning your store. and ation this great congregation, in the name

of Jesus Christ. Amen.

innDOORSlimit old

Write or Phone 1343ALDER'SSo. Mainfor Free Literature Salt Lake

Phone 7-1531

Your library should include "IN THE GOSPEL NET"by Dr. John A. Widtsoe

$1.75 at all Intermountain bookstores

606 THE IMPROVEMENT -ERA.

..

0E301 IOE DL Wjontk WltkCOLOR FILM SLIDES OF

Book of Mormon Cities CHURCH PUBLICATIONS of Mexico and Central America I have chosen fifty of the outstanding scenes, which to me are proofs of the Book of Mormon The Relief Society Magazine..Story.

These scenes showing some of the great strucmetals, pyramids works,tures, and cement... As usual the magazine for September cities ancient the followingetc., taken from

(with modern archaelogical names) is full of interesting features for

it tradition Christ to the of appeared says (whereTULA women the Church—and

this people.) surprising wouldn't be too if the men

1017 tombs have been (where ANBANMONTE found.) wouldn't want to peek into some of

MITLA (called the city of Tombs.) them for there is an exceptional article

city (the Willard whichCHICHENITZA said on Better Photography by Willard rise, reach empires a golden had seen two age and perish.) Luce. The magazine also carries three

UXMAL (one of the most beautiful PreMaya stories, in addition to the special feacities.)

COPAN (where the ancient people reached tures for the home. The department

their highest culture) material is also included as well as with (contemporaneousQUIRIGUA Copan where the poetry, which includes the frontisstage.) its highest writing reached

... and many others piece, Popular Magic by Ruth Harwood.

Fifty Duplicate Slides for $25

A short written description of each slide will be included.

For slides write direct to...

DEWEY FARNSWORTH The Children's Friend...

4635 Montana St. El Paso, Texas THE CHILDREN'S FRIEND

of Before edition Americas (The "The second of Story Missions Our Edith by The off is press. the be "43Columbus"now Years Security of

Deseretordered from the Book S. Patrick and carries Store—BookcraftIt can Jerry Sain and Service"

If is direct. copyor autographed from an me readers of the September magazine direct) writedesired me Salt to 44 So. Main Lake City

Below the Equator. The issue abounds Jos. E. Kjar, Pres. C. H. Tingey. Secy.

in stories: GoodFer-Nothin'Dog by

Russell Gordon Carter, The Owl That

Wouldn't Try by Ollie James Robertson, Peedree Keeps A Promise by UTAH'S

Alice Whitson Norton, The Stowaway by Eloise J. Jensen, Ticcy's AdvenPIONEER MUSIC COMPAM

ture by Jeanne Smith Tenney, as well Is Proud to Present as the continued story, The Ghost of Their Very Complete

Last Chance by Dorothy Clapp Robinson. Poems, puzzles, games, children's

books, coloring and cutout pages are Sheet Music Department also to be found in this issue of The Our SelfService

Children's Friend. CHORAL LIBRARY

conveniently located in our store to make your selection easy.

The Instructor..

We specialize in Instructor for September HPhe preChurch Music Music—Choral sents picture a cover of George Music for Every Occasion

Goddard, early Sunday School leader, and an accompanying biographical

Prices Begin at $2,850.00 sketch by the late George D. Pyper. The ideal Spinet piano

for the Chapel—the Conference Visitors: Elderof theAlbertTwelveE. writesBowen toof thethe subject:Council

Generation. There It! Make It A Believing EVERETT See are articles concerning the establish- A small Hear It! ment piano with the of sectional Sunday Schools, intone of a Grand

Write for descriptive folder PLAY IT! cludingSunday oneSchoolby C.in CanadianFrank Steele:Colonies.First

Announcement is made in this issue

AT that the centennial Sunday School painting will Arnold Friberg by be BEESLEY MUSIC made available to Sunday Schools in a four color reproduction. Teaching COMPANY 259 South State Street

Salt Lake City helps for November lessons will be 70 So. Main St. Salt Lake City

found in this issue.

SEPTEMBER 1949 607

0WK &MmM"3-

"Speak the Speech"ADDRESSES OF L.DS. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES

Each of us needs to be jerked up sharply every once in a 1 104 24th St., Cor. 24th 6 "C,"San Diego, Calif.

while because of our carelessness in speech. Probably 615 "F"St., Marysville, Calif.

the chief difficulty lies in our unwillingness to open our mouths 1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

and articulate well. As a result the voices drop back into

the caverns of our throats, and meaningless sounds issue forth which our listeners find difficult to unscramble and make into words. To help enunciation, each of us could well speak Darlington, S. C.

the vowels, differentiating between the various sounds of each Gentlemen letter to the the this done, has been add vowel. When m the to articles of give counsel advice youth and which "T'he the closed mouth; and get the of open experience vowels and * them! continue are wonderful. Please Church the off with the try to close the of mouth vowel sound then

articles directed, to these are of those I can one As whom clarity to succinctness will help still open. and This add

appreciated; not only are that me, very by they say much speech.

it. I discussed also others of with have age but whom by my

In every one that I read I find helpful information about things which concern me personally.

Oh, how fortunate and thankful we are for the guidance which this Church affords us!

Provo, Utah Sincerely yours, Vide "They Honor Their Gleaners,"July issue. (s) Walter O. Dixon, Jr.

Dear Editors:

W. M, I. A. officers of Oquirrh Stake deserve high -<$>-

Y. praise for their development of an excellent plan for

stimulating Gleaner activity without the disappointment and THE LIGHT TOUCH heartache accompanying the prevailing system of temporary slighting majority, relative of the exaltation of the few to the to the in Slight Improvement vanity causing discouragement and fostering many the few. It is out of place in any idealistic organization. First Businessman: So you really think your memory is

Of all the many gracious acts I have noticed our grand improving under treatment. You remember things now?"

young M.I.A. girls perform, I place prominently that of one Second Businessman: Well, not exactly, but I have prowho declined the honor of being made "queen"because such gressed so far that I can frequently remember that I have

an appointment placed other girls in an "inferior"position. forgotten something.

That, by the way, happened in Birmingham, England, during the war. Settling the Question

Respectfully yours, I Mr.need Impecunious:some money badly,"I say,andold I man,haven'tI'm thein aslightestterrible ideafix.

(s) Norman Dunn where on earth I'm going to get it from."

Mr. Titewad: "Well, I'm relieved to hear that. I was

afraid that you might have an idea you could borrow it from me."

PLEASANT GREEN WARD, OQUIRRH STAKE No Practice

Below is an interesting photograph of three Master M Men of Wallie: "Gee, Pop, there's a man at the circus who jumps

their wives, Stake, Utah, Oquirrh Magna, Ward, and Green Pleasant slips horse's back, a underneath, on catches tail of its hold all in activities. are very active Gleaners; all ward Golden are who finishes horse's the and neck!"upon right: Beck, Clifford left Mr. Mrs. Mr. to from and and Reading

nothing. "That's I did all that Dad: the first time Bella. I ever Mrs. Mr. photoDale The Openshaw, and and Mrs. Richard

graph was submitted by Mrs. Sarah 0. Bowen, President, Oquirrh rode a horse."

Stake M. I. A.

Umbrellas ReCovered "I saw your advertisement to the effect that you recover umbrellas. I'd like mine recovered."

"Yes, sir; where is it?"

"If I knew that I'd recover it myself."

The Late Train City Man: "I want to get back to New York on as late

a train as possible."

Ticket Agent: "Well, the 10:55 is generally as late as any

of 'em."

Touch and Go "Poor old Jordan tried to borrow five dollars from me today,"the wellto-do husband confessed.

"I hope you were sympathetic,"said his wife.

"Yes, I was touched."

Who's Thankful "Thankful! What have I to be thankful for? I can't pay

bills."my "Then, 'man alive, be thankful you aren't one of the creditors."

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY "'ermit No. 325

'I:

FRAGILE BEAUTYOne of the most beautiful of all native Western trees is the

Quaking Aspen. And yet how fragile its shimmering beautylike some human lives which are easily scarred and quickly

blighted when the going gets rough. Life insurance helps

to preserve the beauty of living after the protector is gone.

If

Ml? George: Albert Smith, Pre* IIASalt Lake City. Utah One of a series of scenes from beautiful "Beneficialand*