In this issue:

Talks given by th General Authorities '$&&$$#& at the lSJkth.

Annual Geyi&rai Conference m: -:..:...j

The Improvement Era - -Get a Superior Education The Y's Way

Brigham Young University is one of the great uniSTUDENTS SHOULD KEEP IN MIND - versities of the world. With 15,500 students it is the 1—Students seeking admission or readmission must

largest institution of higher learning in the Great submit applications with transcripts by Aug. 31, 1964.

Basin and one of the largest churchrelated universities 2—Entering freshmen and transfer students also

in the United States. Its students come from every should include the American College Test score with

state in the nation and 54 foreign countries because application if possible. In any case the test must be

there is "something special"at BYU. On this modern, taken before registration. Contact the University in

well equipped campus they receive academic, physical Provo or BYU Adult Education Centers in your area and spiritual education together in an ideal social for information.

climate. Standards are high but they pay off in the 3—New fees are scheduled to begin autumn semeslong run, for BYU students are in demand over the ter: full time students, Church members, $160 per

nation and are recognized for their balanced edusemester; full time students, nonmembers, $215 per

cation. semester.

BYU offers study in sixty departments of eleven doctor's, confers thecolleges master's and and REMEMBER THESE DATES isbachelor's Also degrees. available a twoyear

certificate in the Technical Institute.

Get your education the Y's way. Plan NOW to Summer School 1st Session June 15

attend. Write the University Relations Division for Summer School 2nd Session July 20

information. Application deadline Aug. 31

cup AND MA]L New Student Orientation Sept. 1516

New Student Registration Sept. 17

TO: University Relations Division Registration, all others Sept. 1819

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah Classes begin Sept. 21

Please send me more information about BYU. 1 am especially interested in Brigham Young

NAME

ADDRESS UNIVERSITY

CITY STATE These men of integrity invite you to entrust your banking needs Exploring to their care...

the Universe THE DIRECTORS OF ZIONS FIRST NATIONAL BANK:

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

H. BENNETT HAROLD J. BADGER ASHBY P. BACKMAN B. C. GUS AABERG LELAND W. ERIC ADAMS ORVAL

Department President, ZCMI Manager, Vice FLINTChairman President Secretary, and Executive Board and General the President Chairman Vice American Store. and of President Board; City the Lake States Chamber Saltof OilRegional President,of Zions Mountain Company former Manager,

Hotel Company; Utah Co. Commerce. National First Bank. Telephone & Telegraph

Flint Distributing PresiCo dent,

EMULSIONS MAKE SENSITIVE

FILM A new photographic film has been

B. A. LEE HAROLD B. E. CARLESON KENNEDY exposure HATCH WALKER FRED Has an JOSEPH HUGH BROWN whichproduced

Council of the. Liberty Partner, President.EASTMAN Fuel Member, Fred A. J, Utah and President, Sand Senior First of the Member, JR. BERNOLFO,

of Corporation. Twelve, Gravel Products Church Co. 100million, Jesus Carleson Company. of 1 to of comPresidency,capability Church Bamof Saints. Christ Latterday InvestmentDirector, films Saints. and Jday which to ordinarypared are ManagingbergerExploration Company,

about 1 to 1000. Edgerton, Germeshausen, and Grier, Inc. for this black

and white film has combined three different emulsions resembling color reversal film, except that each sensitivity layer is sensitive to all colors.

The film can take pictures of the w*J m i M sun and show sun spots and on the

D. S. W. RICHARDS MULOCK HENRY CHARLES FRED P. FRANCIS A. MADSEN LLOYD DONALD the picture andnext Granite show moon President, M anager, President, United Acting EDWARDE. 0.0.MuirMUIRComFormer Furniture President Vice Executive MICHAELSON

Furniture Company Refining pany. Smelting, States President,Company. Madsen AsGeneral Manager. and Mining, Vice President expotheits craters with same Company. Mining and Stores. Food Corporasociated Copperof Kennecott

sure setting.

Mi. vktmm m R. DELBERT H. SMITH L STAPLEY VIRGIL SMITH SIMMONS S.MmSAYRE ROY W. FIELDING JUDSON WILLARD JOSEPH

of Council Di the Beneficial Vice Lockhart Executive President, Former Norge Chairman The SMITH

Co. of Church Savings Jesus PresiBank President,Insurance Life Twelve,Member, Corporavision, Zions ofWarnerthe Borg Company. President,

of Saints. Christ Latterday a tion. "d Trusl Company. of ofJesusthe dent, ChurchCouncil Twelve,

Christ of Latterday Saints.

They invite you to open a checking and savings account

ASTRONOMERS REVISE... apply for a loan.

MEASURES The accepted values of two astronomical quantities have been revised recently. The distance from Salt Lake City, Utah: ZIONSthe sun to the center of the galaxy Headquarters - 70 East South Temple

has been revised upwards from 8.2 102 South Main 235 South Main

to 10.0 kiloparsecs. A parsec is thedistance light can travel in 3.26. 450 South 2nd West FIRST

years, or 19.2 trillion miles. The 7th East & 4th South Cottonwood Mall

velocity of rotation of our own sun 8th West & 21st South Reams in the galaxy has been revised upNATIONAL ward to 155 miles an hour.

The name you can BANKMEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

JUNE 1964 433 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for June 1964 Volume 67, Number 6

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

The Editor's Page: What a Person Does Practically Believe Determines 440Art Direction:Art: Ed MaryonRalph Reynolds

His Character, President David O. McKay - 444 448 Art:Photo:DaleBoyartKilbourn

450 Art: Jerry Thompson

Wilkinson Art: Ron

Art:Your Question: Tithing—the Law of the Tenth, 453530531 Virginia Sargent with

President Joseph Fielding Smith 446 drinnpaintings by Rembrandt, MonPaul H. Dunn, Our Newest General Authority, William E. Berrett 448 539540 Photos:Photos: LorinSybil Wiggins,Shelton, MaxH. TharpeArmGeneral Conference Addresses—456522 542 Photos:strong Roberts,Lorry Rytting,KeystoneMax Tharpe,

Max Tharpe, Max Tharpe, What a Person Does Practically Believe Determines His Character, 544 Photos:MaxErnst RookWittke

President David O. McKay 444 546 Photos: Bahnsen, Ernst Wittke,

Max Tharpe "They Call for New Light,"President Hugh B. Brown...457 548 Photos:Wiggins, MauriceUnknown Scanlon, Lorin

The Heavens Are Open, Nathan Eldon Tanner.459 550 BethPhotos:BensonLorin Wiggins, Max Tharpe,

Chastity—Fundamental to Our Civilization, 552 Art: Ed Maryon

President Joseph Fielding Smith.....462 All otherStudioart and photos: Ralph Reynolds

General Conference Index, 436; The Church Moves On, 436; Melchizedek Priesthood, 526;

Presiding Bishopric's Page, 528.

Special Features

MIA June Conference, Maxine T. Shoppe 442

Teaching: To Live with Heroes, Kenneth W. Godfrey.452

Genealogy: Pedigree Referral Service 454

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 522, 524, 534, 536

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 433; Letters and Reports, 438; These Times: housingInformationaccommodationson reservationswhilefor

The New Immigrants, Ourselves, Dr. G. Homer Durham, 440. obtainedattending bythecontactingWorld's Fair may be

Ernest H. Weimer,

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor 8452LDS World's63rd AvenueFair Housing Center

Something Old Something New 530 RegoNew YorkPark, 11379

The Era of Youth "Learn of Me"539

The Last Word 552

Stories, Poetry The Boy on the Bus, Harriet B. Shatraw 450

Poetry 447, 461, 463, 475, 478, 480, 493, 524, 535, 538

THE COVER Angel Arch, one of the most spectacular yet leastknown of the many natural arches in Southern Utah,

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah Theis theformationsubject ofto thisthe month'sright of cover.the

arch bears a striking resemblance to a in girl a with long angel Editor; gown, Editors; Editor; O. Evans, L. Green, Associate David Richard Managing Managing Josephson, and Zobell, Doyle Albert Marba McKay

B. Editorial Associates; Hicgins, Editor; Editor; Fillmore, FlorenceC. Today's Carter Pinnock, Becki Family hair MarionL. head. lowered Donna cut and The littleDutch

Direction: Editor; Studio. Associate Art Editor; E.ElaineGrant,L. Youth Reynolds Cannon, Ralph ResearchThe Era Youth Era of of The transparency from Ektachrome D. Hanks,Jr., 4x5

S. Editors. Sperry, A. Gardiner, Harris, G. Contributing Nibley, B. Sidney Durham, Franklin Alma Homer Hugh plates the were cover which made

S. G. F. General Smith, A. Manager; General Associate Subscription Business Carlos Scott, Jacobsen, Snarr, Manager; Manager; Jr.,Florence Verl Jr., Glen Photographer Salt Lake taken was by

Director; Director. Advertising Evans, Thayer is situated Arch Al Morton. Angel

of Salt tributary Creek Canyon, Copyright Inc., 1964 published Funds, Associations Improvement by Mutual of The and Church by the Mutual

far area in Needles the from reserved. in Subscription price, year, $3.00 a $8.25; advance; multiple subscriptions, S5.75; 3 years, 2 years,

National eachofsucceedingJesus Christyear,of Latterday$2.50 a yearSaints.addedAll torightsthe thenotin a proposed Canyonlands three price. year

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act Park. It is presently accessible

of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. only by foot, horseback, jeep, or

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c similar vehicle.

a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Thirty changesdays'cannotnoticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretLithographedNews Pressin full color

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i THE FALLACY by Alvin R. Dyer

Already on the way to becoming an LDS best seller, The Fallacy compares the doctrines of two churches... The

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and the Reorganized Church.

A volume of penentrating insight.

$2.95

-'"ZZZm*mid 2. WHAT DO I DO &R* TAFTKe*f:-.

NOW? by Barbara T. Jacobs and

Dorothy Bowen An exciting "howto"LIBERTY book for teens with; OUT OF

questions. and Candid BEST THE I casual to probanswers BOOKS | \

lems that the family

will sharing! Ideal enjoy

for workers the MIA W *** A(H>/ia9M'r *'and every parent.

$3.50 TITLE OF LIBERTY by Ezra Tift Benson

Another provocative volume by Elder Benson that sounds a startling note

Secretary of of addresses the former by is a compilation of warning! Here 3. THE NATIVE C7l socialism. creeping and a favorite Agriculture on theme: communism BLOOD

by Albert R. Lyman $3.50

with Here is fiction v. Hooie by *w

flavor! fascinating penhas now A BUOOD THEThe authorARTofOFThe TEACHINGArt of Homemaking,CHILDRENan LDS best seller,

delightful novel with a ned another volume of inspiration and practical, experiencetested advice.

Southern Utah setting The Art of Teaching Children is for every parent.

that deals with $3.95

thoroughbreds, both OUT OF THE BEST BOOKS - AN ANTHOLOGY OF

Indians and horses. Full LITERATURE, Volume 1 (The Individual and Human Values)

of surprises and susby Bruce B. Clark and Robert K. Thomas

first literature that of everyreach puts within the in a series on world pense. A book that you The as figures. Relief Society literary Selected by the of famous one the works

will live while reading! the reading course for the next two years. (Over 480 interesting pages of

$1.95 informative reading.) (Publication date approximately Aug. 15) $2.95

wirw

MAIL ORDERS ORDER FROM:

Deseret Book Company, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Please send me the following books numbered: 1 2 3 4 5 6.

Enclosed please find money order check [] I have an account, please charge Q. tteomtCOMPANY Book Amount enclosed. $ -—

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL

SALT LAKE CITY 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

City. Zip. State

Residents of Utah Include 3'/2% sales tax.

ERA JUNE 1964 SPEAKERS

Benson, Ezra Taft 503 Brockbank, Bernard P 499 457, 482Brown, Hugh B 494 The Church VictorBrown, L

Burton, Theodore M. 488

Critchlow, William J., Jr 473

489Dyer, Alvin R 507 Moves RichardEvans, L

Hinckley, Gordon B 477 Hunter, Howard Isaacson, Thorpe B W 475500 On 496Kimball, Spencer Lee, Harold B W 469 Longden, John 502 McConkie, Bruce R, 471 McKay, David 444, 484, 518 Monson, Thomas S 508 Packer, Boyd K 491 Petersen, Mark E. 467 APRIL 1964

Richards, Franklin D. 484

Romney, Marion G 505 Sill,Simpson,SterlingRobertW. L 465486 Some 188 television stations and numerous radio and short493Smith, Eldred G 462 wave stations broadcast part or in full the conference sessions. FieldingSmith, Joseph

Stapley, Delbert L. 510 Early this morning a church welfare meeting was held on

Tanner, Eldon 459, Nathan 480 Temple Square. 493Taylor, Henry D

Tuttle, A. Theodore

Vandenberg, John H 463478 The priesthood session this evening, where President McKay presided and conducted, was held in the Tabernacle, with the proceedings carried to 410 other priesthood gatherings in the United

SUBJECTS States and Canada. It is estimated that some 86,000 priesthood

bearers were thus in attendance.

Baptism 488 It was announced that Elder T. Quentin Cannon of Salt Lake

Bible Book of Mormon 459, 459467 City had been appointed to the general board of the Young Men's 462, 482, 484Chastity Association. Mutual Improvement

469Church activity announced It was that Mrs. Ora C. Murdoch, Mrs. Dorothy K. 484Cleanliness

Divorce.444 482 Keddington, both of Salt Lake City, and Mrs. Klea E. Worsley ofDuty

Eternity 473, 507 Provo, Utah, had been appointed to the general board of the Young 508Faith Family 486, 491 Women's Mutual Improvement Association.

Fatherhood 486 Returned missionary groups held their semiannual reunionsFree agency 507

God's image 457 this evening throughout Salt Lake City.

Gospel 473, 484 Jesus Christ 496, 502, 503 471Joseph Smith 500 The one hundred thirtyfourth annual general conference con465,Judgment 510 ofKingdom President in the tinued Tabernacle. God presided and McKay

508Missionary 463, 467, 477, 484, 503, work this while President morning and presided N. Eldon 500 conductedMoral courage

Morality 444, 484 491 Tanner conducted this afternoon.Motherhood

Politics 500 In the basement of the Assembly Hall on Temple Square

Praver 493 50S twenty volunteer translators work during the conference sessions 48 6*. 494 Priesthood'".'.".'.'".'.473,! 478, 480, 482, 484,'

Profanity 493 simultaneously translating the addresses into Dutch, German, and

Prophecies 502 Prophets 484 Spanish, which words they speak into microphones and church

Rededication 469 467 leaders, about fifty of them, wearing earphones, are delighted to Reformation

Repentance 462, 488, 489 hear the messages in their own tongues, as they sit in the TaberResponsibility 518

Resurrection 488, 503 nacle. This work is under the direction of Theodore Mebius. SimulRevelation 459, 477, 505

Sacrifice 488 taneous translation in these languages is also made on the shortwave

Salvation for the dead 459, 488 transmitters near Boston of Radio WRUL.

496Satan Scriptures 499 Presiding Bishop John H. Vandenberg was among the speakers

463 South America Theological 467 at the semiannual conference of the Deseret Sunday School Union questions 457,

Tithing 475 this evening in the Tabernacle.

Word of Wisdom 444 World's Fair 499, 507 Youth 478, 480, 482, 484, 486, 494 Elder Paul H. Dunn was sustained as a member of the First

Council of the Seventy at the morning session of general conference as the General Authorities and Officers of the Church were sustained. President Dunn has been serving as coordinator

speak. did not of the brethren They Some NOTE: fills a vacancy that has existed in the of of California institutes. He the of Richards include: Council Elder LeGrand

the Twelve; Elders Alma Sonne and EIRay L. ChrisFirst Council since the passing of President Levi Edgar Young last

tiansen, Assistants to the Presidents Twelve; Antoine Hunter, December 13. President McKay presided and conducted at the R. S. Dilworth R. Ivins, Milton Young,

D. Marion Hanks, H. and Paul Dunn

Council of the Seventy. young Two menof whothe Firsthold morning session; he presided and President Brown conducted durthe Aaronic Priesthood, Teacher Ronald G. Plumb of ing the afternoon. Thus ended the spiritual feast that always

(California) Studio Burbank City Ward, Stake, and attends general conference. Falls Twentyeighth Priest Douglas of the Idaho Cowie

Stake, Saturthe addressed Ward, South Idaho Falls will The membership of the Church as of December 31, 1963 was talks session. priesthood evening These day two

appear in the Conference Report. announced today as 2,117,451. (Continued on page 536)

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now, for the first time in an indexed reference book, read what Presidents of the Church and other General

Authorities have said about such timely subjects as communism, the American way of life, the danger of creeping socialism, the status of government in the last days, and many other questions and issues which now face the nation and the world. Extremely well documented, this outstanding new book is

filled with prophetic statements that

will greater give understanding you a WILFORI in of the times troubled; l W(K)nKl which we$4.95live.,

MATTHipco*'

An important reprint of one of the most soughtafter biographical accounts of a prophet of the Lord.

Excellent reading for those who thrill to adventure and those who would become inspired by the spiritual happenings of a man who became the fourth prophet of the Restored Church.

$4.50

This interesting book takes you from premortal life through death and into the spirit world, beautifully and comfortingly explaining the eventuality we know as death. Punctuated throughout

by quotations from leading church authorities, this book also has several complete sermons on the subject of death—including one by the prophet

Joseph Smith. $3.50

STORIES OF OF JESUS F LDS CHILDREN

FOR LDS CHILDREN A new approach to Bible reading for young members of the Church. Printed

in two colors and richly illustrated throughout, the story of Jesus and other bible personalities seem to come to life for the young reader, giving him a new concept and understanding of the Savior and his mission. $2.25

MAIL OR FRi iiAlVilWimlwNMi:Iiii];taaii]MHH

Bookcraft 6-64 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

Please send me the following circled books for which I enclose check or money order for $ 12 3 4 Name

Address.

City.... State. Zip.

JUNE 1964 437 What Postum Letters gives and Reports

i s:: 'i ': - 'i I f- 1 |::f': 3 wsr?: >::.-.::-:.::?i.::::: Instant

1 ""a hi L tv*4 | 'jjj '"'rH X JB m Jt C E R E*A E V E R A G Er-H Bui '*""Jf wj|

jflgjjll No Caffeinj hL fs flfl j* H i. JH '.-* ssIS

R \ mm

RANKS HIGH

The high priest group of the Eighteenth Williams, Garth S. Pincock, George E.

Ward, North Idaho Falls (Idaho) Stake, Quinton, Gary Connell; middle row, Cecil

had 97 percent attendance at priesthood F. Wright, Earl R. Davenport, O. Gene

meeting during a ten month period, and Goodwin, E. LaVell Goodwin, Victor H.

92 percent at Sacrament meeting. PicVansickle, Donald J. Oler; back row,

tured are (1-r) front row, James F. ChandLeRoy C. White, E. Lloyd Ricks, Richard

ler, Bishop Earl E. Bagley, William J. R. Davis, and Cecil M. Hymas.

that TEMPLE INTERIOR PHOTOGRAPHS IN OLD ERAS caffein It has often been said that every copy of an old Era should find a happy home in some ward, seminary, or public library. Over the years The

can't severalImprovementissues Erawithhas,interiorthroughphotographsthe courtesyofofLDSthe Firsttemples.Presidency,These printedissues

have been extremely popular and have soon been completely sold out with the exception of May 1964 which is currently available. However,

Made with pure, energyfood the previous copies must be in the Church somewhere, being treasured ingredients, Postum gives by individuals, or in libraries which are available to the Saints.

Here is a list of some of the former Eras that have temple interiors: you a natural lift—without

caffein. You can drink April 1936 Salt Lake Temple black and white

all you like. AprilApril 19371953 SaltKirtlandLakeTempleTemple blackblack andand whitewhite

If you haven't tried Salt Lake Temple black and white (The illustrations here were repeated from the April 1937 Era.)

Instant Postum lately, November 1955 Swiss Temple black and white you're missing a Los Angeles Temple full color satisfying, bracing drink. AprilOctober19561958 LosLondonAngelesTempleTemple blackblack andand whitewhite

You'll enjoy its natural lift. August 1962 Alberta Temple full color

October 1962 St. George Temple full color

The Natural Lift May 1964 Salt Lake Temple full color

Send name and address for ArizonaLos AngelesTempleTemple fullfull colorcolor free Postum recipes to: Manti Temple full color

Postum Recipes, Box 1040, OaklandIdaho FallsTempleTemple(exterior) fullfull colorcolor

Kankakee, Illinois.

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corporation.

438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Baldwin MUSIC FOR WORSHIP h

Weber Heights Stake Center, Ogden, Utah Kieth W. Wilcox, stake president, served also as architect

for the new Weber Heights Stake Center in Ogden, Utah.

The $600,000 building includes a chapel, a cultural center with stage facilities and seating for 500, 22 classrooms and a gymnasium. Providing music in the chapel are a new

Model 11 threemanual Baldwin Organ and a Model 63

Baldwin Grand Piano. A Baldwinbuilt Orgasonic spinet

organ is located in the junior Sunday school. The fine

Baldwin instruments at Weber Heights Stake Center are Baldwin Piano & Organ Company typical of the hundreds of Baldwin Pianos and Organs 1801 Gilbert Ave., (Dept. IE 6-64)

purchased in the past few years by the Church of Jesus Cincinnati, Ohio 45202

Christ of Latter Day Saints throughout the country. Check the product information desired:

There is a Baldwin instrument just right for the needs of New Model 11 threemanual Baldwin Organ

New twomanual Baldwin Organyour church, too, whatever they may be. Write Baldwin for

more information today or use the convenient coupon Pianos for church and school use

NAME Official Piano and Organ, CHURCHNew York World's Fair, 196465 BALDWIN ADDRESSJUNE 1964 439

A gift from us

The New

Immigrants, Ourselves

THESE TIMES

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University, Tempe

The 15 Mormon Temples beautifully printed in fullcolor.

YOURS FREE FOR JOINING THE LDS BOOKS CLUB On the back of each picture is a brief history of the temple and the area in which it was built.

CHOOSE YOUR FIRST SELECTION FROM

THESE FINE BOOKS:

1. WILFORD WOODRUFF

by Matthias F. Cowley $4.50

2. PROPHECY, KEY TO THE FUTURE

by Duane Crowther $3.95

DOCTRINES OF SALVATION

3. VOL.! 4. VOL. II This changing world is changing be the largest employer in the dis-

5. VOL. Ill more rapidly than any of us knows. trict. You know that the factory

compiled by Bruce R. McConkie $3.50 ea. Consequently, most of us, without manufactures or even "grows"crys-

6. LAW OF THE HARVEST going anywhere, are as if we were tals, effects diodes, and semicon-

by Sterling W. Sill $3.50 immigrants in a strange new counductors. You may have heard talk

try. As new immigrants we go about of film deposits of tantalum and

our daily routines. Unless we are other metals in extremely thin

so millionths thin as of in layers, perceptive four unusually or working Books ClubJnc.LDS students, school high of a fantastic the midst an inch. Young new enterCITY, UTAH 84101 P. 0. BOX 400 - SALT LAKE

prise, our outlook is probably the preparing for a science fair, can exPlease send me as my first selection, the outlook of ten, twenty, or more years plain more. So far, they are fairly

following circled books for which I enclose ago, depending on our age and kind to their young parents, who or a check money order for the regular situation. of course, in the hear, exlive not "horse and Dimly we see,

retail of price $ in age,"the phrases, buggy dynaflow but phenomena. perience new 12 3 4 5 6 Unlike the immigrants of the nineof 1948, but have not yet appreage

start a sending Enroll as and member me century, ciated teenth semiconductors have sounds the language what decide I can so review monthly me the the old Yet, in are familiar. done to and vacuum tube; we hear many

I dethe or book choice not want whether scribed. I hereby agree to purchase a respects, the human being of today whose appreciation of automotive

minimum of 4 Books Club selections or inhabits a world of reality less common stocks probably surpasses alternates during the next 12 months at familiar to him than the world, let their understanding as to why the regular advertised price. I may resign us say, that New York was to a newXerox and Control Data have skyat any time after buying four books. For comer from Italy in 1890. rocketed. If any or all of the forego-

4 books each able bonus bookI accept,free—I willa savingsreceive ofa valu20%. thingsConsiderin contemporary,a few commonplaceindustrialreader,ing paragraphmay I isagainunintelligiblewelcometoyou,the

NAME urban life: fellow immigrant, to the world you

ADDRESS 1. Semiconductors. Your neighhave been inhabiting this past

CITY bor works in a big factory. It may decade. Be grateful that only semiSTATE ZIP

440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Plan now for your trip to Europe:

For free facts about a sea trip conductors introduced the paragraph, and that there was nomention of liquid nitrogen cold traps, on the giant Cunard Queens, infrared spectrophotometers, theranalyzers, bridge gas or modularmal laser enermail coupon below. systems providing energy

gies from 1 to 25 kilojoules. Incidentally, if you are in the market, I Crossing to Europe on the

know where you can purchase a new world's largest superliners, atomic absorption spectrophotometer the Queen Elizabeth or the for easy analysis of metallic trace Queen Mary, you have five precious elements, not to mention all kinds of days to relax, get in some exercise oldfashioned electrometer ampliand get to know interesting people.

fiers with differential input, which You enjoy superb international meals are very useful for the measureand courteous British service. Read

ment of solution conductivity or on, and mail coupon today.

sweep times of minority carriers in Last year Cunard carried more semiconductors and are also benepassengers across the Atlantic than ficial in studies of piezoelectrics any other shipping line. Most travand ion currents. eled on those noble ocean giants,

2. Fortran. How many of you the Queen Elizabeth and the Queen

can read, write, or translate "FortMary. And for good reasons.

of everran"? heard you Or have

First off, these liners are British.

is synthetic Fortran aFortran?

language designed, developed, and Thus you are assured of inborn seaof care tender the and manship of the largest manuoneowned by is service an honstewards to whom socalled offacturers computers. As R.M.S. Queen Mary, 81,237 tons

such it has become part of the lanorable word.

guage of modern industry and manHere is how one Cunard passenFrom New York: the Queens offer

agement. The check you wrote ger puts it: "The typical British weekly express service to France

today for the milk bill undoubtedly steward takes a positive (and wholly and England. You can also sail from

looks like the check your father admirable) pride in the excellence New York to Ireland, England, or wrote in 1934. With one exception: of his work and in adding accomFrance on the Mauretania or to Ireyours has some interesting numplishment to accomplishment, proland and England on the Sylvania.

bers that resemble Arabic l's, 2's, fessionally."Many of these stewards From Canada: take advantage of

3's, and 4's, blended slightly with come from families with generations low rates aboard Cunard's Carinthia, the configurations of a Greek or in Cunard service. Carmania and Franconia, sailing

Russian alphabet. Automation and Strike up friendships from Montreal and Quebec to Irish,

cybernetics, as well as cryogenics Another advantage of sea travel on English, French and Dutch ports.

and hydromagnetics, have enveloped the Queens is the chance to meet Cunard Cruises: Cunard has a

our world. Fortran is also part of and get to know interesting people. cruise to fit your budget and your

this same world and one of the keys On the world's largest superliners, schedule: To the West Indies, 5 to

to its management. Again, wellasting friendships spring up easily. 20 days; to the Mediterranean, 31 to

come, immigrants! This is why Cunard passengers 56 days; to the North Cape, 45 days;

3. Food. The revolution in foodagree: "Getting there is half the fun."around the world, 95 days.

handling and processing is evident in every shopping center. We will For full details, see your travel agent and mail the coupon below.

of know,never most us, what inchines, '964 "1 part by what powered instruma- r Please send me details, including 4-color brochure on:semiconductors, and whose

mentation was guided by a pro- 1. Cunard travel to Europe. I am interested in sailing

grammer using Fortran, husked the First Class, Cabin, Tourist tonight. kernelscorn whose we eat

stalks 2. Cunard Cruises: to the West Indies, green on tall, still growsCorn

, to the North Cape,with tassels, I am told. But to most to the Mediterranean

of us it comes from a freezer in a around the world polyethylene bag, ready for instant serving. Name- (PLEASE PRINT PLAINLY)

If you find you are "keyedup,"that your neighbors seem "edgy,"Addressit is like immibecauseperhaps new

City.Zone Statein living are a strangegrants, we

new world, all of us. The name of my travel agent isMail this coupon to Cunard Line, 210 Post St., San Francisco EX 2-1307.

l.

JUNE 1964 441 Not by trial and error, but by sysgeneral theme "Show the Way Through MIA,"the tematic inspired programing, the camp will be set up under the theme of "The Greatest youth of the Church will be led. Show on Earth."Camp directors and supervisors

MIA leaders from throughout the will wear the proverbial straw hats, striped vests, world will again gather at June conand canes. Booths represent the skills of camping

ference in Salt Lake City, June 12, 13, that will be taught in the atmosphere of the MIA midand 14. Here they will receive instrucway. As in the past, YW camp precedes the regular

tion pertinent to the fulfilment of conference by one day and is an allday affair filled spiritualized recreation for the memwith exciting things to do and learn. It will begin

bership of the Church. at 8 am Thursday, June 11 in a nearby location.

The intent is to "Show the Way"youth may find The premier of the New York World's Fair will be joy in participating in the multitude of activities given to Master M MenGolden Gleaners as they planned for their cultural and spiritual growth. Festicome to the annual banquet Thursday, June 11 in the

vals that have always characterized June conference spacious University of Utah Union Building.

will this year hit a new peak. Two thousand singers Reservations at $3 per person should be made with

representing the stakes of the Church will line the the YWMIA General Offices, 135 South State Street, balcony of the Tabernacle and will be accompanied Salt Lake City, Utah.

by a one hundred piece youth symphony orchestra. The young men of the Church are constantly buildThe selections range from LDS hymns to the delighting and creating. Some of their outstanding projects

ful works of Mendelssohn. Three performances will will be seen at the annual Explorado on the University

give opportunity for 15,000 youth leaders to hear and of Utah campus Friday and Saturday from 4 pm to see what can be done in their own wards and stakes. 8 pm. Parents, friends, and tourists, as well as MIA

It is also open to the public. leaders will find pleasure in attending this exhibit.

During the 196364 MIA year, there were over The festivals are always a special treat for confer100,000 young people participating in one way or anence visitors, but the prime purpose of June conference other in the drama program of the Church. A mamis to instruct MIA leaders in the best ways and means

moth drama festival has been programed for June to implement the coming year's work. The June

conference. Eight full length plays have been selected conference program includes (1) the early morning

from the more than one hundred stakes registering colorful reception on Temple Square which opens the a desire to participate in the allchurch June conferconference on Friday, June 12; (2) the presentation

ence festival. The festival will be open to the public of the annual spiritual theme at 9:30 am; (3) the

and to the MIA leaders and their families who are presentation of the dramatic "House Talk,"which attending conference. Plays will be given in four gives a vivid musical description of parent and youth

theaters, at Highland High School, West High School, relationship; (4) the allday Saturday MIA departand Pioneer Memorial Theater and Kingsbury Hall on mental sessions offering specific instruction to leaders;

University of Utah campus. A small charge of fifty and (5) the general session in the Tabernacle Sunday

cents is being made, advance reservations are urged. morning conducted by the General Authorities, which

YW Camp Day has always been an integral part gives added inspiration and blessings to the great of MIA June conference. This year, to tie with the worldwide MIA program.

MIA JUNE CONFERENCE

BY MAXINE T. SHOPPE.

MEMBER YWMIA GENERAL BOARD

442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For Sale...

LOTS OF OPPORTUNITY Silver Creek Estates

tf%&M f

Good Timing is mighty important when you buy time goes on, because later you can subdivide a piece of land... whether you're buying as an your property into 5 or 6 Westernsize homeinvestment or for your own home. At beautiful sites for resale at what should be a handsome

Silver Creek Estates, the time to buy is NOW! profit. And, right now, you need only 10% down

Already a perfect locale for sunshiny, country with ten years to pay the unpaid balance at only living... your Silver Creek Estate tract will 6% simple interest. No wonder Silver Creek

become even more desirable and valuable as Estates tracts are called "Lots of Opportunity!"

NATURAL BEAUTYCONVENIENT Priced as $5000 $500 $50

LOCATION low as Just 25 expressway miles from downtown Salt $6750 $675 down $b7 s*month

Lake City, Silver Creek Estates offers a variety of beautiful homesites, each with a sweeping view in all directions. And the beauty is protected by architectural regulations and protective

covenants.

OUT OF THE SMOKE AND FOG At Silver Creek Estates, you're away from the irritating winter "smog"and out of the blistering summer heat of the city. No industrial fumes,

just clean, crisp air; bright, sparkling sunshine.

A NATURAL "GROWTH"AREA Because of the intense pressures of Salt Lake in tracts Unit - - 10acre left Only C a few City the expansion, Provo population Ogden tracts in to size acres.) (Unit vary 5 17 from V for desirable residential development demand electric gas, all service water are telephone Natural power, and

will greater greater. areas be its conand With rights available. well included. nearby are Water Crowned, and

venient location and its many physical attracfraded roads are extended to each tract. No closing cost. No

tions, Silver Creek Estates should prove to be a idden charges. You get Title Insurance Policy and Special

new suburb of Salt Lake City in the nottoo- Warranty Deed when contract is paid up.

distant 80 the new Highway future. When FreeSEND COUPON FOR FREE LITERATURE Silver accessibility is completed, to beautiful way

Creek Estates will be even more convenient. To: Project Manager

ABUNDANT RECREATION FACILITIES P.O.SilverBoxCreek1537,RanchSalt CorporationLake City, Utah

Name your favorite recreation, and you'll find it close to Silver Creek Estates... hunting, fishing, camping, hiking, golfing, waterskiing, boating, horseback riding, skiing and more!

Zone. State.

Drive up Parley's Canyon (U.S. 40) to Silver Creek

Estates Office, at Silver Creek Junction and personally inspect this property... or PHONE: Salt Lake City 3636100.

SILVER CREEK ESTATES SILVER CREEK JUNCTION

JUNE 1964 443 WHAT A PERSON DOES PRACTICALLY BELIEVE

Many years ago there was a story told in one of the relation of man's appetite to health and vigor. A

our early schoolbooks about some young people who person's reaction to his appetites and impulses when were sailing down the river towards Niagara Falls. they are aroused gives the measure of that person's

A man on the shore cried out to them: "Young men, character. In such reactions are revealed the man's

Ahoy, the rapids are below you!"power to govern or his forced servility to yield. That

But they heeded not his warning call until they phase of the Word of Wisdom, therefore, which refers realized too late that they were in the midst of the to intoxicants, drugs, and stimulants, goes deeper than rapids. With all the power at their command they the ill effects upon the body and strikes at the very

failed to turn their boat upstream. "So,"said the man root of character building itself.

who tried to warn them, "shrieking and cursing, over The revelation says that strong drinks and tobacco they went."are not good for man. This is a clear, definite stateThe lesson left an indelible impression upon me; ment which has stood the test of well over a century.

but today it seems incomplete. It is one thing to It was made by a man only twentyseven years of

stand on the shore and cry, "Young men, Ahoy, there age, who from the standpoint of human learning, is danger ahead,"and it is another thing to row into knew but little about physiology, hygiene, or the the stream, and, if possible, get into the boat with relation of mind and body to character and spiritualthe young men, and by companionship, by persuaity. His knowledge came from inspiration. With a

sion, by legitimate force, when necessary, turn the conviction unwavering, with an assurance that the boat from the rapids. Too many of us are satisfied statement would stand all tests and experiments,

j5kssafaf& do his Com

to stand on the shore and cry, "There is danger ahead."he declared that strong drinks and tobacco, excepting

This morning I have in mind giving a warning to only when used externally, are not good for man.

all young people relating to three dangers threatening During the last one hundred years, the marvelous the success and happiness of youth: advance of science has made it possible for man to

First, the pernicious habit of smoking cigarets. determine by experiments the ill effect of intoxicants

Second, the increasing number of divorces. and drugs upon the nerves and tissues of the human

Third, the tendency to hold less sacred the moral body. Observation and experiment have demonstandards. strated their effects upon character. All such experiOne hundred and thirtyone years ago the Prophet ments and observations have but proved the truth

Joseph received a revelation "... showing forth the of the young man's statement: "Strong drinks and

order and. will of God in the temporal salvation of tobacco are not good for man."

all saints in the last days."(D&C 89:2.) It relates Respect for another's rights and property is fundato the physical, the intellectual, the moral, and the mental in good government. It is a mark of refinespiritual nature of man. It deals particularly with ment in any individual; it is a fundamental Christian

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DETERMINES HIS CHARACTER

virtue. Nicotine seems to dull, if not to kill com- "A special government scientific team Saturday

pletely this trait of true culture, and women unforlinked cigarette smoking to five forms of cancer, and tunately have become its pitiable victims and the termed the habit a health hazard which needs 'approworst offenders in society. There are still a few priate remedial action.'"This longawaited report by

public conveyances that carry nonsmoking compartten scientists and physicians declared that a series ments; a few eating places with signs, "No Smoking."of studies showed that "the mortality ratio of cigarette

In violation of such placards, it is not infrequent, smokers over nonsmokers was particularly high for however, to see a woman with utter disregard for the a number of diseases."

feelings of her fellow passengers, among the first in I appeal to young men and women everywhere to an airplane or on a train to light a cigaret. refrain from this obnoxious habit, not only for the

Many public buildings are often littered with effect it has on their character, but also because of burntout matches and stubs of cigarets and cigars. the alarming proofs from doctors and scientists that

Many costly fires in hotels, apartment houses, and it is one of the chief causes of cancer.

homes are started by burning cigarets carelessly dropped or thrown aside. Another threat to our society is the increasing numIf men and women must smoke, and it seems that ber of divorces and the tendency to look upon marmany are now slaves to that habit, then for the sake riage as a mere contract that may be severed at the

of cleanliness and neatness, as well as of considerafirst difficulty or misunderstanding that may arise.

tion for others, let them refrain from marring furniOne of our most precious possessions is our families. The domestic relations precede, and, in our

present existence, are worth more than all other

HIS BY ADDRESS PERMISSION OF PRESIDENT OPENING MC KAY, WE USE social ties. They give the first throb to the heart

EDITORS'S PAGE. CONFERENCE GENERAL THE FOR THE I34TH ANNUAL AT

and unseal the deep fountains of its love. Home is

the chief school of human virtues. Its responsibilities,

joys, sorrows, smiles, tears, hopes, and solicitudes form the chief interests of human life.

"To make a happy fireside clime THE EDITORS PAGE /BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

To weans and wife, That's the true pathos and sublime ture, carpets, etc., and from strewing ashes and O'human life."—Robert Burns

cigaret stubs in buildings where people assemble either for pleasure or instruction. When one puts business or pleasure above his

But aside from all this, science has now proved home, he that moment starts on the downgrade to that there is a far greater danger associated with soulweakness. When the club becomes more attraccigaret smoking. tive to any man than his home, it is time for him to

Dr. George James, Health Commissioner of New confess in bitter shame that he has failed to measure

York City, said on March 17, 1964 that he "knows up to the supreme opportunity of his life and flunked that within the next six months one thousand cigarette in the final test of true manhood. No other success

smokers in New York will die of lung cancer, throat can compensate for failure in the home. The poorest

cancer, and other diseases because of their toshack in which love prevails over a united family is bacco habit."of greater value to God and future humanity than any

On Saturday, January 11, 1964, newspapers throughother riches. In such a home God can work miracles

out the country published the following statement: and will work miracles. (Continued on page 520)

JUNE 1964 445 TITHING -THE LAW OF THE TENTH

question: "I have heard so many straight explanation. I suggest that

explanations about the paying of you prepare an article including examples of how people in uniquetithing that I am confused. I have

situations, such as the farmer, salesread everything I could lay my man, barber, and others should YOUR hands on, but have never found a pay their tithing."

answer: There is no revelation QUES- "So that I come again to my

or commandment given to mankind father's house in peace; then shall

by the Lord that is more simple the Lord be my God:and understandable than the law TION "And this stone, which I have set

of the tenth, or tithing. In the up for a pillar, shall be God's house:

beginning of time the people of the and of all that thou shalt give me I will surely give the tenth untoLord practised the law of the ANSWERED BY

United Order. That is to say, they thee."(Gen. 28:2022.)

had all things in common, and there When Israel came into the promJOSEPH ised land out of Egypt, the Lordwere no poor among them. Latterday Saints used to sing frequently FIELDING by revelation expounded to them

the wonderful hymn by Elder Wilthe law of the tithe. As you may

liam W. Phelps, the first verse is well know, the Israelites wereas follows: SMITH keepers of cattle and sheep as well

"This earth was once a garden PRESIDENT OF as tillers of the soil. In declaring

place, THE COUNCIL his law to them after they had arin the promised land andWith all her glories common, OF THE TWELVE rived

And men did live a holy race the terms of this law were stated,

In Adam ondi Ahman."they were not to be broken. If

However, times changed, and instead of having all any man wished to redeem the tenth cow, sheep, things in common, men became selfish, and the horse, or whatever it might be, he was penalized.

perfect condition was lost to mankind. Following It is written: "And if a man will at all redeem

the flood the Lord called Abraham and placed His ought of his tithes, he shall add thereto the fifth name upon him. It appears that at some period part thereof.

following the flood the law of tithing was introduced. "And concerning the tithe of the herd, or of the

There is little written about it in the book of Genesis, flock, even of whatsoever passeth under the rod, the due no doubt to the fact that several hundred years tenth shall be holy unto the Lord.

are passed over within a very few sentences in the "He shall not search whether it be good or bad,

Old Testament. neither shall he change it: and if he change it at all,

When Jacob fled from the wrath of his brother and then both it and the change thereof shall be holy;

arrived at Bethel, he made a vow and said: "If God it shall not be redeemed."(Lev. 27:3133.)

will be with me, and will keep me in this way that From this we discover that the law of the tithe

I go, and will give me bread to eat, and raiment to was strict; moreover, that all of the possessions were

put on, to be tithed, and onetenth was the Lord's.

446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA As time went on, Israel forgot, just as many memChurch today as well as in ancient times.

bers of the Church do today, that this is a command- "Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed me.

ment of the Lord and that he expects members But ye say, Wherein have we robbed thee? In

of the Church to be honest with him in the paying tithes and offerings....

of their tithes. From many letters received, I am "Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse that

forced to conclude that we have members of the there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now

Church who figuratively are "cutting the corners"herewith, saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not open and seeking for means to do so and at the same time you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessease their consciences in the paying of their tithes. ing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it."

From what is written we discover that the paying (Mai. 3:8, 10.)

of the tithe is a simple matter. Even the weakest The payment of tithes is not a complicated system

among us know what the tenth part of a dollar is. even with the farmer, stockman, barber, or a person

Therefore out of every dollar that we receive as employed in any other pursuit in life. Today by edict

wages or increase coming no matter from what source, of the government, every wage earner, no matter what onetenth part belongs to the Lord. It is a difficult his occupation may be, is taxed on his income. The

thing for any honest tithepayer to comprehend the storekeeper will take an "inventory"of his substance.

gymnastics of the mind of any person who endeavors He will learn just what his expenses have been from to "cut corners"in the payment of the tithe. When all sources. Likewise he will determine just what

a man receives, let us say, one thousand dollars in his profit has been by this means of careful accountincrease, wages, income from dividends or whatever ing; he will learn just what his "intake"free from

it may be, onetenth of that sum belongs as tithing. expenses has been. This will require, of course, a

It seems that there are some individuals who in their careful system of record keeping. The system of

employment have taxes withheld from their income. taxation by the government compels, or should comThey cannot justify themselves by saying that the pel, every merchant, farmer, salesman, barber, or

amount withheld, but which is to their credit, should whatever he may be, to keep an accurate account both not be tithed. The fact that they did not handle or of his expenses and his profit, hence the government

see it does not indicate that the tenth is not of their assists each of these individuals to have an accurate tithing. Unfortunately there are some who have taken knowledge of what his expenses are and what his

that view of the situation. income or profit will be. The wage earner who

What the Lord said to Malachi in relation to the receives a certain stipulated amount in wages should tithe is just as true and applies to members of the pay the tenth according to divine law.

THE EMMAUS ROAD

BY ZARA SABIN We all have heard the tales of Jesus'life We all have heard these stories or have read and death. How he was crucified and laid them in the Bible as our fathers did.

within a borrowed tomb. Friends could not aid The truths he taught made light their every load,

because the multitude, whose feelings rife "I am the Resurrection,"raised the dead...

with hate, would never be appeased short of But there are darkling days these truths are hid this violent act. Chief priests and rulers, too, when we may travel the Emmaus Road,

had given assent, though a reluctant few then we shall learn by faith through fervent prayer, remembered still his deeds and words of love. as others did, the Lord is walking there!

JUNE 1964 447 It was 8:30 am on the morning of July 21, 1944.

Paul had quickly checked his watch as he tried to squirm even deeper into his hastily dug foxhole and take quick account of his position. He was on the

beach of the island of Guam. It was not a happy

position. The first five waves of his battalion to come

ashore had been completely wiped out, the sixth and seventh had won a small beachhead. He had been

in the seventh wave and was still under heavy fire.

The United States Army had won back its first few feet of land from the Japanese invader. Paul's wrist

was bleeding from a shrapnel wound—his right wrist—

his pitching arm. His identification tag had been

shot away.

As he lay in his foxhole his thoughts raced back over the events of his life: back to his rookie years as

pitcher for the St. Louis Cardinals, farmed out to

Pocatello of the Pioneer League and later to the

Coast League—would he ever pitch again?—back to

the fairhaired Jeanne, the girl of his dreams whom he had met in high school and now might never see again; back to his childhood in Provo, Utah; to his

father, Joshua Harold Dunn, the grocery store executive; to his mother, Geneva Roberts Dunn; to his

grandfather, owner of the Roberts Hotel in Provo;

to his boyhood in Little Rock, Arkansas, and young manhood in Los Angeles.

There can pass through the mind in a moment the whole of one's former years, so remarkable is the human mechanism. There can also in a period of

crisis arise in the mind the serious questions of life itself, and to Paul, reared in The Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, there came vividly the questions, "Is there a God?""Is The Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints the true Church?"He said

of the occasion:

"I prayed with earnestness and humility as I had never prayed before for an answer to those questions.

Immediately there came into my soul a sweet spirit, a feeling of comfort, a feeling of assurance that God did exist and j:hat the Church of Jesus Christ was

again upon the earth."

That event in a foxhole in the faroff island of

Guam was the turning point in young Paul's life.

It was the day he became a man—a Godfearing man.

And the assurance of the Spirit received on that morning was to sustain him through all the subsequent battles of the Pacific war.

In the battle to retake the islands of the Philippines,

Paul was in the forefront at Leyte, three days ahead of General Douglas MacArthur. His battalion

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA stormed ashore at the island of Ie Shina, then to the Institute of Religion adjacent to the University of bloody beaches of Okinawa where 300,000 died, Southern California. During this period he was

100,000 of them Americans. Here Paul was one of working on a doctorate degree from USC, which he

the last Americans to talk to war correspondent received in 1959.

Ernie Pyle before he was shot down. It was a In 1959 he was given the additional task of coterrible campaign. Of the thousand men of Paul's ordinator of all institutes of religion in Southern

battalion to leave San Francisco, only Paul and five California. Under his supervision the institute proothers reached the end of the line in Japan. Three gram in his area was extended to some sixtytwo

hundred fifty were killed and the others were college campuses. He was serving full time in cowounded physically or mentally and sent behind the ordinating this vast program of religious instruction

lines. But Paul survived—sustained by a faith which when called to the First Council of the Seventy on

seared his very soul. April 6, 1964.

Returning to civilian life in 1946 at the close of the During his years in the religious education field, war, Paul again reported for duty under his contract Elder Dunn has been a dedicated man, refusing with the St. Louis Cardinals. Again fate stepped in lucrative offers in secular education because of his

to affect the course of his life. While pitching a earnest faith that in religious education lies the bulgame in the Sunset League, he snapped his collarwark of security for the youth of the Church he has

bone. The accident came at a time when he had a come so much to love. He leaves the active teaching

fair chance of scaling the major league heights. He field with a host of friends who have felt the depth

might have regained his full effectiveness, but the of his convictions and the effectiveness of his methods chances were somewhat dimmed, and the prospect in reaching and affecting for good the lives of young of Sunday baseball had begun to trouble him. His men and women. His recent book You Too Can

decision was to turn to another field, this time to that Teach remains a monument to his past work and a of education. By 1953 he had completed his guide for others who would profit by his experiences.

Bachelor's Degree in religion at Chapman College. At the age of thirtynine Elder Dunn is entering a

By 1954 he had his Master's Degree at the University new phase of his already eventful life. His is a great

of Southern California. In the year that he obtained calling—a special witness to the divinity of the Lord and

the BA degree he had entered into employment with Master, Jesus Christ. In his call we see the fine hand

the Church department of education as a teacher of a Loving Master and the genius of his church orin the seminaries at Los Angeles. ganization in developing the leadership of its members.

To turn back the pages—the romance begun in

Hollywood High School before the war had not been dimmed by the war years. Upon Paul's return in 1946 he had converted, baptized and married Jeanne CJieverton, daughter of Cecil F. Cheverton, president of Chapman College, and later head of

Brite Bible College at Texas Christian University,

Theirs has been a happy marriage. The Dunns have

three daughters, Janet 17, Marsha 14, and Kellie 4.

All have been active in the Church. They are members of Downey Third Ward, Huntington Stake, where

Paul has been a seventy of the 235th quorum. Coincidentally, Elder Dunn was ordained to the office of

seventy on October 15, 1950 by the late President

Levi Edgar Young whose death created the vacancy which Elder Dunn has been called to fill.

As an educator, Elder Dunn's rise was rapid. An

outstanding teacher, his gift as an administrator was early recognized. In 1952 he was appointed assistant coordinator of seminaries in Southern California. Elder Paul H. Dunn and wife Jeanne and daughters

In 1956 he was appointed director of the LDS Kellie, front, Janet, right, and Marsha.

JUNE 1964 449 The woman approached the bus at a swift pace, her aside now while other passengers preceded her.

face tight with intensity and determination as if her When they were all on, she pulled herself up the very life depended on catching that bus and getting step and paid her fare.

home. She was a brisk, vigorous woman in her late Moving on, she surveyed the seats until she came

sixties, her animated face, her whole being, alert to to the first allempty one and was about to sit in it the adventure and the business of living. Then sudwhen she changed her mind. There was another one

denly she was none of these things. The light drained just across the aisle which she chose instead. In the

from her eyes, the spring from her step. Her shoulseat ahead of it was a woman with a small boy, alders sagged. She shuffled one foot slowly after the most a baby, who was on his knees leaning over the

other. The matter of catching the bus had lost all back of the seat. His mother's hand was grasping

its importance. For a few moments, absorbed in her the seat of his snow pants in case he should tumble.

shopping, in her trip to the city, she had forgotten He was squinching up his eyes making a face—not a

again, as she so often did, that she need not hurry fresh or saucy face—just an experimental one. The

home, that there was no longer anyone at the farm woman sat down and placed her parcels in the seat for whom she had to prepare a meal. She stood beside her, the pretty blouse, the printed lunch

THE

BOV ON THE BUS

"He was squincliing up his eyes making a face—not a fresh or saucy *:x,

face—just an experimental one."

,.#'cloth, another record for her new stereo. Then, lookWhen she got off, she turned toward the bus. A

ing directly at the boy, she pushed her face into the small face was at the window, a small hand waving.

same grotesque expression he had on his. The boy Pleased, she waved back. Then she stood and watched

laughed, and his mother turned and looked at the the bus drive on out of sight.

woman, smiling indulgently at her. Then she looked Smiling as she remembered the boy, she walked

away. The boy's face returned to normal, and he briskly along the small side street until she reached her

turned and sat down in his seat. The woman looked house. There she dumped her packages at her feet,

at the straight blond hair of the mother, the young turned the key in the lock, and stepped listlessly square shoulders, the way she bent her head and across the threshold, reaching back and picking up whispered into the boy's ear. Bending so, she and the packages after her. Just as she got them into her

the boy made a madonna picture. The woman's eyes arms the phone rang. Like a child she let them

softened. She had once been like that—part of a slide to the floor and, stepping over them, raced

unit, a family picture. She took her eyes from them through to the kitchen. Though he seldom called

and looked out the window. They were already past since he had moved across the state, there was always

the outskirts of the city, but her body did not respond the possibility that it would be her son at the other to the open landscape as it usually did. It slumped as end of the line, or even one of the grandchildren.

if in exhaustion, and she saw nothing of what they It wasn't. She hung up the receiver, went into the

passed along the road. bedroom, threw off her things, slipped out of her

When she looked back at the couple in front of shoes, and fell upon the bed.

her, the mother had become herself, the boy her boy. It was good now to rest. To sleep. To forget the

It was like looking at yourself in a mirror that reworld and its children, the farm, and her tired, achflected, not the present, but the past—and for the boy ing loneliness.

and his mother, the future as well. The boy sat up Closing her eyes she thought dimly of the blouse

abruptly and the mirror was gone. He was kneeling she would lay out on the bed, the colored cloth to

toward her, again making a face. Her own broke spread beneath her plate, the song she would play on

into a smile and then twisted into the crooked maskthe stereo, and most of all, of the boy on the bus, her like face he was making. The boy laughed aloud, boy; for had she not, for awhile, been his mother too?

and the blond head of the mother turned again, smilWas that perhaps one of the roles of mothers whose ing as before. families were no longer with them, the role of trans-

"Don't be naughty,"she whispered to the boy, her ferring their love to all the children of the world?

arm encircling him. "We'll be home soon. Then Had God today granted her a glimpse, a taste of

we'll have lunch. Are you hungry?"universal motherhood? Of universal love?

The boy made no reply. He was making a new She thought once more of the boy on the bus, of

face. The woman was helping him, copying his every all boys, of the softness of the babylike skin she had

grimace. The boy laughed aloud, and his mother wanted to touch, of the trusting, seeking eyes of

shushed him. The woman looked away, giving him childhood looking into hers, and the peace of earlier

time to compose himself. When she looked back, days descended on her. She began to think with

he smiled shyly at her, and she reached out, patting pleasure of other trips to town, of walks in the park his hand where it lay along the back of the seat, not where the children played, of her neighbors'youngtrusting herself to touch the smooth baby skin of sters, of the toys she would make for them, things his face. Afterward the boy turned around and she could do with them. All the children of the world

snuggled up to his mother. The mother leaned towere hers.

ward him, drawing him close. She turned on her side, curled into a comfortable

The woman's stop came. She gathered her packspot, and fell into a deep and restful sleep such as

ages together, walked slowly to the front of the bus. she had not slept since her family moved away.

'N BY HARRIET B. SHATRAW

'"- i 1 I 1 * BY t "EDCONDUCT %J BY THE CHURCH I II 1.1 N1P1ED SYSTEM Vf V1 1—Il\1 U SCHOOL M \J—I IfW Li I\fI LiV

Carlos P. Romulo, a man who emerged from the obHe ate and drank the precious words,

scurity of a humble birth in a small not yet indeHis spirit grew robust;

pendent nation to the presidency of the United He knew no more that he was poor,

Nations, entitled his autobiography, I Walked with Nor that his frame was dust.

Heroes. 1 Romulo felt that walking with heroes made He danced along the dingy days, him a better person. Perhaps most people will not

And this bequest of wings have the privilege of close association with men such Was but a book. What liberty as Douglas MacArthur, Dag Hammarskjold, Winston A loosened spirit brings! 2 Churchill, Franklin D. Roosevelt, and Manuel L.

Quezon as did Romulo. But everyone possessing the And Margaret Widdemer captures the ecstasy of those

ability to read can live with heroes every day. With precious moments when nothing can replace the

free public libraries, inexpensive paperback editions printed page in her poem, "Old Books."

of the classics, and higher wages, every person can You read your lover's hid heart plain read as much as he desires and time permits. beneath some dead lad's lace,

Perhaps the most lasting contribution a teacher can And in a glass from some Greek tomb make on the life of a student is to somehow instil in you see your own wet face, him the desire to spend his life in the company of For they have stripped from out their heroes. The story is told about a Mormon pioneer souls the thing they could not speak

who, when asked how he could stand to live on the And strung it to a written song that you "Muddy,"replied that he had spent the last winter might come to seek, in Greece, Rome, and Palestine. Upon being asked And they have lifted out their hearts

how he could have accomplished that feat without when they were beating new his neighbors and friends knowing about it he replied, And pinned them on a printed page and "through my books."given them to you. 3

Helping students develop a desire for books and for Students should learn early in life to fall in love reading is of paramount importance in teaching. A with books and with the heroes who have lived, taught,

good book can make a drab life one of thrilling adthought, and died. It is particularly desirable that

venture. A journey into the scriptures can profoundly they fall in love with heroes of Mormon history; for

affect a person for all eternity. Walking with the instance, they will be better people for having read

great heroes of the world is certain to change a about men like Stephen Markham. Once Brother

mediocre person into something infinitely better. Markham was asked to leave the Carthage Jail and

Books can bring comfort in times of stress, love procure medicine for Willard Richards just before the into a heart left empty, courage in the face of danger, Prophet Joseph was martyred. Upon his return the

faith that will thwart unbelief, and the desire to excel guards would not let him back into the cell. In fact,

in spite of seemingly insurmountable obstacles. Emily they placed him on his horse and probed his legs with

Dickinson wrote: bayonets until his shoes were filled with blood. Yet

Romulo, Carlos P., J Walked with Heroes, Avon Book Division, The

Hearst Corporation, 959 Eighth Avenue, New York, 19, New York, 1961. 2Dickinson, Emily, "A Book,"from The Complete Poems of Emily

Dickinson, used by permission of Little, Brown and Company, publishers.

3From The Old Roads to Paradise, Copyright 1928, 1946, by Margaret Widdemer Schauffler. Reprinted by permission of Harcourt, Brace

& World, Inc.

452 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA KENNETH W. GODF

DIRECTOR, SAN FRANCISCO BAY AREA INSTITUTES OF RELIGION

he refused to leave. Although he was not in the cell

when his beloved Prophet friend was killed, because of his bravery he was close at hand. 4 He once sold

his house and lived in a tent with his family in order to help the Prophet build a suitable home. 5 His faith

and devotion to the Church have helped others live as he lived.

Aunt Jane James, the Prophet Joseph's acquaintance, is a heroine who thrills one who reads of her life. She

reportedly said that when the Prophet Joseph died she wanted to die herself. She was told by the

teachers that she should live for the Prophet and not die for him. 6 There is a great message in that one

sentence. Is it sometimes more difficult to live the

gospel than to die for it? Upon her deathbed she

said, "This is the gospel of Jesus Christ, and there will never be any other on earth. It has come

to stay."7 Every student should walk with the greatest hero of all, Jesus Christ. The New Testament should become as familiar to the youth of the Church as the

"top ten.""Blessed are the..."should be as much a

part of their lives as the latest words are part of their speech. A life is never quite the same after trudging

the roads of Palestine with the Master. Helping the

shepherd find the lost sheep can be just as real today as it was two thousand years ago.

The teacher should help each student learn to love the world of books. If this is done, he will be making

heroes. The heroes of tomorrow are the students

of today.

Some students complain that reading is dull and uninteresting. People are often heard to say, "I just

can't understand the scriptures."Your reading will be

more enjoyable and profitable if you try some of the following suggestions: (Continued on page 525)

4See Barrett, Ivan J., "Friends of Integrity,"Seminar on the Prophet

Joseph Smith, 1963, Brigham Young University Extension Publication, pp. 1315. 5Idem. "Barron, Howard, "Women Friends of the Prophet Joseph,"Seminar on the Prophet Joseph Smith, 1963, Brigham Young University Extension

Service, p. 30.

''Idem.

JUNE 1964 453 PEDIGREE REFERRAL SERVICE

I. What is the Pedigree Referral Service? D. What information should an individual or a family organization submit for registration?

A. This is a service of the Genealogical Society 1. They should register the following:

designed to assist participants with their genealogical a. All of the surnames that appear on pedigree

work and to help prevent duplication in research. It charts for which they assume responsibility;

will have two phases: b. The localities in which these pedigree families

1. Registration: Individuals are encouraged to are known to have lived; and

register now, on the form provided, the surnames from c. The periods of time involved.

their pedigree chart(s) together with the localities 2. If a surname is found in two or more localities,

and the periods of time involved. it will be necessary to make a separate entry for each

2. Inquiries: At a date to be announced later, those locality, noting the appropriate period of time.

who have registered may request that searches be E. Should a member of a family organization premade in the pedigree referral service file for the names pare an individual registration for the Pedigree Reand addresses of persons who have registered informaferral Service?

tion with the service, thereby permitting coordination 1. When a family organization exists, the duly

of research effort. appointed representative ( s ) should be encouraged to

B. What are the objectives of the Pedigree Referral register information about those lines which fall under

Service? the jurisdiction of the family organization.

1. To bring together people who have common lines 2. The lines which do not fall under the jurisdiction

of ancestry; and of a family organization should be registered by

2. To help prevent duplication of research effort. the individual.

C. When will this service begin? F. Whose name and address will be used when

1. Registrations are now being accepted. registering a family organization with the Pedigree

2. When sufficient entries have been registered to Referral Service?

make this service effective, announcement will be 1. When a registration is made by a family organizamade and official "Request for Information"forms tion the information given should include the name

will be distributed. and address of the member of that organization

454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA responsible for pedigree referral service correspondbeen extended back many generations, will have many ence. If a family organization appoints several memsurnames, localities, and periods of time to register.

bers to be responsible for correspondence pertaining But such a listing could be of tremendous value to to different lines, each person assigned should register others who may be just starting research on the surname(s) for which he is responsible. It is those lines.

this individual to whom a pedigree referral service 2. It could also bring the registrant into contact

number will be assigned. with persons having similar lines of ancestry who

Example: could cooperate in future research efforts and who

could be encouraged to join in the family organization.

3. In order to realize the full potential of the Pedily

hastes L William nndessn* oitir Fa/n aiA gree Referral Service all researchers must be encourof person submitting this form (Please Name and address type or print) to participate.. aged hin. Alice W- WafKms YourNumber;;PRS /7tf7/ 4. Cooperation and a willingness to share with

Mid'Sak 14-, California others are the keys to the success of this service.

I. How will the Pedigree Referral Service Assist the

Stake: L OS, Anadts registrant and others?

1. Before any new research is carried out by individuals or family organizations, a "Request for In-

2. When changes are made in a family organization formation"form should be submitted to determine

and the registrant is replaced, the names and adwhether or not the pedigree referral service file condresses of the old and new officers, the pedigree tains any information about the surname, locality, referral service number, and the name of the family and period of time under consideration.

organization should be sent to the Pedigree Referral 2. Suppose one is planning to start research in the

Service so that the necessary changes can be made records of Sampson County, North Carolina (1780in the file. 1810), on a Holmes line: By submitting a "Request

G. What is the Pedigree Referral Service number for Information"on the Holmes surname of Sampson

to which references have been made? Co., N.C. between 17801810, the names and addresses

1. Each person registering information with the of any registrants who have submitted such informaPedigree Referral Service will be given a number as tion will be sent to the inquirer. These persons can

an additional means of identification. The pedigree then be contacted for more detailed information,

referral service (PRS) number assigned by the Genethereby preventing unnecessary duplication of alogical Society will appear on the form sent to research.

acknowledge each registration. J. What should one do if his reply from the Pedi-

2. When a registrant has received an acknowledggree Referral Service indicates that there have been

ment of registration and his PRS number, all subseno registrations made for the surname, locality, or quent correspondence with the Pedigree Referral period of time under consideration?

Service must include this PRS number. The absence of registration with the Pedigree Re-

H. When numerous pedigree charts involving many ferral Service does not necessarily mean that there

surnames, localities, and periods of time are being is no one else interested in those ancestral lines. One

considered, must the registrant take the time to regisshould still contact relatives and complete a research ter all of these details? survey before starting actual research. (See Gene-

1. It is recognized that those who have done a great alogical Instruction Manual, Sec. 11, p. 14.)

deal of genealogical research and whose ancestry has To Be Continued

JUNE 1964 455

For President David O. McKay's opening the questions of theology have acquired

conference talk, see The Editor's Page, a new importance and urgency. Throughpage 444. out the JudaeoChristian world, in fact

the entire world, there is a soulstirring search for new meanings in religion upon which men may ground their lives and establish their personal and social values.

In recent months an intense theological debate has been waged around a volume entitled Honest to God, in which Dr. Robinson, the Bishop of

Woolwich of the Anglican Church, asks the question whether it is possible for modern men to accept traditional

Christian faith, to believe in the established conception to accept and of God, questions as their Savior. "THEY CALL Christ He

whether Christianity carries with it theFOR NEW LIGHT* trappings of an ancient world and culture, and whether it can be made relePresident Hugh B. Brown vant to the thought and character of

Of the First Presidency modern scientific man, living in a rapidly shrinking technological world.

Humbly I seek divine guidance. The bishop says, "Our image of God

The Savior said: "And this is life must go,"and the Church Times cometernal, that they might know thee the ments: "It is not every day that a bishop

only true God, and Jesus Christ whom goes on public record as apparently thou hast sent."(John 17:3.) denying almost every Christian doctrine

The remarks yesterday of President of the Church in which he holds

Mark E. Petersen and today of Presioffice."(The Honest to God Debate,

dent Tanner and others, calling our Philadelphia: Westminster Press, 1963,

attention to conditions as they exist in P- 7.)

the world, were very challenging. Dr. Alasdair Maclntyre of the UniLeaders in both scientific and reversity College of Oxford says, "Dr.

ligious fields are calling for new light. Robinson's book needs not only to be

From a sermon which was recently understood as a symptom of our conpreached in England by an eminent dition, but to be sympathized with as a professor of theology and published to desperate attempt that cannot succeed,"the world by Dean Inge, we read: (Ibid., p. 227) and he adds, somewhat

"How great is the need in Britain cynically, "The creed of the English is today for a man to arise among us to there is no God and it is wise to pray lead a mighty crusade for the revival of to him from time to time."(Ibid., 228.)

our religion. For years all Christendom This book of which I speak is not just

has prayed that that revival might be the voice of an individual, but it "testinear, and according as the need is great, fies to the existence of a whole group so great is the opportunity. From end of theologies which have retained a

to end of the land, north and south theistic vocabulary but acquired an and west and east, the feeling is arising atheistic substance"(Ibid., 227) and one

that something more is required today wonders whether they can continue to than the advice, however good, of our coexist.

statesmen, and the ability, however The Archbishop of Canterbury says, great, of our businessmen, that there "... if Dr. Robinson's argument is right,

are problems to be solved more urgent the traditional views of God are not and more fundamental than those of outmoded, they are simply false."

economics and elections."(Ibid., 217.)

And then he adds: "The organized The argument that has ensued around

churches offer no solution to these these and other questions has engaged problems.... Men and women look for the leading minds in both Europe and

an interpreter of their emotions, for America recently, and they indicate a someone who will give expression to sense of loss, frustration, and failure their spiritual convictions and beliefs, that are so much a part of modern life.

submerged too long in a materialistic The hope is expressed that there will be age. The seed has been sown. It has a new birth in our time that will restore

sprung up under showers and sunshine. something of the meaning and value of

The grain is swollen inside the husk. human existence.

for ready lies golden and the field Now felt the impact have all of war We is the who man the harvest. Where depression, and economic the dehumanwill go in and reap?"izing influence of industrialization, the

In the midst of national and interovercrowding of our cities, the evernational unrest, confusion, and stress, present and ominous threat of nuclear *Address delivered Sunday afternoon, April 5, 1964. war with its total destruction, and the

myriad social forces that complicate our good and the right. We refuse to beand affirmative answers in the unlives and affect our values. We share lieve, with some churches of Christenequivocal declarations of the gospel of

the conscience of a world in which dom, that the biblical account of the Jesus Christ. The gospel does not bemass murder has been real and in which fall of man records the corruption of long to an antiquated world that has'

millions go to bed hungry every night human nature or to accept the doctrine passed away but is a real and powerin the presence of abundance. of original sin. We do not believe that ful force in our world here and now.

While we look forward hopefully to man is incapable of doing the will of It invests our individual lives with the help we may get from science and God or is unable to merit the rewards meaning and purpose and will yet technology in our attempts to solve our of Divine approval; that he is therefore transform the course of human history.

problems, we rely with absolute confitotally estranged from God and that When we speak of the unity of the dence upon the theology and religion of whatever salvation comes to him must Godhead, we refer to the attributes, the Church of Jesus Christ for the income as a free and undeserved gift. We powers, and purposes of its members.

spiration and faith to sustain us in this never tire of proclaiming the inspiring Jesus testified to the unity existing beendeavor, and to this end our spirittruth of the gospel that man is that he tween himself and his Father on many ual strength is grounded firmly on the might have joy. For us the socalled occasions as is recorded in the Holy

foundation of revealed religion and fall of man placed the human spirit in Bible and other revealed documents. He

the biblical conviction of the reality of a world of experience and adventure referred to this unity in his memorable the Living God. where evils are real but can be overprayer recorded in the seventeenth

Unlike those whose religious faith is come, where free moral decision is a chapter of John, where he prayed that uneasy and precarious in the modern constant requirement, and where choices, he and his followers might be one even world of expanding scientific knowledge, freely made, determine the quality of as he and his Father are one.

we are at home with the most advanced life and the eventual condition of (John 17:11.)

truths discovered by scientists and with the soul. It will become clear to any unbiased

all competent philosophic thought This does not mean that we are reader of the scriptures that the Father is a personal being, possessing a definitewith truth wherever found—because our oblivious to the evils of the world, the

religion enjoins in us a love of knowlsins of men, and the immeasurable sufform with bodily parts and spiritual edge and education, encourages us to fering that is daily endured by millions. passions. The Son, who was in the

seek understanding through the broadOurs is not a superficial faith that sees express image of the Father, is a separate ening of our vision and the deepening only the bright side of life and denies identity by whom the worlds were made of our insight. This is an eternal quest. the fact of human tragedy. Our conand without whom was not anything

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterscience is wounded by the massive evils made that was made. (See John 1:3.)

day Saints accepts newly revealed truth, that men have perpetrated in our own He was, in fact, a revelation of God.

whether it comes through direct revetime, by sins that are unspeakable in We see everywhere in nature evidence lation or from study and research. We the depth of their horror. But we have of cause and effect, of means adapted

deny the common conception of reality the positive faith that places the reto an end, which indicate a given purthat distinguishes radically between the sponsibility of these sins squarely upon pose. This is evidence of intelligence,

natural and the supernatural, between the individuals and societies who comand intelligence is an attribute of mind.

the temporal and the eternal, between mit them. We must therefore conclude that it was

the sacred and the secular. For us, In our theology, God did not bring an intelligent mind that built the

there is no order of reality that is utterly the world into being from nothing. He stupendous universe of God.

different in character from the world of organized it from existing materials. Human reason may not of itself lead

which we are a part, that is separated We accept the scriptural statement that its possessor to convincing knowledge from us by an impassable gulf. We do God created man in his own image. of God, yet if properly exercised will

not separate our daily mundane tasks "... in the image of God created he confirm his inherited instinct toward

and interests from the meaning and him; male and female created he them."his maker. Truly "the fool hath said

substance of religion. We recognize the (Gen. 1:27.) He is engaged in a conin his heart, There is no God."

spiritual in all phases and aspects of stant struggle with the evils of the (Psalm 14:1.)

living and realize that this life is an world, to overcome whatever brings We know him to be a living being important part of eternal life. We pain and suffering, frustration and with every essential property and attriaspire to the best of which we are infailure, and he asks that we cooperate bute of personality—that he thinks,

trinsically capable and will think our with him by keeping his commandwills, feels that he is a moral being thoughts, fashion our ideals, and purments, by obeying the laws upon which who demands righteousness and justice sue every task firm in the faith that in all blessings are predicated. This is the—but that in his love he is compassion-

a very real sense we are living in the meaning of the restored gospel of Jesus ate, merciful, and longsuffering.

presence of God here and now. Christ, that man as a child of God is For us God is not an abstraction, he

We accept the testimony of the sacred not alone in the world, for God shares is not just an idea, a metaphysical scriptures that the purposes of God are our suffering and delights in our joys. principle, an impersonal force or power.

enacted in human history, that he is In this community with him we can He is not identical with the totality of primarily interested in man's condiovercome the world, achieving the the world, with the sum of all reality.

tion and welfare though he will never abundant life here, and immortality He is not an "absolute"that in some trammel our free agency. His work and and eternal life hereafter. way embraces the whole of reality in

his glory is, as the prophets have said, We shall overcome any seeming his being. Like us, he exists in a world

to bring to pass the immortality and contradictions between science and of space and time. Like us, he has ends

eternal life of man. religion if and as we learn to adhere to to be achieved, and he fashions a cosis of doctrine positive Our and man restored realizing of Church, for is a the them. plan teachings mic the He

life affirming. declare unequivWe to dedicated person, living concrete, though been always and have which

hisocally that every very nature by intellifinite in and for state knowledge search fully the our comwe cannot to as the has do freedom goodman well as evil, that God has endowed him gence, which is the glory of God. prehend him, we know that we are akin

with a free moral will and given him To the question raised by the Bishop to him, for he is revealed to us in the the power to discern good from evil, of Woolwich, "Is Christianity relevant divine personality of his Son Jesus right from wrong, and to choose the to the modern world?"we find positive Christ.

458 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There has been a marked change in He invited us to pray to him in these the teachings of many of the churches words by James: "If any of you lack

concerning God, and many thinking wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth men and scholars now believe him to to all men liberally, and upbraideth not;

be a personal being and not an abstract and it shall be given him."(James 1:5.)

essence. This is shown in the book And he left us with this commitment:

A Century's Change in Religion, where- "I, the Lord, am bound when ye do in the author, after telling the beliefs of what I say; but when ye do not what

the churches in America at the begin- I say, ye have no promise."(D&C

ning of the nineteenth century, says, "It 82:10.)

is within the last fifty years that this The Articles of Faith which I wish of belief extension ormighty change to discuss

1. about. new thoughthas come The is "THE HEAVENS"* We believebriefly are:in God, the Eternalthe kingdom of God on earth in the ARE OPEN Father, and in His Son, Jesus Christ,

Christian society. The church is now and in the Holy Ghost.

this idea. gospel 3. The thatdominated by believe the through We of President Eldon Tanner Nathan

latest, the is the earth allthe on of Christ, kingdom Atonement mankind may First Presidency Of the gospel."truest oldest, the andnewest, the saved, to the laws obedience be by and

a been adds, has "There further of Gospel. the ordinances He

it is sisters, dear a brethren and My the of from thought in our 8.change God believe Bible to the the be We participrivilege to blessed to able be this conto sovereignty of it isconception as translated as far of word God

this beautiful pate with Sabbath you of center of Fatherhood. Theception correctly; believe of also the Book we

this in inspirational confermorning sovereignty shifted fromdoctrine has of to the be God. word Mormon ence, the heard yesterday where we allto Fatherhood. 9. rebelieve that has God We Presistirring of beloved our message is is intelligence, person; all a reveal, that vealed, does "God He and now He

all to inspiration dent, an was which is will, is plan; purpose, that will reveal Heand believe that yet many we He

us, edified of and were where by we is is realizing purpose; thatand He pertaining things great important and

Authorities. General is is, related to otherlove, person that of He to the God. Kingdom

this historic In building have held we personthanperson. more Whatever is believe in a Living The we God

inspiring these for conferences nearly it, be,ality, as He may know He parts, we body, passions, with in and God years, hundred Saints one the where bestis degree in perfect our which that whose image were is the made, we who instructed in have of been the the ways (Harris, George, degree."imperfectis in spirits all the of of Father mankind,

inspired living; to better Lord and and Religion, Bosin Century's Change direction the under and world whoseA

this here Salt famous Tabernacle Lake 251.) p.ton, 1914, HoughtonMifflin, all therein. created things was and He

its for sixty has Choir years over sung ourselves, reaffirm conis our is For Father, interested we a Loving who of glory, lives songs of influencing the is real personal,viction that and in God welfare stands us our and and who people of this throughout the whole is his the BeChrist ifthat Jesus call Only to will ready answer our we continent in countries of and the many rejoice to to Son. proclaimgotten to him. but go We

all world. their beautiful enjoy Vve is that omnipotent,the is he literworld believe that Christ Jesus We singing gratitude acknowledge with and anomniscient, omnipresent. and ally Our of the the Begotten Son God, Only

swer, then, to the Bishop of Woolwich the great contribution they make to in the flesh; that he was born of mortal

is that God is real and personal, and our conferences. mother; that he dwelt among men;

we are not concerned as he seems to All of us assembled here today wish that he gave man the plan of life and be as to whether he is "up there"or to welcome you who are listening in. salvation; that he was crucified, and

"out there"or whether this is a threeWe send you greetings and pray God's that he had power over death and willstoried universe. We know that he choicest blessings to attend you. In all ingly gave his life and was literally

lives, that he can and does appear to humility and with a feeling of love I resurrected so that man might be saved men. In fact, the whole structure of should like to address my remarks to and resurrected from the dead and enMormonism is based on revelation. The you this morning. I should like to joy eternal life.

quote and enlarge or three of on two revealed to aFather were Son and the since "For by came death, by man

Articles our of Faith explain and what state of in theyoung man also New York resurrection the came of the man in 1820, and since that time many we believe and particularly what sets dead.

us apart rest the the world. from of rerevelationsglorious to have come in all die, as so "For in even Adam

so, Before doing however, I should lives. faith in thatassure us he our He alive."shall all Christ Cor. be (1 made

like to refer briefly to that holy event, it his glory todeclared be and his work Italics 15:2122. added.)

to bring to pass the immortality and the greatest event in the history of And, "We believe that through the crucifixion mankind, the resurrecand life of answer, is oureternal man. This of Christ, all atonement mankind may

Savior Christ, tion of our Jesus it is posquestionthen, to the whether to who be obedience the laws saved, by and sible for modern men to accept the true willingly gave his life for you and me, ordinances of the Gospel."(Third ArtiChristian faith. It was established by and which event was commemorated cle of Faith.)

Jesus Christ in the Meridian of Time last week in song, prayer, and worship Belief in Christ is not sufficient, but throughout the Christian world. in restored the of is Fulness byand his him obedience to laws essential to "... It that us reminds so loved God salvation for, exaltation, andTimes. renot Hence, do as share the we

the that world, his behe only gave in corded 7:21, Christ Matthewfear, himuncertainty, confusion and mengotten that Son, believeth whosoever self said: every saith that "Not one untotioned or Inge the of by Bishop Dean in perish, should not him but have shall Lord, me, Lord, enter into the call attentionWoolwich. to the We life."everlasting 3:16.) (John of heaven; kingdom but that he doethbiblical is of in image he which God as said: he And this behold, will of is the is Father, in which myidentified eternal, as personal, unwork and bring my to my "Forglory—to heaven."

changeable, pass and everlasting, the immortality to which and eternal life again: And answered, "Jesus Verily, man."(Moses 1:39.) witness in the humbly bearwe name of I verily, thee, say unto Except a man

of Jesus Christ. Amen. *Address delivered Sunday morning, April 5, 1964. be born of water and of the Spirit, he

JUNE 1964 4S9 cannot enter into the kingdom of God."God's dealings with his people and revelations given by God to his chosen

(John 3:5.) read the revelations which he gave to prophets. God has always stood ready

And then, as recorded in Revelation: his prophets to guide and direct them to lead and direct his people if they

"And I saw the dead, small and great, and prepare them for the future, we would but listen to his word.

stand before God;... cannot help marveling at the continued As recorded in the Book of Mormon,

"And they were judged every man interest he has shown in his people Lehi was warned that Jerusalem would according to their works."(Rev. and the patience he has shown and the be destroyed, and he was advised to

20:1213.) care that he has taken to see that they take his family and leave. As he lisAlso, we believe the Bible and the were continually directed in the paths tened to the voice of the Lord and

Book of Mormon to be the word of of truth and righteousness, if they followed his instructions, he and his

God, and we believe that they contain would but listen to his holy prophet family were led out of the city to records of revelations which God gave through whom he was speaking. safety and into the new world, later

directly to his prophets in the differAs we read the Old Testament we to be known as America, while they ent dispensations of the gospel. In fact, realize that he revealed his will to who remained were destroyed or taken

as stated in our ninth article of faith: Adam, to Seth, to Enoch, to Noah, to into captivity.

"We believe all that God has revealed, Abraham, Jacob, Moses, and Isaiah, and While the prophets in the old land all that He does now reveal, and we all the prophets down to Zechariah and were receiving revelations from God, believe that He will yet reveal many Malachi, as they are recorded therein. the people of Lehi on this, the American

great and important things pertaining The Bible testifies that revelation continent, were not left without guidto the Kingdom of God."began with Adam and Eve, who heard ance. Prophets were raised up through

It is this belief more than any other the voice of the Lord God while walkwhom God spoke and directed his that sets us apart from the rest of the ing in the garden. (Gen. 3:8.) God people in all their doings as they would

world. Protestant churches, as you all revealed to Adam his origin, the purlisten. He revealed to them also, 600

know, were formed at the beginning pose of mortality, his future destiny, years before Christ's coming, that he of, and during the period of, the and the requirements for exaltation. would come, that he was the Savior

Reformation and resulted from the fact He also gave direction in solving the of the world, that he would be persethat many people were dissatisfied with special problems of his dispensation. cuted and crucified, and that he would

the teachings and practices of the Though the gospel plan has remained be resurrected.

dominant church, which they claimed the same from the beginning, important This was foretold clearly by Lehi, had transgressed the laws, changed the truths have been abandoned and forNephi, Alma, and others, including ordinances, and broken the everlasting gotten, and therefore it has been necesSamuel, to whom it had been revealed covenant, and therefore had apostatized. sary from time to time for God to raise the exact time that Jesus Christ would

The Protestant churches, therefore, up prophets to restore the gospel truths, be born. They were told of the signs

were established by men who were to testify to the people, and to instruct which would be shown on this, the courageous enough to take a stand and them in righteousness. Also, each disAmerican continent, at the time of

risk their lives, and some of them even pensation faced different problems, and Christ's birth and crucifixion. Every

gave their lives, in an endeavor to cortherefore continuous revelation was word which had been revealed to them rect the malpractices with which you necessary to cope with them. regarding these events was fulfilled.

are all so wellacquainted. I have always been impressed with Following his crucifixion Christ ap-

I have not the time nor the inclinathe way Moses was protected and prepeared personally to the people on this, tion to go into any details about the served by the Lord, who had chosen the American continent, and taught malpractices or the Reformation. I do him and through direct revelation prethem the truths of the gospel.

say, however, that these Protestant pared and directed him day by day as Many of the revelations recorded in churches were formed and organized by to what he should do and how he the Old and New Testaments, as well men who were dissatisfied with and should prepare to lead the children of as in the Book of Mormon, refer most protested against these malpractices. Israel out of bondage and out of Egypt; clearly to these, the latter days. Some

Though they were good men with high how the Lord personally instructed of these are not generally understood ideals and the best of intent, they did Moses how to deal with Pharaoh and by the world and can only be undernot claim any divine revelation or dihow, through God's commands, plagues stood through revelations which were rect authority from God to organize were imposed and withdrawn by the received in these, the latter days, by their different sects. In fact, they Lord; how the Lord protected them the Prophet Joseph Smith. One examclaimed that there were no such things as they crossed the Red Sea; and how he ple of these is that of John the Revel ator

as visions or revelations in these days: continued to lead and guide and direct who, when looking into the future, said:

that all such things had ceased with them as long as they were prepared to "And I saw another angel fly in the the Apostles, and that there would listen to the prophet and follow midst of heaven, having the everlasting never be any more of them. On the his instruction. gospel to preach unto them that dwell

other hand, Joseph Smith the founder It was Moses to whom the Lord, by on the earth, and to every nation, and of The Church of Jesus Christ of direct revelation, gave the Ten Comkindred, and tongue, and people,

Latterday Saints, claimed that he was mandments as a set of rules by which "Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, called by revelation and given divine the people should govern their lives. and give glory to him; for the hour of

authority direct from God and Jesus These remain today as much the word his judgment is come: and worship him

Christ and had received the keys of the of the Lord as at any other time and that made heaven, and earth, and the priesthood under the hands of Peter, apply equally to the people in these, sea, and the fountains of waters."

James, and John. the latter days. Yet, while he was (Rev. 14:6-7.)

Throughout the history of mankind, receiving these commandments directly This revelation was fulfilled and from Adam down to the present time, from the Lord, the people, whom he had clearly understood when the Angel

God has revealed his will to his chosen led out of bondage and whom the Lord Moroni did fly in the midst of heaven prophets; for, as Amos the Prophet had taught through him, turned away and appeared to Joseph Smith and told

taught: "Surely the Lord God will do from the true God and began to worhim of the plates which contained the

nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto ship idols. gospel in its fulness. Joseph said that

his servants the prophets."(Amos 3:7.) The Bible is replete in both the Old as the Angel Moroni appeared to him,

As we look back over the history of and New Testaments, with records of he called him by name and told him

460 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that "... there was a book deposited, all that do wickedly, shall be stub- (Mai. 4:5) have all been fulfilled and

written upon gold plates, giving an acble."(Mai. 4:1.) point up clearly the need of direct revecount of the former inhabitants of this And then he said: "Behold, I will lation in these, the latter days, for the

continent, and the source from whence send you Elijah the prophet before the guidance of the people, and that they they sprang. He also said that the fulcoming of the great and dreadful day might know the will of the Lord.

ness of the everlasting Gospel was of the Lord: Without modern revelation the world

contained in it, as delivered by the "And he shall turn the heart of the would be left in complete darkness reSavior to the ancient inhabitants."fathers to the children, and the heart garding first, the Book of Mormon,

(Joseph Smith 2:34.) of the children to their fathers, lest I which is a new witness for Christ and

Thus we know that the angel, as come and smite the earth with a curse."contains the gospel in its fulness; secpredicted or prophesied by John the (Ibid., 4:5-6.) ond, the purpose and importance of

Revelator, has flown; that this great Again I went to the Interpreter's temple work; third, vicarious work for

and glorious gospel has been restored Bible to see what they had to say about the dead; and many other things perin its fulness by the Lord through the this passage, and though it had been in taining to the kingdom of God.

Prophet Joseph Smith to be preached the Jewish scriptures for centuries, they It is my testimony to you that God to every nation, kindred, tongue, and did not understand it, and therefore truly lives, that Jesus is the Christ, the people. were unable to explain its meaning. Savior of the world, who gave his life

Another revelation recorded in the I do not mention this to belittle in for you and me; that the priesthood of

Old Testament which refers to these, any way this very complete and God has been restored; that the Church

the latter days, and has reference to the thoughtprovoking commentary, but to of Jesus Christ has been reestablished

Book of Mormon, is that received by point out that the full meaning and in these the latter days with the same

Ezekiel wherein he says: impact of this prophecy and promise organization that existed in the Primi-

"The word of the Lord came again could in no wise be understood until tive Church, all by direct revelation;

unto me, saying, Elijah himself actually appeared to that by direct revelation and the power "Moreover, thou son of man, take Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery in of God we have the Book of Mormon thee one stick, and write upon it, For 1836. which contains the gospel in its fulness;

Judah, and for the children of Israel Joseph records four revelations which that the heavens are as open today as his companions: then take another stick, he and Oliver Cowdery received in the they were in the days of Moses, Abraand write upon it, For Joseph, the stick Kirtland Temple. First, the Lord Jesus ham, Peter, James, and John, and Paul;

of Ephraim, and for all the house of Christ himself appeared and talked to God still answers the prayers of the

Israel his companions: them; then Moses, and then Elias aprighteous and still reveals his mind and

"And join them one to another into peared and revealed certain things unto will through his ordained prophets;

one stick; and they shall become one them. And then Joseph said: that David O. McKay is a prophet of

in thine hand."(Ezek. 37:1517.) "After this vision had closed, another God through whom the Lord speaks

As I read this, I went to the Intergreat- and glorious vision burst upon us; to his people today.

preter's Bible, which is written in twelve for Elijah the prophet, who was taken From the very time that the young volumes, and is a commentary on all to heaven without tasting death, stood boy Joseph at the age of fourteen, went of the Old and New Testaments. This before us, and said: into the grove to ask God which church

commentary was prepared by thirtysix "Behold, the time has fully come, he should join until today, he and those consulting editors with over one hunwhich was spoken of by the mouth of who have followed him as presidents dred recognized, capable contributors, Malachi—testifying that he [Elijah] of this Church have been led by revelaand deals with all quotations from the should be sent, before the great and tion in all things pertaining to the

Bible, taking them verse by verse and dreadful day of the Lord come kingdom of God.

explaining their meaning and applica- "To turn the hearts of the fathers to May we all hold fast to the iron rod, tion. When I came to Ezekiel, 37th the children, and the children to the which is the word of God, and listen to

chapter, verses 15 through 17, which I fathers, lest the whole earth be smitten the prophet's voice and serve God and have just read, no feasible explanation with a curse keep his commandments that he may was given, but conjectures only were "Therefore, the keys of this dispensacontinue to lead us in the paths of made. This is no reflection on the tion are committed into your hands; righteousness to immortality arid eternal

editors or contributors to this great and by this ye may know that the great life, I humbly pray in the name of commentary, as they knew of no way and dreadful day of the Lord is near, Jesus Christ. Amen.

to get the meaning. even at the doors."(D&C 110:1316.

Here again, by direct revelation and Italics added.)

by direct revelation only, do we underHow enlightening, encouraging, and stand clearly what Ezekiel meant. Here, consoling it is to be able to read this

the stick of Judah as referred to is the revelation and know that Elijah has

Bible, and the stick of Ephraim, which actually appeared.

is written for Joseph and all the house The prophecies contained in the of Israel his companions, is the Book of three revelations to which I have re- A FRECKLE

Mormon. Through the power of God ferred and as recorded in the Bible, BY BETSY NIELSON

and by direct revelation, this Book of wherein John the Revelator said, "And

Mormon, which contains the gospel in I saw another angel fly in the midst of Radiant, round its fulness, was translated, and it with heaven, having the everlasting gospel Thou art found in to thine Bible, hand."the "one that preach unto became dwell the them on nose, knees and On

of the simple clear words earth"and (Rev. Ezekiel, 14:6), and whereHow toes. Cheeks and

if listen will but Ezekiel revealed that of become the stick we it was to him gold, Brown and voice! prophet's stick to the of the and Judah should Ephraim

Then again, Malachi records a revebecome "one in thine hand"(Ezek. Health thou hold.

lation which refers to these, the latter 37:17), and Malachi, wherein the Lord Thy creator, the sun.

days, wherein the Lord said: "For, besaid, "Behold, I will send you Elijah Thou has won,

hold, the day cometh, that shall burn the prophet before the coming of the Obviously, as an oven; and all the proud, yea, and great and dreadful day of the Lord": A place on me.

JUNE 1964 461 the Lord permit him to come to this When the children of Israel came out earth to tempt and torment us, rather of Egypt, the Lord gave them many "CHASTITY - thanlowerstotohavean isolatedbeen sentplace?"with Myhis folan- commandments.ments he taught Amongthe Israelitesthese commandthat their

swer to this question has been that it bodies were sacred and that they should FUNDAMENTAL seems clear that the Father permitted not be improperly exposed. Among

to here to tempt us come and these instructions we find this necesfaith. fact is clear that TO OUR Lucifertest our sary commandment: The CIVILIZATION"* Adam and his posterity were not left "The woman shall not wear that

without divine commandments and which pertaineth unto a man, neither

President Joseph Fielding Smith guidance. Angels visited them and inshall a man put on a woman's garment:

Of the Council of the Twelve structedraise theirthemchildrenand commandedin light andthemtruth.to thefor allLordthatthydoGod."so are (Deut.abomination22:5.) unto

fall Moreover, the not terrible it is the was sight, a Today even common on sisters: I brethren beloved and haveMy mistake so which led have cities streets been the of many of the Latterday the

vital subject, chastity,chosen of that a

It is believe. to rein customary the Saints, to see dressed in pants womenif attention. give will you your me ligious to fall of world speak the suits as similar to and those by men. worn dictionary, to chastity According the fall,"leaving shameful "man's the is imforced are to declare this that not We state or qualitymeans, of being "The pression that refused to had is parsight. it frelovely a Adam also Moreover,

freechaste, free sexual impurity; in from

fruit, of take the their he and Eve and case at quently parties the places and freethought, vulgarity."from modest and posterity of lived have in would that areternal entertainment are women our Redeemer the with was When bliss I is in and fact harmony. call full think clear, rayed they what The

thisNephites continent after on his however, dress, or had not partaken thus party exposing of part a he Adam andresurrection, this he prinemphasized lived would Eve alone have the sacred should body without be which andciple to saying by them: un- "And no posterity. fall Therefore exposed. the not a wasclean thing enter his into can kingdom; necessity, this clearly and stated was Isaiah Prophet The by without questiontherefore entereth rest nothing into his

said: it Mother Eve she for day, saw our when speaks of he "Were the daughitsave those be have washed who for ters not transgression our of never in Zion latter who, the days, wetheir in blood, garments because my seed, should have had all never and guilty of should be would of kinds imof faith, their of the repentance and evil, have proprieties good in the known joy and and dress. their I will not

all sins, their their faithfulness and of our life redemption, if eternal the said, quote and what he but are any end.unto the

all giveth unto which curious it the obeGod to enough wish and read you is this the Recommandment: "Now (Ibid., dient."it 5:11.) will find in the third of chapter

allpent, earth, of the ye ends and come life is Isaiah, mortal This verses sixteen just to end. essential the an

baptized inunto be and name, me my of part eternal our existence. sisters, brethren good Now, and my came Wethat sanctified recepthe be ye by may I to tested be for and a plea proved by modesty am making and coming

tion of the that Ghost, ye Holy may here in contact evil chastity with as for the well as of the the and good. members

last spotless before at day.stand the me It is necessary that alike, male female Church, and be to be tempted we and

I verily, "Verily, this you, say unto tried, chaste, the but Eternal lives, their clean in Father did obedient not and is gospel; ye things and the know my leave us helpless in to the the covenants midst of evil. and commandments

that ye must do in my church; for the From the very beginning the plan of the Lord has given us.

works that seen ye which have do me I salvation like first to presented to was quote a would our few paragraphs shall for also that do; ye ye have which parents. taught taken these They from discourse principles a President by J.seen shall that do; even ye do me is their to It children. Clark, necessary, Reuben Jr.: howif "Therefore, these things ye do ever, that trials civilization very have is itself and "Our temptations, we based

lifted ye,blessed for are shall ye be as as well chastity, divine the the sanctity upon of commandments. marriage,

last at 27:1922.) the day."(3 Nephiup Therefore the the of Father holiness and has the permitted home. Destroy

see as travel from what From we we his these Satan to hosts us, and Christian and tempt but becomes man city city in to read from and what we of the brute. a guidance Spirit the by of the

press, to are forcedthe public the we the and Lord "Chastity given commandments life is fundamental to our isconclusion that sin repentance from revelation, through to are civilization. and our to prepared If we race the beessentialextremely enthroughout the If choice. evil, our comes unchaste, make it will do perish. we we Immortire is world. there In fact, a seldom ality been that have promised will has basic to been be we the destruction

historytime of in the known mankind if punished; of good, rewill do mighty of nations we we the past; it will

sin sexual not prevalent waswhen and ceive eternal the bring of to righteousreward dust the mighty nations of the violation of divinethe the commandness. soul present. Every has been given the of Every one us instructs who

It universal.ments almost was was gift free is of It agency. essential our in that youth whatever place position, or

after chillongnot and Eve had Adam evil learn both in good and and thus and capacity, whatever we teach must off pair to estabdren began and who resist evil. If live the and the overcome of young people today to we abstain

lish that families the influence of Satan righteously salwill there eternal unchastity."from come (CR, Oct. 1938,

felt, the sons daughters and andwas in exaltation vation the p. and 137.) kingdom

is given byWeforgotreadthethatteachingsSatan cameof theiramongparents.them of CleanlinessGod. of life will bring the rePresidentThe followingDavid O.counselMcKay:

saying: "I am also a son of God"; and ward of exaltation and an eternal exist- "In this day when modesty is thrust

to believehe not the them commanded into ence in the the background, If kingdom chastity and of God. is conwe

of theirteachings parents, recand the evil, sidered the choose virtue, an will the reward outmoded in to be I appeal ord informs us that that from time punishment. to keep souls every Eventually your will you sin unmarred and

"...forth carnal, sensual, men became, unsullied this lave to be righted. from Savior sin, the paid consequence Our

devilish."and 5:13.) (Moses price the of transgressions smite our which will and do of haunt you if we

frequently Very this question I have sin sin a not intimately until of eternal worthy death your conscience asked of me: "When Lucifer, or the and humbly keep his commandments; seared and your character sordid. is

devil, was cast out of heaven, why did otherwise he has said, we must suffer "Remember, too, the significance of *Address delivered Monday morning, April 6, 1964. even as did he. the Savior's saying that if any shall

462 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA commit adultery even in his or her down here to join your church?""Yes,"

heart, he shall not have the Spirit, I replied. "Thousand of people join the

but shall deny the faith and shall fear. Church in these lands; in fact, in Uru-

"Resist evil, and the tempter will guay the ratio of conversion to populaflee from you. If you keep your charSaturday Morning Session, April 4, 1964 tion is as great as any place in the

acter above reproach, no matter what world. In fact I know a member who

others may think, or what charges they has helped to bring ninetythree other erect, persons hold into the joined your head since shemake, Church you can light, face the THE SPIRIT OF a year ago. heart But a mistakekeep your and you made

it It calling yourchurch. because you, undauntedly byworld my is not my

is that church, church. have MISSIONARY In nor man's you it anyself, and your God know

it is reality actual untarnished."(Ibid., the soul ofkept Jesus your Church WORK IN

the Christ 8-9.) only earth and one on theOct. 1951, pp. Again from President McKay: SOUTH AMERICA of which he is the head. When you

"'My spirit,'says the Christ 'will not come to know that, my friend, and you dwell in unclean tabernacles.'The cor- A. Theodore Tuttle can gain that certain knowledge, then,

is in the through world thatruption inlust, as one of mentioned Peter's Of the First Council of the Seventy changingrevealed wordyouroflifethe toLordconformis not astodiffithe it first its at as cult seem."thoughtsEpistles, in source and might has

I testify, to sisters brothers want and my is individual in asked, the "If harbored church then yourschemes He friends, to that and he have we whom of takes advantage fast, so withmind. growing who do what you do man A

is just listened of a indeed prophet the deal business in a all neighbor whenhis people?"the

if Living follow God, and can and we is offers prepared himhas perfect organizaopportunitythe a Church "The it this inspired comprehend message thinkdishonest Iself occasion for tion,"explained, by the "founded upon will evils bring solution a to the that their lose it not apostles, couples doing. prophets expands and Young and beset this in age. us day and

of the pressure orderly Bookchastity, under by Mormon in an named way

I years this pulpit ago from Two all things'without of above 'preciousas numbers. greetings brought 20,000 from you memjusti- in thought previously professionally "It require atheir not does having of of bers of Christ Jesus The Church

act. tofied paid ministry administer trained the nor Latterday Saints in America. South Toturns it. coolly like from are yourself people husband Ordinary who "The day, of blessings because the bounteous

illicit seeks family to instructed, and called, loyal wife empowered and anda of efforts the dedicated of Lord the and a affairs as with perhaps elsewhere, of the therelationship Church, conduct

I missionaries alike, and members am previ- I has for instance, neighbor, times; of in a ancient an wifedisloyal am privileged to bring greetings from you immoral his soul with in president mission our educator, poisonedously

of than 40,000 more the members of society, salesis Aires automobile Disgruntled membersideas. an Buenos Thirtythree reyears Church. were

stakes, not president occupation, do our and and infaultfinders wards by man first to quired the convert 10,000 memof is orsome because are contractor. merely Brazil in a such Menbecome bers in America. South two Only more they of imagined. real priesthood to or the God. dainedoffense, They What years to required were the convert next preceded by of the has the been power are with do endowed andsay I Since 10,000. years reported ago, two

revelaambition."personal led unattained or desires and Ghost byselfish Holy converts 21,000 the have more found

9697.) the living guides tion. prophet April 1951, (Ibid., pp. A of truth in the missions seven South

is our Christ It of practice the of the today. Jesus the Church name In America.

call to to people leaders the in ChurchSavior. Amen. to In atmosphere the unfriendly an

their suitable position to in a work biblical doctrines of revelacontinued in capacities. talents South Here and tion, a prophets founded Church on and

... TEACHER BLESS instance, for use AND America, new we membelief Apostles, in in Father Personal a

O. REA shortly organizations of bers DOROTHY in the BY one actual Christ the as heaven, Jesus and

in the after their baptism. Church Work of divine a can Son and God, how prayer as in as the is well end, to an a of both means remembered beTo that biblical these teaches docChurch

itself. called are to in People end an child a it is trines rapidly? so that grow What

fill dein to order positions and grow bright faith's lifted to on Is be into restored gospel the brings people as to as well personally, make velop in in these unprecedented wing such numbers effecfunction organization more the night the countries? American South sphere above lighted aTo personal others. bless This tively to this to to great land with Return sing. me stars morning the of Where receives is benefit great one the growth of feeling the get people some among

service."through

is Spirit of the the working. Lord whom that petaled on hear your name I thatTo to friend explained further my find flying ourselves a plane on We lip in increasing of the numbers because Brazil, Alegre, Porto Buenos and between

too. hears, America, in have South that the to Is Church we God know is to Aires, Argentina. next Seated me protraining extensive operation an in a to prayer is the ear of tunedHis of international large executive a an

is of express purpose the which gram, child, I learning corporation. that was Upon person specific to every training give to still is to earth journey of representative the Church, a Whose Mormon

in position to.a the Church. called newly like a asked, would he "What me man new.

is that certain each to new This make join to the Church?"to have do Mormon

It is goal his duty. our officer knows as drank he Since smoking he was prayers eloquent are fromThere fill in church the position to every

I suggesting cocktail, his commenced by launched. pulpits opgives This organization. members first give to both that have up would he sorprayers, penitent onthe- are through develop to There an portunity abstain the use habits of from these and

training training program. This job styled. row I started well. to as coffee of tea and

personality. of one's facet every touches soars freely, that powthe oneBut requirenecessary other such mention

ered by faith, ments as faith, repentance, and baptism, He becomes not only more effective as

Is the prayer from the lips of a when he interrupted by saying, "Under a church official, but a better, more child. those restrictions, can you get anybody capable citizen as well.

JUNE 1964 463 "Therefore, with a steady stream of business in Brazil). We are here to America, I speak to all who can hear.

people joining the Church,"I continued, attend a district conference. A finePerhaps for the first time you have

"the organizations can expand in an looking man, not a member of the heard the glad message that the gospel orderly fashion. Leadership training Church two years ago, is speaking: "The of Jesus Christ, has been restored. Percan benefit and bless more and more of first time I entered the chapel I could haps you have had friends or neighbors

your fellow countrymen. I even have actually feel a good spirit here—a spirit who have recently joined The Church

the temerity to suggest that this kind of of warmth and friendliness, one of conof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

for cern another, been trained have and love probably of You one wondered and who have why theirpeople—people

I lives in also feltto so brotherhood. they that I had experience changed must think, who have much; why

solving problems, who have accepted clean up my life in order to associate seemed to be happier and busier, why—-areand dischargedthe peopleleadershipyou oughtresponsibilityto be seekwithwelcomeyou andpeople.needed."You made me feel theyShouldseemedyou, totoo,livenotmoreseek purposefully.information

ing to staff your corporation."Like all those who visit our meetings, about this marvelous and sacred message?

I bore testimony to this man that the he was welcome and is needed. He is "Prove all things,"Paul admonished,

Lord is now hastening the fulfilment particularly needed today because he "hold fast that which is good."(1

of his promises and prophecies connow presides as the president of the Thess. 5:21.)

cerning this choice land and its people. branch he once visited. He holds the You, father and husband, as head of

They are receptive to the message authority and has the power to share your household, should you not find rethat God lives and that he directs, with all men the same spirit that so lease from the sins of the world that through revelation, his perfectly organinfluenced and blessed his life. beset you, through faith, sincere repentized Church. The feelings of fraternity in this ance, and baptism by immersion for

Our next stop is at El Cuzco, the anChurch and the functions of its priestthe remission of sins? Should you not

cient capital city of the Incan empire, hood quorums bind men together in a find the strength to complete the change situated at 11,000 feet in the tops of bond of brotherhood. It brings warmth in your life, for the strength will come

the Andes Mountains. We are in a of companionship that delights the soul through receiving the gift of the Holy

press conference, and a reporter asks, and makes life worthwhile. Love of Ghost? Should you not possess the

"What is the difference between The fellow men penetrates from heart to priesthood and experience its power?

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday heart across national borders. It beShould you not have the joy of certain

Saints and other churches?"comes the only effectual process that knowledge that Jesus is the Christ, that

We quote from a living prophet to erases men's artificial boundaries and God lives? The Lord will not withhold

explain one of the major distinguishing unites them in a cause greater than this blessing from any who sincerely features of the Church. President David their own political nationalism. seek it.

O. McKay has said, "... we believe in Finally accompany me as we become Look at that sweet companion by

divine authority by direct revelation junior companions to some of the misyour side. Should your wife not find

rather than by descent."The power sionaries over whom I preside. Recently, an outlet for sharing her heavenen-

and authority came to this Church down in Argentina, my companion and dowed gifts in unison with other good through the visitation of angelic mes- I, at the invitation of a member, went women? Would you deny her the insengers: Peter, James, and John, the to visit his friend. Evidently we entered fluences which strengthen her as a wife

Apostles of old, who as resurrected the wrong apartment building because and mother?

beings, conferred their authority and the man who responded to our knock And your most priceless possessions, power upon Joseph Smith and Oliver was not the person whom we sought. what of them? I see that teenager at

Cowdery in this dispensation. We exMy young companion, typical of today's your side. Should your teenager not

plained that this doctrine is both scripenergetic and dedicated youth, promptly have the opportunity to participate in a tural and logical, for the Bible itself introduced us as representatives "de la youth organization where youth muis a compilation of revelations. They Iglesia de Jesucristo de los Santos de tually improve one another?

were given at different periods of time los Ultimos Dias"and asked the man And your little ones, what of them?

through various prophets over approxiif he would like to know something How pliable, how susceptible to all the mately 4,000 years. Just as each prophet about the Church. Our newfound influences of life! Should they not have

in times past left scripture as evidence friend said, "Yes,"but after a short conthe protection and the advantage of of the divinity of his calling, so we offer versation when my companion offered training in childcentered organizations to the honest in heart today additional to leave him a tract, he refused to take which teach them: "I am a child of

scriptures, both ancient and modern. it saying, "My church forbids me to God. My Heavenly Father loves me."

These additional revelations form the read anything of a religious nature Should your entire family not kneel scriptural basis for the doctrine of like this."night and morning and receive the addiThe Church of Jesus Christ of LatterHow grateful I am, my friends, that tional strength that comes through a

day Saints. the enlightened search for truth by this Wise and Loving Father? Should you

Next, stand with me in Chile at the Church frees a man from fear and and all members of your family not doorway to a school, recently opened teaches him that life is to learn, that seek and find the supreme joy and the by the Church. Brighteyed youngsters truth is to be sought and accepted from abundant life that the Savior taught

march past into a new and marvelous any source—scientific or revealed. It in his Church restored again?

is that of learningworld that our they Father never teaches have and God While been blinded men have by before, of teacher, that are books son andknown methods and pupil, and we and prejudiced men tradition by in the that are the newest and finest. We that we can actually become like him, lands of South America, nevertheless,

see a skilled and experienced teacher this by learning and keeping his comwhen they hear explained the doctrines willing to go at her own expense to mandments and doing his revealed will. of this Church, when they understand

teach these eager children and to lead The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterits teachings, and when they see its them to a testimony that the glory of day Saints teaches that man's pursuit programs in action, they are not antagoGod is intelligence and that truth will of truth is his eternal quest: nistic to its message. Rather, they

make them free. "And this is life eternal, 'that they respond to the opportunity to hold the

Journey next to a city nestled in the might know thee the only true God, priesthood, to give service freely, to center of the Brazilian coffee plantations and Jesus Christ whom thou hast sent."exercise the power of leadership, todo

(an industry, incidentally, that we have (John 17:3.) something and be somebody, because

been accused of trying to put out of And now as we return from South the promises of the Lord and the prophe464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cies of his servants concerning these out those with the greatest significance this time scientist could with equal lands and this people are now being to us personally. You may think that speed go up into the future to study

fulfilled. your most important day is the day of civilizations and institutions as they

I bear my witness that this Church your birth. That is the day when an would someday actually be. And his

is indeed the restored Church of Jesus important new life came into being. Or speedometer always indicated which

Christ, that he is at its head directing it may be the day of your baptism. year of time he was in.

it today by direct and authoritative That was the day when you repented While this story is only a fantasy, it revelation to his living prophet, Presiof your sins and made a covenant with contains the germ of a great possident David O. McKay. I know there is God that you would live your life at its bility. Actually our minds have been

a great awakening among the people of best. You may think that your most equipped with some significant timeSouth America and a yearning for a important day is the day of your martraveling abilities. In thought, we canbetter life—not only a desire for the riage. That is when a new family was go backward or forward across time

material blessings but a deep searching born. Certainly the day of your death faster than any missile can travel

and longing for the spiritual heritage will be a very interesting day. through space. In President McKay's

which they have been promised, to Someone has said that the most imgreat book, Gospel Ideals, he has one which they are entitled. The Lord has portant event in life is death. Death is paragraph in which he says, "Last

set his bless to this choice hand land to the I immortality. live gateway night about mother."dreamed my We this of destiny. peopleand promise and die, to live. die to then and like said, "I then we he to would And

I invite all to seek everywhere men Ordinarily like don't to think we often."about dream mother more my this gospel thewithin that supreme joy is it about associated death because In his his with into he back dream went own

testicertainty of this the fromcomes unpleasantness. relived past arid those important days

I it in the ofmony, do and name death But at does his not mother's cease to exist knee, learned he when Christ.Jesus Amen.

it is life merely lessons the because of that ignored. to brought anThe him

cient Egyptians had a much more logical the presidency of the Church. Upon

procedure for handling this situation. awaking he found that his ideals had

On their important festive occasions been renewed and his ambitions greatly they kept constantly on display before strengthened. He had revitalized his

the revelers a great image of death. life by reabsorbing the original good

They wanted to remind themselves from the greatest experiences of his that someday they would die. Now I own past.

don't want to frighten anyone unduly Whether we refer to this process as here today, but I would just like to reflection, meditation, or assimilation, a point out in passing that someday each great source of strength may be had one of us is going to die. Someone has from reliving the past. An even greater

said of strength source that judging can prepast the from from there come J DAY living the of events important very will be few of this us get of out our own

Sterling W. Sill worldwisest waysalive, toandspendcertainlylife is inoneanofeffecthe mightfutures.be Thiscalled abilityvision toor lookforesightaheador

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve tive preparation for death. the utilization of that wonderful power

Branch Rickey, the famous baseball of imagination, which is like a giant

My brothers and sisters, I appreciate manager, was once asked to name his radar beam searching the skies of future very much this privilege of having a greatest day in baseball. He replied, years. Someone has said that one of

part with you in this great general "I haven't had it yet."And I would the greatest gifts that God has ever

conference of the Church. This is one like to invite you to consider this imgiven to man is an imagination.

application of that interesting custom portant question. How could you emWhen in our minds we prelive our

had among us, whereby we set aside ploy your life more constructively than marriage, we help to determine the special days to think about special in getting ready for those exciting exkind of person that we would like to things. That is, we set aside the secperiences that you haven't yet had? be when that event arrives. As we preond Sunday in May as Mother's Day. H. G. Wells gave us some stimulatlive our success, we develop the abiliAnd on that day we let our minds ing selfimprovement help, when many ties necessary to bring it about. And

reach up and try to understand the years ago he wrote an interesting with the information and direction purpose for which that day is set apart. fantasy entitled The Time Machine. given us in the Holy Scriptures we can

We set apart the third Sunday in June Out of his imagination he invented a even prelive that important period that as Father's Day for the same reason. machine that could carry people lies beyond the boundaries of this life.

And someone has said that the huthrough time much as an airplane In a very literal way, God has given man mind has some of the qualities of carries us through space. In his jme important timetraveling abilities to the

the tendrils of a climbing vine. It tends machine Mr. Wells could go thousands prophets; for example, Abraham was

to attach itself and draw itself upward of years back into the past in just a permitted to go back thousands of by what it is put in contact with. few minutes. Being a historian he took years into the past to review his own

Then we have some other wonderful great delight in witnessing the impremortal existence and learn somedays in which we put our minds in portant events of history while they thing about the purposes of God, even contact with other important ideas. We were actually taking place. before this earth had been created. In

have Memorial Day, and Easter, and He made a trip back to the year 1066 telling of this experience Abraham

Christmas, and the Fourth of July. We to verify personally some of the details said, "Now the Lord had shown unto

set aside the fourth Thursday in of the Battle of Hastings. Then he me, Abraham, the intelligences that

November as Thanksgiving, and on that went still farther back for a visit in the were organized before the world was;

day we try to build gratitude and apGolden Age of Greece, and he personand among all these there were many preciation into our lives. And as we ally discussed philosophy with Socrates of the noble and great ones;

recount our blessings, we increase them. 400 years BC. With his mission com- "And God saw these souls that they

Suppose that at this special time we pleted, his time machine would bring were good, and he stood in the midst put our minds in contact with the wonhim back into the present. Then by of them, and he said: These I will make

derful days in our lives and single pushing the lever in the other direction, my rulers; for he stood among those

JUNE 1964 465 that were spirits, and he... said unto insistent in depriving God, the greatest of the Church will be there, and that

me: Abraham, thou art one of them; of all, of his body. This is especially all of the nonmembers of the Church

thou wast chosen before thou wast born. hard to understand when we know that will be there. Even Satan, and all of

"And there stood one among them it was a part of the punishment for his angels will be there. The Prophet

that was like unto God, and he said Lucifer's sin that he could never Jude said, "And the angels which kept unto those who were with him: We progress beyond the status of a spirit. not their first estate, but left their own

will go down, for there is space there, If a body of flesh and bones were not habitation, he hath reserved in everand we will take of these materials, and necessary, it never would have been lasting chains under darkness unto the we will make an earth whereon these created in the first place. If it were judgment of the great day."(Jude

may dwell; not necessary for eternity, the resur- 1:6.)

"And we will prove them herewith, rection never would have been instiIn an interesting "timemachine exto see if they will do all things whattuted. If a body were not necessary perience,"John the Apostle was persoever the Lord their God shall comfor God the Father, then there would mitted actually to preview the judgmand them; have been no point in God the Son ment. This revelation was of such

"And they who keep their first estate being resurrected. Certainly a glorious great consequence that thereafter he

shall be added upon; and they who resurrection day will be one of our most has been called John the Revelator.

keep not their first estate shall not have thrilling days. However, this revelation was not given

glory in the same kingdom with those One of the most important days of for John's benefit alone. The Lord

who keep their first estate; and they World War II was D Day. D Day was specifically instructed him to write

who keep their second estate shall have a term used to indicate an unspecified down what he saw so that we might glory added upon their heads for ever day on which some crucial military see it also. John says that while he

and ever."(Abraham 3:2226.) operation was to take place. D Day was in the spirit on the Lord's day, he

Then when Abraham came back into in World War II was on June 6, 1944. heard a voice behind him. It was a

his own present, he was more thorThat was the day on which the Allied great voice as of a trumpet "Saying, I oughly fortified for his future advenInvasion Forces swarmed onto the am Alpha and Omega, the first and the ture in life. On the other hand, Moses beaches of Normandy to reestablish last: and, What thou seest, write in a

was permitted to preview the entire their foothold in western Europe. D book,..."(Rev. 1:11.)

history of the earth from the beginning Day was the beginning of the end of John says that he turned to see who to the end thereof. On that memorable the World War II. August 15, 1945 spoke to him and he saw "... one like

occasion when Moses met God face to was called "VJ Day"or Victory in unto the Son of man, clothed with a face on the mount, he was given a great Japan Day. But the day that will garment down to the foot, and girt

vision, in which he beheld all of the probably be the most exciting of all of about... with a golden girdle.

earth. The record says there was not our days will also be a "J Day"or "His head and his hairs were white

a particle of it which he did not beJudgment Day. like wool, as white as snow; and his

hold, discerning it by the Spirit of God: This is a term frequently used in eyes were as a flame of fire;

"And he beheld also the inhabitants the scripture to indicate another un- "And his feet like unto fine brass, as thereof, and there was not a soul specified day on which the most crucial if they burned in a furnace; and his

which he beheld not;..."(Moses 1:28.) operation of our existence will take voice as the sounds of many waters."

In large part the Holy Scriptures are place. This is the world's "settlingup (Ibid., 1:1315.)

made up of great revelations which God day."It is the day when the books are This was such a glorious personage

has caused to be written down for our going to be balanced. This is the day that John said, "And when I saw him,

use in preparation for those great days that the prophets have looked forward I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid

which we haven't yet had. For what to and talked about since the world his right hand upon me, saying unto

advantage it may give us, just suppose began. In the scripture this day has me, Fear not; I am the first and the last:

that we practise preliving our own been called by various names including "I am he that liveth, and was dead;

resurrection. A recent newspaper arti- "The Day of Reckoning,""The Day and behold, I am alive forevermore...

cle told of some Russian prisoners of of the Lord,""The Great and Terrible and have the keys of hell and of death."

war returning to their families after a Day."For some it will be doomsday, (Ibid., 1:1718.)

twentyyear absence. We can imagine but many scriptural passages mention What a tremendous point to have

the pleasure of being reunited with this day as though it needed no qualifyclearly in mind, that the Redeemer is loved ones after a long separation, but ing phrase. They merely call it "The alive. And that he is alive forevermore.

what a thrilling experience it will be to Great Day."It is very interesting that During the last few hundred years,

be reunited with ourselves. at any important race the spectators the world has been flooded with the

We do not like to think about our usually congregate at the finish line. crucifix. It pictures a dead Christ

spirits and bodies being even temporAnd what could be more exciting than upon a cross of pain. But Christ did

arily separated at death. But in the to be at the finish line in the race of not remain upon the cross. Neither is

resurrection what will be the joy of the life. This is another interesting reason the tomb his dwelling place. He is

faithful when the spirit and the body why we should be ready for "J Day."alive, and he has the keys of death and

will be inseparably joined together in In our own time the Lord has said, hell. He also has the keys of eternal

celestial glory. Next to the human "Therefore... labor diligently... to life and celestial glory. To make sure

spirit, the human body is the greatest bind up the law and seal up the testithat we should understand, this glorious of all God's creations, without which mony, and to prepare the saints for being said to John, "Write the things we could never have a fulness of joy. the hour of judgment which is to which thou hast seen, and the things

Our spirits were begotten of God in come"; (D&C 88:84.) which are, and the things which shall

heaven, and one of the most important We know quite a lot about "J Day,"be hereafter"; (Ibid., 1:19.)

purposes of our mortal lives is to be and apparently it is going to be quite a Anciently men communicated with "added upon"with a body of flesh day. We know the purpose of Judgeach other by means of pictures. Now

and bones. ment Day. We know what action is we usually use words to express thought,

This was also one of the important contemplated. We know who will be but we still think in pictures. If somepurposes of the earth life of Jesus. It in court. We know that God will one tells us his experience, we can

has always been something of a mysbe there. We know that all of us will be understand it best when in our mind's

tery to me why some people are so there. We know that all of the members eye we can actually see him doing it.

466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The movie film and television have devoted, hardworking, enthusiastic, Values have changed; aims and obbecome popular because pictures are one full tithepaying member of God's kingjectives are widely different.

of the best ways to get ideas into our dom when we stand before the judgIn no area is there a more interesting minds. John didn't just get the facts ment bar. But we must get the impulse adjustment going on than in the field

about the judgment, he actually saw it to faithfulness ahead of time; as someof religion. We are passing through a

as it will someday take place. Then he one has said that hell is "truth seen modern reformation, literally. In "many

transmitted these ideas to us in words, too late."respects it is similar to that of the

so that we could reconstruct the picture Concerning those who fail to pass sixteenth century, and yet it is totally in our own minds. How well we dethe final test on J Day, John says, "And different in other ways.

develop this mental picturing power whosoever was not found written in The most astonishing thing about it will largely determine our future. the book of life was cast into the lake is. that both Catholics and the major

Former Prime Minister Disraeli once of fire."(Rev. 20:15.) What an expeProtestant groups want it and agree

said, "Genius is the power to visualize rience that is going to be! that it is needed. Both are working to

the objective."This is especially true of Then for the benefit of the faithful, bring it about, each group trying to

eternal objectives. If we lack this ability, John says, "And I saw a new heaven reform its own rituals and dogmas at

we will certainly have trouble. Recently and a new earth: for the first heaven first, with serious intentions toward a

a friend said to me, "I just can't see and the first earth were passed away; union of some of the denominations

myself being active in the Church."and there was no more sea. afterward.

Neither can he see himself getting down "And I John saw the holy city, [the] It is significant and encouraging that on his knees before God. There are new Jerusalem coming down from God in this modern reformation both Cathsome people who can't see the advanout of heaven, prepared as a bride olics and Protestants have in mind one

tages of honesty or morality or complyadorned for her husband. great goal: to remodel their creeds and

ing with the other commandments of "And I heard a great voice out of practices in order to bring them back

God. This is not because they lack heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle to the teachings of Christ and the Bible.

eyes. What they lack is the picturing of God is with men, and he will dwell That Christendom needs such a

will deny. churches one change, no The faith. It shall will of his people, help be us with a great and theypower them

first are to admit the it, and if project effectively shallto live them, themselves himself be with more we and God

John's words upon the screen of our and be their God. are more vocal than any other group in

steps are for calling neceswhatever see will to able all shall so that be tears wipe "Andminds away we God spirituality to the bring sary to back greatest as their of picture eyes; shall fromthe our there day we and be no

to the the people back people and it. experience death, actually crying,will neither sorrow, nor more someday

of clergy the churches. even But some

I shall said, neither there the pain: dead, be any more saw "And John

to the contributed weakened have for the great, former things before are passedsmall away. stand and and God; position, Christian makes which now that sat the another thronethe he "And books opened: upon and were

this necessary. reformation

I said, is all things Behold, of new. the opened, makebook book was which in great archbishop one church An saidlife: these for Write: of unto he me, the out And judged were dead and recently of challenged miracles the

faithful. true are in written the words thingsthose and were which Christ. in a wrote bishop book which A

all shall inherit that their to overcometh according "He works.books, of Christian repudiated the he concept

I things; his will the the he and God, sea which and be dead gave up "And title: for Deity himself the earned and

shall 21:1-7.) {Ibid., hell delivered be in death and it; andwere my son."Bishop without God. preacher Another A

sisters, brothers in were and and them: which dead what a lotup the My his to believe parish not the warned

they were judged every man according of thrilling experiences we haven't yet book of Genesis, and certainly not to to their works."{Ibid., 20:1213.) had! May God help us to be prepared accept the story of Adam and Eve.

Even hell will be emptied for judgfor them when they arrive, I pray in the A Brooklyn pastor read to his congrement day. The problem that troubles name of Jesus Christ. Amen. gation and recommended as good literaour civil courts is that those involved ture, excerpts from a book which was

cannot frequently agree as to the facts. pronounced obscene by the New York

But probably no one will be disposed State Supreme Court. Another pastor

to argue on J Day. If God could refused a request to read the 23rd Psalm

show Abraham a rerun of his experience at the funeral service of a mother bebefore the earth was created and if he cause it was not in the printed liturgy.

could show Moses the entire history of A group of divinity students at Oxford the world before it happened, we can University told newspapers in Englandbe sure that he can show us every THE CHRISTIAN that the dominant church needed a detail of our lives exactly as they took "shock treatment,"and they proceededplace, with nothing left out. REFORMATION to provide it with a book entitled ObjecAn ancient American prophet asks tions to Christian Belief. As this sort

this important question. He said, "... Mark E. Petersen of thing has grown in the world, it has

can ye imagine yourselves brought beOf the Council of the Twelve become more than ever apparent to the fore the tribunal of God with your souls leaders of Christendom that a change filled with guilt and remorse, having a Living in the great city of London, is urgently needed to save their remembrance of all of your wickedness, Sister Petersen and I feel as if we are in crumbling structure.

yea, a perfect remembrance of all your the middle of the stage of the world The puzzling question is: How shall

wickedness, a remembrance yea that ye watching defiancehave set at the commandforward. Wea tremendousare living indramaa mostmoveinitposalsbe accomplished?are: Among the proments of God?"(Alma 5:18.) teresting period of the world's history. First—consolidate the denominations

That calls for an important ability, Sweeping changes are taking place, and so that the strong will bolster the weak.

and the best way to avoid possible events are moving forward with treSecond—Make the scriptures more

tragedy is to focus our imagination mendous speed. readable. This point has resulted in a

upon J Day before we actually get Actually we are passing through a rash of new translations of both Protesthere. We can be absolutely certain worldwide revolution in thought, edutant and Catholic versions of the Bible

that we will all want to be a faithful, cation, politics, science, and religion. in modern English.

JUNE 1964 467 Third—Reform and modernize the is not taught in the scripture. It says As a result, any return to Jesus and

teachings and rituals originating in the further that baptism in the days of the Bible will be revolutionary in its

Middle Ages, which are ineffectual now Jesus was performed by immersion, effect because most of the liturgies of in holding the interest of spaceusually in a river, and that it was symtoday originated long after Christ and age worshipers. bolic of the burial and resurrection centuries after the Bible was compiled.

One of the great Roman Catholic of Christ. They would, therefore, have to be

cardinals, taking a leading part in pro- A modern interpretation of the Ten discarded if a literal return to the early moting this movement, publicly anCommandments is called for, as well Christian Church is seriously considered.

nounced that a reformation of his own as a revision of the prayer book, which When today's religious scholars speak church is definitely required to meet is the basic liturgy of the church. As of returning to Christ and the Bible we

the modern challenge. it now stands the prayer book is reare inclined to ask:

His Eminence Julius Cardinal Dopfgarded as being too characteristic of the Will the church membership respond ner, who governs the powerful See of sixteenth century. to the radical adjustment that will be

Munich in Germany, was one of the Phases of the reformation of that required to return to Bible practices, four prelates chosen by Pope Paul VI church are being debated currently in steeped as they are in tradition?

to guide the debates in the last session Parliament which has the last word on Does the Bible contain enough detail of the Vatican Council. He recently changes in the form of worship. to instruct them fully regarding the

voiced the most direct statement yet The Central Advisory Council of the original Christian Church and its docmade by any high Catholic official on Anglican Church is presently attempttrines, so that they really may accomthe necessity of extensive reforms in that ing to reform the parish system which plish this return?

church. In fact, he asserted, the reforit says is "quaint"since it dates back On this latter point, the clerics say

mation has already begun, for that is to the seventh century. that the Bible is sufficient, for it conthe principle aim of the Vatican Council. The attitude of some of the clergy in tains all of God's word. And yet the

Speaking in Munich's Congress Hall, regard to returning to Bible practices, Bible itself admits that it is an incomfollowing his return from the meetings especially with respect to infant bapplete record and does not contain all of in Rome, he told an audience of 2,800 tism, is shown in the publication of God's word. It mentions other books

people that the time has come for the the Woodford Parish magazine in Engof scripture which are not within its church to change, and that the adjustland for February 1964. In this issue covers and therefore are not available

ment must be both a reformation and the rector of that church said: for study by anyone seeking the full

a renovation. "Generations of English babies have truth of the gospel.

He said that many church members been nurtured on this hypocrisy. Their Moses spoke of the "Book of the Covehave been lost to Catholicism because first contact with Christ and his nant,"which we do not have. He also

in their eyes the church appeared to be church, through infant baptism, is an mentions the "Book of the Wars of a "superannuated souvenir of a past unreal mixture of humbug and nonIsrael,"which has never been found.

age"which opposes the principle of sense. As one vicar said to me, 'I have We might not miss reading about

human freedom. no desire to increase the number of their wars, but it would be most helpThe church speaks to its members in baptized pagans walking about in ful in a return to God if mankind had

an ancient tongue through incomprethis parish.'the book of the sacred covenants which

hensible rituals, he explained, adding And then the rector continues: "It is the Almighty made with his people.

that its preaching has little relation to high time honesty began again in the The "Book of Jasher,"referred to by presentday life. And then he said: House of God. And where better than Joshua, is not in the Bible. The same

"The reformation of the church must in the service of Christian initiation, is true of the "Book of the Acts of be based on the teachings of Christ and baptism? Why not keep it for grownSolomon,"referred to in First Kings.

the Holy Scripture."ups as in New Testament times, and The books of Nathan and Gad, both

You may read a detailed account of have some simpler, more genuine service of whom were prophets and seers, are his address in the Atlantic edition of for babies? missing. As inspired men, their writTime magazine for February 7, 1964. "We never read in the New Testaings would be an enlightening guide on

Newsweek magazine for March 30, ment of our Lord baptising babies. But the way of truth.

1964, reports that twentyseven priests we do read of him blessing them. Ahijah and Iddo were prophets and

of the Protestant Episcopal Church in "Why then don't we adopt this New seers likewise. Would their works not

the United States have joined in writTestament practice, the practice of the inspire modern people if they were ing a new book about the failure of the Lord himself, and bring children to available? But where are they? Can

churches. They point to what they call church for blessing? we say that our Bible is actually com-

"wornout practices and attitudes"and "In my church at Woodford we have plete without them?

call for a reformation "from top just such a service. I call it an order of The "Book of Jehu"is mentioned in

to bottom."infant naming and blessing, with the Old Testament but is not included

When the Douay Version of the thanksgiving of parents."in it. Isaiah wrote a second book

Bible was revised and published in LonAnd then the good rector continues: known as the "Acts of Uzziah,"but

don in 1947, a special introductory note "Do we cling to infant baptism bewhere is it? Will anyone say that

was included to explain that a number cause we are too superstitious? Let us Isaiah's writings are not inspirational?

of changes had been made in the footnever forget that God is as sweetly His second book might prove to be most notes and annotations because those reasonable as we are. If we think that invaluable if we had it.

published in earlier editions "reflected a dying baby must be baptized, we must "The Sayings of the Seers,"another the mentality of the reformation period."look carefully to see whether we have book of sacred writings, is referred to in

The Church of England recently not gone over the border of true rethe Bible. Where is it now? Would

published a book called This Church of ligion into the realm of superstition it not be good for today's Christians in

England. It is intensely interesting and magic."their spiritual meanderings?

and illuminating. After asserting that When the doctrines of Christendom Paul wrote letters, in addition to those

extensive reforms are urgently needed, are studied carefully, it is seen that we have in our Bible, and speaks of it cites specific instances where doctrines much of our presentday worship is a them. He wrote a third letter to the

and practices of the church are at variproduct of the Middle and Dark Ages, Corinthians, and at least another one ance with the Bible; for instance, it with relatively little of it going back to the Ephesians. Where are they?

points out that the baptism of infants to the time of Christ. He also wrote an Epistle to the

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Laodiceans, but it is not in our posthey will read those predictions in it, good fruit is hewn down, and cast into session. Is the Bible then complete? for they are many. the fire.

Does it contain all of God's word? But the Bible also foretells a new "Wherefore by their fruits ye shall

Jude wrote another Epistle in addition revelation in latter days—the actual know them."(Matt. 7:1520.)

to the one in the New Testament. He revelation which is so greatly needed I pray that what I may say about that

also mentions a volume of scripture now to lead men back to Christ. A quotation may be in harmony with the

known as the "Prophecies of Enoch"reformation cannot lead them back, but great keynote address, inspired as it to which he evidently had access, but this new revelation can! was and delivered to us so masterfully

which we do not have today. We Latterday Saints have that new by our beloved President.

Then there is the matter of the revelation. We have a new prophet Sometimes those who have discoursed

Savior's teachings. He lived an intenand new scriptures also, which, added upon this text have interpreted this

sive and full life during the three years to the Bible, now point the way. This parable or figure of speech, as you may

of his public ministry. He preached to new revelation brought with it the true call it, as the fruits by which a people

multitudes repeatedly. He conversed understanding of the nature of God or a person might be judged, applied

with individuals almost constantly, and and a restoration of primitive Chrisprimarily to temporal growth or to gave many intimate instructions to the tianity. That restoration is Mormonmaterial gain. This concept is well ilTwelve. ism. It came about through the lustrated by a recent article about the

Can anyone say that his three years ministry of the Prophet Joseph Smith, Church which appeared in a national of instruction are contained in the Jun. He saw God and communed with magazine known as the Christian CenBible? they be read in the few May tury. This is the article said: did Moses. him, even as received what He

hours it takes to peruse he said what "Looking at the revelations Isaiah. as did phenomenal from heaven, growth

in the four Gospels? three years Can the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterministers Angelic commissioned him for of

of Savior's the eloquent teachings be Saints day in recent the work, giving (Mormon) him divine authority.

condensed into three hours of reading Through him the Church of Jesus other churches which view many years,Mormaterial? Apostle says twice The John beliefs it Christ, practices and as some originally mon organized Mormon was on

in his that of fraction not a Gospel the as unbiblical bizarre ask, and earth, the in restored 'What has been our day, isSavior's ministry recorded. it does don't?'that have "its all 23, blessings. (Jan. with we powers and And

it, as love sincerely as Much we we it 1963, is 102.) p. is It true. the of beginning a

it,believe all in can truth say that we article the to goes of Then on ministry enumerate modern Christ, the Jesus is itthe Bible complete, that contains the growth, the membership of declare to the number Divine be we whom Sonall of or word, full God's text even the missionaries, of the lives, missions, of number that that God; he and has heof Savior's the instructions? the congregations, the of of new seen in been number modern modern men Obviously the other Lord gave revelahospitals, the educational is programs, in times this America. modern Andtions anciently. prophets in had He church occupying posts members high testimony the in bear the which weaddition to those usually in mentioned in government. they to go of Christ. on Then the Lord Jesus name Amen. Bible.the for spoke They him. They explain that disbelief while proclaiming

gave to enlightenment ancient men, in teachings disciplines they and many if theyand light, give too, us would suggest of reappraisal a methods and *only their writings. had we

as programs houseto-house such evanSince strayed have far so in men the relief gelism, for poor, programs thepast with the in Bible their possession, education, recreation, and employment itis likely this that itself Bible same by for for those provide cannot themwho bringcan to them back Christ?

selves, of requiring the years of two reformers of The the sixteenth cenSession, 1964 April 4, service missionary Saturday Afternoon without compensatury it Bible, the had but did not keep tion, of extensive the use and laymen drifting in fromthem different directo to a the keep of number minimumtions disputing and violently among professional leaders as possible church tothemselves as right. which was way THE STRENGTH of explanations of the the growth the of reformers Can today any do Church.better? OF THE CHURCH article this concludes then with The they light Have any more and undersignificant very statement a from book

Ifstanding? so, did it? where get they B. Harold Lee S. entitled written Frank by Meads Further enlightenment, dependable of the the Twelve Council Of the in Denominations Handbook of toenough guide to back God, men must States, declared that United who fromcome God. revelaThat means

I like the For next "missionary should the experience few minutes Mormons'tion—prophecy—today. direct to of their thinking the strengthens one your both upon and them

If our learned really believe men offers quotations great of a from and our Church, Lord church and modeltheir Bibles to they which hope now of in service Master, equalled zeal and very a few quotation has which been return,to will they also believe that in text for larger the America."the other churches a discourse throughmany revelationmodern to rescue must come years. the said: Press, out 1956, York: Abingdon Master (New The the into fromthem morass they which

false of prophets, 126.) "Beware p. which fallen, is forhave that the what to in last sheep's clothing, suggests that the come you This but commentBible teaches.

inwardly are fruits they the true ravening wolves. and which by Church they seek return a to Christ When

its shall fruits. disciples their "Ye judged. best be by know them may Bible, the theyand publicly and honfigs thorns, last gather of or grapes recalls This quotation men Do somethingestly that admit they strayed have from thistles? of that written his Dr. in was by Mosheim his teachings, andhim that the and so Ecclesiastical every tree relative "Even History to bringeth the gooddoctrines all they which have taught forth fruit; disciples of good the true of a but period tree corrupt the mark

differ yearsthese from the revealed evil bringeth forth fruit. following crucifixion of the Savior. the

word. "A good tree cannot bring forth evil He said, "Historians testify that even

The scriptures predicted this defruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring after the Master's death, he was still parture from early Christianity; and forth good fruit. their omnipotent protector and their

when men return to the Bible, we hope "Every tree that bringeth not forth benevolent guide."Dr. Mosheim speaks

JUNE 1964 469 of the fulfilment of the Master's promas "fruit"or "fruits."He said, "I am We were back East a short time ago,

ise that he would send to them the gift the vine, ye are the branches: He that and a good bishop made an interesting

of the Holy Ghost, the Comforter, who abideth in me, and I in him, the same comment about what he called the would "teach them all things, bring all bringeth forth much fruit: for without saddest words that he knows of a man

things to their remembrance and show me ye can do nothing. in high station. He read from the

them things to come. He would guide "Ye have not chosen me, but I have words in the days of the Apostle Paul

them into all truth and would testify chosen you, and ordained you, that ye when Paul before King Agrippa had of him."(See John 14:26; 15:26; 16:13.) should go and bring forth fruit, and borne his powerful testimony of his

Then the doctor explains that this that your fruit should remain: that conversion. King Agrippa's reply was,

fulfilment came on the day of Pentewhatsoever ye shall ask of the Father "Almost thou persuadest me to be a cost. He records a remarkable change in my name, he may give it you."Christian."(Acts 26:28.) Then the

noticeable in the disciples after this (John 15:5, 16.) bishop said, "The king knew the truth

great event in these words: "The conSpeaking of these same gifts, the but he lacked the courage to do that

sequences of this grand event were Prophet Alma says: "Yea, after having which would be required; and he could

surprising and glorious, infinitely honbeen such a highly favored people of the only say then, 'Almost thou persuadest,'ourable to the Christian religion, and Lord; yea, after having been favored almost persuaded under certain cirthe divine mission of its triumphant above every other nation,... cumstances to do the thing the Lord

author. For no sooner had the apostles "Having been visited by the Spirit would want him to do."

received this precious gift, this celestial of God; having conversed with angels, And then he characterized some

guide, than their ignorance was turned and having been spoken unto by the things that he discovered in his own into light, their doubts into certainty, voice of the Lord; and having the spirit ward in a short but powerful sermon.

their fears into a firm and invincible of prophecy, and the spirit of revelation, "In response to the Master, 'Come...

fortitude, and their former backwardand also many gifts, the gift of speakfollow me'(Mark 10:21), some members

ness into an ardent and inextinguishable ing with tongues, and the gift of almost,"he said, "but not quite, say, their to undertakezeal, led persuadest them almost which to be hongift me of the preaching, the Holy 'thou and "intrepidity office the utmostsacred with est but I need extra help to pass a test.'gift of translation"; the Ghost, and

and alacrity of mind. This marvellous (Alma 9:2021.) You young people in the choir might

event was attended with a variety of From the beginning, our prophetthink of that.

gifts; particularly the gift of tongues, leaders have declared, as did the Apos- "Almost thou persuadest me to keep

so indispensably necessary to qualify tle Paul, "... that your body is the the Sabbath day holy, but it's fun to

the apostles to preach the gospel to the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in play ball on Sunday.

different nations. These holy apostles you,..."(1 Cor. 6:19) and then he "Almost thou persuadest me to love

were also filled with a perfect persuasaid, "If any man defile the temple of my neighbor, but he is a rascal; to be

sion, founded on Christ's express promGod, him shall God destroy; for the tolerant of others'views, but they are

ise, that the divine presence would temple of God is holy, which temple dead wrong; to be kind to sister, but

perpetually accompany them, and show ye are."(Ibid., 3:17.) she hit me first; to go home teaching,

itself by miraculous interpositions, as And again in a revelation in our day, but it's so cold and damp outside tooften as the success of their ministry the Lord said, "For if you keep my comnight; to pay tithes and offerings, but

should render this necessary. And, inmandments you shall receive of his we do need a new color TV set; to

deed, there were undoubted marks of a fulness, and be glorified in me as I am find the owner of a lost watch, but no celestial power perpetually attending in the Father; therefore, I say unto you, one returned the watch I lost; to pass

their ministry. There was in their very you shall receive grace for grace."the Sacrament, but I've graduated from

language an incredible energy, an (D&C 93:20.) the deacons now; almost thou peramazing power of sending light into In other words, these scriptures are suadest me to be reverent, but I had

the understanding, and conviction into repeating what the Master had deto tell my pal about my date last night;

the heart."(J. L. von Mosheim, Ecclesiclared: If we would have the good fruits almost thou persuadest me to attend

astical History, pp. 61, 67.) of these spiritual gifts, we must make stake leadership meeting, but I know

Today, as it was then, it might well sure that we keep the tree good. more than the leader on that subject,

be said that the greatest miracles we An interesting distinction between so why should I go. Thou persuadest

see are not the healings of sick bodies, those who bring forth good fruit and me almost to go to Sacrament meeting, but the miraculous changes that come those who do not is well illustrated in but there is going to be such an uninto the lives of those who become memthe parable of the sower, as you recall, interesting speaker tonight. Almost!

bers of the Church, as all missionaries where the Master described the three Almost! Almost! but not quite, not

will testify. The greatest strength of the categories of presumably church memable quite to reach."

Church is not the number of units we bers—those who brought forth fruit There are incidents which illustrate

have, not the amount of tithing that is "some an hundredfold,"he said, "some how good fruit can be developed by paid, nor the congregations, but the sixtyfold, some thirtyfold."(Matt. 13:8.) proper cultivation of the seeds of faith

greatest strength is the united and ferAnd in the interpretation of Lehi's. through keeping fully the commandvent testimonies that are in the hearts dream in the Book of Mormon, he has ments, and I want to cite just two very

of church members. And by that same four categories: those who partook of briefly, even though at first the quality

token, we might say that the greatest the fruit, you will recall, and remained of the fruits of the Spirit was not so.

weapon against all untruth, whether it stedfast; those who did partake and I have on my desk a letter, and I shall

be in science, socalled, or in the then were blinded by mists of darkness not tell the name, of course, and no philosophies of the world, or in comwhich arose from the river and lost one excepting she will know of whom speak, of four mother a has their gone as I far so those who went way; who greatest the not, or whatmunism,

illness, that alleviated through pain fruit was taste the then fell and away of to gospel of the truth theweapon is later to discovered be by was ridiculed what those they because were by

Jesus Christ, which preached in power living in spacious dwellings, representhabit-forming pills, and then came the will be a bulwark against these false ing the riches of the world; and finally fight to overcome these devastating

ideas in the world today. those who refused to partake of the drugs until she almost despaired of life.

The Master made some applications delicious fruit of the tree. (See 1 Then she went to visit a friend, and to

of the meaning of these spiritual gifts Nephi 8.) her surprise she found that her friend

470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was paralyzed by some cancerous afflicgratification of his physical nature, or tion and the severe medical treatments whether he will make as his life's purwhich had followed. After visiting suit the acquisition of spiritual qualities."

this faithful, devoted friend, she went In short, the President has said to us, home. She said, "I had a long talk with the development of one's spiritual qualithe Lord, and I started to count my ties will determine whether or not his

blessings instead of thinking that the has been a good tree, and that to be

Lord was persecuting me personally. determined only by the quality of the

fruit, I or the spiritual gifts which meeting. go to Sacrament NowNow WAS JOSEPH Society. I Relief the come therefrom.I go to am visiting

sick, that taking something mother and through the went A young I am SMITH CALLEDI I visit. taktrying experience of cooked have having a little when I am

childing to friends killed books accident, church was in an from whom who

I estranged."previously been and she a blessing OF GOD? Then had came sought and

she wrote, "I have now climbed from for comfort. She asked through her

the dark depths of despair to the brink tears, "Must there always be pain in Bruce R. McConkie

where I can now see the sun. I am this life?"I thought a few minutes, Of the First Council of the Seventy

trying to follow the counsel, 'Keep your and then said, "The Apostle Paul said eyes fixed on the stars.'of the Master, the Lord and Savior, To all who love the Lord and desire

A short while ago, Elder Franklin D. 'Though he were a Son, yet learned he salvation in his kingdom, I pose this

Richards and I late at night were asked obedience by the things which he question: Was Joseph Smith called

by a fine young bishop and his stake suffered.'(Heb. 5:8.) I suppose that of God? In every age the great question

leaders if we would participate in adthe answer is yes; there must always is whether the prophet of that day was

ministering to him. He was facing the be pain in this life of travail and sorrow, sent of God. Those who faced the

possibility of an operation for a fatal and there is a purpose in it all."peril of a worlddestroying flood were

malady. They had in obedience to the required to answer this question: Was

Lord's command sought in the Lord's "The road is rough, I said Noah called of God? Those seeking

way for help. He was giving all the Dear Lord, there are stones that hurt escape from slavery in Egypt were

service he could as a bishop. He and me so. forced to decide: Was Moses called of

his wife had been married in the temAnd he said, Dear child, I understand, God? Those among whom our Lord

ple, and with his wife they had been I walked it long ago. himself ministered had to decide, at the

faithful in having a little family; and peril of their own eternal salvation,

now he had come asking the Lord for "But there is a cool green path, I said whether Jesus of Nazareth was the ithelp. about heard no more promised Messiah, of the very Son We God. for Let there walk a time. me

letter last there thisuntil it is a so week came today. And In an age when child, gently answered me, He No

this: his said that wifefrom people some that assume Deity no road does green climb. not The operated they while longer found and "They speaks through as prophets he

of did anciently,masses appeared had what by great the question facing

I is said, far burden, too great, "My is: to in theXray malignant honest be tumors truth seekers Joseph Was it bear can I so? How allchest cavity, called amazingly they Smith of If were God? Joseph Smith

its I child, said he, remember My to called benign. befound As for of husband was the gospel God, my plan

and me, one word describes our feelweight, restored through his instrumentality is

I carried my cross, you know. the mind and will of the Lord and theings now—rededication—to each other,

to the Lord, and to our part in buildonly way whereby men can gain full ing up his kingdom upon this earth. "But, I said, I wish there were friends salvation in the kingdom of heaven.

My husband asked me to mention in with me Accordingly, we announce that God this letter to you that the bishop Who would make my way their own. has spoken again in our day; that the

who returns to the people of his ward Ah, yes, he said, Gethsemane heavens are no longer sealed; that

is a more humble, compassionate, and Was hard to face alone. revelation has commenced anew; that

dedicated servant than ever before. It the promised era of restoration and

has taken this experience, though fright- "And so I climbed the stony path, gathering has begun. We teach and

ening as it has been, to bring me to the Content at last to know testify that God has restored the fulness of life hisfull everlasting realization of precious that the how itThat where Master had not gone, myself is is of this glorious gospel its glory, Church and how Christ—ingospel;all not to go. need I would all like for unites beauty, ours love and a againwhich been Jesusperfection—has

time and eternity."

Through their surmounting sickness, "And strangely then I found new friends setof Godup onis againearth; herethat amongthe verymen.kingdom

heartaches, and disappointments, their The burden grew less sore We speak with surety of angels comexperiences had resulted in better As I remembered—long ago ing to earth to confer priesthood, to

fruit. They had proved their fruit by He went that way before."bestow keys, to minister to men. We

their works. By their fruits, the Lord proclaim that an unchangeable God, in

has proved them. Life and service have ("In His Steps"—Leona B. Gates) whose sight a soul is just as precious

taken on an altogether different meaning. today as it ever was, has again poured

On a missionary program that I read God help us to understand how we out upon his Saints the same signs, the the other night, words of President shall develop sometimes through heartsame gifts of the Spirit, the same mirMcKay were quoted that seem approache, sorrow, and tears those spiritual acles enjoyed of old. We are witnesses

priate to what I am talking about. Presiqualities except for which none of us that the plan of salvation is revealed

dent McKay was quoted as having said: can achieve to the place of kinship to anew, and we are doing all in our

"Man's earthly existence is but a test him who suffered more than any of us power to teach its terms and conditions as to whether he will concentrate his may understand, and this I pray and to our Father's children everywhere, so efforts, his mind, his soul, upon things bear you my solemn witness in the that they can gain peace in this life that will contribute to the comfort and name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. and eternal life in the world to come.

JUNE 1964 471 If all this is true—and we so testify tion, to meet all the challenges of a "The ends of the earth shall inquire

(as did the prophets of old of the truth modern world, were added to the canon after thy name, and fools shall have and divinity of their messages)—there of scripture. thee in derision, and hell shall rage

neither is nor can be any message to On April 6, 1830, by revelation and against thee;

compare with it. If the voice of God commandment, the Church of Jesus "While the pure in heart, and the

is heard again; if angels are descending Christ, the same organization set up wise, and the noble, and the virtuous,

again from the courts on high; if the and perfected by Jesus and his Apostles shall seek counsel, and authority, and

gift of the Holy Ghost is again poured of old, was again established among blessings constantly from under thy out upon men—what is there in all men. In it the Lord placed Apostles hand."(D&C 122:1-2.)

the earth to compare in importance and prophets, revelation and visions, Certainly salvation centers in and with it? signs and miracles, the gift of the Holy comes because of Christ and his atoning

And it all began, for our day, with Ghost, the true doctrines of salvation sacrifice. He is the Lord God OmnipoJoseph Smith and other faithful souls indeed, all that was enjoyed by those tent, the Creator, the Redeemer, the

associated with him. In the spring of of old who wrought righteousness, obSavior of the World. But Christ is

1820 a spirit of religious revivalism tained promises, and gained eternal life. known by and revealed through his

swept the frontier areas of America. To this newly setup kingdom of our prophets. Joseph Smith was the reContending professors of religion were Lord, the command came to carry the vealer of Christ and his gospel to the

crying, "Lo, here is Christ,"or restored message of salvation to all world for this age. When the ends

"Lo, there."men. With this commission came the of the earth inquire after the name of

Finding himself "In the midst of this revealed promise that the gospel would Joseph Smith, it is because they seek the war of words and tumult of opinions,"roll forth, as the stone cut from the knowledge of Christ and of salvation

Joseph Smith was led by the Spirit to mountain without hands, until it filled that was revealed through him. Inask: "Who of all these parties are right; the whole earth. The present Church deed, the revealed decree of Christ to

or, are they all wrong together? If of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, Joseph Smith is: "... this generation

any one of them be right, which is it, with its millions of members and tens shall have my word through you."

and how shall I know it?"(Joseph of thousands of missionaries, is con- (Ibid., 5:10.)

Smith 2:10.) tinuing the work which will some day Further: To the newly established

He read in the Epistle of James: "If see the fulfilment of this divine promise. Church in this dispensation the Lord

any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of Now, what of all these things? Are said, speaking of Joseph Smith: "...

God, that giveth to all men liberally, they true or false? In the very nature thou shalt give heed unto all his words

and upbraideth not; and it shall be of things there is no middle ground. and commandments which he shall

given him."(James 1:5.) Our position is not like that of other give unto you as he receiveth them,

Guided by the Spirit, he did ask of organizations or churches. We are a walking in all holiness before me;

God. And since the time had come for peculiar people. "For his word ye shall receive, as if

the opening of this final great gospel We say God has spoken from heaven from mine own mouth, in all patience dispensation, and because he was the giving us covenants and commandments. and faith."(Ibid., 21:4-5.)

one chosen from eternity to commence We say angels have come from the Thus when we bear record of the the work, he received a transcendent presence of the Lord giving the same divine mission of Joseph Smith, we are heavenly manifestation. priesthood possessed by prophets of old. also certifying to the divine Sonship of

"... I saw a pillar of light exactly We say Joseph Smith was called of him whose servant the Prophet was.

over my head, above the brightness of God to commence the promised restituAnd when men of sobriety and sense the sun,"he says, "which descended tion of all things and the latterday testify, in all humility and with deep gradually until it fell upon me. gathering of Israel. conviction, that they know by personal

"... When the light rested upon me I We say there are on earth today revelation that Joseph Smith was a

saw two Personages, whose brightness Apostles and prophets in the same literal Prophet, an obligation rests upon all and glory defy all description, standing sense in which such men graced this who hear to investigate and learn for above me in the air. One of them spake globe in generations gone. themselves whether that testimony

unto me, calling me by name and said, We say The Church of Jesus Christ is true.

for himself thatpointing to the other—This is My of Latterday Saints is the kingdom of When Philip learned

Beloved Son. Hear Him!"(Joseph God on earth and that in and through Jesus was the promised Messiah, he

Smith 2:1617.) it men may gain the kingdom of heaven sought out Nathanael and bore this

Then from the lips of the Resurrected hereafter. testimony: "We have found him, of

Lord, the young Prophet received the Now, these things are either true or whom Moses in the law, and the command to join none of the sects of false. Either God has spoken again prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth,

the day, and also the promise that if or the silence of centuries remains un-..."Nathanael was skeptical. "Can

he remained true and faithful he would broken. Either angels have come or there any good thing come out of

be the instrument in the Lord's hands they have not. Either the gospel has Nazareth?"he asked.

to restore again to earth the fulness been restored or the diverse and variant "Philip saith unto him, Come and of the everlasting gospel. forms of a waning Christianity remain see."

In due course, amid testings and the best hope of the world. Either Nathanael came, investigated, learned

trials, other revelations came. The Joseph Smith was called of God or he for himself, and, speaking directly to

Book of Mormon was revealed, transwas not. Jesus, bore this testimony: "... thou

lated, and published as a new witness If Joseph Smith was a Prophet, our art the Son of God; thou art the King

1:4151.) Israel."(See John true. spring of that are professions inspired of Christ From and his gospel—an

Similarly, say to we all men everypresent to the moment, day in 1820 dealings record the anwith of God's cient inhabitants of America. Angels Joseph Smith's name has increasingly where: "We have found the mighty

restored the priesthood and keys so been the center of religious inquiry. prophet of the latter days, the one

essential to the work of the Lord on Hosts of men have sought to learn called of God to bring to pass the earth. The doctrines of salvation, as about his prophetic calling. promised restitution of all things

preserved in the Bible, were confirmed Once when he was in dire and spoken by the mouths of all his holy and clarified by modern revelation. perilous circumstances the voice of God prophets since the world began."(See

New light and knowledge, new revelacomforted him with this assurance: Acts 3:1921.)

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We know some will be skeptical. do now? And may I have a big home Parley P. Pratt, also pondering eterThey will say: "Can it be that there with lots of rooms in it? And will you nity, wrote: "The order of God's governis saving eternity, keep both as in are ment, in time of actually prophetsare on earth up for you and God it—just

is, it patriarchal; that fatherly Is it gives is a possible Promise now? that say promise govagain? me, me, God

revelation today?"To which we say: yes, say yes, right now say yes."ernment. Each father who is raised

"Come and see. Inquire. Investigate. So, I said "yes."I was trapped—and from the dead and made a partaker of

Learn for yourself. Ask God. Re- I promised, and I sealed the promise the celestial glory in its fulness will

member the promise: 'If any of you with a kiss. Well, she fairly pounded hold lawful jurisdiction over his own

lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that the promise out of me with her fists, children and over all the families which giveth to all men liberally, and upstill clenching the lapels of my coat. sprang of them to all generations, forbraideth not; and it shall be given Besides, a promise with a million years ever and ever."(The Improvement Era,

him."'(James 1:5.) to make it good didn't seem to bother August 1961, p. 580.)

In issuing this invitation we know full me at that moment and, thinking out President McKay, Joseph Smith, and well that "the pure in heart, and the loud, I said, "If I save only one dollar Parley P. Pratt were obviously speaking

wise, and the noble, and the virtuous,"a year over a million years, I could of souls who faithfully observe the laws among all nations will gain personal save a million dollars and that should and ordinances of the gospel.

testimonies of the divinity of this great buy a mansion."My bride and I, pondering eternity,

latterday work. They will know as we "That's what I want;"she said, "a decided, of course, on a temple marriage.

know that Joseph Smith was called of mansion. Jesus said 'In my Father's Our children came to us under that

God, for the Spirit will bear record to house are many mansions:...'(John marriage covenant. The plans for

them, as it has to us, and as it did to 14:2) and we'll need one—a big one for building a "mansion in the sky"wethe modern Apostle who, in announcing our spirit children. I hope we have many found in the gospel plan—and in that

for the Church the martyrdom of the of them. Daddy, your family may not plan we learned how to build, also how

Prophet, wrote these words: all be raised—one million years from to save to insure eternal love and eter-

"Joseph Smith, the Prophet and Seer now. You see, dear,"—she was still nal life.

of the Lord, has done more, save Jesus talking, and now there was no trace My wife, in her pretended prettyonly, for the salvation of men in this of facetiousness in her speech—"my speech, pleasingly disclosed what the

world, than any other man that ever love for you is eternal, as is my love for gospel may do for faithful, covenanted lived in it."(D&C 135:3.) our children—those with us now and children hereafter, or futurewise.

In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. those to come hereafter. I want an Pertinent to that future state, the

Amen. eternal family. I want to share with Apostle Paul made this cheerful comyou eternal life. Please build for all of ment: "... God, that cannot lie, promus a 'mansion in the sky.'Save up for ised before the world began"; "... in

it please."the hope of eternal life"things that "Eye

Those last three short sentences: hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither

have entered into the heart of men,

My love for you is eternal.... the things which God hath prepared

2:9.) I want to share with you eternal life. 1 Cor.GOSPEL BLESSINGS I want an eternal family. for them that love him."(Titus 1:2; Suppose - FUTUREWISE comprise the prettiest speech my wife the "cloudsweof nowheaven"come anddownpulloutourof

ever meant to make. Factually she thoughts away from "mansions in the - PRESENTWISE didn't speak them—save in her heart, sky"and focus them for a minute or

did she inspire blessings but the two on them. the gospel which The - PASTWISE for hers; holds us melody presentwise, was the lyrics. right I added here

What a melody of love for couples conand now.

William J. Critchlow, Jr. templating marriage vows—husbands First on my list I've placed: Assistant to the Council of the Twelve and wives—others—who will pause to The privilege of associating and felponder on what eternity may hold for lowshiping with good friends and you

Once, as my wife and I were observing them, futurewise. great leaders. This is a blessing we

our wedding anniversary quietly at President McKay must have pondered usually take for granted. I have found

home I called across a room to her on eternity, else why did he write: such leaders and friends in every stake

facetiously: "Mama, where will we "love is as eternal as the spirit of man and mission in which I've visited. And

be one million years from now?"... if earthly things are typical of how I have enjoyed them.

spirit things, in heavenly Opportunities the for service like that, world she is another we "Oh, pshaw,"said—just very shall recognize special privilege our loved ones in as and blessing. a glance andwithout as much my

direction. She was busy frosting a know them as we loved them here... Happiness, a byproduct of service,

cake. Then, all of a sudden, she for each of you husbands will recognaturally follows opportunity for servstartled me. Laying down her spatula, nize your wife... and you will love ice. Only those who have served will

she turned and came toward me, and, her there as you love her here.... appreciate this blessing. Returned misgrasping the lapels of my coat, she Why should death separate you when sionaries attest this enthusiastically.

pulled herself up on her toes and with love will continue after death?"Health through obedience to the

her lips close to mine, she said tenderly: (Dedicatory speech—Swiss Temple.) gospel's law of health, the Word of"I only know I want to be with you, The Prophet Joseph Smith, pondering Wisdom—is a blessing sometimes lightly

one million years from now. And may eternity, said he expected "to take his appreciated.

I have the boys (our two sons) home relatives and friends by the hand, and Ministrations of the Holy Ghost, to for breakfast every Tuesday, just as we embrace them. Father, son, mother, acquaint me with truth and to comdo now? And may I have all of the daughter, brother, sister, wife, children fort me in trials and sorrows, are blessings

grandchildren home for Thanksgiving?—these all would be as dear in the I wish I had time to explore with you.

And may I have a big Christmas tree Hereafter as here."(Joseph Smith an Peace of mind is another blessing

and logs in the fireplace and all of the American Prophet, John Henry Evans, which I must explore briefly.

family home for Christmas—just as we p. 261.) Once when Dr. Joshua Loth LiebJUNE 1964 473

man was a young man, he "undertook whence I came, and my status after merely saying, "Our Father who art in to draw up a catalogue of the acknowldeath. The gospel has resolved these heaven."And there will never be a

edged 'goods'of life... I set down,"problems for me—it will for all who busy line, never any interference, never

he said, "my inventory of earthly deaccept it. a line out of order. God always hears

sirables: health, love, beauty, talent, The opportunity to have the priestand answers the prayers of the faithful.

power, riches, and fame.... When hood is, in my humble opinion, perhaps His messages to his children usually

my inventory was complete I proudly the greatest blessing to accrue to me come by inspiration or revelation. Oral

showed it to a wise elder.... by virtue of the gospel and my memmessages are not always exclusively for

"'An excellent list,'he said, 'and bership in the Church. Appraising this his prophets.

set down in notunreasonable order. blessing our Lord and Savior said: When these human receiving sets

But... you have omitted the most im- "... all they who receive this priestare energized with priesthood, by the

portant element of all... lacking hood receive me.... laying on of authoritative hands, the

which... your list [becomes] an in- "And he that receiveth me receiveth communication lines are activated and

tolerable burden.'my Father; the transmission lines are opened to

"With a pencil stub he crossed out "And he that receiveth my Father permit the flow of priesthood power.

my entire schedule. Then... he wrote receiveth my Father's kingdom; thereAnd by that power the sick are blessed,

down three syllables: peace of mind. fore all that my Father hath shall be the sorrowful are comforted, the abili-

"'This is the gift that God reserved given him."(D&C 84:35, 3738.) ties of officers to serve are strengthened.

for His special proteges,'he said. 'TalObviously, all that the Father hath Men are thus empowered and magnient and health He gives to many. will not accrue to men here in this fied in their callings.

Wealth is commonplace, fame not rare. mortal sphere of everlasting life, but The gospel and my church memberBut peace of mind...He bestows when did our Father ever place a limit ship afford me the opportunity to

it charily.'on the number of blessings mortal have the priesthood. It is a very choice

"'This is no private opinion of mine,'men might receive in time and place blessing.

he explained. 'I am merely paraphrasof need provided they honor their My list of gospel blessings is not

ing, from the Psalmist... God, Lord priesthood? exhausted—far from it. Time, however,

of the Universe... heap worldly gifts To Jesus was given the assignment of forbids exploring them.

at the feet of foolish men.... Give organizing or creating the world. He I began this talk with a fanciful little

me the gift of the Untroubled Mind.'was also given the responsibility of speech by my wife on what the gospel

(Liebman, Joshua Loth, Peace of Mind, carrying out his Father's program here may hold for her futurewise. I added

New York: Simon and Schuster, 1946, on earth. To assist him in his adminis- a few things, but only a few, to show

p. 3-4.) trative duties he has chosen administrawhat the gospel has done for me and

Dr. Liebman may yet discover that tive assistants and made them officers may do for you presentwise. May I

the gift of an untroubled mind, like in his kingdom. These are they who conclude with a word or two about

happiness, is a byproduct of gospel hold the priesthood. He has also prowhat the gospel teaches about our blessliving. I do sincerely believe the gospel vided, all through the ages, direct lines ings, pastwise, prenatal, or preearth.

of Jesus Christ is a certain, a sure, and of communication to his prophets, the A comment by Father Abraham, uttered a true source of peace of mind. higher officers in his kingdom, for connearly 4,000 years ago, should suffice:

Our Heavenly Father wants his chilveying instructions in matters con- "Now the Lord had shown unto me, dren to be happy, to have joy and uncerning his kingdom. He has also set Abraham, the intelligences that were

trouble minds. He didn't send us to up transmission lines and service leads organized before the world was; and

earth to be rid of us. He loves us. through which the power of God among all these were many of the noble

He doesn't always love the things we (priesthood) may flow to all of his and great ones;

do, but he does love us, and he has officers. "And God saw these souls that they

provided for us a program, a recipe, if The power of priesthood is not in were good, and he stood in the midst you please, for our happiness and peace his officers but through them just as of them, and he said: These I will

of mind. We call it the gospel of Jesus the power of electricity is not in the make my rulers; for he stood among

Christ, a few clear, concise, simple laws wire but through it. Carelessness those that were spirits, and he saw that

which if observed will provide the joy around electric power lines can be sudthey were good; and he said unto me:

he intended for us. denly lethal. Carelessness around priestAbraham, thou art one of them; thou

"... men are, that they might have hood power lines can be slowly lethal, wast chosen before thou wast born.

joy,"said an ancient prophet. (2 Nephi producing a lingering, withering, spir- "And there stood one among them

2:25.) itual death. that was like unto God, and he said

Jesus said, "These things have I The genius of man, employing the unto those who were with him: We will

spoken unto you, that my joy might great power called electricity, has made go down, for there is space there, and remain in you, and that your joy might possible the transmission and reception we will take of these materials, and we be full."(John 15:11.) of sound and sight all over and will make an earth whereon these may

dwell; around the prophet great American Joseph The beyond world—perhaps

wrote: is the objectSmith "Happiness are the "And we will prove them herewith, who knows. The sets employed

and design of our existence; and will telegraph, the telephone, radio, and to see if they will do all things whatbe the end thereof, if we pursue the TV. But the genius of man is dwarfed soever the Lord their God shall compath that leads to it;... (Teachings by the omnipotence of God, who, emmand them;

first their ploying they estate that of keep Smith, the Prophet p. "And great power who 255.) Josephof God—priest-

I sets be upon; added that created gospel hood, has they that are truly shall path keep Trodding and have who

found happiness and peace of mind. "out of this world,"for out of this not their first estate shall not have

I commend that path to Dr. Liebman world and far beyond, even nigh unto glory in the same kingdom with those

and to others as a "sure fire"remedy for Kolob where God dwells, their messages who keep their first estate; and they

troubled minds. are beamed. We call these marvelous who keep their second estate shall have

The gospel answers satisfactorily for sets, mortal bodies, my body, your glory added upon their heads for ever me problems which have piqued man's bodies. and ever.

curiosity and peace of mind throughout These souls can dial God in anytime, "And the Lord said: Whom shall I

the ages, such as why I am here, from anyplace, in any circumstances by send? And one answered like unto the

474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Son of Man: Here am I, send me. And Christ said it is more blessed to give

another answered and said: Here am I, than to receive, yet there are some who

send me. And the Lord said: I will will give only if it costs them nothing.

send the first. This is not according to the teachings

"And the second was angry, and kept of the Master who said: "If any man

not his first estate; and, at that day, will come after me, let him deny himmany followed after him. self,..."(Matt. 16:24.)

"And then the Lord said: Let us go There are some who will not live the

down, And they went down at the law of tithing because of the cost. This

beginning, and they, that is the Gods, is in contrast to the reasoning of Davidorganized and formed the heavens and THE WINDOWS who would not make an offering unto the earth."(Abraham 3:2228; 4:1.) the Lord unless it cost him something. The Prophet Joseph Smith has supOF HEAVEN The great moral principles encompassed

plemented Abraham's comment with in the law of tithing are overlooked by this informative sentence: Howard W. Hunter those who are not tithepayers, and they

"Every man who has a calling to Of the Council of the Twelve lack the understanding of the law and minister to the inhabitants of the world the reasons for it.

was ordained to that purpose in the In the twentyfourth chapter of Second The word "tithe"is derived from the

Great Council of heaven before the Samuel is an interesting story which AngloSaxon meaning "a tenth."It may

world was."(Teachings of the Prophet contains a great lesson. King David be defined as a tenth of property or inJoseph Smith, p. 365.) had caused a census to be taken of all come which is paid over or dedicated

These comments by Abraham and the people under his rule. The principle for sacred uses or purposes. The hisJoseph Smith give unspeakable joy to reason for taking the census was his tory of the word, as traced through

my soul, and they firm up my peace pride in military strength and power. biblical and extrabiblical history, foof mind no end because they give asBecause of this sin of pride, the Lord cuses our attention upon some very

surance that: I, along with you, was sent a pestilence upon Israel and 70,000 interesting information.

judged worthy to come to earth in the men perished from Dan to Beersheba. The first distinct mention of the word

flesh. We were reserved to come in The Prophet Gad came to David and "tithe"in the Bible is in the very first

the greatest dispensation of them all said to him: book of the Old Testament. Abram,

the "Dispensation of the Fulness of "Go up, rear an altar unto the Lord returning from the slaughter of the

Times."in the threshingfloor of Araunah the four kings, was met by Melchizedek,

We who bear the priesthood were Jebusite. king of Salem and priest of the Most

ordained in the Great Council of "And David, according to the saying High God. Melchizedek blessed him,

Heaven "to minister to the inhabitants of Gad, went up as the Lord comand Abram "gave him tithes of all."

of the world."Thus the gospel has manded."(2 Sam. 24:1819.) (Gen. 14:20.)

taught me about great blessings which When Araunah saw King David com- A few chapters later in the same book, accrued to me before I came to earth ing with his servants, he went to meet Jacob, at Bethel made a vow in these prenatal, premortal, preearth or pastthem and bowed down to the ground. words:

wise as I have already called it. "And Araunah said, Wherefore is my "If God will be with me, and will

So pastwise, presentwise, futurelord the king come to his servant? And keep me in this way that I go, and

wise or anywise or way I look at it, David said, To buy the threshingfloor will give me bread to eat, and raiment the gospel is very dear to me. It truly of thee, to build an altar unto the Lord, to put on,

is a program for happiness and peace that the plague may be stayed from the "So that I come again to my father's of mind. It is the Great Physician's people."(Ibid., 24:21.) house in peace; then shall the Lord be

unfailing prescription for troubled souls. In a great display of generosity, my God:

It's precious. I love it. I love its Araunah offered to give the threshing- "And this stone, which I have set for

author, and I bear my solemn witness floor to the king so that he might erect a pillar, shall be God's house: and of all

that he is the Son of God, in the name the altar. He also offered him oxen for that thou shalt give me I will surely

of Jesus Christ. Amen. the burnt sacrifice, the threshing instrugive the tenth unto thee."(Ibid.,

ments, and the yoke of the oxen for 28:2022.)

wood. All of these things Araunah The third mention is in connection

offered to give to the king without any with the Levitical law. The Lord spoke

SUMMER HAS A WAY... cost. David refused the gift and we through Moses:

read his classic reply: "And all the tithe of the land,

BY CLARE MISELES "And the king said unto Araunah, whether of the seed of the land, or of

Nay; but I will surely buy it of thee at the fruit of the tree, is the Lord's: it is

a price: neither will I offer burnt offerholy unto the Lord."(Lev. 27:30.)

Summer has a friendly way, ings unto the Lord my God of that Under this Levitical law the tithes

Of talking to the trees, which doth cost me nothing. So David were given to the Levites for their

Of making sunkissed roses, bought the threshingfloor and the oxen maintenance, and they in turn were

Good friends with bumblebees. for fifty shekels of silver. charged with the paying of tithes on

"And David built there an altar unto that which they received as shown by

Summer has a helpful way the Lord, and offered burnt offerings the words of the Lord as he instructed offerings. peace and the So Lord was Moses: the taking hand by Of for intreated Levites, land, speak the the unto the "Thus plague and and blossom, Virgin fruit and

(Ibid., Israel."say take of the stayed ye them, unto from was 24:25.) When

trust across the land. With I Israel tithes of children the offering not would which David an make

unto the Lord of that which cost him have given you from them for your

Summer has a kindly way, nothing. He no doubt reasoned that inheritance, then ye shall offer up an

Of bringing by the score, unless the gift cost the giver something heave offering of it for the Lord, even a

All her bounty—all her gifts... of value, it was not fit or appropriate tenth part of the tithe."(Num. 18:26.)

Direct to autumns door. to be an offering for the Lord. This clearly indicates that the law of

JUNE 1964 475 tithing was a part of the Levitical law from the beginning. The New TestaHeavenly Father in the very same

and paid by all people—even the ment dispensation, therefore, comcategory as the street beggar to whom

Levites themselves who were directed menced under this admonition which we might toss a coin in passing.

to pay tithing on the tithes which were continued in effect unless denounced The Lord has established the law of received by them. by the Savior. He said in his Sermon tithing, and because it is his law, it

There are some who take the posion the Mount: "Think not that I am becomes our obligation to observe it if

tion that the law of the tithe was only come to destroy the law, or the we love him and have a desire to keep a Levitical institution, but history conprophets: I am not come to destroy, but his commandments and receive his

firms the fact that it has been and is a to fulfil. blessings. In this way it becomes a

universal law. It was basic in the "For verily I say unto you, Till debt. The man who doesn't pay his

Mosaic law. It had existed from the heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tithing because he is in debt should

beginning and is found in the ancient tittle shall in no wise pass from the ask himself if he is not also in debt to

Egyptian law, in Babylonia, and can be law, till all be fulfilled."(Matt. 5:1718.) the Lord. The Master said: "But seek

traced throughout biblical history. It There are some who make the asserye first the kingdom of God and his

was mentioned by the Prophet Amos tion that Jesus denounced tithing in his righteousness: and all these things shall

and by Nehemiah who was charged last public discourse in the temple court be added unto you."(Matt. 6:33.)

with the rebuilding of the walls of when he struck out against the pracWe can't walk east and west at the

Jerusalem. Shortly thereafter Malachi tices and teachings of the Pharisees. same time. We can't serve both God

began an even greater task of rebuilding He said: and mammon. The man who rejects

the faith and the morale of a nation. "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharithe law of the tithe is the man who has

In his supreme effort to strike out sees, hypocrites! for ye pay tithe of mint not given it a fair try. Of course it costs

against the covetousness of those who and anise and cummin, and have something. It takes work and thought

were religious only in name, he lashed omitted the weightier matters of the and effort to live any of the laws of them with the accusation of a crime law, judgment, mercy, and faith: these the gospel or any of its principles.

against God. ought ye to have done, and not to leave Are we willing to keep God's com-

"Will a man rob God? Yet ye have the other undone."(Ibid., 23:23.) mandments even though it costs us

robbed me. But ye say, Wherein have This is not a denunciation of tithing, something? King David refused the

we robbed thee? In tithes and offerings. but a rebuke of the Pharisees and their gift of the threshingfloor and the oxen

"Ye are cursed with a curse: for ye legalisms. They were paying a tithing for the burnt offering because it cost

have robbed me, even this whole nation. of their herbs and vegetables, while him nothing. He wanted to be in the

"Bring ye all the tithes into the storeoverlooking the great gospel principles position of having made the gift, the house, that there may be meat in mine of judgment, mercy, and faith. sacrifice, himself. Even tithing is not

house, and prove me now herewith, Not long after the gospel was restored sufficient if it costs nothing for the saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not in this dispensation, the Lord gave a giver.

open you the windows of heaven and revelation to his people through a latterIt may be that we make a gift and pour you out a blessing, that there day prophet defining the law and realso pay an obligation with our tithes.

shall not be room enough to receive it."quiring that surplus property be put The payment of the obligation is to

(Mai. 3:8-10.) into the hands of the bishop: the Lord. The gift is to our fellow men

The words of Malachi in which he "And after that, those who have thus for the upbuilding of God's kingdom.

accused the people of robbing God bring been tithed shall pay one tenth of all If one thoughtfully observes the proseback to my mind the memories of my their interest annually; and this shall lyting done by the missionaries, the

class in crimes in law school. Larceny be a standing law unto them forever, teaching program of the Church, the

is the unlawful taking and carrying for my holy priesthood, saith the Lord."great educational system, and the buildaway of things personal with intent to (D&C 119:4.) ing program to erect houses of worship,

deprive the owner of the same. EmThe law is simply stated as "onethere will come a realization that it is

bezzlement is denned as the fraudulent tenth of all their interest."Interest not a burden to pay tithing, but a great

appropriation of another's personal means profit, compensation, increase. It privilege. The blessings of the gospel

property by one to whom it has been is the wage of one employed, the profit are shared with many through our tithes.

entrusted. - The distinction between from the operation of a business, the The principle of tithing should be

larceny and embezzlement lies in the increase of one who grows or produces, more than a mathematical, mechanical character of acquiring the possession of or the income to a person from any compliance with the law. The Lord

the property or money. In larceny other source. The Lord said it is a condemned the Pharisees for mechanithere is an unlawful acquisition of the standing law "forever"as it has been cally tithing herbs without coming into

property, while in embezzlement the in the past. the circumference of spirituality. If we

property which belongs to another is The tithe is God's law for his chilpay our tithes because of our love for acquired lawfully and then fraudulently dren, yet the payment is entirely volunthe Lord, in complete freedom and converted to the possessor's use. tary. In this respect it does not differ faith, we narrow our distance from him

In order to memorize these distincfrom the law of the Sabbath or from and our relationship to him becomes tions, I pictured in my mind, to repreany other of his laws. We may refuse intimate. We are released from the

sent larceny, a masked burglar, sneaking to obey any or all of them. Our obedibondage of legalism, and we are touched

about under the cover of darkness, takence is voluntary, but our refusal to by the spirit and feel a oneness ing that which was not his. To pay does not abrogate or repeal the law. with God.

represent the theory of embezzlement If tithing is a voluntary matter, is it The payment of tithing strengthens

I thought of a nontithepayer. The a gift or a payment of an obligation? faith, increases spirituality and spiritual

Lord's share came into his hands lawThere is a substantial difference becapacity, and solidifies testimony. It

fully, but he misappropriated it to his tween the two. A gift is a voluntary gives the satisfaction of knowing one is

own use. This seems to be the accusatransfer of money or property without complying with the will of the Lord.

tion of Malachi. consideration. It is gratuitous. No one It brings the blessings that come from

The words of Malachi close the Old owes the obligation to make a gift. If sharing with others through the purTestament with a reiteration of the law tithing is a gift, we could give whatposes for which tithing is used. We

of tithing, indicating there had been no ever we please, when we please, or cannot afford to deny ourselves these abrogation of this law which had existed make no gift at all. It would place our blessings. We cannot afford not to pay

476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA our tithing. We have a definite relabers of The Church of Jesus Christ of Well might we ask such, "Why, then,

tionship to the future as well as to the Latterday Saints. do you pray? If God is unwilling to

present. What we give, and how we God is the one sure source of truth. speak, is unwilling to guide, if there

give, and the way we meet our obligaHe is the fount of all inspiration. It can be no revelation, why seek him?"

tions to the Lord has eternal significance. is from him that the world must reThe fallacy of this position is evident;

A testimony of the law of tithing ceive direction if peace is to come to yet the world would deny the possicomes from living it. Like all other of the earth and if goodwill is to prebility of modern revelation.

God's laws, when we live them we revail among men. This earth is his Three years ago I had the opportunity

ceive the blessings. I know God lives, creation. We are his children. Out of participating in the opening of our

that Jesus is the Christ, and that blessof the love he bears for us, he will mission in the Philippines. It was an

ings do come to us by living the law guide us if we will seek, listen, and inspirational experience. We gathered

of the tithe. In the name of the obey. "Surely the Lord God will do at dawn in the American military

Savior. Amen. nothing, but he revealeth his secrets cemetery on the outskirts of the city

unto his servants the prophets."of Manila. There before us stood

* (AmosOur world3:7.) is changing. We live in the"rowgraveson row"of morethethancrosses17,000thatAmericanmark

an age of great material progress. Can dead, and inscribed on marble tablets

religion remain static when all else we saw the names of some 36,000 more is moving forward? who died in the battles of the Pacific

"THE HEAVENS doesIt isnottruechange,that man'sand essentialthat principlesnature anda grimwhoseand remainssolemn wereremindernever offoundman's laid down centuries ago by the prophets foolish inhumanity to man. ARE are as applicable today as they were Among those who spoke on that

sacred occasion they Filipino. were first was when enunciated; a young but NOT STAYED"recounted the story evidently He the world of how, knows not how when

to apply them. Today that applicahe was a child, he had found an old

Gordon B. Hinckley tion needs the direction of the Almagazine in a pile of trash. It conOf the Council of the Twelve mighty as certainly as when Jehovah tained an article on the history of our

spoke to Enoch and Moses and Isaiah people. It spoke of Joseph Smith. It

My beloved associates in the work of and Elijah. described him as a prophet. That word

the Lord: I seek the inspiration of the "For the prophecy came not in old "prophet"caught in his consciousness.

Spirit. My heart has been warmed, time by the will of man: but holy It impressed him. It raised questions in

and my testimony has been strengthmen of God spake as they were moved his young mind. "Could there really

ened by the things to which we by the Holy Ghost."(2 Pet. 1:21.) be a prophet in the earth in this time

have listened. And prophecy, which is revelation, of the world?"he asked himself.

I would be remiss in my duty if comes not now, nor will it come in the Years passed. There came to his land

before I get into my text I do not say future, by the will of man, but only the terrible tragedies of Corregidor and a word in behalf of my faithful assoas men of God speak as they are moved Bataan and the death march to Tarlac;

ciates in the distant missions of the upon by that same spirit. the strafing and bombing of Clark

Far East. I was delighted with the How povertyridden is our world in Field near his home; the hunger and

reports of President Tuttle and of Elder the wisdom of living one with anfear and oppression of the enemy occuPetersen concerning the work in South other. The stresses, the strains, the pation; and then, finally, the liberation

America, the Isles of Britain, and the tensions in human relationships, the of the Philippines and the reestablish- lands of Europe. wars and rumors of wars that conment of Clark Field as an American air

I should like to add that a great stantly afflict us all become evidence base. He secured employment there.

work is going on among the people that "... the wisdom of the wise has One day he heard that one of the

of the ancient lands of Asia. I have failed and the understanding of the American officers for whom he worked

an appointment in the next few days prudent is hid."(See Isa. 29:14.) was a Mormon. There flashed again

in Hong Kong, where we shall meet Religion, to be effective, must be a vital into his mind the word "prophet."He

in a conference of the Chinese Saints. and timely force in the lives of men. found courage to ask the man if a

There will be approximately a thousand The people today need a prophet prophet really stood at the head of of them gather in that city, and as I as surely as Israel needed a prophet his Church. Without equivocation the

look into their faces, there will come when it groaned in the toils of Egypt, officer replied yes, and there followed into my mind renewed faith and inand Moses was called to lead it an explanation, a recounting of the creased testimony in the power of God from bondage. simple and beautiful story of the apto touch men's hearts everywhere. Israel today has a prophet, and we pearance of God the Eternal Father,

My heart skipped a beat this morning give our witness to the world that and his Son, the Lord Jesus Christ, to when I looked into this group and saw the channel of communication is open a boy who had come in faith and a man from Korea, one of my beloved between God and his appointed servant. prayer to find wisdom. That testimony

brethren. The Lord is pouring out We would not take from men of touched this young Filipino's heart. His

his Spirit upon that part of the world, goodwill anywhere the standards of life has been changed by the convicand I thank him for that manifestation. truth by which they live. But we say tion that revelation from God is availNow to my text. to all, "Come, feast upon that which able to man in our time. Today he

I believe all that God has revealed, the Lord has offered in our day. To holds the priesthood and walks in the

all that he does now reveal, and I that which you have and cherish, we dignity of that priesthood, a leader of believe that he will yet reveal many invite you to add that which your the Church in his own land.

Father further hasgreat offered, for things important and there pertaining one the doubt for Can need revelain is a prophetto the the land certoday as (See of God. kingdom ninth tion this in day of complex human

tainly as thereArticle in of Faith.) ancient Israel."was problems? weeks ago Some news was

This paraphrase of a statement from There are those who have declared broadcast over the country that at a parthe Prophet Joseph Smith is the creed that the canon of scripture is full, that ticular hour on a particular day the and the guide of my life. It is the revelation ceased with the ancient surgeon general of the United States

foundation of the faith of all memApostles, that the heavens are sealed. would issue a report on the effects of

JUNE 1964 477 smoking. The release time was carefully he will yet reveal many great and implanned, presumably to affect the stock portant things.

market least seriously. Then, as President Let it be remembered that "the things

McKay indicated this morning, at the of God are understood by the Spirit of appointed hour radio, television, and God,"and that revelation is fruitless the news services dramatically anunless it be listened to and obeyed.

nounced the finding of causal relationWe have a simple and marvelous ships between the smoking of cigarets hymn among us. It came from the pen

and lung cancer. Lengthy tables of of an English convert, an orphan boy,

statistics, page upon page of data, were a man of Sheffield, a cutler in the steel enumerated to produce the conclusion mills, who more than a century ago that cigaret smoking is harmful to wrote out of the testimony of his soul General Priesthood Meeting, April 4, 1964 health. this great song of gratitude, "We thank

I thumbed through that 387page rethee, O God, for a Prophet to guide port, and then I turned to the revelation us in these latter days."BUILTIN

of the Lord given through the Prophet To the world we give our witness thatJoseph Smith wherein he said simply there is revelation of the word of God STRENGTH but unequivocally, "... tobacco... as certainly in the atomic age as there

of in It is just the age Jeremiah. wasis not 89:8.) good for man."(D&C Bishop Vandenherg John H.

true. just that that simple and I grateful for the of those work am Presiding Bishop of anointed the Smith was Josephscientists the report on made who

this dispensation. to the Lord Well I their thatsmoking. confident am I flying weeks ago over the Two was the of repeat words the might wediscoveries will suffering save untold as in Hoover jet a passenger a ". Dam.. shall stay the Lord: power What of living years useful untold addand airliner. sitting person next to The me stretch well heavens? might As man their willto those counsel. heed who of peered the out the window, viewing the forth his to Missouri stop arm puny suffering,But how how much many reaches of expanse and Lake Mead it vast its course, river to in or turn decreed theirdeaths conclusions which upon below, his and then attennarrowing as to hinder stream, the Almighty up based, avoided might have beenwere

tion to the exclaimed, Hoover Dam, from pouring knowledge from down statistics those for ahad became who "It incredible that seems small a such of Latterthe the heads heaven upon report listened to thegovernment word in could control hold check and dam 121:33.) Saints."Knowledge day (D&Cof revelation of a given prophet God. by

such of water."supply is revealed. Those being and has been reflected that As I on situation—the at of the works but man, peace find that Wea marvelvast accept obey it it and who of research able bymonths men

fail to sometimes planthe remember that understanding and passeth of sciwhichence, vast calculations of electronic the the engineering, dethe life. ning, and to eternal leads which great fanfare of angrowthcomputers, the

signing to is necessary build a which as was a Prophet, Joseph As surely stories, thenouncements, background the editorials, the debates, all of this so also is his successor in office, Presistructure such as the Hoover Dam.

and more, in contrast with the simple, dent David O. McKay, who has stood Construction of such a work requires

of of placing careful the seeing this each this bar day. before us Who,revealed word came of the Lord—there steel, at of this standing the perfect mixing batch each of morning God of Elijah the experience on manto mind

Mt. Horeb, as sung so beautifully by this pulpit and speaking to the world of concrete, the proper control of

this chorus at the opening of this meetwords that would save them, could temperatures, and the exact performance ing: "... and a great and strong wind doubt that God is manifesting his will of other manifold and critical details to

rent the mountains, and brake in pieces through him? achieve the necessary builtin strength

the rocks before the Lord; but the Lord God help us to be obedient to his to insure endurance and permanency

was not in the wind: and after the counsel. to such a gigantic project. Now, just

wind an earthquake; but the Lord was Of these truths we testify and invite as it is necessary to carefully "build in"

not in the earthquake: men of goodwill everywhere to listen the needed strength to protect the

"And after the earthquake a fire; but and learn and partake of that peace safety of a material structure—so it is

our Father which growth and that souls of to the build into necessary men in the notthe fire: and Lord was

pray I humbly us enjoy, have after would helps that strength the moral mould still voice."small fire a (1 Kingsthe

19:1112.) in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. character that will protect the safety of

Such almost invariably has been the the individual.

word of God as it has come to us, not Tonight, we have heard excellent adwith trumpets, not from the council dresses given by two young men holding halls of the learned, but in the still WANING MOON the Aaronic Priesthood. [Ronald G.

small voice of revelation. Listening BY WILLIAM W. HUNTER Plumb, Douglas Cowie]* They have

to those who seek in vain to find wisshown evidence of having built moral dom and who declaim loudly their strength into their character, as they nostrums for the ills of the world, one A tiny thread of light have touched the hearts of this vast is prone to reply with the Psalmist, Crescent shaped priesthood assemblage. The priesthood

"Be still, and know that I am God:..."Struggling tenaciously against obwhich we bear should be an active force

(Ps. 46:10) and with the Savior, "He livion to develop a more effective application

that hath ears to hear, let him hear."As the Great Master of illumination of moral principles, thereby strengthen-

(Matt. 11:15.) Majestically appears ing our powers to subdue the adversary.

exof Syracuse great Archimedes I The it clear that I do to wish make the silhouette of stately Beyond lever king, "Give to his claimed me a research, study, education, disparagenot mountains, it, rest to and place which on a and I strongly believe mostcounsel. reluctantly in Fades from view, Great world."the I will (WO move this I that so believethese. more But

troubled world would do well to listen Unnoticed, Lives, p. 526.)

to the source of all true wisdom, to acAs the final effort of darkness It is the Holy Priesthood, likened unto cept all that God has revealed, all that Surrenders to the all powerful might "The talks by these young men will appear in the he does now reveal, and to believe that Of radiant morning. Conference Report.

478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a lever, placed upon and entrusted to moral responsibility not only to his 'crib'from the book, I would remember worthy men, that is bringing forth the own life but to the life of each boy and again, 'I am a deacon, and must be mighty work of God. girl in his ward. honest and true.'When I saw other

"Upon you my fellow servants, in the I believe every boy looks forward to boys cheating in play or in school, I name of Messiah I confer the Priestbeing ordained to the office of a deawould say in my mind, 'It would be hood of Aaron, which holds the keys con. He has prepared himself to the more wicked for me to do that than it

of the ministering of angels, and of the best of his youthful ability to receive is for them, because I am a deacon.'

gospel of repentance, and of baptism by the Aaronic Priesthood. From this "Nothing that was required of me in

immersion for the remission of sins;..."point forward, if he fails to carry out the duties of my office was irksome;

(D&C 13.) Thus spoke John the the responsibilities involved, it is usually the sense of the great honor of my

Baptist as he conferred the Lesser Priestdue to his own father's or to his ordination made all service welcome. I

hood upon Joseph Smith and Oliver bishop's neglect. This poses an awewas the only deacon in the branch,

Cowdery. some thought, but remember the boys and had abundant opportunity to work.

This was the beginning—as the Lord must not stand alone, they "... need to "The impression made upon my

has said, "To prepare the weak for have firm limits set for them as they mind when I was made a deacon has those things which are coming on grow,"counseled Graham B. Blaine, never faded. The feeling that I was

earth, and for the Lord's errand in the Jr., "for only in this way can they learn called to the special service of the

day when the weak shall confound to impose discipline upon themselves; Lord, as a bearer of the priesthood, has

the wise, and the little one become a without such limits they grow into irrebeen a source of strength to me through strong nation, and two shall put their sponsible, selfish, and conscienceless all the years. When later I was ortens of thousands to flight. adults."(Journal of National Associadained to higher offices in the Church,

"And by the weak things of the earth tion of Women's Deans and Counselors, the same assurance has come to me, on the Lord shall thrash the nations by the Nov. 1, 1963, Blaine, Graham B. Jr., every such occasion,—that I -was in

power of his Spirit."(Ibid., 133:5859.) "Stress and Distress and Identity Formatruth endowed with power from heaven,

The Aaronic Priesthood, with its tion in College and High School.") and that the Lord demanded of me that

various offices of deacon, teacher, and I believe every boy should feel as I honor his authority. I have been

priest, is conferred upon worthy men Elder James E. Talmage did when he ordained in turn a teacher, an elder, a

and boys in the Church over twelve was ordained a deacon. He said: "I high priest, and lastly an apostle of the

years of age. It is expected that everywas called and ordained one Sunday Lord Jesus Christ, and with every

one thus ordained will officiate in his morning, without any previous notice; ordination there has come to me a new

respective office and calling with digand that afternoon was placed as a and soulthrilling feeling which first I nity and devotion. The office of bishop sentinel at the door of the house in knew when I was called to be a deacon

is conferred by ordination to those which the Saints had met for worship. in the service of the Lord."(Course of

especially called to administer all of the As soon as I had been ordained, a feeling Study for the Quorums of the Priesthood:

affairs of the Aaronic Priesthood in came to me such as I have never been Deacons 1914, pp. 135136.)

the ward. able to fully describe. It seemed I am sure this testimony of Elder

The office of a bishop is one of the scarcely possible, that I, a little boy, Talmage will make us appreciate more great offices in the priesthood. It is could be so honored of God as to be fully the great privilege it is to hold

highly important that every bishop in called to the priesthood. I had read of the priesthood.

the Church recognize as a prime rethe sons of Aaron and of Levi who There is much evidence to indicate sponsibility his calling and ordination were chosen for the sacred labors of the that young people want to learn and in the Lesser Priesthood. The bishop Lesser Priesthood, but that I should be to be strong. A recent report in The

is familiar with God's purposes, for called to do part of the service that had British Journal of Educational PsyGod has said: "... this is my work and been required of them was more than chology said: "School children may be

my glory—to bring to pass the immormy little mind could grasp. I was both more eager to learn than teachers are

tality and eternal life of man"(Moses frightened and happy. Then, when I was to teach them. More than 800 British

1:39), and the true bishop will resolve, placed on duty at the door, I forgot that primary and secondary school children

"this is my work and my glory to bring I was but an elevenyear-old lad; I felt were given a list of qualities of good

to pass the immortality and eternal life strong in the thought that I belonged teachers that had been compiled from of each boy and girl entrusted to my to the Lord, and that he would assist student essays. They were asked to

care."To do this requires not only me in whatever was required of me. I grade these qualities in order of imdedication and singleness of purpose could not resist the conviction that portance. The children rated the

but also the necessity of being an examother sentinels, stronger by far than I, teacher's ability to teach above all other ple in his own personal conduct. Paul stood by me though invisible to huqualities and also put disciplinary skills

counseled Titus, "... a bishop must be man eyes. above such personal skills as friendliblameless, as the steward of God; not "The effect of my ordination to the ness, patience, kindness, and good

selfwilled, not soon angry, not given to deaconship entered into all the affairs of humor."

wine, no striker, not given to filthy my boyish life. I am afraid that someBasically, the right and responsibility

lucre; times I forgot what I was, but I have of teaching a boy or girl the sacredness

"But a lover of hospitality, a lover of ever been thankful that ofttimes I did of their bodies is an obligation of pargood men, sober, just, holy, temperate; remember, and the recollection always ents. Fathers should be so close to their

"Holding fast the faithful word as he served to make me better. When at sons that many discussions can be held

hath been taught, that he may be able play on the school grounds, and peron the subject. It is unfortunate when

by sound doctrine both to exhort and haps tempted to take unfair advantage a boy holding the priesthood of God convince the gainsayers."(Titus 1:7-9.) in the game, when in the midst of a does not feel free to initiate such a disThe attitude of a bishop with respect dispute with a playmate, I would recussion with his father and must satisfy

to his calling may bring about the member, and the thought would be as his curiosity by listening to others.rise or fall of Aaronic Priesthood bearers effective as though spoken aloud—'I am Bishops should encourage parents to

in his ward. Advancement in this a deacon; and it is not right that a dealearn the moral standards that have

priesthood should warrant greater moral con should act in this way.'On exambeen established by God and urge them

responsibility. Advancement to the ination days, when it seemed easy for to teach such to their children when

office of a bishop means the greatest of me to copy some other boy's work or to the children's comprehension level is

JUNE 1964 479 such that it does not become suggestive. fecting its purpose."(The Welfare Plan,

We have recommended to the bishops, p. 142.)

for a number of years, that they meet Now to you boys, we want the with the parents of every boy who is Aaronic Priesthood to be an effective approaching twelve years of age to exprinciple of progress in your lives to opportunities,plain programs, for the and prepare in leadership you the service. priesthood of obligationsmoral year This Church. some we included.. SEEK YE FIRST necesparents is additional for This with goals conference in to achieve yousary to bring about greater parental the priesthood program. One of these THE KINGDOM

to the boys. n It wouldencouragement is the memorization

. tures. might profitably bishopseem that a wise We chose themof becausespecific wescripbe- OF GOD

explain to the parents at such a time lieve they will be helpful for you better the Lord's fiats on chastity and urge to understand some basic tenets of the President Nathan Eldon Tanner them to explain these things to their gospel. There is no doubt that you can Of the First Presidency

sons whenever their maturity level learn them if you will just apply yourjustify. task. selves towould the it is brethren: privi- a great My To me

In the book of Samuel there is an evening, other The Sister Vandenberg lege to able and blessing be to meet interesting account of the high priest and I were walking down Main Street. with the priesthood, and as President

Eli. Eli was a judge, a devoted servant We were about fifteen feet behind two McKay said this evening, the largest

of the Lord in ancient Israel. He was a young men in their early teens. The body of priesthood that has ever met in

descendant of Aaron through his smaller of the two was reciting with the history of this Church.

younger son. Most often we think of vigor part of Anthony's "oration over What an inspiration it is to hear these

Eli through his connection with the Caesar's body."I could not help but young men.bear their testimonies as tochild Samuel in the temple. But the overhear—he did it so well. As I liswhat the priesthood means to them and

sons of Eli were evil and did not keep tened I thought how wonderful is the how they are determined to strive to the commandments of the Lord. They, exuberance of youth with its ability to live worthy of the priesthood whichtherefore, knew not the God of Israel learn and absorb—I also thought of they bear. It makes me believe that

but worshiped wickedness. The acthe goals we had set for the Aaronic they sincerely mean and understand

count reads: "Now Eli was very old, and Priesthood and felt good ih the thought that if they seek first the kingdom of

heard all that his sons did unto that if this youngster could recite God and his righteousness, all these all Israel;..."(1 Sam. 2:22.) literature on the street, certainly there things which will be for their good will

As a result of their evil acts, they would be no difficulty for the boys who be added unto them. (See Matt. 6:33.)

were not privileged to administer the bear the priesthood of God to memorize As I look back over my life, I should ordinances of the Lesser Priesthood. It and recite the scriptures as assigned. like this evening to pay tribute to and

would have been their right to continue As I close, let us ponder the promise thank my father and my bishop, who in offering the outward ordinances of of the Lord: "Thou shalt take the is the same man, for the direction and

the Lesser Priesthood after their father's things which thou hast received, which help and guidance and example he gave death. Instead, they lost not only the have been given unto thee in my scripme all the time I was going through the

privileges of priesthood service but also tures for a law, to be my law to govern Aaronic Priesthood quorums. He taught

eternal life. my church; me all the time, "... seek ye first the

The Lord condemned Eli, and he was "And he that doeth according to kingdom of God and his righteousness:

no longer among the chosen because these things shall be saved, and he that and all these things, my boy, will be as a father he did not discipline and doeth them not shall be damned if he added unto you."

control his sons. "... I will judge his so continue. I remember when I was a deacon, we

house for ever for the iniquity which "If thou shalt ask, thou shalt receive had no cars, no trucks. We had

revelation, revelation knowledge said uponhe knoweth;"the Lord, "because wagons and usually had buggies—we

thathis vile, thou mayest upon knowledge, themselves sons made and he know a democrat. to priestwe went When

restrained them not."(Ibid., 3:13.) the mysteries and peaceable things hood meeting, we had to travel about

Someone has said: "There is no need that which bringeth joy, that which eight miles, and we never missed

of searching out your genealogy if you bringeth life eternal."(D&C 42:5961.) the general stake priesthood meeting

did not know where your children were Let me assure you young men that which was held once a month. My

last night."There is no calling in this God loves you. You are a thousandfather used to try to make those meetChurch that supersedes that of being fold more valuable than the works of ings pay both ways; for instance, he

a father. No assignment in the Church men over which we frequently marvel. would have a team and wagon full of

should ever be considered as an excuse God, therefore, expects you to disciwheat, and I would have a team and to neglect the home. The home is the pline yourselves and to build into your wagon full of wheat following him for

basic unit of the Church. Teach your character virtues that will endure about eight miles, which would take us

sons by example to be loyal and faithforever. just a little better than two hours to

ful to the law, to the officers, to the May God bless the Aaronic Priestget to our priesthood meeting. And

priesthood, and to the authority of hood of this Church is my humble we would go early enough so that we

God. Your family needs your allegiance prayer which I ask in the name of could pick up a load of coal to bring

and fidelity to the Church which inJesus Christ. Amen. back after priesthood meeting. But we

cludes the home. Refrain from evil never missed priesthood meeting.

speech; your language should at all As I think back over that experience

times be clean and elevating. RAINDROPS Ihelphad withgivingthathimwonderfulpracticallyman, allI can'tthe

late said: BY THEL.MA IRELAND Albert E. Elder Bowen The credit for directing teaching and me me

". things of about the marvelous.. one to that if I believe seek first the would

the gospel is that when a command has Raindrops come. kingdom of God and his righteousness,

been given, or otherwise to state it, a They dance and play, all these things would be added unto principle of progress is revealed, there And rinse the winter me. That was a great lesson for me

is always incorporated a means for efSnoios away. to learn.

480 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I remember another thing he taught all over the Church; probably most of young woman came to me the other

me which was very important. As a you have heard it. My daughter and day and said, "President Tanner, I have

bishop he was not able to spend the her girl friend were at our house, and tried to live the gospel just as nearly time at home that some men can who they were going to a party; theri two as I could possibly live it, as I underare not bishops. He left us one afteryoung men came and called for them. stand it. I am a little older now. I am

noon while he was agoing out to look I sat and talked to them. I love young a teacher. I am still single. But I

after his flock in the ward, and my people. As I was talking to them, talkthink you should know that too many

brother and I were assigned to do ing about different things, I enjoyed my of our young men today are saying, certain things. He came back a little visit with them, and just before they 'Oh what's the difference? What does

sooner than he had intended, or than were ready to go, I said, "Now, have a it matter? That is a lot of nonsense.'

we had expected him to come back good time, kids."But just as they were And I know young men who are reanyway, and we hadn't accomplished going out of the door, I stepped over to turned missionaries, I know young

what he had asked us to do. We had my daughter and said, "Now, bemen who come from some of the best

some calves in the corral we thought have yourself."families who are saying the same thing."

needed riding, and so we went about And she said, "Well, Dad, make up I would like to say to you young to accommodate those calves. your mind."people tonight that such an attitude is

I will never forget the whipping my And I said to those young people so just as far from right as it can possibly father gave me when he came in and they could all hear me, "Have a good be. You cannot do those things and

found we had not done the work which time, kids, the best time you will ever enjoy the Spirit of the Lord and make we had been assigned. He called me have in your lives, really have a good progress and be the kind of person who

over to him and he said, "My boy, I time tonight, but have the kind of will have joy in your future life, and thought I could depend upon you."time, such a good time, that tomorrow, the Spirit of the Lord cannot be with

That is all he said. next week, a month from now or a year you, as it is if you are cleanliving

I made up my mind at that moment from now, ten years from now, you can young people.

that father could never say that to me look back on tonight and say, 'I had a Let us never be ashamed of the gosagain as long as I lived and as long as good time,'arid have nothing to regret pel of Jesus Christ, for it is the power he lived. And I was happy that he or be sorry about."of God unto salvation (see Romans

gave me that experience. A trouncing And I think they went and had a 1:16), and let us never hesitate to call

wouldn't have done the good that "My good time. upon the Lord as these young men told

boy, I thought I could depend upon And that was my slogan for our misus tonight that we should do. Stay close

you"did. I made up my mind then sionaries in the West European Misto the Lord, show your appreciation of

that no one would ever be able to say, sion—to have a good time. One young the priesthood that you hold. Honor that

"I thought I could depend upon you."man, after I had been talking to a group priesthood and thank God that you have

I thought as these young men were of missionaries over in Germany, came the priesthood. Imagine the priesthood

talking here tonight, they should make up to me and said, "President Tanner, being taken away from you tonight, it a matter in their lives that no one I don't think it's right for you to tell any young man or any older man, could ever say, "I thought I could dethese missionaries to have a good time because you are not prepared to live pend on you,"but could always say, because the only way they can do it in the Lord's way, because you won't "There is a boy that I can depend on."is to do their work."honor and respect and magnify your

And we brethren who hold the priest- I said, "Go, and have a good time."priesthood.

hood should be the kind of men on He was right. Brethren, it is a great privilege to

whom the Lord knows he can depend. The story is told of another missionmagnify the priesthood, and to do the

It is an interesting thing that neighary over there who was discussing the things that the Lord has asked us to bors expect one another to keep their gospel with one of the reverends, and do, and as you do them, you will find covenants and to keep their agreements, the reverend wasn't making the progress joy as you live here, and you will be and if a neighbor makes an agreement that he thought he should, and finally working out your salvation and eterwith another neighbor and he doesn't he turned to the missionary and said, nal life.

live up to that agreement, his neighbor "Well, at least you will agree that we As I think of that young boy, fourimmediately rates him way down. But are both trying to serve the Lord."The teen years of age, I would like you to

this same neighbor might be and very missionary looked at him for a moment imagine yourself being that young boy, his I covenants I is not keepingpossibly "Yes, think and said, he into the went in when grove and would—you

Father. I And in his."his Heavenlywith I wonyour way, and Now, brethto prayed Father, his Heavenly and

der if his Heavenly Father is saying to ren, that might sound impudent, and imagine how he felt when God the him, "Son, I thought I could depend maybe it was, if the story is true. But Father and his Son Jesus Christ apon you."right there is a real lesson to me. peared to him and God said, "Joseph,

Again I wish to say, if you seek first If I can serve the Lord in his way, this is my beloved Son, hear him."(See

the kingdom of God and his righteousand I am saying this to all the boys Joseph Smith 2:17.) Now that young

ness, all these things will be added who can hear me wherever they may man after he left that grove was left unto you. be tonight, then I am going along the alone for three years. He had no

I was pleased with this young path where I will have the greatest bishop, and he had no teacher. He

man when he was telling what his success and the greatest joy, if I can had no Sunday School; he had no one

goals are. Now he has set those serve him in his way. except his family, who believed in him,

goals with a certain class of persons Too many of us, probably some sitto help him live according to the knowlwith whom he wishes to associate. ting here tonight, would like to change edge that he had. He remained true

There will be some young people who the rules, and would like to serve him to the faith, he tried to serve God, and will listen to that who will sneer. But in our way, not his way. Some of us because he did, he proved true and

I want to tell those young people that wonder why we have to go to church worthy to accept the other blessings only as they live the way they should and keep the Sabbath day holy. Some that the Lord had in store for him.

will they enjoy life. Never has any of us wonder about paying a full tithing. This young man referred tonight to

person at any time found joy in sin Some of us wonder about the Word John the Baptist appearing, and I or doing that which is wrong. of Wisdom. Some of us wonder about wonder how those two young men,

I have a little story that I have told other things—moral living. In fact a Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery, felt

JUNE 1964 481 then, as he who baptized the Savior How many of us can feel that we are came and placed his hands upon their safe if we now shun the fight and fail heads and gave them the priesthood; to honor our priesthood and magnify

and then as Peter, James, and John, the calling that is given to us?

Christ's senior Apostles, came to them. Brethren, we have to live with ourBrethren, it was because they lived selves. I have a little poem that I

close to the Lord. They asked the would like to read to you. Keep this

Lord for guidance and sought first the in mind:

kingdom of God and determined to keep his commandments. "I have to live with myself, and so

Then, as I see that same young man I want to be fit for myself to know, standing up there, twentyfour years of I want to be able, as days go by, age, saying to those who were associated Always to look myself straight in the with him, his friends and neighbors, eye;"The Lord has chosen me and ordained I don't want to stand, with the setting SACRED RULES

sun, a seer, a reveapostle, a prophet, anme hate myself for the things I've OF CONDUCT here And president of Hislator, Church and upon the earth."(DHC 1:7579.) done.

President B. Brown Hugh that said could Brethren, have not he shelf, closet to don't keep on a want

if First the Presidency him. not chosen Of the had Lord myself, secrets lot about of To IA priestthe receivedthat point he had go, as I fool and myself, come And

I Melchizedek; feel the as Aaronic thehood, and weak and humwill Brethren, else that thinking Into nobody

visited the Angel ble by did as been he Brother hadhe Plumb when know of privilege the this at vast had looked congregation had heMoroni; out and I really that am; kind The of man

of all under thetranslating Book are of there out imagined Mormon you who in I dress to don't up myself want thedirect I revelation, in. us gave like to he to listening and say would sham.

to him; gave the thatpriesthood these Lord of encourageby young way men

and he, as you read in the twentieth and "I want to go out with my head erect, ment that if they will continue, as they twentyfirst sections of the Doctrine I want to deserve all men's respect; have started, to respond to every call

and Covenants, told the people what the But here in the struggle for fame and made of them to stand before congreresponsibilities of the different quopelf, gations for the next sixty years, as I rums of the priesthood were, how trans- I want to be able to like myself. have been doing, at the end of that

gression should be dealt with, how to I don't want to look at myself and know time they will still be scared to death.

administer the Sacrament, how to bapThat I'm bluster and bluff and empty These young men have instructed tize, and he gave the prayers. show. young men of their age in certain acBrethren, he was inspired of the tivities and held up to them certain

Lord. There is no question about it. "I never can hide myself from me; ideals, but they have in fact been talkAnd when we think of his receiving the I see what others can never see; ing to all of us. Whatever our age,

revelation regarding the Word of Wis- I know what others may never know; whatever priesthood we hold, whatever

dom, and how many young people have I never can fool myself, and so, position in the Church we may occupy, ridiculed that Word of Wisdom and Whatever happens, I want to be these simple rules of conduct apply said, "You are oldfashioned; everySelf-respecting and conscience free."to us.

body is using tobacco."And now one "Myself"—Edgar A. Guest Did you ever wonder what men think

(From Collected scientists later, have yearshundred of think they you. do Verse by Edgar A. Guest. when Of what Copyright Reilly & Lee. that tobacco doubtproved beyond any I say the words, "George you think when

is not good for man. It is harmful and Brethren, it is a great privilege to hold Washington"? You think of leadership

is taking the lives of thousands of the priesthood of God. You are the and honesty and honor. Of what do

people. only people in all the world who are you think when I say, "Abraham LinBrethren, let us be obedient to the given the privilege to speak in the name coln"? You think of courage, of humilLord; let us be obedient to the priestof the Lord, who have been given that ity, of leadership. Of what do you

hood. Let us magnify our calling so authority. I plead with you young men think when I say, "Winston Churchill"?

that it can magnify us. Let us not to live so that you can enjoy your own You think of one gifted with oratory

cheat as we go along and try to do it selfrespect, the respect of others, and which enables him to weld a nation halfway, serve in our way; but let us so that the Lord will be able to say, into a fighting machine. You think

serve in his. "There is a young man that I can deof one with an underslung jaw and a

As I think of the young men and the pend on. He is a man who can hold big cigar, but you get an idea, and you

older men who do this part way, I any office in the Church and be think of something when these men's think they are cheating. And I won- a leader."names are mentioned.

der "how can we think to earn a Let us go forward this night and al- I ask you tonight, "What do your great reward if we now shun the fight?"ways, seeking first the kingdom of God friends think when they think of you?"

How many of you would like to have a and his righteousness, knowing that it If they do not think accurately, if they doctor diagnose your case, if it were a will bring joy, success, and all things know something that would cause them serious case, and then operate on you, for our good. This is my prayer for to be ashamed of your acquaintanceif he were one who cheated his way you, as I bear my testimony to you that ship, you can change it. Whatever a

through school? How many of you this is the Church of Jesus Christ, that man is at any time in his life is a result

would like to have a pilot who got his the priesthood has been restored, and of all the past thoughts and words and flying license by cheating take you in we are privileged to hold it, which is deeds that have come into his life. I

one of these big jets today? How many the power of God delegated to man to am thinking tonight in terms of one of

of you would like to have a pharmacist act in his stead. May we all be worthy the problems which confronts all of us,

who cheated prepare your prescription, of it and magnify our calling that it deacon, teacher, priest, elder, seventy, given by a doctor, when your life demay magnify us, I ask in the name of high priest. I am thinking of one of the

pended on it? Jesus Christ. Amen. problems that confronts the world and

482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is being introduced among us at an from responsibility? Can we buy this and this time I was the Pharisee.

alarming rate. I am thinking of a cergreat honour at too dear a price...? We were in France. This man was

tain course of conduct which is maligDo you know what degradation means called on duty to examine the mail, nant, dangerous, deathdealing, and to a soldier? It is to see his rank, his incoming and outgoing mail. (That is

contrary to the law of God. I am thinkdecorations, his epaulets, torn from quite an interesting job; you read some

ing of chastity, or its opposite. him; to see these signs of his former very interesting letters. For instance, I

Let us get a vision of consecrated value thrown at his feet! What is remember reading a letter from a young

manliness and then conform our lives death in comparison with this disfellow to his girl, it was undoubtedly to that manliness in such a way that honour? It is true that* in the future very sincere, in which he told her of

we will never yield to the temptations this unfortunate soldier can sleep; he the good time he was having and how

that would lead us away from virtue will never again mount guard; he will he missed her and how he loved her.

and honor and honesty and manliness. no longer cry, 'to arms; here is the Then, undoubtedly, he was called sud-

"He who profanes the source of life,"enemy!'he will never again make an denly to duty, because he said, "I am

someone has said, "sins against that assault nor hear the bullets whistling feeling fine, but I am as lousy as a which is indispensable to the very exround him.... Very well; to declare pet coon,"and then underneath he

istence of life."Let us then never that a man is irresponsible is to degrade scribbled, "Hoping this finds you the

forget the sanctity of life. With every him! Death were better."(Wagner, same.")

gift of power that comes to us, there Charles, Courage, Dodd, Mead, and Well this unsentimental cuss was on comes a temptation to dishonor it, abuse Co. New York, 1904, pp. 7374.) duty reading mail, and he read a cerit. You remember when Christ was on And so I repeat, my plea to the men tain letter, a letter from a Mrs. Jock

the earth the adversary tempted him, of the priesthood of the Church is to Anderson out in London, Ontario, tried to get him to yield to the temptakeep yourselves clean. Older men are Canada. She was writing to her beloved

tion to use his power to get bread yielding to temptation, to sin. Younger Jock, and she said to him, "We are

when he had been fasting for such a men are struggling with themselves. It getting on all right, my dear. The ten

long time, and the Savior reminded is difficult sometimes for them to unlittle bairns are coming along. I have

him that man does not live by bread derstand themselves because this Godhad to wean the baby because I have alone. Satan took Christ then to a given power of procreation carries with to work to support the others, but we

height on the pinnacle of the temple it a power of destruction. But it has, are mighty proud of you and proud of

and tempted him to show his power and because of its lifegiving nature, the where you are. But, Jock, dear, our

authority by casting himself down and possibilities of the greatest glory and neighbor three months ago received said the angels would hold him up. joy that can come to a living soul. I word that her husband was missing.

Jesus resisted that temptation to abuse believe that every man who is tempted She said she had rather heard he was his power. Then Satan took him onto a to sin, to commit adultery, to become dead—she said she could hardly stand

high mountain and showed him all unclean in his habits, should examine the uncertainty of it."And then she

the wealth of the world and said, "All himself and see whether he is harboradded, "Jock, my dear, join with me this I will give to thee if you will fall ing things that will destroy him. and pray God that I may never get

down and worship me,"and Christ I would like to leave with you toword that you are missing."

said, "Get thee behind me, Satan."night an appeal—especially to you stake This unsentimental officer read that

(See Matt. 4:9-10 and Luke 4:8.) presidents, high councilmen, bishops letter but said nothing about it. That

I repeat, with every gift of power and counselors, heads of quorums, all night there was paraded before him a comes the temptation to abuse it. Each in presiding positions—I would like to sergeant and six men who were going

man has within himself the power that leave a plea that you get closer to your out into noman's land. They called

can destroy him, and that is a fact that young people—and older people—under the roll; the officer heard the name of

each man under the sound of my voice your jurisdiction and teach them the Jock Anderson among those who were tonight should keep in mind. Each beauty of purity and let them know that going out. They went out, and in

man or boy, whatever his age or his purity is power. Sometimes some of us the morning the sergeant and three men

station in life, is subject to the temptaget the idea that certain people are not came back. Again they called the roll,

tion to destroy himself by reason of a worth our attention. They have gone and Jock Anderson did not answer.

Godgiven power which all of us have. beneath and beyond what we thought The officer said to the sergeant, "Do

All of us who know good sometimes to be worth saving. I would like to give you know where Jock Anderson fell?"

feel within ourselves the possibility of you one little story to illustrate how The sergeant replied, "Yes, sir, he evil, and while we may condemn sinsometimes we misjudge one another, fell on an elevation on which is trained cerely and without any hypocrisy the and sometimes we are guilty of assuming the enemy's machine gun."

evil in us, we are conscious that at that the one we are thinking of is not The officer asked, "Do you think a times we ourselves are tempted to do as good as we. man could go out to that body and get

the very thing we hate, and in doing It was during World War I. We the identification disc off his neck?"

it we hate ourselves as well as the thing had a man in our regiment who was as To which the sergeant answered, "Sir, we do. I think this caused Paul to tough as any man in the regiment; he it would be absolute suicide, but if you

admit, "... the good that I would I was known as the unsentimental cuss; say so I will try."

do not: but the evil which I would not, he was the kind of man that nobody Then the officer said, "I didn't mean

that I do."(Rom. 7:19.) liked. We thought he had no sense of that. I just wanted to know."

Real character is formed in the midst emotion or of sympathy or of underYou know in World War I you could of the battles for the soul. Christ ofstanding. He could see his comrades not declare a man dead unless you could

fered peace, not in the sense of freedom shot down by his side and never bat produce his body or his identification from disturbance, but in the midst of an eye, and we didn't think he had disc. That night that unsentimental

disturbance. What we need is to dein him anything that would indicate officer was missing, and the next mornvelop within ourselves the kind of selfthat he had any sentiment at all. I was ing there came up to the front lines a

control that will enable us, in the midst guilty of saying in my heart, though large regimental envelope. When it

of disturbance, to find the peace that I think I didn't speak it out loud, "I was opened, there fell out an identificomes into the soul of a man who is thank thee, God, that I am not like that cation disc with the name of Jock living as he knows he ought to live. man."(See Luke 18:11.) There was Anderson on it and a short note said,

Charles Wagner said, "Why shrink another Pharisee once who said that, "Dear Major: I am enclosing the identiJUNE 1964 483

fication disc of Jock Anderson. Please I said I would have my fling,

write to Mrs. Anderson in London, OnAnd do what a young man may:

tario, Canada, and tell her God heard And I didn't believe a thing her prayer—her husband is not missing."That the parsons had to say.

That was the man of whom I had I didn't believe in a God Sunday Morning Session, April 5, 1964 said, "I thank thee, God, that I am not That gives us blood like fire, like him."He had the courage which I Then flings us into hell because

stomach to crawl out on hisnever had We answer the call of desire. GIVING ONE'S ALL in certain death of face almostin the

is rot,""religion I said to he to bring a womanorder had And'the laws of the And poor away, the miles world are nil; Franklin D. Richards seen, 3000never

comfort that her husband was not For the bad man is he who is caught Assistant to the Council of the Twelve missing. And cannot foot his bill.

hell: called place there is no And letter his of he the bottom on sisters, I And brothers dear and My am

is truth, a only heaven And it to didn't as amount thoughwrote, this to with be happy Sabbath you his a maid, with has a way man When off for blighty for me, "As I ammuch, I this in great conference, morning and of youth. fresh keen hour the In is it says doctor morning. thein The I Spirit pray that be guided by the may

prove case and amputation mayan of in to the speaking you. Lord

grace, us the can buy money Andfatal. Cheerio."I inspired greatly the been have by

it the plate of church; If the rings on I tried to have experience that Since of presence beloved our and words

erase, neatly can money And something has every thatbelieve man Presiof prophet and O. David McKay smirch. sinful of a sign Each out go us Let saving.in worth I him bring dent the Tanner. Eldon you N.

I everywhere, For saw men the who and boys the men helpand love greetings missionaries of the and vice! of the road Hotfooting in find the good active. us Letare not Saints the of of nine eastern the and smiled on preachers and And women activity, into and bring them andthem I missions, pleased to American and am them let do, us all that of course wein the is great report that there to you growth price. the paid as they long As from unspotted and pure ourselveskeep in in the development kingdom and

I leave you world. sins of the mythe that vineyard. of Lord's part our life: of I joy had So my ask blessing and andtestimony my of of Christ Jesus In Church The of town: the I pace the went this in all are with who to be call SaintsGod another Latterday one we wife, I a took then me And out thousands otherbuilding you and Sister recogbecause Brother and we settle down. to started And as resolution a tonight.there Make all are nize that sons mankind and spare to and gold enough I had for us pleaded havethese young men in heaven, of Father daughters our joys all simple of the For "... house, for we and as do,to my me all sisters. brothers are therefore, and we and a home house a with belong That 24:15.) God (Josh. Lord."thewill serve spirit greatly of brotherhood This girls boys. of and brood a And of Jesus in the namebless you, in today. the are world needed isWe

Christ. Amen. I married a girl with health living in a period when one crisis folAnd virtue and spotless fame lows another. Faith in mankind is

I gave in exchange my wealth being disturbed and destroyed, and to are troubled hearts and seem men's name. family old a proud And

disposiis a there them. Yet be failing a heart love of the her I gave And

Grown sated and sick of sin. tion even in Christian countries to rule

CLEANLINESS My dealup. with the devil was all cleaned outTheof firstlife thestatementmissionin oftheJesusdeclarationChrist.

Christ of Jesus of belief Church of The And the last bill handed in.

believe in Saints of Latterday is: "We AND MORALITY

She was going to bring me a child, God, the Eternal Father and in His son

President David O. McKay And when in anguish she cried, Jesus Christ and in the Holy Ghost."

With love and fear I was wild This belief in God is the lifegiving eleconception the of Church. Our ment died. I she wish had But now from telegram following the haveWe this in dispenis personal. of God God blind she bore was the son For in first me counselor K. Mangum,Eugene

to himself revealed mankind sation has sore! and crippled and weak And Phoenix, Stake: "At West Phoenixthe

dispensations. in former as has he left wreck. a thrilled was mother And holders priesthoodArizona, 590 Smith prayer faith Joseph and wire."ThouIt was so she had settled my score. Through direct over at messages

blessgreat the gained as a young man same. the can say sands

I had in mind saying a word sug- I said I must have my fling, ing of beholding God the Father and

Christ. Jesus Son path the I would go; his they knew this And in fathers visit to a two gested by

said, Smith his Joseph words, In own told thing a one But no me these of fathers two tworoom—the Personages, whose I two saw "... I know. to needed Of what tonight, well so done have boys who

all descripdefy glory brightness and soul of a talk Folks too much they sons their which in pride and the air. the tion, above standing me in debarred joys heavenly From father has every pride which the had,

unto me, calling spake of them of unborn, One babes the not enough in doing this But object sons. in his My

to the pointing said, and scarred. father their name sins of the me by responsibility By feel the boys to makewas of sonship. other—This is My Beloved Son. Hear

Instead of referring to that, however, ("The Price He Paid"by Ella Him!"(Joseph Smith 2:17.)

I am going to follow the thought menWheeler Wilcox.—Courtesy Rand Mc- I bear witness that God lives, that

tioned by Brother Brown of keeping Nally & Company.) Jesus is the Christ, the Only Begotten

your manhood clean and unsullied. I of the Father in the flesh, our Savior

do not know whether I can remember Men and boys of the priesthood, every and Redeemer. Also that Joseph Smith,

the lines or not, but I shall just refer member, the admonition of the Lord is in fulfilment of prophecy, was a great to them and leave the reason of it to "... be ye clean, that bear the vessels prophet of God, an instrument in his

each of you. of the Lord."(Isa. 52:11.) hands to restore the gospel of Jesus

4 84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Christ in its fulness as well as the true while traveling on a plane in the East I I heard of a young man who in preknowledge of God and to restore the asked the man sitting next to me what senting a diamond to his fiancee reChurch of Jesus Christ in these latter he knew about the Church. He replied marked, "it isn't very large,"whereupon

days. The Church has been restored that he had lived in Salt Lake City for she replied, "it's as big as we make it."

here on the earth with the power to a few months some years ago, and beSo it is with every call to serve that act in the name of God and has been came acquainted with several members we accept—it's as big as we make it.

led by prophets since its restoration. of the Church. The thing that imOpportunities to serve in building the

A great prophet, David O. McKay, now pressed him most was that every memkingdom are varied and many. Some

leads and directs through revelation ber was given a chance to serve by require giving of our time, others refrom God. working in the Church. We are told quire giving of our talents, others reThrough the atonement of Christ, all plainly and unequivocally that our quire giving of our means. When we

mankind may be saved, by obedience greatest opportunity and responsibility accept any assignment to serve "giving to the laws and ordinances of the gospel. here is building the kingdom of God, our all"means giving all of the time,

The Savior said, "Let not your heart be Christ's Church on earth. I know this talents, and means necessary to accomtroubled: ye believe in God, believe to be true. plish the righteous objective. In being

also in me. In 1894 Elder Francis M. Lyman, one asked to give of our time, few are asked

"I am the way, the truth, and the life: of the leaders of the Church, gave this to lay down their lives in building the

no man cometh unto the Father, but counsel: "It will be profitable to all kingdom, but if this were to be reby me."(John 14:1, 6.) Jesus taught Latterday Saints to make this Church quired, we should be willing to do so.

that all the law and the prophets rested first in their hearts and affections. Why? In many respects it is better to live for

upon the principle of loving God with Because the Lord has told us to seek the Church than to die for it. Living

all of our heart, might, mind, and first the kingdom of God. We have for the Church Can mean accepting a

strength and our neighbors as ourselves. sought the kingdom and have found it call as a teacher, a quorum or auxiliary

officer, a temThe gospel of Jesus Christ is the plan—and now that should have our attenleader, a bishop, a stake

of life that will restore peace to the tion before farming, before merchandisple or welfare worker, a home teacher, world—remove inner tensions and ing, and before literary pursuits and a missionary, or in performing any

troublestentment—theand bringgreatesthappinessphilosophyand conof the"Thelike.welfare of the Church of Christ serviceThe Churchfor our offellowJesusmen.Christ of Latterlife ever given to man. It is founded in the earth and the spreading abroad day Saints has no paid ministry. As

upon the basic principles of love of God of the gospel should be our prian example: The bishops of the wards

and man and showing this love in mary object. throughout the Church are laymen and

service to our fellow men. All mankind "But is this the case with us? If it arrange their time and affairs so that

must shape their lives upon the simple is not, then we have need of reformathey can provide and care for their principles he taught and lived to comtion. If the Church of Christ and the families and still shepherd the flocks

prehend him in his power and majesty. principles of righteousness are not over which they are placed. This type

King Benjamin, a great prophet, foremost in our hearts then I say all of service is truly giving one's all.

stated: "And behold, I tell you these Israel so far as they lack, have need Jesus told his disciples in the

things that ye may learn wisdom; that of reformation. Meridian of Time that they should,

ye may learn that when ye are in the "If we have set our hearts upon "Go... and teach all nations, baptizservice of your fellow beings ye are property, whether it be little or much ing them in the name of the Father,

only in the service of your God."(for I presume a man could worship a and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:

(Mosiah 2:17.) little property as well as a great deal), "Teaching them to observe all things

Jesus said, "... seek ye first the kingthen we are idolators, and God has forwhatsoever I have commanded you:

dom of God, and his righteousness; bidden us to be idolators. He has com-..."(Matt. 28:1920.)

..."(Matt. 6:33.) manded us not to bow down to worship The Savior has given us this same

"... the kingdom of heaven is like anything on earth."This counsel is as charge in this dispensation through

unto treasure hid in a field; the which important and applicable today as it the Prophet Joseph Smith and the

when a man hath found, he hideth, was when it was given seventy years prophets that have followed him. The

and for joy thereof goeth and selleth all ago, perhaps more so. Church of Jesus Christ has always been

that he hath, and buyeth that field. The Savior said, "... unto whomso- a missionary Church. At the present

"... the kingdom of heaven is like ever much is given, of him shall be time there are approximately 16,000 full

unto a merchant man, seeking goodly much required:..."(Luke 12:48.) time and stake missionaries working

pearls: As I travel throughout the Church I throughout the world. Every member

"Who, when he had found one pearl am told by the leaders that the most of the Church has been charged with of great price, went and sold all that he pressing need today is "Greater dedicathe responsibility of giving the gospel had, and bought it."(Ibid., 13:4446.) tion on the part of everyone in building message to his friends and neighbors.

the kingdom."In the parables referred There is no greater evidence of givPresident Lorenzo Snow, one of the to, the price of possession of the hidden ing your all than that shown by dediprophets of this dispensation, in speaktreasure and of the pearl of great price cated missionaries. We ask that you

ing to the Saints in 1898 had this to is one's all—complete dedication. We give heed to their message as you have

say: "We have found the treasure in the might ask, "How does the Lord interan opportunity to hear it. The message

field, we have found the Pearl of Great pret 'giving our all'or 'complete dediis—that the heavens have been opened

its in of Christ gospel Jesus the will cation,'to give and got prove us even he and how nowPrice—and

is It restored. indeed fulness has been stated?"or as President time forall death one unto Snow have that we we it—athave

"... the tidings, of glad all a message that or dedication complete our Giving he has said Lordanother. The

to every salvation first of the in our power death God unto Church untowill us even prove

.. 1:16.) believeth; that."(Rom. one every opporto accept covenant will to see means—puttinglives. It means stand by thewhether we

we have made with him."tunity to serve. As you accept each Some opportunities to serve require

A distinguishing feature of The call, recognize the tremendous opporthe giving of our talents as well as of

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday tunity even though the assignment does our time. The Lord has told us, "...

Saints is the opportunity for every memnot appear to be too important, or you with some I am not well pleased, for ber to serve in some capacity. Recently may feel your inadequacy. they will not open their mouths, but

JUNE 1964 485 they hide the talent which I have given Jesus in teaching his disciples councompliments of the ages bestowed upon unto them, because of the fear of seled, "Lay not up for yourselves us? It has been wisely stated that "to

man.... treasures upon earth, where moth and be trusted is a greater compliment than

"... Thou shalt not idle away thy rust doth corrupt, and where thieves to be loved."

time, neither shalt thou bury thy talent break through and steal: As choice young spirits have been

that it may not be known."(D&C "But lay up for yourselves treasures sent into our charge, the sacred trust

60:2, 13.) in heaven, where neither moth nor that I refer to has been bestowed by

Giving our all through the use of our rust doth corrupt, and where thieves Heavenly Father. I would like to have

talents is exemplified beautifully by do not break through nor steal: all fathers join me this morning as we

the members of the Salt Lake Taber- "For where your treasure is, there contemplate the obligations associated nacle Choir. These dedicated people will your heart be also."(Matt. 6:1921.) with this great blessing of fatherhood.

spend untold hours rehearsing and The message of Christianity is to Who among us fathers would not preparing for and presenting their love and to serve, and we truly show thrill at the prospects of our son recordrecorded us ing of as a prophet boyregular program Sunday morning attain love works. and our good by our To

".. ago: years. having 2500 than special throughappearances real tells us, greatness, thetheir many Savior one more

out the world. The choir is the means must be the servant of all. been born of goodly parents"(1 Nephi

of opening the hearts and doors of milThe question is frequently asked, are 1:1), or perhaps this recording from the

lions of people to the gospel message. people as dedicated today in building pen of our modernday Prophet, Joseph

Their only remuneration comes from the kingdom as they were in former Smith, Jun., as he said, "... I love my

the joy they receive in serving the Lord. times. I feei that generally they are. father and his memory; and the memory

rests of with ponderous his deeds noble all to as applied our our all Giving in Giving reour today some may of mind, and weight many upon my financially contributing involves spectsmeans different heretofore, be from but to are parental his words kind and me the of developmentto the I and growth see evidences every day where men,... heart. of tablet the written on my tithe honest an payskingdom. who He children their are showing women, and

are inadequate language and "Words reas offerings his otherand makes love of their fellow and by God men

I to that gratitude the express to owe all is as these far as his givingquired their dedication. are complete They

so honorable for given having me God widow's concerned. are Thematters all their talents, in gladly giving time, 125126.) see 5, a parentage."pp. (DHC rich as is the as acceptable it.mite I I for means. and them commend gratitude from of expression an Such abundance.man's all to others counsel the put Church exhardly be could sons of our one needy poor the of and care Taking first lives in their the reap peace, and without appreciated, less pected, much in projects welfare and manythrough happiness, that contentment and come to in order part effort our real on some of giving our the requiresother ways all their giving comthrough from

it. merit instances of these one each andmeans, plete dedication.

it, Let's put dads? about So how dedicaof one'sis evidence impressive sisters, brothers are enand we My just a for few together minheads our realso thetion. kingdom Building in lives, Lord's the gaged work. God to imutes determine ways some and temples, chapels, of building thequires is Savior Christ Jesus and our Reand to partnerthe contribution prove our other church hospitals,schools, and I this true. to deemer. be know The Eternal the ship with have God we the of care take to in orderbuildings heavens prophets opened, been have and of destiny the in guiding Father human of God's needs physicalspiritual and raised up. have been Smith was Joseph sons. case, souls, this our in

children. raised to a great indeed prophet up first first things place us Let and left have the world throughout Many in establishing perform mighty a work ingredient. as the love prime mention as the the sametheir homes, much this dispensation. in God's kingdom I that think Father rather Heavenly buildin vast the to servemissionaries, at great the a prophet have And we of love like idea heading our the would furnishing of the Church,ing program beloved our today, of the head Church list, Savior his Begotten, the for Only

labor supervision and the of Allmuch President O. manMcKay. David capacity unlimited of world, the had

contribufinancial Substantialneeded. his counsel well to heed kind do would trait of love single love. for This was

to required are time as well astions this I to testimony bear advice. you and brief ministry. of typical his mortal most

carry on the worldwide building operain the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. In this day the Lord has revealed his

tion. When these buildings are dedicated will to us concerning our approach to

to the Lord, they are entirely free one another, and I cannot think of a from debt. single reason why it should not apply

Sacrifice brings forth the blessings especially to the fatherson relationship.

of heaven, and in this respect financial He speaks of using our power and influsacrifice means opportunities for great ence, "... only by persuasion, by longand varied blessings. Certainly the suffering, by gentleness and meekness,

sacrifices entailed in contributing to the and by love unfeigned;

building program of the Church, both "By kindness, and pure knowledge, of time and means, are outstanding exwhich shall greatly enlarge the soulamples of giving one's all. without hypocrisy, and without guile—

The Apostle Paul in writing to the (D&C 121:4142.)Corinthian Saints emphasized the im- A MEMO TO DADS In acknowledging God's patience with

portance of our attitude in giving the children of Israel, Nehemiah dewhen he said: Bishop Robert L. Simpson scribed God as "... ready to pardon,

"But this I say, He which soweth Of the Presiding Bishopric gracious and merciful, slow to anger, sparingly shall reap also sparingly; and and of great kindness."(Neh. 9:17.)

this overupset a father. I share popular became and The Savior am soweth bountifully shall reap I whichhe

title least at I trying very like millions. one on with would to do wrought bountifully.also

occasion. all of fathers the thinking the you some with remember Do

"Every man according as he purwithin range of my voice this morning, sode in the temple as he drove out epithe poseth in his heart, so let him give; not and we sincerely invite the rest of the money changers? This is compatible

grudgingly, or of necessity: for God family to listen in. Dads, do you realize with his continued advice as he justifies

loveth a cheerful giver."(2 Cor. 9:6-7.) that we have had one of the truly great you and me: "Reproving betimes with

486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sharpness, when moved upon by the cation. If there is one major problem a living, do our church work, and be a

Holy Ghost; and then showing forth in the world today, it is a lack of good father? The answer is yes, but

afterwards an increase of love toward proper communication. It is not only not without some organization and

him whom thou hast reproved, lest he the cause of international unrest, but planning. As we seek for every availesteem thee to be his enemy"; (D&C also family disunity. able minute to accomplish our impor121:43.) At this very moment, communication tant responsibilities, may I pass on just

All boys seem to have a favorite satellites circle the globe, and experione idea given me by a father who game. They play it most of the time mental testing goes on at a feverish rate utilizes the dinner hour as a tirrje

without even realizing it. It is called so that nations will be able to talk to for better family communications, not

"Follow the Leader"and, dads, whether nations both audibly and visually in our in a direct businesslike way but rather we like it or not, this is the way it is. day. To eliminate gross misunderin an indirect but preplanned way. The

So maybe we had better decide right standing that might trigger an atomic dinner table discussion is guided skilhere and now to lead right. Can we bomb without true cause, we read of a fully into those areas thought most

constantly break promises and teach hot line from Moscow to Washington, important by mother and dad. The

our sons integrity? Speak an occasional and you can be sure that understanding children are not even aware of what

falsehood and expect undeviating truth would be checked very thoroughly beis happening, and with proper forefrom them? fore anyone pushes a button that thought on some subjects that would be

When was the last time you found would send the world reeling into an of interest to all, plus perhaps a thoughtyour son looking up at you with that atomic war. provoking question to get things movlook of complete adrfiiration and confiAre we taking as much pain to see ing, this family found itself deeply

dence? To them, dad is perfection, that our family communications are unengrossed in interesting, stimulating

and we should do nothing to betray restricted and static free? Have you conversation with a greater feeling of

the trust and faith that is theirs in u. ever had the experience of a hurried unity than ever before. It is interestWe now find ourselves in a great age word that was misunderstood only to ing to note that the mother of this

of acceleration, a turn to the left or find out later that feelings resulted due family reports a wonderful byproduct right, however slight, can be of great to a misinterpretation of the true of the plan. Conversation became so

consequence. Surely a five degree deviameaning? engrossing and so involved that it comtion traveling down the road behind I heard of a father who decided to pletely eliminated the bickering and

old dobbin was not a serious miscalculeave the car home on Sunday morning contention that was Usually a part of lation, and there was plenty of time to so he and his boy could enjoy a brisk the dinner hour.

pull the reins and set things right. walk to church. Even more stimulatNow in all of our talking during

Traveling down the modern highway ing than the exercise which they both these past few moments, most has been of life calls for strict attention to detail, needed very much was the opportunity said about father and son. Practically

for a slight deviation of our course can for casual conversation and the reeverything expressed could also be said spell disaster in the fraction of a secsulting understanding that grew between about mother and daughter or father ond. Ours is the most volatile age in the them. A new warm fatherson relaand daughter, and as far as that goes,

history of the world. How important tionship that had been slipping away mother and son. As a bishopric, we

it is that we train well to follow the rather rapidly was firmly reestablished. are always impressed with President

white line, to hold fast to the iron rod Are we too busy for a Pack meeting, McKay's kindly admonition. As we

spoken of by President Tanner. dads? Too little time for a few minfind ourselves at times carried away

Our sons are sent to us from our utes of ball throwing before dinner with the boys'programs of the Church,

Heavenly Father's presence as free perhaps? Is it inconvenient for you to he leans forward with that twinkle in

kindly it for in a very his eye rough and night at a Fathers'just one toagents way rebe taught girls us, of brethren, "And, outing? are just minds and Sons'and persuaded—yes,like cattle forcedto be Maybe we and driven

ages,"too corresponding church even with would before and so worknever! we even It was established busy—yes,

busy. too forget sometimes to might brethren not become remind all of the we the of the earththe foundations what

pattern should be. In that great counAny redblooded father would throw girls of corresponding ages.

cil attended by you and me along with back his shoulders and say, "I'd give Today is a wonderful day, made posthe hosts of heaven, we are told that my life for my family,"but, dads, are sible through thousands of intelligent

Satan's plan of force and dictatorial we willing to give up our favorite TV people with proper attitudes. The

power was rejected. Instead a plan of show in the meantime? How about it, world today is the product of mothers

freedom and personal choice was dedads, are we just a little selfish someand dads of yesterday. Our thinking,

cided upon, and so it must be in all times when it comes to putting first our judgment, our spirituality are largely of our human relationships. We have things first? Let's think in terms of the product of their good example. Now

often heard, "You can lead a horse to the little dayto-day niceties and not on the horizon we see tomorrow water, but you can't make him drink."so much about the spectacular gesture sparkling and bright, offering a chalNo, dads, let's face it. The methods "some day."Just as surely as night lenge to our sons and our daughters, a

of compulsion and dictatorship are not follows the day, no man will ever make challenge that exceeds anything the compatible with the Lord's plan, but the. big sacrifice without first the little world has ever known. The attitudes,

rather kindly persuasion through love sacrifices along the way. the leadership, the spirituality of that

and patience as expressed by the poet: From the beginning of time, dad has day will be in direct measure a reflecbeen designated as the head of the tion of the effectiveness of the parental

"Know this, that every soul is free, family. This is further amplified in the guidance we offer today.

To choose his life and what he'll be; teachings of the priesthood. The father Boys, "Honour thy father and thy

For this eternal truth is given who holds the priesthood becomes the mother: that thy days may be long

That God will force—Williamno man to C.heaven."Gregg presidentas long asorhethemaintainshead of hishimselffamilyworthyunit Godupon giveththe landthee."which(Exod. the20:12.)LordDads,thy

of that sacred trust. As president of this let's not wait for the more convenient

Now getting back to the horse that most important corporation in the eyes time that never seems to come. Give

wouldn't drink, someone has said, of the Lord, all fathers must find time that boy the guidance that only you can "Well, he just didn't know he was to give to it. give as Heavenly Father intended it.

thirsty,"so we had to convince him. Time is always so precious. Can we Don't think about the great day way

Here we get into the area of communiever find all the hours necessary to earn off in eternity sometime when you will

JUNE 1964 487 give your life. That boy will settle afternoon until Sunday morning when change from carnal thoughts and acfor a few minutes here, and an hour the two Marys came to the tomb and tions to a life of righteousness. We

there, and every once in a while perfound it empty? call this change of thought and action

haps a full day. An unknown poet The great Apostle Peter, who later "repentance."This repentance must

has said it better than I: became the leader and spokesman for make such a mighty change in our

the Church, gave a very clear statehearts that we have no more disposi- "What is this gift you will give your ment of what happened as he wrote: tion to do evil, but to do good conboy? "For Christ also hath once suffered tinually. Such faith and repentance

A glamorous game, a tinseled toy, for sins, the just for the unjust, that will lead us to make a formal covenant

A whittling knife, a puzzle pack, he might bring us to God, being put to with God to accept Jesus Christ as our

A train that runs on a curving track? death in the flesh, but quickened by Savior, our Redeemer, our Lord, and

A Boy Scout book, a real live pet? the Spirit: our Father. This covenant we call

No, there's plenty of time for such "By which (that is, in the spirit) also baptism and is so necessary that Jesus things yet. he went and preached unto the spirits told his disciples:

Give him a day for his very own in prison; "... Go ye into all the world, and

Just your boy and his dad alone: "Which sometime were disobedient, preach the gospel to every creature.

A walk in the woods, a game in the when once the longsuffering of God "He that believeth and is baptized park, waited in the days of Noah, while the shall be saved; but he that believeth

A fishing trip from dawn to dark; ark was a preparing, wherein (which not (and therefore is not baptized)

lad gift to thrill any Give him the of few, shall during the days means be Noah) damned."16:1516.) (Mark

his of very total companionshipThe that is, eight souls saved were gospel by water Christ of Jesus The has been dad. own in Peter baptism)."(1 (meaning the by the world from of time Adam. decay, toys are outgrown, andGames It preached taught pracand was and

he'll give forget if never you him 3:1820.) But tells tised Tradition patriarchs the the prophets. preached by and us that Noah

a day!"the gospel of also repentance salvation Baptism practised and in water as a was

for 120 years his this people, of earliest token covenant but among from this as time provide we May our those times. listen not wicked ones I realize to that would and you However

us, I pray have FatherHeavenly would his warning. In this of in the there are lived mercy world God, many who Christ. his of in Jesus Son the name following the Christ, death of without Jesus ever having and died opporan

Amen. those spirits who had been confined tunity to hear the gospel of Jesus Christ.

their of because wickedness that there on and know are many men earth We given * were die chance a accept unbaptized, to hear and because women who the gospel in the spirit world. It is some teacher, missionary, or leader who

doubtful that Noah's preaching could should have taught them was so poorly have been heard by all the multitude trained, so lacking in faith, and so unof people then living on the earth. prepared to bear personal witness of

God does love his children and desires Jesus Christ that the hearer never that all will accept his plan of salvation understood the message as he should so they might be numbered among his have done. Should such people be

children and live as resurrected beings damned forever for lack of proper inin his presence. struction, because of an accident of THE GOSPEL - Jesus, therefore, preached to these and birth, or because of the inadequacies of

other spirits in the spirit world and others? I say: "No!"God is a God of AND THE DEAD organized the work of the ministry justice and love and mercy. Every man

there. The scriptures are clear on this is entitled to a just chance to know and

Theodore M. Burton point that the promise given to David accept Jesus Christ or to reject him if

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve and cited by Luke in Acts 1:17 was he feels the price of acceptance is

literally fulfilled. We might well ask: too high.

Few things in this world of ideas and "Why?"Why was it necessary for Thus either in this life or in the spirit

men have been so thoroughly accepted Jesus to give the spirits in prison a world each man and woman who has and so implicitly believed as was the chance to accept the gospel of salvation? lived upon this earth is given an opporliteral resurrection of Jesus Christ by Peter answers the question this way: tunity to covenant with God through

his disciples. Their belief in the actual "For for this cause was the gospel baptism to accept Jesus Christ as Lord

resurrection of Jesus Christ led his preached also to them that are dead, and Father. However, just as Jesus

disciples, rather than to deny him, to that they might be judged according to taught that there is no marrying in give up their very lives. Men do not men in the flesh, but live according to heaven, so there can be no baptism in

give up their lives for an idea or conGod in the spirit."(1 Peter 4:6.) heaven. Both baptism and marriage

cept unless they know in their hearts Men will be judged by what they are earthly ordinances which must be that the idea is true and worth such do in this life. We will be rewarded performed here. Jesus gave Peter and

sacrifice. The disciples believed and for the good we do on this earth, and the other Apostles power to seal on

were convinced of the literal resurrecwe must pay dearly for the sins we earth with the promise that this sealing tion of Jesus Christ. They understood commit. There is altogether too much would then be recognized in heaven.

this resurrection to be a reuniting of disobedience and sin in the world. Sin This same power to seal on earth and

body and spirit to form an eternal soul, is a weakness of the flesh. This weakin heaven has been given us through

never again to be separated by death. ness to some is an excuse to justify the laying on of hands by those in

A question might well be asked: their sins, but to the strong it is a authority. Thus baptisms and mar-

"What happened to the Spirit of Jesus challenge to overcome this weakness of riages on earth, sealed by men given

Christ during the period when his dead the flesh. This is possible by exercising such divine authority, are recognized

body lay in the tomb awaiting its resurthe faith inherent in all men to conin heaven as valid and are acrection?"Though his body was conquer temptation and live as God incepted there.

fined to the tomb, his Spirit was free. tended we should. For those who are deceased, such

What did Jesus do from Friday Jesus invited all men everywhere to ordinances must be performed by the

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA living for and in behalf of those who these practices. With this key of situation without surrendering ideals

are dead. This vicarious work of the knowledge we presently wonder why and objectives. Any other type of reredemption of others was cited by Paul those passages which appear so clear to ligion will be cluttered with the apathy

as another justification for belief in the us now should have been so long covand misconcepts of human wisdom.

literal resurrection of Jesus Christ. As ered in darkness. Here is a power that can lead to the

Paul explained: This work is a work of love and highest pinnacle of achievement in mor-

"Else what shall they do which are sacrifice and illustrates the finest of tality and to exaltation in immortality.

baptized for the dead, if the dead rise Christian virtues in serving others The world gropes today for that direcnot at all? why are they then baptized where no thanks is either possible or tion which the Apostle Paul called:

for the dead?"(1 Cor. 15:29.) expected in this earthly life. We invite "... not... the spirit of fear; but

The reasoning is clear. All men can all men everywhere to join us in this of power, and of love, and of a sound

escape damnation by making such coveChurch as we strive toward Christian mind."(2 Tim. 1:7.)

nants with God to accept Jesus Christ perfection. In serving others we save Our civilization today is often rewith all that action requires of us by ourselves, for we cannot be saved or be ferred to as a godless one, primarily

way of sacrifice and devotion. That all happy without our kindred dead. This because of the ascendancy of worldly

would not achieve the same degree of is a reward which Jesus promised as learning and the diminishing influence exaltation was made very clear by Paul he taught: of faith or conviction; but it is not a

as he taught of the various heavens pre- "... Inasmuch as ye have done it total loss of faith that we need fear,

pared for man in accordance with the unto one of the least of these my but rather a weakening of conviction, diligence man shows in earning such brethren, ye have done it unto me."the watering down of devotion which

glory. Even as one star differs from (Matt. 25:40.) is taking place.

another in brightness, so shall one man's My brothers and sisters and my "Philip E. Jacob, Professor of Political

heaven differ from another's according friends who are watching and listening Science at the University of Pennsylto the service he renders. But the to this program on the air, I bear you vania and author of 'Changing Values

chance to receive the highest glory my solemn witness that God lives, that in College,'says: 'The vast majority of

which Paul typified by the brightness Jesus Christ is his Son who rose from today's college students profess belief of the sun must be given to every man the dead and heads this Church today. in God. But there is a "ghostly quality"

and every woman. I bear my witness to you in love that to their religion. It is divorced from

People not fully acquainted with this these same principles of salvation apply presentday concerns, lacking in social concept cannot understand the concern not only to us, but to those who are responsibility.'Another survey, the

of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterdead, which testimony I bear in the Cornell University Values Study, found:

day Saints with genealogy. Our exname of Jesus Christ. Amen. '... little or no evidence of "absolute

penditure of time, money, and effort in conviction or adherence"and ended by gathering and organizing the names and calling student belief 'secular religion.'"

vital statistics of our ancestors is done (This Week, James DeFoe, "God on the to identify them properly. We only Campus,"March 8, 1964, p. 6.)

gather and correlate these genealogies In February of 1833, the Prophet for one purpose, so that we can do the Joseph Smith made a statement to the necessary ordinance work for our kinworld which we believe was inspired dred dead in the temples of God of God. That statement concerned theerected for that purpose. If our ancestors CONVICTION - harmful effects in the use of tobacco on

and kinfolk have the desire to accept the human body. His declaration wasthe gospel of Jesus Christ even beyond A NEED OF not made with any malice toward anythe grave, they are free to accept these one but simply as a benefit to mankind.redeeming ordinances made in their TODAY Now, after 130 years, we in our present

behalf. There is neither force nor comcivilization have progressively reached

pulsion in the gospel of Jesus Christ, Alvin R. Dyer a verdict concerning the deadly effect

only love, mercy, and opportunity. Assistant to the Council of the Twelve of this narcotic.

The greatness of Jesus Christ was As a Prophet of God, Joseph Smith his selfless sacrifice to assist us who I most humbly give respect and love to was led by divine inspiration and heavare powerless to assist ourselves. By his President McKay and all the General enly direction to make other statements,

sacrifice, he opened to us the door to Authorities and to the Saints here and many of which are more farreaching life everlasting and made it possible for abroad and to all who are hearing and than the one referred to. All have been

us to resurrect our bodies and so regain viewing this service. for the benefit of mankind.

the presence of Almighty God, provided, While we are witnessing the tabulaOne in particular, which is closely of course, that we live righteous lives tions of nature, as predicted, wars, related with faith and conviction, he to merit this privilege. What Jesus did rumors of wars, earthquakes in divers reiterated many times, as recorded in

was done as an example to show us how places, the sea leaping beyond its the Doctrine and Covenants of the we too could serve others through our bounds, it is nevertheless in the simple Church. In June of 1829, nearly four

own work and sacrifice. In our vicarious walks of life that the nobility of man years before he made the statement

work for the salvation of our dead we or a lack of it is found. concerning the deadly effect of tobacco,

do follow our Lord and Savior and beOne of the great needs of our modern he proclaimed these words as they had come ourselves saviors for those who civilization, perhaps the most important been revealed to him from the Lord:

"... the thing which will be of the mostcannot save themselves. It is a beautiof all, is a sense of conviction—convicful principle and one which helps to tion in a cause motivated by divine worth unto you will be to declare reestablish this Church as the true truth; a conviction that is greater pentance...."(D&C 16:6.)

Church of Jesus Christ. I know of no than the mere physical knowledge it This is the need of America! This is

other church which understands this may contain. the need of the world! In the face of

principle and which practises those Through conviction, God can speak such urgency, it is timely to ask, how early Christian ordinances taught in the to the soul of every individual, giving shall we face this problem? First, there

Bible. It did require revelation from direction in all phases of life with is necessity for a changed attitude in

God, however, to show us the logic of spiritual and moral courage to meet any recognizing the difference between right

JUNE 1964 489 and wrong. If we cannot recognize this In this regard, William Hard writes upon solely by exterior forces for good

difference, then we cannot know what of a "split personality"in America. I or evil. Man, if we understand the

to repent of. To live in a society that quote: true meaning and purpose of agency, is

does not recognize the volitional right "Clearly we have achieved a split to be an agent unto himself, assuming of choice in two opposites, of choosing personality. We are having a religious the prerogative of acting as a result of

right over wrong, can only bring the revival and a moral decline. his own volition. Speaking of this the

masses to a state of decay. There seems "I think it clear that we have not sucLord has said:

no question that it is the will of the ceeded adequately in fusing 'worship'"For behold, it is not meet that I "evil one"that our choices in life or and 'the world.'We have not sucshould command in all things; for he

the exercise of agency shall be in beceeded adequately in fusing ritual that is compelled... the same is...

half of one of two evils, rather than in and righteousness. not a wise servant....

right over wrong. I quote from a chal- "If a nation would achieve righteous- "Verily I say, men should be anxiously

lenging editorial of a leading weekly ness,"challenges William Hard, "let engaged in a good cause, and do many magazine: it first achieve repentance."(Reader's things of their own free will;...

"... one of the leading newspapers Digest, William Hard, "How Law "For the power is in them, wherein

1959, they are agents unto themselves."in London—published on August 8 a Abiding Are We—Really?"Mayremarkable editorial entitled 'The New pp. 3941.) (D&C 58:2628.)

Morality.'It was prompted by the sex In a washeddown type of conviction, For man to know good and evil, which

and spy scandals which have stirred the we see the image of the unrepentant characterizes him as being in the way indignation not only of the people of church member spoken of by Samuel to become like unto God, and then by

Great Britain, but also of the people of Miller, Dean of the Harvard Divinity virtue of choice or agency choose the other countries. [Primarily because such School: good rather than the evil, he experiences

modern behavior is not limited in its "Men who want to be sure that their the crowning achievement of inward scope to these scandals.] goodness pays or that there will be a mastery. In the exercise of true re-

"What is significant, however, is the newspaper notice of their heroism, or pentance, we vindicate unto ourselves manner in which 'The Telegraph questhat there is some profit in believing in the calling and work of Jesus Christ, tions the attitude among so many intelGod, simply do not know what for without repentance there is no real lectuals toward right and wrong. faith is."(Look, Samuel Miller, "What purpose to his mission. Here lies the

"In America today, for instance, we Can I Believe,"Dec. 19, 1961, p. 90.) measuring stick of achievement in earth

are being told that, if the end sought What then is the greatest need of our life probation.

is good, it is not unmoral to break the present day? Is it not what a prophet of Repentance, therefore, is a basic prinlaw."(By permission U.S. News and God has proclaimed it to be, that the ciple of our Christian faith; for, if a

World Report, August 26, 1963, David thing that will be of the greatest worth man has a desire in his heart to know

Lawrence, p. 104.) unto us in this modern day is to recogthe truth, the normal and positive reacBut Thomas Aquinas wrote that a nize and appropriate the principle tion causes him to know that he has

good intention does not justify an evil. of repentance? participated in acts that are wrong and

He said: "A man cannot rightly steal In the areas of mental illness, O. Hotherefore sinful. In this respect, all are

because he intends to use the money bart Mowrer of the University of Illiin need of repentance. The Apostle

if we say we have nofor a good purpose—to help the poor."nois makes this statement concerning James says that

Exemplifying the modern trend, the benefit derived from repentance on need of repentance, we are liars, and

Canon Rhymes of England calls expersons that are emotionally frustrated. the truth is not in us. It can be our

plicitly for a "new moral code"based He says when a person "begins to accept misfortune if we fail to recognize the upon sympathy for the different needs his guilt and his sinfulness, the possidifference between right and wrong.

of individuals. These needs may require bility of radical reformation opens up; Repentance leads to conviction, but

that individuals "may need to break all and with this, the individual may legitiis also unalterably connected with forTen Commandments."In turn, the mately, though not without pain and giveness; and when forgiveness flows

old morality, as it is now being spoken effort, pass from deep, pervasive selfinto our consciousness, we experience of, would have condemned such needs; rejection and selftorture to a new free- a feeling of great joy, a release of tenthe new morality, says he, must respect dom, of selfrespect and peace."(The sion and frustration. The Lord has

in them its own essence. American Psychologist, O. Hobart Mowsupplied the simple panacea to happiFrom the classroom, from some Chrisrer, "Sin: the Lesser of Two Evils,"ness through repentance.

tian pulpits, and from the politician's p. 304.) "By this ye may know if a manplatform we are hearing today—"all One of our Articles of Faith, the conrepenteth of his sins—behold, he will

is right"or rather whatever is done tent of which establishes the first princonfess them and forsake them."(D&C

must be right. We see the manifest ciples of the gospel of Jesus Christ, reads 58:43. Italics added.)

evidence of this tirelessly endorsing as follows: There should be no discrimination

whatever actually occurs. Lord Silkin, "We believe that the first principles against that man or woman who may

for instance, apparently distressed at the and ordinances of the Gospel are: first, have done wrong in his or her life.

number of "Irregular marriages,"reFaith in the Lord Jesus Christ; second, Wrong as it may be, unless it is the

cently sought to remedy the situation by Repentance; third, Baptism by immerunpardonable sin, is not always the

calling them regular. A Ministry of sion for the remission of sins; fourth, tragedy. The real tragedy is when oneEducation's medical officer describes Laying on of hands for the gift of the fails to rise above a weakness—to exunchastity as not in his view "unchaste."Holy Ghost."(Fourth article of faith. pose that weakness to the light so that

Thus this supposedly newfound moItalics added.) emotional stress and the dishonor of

rality in our modern day destroys the May we concern ourselves briefly sin may be banished forever. The

efficacy of good over bad or of right over with that phase of this article which the unhappiest people in the world are wrong. The immutable law of God Prophet Joseph Smith has declared rethose who try to hide their sins and

that man becomes like unto him in peatedly to be of the most worth unto then stubbornly will not repent and knowing the difference between right us, that of repentance, which is the forsake their ways of wrong.

and wrong or good and evil is lost in the forerunner of conviction. I recall several years ago, in line with

subterfuge of man's unwillingness to The agency of man is not a power my responsibilities as a bishop of the repent. to be left dormant or itself to be moved Church, of counseling with a middle490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

aged married couple. Their lives were life. That person who cannot recognize I bear my testimony of the need of

not happy ones. They wanted to go right over wrong and then by agency strong convictions and of positive action

forward in the Church, but something choose the right will not see the face in forsaking ways of error, of recognizseemed to mar the way. I finally conof God our Heavenly Father. ing the issue of right and wrong, and

cluded to talk with each one separately. Edward Martin wrote a poem which then, through repentance, of choosing

After a short while, with great difficulty, could help us to make the decision. He the right. And I do this in the name

the wife told me of a transgression in called it, "My Name Is Legion."of Jesus Christ. Amen.

her life which took place during the first week of her marriage. After this "Within my earthly temple there's aterrible mistake, she resolutely tried to crowd; *

save her marriage by hiding her sin, There's one of us that's humble, one and these many years had not told a that's proud, soul of this single instance. She sucThere's one that's brokenhearted for his

ceeded in keeping their marriage, sins, largely because of the sterling worth of There's one that unrepentant sits and her fine husband; but there had built grins;

up inside of her, because of the sin she There's one that loves his neighbor as Sunday Afternoon Session, April 5, 1964 had kept hidden, such an emotional himself, stress that she could not find happiness. And one that cares for naught but fame

pelf. then, the I determined, Here was and

for the lack corroding care I should be "SUFFER THEcause of complete happiFrom much ness. free to she I said to do? was What

felt If sheher that it she I could once determine which is me."LITTLE CHILDREN"up to when

should confide completely in her husband and seek his forgiveness. At first (Masterpieces of Religious Verse, New Boyd K. Packer

she exclaimed, "I could never do that!"York, Harper Brothers, 1948, p. 274.) Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

But somehow she got up the courage to do it after biding her time. The husWalter Malone in speaking of hope, There has lingered in my mind since

band, of course, was shocked; but he which could be the everpresent opporyesterday morning a sentence from the

forgave her; and this brought peace and tunity of knowing the difference between inspired voice of President David O.

happiness to that home. good and evil and then to seek with McKay. "Pure hearts,"he said, "in a

Later this woman sought me out to positive desire to choose the good, pure home are always within whisperexpress her gratitude. She said, as I has said: ing distance of heaven."This touched

recall, "I have never been so peaceful my heart. From it, and from the whisand happy in my life."And the hus- "They do me wrong who say I come pered prayer of a little youngster this

band, how did he feel? Well, I do not no more morning, I took assurance and found

know fully; but I do recall his words When once I knock and fail to find an unexpected preface for the subject,

to me upon a later occasion, when you in; "Suffer the little children to come unto

..."(Mark 10:14.)he said:... Each night I burn the records of me,

"The thing that provokes me is that the day, An associate of mine had a little girl she did not tell me this years ago. I At sunrise every soul is born again!"undergo surgery. They arranged for one

would have forgiven her then, just the of the parents to stay with the little the during period of recuperas I now."dosame ("Opportunity,"Book of Living youngster A a hospital a can strange be ation—for I always have been impressed with Albert York: Whitman, Poems, New

for and a frightening little place a fine sensitivitythe of right that existed 55. Italics added.) p. 1934,

is ill. youngster injured or whoin that a his I knew, who, man upon

Coincidentally she at shared a roomdeathbed, his to face sought not Maker is This a message which Church The the little hospital girl with another lie lips his awith on that even though of Christ of Saints Latterday has Jesus just the also age same underhad whofalsehood perpetrated he which had for the world. missionaries from Our surgery. gone long, the During painfulagainst in friend his a youth. was This earliest time, following the sacred the hours the following this operation,

all life. stayed had his withwrong him consultation the and Father which God little girl struggled almost convulsively sins are committed, emotional When his Christ with Jesus had Son Joseph pain, against the incessantly pleading

isstress result. the inward The in the the Sacred Prophet Grove Smith for parents. her "Mister,"she would

is of calibration.machinery thrown out York, pronear Palmyra, have New beg, "will please find you go my is get to only one releaseThere a way of repentance. claimed the This need friend, in his turn and mommy?"My

it is this repentance. throughfrom and in are they today doing done have and wife, at themselves found the bed more

I is repentance, repeat,True may in nearly the world country every by little of this girl their of than own... a repenteth behold,"When man voice of the conviction the and power child, for to she seemed need more. them

sins], will [his confesshe and forsake of testimony. Finally in the evening her hours

them."(D&C 58:43. Italics added.) It is to be hoped and prayed for that parents appeared. They hurriedly visUnder these circumstances, where the civilization today will heed this call, ited for a few minutes in a casual way

forsaking element is positive and sure, and that 130 years more will not be and then nervously observed that they the Lord has said: "Behold, he who has needed to render a verdict in its behalf. had a social engagement and left the

repented of his sins, [and forsaken I have spoken today of but one phase little youngster to face her agony alone.

them] the same is forgiven, and I, the of the fourth article of faith of The How well they had taught the lesson

Lord, remember them no more."Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday—how enduringly they had impressed

(Ibid., 58:42.) Saints. upon the pliable little mind that she

To conclude my remarks let me say, "We believe... in repentance..."was an intrusion into their lives. How

is as it faith is associated today withwhat unfortunately and baptypical they men need are of many for the of in a causeconviction remission immersion by ofconviction—yes,truth. This tism unconsciously, parents who unwittingly,

we can attain through the doorway of sins and the laying on of hands for the merely endure their children.

repentance, which leads to the noble gift of the Holy Ghost. It has been my privilege in the past

JUNE 1964 491 to speak to young people and to fathers. selves with activities outside of the home member that they were bathed; medicaToday I address my remarks to mothers at the expense of their little children. tion was applied to their little bodies;

of little children and recall for their I have never known a mother to rethey were dressed in our clothing; and

contemplation these words from the gret in the closing years of her life a in the early evening sent to their own

Gospel of St. Mark: sacrifice made for her children or to home, the next day to return for the

"And they brought young children to begrudge the cost of guiding them to same treatment. Night after night after

him, that he should touch them: and fine Christian citizenship. night I remember my mother scrubbing

his disciples rebuked those that brought On the other hand, we find almost endlessly with a bottle of disinfectant them. universal remorse for neglect of family and then boiling clothing against the

"But when Jesus saw it, he was much in the growing years or for overindulg- possibility that her own family might displeased, and said unto them, Suffer ing children, which is symptomatic of become infected. But her mother's heart

the little children to come unto me, the most serious type of neglect. would not turn them away, for these

and forbid them not: for of such is Mothers, do not abandon your rewere little children, and they were

the kingdom of God."(Ibid., 10:1314.) sponsibilities! Be reverently grateful suffering.

While the responsibility to guide for your little children. The demands made upon mothers,

little children belongs to both parents, I speak a word to mothers who have the weariness, the worry, the endless motherhood carries with it a special little children who are handicapped, vigil, all take their toll. But there comes

sacred influence. The program of The children whose little bodies were born to you a special beauty transcending

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday incompletely formed or whose little even that of the blushing bride. Such

Saints will not preempt your priviminds are limited. No one knows the beauty is alluded to in these lines by an

leges, Mother. It is structured to depth of agony that you have suffered. unknown poet entitled simply "Beauty."

strengthen you as a mother. None of By way of consolation, I read from the

it is calculated to diminish your influDoctrine and Covenants: "Two pines were born on a hillside

ence in the home. But since there are "Ye cannot behold with your natural grove'.

good mothers—and better mothers—it is eyes, for the present time, the design of One protected, grew straight and tall.

patterned to strengthen the very quality your God concerning those things It bore no time or weather marks.

of your motherhood. There is a "Home which shall come hereafter, and the Its figure was slim and virginal.

Partnership"spirit in all that is done. glory which shall follow after much

How important it is that every mother tribulation. "The second showed clearly that time

be enthroned as a queen in her home, "For after much tribulation come the had passed, teaching the principles of life and salblessings. Wherefore the day cometh For it stood where the winds stormed by.

vation to her little ones. that ye shall be crowned with much Its arms knew the tortuous weight of

It is a common practice for parents glory; the hour is not yet, but is nigh snow.

to purchase insurance policies and open at hand."(D&C 58:3-4.) Its face knew the sting of the sleetsavings accounts that the children may I recall the inspiring words of Elder filled sky.

attend college or fulfil missions. It is Lee's message yesterday on this subject

generally a good thing to do. But, and suggest that blessings will be ex- "The first tree, so youthfully beautiful

mothers, in all of your looking into the tended to mothers such as you who Was a picture the world could all see.

future, you may do well to look to the have given tender and affectionate love But the artist who climbed to the hillpresent. For premiums must be paid to handicapped children. Trials such as side grove

on character, too, not just monthly or these bring a reverence for life, a new Always painted the other tree."

quarterly or semiannually, but moment depth of compassion and motherhood.

by moment, day by day, year in, year There are lovely mothers, also, who This morning I was compulsively out. Character must be built little by have fostered children born by other drawn to turn and look over my shoulder

little "... giving line upon line, precept women. To such the privilege of to see Sister McKay sitting, her face

upon precept; here a little, and there motherhood is twicefold more precious. almost framed by the white orchids that

a little;..."(D&C 128:21.) And there are many mothers whose love had been set there next to her chair. And

It is not always a solemn and sobering extends beyond their own family. In to the credit of those who sent those

obligation, this teaching of the gospel to elementary school I learned a great flowers I say that they came near to the little children; they have a way lesson in this regard. There were in being as lovely as Sister McKay.

of making it pleasant. One mother in that school several youngsters from a Mothers, teach your children in the

South Carolina told me of her youngfamily which was not blessed with an home the principles of the gospel of ster who was contesting with a neighbor attentive mother at home. Jesus Christ. Sustain your husband jn

child over the question, Which is the During the school year they were his presidency of the home. Draw from

only true church? Her child finally afflicted with impetigo, a common the Priesthood Home Teaching program,

said, "Well, we have a prophet at the disease of the skin which is now very from the Relief Society, and the other head of our Church."The other child easily cured. Because they were not auxiliary agencies of the Church the

conceded finally with the thought, "I bathed and because their clothing was assistance to bless your family.

guess ours is a nonprofit organization."not clean, it quickly spread across their Teach your daughters the essentials

There is a trend in the world today bodies. of homemaking. Teach them to be

and unfortunately in the Church—for The principal of the school asked virtuous. Train your sons for service

women to want to be emancipated. that my mother, who was the room in the mission field. Teach them to be

And we wonder at times—emancipated mother for our class, visit the home in worthy. Teach them to know that the

from what? From domesticity? From the hope that she could encourage the President of the Church is a prophet

motherhood? From happiness? And to type of care that these children so badly of God.

what are you in slavery? Your children? needed. "The woman's touch,"he said, It is easy, mothers, for us to love you,

It is neither necessary nor desirable for "may be most helpful here."because you see the Lord loves you.

the mother of little children to become Although she responded to the reEarn, mothers of little children, the a drudge or to be relegated to a position quest, she failed in her mission, for she witness that Jesus is the Christ, for he of servitude. It is not, however, unfound circumstances in that home were lives. The gospel of Jesus Christ is

common to see women—interestingly pitiable. Well I remember the invitatrue. In testimony of this, I give you

enough many in the financially welltion to bring these little youngsters my witness, in the name of Jesus todo category—oversurfeiting themhome from school with us. And, I reChrist. Amen.

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA esus and.His [postles A PAINTING BY HARRY ANDERSON From the "Mormon"Pavilion of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints at the New York World's Fair.

Reproduced by permission. (Copyright 1964.)

',. > i., -

,Wi\;:. \ i-lfa-A I.'r-z M

Printed in U.SA. Copyright, 196 H by Corporation of the President of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, Salt Lake City, Utah "Ye have not chosen me, "but I have chosen you and ordained you...

Ye have not chosen me,

(John i5:te.) but I have chosen you

To The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, the question of authority is allimportant. The Prophet Joseph Smith,

to whom appeared God the Father and his Son Jesus the

Christ, was ordained to the Lesser Priesthood under the hands of John the Baptist and received the Melchizedek Priesthood from Peter, James, and John. He declared: "We believe that

a man must be called of God, by prophecy, and by the laying on of hands, by those who are in authority, to preach the gospel and administer in the ordinances thereof."(Articles of

Faith, 5.) "No man taketh this honour unto himself,"

wrote the Apostle Paul, "but he that is called of God, as was Aaron."(Hebrews 5:4.)

Jesus himself set the pattern as the Gospels so clearly indicate "Then he ordained twelve, that they should be with him, and that he might send them forth to preach."(Mark 3:14.)

"Then he called his twelve disciples together,... and gave

them power and authority.... And he sent them to preach

the kingdom of God...."(Luke 9:1-2.)

In 1842 the Prophet Joseph Smith wrote, "We believe in the same organization that existed in the

Primitive Church, viz., apostles, pastors, teachers, This impressive, meaningful, and masterfully executed painting of

evangelists, etc. (Articles of Faith, 6.) Christ and the Apostles, is one of the feature attractions of the Mormon Pavilion

Eleven years earlier the Lord had revealed: "It shall not be at the New York World's Fair. It was painted especially for this purpose

by the noted American artistillustrator, Harry Anderson, given to any one to go forth to preach my gospel, of Ridgefield, Connecticut. Mr. Anderson, who was born in Chicago and

or to build up my church, except he be ordained by is a graduate of the University of Illinois, has done hundreds someone who has authority...."(D&C 42:11.) of illustrations for religious stories and books.

which we may he strengthened; trials

by which we may grow bigger, stronger;

so we may attain the perfection he has planned for us through this life in mortality.

I would invite all those who are not members of the Church who have a desire to seek God, to seek God through prayer because he will answer their CLEAN SPEECH

THE LORD'S prayers. He is a True and Living God.

D. Taylor Henry will their prayers. answer He He may

not Assistant to think answer them as you he may, the Council WAY - THE for has Father our languages, many will the choose language BEST WAY but of the Twelve he which In the year 1842, the Prophet Joseph is best for you. It may come to you Smith was invited to submit a statement

Eldred G. Smith through experiences. Some may be setting forth the beliefs of the newly

Patriarch to the Church difficult, yet they will be a lesson to you organized Church of Jesus Christ of which will answer your prayers. He Latterday Saints. In response to that

I bear testimony to you, my brothers may answer your prayer in a way invitation, he directed a communication and sisters, that I, like others who have which will make you stronger, help you now known as the "Wentworth Letter."

talked in this conference, know that this to progress, and give you the burning in This inspired document contained is the kingdom of God, that this is his your heart that this is the gospel of among other things, thirteen concise,

Church. I have confidence in this work Jesus Christ restored in these the comprehensive declarations of belief,

and in the missionaries who are teachlatter days. familiarly called, "The Articles of

ing the gospel, for they are teaching I testify to you that this knowledge Faith."

the truth. has come to me, not from just one little The first of these Articles of Faith

I know that God lives and that he is experience but over a lifetime. I have states: "We believe in God, the Eternal

a Loving Father, and that Jesus Christ often said to myself in my younger Father, and in His Son, Jesus Christ, is his Son. I know he has patience days, as trials and difficulties came and in the Holy Ghost."

with me as with all because he is a along, "The Lord's way is the best Now, if we believe in God with all

Loving Father, that he has gone through way."As long as conditions are beyond our hearts and seek to know him as

such experiences previously. Othermy control, then I leave them up to he would have us know him, then he

wise I would think prayers would be the Lord. I worry only about those will be an anchor to our lives, giving

useless if he weren't a Living, Loving things that are in my control, and those meaning and purpose to them. The

Father who could answer them. things I try to make better and ask the Savior once said, emphasizing this

I know that Jesus Christ is his Son Lord to help me. point: "And this is life eternal, that

both in the spirit and on the earth, for Through those experiences through they might know thee the only true

Christ himself testified that God was life with that as my guide and wherein God, and Jesus Christ whom thou hast his Father. I know the two both apthe Lord is my guide, I have learned sent."(John 17:3.)

peared to Joseph Smith, two separate to know without a doubt that the What do we know about God, our

Personages, and the Father said to Father and the Son did appear to Heavenly Father?

Joseph, "This is My Beloved Son. Hear Joseph Smith; that these truths which First. We are actually his children.

Him!"(Joseph Smith 2:17), putting in have been referred to by others in this He is the Father of our spirits. In our

their proper order of organization which conference were given to the Prophet prayers, we properly address him as has always been since the time Adam Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery; our Father in heaven.

was driven out of the Garden of Eden. that the kingdom of God is now estabSecond. We are created in his image

Unto Adam was said as he left that he lished upon the earth in this the last and after his likeness.

should learn obedience by his own exDispensation of the Fulness of Times, Third. He is a glorified, immortal,

perience. By partaking of the fruit he in the Saturday evening of time, never resurrected being, possessing a body of

was shut out of the presence of the again to be taken from the earth; and flesh, bones, and spirit.

Father, but all that he should receive that this is the time of preparation for And fourth. We once dwelt in his

from then on should come through his the ushering in of the millennium when presence and may return to be again

Son Jesus Christ. Christ himself will come and reign on with him, provided we do the things

And so we, as children of Adam, rethe earth. required to achieve and merit this

ceive our instructions from our Father I hear you my testimony that I know blessed privilege.

through his Son Jesus Christ and are this to be true, J know this is the gospel To these truths the scriptures have here to learn obedience by our own of Jesus Christ, and do so in the name attested, and inspired men have testified.

experience. The Lord gives us opporof Jesus Christ. Amen. We have been admonished to "Love

tunity here for trials through diffithe Lord thy God, with all thy heart, culties. Many of us think we have a might, mind, and strength."(See Luke

most difficult row to hoe; what comes DAWN 10:27.) And with this love also goes a

to us seems to be the hardest; but it BY JOHN CALDWELL. deep respect and reverence for him.

helps us because we need that training Jesus recognized this truth when he probably. That's what it takes for us A vibrant energy fills the air; taught his disciples how to pray. As

for perfection, attain he able theto in prayer, addressed Father must he we deep soft warmth invades the he A ". trials all difficulsaid:to art in the Father through go and which Our earth.

life to necessaryties this are in (Matt. be heaven, Hallowed.. which thy name."

attain perfection. Light conquers dark; 6:9.) When Jesus regarded the name

So the Lord, as a Kind, Loving Father, Right crushes wrong; of the Lord as "hallowed,"can we do

gives us experiences, stumbling blocks Love humbles hate... less? Should we in any manner proto stumble on by which we may be Arise, fane that hallowed name?

strengthened; problems to overcome by It's dawn. When the Prophet Moses received the

JUNE 1964 493 Ten Commandments midst the thun- "Nowadays anybody who swears is "... thy speech bewrayeth thee,"dederings and lightnings of Mt. Sinai, the set down at once as being coarse and clared someone to Peter, one of the

Lord proclaimed: "Thou shalt not take vulgar. Savior's Apostles. {Ibid., 26:73.) And a

the name of the Lord thy God in vain; "The young man who wants to sucheart that is full of goodness, will utter

for the Lord will not hold him guiltceed needs to take advantage of everygood and kind thoughts through wellless that taketh his name in vain."thing that may help him on. And chosen words, the symbols that repre-

(Deut. 5:11; Exod. 20:7.) swearing will be a black mark against sent one's thoughts.

Moses, too, knew by revelation that him in any job he may have. And if Now a word of encouragement to

the name of God is hallowed. And yet, he wants to associate with the right sort you, my young friends of the Church

everyday, we hear thoughtless, uncouth, of girl, he must keep his talk clean. and the world: Make your speech pure

irreverent persons violate this com- "Nobody wants a swearer in the and warm and dignified, devoid of vilemandment as they blaspheme the name office, nor in the workshop, nor on the ness and profanity. Let it be of such

of our Heavenly Father in profane oaths. train, nor in the hotel. The only place a nature and character that the world

In ancient times, the Higher Priestswearing fits is in the saloon. will be attracted to you because of it.

hood was called, "The Holy Priesthood "Swearing means you don't know Make the Lord Jesus Christ your ideal after the order of the Son of God."Out how to talk. Your vocabulary is limited. and pattern after his speech and his

of respect and reverence for the name of It is a sign of ignorance. ways. And as surely as you do this,

the Supreme Being and to avoid the "Swearing means weakness. You will he will magnify you and make you

too frequent repetition of his name, notice that forceful men, whose words mighty before your fellow men, which they, the Church, called that priesthood carry weight, use simple plain words. I promise you, and I testify unto you

after Melchizedek, king of Salem and "When you swear it shows your imthat God lives, that the gospel is true, priest of the Most High God, to whom potence. It is the petty refuge of the in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

Abraham paid tithes. (See D&C 107:2- helpless. If you can help a thing, help Amen.

4.) Is it not a striking fact that in all it; if not, keep still; anyway, do

periods of the world good men have not swear.

held the name of God in highest "Swearing has bad kin. It goes with

reverence? ignorance, brutality, cruelty, drunkenToo often today individuals in fits of ness, licentiousness, viciousness, and

rage and uncontrollable anger profane anger. And you can tell a habit by the

the name of Deity, and too frequently company it keeps....

they do it in ordinary conversation. The "To abstain from swearing does not

Lord, through one of his prophets, mean you are a sissy, it simply means warned that: "... the tongue... is an you are decent.

unruly evil, full of deadly poison.""To show you are manly, you don't(James 3:8.) However, through the have to have a dirty face, nor black ATTITUDE

exercise of selfcontrol and by engagfingernails, nor greasy clothes, nor ing in earnest prayer, it is possible to touseled hair. You can be manly Bishop Victor L. Brown

learn to govern one's speech or though clean, and you are not showing Of the Presiding Bishopric utterances. any manliness by filthy talk....

In addition to taking the name of "Altogether, swearing is a useless, un- A. B. Wells describes an experience she

God in vain, profanity, cursing, and clean, and offensive habit. had one time: "The great overland bus

oath taking are also displeasing to the "Quit it!"(Roy A. Welker, Preparing came to a stop. I looked out of the

Lord. We have been counseled to keep for Marriage, Independence, Mo.: Zion's window to see the fringe of a small

our speech clean and simple. The Lord Printing and Publishing, 1942, pp. town. On the other side of the highloves a clean mouth as well as a pure 19091.) way, pastureland stretched in many

heart. This is evidenced by one of the It is difficult to imagine such men rolling acres. Cattle nibbled at the

Master's own powerful statements in as Abraham, Moses, Lincoln, Joseph grass made green by recent rains.

which he said: "But I say unto you, Smith, or President McKay profaning "Suddenly, I turned from that peaceSwear not at all; neither by heaven; for the name of God. How would you reful scene to see the reason for our stop.

it is God's throne: gard them or what kind of opinion One lone passenger entered. The young

"Nor by the earth; for it is his footwould you form concerning them, if man, hesitating a bit, looked shyly

stool: neither by Jerusalem; for it is they were guilty of such blasphemy? around. Noting the vacant place bethe city of the great King. Try to form in your minds a picture side me, he asked haltingly, 'Do you

"Neither shalt thou swear by thy of the mother of the human race, or mind if I sit here?'

head, because thou canst not make one the mother of the Savior, or your own "'Not at all,'I answered, 'I like comhair white or black. mother sprinkling vile oaths through pany when I gravel. Do sit down.'

"But let your communication be, her speech. You shudder to think of "He removed his cap and slid into

Yea, yea; Nay, nay: for whatsoever is such a thing, but by the very laws of the seat. After a moment he inquired,

more than these cometh of evil."decency, it is no worse for them to do 'Going far, lady?'

(Matt. 5:3437.) it than for you. "'Only as far as Fort TWorth, that is

A modernday writer, Frank Crane, The writer of Proverbs in referring my home,'I replied. 'W e w'll be there

has made an interesting observation on to man declares: "For as he thinketh in a little less than an hour.

the objectionable habit of swearing in in his heart, so is he."(Prov. 23:7.) "'Think of that,'he said,!th a

these words, which I quote: What is in our hearts and minds is seeming air of relief. 'I've been hoping

"The trouble with profanity is not reflected in our speech. I'd run into someone from there. Don't

so much that it is wicked, as that it is A person who is striving to pattern know much about the place; I grew up

just plain dirty. his or her life after that of the Savior on a ranch far out beyond where I

"It is not so much that you shock will be pure in thought and action. His boarded the bus. I'm on my way to

religious people, as that you disgust or her speech will then be clean, digniFort Worth, but I don't know how to decent people.... fied, and worshipful. Jesus said: "... find the school, once I am there.'

"Swearers are behind the times. They out of the abundance of the heart the "'What school is that? Maybe I can

are holdovers from a former century. mouth speaketh."(Matt. 12:34.) And help you,'I said.

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "'It's that real big school; college, I the most common unhealthy thinking no way of knowing how farreaching

guess you would call it.'Then he habits, which, of course result from her glorious attitude would be in helpwent on gravely, 'You see, I'm just out attitude: ing others improve theirs.

of the Army, and I'll get to start school. First, to forget the many good things Let me tell you about some friends

Servicemen can go, you know, and in life you have and overemphasize the of mine who responded to this test so

Uncle Sam pays for it.'few things you lack. wonderfully. Just fourteen years ago,

"'You will be a student at Texas To think that money is more imthey were blessed with their firstborn,

Christian University?'I asked. portant than it actually is. a son whom they named Carl. They

"'Oh, I don't know just where they'll To think that you are indispensable. were living in Germany at the time.

send me, but I'm all excited over having To think that you have too much to Carl's father was a member of the the chance to go at all. You see I didn't do. Armed Forces of the United States. They

have much schoolin'as I grew up. But To think that you are exceptional or were later transferred to the United

before I get started anywhere I have to entitled to special privileges. States and subsequently moved from

go to the Fort Worth School, an'take To forget that a sense of responsibility one Army post to another. As little

what they call an 'attitude'test. After is essential to a democratic society. Carl began to grow, it became obvious

I take it, they will know where to To forget others. that he was a child of unusual talents.

send me.'To cultivate a pessimistic outlook. At the age of five, he was able to

"'Poor dear,'I mused, 'he means To feel sorry for yourself. transpose some of the simple pieces of

aptitude, but I can't embarrass him by Let's take this last one: to feel sorry music from the major to the minor

explaining.'for yourself. I suppose that almost key. At the age of eight, he sang the

"After a short silence he asked eneveryone in this world has one problem male lead in the school Christmas thusiastically, 'Ain't it wonderful what or another. As a matter of fact, somemusical opposite a girl in the fifth grade.

they are doing for us guys—sending us one has said that if we should gather He began to compose his own musical

to school?'all of the problems that we have into a scores and played in a number of con-

"'Well,'I suggested, 'the government great pile and then be permitted to take certs. He became a Cub Scout. He

feels that you did a lot for your counback the one we would like to have, we won two blue ribbons in the "Pinetry; it is the least the country can do would probably take back our own. wood Darbies."He played football

for you.'Whether we are bowed down with with his school team. At the age of

"'Maybe,'he drawled, 'but what's sorrow and gloom or whether we face eleven, he won the outstanding scholasfighting a few battles amount to, if a each day with a smile depends upon our tic award at his school in Ft. Leavenfellow can get educated? I'm getting attitude. Let me tell you about a young worth, Kansas. He composed several

the big end of the deal, lady. I've made woman who had a problem and yet short symphonic pieces and some conup my mind to study real hard. I don't she greeted each day with a smile. certinas. He finished reading the Book

want Uncle Sam's money throwed away This young woman was a high school of Mormon before his eleventh year.

on me.'student, happy, vivacious, loved life. He finished reading the Doctrine and

"Later, we stood in the Fort Worth One day, the doctors informed her that Covenants, the Pearl of Great Price, bus station. In his shirt pocket was the it would be necessary to amputate her and almost finished the Bible before he

slip of paper on which I had written leg because of cancer. This was done. was twelve years of age.

the directions for finding the school that She went back to school on her crutches, He was ordained a deacon in the was to give him his 'attitude'test. still full of life, loving every minute of Aaronic Priesthood on his twelfth

"With a strong calloused hand he it, and then she was informed that her birthday. As his father said, "He looked

gripped mine. 'Thanks a million, operation had been unsuccessful and upon the honoring of the priesthood

ma'am; I feel like I am already on my that her life was drawing to a close as a sacred duty and an opportunity

way to gettin'that schoolin'. Ain't it very rapidly. second to none."

wonderful?'Now, this young woman's attitude About six months after Carl was or-

"As I settled myself and my bags in a could have been one of bitterness todained a deacon, it was found that he taxi, I began to review in my mind the ward everything in life, but rather, she was afflicted with an inoperable cangratitude and enthusiasm displayed by was an inspiration to her family and cerous brain tumor. He was taken to

the prospective student. 'Why,'I her friends because of her wonderful one of the finest hospitals in the entire

thought, 'he has the priceless ingredient attitude. In her own words, she said, country in Washington, D.C. It was

right attitude.for Perhaps success—a

the correct word after usedhe all!'"I"Ihaveam thankfulreceived throughoutfor the manymy blessingslife and wasfinallyunabledeterminedto help thathim medicalfurther. science

(Sunshine Magazine, September 1963.) for my wonderful parents and family. At this time, Carl recognized the

With this kind of attitude, this young I am especially thankful for this wonseriousness of his illness and the possiman will climb to the pinnacle of sucderful gospel and for those who give bility that it might be fatal to him. He

cess. Without it, he could fumble their time to teach it to us. I truly refused to be sorrowed by this knowlalong, living a life of mediocrity. appreciate the teachers I have had in edge and was anxious to pursue all the

What kind of attitude do we have? Sunday School, Primary, and MIA."learning he could get.

What would happen if we were to And she goes on, "Before my operaHe was tutored at home by a most take an attitude test? May I suggest tion, I prayed that my leg might be wonderful teacher and was very well

that each one of us review his attitude. saved. The Lord told me no, and along in his eighth grade studies before

What motivates us into doing the things afterward I thought how selfish and the disease incapacitated him.

we do? Are we really happy and enearthly my prayer had been. I could Here was a young man not quite thirthusiastic about life or is it somewhat only see the present, and it certainly teen years of age, endowed with exanything there could didn't that be seem talent, ceptional attitude an whose wasof a bore?

leg. a best Lord the by losing The inspiration his to not only family but Dr. C. H. Baylor, assistant medical for the has see more, and he can much his also to all him. father As knew who

director of The Texas Company, says best interests of our whole future and said, "After Carl finally understood the that whether one is happy or unhappy eternity in mind."seriousness of his illness, he refused to

is largely a matter of either remembering This was the attitude of a teenager, a be sorrowed by this knowledge and was or forgetting to count one's blessings lovely girl who had the full knowledge anxious to pursue all the learning that along the way of life. He lists some of that her life was almost over. She had he could get."

JUNE 1964 495 And what was the attitude of Carl's only wise and true God, and Jesus (Jer. 16:20.) In spite of all the gods

parents? Their eldest son, the joy of Christ, whom he hath sent. I am he."which men make for themselves and

their lives, a boy with brightest of prosAnd then his command: "Receive ye, the confusion incident thereto, the Livpects for life taken from them just therefore, my law."(D&C 132:24.) ing and True God is in his heaven and

before his thirteenth year! Neither the Father Elbhim nor the is available to his children.

What bitterness could have enveloped Son Jehovah would alienate himself The Master himself gave the basic them. They could have taken the atfrom the children of men. It is they, truth that eternal life is available to

titude that the Lord was unjust. They the men, who cut themselves off if those people only who have a knowledge

had lived good lives. Why did this have there be estrangement. Both the Father of the Father and the Son.

to happen to a boy with such bright and the Son would gladly commune The most important question one prospects? But rather, this was their and associate with men. But men must can ask himself is this: Do I really

attitude, in their own words: 'We shall be Godlike, pure, and perfected to attain know God the Father and Jesus Christ

be eternally grateful for the thirteen such stature. Even with this high dehis Son? And in the answer is the

wonderful years that we were privileged gree of worthiness, men must still be difference between floundering through to have him in our midst. We know protected from the brilliance and glory indecision or having sureness and

that we are blessed in the knowledge of the heavenly personages. certainty.

that we are sealed as an eternal family. If I were to tell you that in your own The Lord promised:

We know that Carl was preparing to back yard you could find an acre of "... every soul who forsaketh his

fill a mission. We know that he was diamonds, would you ignore the sugsins and cometh unto me, and calleth

prepared for that mission and that he is gestion and take no trouble to search? on my name, and obeyeth my voice,

now filling it."No selfpity here, but Today, I am telling you that in easy and keepeth my commandments, shall

rather an attitude of faith and hope reach there is a prize of inestimable see my face and know that I am;"

and optimism, even under the most worth. Diamonds can buy one food (Ibid., 93:1. Italics added.)

trying of circumstances! and shelter. Diamonds can sparkle and The Beatitudes of Christ add: "Blessed

There are many who could tell just glitter. Diamonds can embellish and are the pure in heart: for they shall see

such stories, many whose attitude has decorate. But the prize which is within God."(Matt. 5:8.)

carried them and their loved ones your grasp is more brilliant than jewels. Celestial life may be had by every

through dark pathways into the sunIt will not tarnish nor be subject to soul who will fulfil the requirements.

light. To each of them I express gratimarket trends. I speak of the greatest To know is not enough. One must do.

tude. They are in very deed an gift—the gift of eternal life. It may Righteousness is vital and ordinances

inspiration. not be obtained through mere wishing; are necessary.

I bear you my witness that God lives it cannot be purchased with money; Jehovah proclaims:

and that his Son Jesus Christ is directhopeful wishing will not bring it, but "But no man is possessor of all things ing this, his work, through our great it is available to men and women the except he be purified and cleansed from

President and his servant, David O. world over. There have been long all sin."(D&C 50:28. Italics added.)

McKay, and that if we will develop periods of history when the total truth And the Redeemer continues: "And

the right attitude toward the Master was not immediately available to the surely every man must repent or sufand his teachings, we will be privileged inhabitants of the earth. But in our fer...."(Ibid., 19:4.)

to return to his presence, in the name day, the whole eternal program is here "... 7, God, have suffered these things

of Jesus Christ. Amen. and can carry men to exaltation and for all, that they might not suffer if they

eternal life all the way to Godhood. would repent;

Jeremiah declared: "But if they would not repent, they * "For my people have committed two must suffer even as I;

evils; they have forsaken me the foun- "Which suffering caused myself, even

tain of living waters, and hewed them God, the greatest of all to tremble beout cisterns, broken cisterns, that can cause of pain...."(Ibid., 19:1618.

hold no water."(Jer. 2:13.) Italics added.)

And Amos predicted: "I am Jesus Christ, the Son of God,

"Behold, the days come, saith the who was crucified for the sins of the

Lord God, that I will send a famine world,..."(Ibid., 35:2. Italics added.)

of bread, nor not the land, a famine in are three There the Eternal Gods:

"... hearing thirst for water, but of the Father, Elohim, to pray; we FOR THEY a whom

words of the Lord: Christ or Jehovah; and the Holy Ghost SHALL "And they shall wander from sea to who testifies of the others and witnesses

to even the north sea, the to from and of us the all things. truth SEE GOD"seek fro to shall east, run to and they to delight seem in confusing Many

the word of the Lord, and shall not the matter with their rationalizations

Spencer W. Kimball find it."(Amos 8:1112.) and human calculations. The Father

Of the Council of the Twelve After centuries of spiritual darkness, and the Son, in whose image we are described by Amos and Jeremiah, we created, separate and distinct beings,

My brothers and sisters and friends the solemnly announce to all the world have identifed themselves through the world over, we bring you greeting: that the spiritual famine is ended, the ages.

As members of The Church of Jesus spiritual drought is spent, the word of The Christ declared himself to be

Christ of Latterday Saints, we declare the Lord in its purity and totalness is the Lord God Almighty, Christ the Lord, in all solemnity the reality of God the available to all men. One needs not the beginning and the end, the ReEternal Father and his Son Jesus Christ, wander from sea to sea nor from the deemer of the world, Jesus the Christ,

as like as any father and son, yet disnorth to the east, seeking the true gosthe mighty one of Israel, the Creator, tinct individuals. On more than one pel as Amos predicted, for the everlastthe Son of the Living God, Jehovah.

occasion the Christ has made known ing truth is available. The Father Elohim declares Jesus to

that a knowledge and acquaintance with Jeremiah the prophet again asked be Mine only Begotten Son, the word

God is basic to exaltation. the question: "Shall a man make gods of my power. And twice, at least, at

"This is eternal lives—to know the unto himself, and they are no gods?"the Jordan baptism and then on the

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mount of Transfiguration, he declared: "... mine own eyes have beheld God could face this impostor with his natural

"This is my beloved Son in whom I... my spiritual eyes, for my natural eyes and without discomfort. What

am well pleased."(See Mark 1:11, Luke eyes could not have beheld; for I should a contrast!

3:22) and stated that "the worlds were have withered and died in his presence; And with full knowledge now and

made by him: Men were made by him: but his glory was upon me; and I with great fortitude the prophet deAll things were made by him, and beheld his face, for I was transfigured manded: "Get thee hence, Satan;..."

through him and of him."before him."(Ibid., 1:11.) (Ibid., 1:16.)

The Bible gives much secular and There is another power in this world The liar, the tempter, the devil unreligious history and much in glorious forceful and vicious. In the wilderness willing to give up this possible victim,

teachings. But even with the scriptures, of Judaea, on the temple's pinnacles and now in rage and fury: "... cried with a

confusion continues in the Christian on the high mountain, a momentous loud voice, and rent upon the earth, world. contest took place between two brothers, and commanded, saying, I am the Only

To know God, one must be aware of Jehovah and Lucifer, sons of Elohim. Begotten, worship me."(Ibid., 1:19.)

the person and attributes, power, and When physically weak from fasting, Moses recognized the deception and glory of God the Father and God the Christ was tempted by Lucifer: "If thou saw the power of darkness and the

Christ. declares he Moses this "... saw stone be the God hell."Son of God, of "bitterness command a force Here was

face to face, him. he talked with and 4:3.).."that bread."(Luke it be easily not made reckoned evicted. with nor

(Moses 1: 2.) This experience of Moses On the temple's pinnacles, the Evil Terrified, he called upon God, then

is in harmony with the scripture, One taunted again, suggesting the uncommanded with new power: "I will

which says: warranted use of power: "... Thou shalt not cease to call upon God... for his

"For no man has seen God at any not tempt the Lord thy God."(Ibid., glory has been upon me, wherefore I

time in the flesh, except quickened by 4:12.) can judge between him and thee."

the Spirit of God. Neither can any On a high mountain the devil tanta- (Ibid., 1:18.)

natural man abide the presence of God, lized the Christ, offering kingdoms, "... In the name of the Only Beneither after the carnal mind."(D&C thrones, powers, dominions, satisfacgotten, depart hence, Satan."(Ibid.,

67:1112. Italics added.) tions of urges, desires, passions, the 1:21.)

It must be obvious then that to endure glory of wealth, ease, comfort—all to Not even Lucifer, the Star of the

the glory of the Father or of the glorified possess on condition that he worship Morning, the archenemy of mankind

Christ, a mortal being must be transLucifer. can withstand the power of the priestlated or otherwise fortified. Moses, a The Lord in his mortality was hood of God. Trembling, quaking, cursprophet of God, held the protecting tempted but resisted: "Get thee hence, ing, weeping, wailing, gnashing his

Holy Priesthood: "... and the glory of Satan:..."(Matt. 4:10) he said. teeth, he departed from the victorious

God was upon Moses; therefore Moses Abraham was tempted; Moses and all Moses.

could endure his presence."(Moses 1:2.) men must prove themselves. When properly protected with the

Grease on the swimmer's body or a Now came Satan, contending for the glory of God, and when sufficiently perheavy rubber skin diver's suit may prosubservience of Moses. Satan, also a fected, man can see God.

tect one from cold and wet; an asbestos son of God, had rebelled and had been Again, the glory of the Lord was upon

suit might protect a firefighter from cast out of heaven and not permitted an him and he heard the promise: "...

flames; a bulletproof vest may save the earthly body as had his brother Jehovah. thou shalt deliver my people from

policeman from assassin's bullets; one's Much depended upon the outcome of bondage...."(Ibid., 1:26.)

heated home may protect from winter's this spectacular duel. "... and thou shalt be made stronger

chilling blasts; deep shade or smoked And again, could the mastermind, than many waters; for they shall obey

glass can modify the withering heat Lucifer, control and dominate this thy command as if thou wert God."

and burning rays of the midday sun. Prophet Moses who had learned much (Ibid., 1:25.)

There is a protective force which God directly from his Lord? "Moses, son of What a promise. What power! As

brings into play when he exposes his man, worship me,"the devil tempted, one hears this promise from the God human servants to the glories of his with promise of worlds and luxuries and of heaven, one can envision water comperson and his works. power. But, he courageously: ing from the rock, manna from the

Moses explained that he could en- "... looked upon Satan and said, sky, quails from the bushes, and the

dure the divine presence because "... Who art thou? For behold, I am a son waters of the sea rolling back to provide

the glory of God,"(idem) was upon of God, in the similitude of his Only dry crossing for the refugee children of him. Begotten...."(Moses: 12:13.) And Israel.

Jehovah said: "Wherefore, no man Moses knew well his role and was pre- A heavenly visitor identified himself

can behold all my works, except he pared for this mastermind: to Abraham: "I am the Lord, thy God;

all glory;..behold can. and no man my I dwell in heaven. is glory, that I should thy "... where

all glory, afterwardsbehold..."and my is Jehovah. (Abra- "My name thee? worship in flesh earth."the theremain on 2:7-8.) ham

I behold, "For could look not upon ".(Ibid., 1:5.).. talked And Abraham: with the

In heavenly glorious vision, Moses God, except his glory should come upon Lord, face to face, as one man talketh "... beheld the world... and all the me, and I were strengthened before him. with another;...

children of men...."(Ibid., 1:8.) But I can look upon thee in the natural "And he said unto me: My son, my

It is significant to note that when the man. Is it not so surely?"he taunted. son... And he put his hand upon

protection from such transcendent glory (Ibid., 1:1314.) mine eyes, and I saw those things which

left relaxed, that Moseswas weak was. of "Blessed the. be God, his name hands my had made I could. and not

helpless. nearand for his Spirit altogether not hath withsee thereof."(Ibid., the end 3:1112.)

scripture says: the presence The "And

is else or from thy me, where drawn protected that Abraham so not was heof that his withdrew Moses, from God it is glory, for darkness unto me? only withstand could of glory the theglory not was Moses; upon and Moses

was left unto himself. And... he fell "And I can judge between thee and Lord, but he could see and comprehend.

unto the earth."(Ibid., 1:9.) Many God"; (Ibid., 1:15.) The contrast was The visions which Abraham saw at this

hours elapsed before he could regain compelling. Moses the priesthood bearer time before his sojourn in Egypt were

his natural strength. He exclaimed: must be protected to see Jehovah but beyond all description. Perhaps no

JUNE 1964 497 soul even with the strongest telescopes which set me upon my knees and upon clouded, and light had been obscured has ever seen the thousandth part of the palms of my hands. in darkness. The time had come.

what Abraham saw as to this universe "And when he had spoken such Religious liberty would protect the seed with all its limitless parts and funcwords unto me, I set my face toward until it could germinate and grow. And

tions. He also saw the creation of this the ground, and I became dumb."the individual was prepared in the

earth, and the Father is quoted: (Dan. 10:8-10, 15.) person of a youth, clean and open-

"And worlds without number have I There is another world with which we minded, who had such implicit faith created; and I also created them for mortals are little acquainted. It may in the response of God that the heavens

mine own purpose; and by the Son I not be far from us. Peter, James, and could not remain as iron and the earth

created them, which is mine Only John, the Presidency of the Church, as brass as they had been for many

Begotten Son."(Moses 1:33.) came to know the power of God. These centuries.

How great the power of God, the three central figures climbed the high This budding prophet had no preconmajesty of God, the glory of God! Again, mountain with the Lord Jehovah, ceived false notions and beliefs. He

when Jehovah came to call Saul of while he was yet in the mortal world was not steeped in the traditions and

Tarsus to his mission, the vision was before his crucifixion. In the high legends and superstitions and fables of

given to him only. mountain was solitude, apartness, and the centuries. He had nothing to un-

"And the men which journeyed with privacy. learn. He prayed for knowledge and

him stood speechless, hearing a voice, What a glorious experience! The Son direction. The powers of darkness

but seeing no man."(Acts 9:7.) of God, their Master, "was transfigured preceded the light. When he knelt

But Saul of Tarsus saw Jehovah, the before them, and his face did shine as in solitude in the silent forest, his glorified Christ, and heard his voice the sun, and his raiment was white as earnest prayer brought on a battle royal and conversed with him. Even parthe light"(Matt. 17:2) and heavenly which threatened his destruction. For

tially protected as he was, the brilliance beings Moses and Elias appeared centuries, Lucifer with unlimited doof the light from heaven in which he to them. "... a bright cloud overminion had fettered men's minds. He

the hold. lose noonday his satanic than voice illafford to could a them: shadowed and behold

earth, is tremto thecentered—greatercollapsed his out of the cloud, said, This This threatened unlimited which dominion. mysun—Paul

"I voice said: shocked.bling, in tell his beloved Son, story: well Let Smith am The Joseph own whom I am

.. persecutest. "... 17:5. thou."pleased; ye him."(Ibid., I was seized uponJesus whom Hear power by some

(Ibid., 9:5.) Italics added.) which entirely overcame me... to bind

So intense and brilliant was the The glory of the contact was more my tongue.... Thick darkness gathered

light that even with such protection, than they could bear and they collapsed, around me, and it seemed to me for a he was blinded. He said: "And when I falling on their faces. While in this time as if I were doomed to sudden

could not see for the glory of that light, state unprintable, unspeakable, undestruction.

being led by the hand of them that were utterable things were said and done. "... at the very moment when I was

with me, I came into Damascus."The three mortals thus protected surready to... abandon myself to destruc-

(Ibid., 22:11.) vived even this withering fiery experience. tion—not to an imaginary ruin but to

A priesthood miracle restored sight to Realizing that death by martyrdom the power of some actual being from the

Paul after three days of total darkness. was imminent and that a verbal witness unseen world.... I saw a pillar of light

The glory of the Lord! How great could be forgotten and that his imexactly over my head, above the brightand magnificent! portant knowledge must be perpetuated ness of the sun.

Paul told Timothy: "... Christ... down through the ages, Peter bore his "... I found myself delivered from

"... is the blessed and only Potensolemn witness in writing. No fable the enemy which held me bound. When

tate, the King of kings, and the Lord was this, no conjuring of the imaginathe light rested upon me, I saw two of lords, tion was this, no imagination of human Personages, whose brightness and glory "Who only hath immortality, dwellminds was this... it was real and defy all description, standing above me

ing in the light which no man can certain: in the air. One of them spake unto

approach unto; whom no man hath "(we)... were eyewitnesses of his me, calling me by name and said, pointseen, nor can see:..."(1 Tim. 6:14majesty. ing to the other This is My Beloved

16.) "For he (Christ) received from God Son. Hear Him!"(Joseph Smith

Enoch also needed protection, for the the Father honour and glory, when 2:1517.)

Lord, speaking to Enoch, said: there came such a voice to him from Young Joseph finally recovered his

"Anoint thine eyes with clay, and the excellent glory, This is My beloved voice and asked the pertinent questions wash them, and thou shalt see.... Son, in whom I am well pleased. for which he had come and a conversaAnd he beheld the spirits that God "And which voice came from heaven tion ensued, most of which was forhad created, and he beheld also things we heard, when we were with him in bidden him to write. He continues:

which were not visible to the natural the holy mount."(2 Pet. 1:1618. "... When I came to myself again, I

eye; The.. godless."(Mosesdared6:3536.)not touch him "... ItalicsThe added.)pattern was established, the upfoundintomyselfheaven.lying..."on (Ibid.,my back,2:20.)looking

for fear came on all of them that heard chart made, the blueprint drawn. Under Joseph had had the same general exhim; for he walked with God."(Ibid., special need, at special times, under perience of Abraham and Moses and

6:39.) proper circumstances, God reveals himEnoch who had seen the Lord and heard

Daniel was worried so much so that self to men who are prepared for such his voice. In addition, he heard the

he mourned for three weeks and took no manifestations. And since God is the Father, bearing witness of the Son, as

pleasant bread nor meat nor wine. same yesterday, today, and forever, the had Peter, James, and John on TransThen came his vision which he heavens cannot be closed except as figuration's Mount. He had seen the

alone saw: men lock them against themselves person of Elohim. He had fought a

"... I retained no strength,"he with disbelief. desperate battle with the powers of darksaid, In our own dispensation came another ness as had Moses and Abraham. And

"Yet heard I the voice of his words: similar grandiose experience. The need like them all, he was protected by the

... then was I in a deep sleep on my was imperative; an apostasy had covglory of the Lord. This young man

face, and my face toward the ground. ered the earth and gross darkness the gave a new concept to the world. Now

"And behold, an hand touched me, people, and the minds of men were at least one person knew God without

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA question, for he had seen and heard. I testify to these truths, in the name of and ready to harvest. There are milAgain the Prophet reports the veil was Jesus Christ. Amen. lions waiting today for the restored

lifted from their minds and the eyes of gospel of Jesus Christ, but the laborers their understandings were opened and are few. We must find ways to reach

he and Oliver Cowdery in the temple and teach every creature. I sometimes

saw the Lord Jehovah who said unto wonder if we have actually taught one them: percent of God's children. That would

"I am the first and the last. I am be over thirty million. I know that

he who liveth, I am he who was slain; Monday Morning Session, April 6, 1964 millions have heard about the Church,

I am your advocate with the Father."but there is no substitute for the teacher.

(D&C 110:4.) Under the inspiration and direction

of fire; as of a flame eyes were "His Prophet David O. our McKay, we THE LDS CHURCH

the farreach- of his a great white like hair undertakenthe have head was andpure snow; his countenance shone above AT THE ing missionary program in the New

his voice sun; of the and Fair. Millions brightness of peoplethe York World's

... WORLD'S FAIR waters. great of testito hear the opportunity as the sound will havewas

..."(Ibid., 110:3.) monies and see fruits of the gospel in

And on another occasion, the prophet Bernard P. Brockbank the restored Church of Jesus Christ.

speaks of the Only Begotten Son: Assistant to the Council of the Twelve Jesus said, "... by their fruits ye shall

"We,... being in the spirit... know them."(Ibid., 7:20.) The fruits

"(we could) see and understand the Brethren and sisters: I am thankful for through the exhibits based upon the

things of God the gift of the Holy Ghost, and I pray scriptures will be shown and taught.

"(and the) Only Begotten Son.... for the inspiration of this great comOur pavilion and exhibits are built

"Of whom we bear record;... whom forter. Isn't it humbling and glorious to and designed to give a sacred atmoswe saw and with whom we conversed be an active member of The Church of phere and a spirit of rest and peace.

in the heavenly vision."(Ibid., 76: 1 1- 14. Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints? I find Our theme is "Man's Search for Happi-

"... and the glory of the Lord shone it a great joy and blessing to visit the ness."We want to show and impress

round about. Saints in many parts of the world. It upon all who attend, that happiness

"And we beheld the glory of the is a privilege to shake their hands and comes from seeking first the kingdom

Son, on the right hand of the Father, to call them brother and sister. I like of God and his righteousness.

and received of his fulness; the warmth and the joy that come from As people enter the pavilion, they

"And saw the holy angels, and them this great family tie. Happiness truly will see an Adam and Eve statue and

who are sanctified before his throne, comes from God and his righteousness. the masterful painting of the ancient

worshiping God, and the Lamb, who The first great goal of this life was prophets. The scriptural messages

worship him forever and ever. given by Jesus Christ our Savior, leader, which will be written in text will show

"And now, after the many testimonies and example, when he said, "... seek our acceptance of the Old Testament

which have been given of him, this is ye first the kingdom of God, and his scriptures.

the testimony, last of all, which we righteousness;..."(Matt. 6:33.) There The heroicsized marble statue of

give of him: That he lives! is no other goal ahead of this first goal. Jesus Christ and the inspired painting

"For we saw him, even on the right I would like to speak briefly about of the Twelve Apostles will show that hand of God; and we heard the voice the scriptures and missionary work. No we accept Jesus Christ, the Twelve

bearing record that he is the Only one ever needs to make excuses or Apostles, and the scriptures of the New

Begotten of the Father."(Ibid., 76:19apologize for the scriptures. The AposTestament. The onehundred-ten foot

23.) tle Paul said, "All scripture is given by mural, picturing the teachings of Jesus

"And this we saw also and bear recinspiration of God, and is profitable for Christ, will touch the hearts of the ord, that an angel of God who was in doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for true Christians. Jesus Christ is shown

authority in the presence of God, who instruction in righteousness: coming up out of the waters of the

rebelled against the Only Begotten Son "That the man of God may be perRiver Jordan after being baptized by whom the Father loved and who was in fect, thoroughly furnished unto all good John the Baptist. The Holy Ghost is

the bosom of the Father, was thrust works."(2 Tim. 3:1617.) represented in the form of a dove, and

down from the presence of God and I repeat, "All scripture is given by the voice of God the Eternal Father the Son, inspiration of God."Anyone changing saying, "... This is my beloved Son,

"And was called Perdition, for the or placing a personal interpretation that in whom I am well pleased,"(ibid.,

heavens wept over him—he was Lucifer, changes the true meaning of the scrip- 3:17)—a picture that even touches the

a son of the morning."(Ibid., 76:2526.) tures is placing himself and his abilities heart of the unbeliever. This is one of

And eternal life again was made above the Godinspired scriptures. the great examples and messages of

available to men in the earth, for does When the gospel and Church of the New Testament, and the artist not the scripture say: "And this is life Jesus Christ were restored to this earth under inspiration has created and piceternal, that they might know thee the in 1830 by a Prophet of God, the scriptured this glorious occasion when God

only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom tures were again restored to their true expressed from heaven that he was thou hast sent."(John 17:3.) And so light and meaning. Immediately after pleased with his Son.

we return to the promise made on the the restoration, the great missionary The mural continues with Jesus callhill in Palestine. "Blessed are the pure program of the Church Was coming the fishermen, Peter and Andrew.

in heart: for they shall see God."menced. The Savior said in a revelaAnother picture shows the calling and

(Matt. 5:8.) tion to the Prophet Joseph Smith, "... ordaining of the Twelve Apostles; Jesus

Men who know God and love him behold the field is white already to is also pictured teaching the multitudes and live his commandments and obey harvest;..."(D&C 4:4.) Christ said in Jerusalem; Jesus praying at Gethhis true ordinances may yet in this life, when he lived upon the earth that semane while the apostles slept; Judas

or the life to come, see his face and there were many people to be brought and the betrayal kiss; the crucifixion;

know that he lives and will commune into the Church "but the labourers are the meeting of the Resurrected Christ with them. few."(Matt. 9:37.) and the apostles after his resurrection;

Our friends, I invite further inquiry. Today, 1964, the field is still white the ascension of Jesus Christ and the

JUNE 1964 409 two men in white apparel saying, "... portray the restoration of this great The first and great commandment is:

this same Jesus, which is taken up from power. One hundred backlighted "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God

you into heaven, shall so come in like transparencies have been created and with all thy heart, and with all thy all of parts mind. all thy with the world to soul, and from imtakenmanner 1:11)—a most

is like the second fruits of the Church. unto it, Thou "And rooin, show thepressive mural...."(ActsThe goldenrayed

built around Jesus Christ, is inspiring, A diorama showing eternal life has shalt love thy neighbour as thyself."

soulsearching, and magnificent. Many been created around the words of Jesus (Matt. 22:37, 39.)

will receive their first inspiration of this that have been quoted here several Now, just who is your neighbor? We

Church as they enter this pavilion. times at this conference, "And this is are living in a somewhat complex soWe will briefly show the apostasy life eternal, that they might know thee ciety, when things sometimes are not

from the teaching of Jesus Christ, that the only true God, and Jesus Christ, quite as they seem. And now as we

man in many cases substituted his own whom thou hast sent."(John 17:3.) An are facing a state and national election,

doctrines and programs; men did away inspired moving picture on eternal life perhaps we should conduct ourselves

with the Twelve Apostles, changed the has also been created to inspire and and our public statements and accusabaptism, and substituted an incorporeal touch the hearts of the truthseeker. tions a little differently than we have

and incomprehensible God for our LivThe Tabernacle Choir, a great misdone in the past.

ing, Personal Heavenly Father. sionary, will be at the fair also. Three The Lord has said:

The mural continues to show John hundred Singing Mothers will be there. "Judge not, that ye be not judged.

the Revelator on the Isle of Patmos. I heard several fine sermons on "For with what judgment ye judge,

John in vision saw an angel and said, Easter from prominent ecclesiastical ye shall be judged: and with what

"And I saw another angel fly in the scholars encouraging the people to remeasure ye mete, it shall be measured midst of heaven, having the everlasting turn to religion. We already have an to you again.

gospel to preach unto them that dwell abundance of varied religions on this "And why beholdest thou the mote on the earth, and to every nation, and earth, but all of God's children should that is in thy brother's eye, but conkindred, and tongue, and people,"turn to the Godinspired scriptures and siderest not the beam that is in thine (Rev. 14:6) often quoted and unique to to the gospel teachings of Jesus Christ. own eye?"(Ibid., 7:1-3.)

this Church. Our message to the world They should seek first the kingdom We have two great American political

is that this angel came to the Prophet of God. parties in this country—the RepublicanJoseph Smith and restored the everlastBrothers and sisters, we sincerely and Party and the Democratic Party—and I

ing gospel, and that it is going forward humbly ask for your prayers for the believe that most citizens believe in the today to every nation, kindred, tongue, success of the Lord's work at the twoparty system and desire to preserve and people. World's Fair and for the great misit. Sometimes we speak about the opAs we walk into the first vision sionary program of the Church, that position candidate as if we would like

diorama, we see the boyProphet, we may more fully teach the gospel of to destroy one or the other political

Joseph Smith, kneeling in humble Jesus Christ to every nation, kindred, party. Recently, I heard two men speakprayer in the Sacred Grove, and we feel tongue, and people, and I ask this in the ing about a certain candidate of the

as if we are in that grove of trees witname of Jesus Christ. Amen. opposite party to which they belonged.

nessing his first vision. One of the men said, "If he runs, before

him."will ruin is through, he Some we Millions accept Moses, Abraham,

been have us can recall where men Isaiah, ancient # of of theJacob, and all prophets of God as prophets of God, practically ruined because of treacherous and heavenly messengers appeared unto political campaigns. I wonder if any

them many times. Millions accept the political office is worth that price.

Apostle Peter, John the Revelator, Paul, Certainly, we can talk principles and and the other Apostles of the Lord policies without degrading the integrity

Jesus Christ, and they all had heavenly and even the good name and the family visitations and manifestations. If we W reputation of any candidate of eitherstay with the Godgiven scriptures, "JUDGE NOT party.

heavenly manifestations are part of As citizens of this great country and

God's earth program, and the Prophet Thorpe B. Isaacson members of both major political parties,

Joseph Smith's first vision is in harmony Assistant to the Council of the Twelve we can be thankful for belonging to a with the scriptures. nation under God and for a faith which,

A twin diorama showing Jesus Christ President McKay, President Brown, if practised, can see us through any teaching in and around Jerusalem on President Tanner, President Smith, my hour of trouble. The atmosphere of

the Eastern Hemisphere and in the beloved brethren of the General Auhate and intolerance will likely be

Americas on the Western Hemisphere thorities, my dear brothers and sisters: partly responsible for sad eventsis impressive and brings to light his I would like to testify to you that these occurring in this choice country—

statement that he had other sheep which brethren are servants and prophets of choice land!

he must visit. God our Eternal Father. I know today We should all be thankful and grateThe Bible contains the Godinspired we miss Elder LeGrand Richards, Aposful that this government is an inspired

scriptures of the Eastern Hemisphere. tle LeGrand Richards. I say "apostle"form of government and our personal

The Book of Mormon contains the intentionally because truly he is an rights and liberties will continue unGod-inspired scriptures of the Western Apostle of the Lord Jesus Christ. We abated. Ours is a free country, and

Hemisphere. Today men are looking have missed his sitting here by the side freedom requires people to think for

for evidence of divine power; it can be of Brother Romney for these three days. themselves and develop their own abilifound in the Holy Bible and in the I visited with him this morning. He is ties. Tolerance and respect for the

Book of Mormon, and among the home and looks very fine. He sends opinion of others should be cherished

prophets and Apostles of the Lord. his love to the people, the Saints, and and practised. Each of us could learn

A statue showing the restoration of thanks you for your prayers. He does to distinguish between men and their

the priesthood by Peter, James, and love the Saints, and I can say to him, ideas, to disagree without being disJohn, messengers sent from heaven, "We love you, too, LeGrand. You are agreeable, and to take no pleasure in

upon the head of the Prophet, will a great soul."ruining any man or his good name or

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA his future because most of us, if not all trust aroused by faults magnified and kills bodies; the tongue kills reputaof us, have guilt enough—each in his virtues overlooked. Ties of friendship tions and ofttimes ruins characters.

own way. are broken, societies and organizations Each gun works alone; each loaded

Perhaps there is a great lack of tolerweakened by dissension and ill will, and tongue has a hundred accomplices.

ance. We should not debase and deeven governments undermined because "The havoc of the gun is visible at

prive those with whom we may differ men fail to defend the honor and good once, the full evil of the tongue lives by character or custom but realize that name of their colleagues and governing through all the years....

there is a time and place for everything. officials. Much of this is the result of "The crimes of the tongue are words

The courage to defend the right does the failure to look for the good and not of unkindness, anger, malice, envy, not give one the right to destroy those for the bad in others. bitterness, harsh criticism, gossip, lying

who disagree. The world is in constant "Looking for the good does not mean and scandal. Theft and murder are

conspiracy against brave men. Moral being blind to the bad. Human nature awful crimes, yet in any single year

courage has been to a greater or less is full of weaknesses and frailties;... the aggregate sorrow, pain and sufferextent missing or lacking in the AmeriBut in organized society... there are ing they cause in a nation is microcan life. means established whereby weaknesses scopic when compared with the sorrows

Competition in America is keen but may be corrected and evils overcome. that come from the crimes of the tongue.

that does not justify the attempt to They are only made worse when magni- "At the hands of a thief or a murderer ruin a man's good name in order to fied and multiplied by gossip's idle few of us suffer, even indirectly. But

achieve, nor does it justify short cuts tongue. It is a deplorable fact that the from the careless tongue of friend, the

in our taking advantage of the eye of the gossip and the slanderer sees cruel tongue of enemy, who is free?

other fellow. not only no good in others, but sees No human being can live a life so true,

Should Americans set themselves one 'evil where no evil exists.'Ofttimes, so fair, so pure as to be beyond the

against another in bitterness and suspimany evil, vicious things that are cirreach of malice or immune from the cion? Are we developing tolerance, culated exist only in the imagination poisonous emanations of envy. The

moral courage, patience, etc., or have of... evilthinking minds. How sordid insidious attacks against one's reputathese virtues become deemphasized in must be that person's soul who would tion, the loathsome innuendoes, slurs,

American life? To what degree would defame the honor and good name of an halflies by which jealous mediocrity

we go to defeat another? innocent friend or neighbor! seeks to ruin its superiors, are like those

Some years ago an article written by "True religion as exemplified in the insect parasites that kill the heart and

President David O. McKay was pubgospel of Jesus Christ teaches that every life of a mighty oak.

lished, entitled "Protecting One Anman should be the defender of his "Scandal is one of the crimes of the other's Honor."It might be well for brother's good name. It goes even tongue, but it is only one. Every indieach one of us to adapt this article to further by requiring everyone to overvidual who breathes a word of scandal

ourselves. Today that should be emphalook another's trespasses: is an active stockholder in a society

sized and practised. Yes, it should even "'... ye ought to forgive one another; for the spread of moral contagion. He

become part of our own life. May I for he that forgiveth not his brother is instantly punished by nature by havquote some statements from that article. his trespasses standeth condemned being his mental eyes dimmed to sweetness

President McKay states, and I quote: fore the Lord; for there remaineth in and purity, and his mind deadened to

"To defend one's country is a worthy him the greater sin.'(D&C 64:9.) the sunlight and glow of charity.

deed! Patriotism is a virtue. In pro- "To pray for power to see things as "A few words lightly spoken by the

tecting the good name and holding inthey are, not as others imagine them to tongue of slander, a significant expresviolate the word of their country, men be; to cherish charity in our hearts for sion of the eyes, a cruel shrug of the

in the service of their country may rise our fellow men; to realize that, next to shoulders, with a pursing of the lips

to the heights of true nobility.... love, sympathy is the divinest attribute and then friendly hands grow cold, the

"The same virtue is possessed by him of the human soul, and to manifest it accustomed smile is displaced by a who with unwavering integrity protects for all things, both great and small; to sneer, and one stands alone and aloof

the honor and good name of his friends strive by righteous endeavor to hasten with a dazed feeling of wonder at the and associates [yes, even his competithe day when men of all nations shall vague, intangible something that has tors]. It is the best within him exlive as brothers—these are some of the caused it all.

itself. should be emphaideals of lifepressing which for scandal, "For this craze sensational

all "In upholding the good in others he men everywhere. sized by are largely..."newspapers of today responmakes better his own soul. He that (The Instructor, Vol. 95, June 1960, sible. [I am not referring to our newslooks for the good shall find it; and he pp. 177178.) papers.] Each newspaper is not one

who protects another's good name makes Most men have plenty of trouble tongue, but a thousand or a million bright his own. anyway. Why should we add to the tongues, telling the same foul story to

"But the opposite is true as well. If humiliation, embarrassment, sorrow, as many pairs of listening ears. The

every man is the keeper of his brother's and worry of another? Yes, most men vultures of sensationalism scent the

good name, he who proves false to his are already carrying a heavy load. Why carcass of immorality afar off. From the

trust weakens his own good character, should any one of us wish to add to uttermost part of the earth they collect stains his own soul. There is a mean that already heavy cross? May we put the sin, disgrace and folly of humanity,

element in human nature which 'feeds aside bitterness, hate, jealousy, and quit and show them bare to the world.

fat'upon seeing weaknesses and faults judging the other fellow! If we could "They do not even require facts, for

in others—which secretly gloats upon have courage to come to the rescue of morbid memories and fertile imaginaothers'failures. The more one yields the man who is being attacked when tions make even the worst of the

to this meanness, the meaner one he is not present to defend himworld's happenings seem tame when becomes.... self, we could save the heartbreaks of compared with their monstrosities of

"It is from this base side of humanity one another. invention. These stories, and the disthat spring slander and backbiting,... May I quote from William GeOrge cussions they excite, develop in readers

gross evils in society that produce disJordan: a cheap, shrewd power of distortion of

cord, distrust, and devilishness—that "The second most deadly instrument the acts of all around them."(Thecause... sorrow and broken hearts.... of destruction is the gun—the first is Kingship of SelfControl by William

Families are broken up because of disthe human tongue. The gun merely George Jordan.)

JUNE 1964 BO I When we look at other men, we of Jesus Christ. The signs and events would be wars and rumors of wars bemay think they have no problems, that preceding his second coming are clearly cause of the difficulties that would arise

they have no worries, no sadness; but taught in the scriptures and furthermore in the hearts of men. Nation would

someone said, "Do not judge another are being fulfilled now. rise against nation. Peace would be

man until you have walked in his shoes By way of review, while the Savior taken from the earth, but his disciples for a while!"was upon the earth on one occasion he should endeavor to remain faithful and

met with: true to their covenants to the end.

"Nay speak no ill; a kindly word "The Pharisees also with the SadduAs we review the happenings of the

Can never leave a sting behind; cees came, and tempting desired him past few years, we realize the most

And, oh, to breathe each tale we've that he would shew them a sign dreadful wars of all time have been heard from heaven. fought in this dispensation, and the

Is far beneath a noble mind. "He answered and said unto them, end is not yet. There are uprisings in

Full oft a better seed is sown When it is evening, ye say, It will be many, many countries today. We have

By choosing thus the kinder plan, fair weather: for the sky is red. signs in the heavens and in the earth.

For, if but little good is known, "And in the morning, It will be foul Have they become so common we fail

Still let us speak the best we can. weather to day: for the sky is red and to recognize them? In recent years,

lowring. O ye hypocrites, ye can disaround the world, we have had some

"Give me the heart that fain would cern the face of the sky; but can ye not of the most destructive earthquakes

hide, discern the signs of the times?"(Matt. of history. Distress in and among naWould fain another's faults efface. 16:1-3.) tions is increasing daily. Will anyone

How can it please the human pride, I well remember as a boy in England say that men's hearts are not failing

To prove humanity but base? hearing this statement many times, them? Today, millions of people sit and

No, let us reach a higher mood, "Red sky at night, sailors take delight. tremble in fear of what may happen.

A nobler estimate of man; Red sky in the morning, sailors take The wickedness of the world increases.

Be earnest in the search for good warning."Nations are preparing more earnestly

And speak of all the best we can. Later, the Savior sat upon the Mount than ever before for the final great

of Olives; the disciples came unto him struggle.

"Then speak no ill, but lenient be privately, saying: "... Tell us, when Among the wonderful signs which

To other's failings as your own. shall these things be? and what shall be would be given to indicate the near

If you're the first a fault to see, the sign of thy coming, and of the end approach of his advent, there would not

Be not the first to make it known, of the world? only be wars but also earthquakes in

For life is but a passing day; "And Jesus answered and said unto divers places, distress among nations,

No lip may tell how brief its span; them, Take heed that no man deceive elements in commotion in tornados and

Then, O the little time we stay, you. hurricanes, the sea heaving itself beyond

Let's speak all the best we can.""For many shall come in my name, its bounds. There would be signs in

—Anon. Hymns, Church of Jesus saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive the heavens as well as in the earth of

Christ of Latterday Saints, many. unusual proportions. To impress his

page 116 "And ye shall hear of wars and disciples that these events would surely rumours of wars: see that ye be not come, the Savior said:

May God bless us that we may do troubled: for all these things must come "Heaven and earth shall pass away,

so, and that we shall never add to the to pass, but the end is not yet. but my words shall not pass away.

worries of a friend or a brother, I pray "For nation shall rise against nation, "But of that day and hour knoweth in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. and kingdom against kingdom: and no man, no, not the angels of heaven,

there shall be famines, and pestilences, but my Father only."(Ibid., 24:3536.)

places. are in divers being earthquakes, and Today weapons made more * before, offended, dreadful and than ever be then shall known "And many

and shall betray one another, and shall fear enters into the hearts of all people.

hate one another. Is it so that we are able to see that the

"And many false prophets shall rise, sky is red in the morning or in the and shall deceive many. evening and yet fail to see the signs in

"And because iniquity shall abound, the heavens or in the earth? Surely

the love of many shall wax cold. there will be signs among the heavenly

THE SECOND end,"Butthe hesamethatshaHshallbe enduresaved. unto the earthbodies willbeforereel,the theend sunshallbecome.darkened,The

COMING shall"Andbe thispreachedgospelin allof thethe worldkingdomfor theIs moonthe airplanenot give itsflyinglight.in the skies

a witness unto all nations; and then from one country to another a sign? The OF CHRIST shall the end come."(Ibid., 24:3-7, heavens are filled with them, and

1014.) people are fulfilling the prophecy of

John Longden Think of the signs and events of the Isaiah 60:8. "Who are these that fly

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve past several weeks—worldwide, bearing as a cloud, and as the doves to their

on these predictions. We note, then, as windows?"

Much has been said about the resurthe time approached for the Savior's Moreover are not the missiles which rection of Jesus Christ during this condeparture from his disciples, he gave are shot into the outer space and which ference, and for several weeks past by them instructions as to their mission, revolve around the earth signs? Will

many peoples of the Christian faith as to carry the gospel to all the world. He anyone say that these do not, in a large

the Easter season has been commemoalso instructed them in relation to conmeasure, come under the prediction rated. The resurrection, we testify, is a ditions which would prevail on the made by the Lord on the Mount of

reality. Every testimonybearing memearth preceding his second coming. Olives almost 2000 years ago? Surely

ber of this Church gives this witness. Peoples of the earth would reject him they are signs in the heavens, and there

Today, I should like to speak about a and his mission. will yet come other signs as the Lord

reality yet to come—the second coming False doctrines would arise and there has promised.

502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It appears that the trouble brewing 9:28.) Likewise the Apostle Paul had many, only Wednesday, April 1. It

in this world in which the hearts of this firm conviction when he said: "For was, I believe, the best April First Day

men are failing them is here, and other the Lord himself shall descend from I have ever spent.

even greater manifestations of the near heaven with a shout, with the voice of We bring you the love and greetings approach of the Lord are yet to come. the archangel, and with the trump of of 2100 of some of the finest young

Will we be in a category of the people God:..."(1 Thess. 4:16.) men and women to be found anywhere,

in the days of Noah as recorded in But the crowning testimony of all is your sons and daughters. They are not

Luke? "And as it was in the days of from the Savior of the world himself: perfect, but I say to you, they are a

Noe, so shall it be also in the days of "... I am Jesus Christ, who cometh credit to their loved ones, their comthe Son of man. quickly, in an hour you think not"munities, and the Church. I know the

"They did eat, they drank, they mar- (D&C 51:20), given by revelation from Lord loves them and is magnifying

ried wives, they were given in marriage, the Lord to the Prophet Joseph Smith them, at times even beyond their until the day that Noe entered into in May 1831. natural abilities, which is one of the

the ark, and the flood came, and deMay we be in the category predicted most soulsatisfying experiences that stroyed them all. by the Savior: "But know this, that if can come to man.

"Likewise also as it was in the days the goodman of the house had known We bring you warm greetings from of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they in what watch the thief would come, twelve dedicated mission presidents and

bought, they sold, they planted, they he would have watched, and would not their devoted companions.

builded; have suffered his house to be broken up. We also bring you the love and fel-

"But the same day that Lot went out "Therefore be ye also ready: for in lowship of tens of thousands of faithful

of Sodom it rained fire and brimstone such an hour as ye think not the Son members—many of them new in thefrom heaven, and destroyed them all. of man cometh."(Matt. 24:4344.) Church—from Norway, Sweden, Fin-

"Even thus shall it be in the day I bear witness that the messages of land, Denmark, Switzerland, Austria, when the Son of man is revealed."this conference have been to warn, and Germany, who love the Lord and

(Luke 17:2630.) advise, counsel, and encourage everyone his work and rejoice in the brotherhood

Or as Peter predicted in 2 Peter 3:3-4: to prepare and be ready to meet the they enjoy in the Church.

"Knowing this first, that there shall Master, whether we are still living in It is a high and sacred honor to bear come in the last days scoffers, walking mortality or have completed our miswitness to the divine mission of Jesus after their own lusts, sions here. Christ; to represent his great Church;

"And saying, Where is the promise May we then observe the signs which to be an ambassador of truth to our of his coming?..,"are so evident and have the desire to Father's children; to be called by a

True, the precise time of Christ's comlabor and watch and so live as if the prophet of the Lord to go into the ing has not been made known to man. Savior were going to come today, is world and proclaim the glad tidings

Yet I have no fear in my heart. Neither my prayer in the name of Jesus that God has again spoken from the

has anyone with a testimony of the Christ. Amen. heavens: that the heavens are not

gospel of Jesus Christ. By learning to sealed, that God still communicates

comprehend the signs of the times, by with men on the earth, and that the watching the development of the work pure gospel of Jesus Christ has again of God among the nations, and by notbeen restored to the earth in its fulness.

ing the rapid fulfilment of significant I rejoice in this glorious privilege, prophecies, we may perceive the progresthank the Lord for this rich opportunity sive evidence of the approaching event; and blessing, and bear solemn witness

but the hour or the day, no man knowMonday Afternoon Session, April 6, 1964 to the truth of these things.

eth, neither the angels in heaven nor We meet here in this great confershall they know until he comes. His ence with a prayer of gratitude in our

to those hearts a surprise for our lips will becoming the privilege and on who "HE IS RISEN"his this of living in warningshave ignored choice and period who when have failed to watch. Watch, therefore, the light of truth has burst forth. We

for ye know neither the day nor the Ezra Taft Benson meet in a great Christian nation—a nahour wherein the Son of man cometh. Of the Council of the Twelve tion with a solid spiritual foundation

Likewise, Peter predicted the Saints a nation departing from its basic also shall hardly escape. Nevertheless Humbly and gratefully I approach this concepts.

I, the Lord, am with them. (See 1 Pet. sacred assignment. As a people we have just joined with

4:18.) This is a great promise to those As the ancient Apostle declared on others of the Christian world in the

who will keep their covenants. Another the Mount of Transfiguration: "... it celebration of Easter. Today flags are

sure sign to take place before his secis good for us to be here:..."at half mast as we mourn the passing

ond coming was the restoration of the (Matt. 17:4.) of a great patriot, General Douglas

gospel and kingdom here on earth of I am grateful to President David O. MacArthur, and the sweet wife of our

the Lord Jesus Christ. This we testify McKay, whom I sustain as a prophet beloved Brother S. Dilworth Young.

took place 134 years ago. of God, for inviting Sister Benson and It is, therefore, most fitting that we

The scriptures are replete with testime to attend this great conference, consider together that most glorious monies pertaining to the second coming even though we had not expected it, event, the resurrection of the Lord of Jesus Christ. I would have you note and even though it is not easy to leave Jesus Christ.

Job and the Prophet Daniel, also the the mission field. I bear witness to you that Jesus is the

words of the Apostles after the cruciHave you ever attended a missionChrist, the Savior and Redeemer of the fixion of Jesus: "... this same Jesus, wide conference of more than two hunworld—the very Son of God.

which is taken up from you into heaven, dred devoted, enthusiastic, wonderful He was horn the babe of Bethlehem.

shall so come in like manner as ye have missionaries? We were in the midst of He lived and ministered among men.

seen him go into heaven."(Acts 1:11.) a series of such inspiring meetings when He was crucified on Calvary.

Timothy had this to say: "... and President McKay's cablegram arrived. His friends deserted him.

unto them that look for him shall he In fact, we concluded one of these misHis closest associates did not fully appear the second time...."(Heb. sionary conferences in Dusseldorf, Gerunderstand his mission, and they

JUNE 1964 503 doubted. One of the most trusted truth, such as standing for free agency, an actual return of his spirit to his own

denied knowing him. some of us may in the nottoo-distant physical body. Now the disciples began

A pagan governor, struggling with his future be required to die for the truth. to comprehend more fully that he

conscience after consenting to Jesus'But the best preparation for eternal had truly overcome the world. Not

death, caused a sign to be erected over life is to be prepared at all times to that he had displaced Caesar or even the cross proclaiming him "JESUS OF die—fully prepared by a valiant fight Pilate who ruled over Judea. The great

NAZARETH THE KING OF THE for right. majority of the world's people had still

JEWS."(John 19:19.) Let us act like men, men who are not even heard of him. Not that man's

He asked forgiveness for his torsons of God, men with a sure knowlinhumanity to man was suddenly wiped mentors and then willingly gave up edge that there will be a resurrection out. But there was victory over the

his life. and a final judgment. grave, always, until then, the final conHis body was laid in a borrowed Yes, the resurrection of Jesus Christ queror of all men.

tomb. is a glorious reality. He became the Then the realization began to dawn

An immense stone was placed over first fruits of them that slept. He truly on his faithful followers that his kingthe opening. rose from the tomb the third day, as he dom was not of this world. He had

In the minds of his stunned followers and his prophets foretold, and became overcome the world of hate, envy, greed, over and over echoed some of his last in very deed "the resurrection and the and lust. He had shown the way for

words, "... be of good cheer; I have life."He broke the bonds of death for man to break the chains of selfishness

overcome the world."(Ibid., 16:33.) all of us. We, too, will be resurrected. and vengeance which had bound him,

On the third day there was a great Our spirits will be reunited with our doomed him to mediocrity, a prisoner earthquake. The stone was rolled back bodies. of his own misconceptions. His disciples

from the door of the tomb. Some of the Later the Risen Lord appeared to were quickened with a realization that

women, among the most devoted of his other women, to the two disciples on this was what he had been teaching followers, came to the place with spices the road to Emmaus, to Peter, to the them. This was what his life had

"and found not the body of the Lord Apostles, and "after that,"as reported spelled out to them. More clear became

Jesus."(Luke 24:3.) by Paul, "he was seen of about five his ringing words, "Ye have heard that

Angels appeared and said simply, hundred brethren at once."it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy

"Why seek ye the living among the "And last of all,"continued Paul, neighbour, and hate thine enemy.

dead? "he was seen of me also."(1 Cor. "But I say unto you, Love your ene-

"He is not here, but is risen."15:6, 8.) mies, bless them that curse you, do

(Ibid., 24:5-6.) Yes, Christ's resurrection was abungood to them that hate you, and pray

There is nothing in history to equal dantly verified. The witnesses are for them which despitefully use you,

that dramatic announcement: "He is many. Throughout the forty days foland persecute you."(Matt. 5:4344.)

not here, but is risen."lowing his resurrection the Lord maniYes, the Lord Jesus Christ liberated

fested himself at intervals and gave man from the world by the pure gospel

The greatest events of history are instructions in the things pertaining to of love. He demonstrated that man

those which affect the greatest number the kingdom of God. Much that he through the love of God and through

for the longest periods. By this standsaid and did is not written, but such kindness and charity to his fellows

ard, no event could be more important things as are of record, John assures could achieve his highest potential. He

to individuals or nations than the us, "... are written, that ye might belived the plain and sure doctrine of

resurrection of the Master. The evenlieve that Jesus is the Christ, the Son service, of doing good to all men, friends

tual resurrection of every soul who has of God; and that believing ye might and enemies alike. His charge to return

lived and died on earth is a scriptural have life through his name."(John good for evil is still the greatest chalcertainty, and surely there is no event 20:31.) lenge to the mind of man. At the same

for which one should make more careful He had told his followers that he time it is man's greatest weapon.

preparation. Nothing is more absolutely must soon ascend unto his Father in No other single influence has had so

universal than the resurrection. Every heaven. And as the time of his ascengreat an impact on this earth as the

living being will be resurrected. "... sion drew nigh, the Lord in that last life of Jesus the Christ. We cannot

as in Adam all die, even so in Christ solemn interview gave his parting inconceive of our lives without his teachshall all be made alive."(1 Cor. 15:22.) structions to his disciples. ings. Without him we would be lost

There are those, however, who act as And when Christ and the disciples in a mirage of beliefs and worships, though they do not believe in eternity had gone, "as far as to Bethany"where born in fear and darkness where the or a resurrection. They cower at the Mary, Martha, and Lazarus lived, the sensual and materialistic hold sway.

thought of nuclear war, and to save Lord lifted his hands and blessed them. We are far short of the goal he set

their own bodies they would have peace And while he yet spoke he rose from for us, but we must never lose sight of at any price. Yet the best assurance their midst until a cloud received him it; nor must we forget that our great

of peace and life is to be strong morally from out of their sight. As the Apostles climb toward the light, toward perfecand militarily. But they want life at stood gazing steadfastly upward, two tion, would not be possible except for

the sacrifice of principles. Rather than personages clothed in white apparel his teachings, his life, his death, and

choose liberty or death, they prefer life appeared by them. They spoke unto his resurrection.

with slavery. But they overlook a the eleven saying, "Ye men of Galilee, May God hasten the day when people

crucial scripture "... fear not them why stand ye gazing up into heaven? everywhere will accept his teachings,

which kill the body but are not able this same Jesus, which is taken up from his example, and his divinity, yes, when to kill the soul; but rather fear him you into heaven, shall so come in like they will accept as a reality his glorious

which is able to destroy both soul and manner as ye have seen him go into resurrection which broke the bonds of body in hell."(Matt. 10:28.) The Lord heaven."(Acts 1:9-11, also Luke death for all of us.

could, I suppose, have avoided the war 24:5051.) Yes, we must learn and learn again

in heaven over free agency. All he Worshipfully, and with great joy the that only through accepting and living

needed to do was to compromise with Apostles returned to Jerusalem. The the gospel of love as taught by the

the devil, but had he done so he would Lord's ascension was accomplished. It Master, and only through doing his

have ceased to be God. was truly a literal departure of a matewill can we break the bonds of ignoWhile it is more difficult to live the rial being, as his resurrection had been rance and doubt that bind us. We must

S04 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA learn this simple, glorious truth so that "This Is My Beloved Son. Hear Him!"understood nor could it be had.

we can experience the sweet joys of the (Joseph Smith 2:17.) The gospel deals with total truth

spirit now and eternally. We must "... knowledge of things as they are,

lose ourselves in doing his will. We The appearance of God the Father and as they were, and as they are to

must place him first in our lives. Yes, and his Son Jesus Christ to the boy come."(D&C 93:24.) Such truth is

our blessings multiply as we share his Prophet is the greatest event that has not to be had through man's ordinary love with our neighbor. occurred in this world since the resurlearning processes. His sensory powers

To the extent that we stray from the rection of the Master. As the restored are calculated and adapted to deal only

path marked out for us by the Man of Church of Jesus Christ we humbly and with the things of this earth. Without

Galilee, to that extent we are failing in gratefully bear this witness to all men. revelation, man's intellect is wholly inour individual battles to overcome our This message is a world message. It is adequate for the discovery of the ultiworlds. But we are not without his the truth. More than two million mate truth with which the gospel deals.

help. Again and again he told his members of the Church throughout the Paul spoke of this to the Corinthians

disciples, and all of us, "Let not your world bear this solemn testimony. when he said:

heart be troubled:..."(John 14:1.) Today thousands of faithful mission- "... my speech and my preaching

aries at home and abroad freely carry was not with enticing words of man's "If ye shall ask any thing in my this allimportant message to the world. wisdom, but in demonstration of the

name, I will do it."(Ibid., 14:14.) Jesus is the Christ, the Savior of manSpirit and of power:

kind, the Redeemer of the world, the "... your faith should not stand in

"I will not leave you comfortless:..."very Son of God. He is the God of the wisdom of men, but in the power

(Ibid., 14:18.) this world, our advocate with the of God.

Father. "For what man [continues Paul]

"Peace I leave with you, my peace I Today 16,000 missionarymessengers knoweth the things of a man, save the give unto you": (Ibid., 14:27.) of truth, and the more than two million spirit of man which is in him? even so

members of The Church of Jesus Christ the things of God knoweth no man,

We feel his comforting spirit in the of Latterday Saints—the Mormon but the Spirit of God."(1 Cor. 2:4-sweet prayer of a child and the quiet Church—bear witness that God has 5, 11.)

abiding faith of all who have let his again spoken from the heavens, that The principle of revelation is the key gospel permeate their lives. What a Jesus Christ has appeared again unto which opens the mind and spirit of man

priceless gift it is that we can know man, that the resurrection is a reality. to an understanding of the gospel.

him through our own prayers and Today I testify to the truth of the There is no other key to such knowlthrough the sacred and solemn testimessage which they bear and add my edge. Thinkers have philosophized;

monies of those that have seen him, solemn witness, in the name of Jesus poets have dreamed; and scientists have

known him, felt his presence. Christ. Amen. experimented; but only God speaks

On this spring day more than 1900 with a sure knowledge of all truth.

years after his resurrection, I give you Some years ago I listened to a lecturer my solemn witness and testimony that who argued long and deviously and

I know that Jesus the Christ lives. He came to the conclusion that there was

was in very deed raised from the dead as no such thing as religious knowledge.

we shall be. He is "the resurrection Within his premises, he was right. He

and the life:..."He appeared unto had no religious knowledge, and he

many in the Old World after his resurcould not obtain any because he had rection and according to modern scripruled out revelation.

tures, sacred to me and to Latterday It is my witness to you, however, that

Saints everywhere, he spent three by the power of God, truth concerningglorious days before his final ascenREVELATION the eternal verities with which the sion with his "other sheep"here in gospel deals has been in the past, is

America, the new world. Marion G. Romney now being, and will in the future conBy him and through him and his Of the Council of the Twelve tinue to be communicated to men from

gospel, God the Father has made it heaven by revelation. "Revelation"is

possible for you and me to overcome I would like to say a few things this the "governing law of conduct"—the

the world. afternoon about revelation, which unage-old established rule of action or

Yes, my friends, Jesus is the Christ. derlies all that God has done in the principle by which God communes

He lives. He did break the bonds of earth with his children. I invite you with men.

death. He is more than "a great moral to join your prayers with mine that

teacher."He is our Savior and Rewhile I speak, you and I may both enjoy Now a word as to the Nature of Revedeemer, the very Son of God. And he the spirit of inspiration. That we do lation:

will come again. "... this same Jesus, so is imperative, because to talk about

which is taken up from you into heaven, revelation without the spirit of inspiraSince revelation is by nature spiritual, shall so come in like manner as ye have tion would be futile. man, to receive it, must be spiritually

seen him go into heaven."(Acts 1:11.) born again. You will recall how earYes, this same Jesus has already come First, as to the Principle: nestly Jesus sought to put this point

to earth in our day. The Resurrected over to Nicodemus, repeatedly telling

Christ—glorified,

this world under the exalted,Father—appearedthe God of communicatePrayer is thewithmeansGod. byRevelationwhich menis himhe couldthat exceptneithera mansee norbe bornenteragain,the

to the boy Joseph Smith in 1820. This the means by which God communicates kingdom of God.

same Jesus who was the God of Abrawith men. Revelation is indispensable Man is a dual being. He is composed

ham, Isaac, and Jacob, the God of to an understanding of the gospel of of a spirit and a body. His body came

Moses, the Creator of this earth, has Jesus Christ. The very nature of the into being with his entrance into this

come in our day. He was introduced gospel is such that without the active world of mortality. His spirit as an

by the Father to Joseph Smith in these and constant operation of the prinindividual person was begotten unto words: ciple of revelation, it could not be God in the spirit world. Through a

JUNE 1964 505 long period of growth and development, the Lord appeared unto Adam,..."give you sudden strokes of ideas, so that

each person's spirit came to know God (Ibid., 5:6.) by noticing it, you may find it fulfilled

and spiritual things, including the gos- "And in that day the Holy Ghost fell the same day or soon; (i.e.) those things

pel, obedience to which is a prerequiupon Adam, which beareth record of that were presented unto your minds site to attaining eternal life. Men, the Father and the Son,..."(Ibid., 5:9.) by the Spirit of God, will come to pass;

however, enter mortality spiritually The spoken word has been heard on and thus by learning the Spirit of God blind. Never in this life do they remany occasions. Moses heard it from and understanding it, you may grow

cover memory of premortal spiritual the burning bush; Samuel in the teminto the principle of revelation, until

things. What they here learn of them ple. The Nephites heard the voice of you become perfect in Christ Jesus."

must be revealed anew. the unseen Jesus. (Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith,

One of God's purposes in granting As to the visitation of angels, we p. 151.)

men mortal life is that they might be have many examples. One which moves One of the most familiar types of

tested "... to see if they will do all me as much as any is the record in the revelation is the one which the Lord

things whatsoever the Lord their God third chapter of Ether of the appearance took so much pains to teach to Oliver shall command them;... they who of Jesus in his spirit body to the brother Cowdery. The lesson begins in the

keep their second estate [meaning this of Jared. 6th and 8th sections of the Doctrine

mortal estate] shall have glory added You will remember how, as Alma was and Covenants and concludes it in the upon their heads for ever and ever."traveling from Ammonihah to Aaron, 9th section. Oliver wanted to trans-

(Abraham 3:2526.) an angel appeared to him and said, late, and the Lord finally gave his conSince attaining this glory is condireferring to the time of Alma's conversent. But Oliver didn't translate

tioned upon obedience to the laws and sion, "I am the same angel that because he didn't work hard enough.

ordinances of the gospel, and since men appeared to you before."(See Alma When he complained about it, the

come into life ignorant of these princi- 8:15.) Lord said:

ples and ordinances, justice demands We read in the 110th section of the "Do not murmur, my son, for it is that they be given opportunity to learn Doctrine and Covenants about the wisdom in me that I have dealt with about them. God, being not only just visitation to the Prophet and Oliver of you after this manner.

but merciful, provided revelation as Moses, Elias, and Elijah. "Behold, you have not understood;

the means by which man might be Another manifestation of revelation you have supposed that I would give so advised. is the unspoken word, a good illustrait unto you, when you took no thought

The Lord also saw to it that men tion of which is given us by Enos. He save it was to ask me.

were so constituted that by the proper says: "... while I was thus struggling "But, behold, I say unto you, that

exercise of their moral agency with in the spirit, behold, the voice of the you must study it out in your mind;

which he also endowed them, it would Lord came into my mind again, saying: then you must ask me if it be right,

be natural for them to respond to reve-..."(Enos 10.) Then he tells us and if it is right I will cause that your

lation. Otherwise, it would not be what the voice of the Lord put in his bosom shall burn within you; therejust to hold them accountable for mind. This is a very common means fore, you shall feel that it is right.

their failure to respond thereto. of revelation. It comes into one's "But if it be not right you shall have

feelings, a but shall have such you no sentences. in words and mind With scriptures say that "the the I know

.. 9:6-9.) of stupor thought. of revelation per-."(D&C. this medium.."is I amnatural to God, an enemy man

(Mosiah 3:19.) And so he is when he sonally well acquainted. This is the kind of revelation we can

rejects the promptings of the Spirit and Another medium is an impelling imall live by. One need not make serious

follows the lusts of the flesh. But he pulse of the nature received by the mistakes in life. Such can be avoided

is not an enemy to God when he folProphet when he read James 1:5. by following this formula. It will

lows the promptings of the Spirit. "Never [said he] did any passage of guide us in all our activities if we will

I firmly believe that notwithstanding scripture come with more power to become sensitive to it.

the fact that men, as an incident to the heart of man than this did at this The foregoing are but some of the mortality, are cast out from the presence time to mine. It seemed to enter with means of revelation.

of God and deprived of past memories, great force into every feeling of my In connection with this principle of there still persists in the spirit of every heart."(Joseph Smith 2:12.) revelation, the Pr'ophet Joseph Smith

said: further Another means is presoul a residuum from hishuman dreams—Jacob's

ladder, for example, Joseph's consider that God has created dream of "We spiritualexistent instinclife which tively responds to the voice of the Spirit the sheaves, Pharaoh s dream of the man with a mind capable of instrucof Christ until and unless inhibited by lean and fat years. There were Nebution, and a faculty which may be enthe free agency of the individual. If I chadnezzar's dream, Daniel's dream, larged in proportion to the heed and

had time, I could cite many authorities Lehi's dream. Joseph, the husband of diligence given to the light communion this point. Mary, was warned in a dream to take cated from heaven to the intellect;...

Now, as to the Manifestations of Mary and Jesus into Egypt. the nearer man approaches perfection,

Revelation: Another medium of revelation is vithe clearer are his views, and the greater

sions. You know about Nephi's vision, his enjoyments, till he has overcome the

Revelation comes to men in an unthe Prophet's great vision recorded in evils of his life and lost every desire limited number of ways. Three septhe 76th section of the Doctrine and for sin; and like the ancients, arrives

arate mediums are mentioned in the Covenants, and President Joseph F. at that point of faith where he is

his of glory Smith's in the vision and power of work for the dead in wrappedfirst recorded account of revelation—the spirit to dwell with world. is caught Maker, and up of angels, the the visitationspoken word,

and the power of the Holy Ghost. As a Flashes of ideas that come into one's Him."(DHC 2:8.)

represent qualifying or another type to receive In revelation, mind manihis of transgressionconsequence Adam festation in to all righteousness, this as Listen of revelation. is our Jesus cast out presence. fromwas God's But

he was not forsaken. As he and Eve statement of the Prophet Joseph: great exemplar. He so qualified himtoiled and prayed, "... they heard the "A person may profit by noticing the self that he received through revelation

voice of the Lord from the way toward first intimation of the spirit of revela- "a fulness of the glory of the Father."

the Garden of Eden,..."(Moses 5:4.) tion; for instance, when you feel pure With respect to this point, John the

"And after many days an angel of intelligence flowing into you, it may Beloved bore this witness:

506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "... I beheld his glory, as the glory saving ordinances thereof; and that he Temple not many months before he

of the Only Begotten of the Father,... is now, today, continuing to direct by left us, in which he was quoting as I

"And I, John, saw that he received revelation his great program for the recall partly himself and partly Presinot of the fulness at the first,... blessing and the salvation of the hudent McKay. He said, "Tithing is as

"... but continued from grace to man race. much a law as is baptism itself. We

grace, until he received a fulness;... Our great mission is to declare this are no more compelled to keep the one

"And I, John, bear record that he message with such simple clarity and than the other."And then quoting

received a fulness of the glory of the inspired conviction that men of all President McKay: "We have been prayFather."(D&C 93:1113, 16.) lands will hearken, investigate, and ing for this day for a hundred years,

To me, among the most inspiring prayerfully seek until, through perand if we have the faith to meet the passages of all scripture is the comment sonal revelation to themselves, they needs of the growth of the Church, the of Jesus on this testimony of John's, obtain a saving witness for themselves. Lord will provide a way for us to do so.

which, as you will remember, was That we may successfully discharge The Lord sets the times and seasons of dictated to the Prophet by the Savior. this mission, I humbly pray in the name this great growth."

After quoting John's testimony, Jesus of Jesus Christ. Amen. Each of the brethren who has spoken,

said to the Prophet Joseph Smith: in his own way and in his own time,

"I give that sayings unto you these has added to our of the reminder fundaunderstandyou of to * mental position its may and know how the Church and worship, and know what you worship, mission among men and has reminded that you may come unto the Father in us of our obligations and opportunities.

my name, and in due time receive of We have been reminded of the prinhis fulness. ciples that will solve mankind's prob-

"For if you keep mv commandments lems and that will lead us to everlastyou shall receive of his fulness, and be ing life.

glorified in as in the Father; this effort Now, me exhorta- I am why all and

therefore, I say shall THE MEASURE tion? unto you, you time Because swiftly moves andreceive grace for grace."(Ibid., 93:1920.) OF is short, and because people are of everis Christ's lasting promise the to importance, and Now this there because

itProphet, is his to and promise a time never comes not when us. WHAT IS GOOD we do

"... no man receiveth a fulness need to be taught! There never comes

unless he keepeth his commandments. Richard L. Evans a time when we do not need to know

"He that keepeth his commandments Of the Council of the Twelve that repentance is the great principle receiveth truth and light, until he is of progress and that there is room for all glorified in truth and knoweth all President McKay and my beloved brethof us to improve.

things."(Ibid., 93:2728.) ren and sisters: And since these things are so, what

little receive a a revelation; person believes becomes obey exceedingly We we time of President From the McKay's

it; little it, receive important, a we because more, obey believes what he address until and opening this moment, we

repeat the cycle over and over again. have been strengthened and refreshed determines how he lives. A person will

This is pattern the prepare differently for by which much a short spirit. the in have heard our PresiWe

ofpromise the of this first paragraph than he will for a long one, dent's against appeal pernicious, enjourney great revelation may be obtained. As slaving habits and for preserving the and he will prepare much differently for

you now listen to this promise, let your integrity of the home and maintainan everlasting journey than he will for souls be filled with hope. ing moral standards. Last night late, I one that ends after a short season.

"Verily, thus saith the Lord: It shall reread the President's opening address, Now since eternity is forever, and

come to pass that every soul who forwhich I feel was one of his finest. since life is going to be lived one way

saketh his sins and cometh unto me, These sentences I have taken from or another everlastingly, and since what and calleth on my name, and obeyeth his text: we do here has its effect on our eternal

my voice, and keepeth my command- "... that our homes are kept unpolopportunities, we ought frequently to

shallments, is that see my face and know luted infidelity; selfsearching—and and unbroken by

(Ibid.,that I am."93:1.) been doing these past that whatdo somewe have children will therein be trained to keep

In these remarks I have, as you of the commandments of the Lord, to be three days.

course have noted, omitted any reference honest, true, chaste, benevolent, and One of life's greatest lessons is to to revelation in connection with the virtuous, and to do good to all men."learn that there are causes and consegreat of advances age. science in our "... of Wisdom the Word

IThis deliberately. have done I know ill deeper than the effects upon... goesthe quences.agency andGodwillhas notgivenviolateus ourit, freebut

that all men live and learn by the light body and strikes at the very root of everything we do has its effect on our of the Spirit of Christ; I know that all character...."everlasting life. As Samuel Johnson

inprogress science fields it: is other of and said future "The bought the with other success for can "No compensate

secular learning possible the present."is made by failure in the home."

Ilight Christ. of not, however, do President several others and McKay vicious most "The enemy to home

that distinctivethink our message about the have mentioned general's surgeon life is immorality.

liesrevelation fields in of such learning its report effects and adverse on tobacco of the word "The Lord to his Church field ratherbut in the of religion. life. health length of and human yourself 'Keep unspotted from

is that are living message Our to expect we see may now much the Weon in sinsis: world!'of the

last greatthe of dispensation and the to set aside the effects of have Lee's heard Brother appeal maneuvering We of Christ;gospel Jesus these findings. has that God to not be "almost"altogether only but

that the heavensopened anew; evil of inby dian unrestrained When the what to be. ought we

rect revelation the through attack, means there will is under we be have heard we And Brother Hunter's dulgence have been considering, he has revealed most interesting analysis of the obliga- a plea for moderation, for half steps, himself, restored his gospel, set up his tion and privilege of tithing. I recall as if to say that a little of something

Church with power and authority to in this connection a quotation from that isn't right is all right. It comes

preach the gospel and administer the President Moyle, given in the Manti down in another sense to this "almost"

JUNE 1964 507 that Brother Lee spoke of. To quote What he was saying, in his own way, occasion to test, time and time again,

some words from Nephi: "And there was, in speaking of communism as he the verity of the foundations of The

shall also be many which shall say: was, that unless it changes to serve the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

... there is no harm in this;..."highest possibilities of mankind, it canSaints. The answer has always been

(2 Nephi 28:8.) This is in error. If not survive, and if it changes to do this, the same: Joseph Smith told the truth."

it isn't good—let it alone. If it isn't it would not be communism. (Salt Lake City: Deseret News Press,

right—avoid it, not "almost,"but What this says to me is that, here 1952, pp. 243244.)

altogether. and hereafter, what is good for man is Joseph Smith did tell the truth. This

It has been over 130 years since the the measure of what is good and the is the witness that I would leave with answer was given on this subject and ultimate in our Father's plans and puryou, my beloved brothers and sisters, on many other subjects. Why do we so poses, and we must have the wisdom, my beloved family and friends, along

long wander in the wilderness? the strength, the discernment to shape with the witness that Jesus is the Christ

Now there are those who would ask our lives toward this end and to choose and that God our Father did make us what all this has to do with religion. between what is and isn't good. in his own image and that it is his

In the Church and kingdom of God, the At our World's Fair site in New York purpose to bring to pass our immortality practical and the physical are inter- a few days ago, with Brothers Lee and and eternal life, and this I do in the mingled with the spiritual. We are a Stapley and Brockbank and others, we name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

practical Church. Life is a practical saw raised atop the center tower of

matter. So is eternal life. There are the temple a beautiful goldleafedlaws and commandments and physical replica of the Angel Moroni. Earnestly *

facts that pertain to peace and progress we asked for a variance of the World's and health and happiness, and I cannot Fair building code so that our temple conceive of a Loving Father's not being spires could reach to a height that would interested in everything that pertains to be symbolic and significant and would his children—what they do, what they appear in proportion—and as we saw

eat, what they think, what they learn, the angel put in place and contemhow they live, their health, their happlated our exhibit with all its planning piness, their character, their conduct. (the product of many minds and many

Conscientious fathers are interested in men, to whom should be paid personal all these things, or should be, and so tribute, and they will receive their is our Father in heaven. This is part everlasting credit where it counts, evenof the gospel. It is part of life. It is if they worked somewhat behind the COME UNTO ME

part of religion—to give us peace and scenes), we could not help recall these

health and happiness and to qualify words from the book of Revelation, alThomas S. Monson

us for the highest opportunities of everready more than once quoted at this Of the Council of the Twelve lasting life. conference:

In all of life, as Phillips Brooks put "And I saw another angel fly in the "Trust in the Lord with all thine "destroyers"—thoseit, there are the "fulfillers"who build andup andthe midsting gospelof heaven,to preachhavinguntothethemeverlastthat heart;understanding.and lean not unto thine own

those who pull down, and the measure dwell on the earth, and to every nation, "In all thy ways acknowledge him, of what is good for man is what it and kindred, and tongue, and people, and he shall direct thy paths."(Prov.

does for him. What isn't good isn't "Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, 3:5-6.) So spoke the wise Solomon,

good. What is good is good. And why and give glory to him; for the hour of the son of David, king of Israel.

should we vacillate between the two? his judgment is come: and worship him On this the American continent,

I heard President Brown ask this that made heaven, and earth, and the Jacob, the brother of Nephi, declared:

question not long ago. I can't recall sea, and the fountains of waters.""... Look unto God with firmness of

the occasion, but I remember the words. (Rev. 14:6-7.) mind, and pray unto him with exceed-

I hope he will pardon me for using To the literal fulfilment of this event, ing faith...."(Jacob 3:1.)

them from him. "Do you want to rewe bear witness, and we have an obliIn this dispensation in a revelation

pent or rationalize? Repenting means gation to live according to the witness given to the Prophet Joseph Smith,

pulling yourself up to a set of standards, that we bear. the Lord said, "Look unto me in

and rationalizing means letting your Some days ago I was searching in an every thought; doubt not, fear not."

conduct down to your appetites and to autobiography of Dr. John A. Widtsoe, (D&C 6:36.)

a less worthy inclination."one of my beloved mission presidents This divinely inspired counsel comes

to us today as crystal clear water to a our attention turn ought to years scholar, to many We eduago—scientist,

earth. parched enlarge that thingsthose and fulfil cator, and Apostle. in this book And

life and not those things which enslave called In a Sunlit Land, published We live in troubled times. Doctors'

and destroy. shortly before his death, he reviews his offices throughout the land are filled

"Man's success or failure, happiness beginnings in a far country, on a with individuals who are beset with or misery,"President McKay has said, rocky island off the North Sea coast of emotional problems as well as physical "depend upon what he seeks and what Norway; his birth into another church; distress. Our divorce courts are doing

he chooses."the coming of the missionaries; the a land office business because people

Last June in St. Louis at a Rotary conversion of his mother and later his have unsolved problems. Personnel

International Convention, Willy Brandt, own conversion; his going to Harvard workers and grievance committees in

Mayor of Berlin, came to speak there at as an immigrant lad; his going later to modern industry work long hours in an

our invitation, and in a significant and Germany to acquire his doctor's degree effort to assist people with their problems. officer personnel assigned One other of talk in chemistry; the scienceschallenging his study among made this

to petty handle grievances concluded philosophies of system, of the religionsobservations: and no and "Nobody, no hectic unusually an placing by day

ideology can prevail over the future men; his serving as president of two facetiously a little sign on his desk for

unless the central interest is humanity. universities. And then on about the those with unsolved problems to read.

... The world is not to be won by last page of that book he says: It read, "Have you tried prayer?"

disregarding people.""During this long life, I have had What that personnel director did not

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA know when he placed such a sign upon this letter to you, Dad, because you are in faith, nothing wavering.

his desk was that he was providing the greatest man that I have ever It was by faith, nothing wavering, counsel and direction which would known. The overwhelming desire of that the Brother of Jared saw the finger

solve more problems, alleviate more sufmy heart is that I might so live that I of God touch the stones in response to fering, prevent more transgression, and might have the privilege of being beside his plea.

bring about greater peace and contentyou and mother and other members of It was by faith, nothing wavering, ment in the human soul than could be the family in the celestial kingdom."that Noah erected an ark in obedience

obtained in any other way. That father has never received a more to the command from God.

A prominent American judge was cherished letter. It was by faith, nothing wavering,

asked what we as citizens of the counthat Abraham was willing to offer up tries of the world could do to reduce As we offer unto the Lord our family his beloved Isaac as a sacrifice.

crime and disobedience to law and to and our personal prayers, let us do so It was by faith, nothing wavering, bring peace and contentment into our with faith and trust in him. Let us that Moses led the children of Israel out

lives and into our nations. He careremember the injunction of Paul to the of Egypt and through the Red Sea.

fully replied, "I would suggest a return Hebrews: "... for he that cometh to It was by faith, nothing wavering,

to the oldfashioned practice of famGod must believe that he is, and that that Joshua and his followers brought ily prayer."he is a rewarder of them that diligently the walls of Jericho tumbling down.

As a people, aren't we grateful that seek him."(Heb. 11:6.) If any of us has It was by faith, nothing wavering,

family prayer is not an outof-date been slow to hearken to the counsel to that Joseph saw God our Eternal Father practice with us? There is no more pray always, there is no finer hour to and Jesus Christ his Son.

beautiful sight in all this world than to begin than now. William Cowper deNow the skeptic may say that these

see a family praying together. The oftclared, "Satan trembles when he sees mighty accounts of faith occurred long

repeated phrase is ever true, "The family the weakest Saint upon his knees."ago, that times have changed.

that prays together stays together."Those who feel that prayer might Have times really changed? Don't

The Lord directed that we have famdenote a physical weakness, remember we today, as always, love our children ily prayer when he said, "Pray in your that a man never stands taller than and want them to live righteously?

families unto the Father, always in my when he is upon his knees. Don't we today, as always, need God's

name, that your wives and your chilWe cannot know what faith is if we divine, protecting care? Don't we today,

dren may be blessed."(3 Nephi 18:21.) have never had it, and we cannot obas always, continue to be at his mercy

Will you join me as we look in on a tain it as long as we deny it. Faith and and in his debt for the very life he

typical Latterday Saint family offering doubt cannot exist in the same mind at has given us?

prayers unto the Lord? Father, mother, the same time, for one will dispel Times have not really changed.

and each of the children kneel, bow the other. Prayer continues to provide power

their heads and close their eyes. A If our desire is to discard all doubt spiritual power. Prayer continues tosweet spirit of love, unity, peace fills and to substitute therefor an abiding provide peace—spiritual peace.

the home. As father hears his tiny son faith, we have but to accept the invitaWherever we may be, our Heavenly

pray unto God that his dad will do the tion extended to you and to me in the Father can hear and answer the prayer right things and be obedient to the Epistle of James. offered in faith. This is especially true

Lord's bidding, do you think that such "If any of you lack wisdom, let him in the mission fields throughout the a father would find it difficult to honor ask of God, that giveth to all men world. While presiding under the directhe prayer of this precious son? As a liberally, and upbraideth not; and it tion of President McKay over the

teenaged daughter hears her sweet shall be given him. Canadian Mission, Sister Monson and

mother plead unto the Lord that her "But let him ask in faith, nothing I had the opportunity of serving with daughter will be inspired in the selecwavering. For he that wavereth is like the finest young men and women in all

sons missionary and sea driven with the wind this of thetion of her that companions, she will a wave very lives exemplidaughters.world—yourTheir 1:5-6.) tossed."herself (Jas.prepare and for temple marriage,

don't you believe that such a daughter This promise motivated the young fied faith and prayer.

will seek to honor this humble, pleadman Joseph Smith to seek God in There sat in my office one day a ing petition of her mother whom she so prayer. He declared to us in his own newly arrived missionary. He was

dearly loves? When father, mother, and words, bright, strong, filled with enthusiasm

each of the children earnestly pray that "At length I came to the conclusion and a desire to serve, happy and gratethese fine sons in the family will live that I... must do as James directs, ful to be a missionary. As I spoke with

worthy that they may, in due time, that is, ask of God. I at length came him I said, "Elder, I imagine that your

receive a call to serve as ambassadors to the determination to 'ask of God,'father and mother wholeheartedly supof the Lord in the mission fields of the concluding that if he gave wisdom to port you in your mission call."He

Church, don't we begin to see how such them that lacked wisdom, and would lowered his head and replied, "Well, sons grow to young manhood with give liberally, and not upbraid, I not quite. You see, President, my father

an overwhelming desire to serve as might venture. is not a member of the Church. He

missionaries? "So, in accordance with this, my dedoesn't believe as we believe, so he can-

I am sure that family prayer prompted termination to ask of God, I retired to not fully appreciate the importance of a letter written by a young Latterthe woods to make the attempt.... It my assignment."Without hesitating

day Saint girl attending a Denver, was the first time in my life that I had and prompted by a source not my own,

Colorado, high school. The students made such an attempt, for amidst all my I said to him, "Elder, if you will honhad been asked to prepare a letter to anxieties I had never as yet made the estly and diligently serve God in

be written to a great man of their attempt to pray vocally."(Joseph Smith proclaiming his message, your father

choice. Many addressed their letters 2:1314.) will join the Church before your misto Mickey Mantle, the New York Yankee Now if we have hesitated in supplicatsion is concluded."He clasped my

star of baseball; John Glenn, America's ing God our Eternal Father simply hand in a viselike grip, the tears welled

first astronaut; the President of the because we have not as yet made the up in his eyes and began to roll forth

United States; and other celebrities. attempt to pray, we certainly can take down his cheeks, and he declared, "To

This young lady, however, addressed her courage from the example of the Prophet see my father accept the truth would letter to her father, and in the letter Joseph. But let us remember, as did be the greatest blessing that could

she stated, "I have decided to write the Prophet, our prayer must be offered come into my life."

JUNE 1964 509 This young man did not sit idly by, propounded by man? Surely he was

hoping and wishing that the promise not opposed to truth no matter from would be fulfilled, but rather he folwhat source derived, but his source of lowed the example of Abraham Lincoln, truth was divine—and it belongs to the

of whom it has been said, "When he kingdom of God. This, no doubt is

prayed, he prayed as though everything the reason for his great admonition, depended upon God, and then he "... seek ye first the kingdom of God,

worked as though everything depended and his righteousness; and all these

upon him."Such was the missionary things [material goods] shall be added

service of this young man. unto you."(Matt. 6:33.)

At every missionary conference I The Master places great significancewould seek him out before the meetTHE KINGDOM upon the "kingdom of God."And

ever and ask,ings would commence properly responsible he not so. Was OF GOD progressing?""Elder, how's dad for establishing charits divine it, with

be, invariably His reply would "No their good, men—for

progress, President, but Lord I know the their final exaltation? Delbert L. Stapley foracter,theirheregloryamongand

will fulfil the promise given to me Of the Council of the Twelve He surely knew how ineffectual the through you as my mission president."institutions of men are when compared

The days turned to weeks and the My brethren and sisters and friends: with that divine institution, the kingweeks to months and finally, just two This has been a glorious conference. dom of God, as the means of ultimately

weeks before we ourselves left the misThe messages have been fitting for this perfecting mankind.

sion field to return home, I received a particular day and time in which we Reading the four Gospels, one is led ofletter this missionthe father from benefited uplifted, been live. I have to marvel at Jesus'references numerous

like to shareary. I would to go forit with spiritually, encouraged and to the kingdom of God. It was

you today. ward in the progress of the great work his mind. He was constantly anxiousever in

of Lord. our that it God's children should of know

Brother"Dear Monson: uttered words: the "And Jesus its is significance. When and as just He

for "I to so thank wish you much is life eternal, that this they might know anxious to his all disciples have and oftaking care son such good who my true the thee Jesus only and God, others everywhere underand know in missionrecently completed a Canada. Christ, sent"hast thou it (John in last stand this whom Dispensation of the

us. to inspiration has an been "He at expressed once truth a he 17:3), of Fulness Times.

left promised he son was when "My eternal. profound and is Truly, then, the of kingdom God I his that a mission become wouldon underbe truth sought and But must all for most important to seek mankind his return. before of the Churchmember is it useless. stood and after. is that "But what kingdom?"lived—otherwise, I to believe, was, promise madeThis it itself; It to waits be not does impose ask. one may to me. you, by unknownhim It discovered. to waits acted be upon In the Scriptures, Holy both ancient I "I to report that happy was am intelligence, wise but judgment; by and modern, the terms of "kingdom intobaptized the beone Church week

it discovered places and when God,""kingdom of Christ,""kingdom hisfore at mission completed and he am to the a enjoy road one on of heaven,"are frequently interused God—toutilized, of Athletic thepresent time Director

is life eterlike of that unto God, which Yet, changeably. specifically, there are assignment. teaching a have andMIA

is life. its in truth nal known distinctions for It is When each. to well be is attending son and now "My BYU

it entirety, Godlike, one makes more acquainted these with distinctions. also recentlyhis brother younger was

baptized and confirmed a member of for God knows and understands all From the writings of Elder James E.

the Church. things. This blessed condition is Talmage we read:

"May I again thank you for all the what God wants for all his children, for "In this prospective ministration kindness and love bestowed upon my he has declared: "For behold, this is my among His gathered saints, Jesus Christson by his brothers in the mission field work and my glory—to bring to pass is to be at once their God and their

during the past two years. the immortality and eternal life of King. His government is to be that of

man."(Moses 1:39.) a perfect theocracy; the laws of right-

"Yours very truly, Now, where shall we go to discover eousness will be the code, and control "A grateful father."the truth, that, when utilized, will will be administered under one authorbring eternal life? Shall we go to the ity, undisputed because indisputable."

The humble prayer of faith had once world's halls of learning, the labora- (Articles of Faith, p. 363, see pp.

again been answered. tories of the sciences, the studios of art, 365368.)

There is a golden thread that runs the dens of metaphysical speculation? Commenting upon verse 55 of section

through every account of faith from the Was it from such institutions that Jesus 10 of the Doctrine and Covenants:

beginning of the world to the present derived his wisdom respecting mortal "Therefore, whosoever belongeth to my time. Abraham, Noah, the Brother of life, his understanding of eternal life? church need not fear, for such shall

Jared, the Prophet Joseph, and countless No, indeed! Although he did not inherit the kingdom of heaven,"the

others were obedient to the will of God. condemn these interests of men, he Prophet Joseph Smith had this to say:

They had ears that could hear, eyes never used them. He never even re- "The Kingdom of Heaven is the

that could see, and hearts that could ferred to them as essential to life everChurch. Sometimes the 'Kingdom of

know and feel. lasting. He did refer often to the Heaven'means the entire domain in

They never doubted. They trusted. kingdom of God as the repository of which the government of God has been

Through personal prayer, through that truth which makes men free, that established—the kingdom in which

family prayer, by trusting in God with provides one with means of wellbeing, God is acknowledged to be the Supreme faith, nothing wavering, we can call perhaps important, yet incidental to the Ruler. This kingdom is, and has always

down to our rescue his mighty power. greater matters of the kingdom of God. been, in 'heaven.'It is now on Earth in

His call to us is as it has ever been, Jesus declared: "And ye shall know the Church and will be extended over

"Come unto me...."(Matt. 11:28. the truth, and the truth shall make the whole Earth during the Millennium,

Italics added.) you free."(John 8:32.) Did he mean and during its. glorified state. But in

In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. philosophy or the scientific theories this passage the Church especially seems

510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wwwTO aw WWWw*WMMWwvWwWWWwwWww,\\\\\WV >***.'vw.** WWWm!wiwbw

*""""*,* ""',"""?(v*>1*(,"w\w\u\\v\ -S--

ft**"*"M****

Essential Elements for the Best Face Brick

Precise electronic controls govern the making of will find just the face brick you want for the job you

Gladding, McBean Face Brick. First, accurately mixing have in mind. For Gladding, McBean Face Brick offers

the exact combination of superior clays that will make the greatest range of shapes, sizes, colors and textures the best brick. Next, precision pressing in steel dies. available, always competitively priced. Use it on your

Then firing. Each brick travels through a series of next job.

temperature zones in a tunnel kiln. Temperatures

increase, then decrease. Time and temperature areprecisely controlled to fuse the clays into face brick FACE BRICK

Gladding, McBean building product byuniform in internal structure and external color, Q AAG texture and dimensions. DUNBmmbb INIINTERNATIONALfERPACEPIPE & CERAMICS CORPORATION nothing to chance. Face brick made this We leave

FRANCISCO / SAN LAKE CITY / PHOENIX/ PORTLAND/ DENVER/ SEATTLE/ SACRAMENTO/ SAN DIEGOway always lays and looks the way it should, to assure LOSSPOKANEANGELES/ SALT jobs you can be proud of. And, at INTERPACE, you

JUNK 14 511 to be meant. The Prophet Joseph uses

the term in that sense, when he says, 'The Kingdom of heaven is like unto a mustard seed. Behold, then, is not this

the Kingdom of heaven that is raising its head in the last days in the majesty No guess cooking of its God, even the Church of the

Latterday Saints?'"(D&C Commentary, p. 57.)

President Brigham Young, discussing with GAS verse 11 of section 29 of the Doctrine and Covenants: "For I will reveal myself from heaven with power and great

glory, with all the hosts thereof, and dwell in righteousness with men on earth a thousand years, and the wicked shall not stand,"says:

asked be "It may the what by I mean of You can see Kingdom of God. Jesus Church The

Christ has been established now for the heat manyhas gotyears,to beand established,the Kingdomevenof Godthat

Kingdom which will circumscribe all the kingdoms of this world. It will yet

give laws to every nation that exists upon the Earth. This is the kingdom

You can get the exact heat you want. A thousand shades that Daniel, the Prophet, saw should

of heat—instantly on—instantly off. And thanks to "the bep. 147.)set up in the last days."(Ibid.,

burner with a brain"you can keep the temperature you choose The late President Joseph F. Smith,

steady and even—automatically. Just set it and forget it. No defining the kingdom of God, says:

burned pots—no ruined meals—no boil overs. "What I mean by the kingdom of

God is the organization of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, over which the Son of God presides, and not man. That is what I mean. I

is This beautiful meanthe Kingthe andkingdomnot man."of which(GospelChristDocFREE!—$62.50 value—installed anywhere you wish on your lot—with trine, p. 72.)

your purchase of a modern gas range from your appliance dealer. These great authorities make clear

and dear to us the nature of the king- ""Furnished and installed by Mountain Fuel in the area we serve. dom of God.

Now, what should God's children on earth expect to find in this kingdom to it as his kingdom with proper You deserve a. modern gas range. recognize

See your gas appliance dealer today authoritySince Jesusto act?has been chosen king to

rule and reign in the kingdom of God, we may do well to note the character

MOUNTAIN FU E L ofwhilethatdwellingkingdomhereestablishedamong men.by Havhim

SUPPLY COMPANY ing prepared the way by teaching prin- /\Zouao Gaa. Seat/cce,- ciples necessary to man's advancement

toward Godlikeness, accompanied by a few simple, yet necessary, ordinances, he effected an organization devoid of

FAMILY CRESTS - COAT OF ARMS pomp and pageantry, of appeal to passions, of images, idols, or prelates motiWHEAT MILL vated by selfish interests or desire for

ONLY thedisciples,plauditscalledof men.Apostles,He withchose himselftwelve

at the head. In officials time other due $695

set chosen, apart, given and auPOSTPAID were

ANYWHERE thority to act in the name of the Savior, >N THE in his kingdom. 4:1112.) (See Eph. STATES UNITED SHIELDS WALL his ministry, During indithe Savior

grinds or Cracks WATER PITCHERS that to Peter give leadership was corn wheat, and cated PARCHMENTS all kinds of hard in the after kingdom longer he no SHIELDS DOUBLE WALL grains, soft or SILICATE PLATES CHINA in personally be would their midst. lbs. min. per YVl ORDER

file, including have on 100,000 namesWe arBY MAIL Peter Christ was endowed by with all Irish practically formorials GUARANTEED also names. We

to authority power and act for in for orders Scottish English, andexecute Welsh and names and for other nationalities, SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS his name, which he did courageously

IMPERIAL SALES 964 Laird Ave. EM 3-4184 PEHRS0N HARDWARE Sail Lake City, Utah

2115 So. 11th East, Salt Lake City

312 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MR. FREDERICK DAVIS, Conductor of the famed SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

MORMON CHOIR, proudly seated at the Yamaha Grand Piano.

Director Davis is one more recognized musical authortural integrity have made it the choice of conservaity and artist who appreciates the superb qualities of tories and universities around the world, as well as an

Yamaha pianos. Certainly, his opinion is based on his approved purchase by Wards and Stakes throughout the

wide musical experience both within and without the Mormon community.

Mormon community. Certainly, a Yamaha upright or grand is an ideal

As with so many fine musicians, Mr. Davis'musical piano for the home, Ward cultural hall, chapel, junior

ear responds to Yamaha's superb tone, magnificent Sunday school, Relief Society rooms, and other church resonance, and clean, responsive action. Qualities that uses.

only exacting craftsmanship can build into a fine We are indeed proud that an artist of Mr. Davis'

musical instrument for the home or church. stature recognizes the superiority of the Yamaha piano,

That same craftsmanship is responsible for the reand equally proud when Mormon churches specify markable durability of the Yamaha piano. Its ability to the Yamaha quality piano for its performance and

retain perfect tune for extended periods and its strucdurability.

Since 1887 Write direct for free helpful literature and specifications:

1224 So. San Pedro St. Los Angeles 15, Calif, or 150 Fifth Ave., New York, New York YAMAHAINTERNATIONAL CORPORATION

JUNE 1964 513 THE

and effectively. This divine organizaJesus Christ of Latterday Saints is the

tion endured until the socalled "great kingdom of God on earth, we underapostasy"when the Lord found it stand that the function of one is also necessary to remove his Church from the function of the other, and that the earth. which is the power of one is also the NEW We may expect to find in the kingpower of the other.

dom of God today the same type of orPresident David O. McKay, discussWALL PAINT ganization that Christ established when ing the function of the Church or kingsaid: of God, with like dom men here among was from he

divine aumission officers possessing "The the same of the Church is to thority that those original officers reestablish the kingdom of God upon the ceived. With such an organization the earth, which, in the words of Thomas Bennett's! kingdom of God was surely destined Nixon Carver, 'is not a mythical but a

to prosper. The organization alone, real kingdom. It is a body of people

however, was the outward manifestadominated by ideals of productivity, tion of the kingdom. In the kingdom which is mutual service. We do not

of God there must always be found strive for the things which satisfy but the principles, doctrines, and ordinances for the moment and then leave a bad which belong to the kingdom estabtaste. We strive for the things which

lished by the Savior and which must build us up and enable us and our be fully accepted for citizenship therechildren to be strong, to flourish, and in. Without attempting to list all the to conquer. We strive to make ourprinciples, doctrines, and ordinances, selves worthy to receive the world by

"-CofauetSa COLORS IN PA'NT here1. Allare peoplea few byshouldway ofhaveillustration:an adefittingproductivelyourselvesthanto others.use the worldWe believemore

quate understanding of God and his that obedience to God means obediSon Jesus Christ, who stands at the ence to the laws of nature, which are head of his kingdom on earth. but the manifestations of his will; and

2. They must have faith in the actuwe try by painstaking study to acquire

ality of both God and Christ, as distinct the I'nost complete and exact knowledge RUBBER LATEX and separate individuals but united of that will, in order that we may conin purpose. form ourselves to it."(Gospel Ideals, WALL PAINT 3. They must recognize their own p. 102.)

status, that, having the right of choice And again, President McKay has said:

At last... a latex wall paint that in this finite life, they will err in "There are those in the world who

really cleans clean! Finger prints, judgment. To rectify such erring, it is say that jealousy, enmity, selfishness in

important everyone practise the princimen's hearts will always preclude the soil and smudges can be washed ple of repentance—that profound prinestablishing of the ideal society known

as of God. of the kingdom progression what No matter and the one which, away quickly and easily. You can ciple

say, doubters the mission fully and scoffers achieved, guarantees God's when wash your walls new, over and over forgiveness. of the Church of Jesus Christ is to

4. wickedness sin and from the Willingness to submit to the dieliminate again. And its rich, flat finish will

soso to transform and hearts of men, vine ordinance of baptism.

not polish or burnish... your walls 5. Seek the guidance and direction of ciety that peace and good will will

prevail earth."(Ibid., 103.) p. on this in order Ghost Holy that harmony stay beautiful! the

President speaking Young, will Brigham with God's purposes might and be established and preserved in the perupon the same subject, says:

sonal life of every soul. "As this Kingdom of God grows,

6. An ardent desire to love God and spreads, increases, and prospers in its

his Beloved Son with all one's heart course, it will cleanse, thoroughly Bennett's and soul and to love one's neighbor as purge, and purify the world from 65 West 1st South Salt Lake City one's self. wickedness....

is 7. the fully In divine Kingdom of "When authority bestowed God by

set established Branches and dealers throughout the intermountain area the of face the of up and on kingdom must find God one divinely authorized agents, otherwise, the earth, and takes the preeminence the kingdom is one of men, not of God. over all other nations and kingdoms, it

Stemming from these essentials are will protect the people in the enjoyment

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS other principles and ordinances, simple of all their rights, no matter what they

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple in application, yet divine, of unchangebelieve, what they profess, or what they able character, and everenduring. Unworship. If they wish to worship a god

sore throat and other minor mouth biased attention to and consideration of of their own workmanship, instead of and throat irritations. them will disclose convincing evidence the true and living God, all right, if

of their divine origin—their belonging they will mind their own business and

alone."to let other people of the kingdom God. (Discourse of

is HALL'S REMEDY 440.) p. Young, now, What, the function and Brigham

Salt Lake City. Utah power of that kingdom? The late President Joseph F. Smith,

The kingdom of God may not be refollowing in the same channel of garded as an end in itself. It is rather thought, remarked as follows:

PRICELESS HEIRLOOM PHOTOS a means in the hands of God and Christ "Our mission is to save, to preserve

COPIED AND RESTORED to help bring about "the immortality from evil, to exalt mankind, to bring

SNAPSHOTS $2.00 PORTRAITS $4.00 and eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.) light and truth into the world, to pre-

(Original Enlargement Photo returned un5x7harmed)Send old Photo for new negative and 1 Deluxe Since we testify that The Church of vail upon the people of the earth to Special Restoration prices on request:

WEEKES PHOTO COPY SERVICE 3400 South 3200 West Salt Lake City 19, Utah

Phone CY 8-3243 814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA One policy provides complete coverage, lower cost

When you insure with Farmers HomeOwners Package Policy you avoid dangerous gaps and costly overlaps in coverage. And FAST you save money because Farmers rates are generally lower to

begin with. You also save because all your protection is provided in one policy with one company. You are covered for fire,

wind and hail, the contents of your house and personal possesFAIR sions. You even have personal liability coverage. Your home

rM deserves the best protection and you get it with Farmers

Insurance Group. Call your Farmers Agent today about

Farmers outstanding HomeOwners Package Policy. FRIENDLY

FARMERS INSURANCE GROUP FAMOUS FOR LOW RATES, TOO!

JUNE 1964 S15 walk righteously before God, and to honor Him in their lives and with the firstfruits of all their substance and increase that their barns may be filled with plenty, and, figuratively speaking, that 'their presses may burst out with new wine."'(CR, April 1907, p. 118.)

On another occasion, with the kingdom of God in mind, he said:

"We carry to the world the olive: branch of peace. We present to the

of love the the of God, word 'i>rif''%/?: world

the Lord, as the it has Truth, been revealed in the latter day for the redemption of the dead and for the salvation of the living. We bear no

malice or evil towards the children of men. The spirit of forgiveness pervades the hearts of the Saints of God, IT and they do not cherish a desire or GET

feeling of revenge toward their enemies or those who hurt or molest them or seek to make them afraid; but, on the

contrary, the Spirit of the Lord has possession of their spirits, of their souls and of their thoughts; they forgive all

men, and they carry no malice in their

III hearts toward any, no matter what they have done "(GR, April 1902, p. 2.)

Examples of such messages could be multiplied many times, illustrating the function of God's kingdom in the earth.

Making authoritative and mighty, beyond the power of evil to hinder or frustrate, is the divine authority of the priesthood inherent in the kingdom. AMERICAN It is so organized as to induce unity

of purpose and when righteously used by those who possess it, guarantees the safety of the kingdom against all incursions of the adversary.

The presentday world is threatened by agencies of destruction. Darkness of

mind, hearts shaken by impulses of evil, error, of prevalence the "SAVE THE selfishness, is the right ignorance of that which AMERICAN Stwinqh c/bnMkan & WAY"wickedness,and the wrong,all thesecorruption,and more,sin, now,and & LOAN ASSOCIATION

1 Salt OFFICE: as Lake City South Main, historic past, constitute the 63 in the 1, Utah HOME

Dr., Salt Highland OFFICE: Lake City 6, Utah a/2% 21 86 HOUSE SUGAR society could means by which human

Street, OFFICE: Salt Lake Market Utah City 4, 3555 GRANGER itself. destroy not such come That may

Honolulu, Fort Street, Hawaii OFFICE: DIVISIONAL 915 HAWAII all to of pass is the ardent hope who

Honolulu, Hawaii OFFICE: - 12th Avenue, KAIMUKI

life. as of their seek righteousness way Hilo, Hawaii HILO OFFICE: Avenue, 120 1 Waianuenue142

KALIHI OFFICE: 1851 North King Street, Honolulu, Hawaii Their seeking will not be in vain if

they turn to "... the kingdom of God

and his righteousness..."(Matt. 6:33.)

Additional New Rooms Just Recently Completed thatfor a therealizationkingdomof representstheir aspirations.is opposedAll

to the destructive forces which I have enumerated. The righteous, we are

told, will inherit the earth. That condition will only be attained when the

kingdom of God, through its saving power will triumph over evil and

At the X J? wickedness. CENTER

OP CONVENIENCE Luxurious Comfort—The Way You Like It exaltationTruly everyoneare obligateddesiring salvationsincerely andto

SAVE SAVE Now at Low Rates! seek the kingdom of God and his

TIME TRAFFIC righteousness.

Christ in his time of mortal existence did not select the churches of the

STATE

M MAINST.ST 1 AND HOT SHOPPES W NOW 330 ATTRACTIVE ROOMS Pharisees or Sadducees nor the San-—hHJ—\ Main Street at 5th South Salt Lake City

516 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hottest Brand Going...

...anywhere!

When it comes to good things for your car, you just can't buy better petroleum products than Conoco... Hottest Brand Going anywhere.

YOU CAN COUNT ON CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND GOING

C 1964, Continental Oil Company

JUNE 1964 517 hedrin or any other contemporary boys and girls in all the world, a poem church or organization as a basis or by Edgar A. Guest in which he exframework to set up the kingdom of presses appreciation for a son. I think

it is of the best things he referred about one to suchGod on earth. He

starts saying: written. out by bodiesreligious deTHE BLESSING has with scathing He

for far so departed havingnunciation AND that a only dead form "We've never seen the Father here, butthe right wayof worship remained. (See Matt. 23.) RESPONSIBILITY we have known the Son,

is of finest distinctive type Christ's manhood since the The and church OF SONSHIP first institubegun. religiousapart world was manmade from

tions. In all ages his work has been And, summing up the works of God,

established by revelation and the openPresident David O. McKay I write with reverent pen,

ing of the heavens from which source The greatest is the Son He sent to cheer angels descended to instruct the proph- I thank Brother Brown for expressing the lives of men.

ets and to confer the keys and authority appreciation for those who have particiof priesthood unto leaders chosen pated and made memorable this "Through Him we learned the ways of of God. great conference. God and found the Father's love;

The restoration of his Church and I sat here looking at the number The Son it was who won us back to gospel in this last dispensation is no of men and boys who occupy the center Him who reigns above.

exception as thousands of faithful men of this Tabernacle audience. TwentyThe Lord did not come down himself

and women can and do testify. five or thirty years ago you were just to prove to men His worth,

Many thousands have testified that boys, anticipating serving the Church. He sought our worship through the

the kingdom of God, with its inclusion You are still just boys. The dearest Child He placed upon the earth.

of the laws and principles provided for thing in your life now is your boy. I

guidance of life towards salvation and hope that these young boys, who in "How can I best express my life?

exaltation, is that pearl of great price twenty years from now will be occupyWherein does greatness lie?

of which Jesus spoke in his story of the ing your seats, will give you the satisHow can I long remembrance win, since man who sold all his possessions to faction that you have given your fathers. I am born to die?

purchase it. I am overwhelmed with the thought Both fame and gold are selfish things;

This thought suggests the value of of the thousands, tens of thousands of their charms may quickly flee, the kingdom to every living soul. In it young men who were in this Tabernacle But I'm the father of a boy who came

is nothing to sadden, to lead astray, or on Saturday night, and the other halls to speak for me.

to degrade the children of men. Rather, on closedcircuit television and direct

therein is everything to gladden, to audio line, through the service made "In him lies all I hope to be; his splenguide aright, to uplift the lives of all possible by KSL and kindred means dor shall be mine;

who accept it. It provides for satisfacof communication. I shall have done man's greatest work

tions and joys of group and individual These young people from Brigham if only he is fine.

life alike. And that is the destined end Young University, occupying the seats If some day he shall help the world

of life, for a prophet of the Lord has in the choir and furnishing the music, long after I am dead, said, "... men are, that they might have have a great obligation upon them In all that men shall say of him my

joy."(2 Nephi 2:25.) Possessed of that that they may grow up as conscious praises shall be said.

joy furnished by observing the laws, of their responsibility of being sons and principles, and ordinances of the kingdaughters as you would have them "It matters not what I may win of dom, everyone belonging to it may realize that responsibility. We also had fleeting gold or fame,

experience, unhindered, an enlarge- a group of young people from Salt Lake My hope of joy depends alone on what ment of soul, a development which and Davis counties, appreciation for my boy shall claim.

will be its own evidence and witness whose attendance Brother Brown has My story must be told through him;

of life growing toward Godlikeness. Is already expressed. for him I work and plan,

this not a consummation devoutly to It is a great thing to be a father of Man's greatest duty is to be the father be wished? This surely must be the boys and girls. I think it is a precious of a man."value of God's kingdom in the lives of thing for our boys and girls to realize—"Thoughts of a Father"in The

all people. their responsibility, to carry their Path to Home by Edgar A. Guest

Brothers and sisters and friends, I father's name in love and honor. CarCopyright Reilly and Lee

bear humble witness that The Church lyle, I think it was, said: "In this world Boys in the Mormon Church, boys all

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is there is one Godlike virtue, the essence over the world, remember the obligaGod's kingdom on earth. It is here for of all that ever was or ever will be Godtions of sonship, the obligation to make

a purpose, and in this last dispensation like in this world—the veneration done your father and mother happy and

of time that purpose is a tremendous to human worth by the hearts of men."proud of you.

one. The obligation upon us as memNinety million people possibly have We have had a wonderful conferbers of the restored Church of Jesus in their hearts an appreciation of your ence, and it now draws to a close.

Christ is to see to it that this gospel attendance at this conference—three Let us take with us our appreciation

is preached to every nation, kindred, days of joy and satisfaction! of being a father, appreciation of being

tongue, and people, that they may be Let us go from this conference with a a mother. And boys and girls, go with

left without excuse in the day of judgprayer of appreciation that we have the responsibility that you have to bring ment. I bear you this witness in the sons who will take our places some day, comfort and gladness and thankfulness

name of Jesus Christ. Amen. as you have taken the position now to the hearts of your fathers and

that your father wished you would take. mothers.

* quoteI thinkto theseI cannotyoungdopeoplebetterherethanwhoto boysGodandblessgirlsyou,of fellowyesterday;workers,may youyou

have furnished us such inspirational set a proper example to the boys and music, to the thousands of others who girls of today, I pray in the name of were present Saturday, and to the young Jesus Christ. Amen.

51S THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ENJOY A FAMILY VACATION IN THE MOUNTAINS

AT B.Y.U.'S NEW ASPEN GROVE FAMILY CAMP

The B.Y.U. Alumni Association is proud to invite you and your family to enjoy the facilities of its new recreationeducation summer camps with other L.D.S. families. Aspen Grove is located eighteen miles from Provo, Utah,

high up the slopes of majestic Mt. Timpanogos. This new center is ideal for family vacations and is conveniently

priced so that as the of splendor enjoy as many families possible may the Wasatch as to many Mountains—known

this only the "Alps of America."is the knowledge, vacation area To our in the world where Latterday Saints

may share recreational and educational experiences together in an atmosphere of spiritual enrichment.

FAMILY CAMPING. Recreational facilities at the family camp include a

heated swimming pool (with free swimming instruction), a children's

L4n lilW tat -H,vtjLvWmHn Wk *4aB ballwadingdiamond,pool, badminton,spacious sunshuffleboard,deck, tennishorseshoes,courts, volleyballcookouts, courts,handicrafts,soft- a central lodge for quiet games such as checkers and chess, and a planned recreation program for those who wish it. Horses are available

nearby for hire. There is oportunity to relax for those who prefer

there's pleasurable activity nearly around the clock but no mandatory participation.

PROGRAMS FOR CHILDREN AND TEENS. Children's activities will be centered in the Kitten Korral, a fencedin area which will be supervised by

fulltime staff personnel. A fulltime staff member will also be responsible fr teen dances, contests, competitions, talent programs, whatand

other *5$ ever types of recreation programs will teenthe by be wanted i WlfflMf''W <8j|1 agers. ff

is Grove a complete family iHiiP &, "'*"&.Sw'camp,ACCOMMODATIONSfeaturing fiftyANDindividualMEALS. sleepingAspen cabins beds, with comfortable

mattresses, chairs and electric lights. Cabins will have double beds for

the parents, bunk beds for children, and a limited number of cribs.

The camp features a spacious dining hall and kitchen, from which delicious meals in bounteous portions to sustain even the most vigorous outof-door activity will be served "family style."

THE RATES. In order to keep expenses to a minimum, and at the same

time provide a full range of activities and excellent food, facilities will not be the deluxe accommodations of a large resort. Each cabin has

electricity, and the bathing and washing facilities are centrally located in each group of cabins.

,Information,. or reservations:. B.Y.U.v ALUMNI.luiii,! imimvHOUSE, 19(>4 rates, includingvacationcabins,programmealsare:and a complete

rrOVO,.,Utah Adults3 throughand12teenagers $43.5029.50 perper weekweek

Infants under 3 9.00 per week

rMM%Lamp.<-Opens JuneI.. M TJ1 J, *LmjmCloses AUgUStA. >* noZV (Deductfamily$3 forwhoeachwill personbe stayingover inthethenumbersame cabin)of six in a

JUNE 1864 519 ORGANISTS ATTENTION Prelude and Postlude Albums fore they approach the altar that marriage is a state of mutual service, a

Sacred and Secular #1 state of giving as well as of receiving,

Heaps 1.00 Editors Page and that each must give of himself or

Sacred and Secular #2 herself to the utmost.

life Heaps 1.00 (Continued from page 445) is Theimmorality.most vicious enemy to home

Meditations Piano evil, this Of Victor writes imHugo in hearts Pure a are always pure home 1.50 Heaps pressively: in distance whispering of heaven. Offertories, Preludes, holy "The of law Jesus Christ governs light In scripture, the of ancient and - 2.00 Postludes civilization; our it but does not yet are justified in modern concluding we

Preludes, Offertories, that Christ's ideal pertaining to marpermeate it; it is said that slavery has

Postludes 2.50 riage is the unbroken home, and condisappeared from European civilization.

Ashford's Piano Voluntaries 1.75 ditions that cause divorce are violations That is a mistake. It still exists; but it

Amateur Organ 2.50 of his divine teaching. preys now only upon woman, and it is

One Page Voluntaries 1.75 Some of those conditions I name as called prostitution."

Organ Album of the unfaithfulness on the part of either the This corroding evil is just as demoralizing to as to men In women. wife, or The husband or 1.25 Church both—habitual of Church Jesus Christ of Latterday drunkenness, physical violence, long 1.00 Echoes Chapel

is Saints there no double standard of that imprisonment disgraces the wife Offertories, Preludes, morality. The young should apman family, the and of union innocent an Postludes 85 the proach altar marriage fit just as girl for to a reprobate. In these perand

Chapel Musings 1.00 haps other cases there may be circumfatherhood as his sweetheart is worthy

Music sent on approval stances which make the continuance of of motherhood.

For All Your Musical Needs Write the marriage state a greater evil than Chastity, not indulgence during the divorce. But these are extreme cases premarital years, is the source of harthey are the mistakes, the calamities in mony and happiness in the home, and

the realm of marriage. If we could the chief contributing factor to the

remove them, I would say there never health and perpetuity of the race.

should be a divorce. It is Christ's ideal Loyalty, dependability, confidence, trust,

that home and marriage should be perlove of God, and fidelity to man are associated Music Co this with in diadem the petual—eternal. 2009 Box of crown virtuous womanhood Marriage and is a sacred relationship enBroadway 327 virile manhood. of the word Lord The tered into for purposes that are well

is: his Church yourself "Keep unfor the rearing of to Idaho Falls, Idaho recognized—primarily spotted sin from the of the world."a family,

I know of no other place where (See James 1:27; D&C 59:9.)

happiness abides more securely than in The foundation of a noble character

Are you going to Europe? thea bithome.of heaven.It is possibleIndeed,to makeI picturehome isof integrity.a nation, asByofthisan virtueindividual,the strengthmay be

heaven as a continuation of the ideal judged. No nation will become great

Have you a Missionary home. Some man has said: "Home whose trusted officers will pass legisfilled with contentment is one of the lation for personal gain, who will take

Returning Home? highest hopes of this life."advantage of public office for personal

An everdecreasing birthrate, and an preferment, or to gratify vain ambition, increasing divorce rate are ominous or who will, through forgery, chicanery,

PLAN A MERCEDESBENZ signs threatening the stability of the and fraud, rob the government, or be home and the perpetuity of any nation. false in office to a public trust.

HOLIDAY THIS YEAR In order to lessen the breakingup of Honesty, sincerity of purpose, must be homes, we should substitute the present dominant traits of character in leaders tendency toward a low view of marriage of a nation that would be truly great.

Place your order with us by the lofty view which Jesus Christ "I hope,"said George Washington, for a MercedesBenz at agivessacredit. obligationLet us lookandupona covenantmarriagethatas ness"that enoughI may everto maintainhave virtuewhatandI firmcon-

Low European Prices is eternal or that may be made eternal. sider to be the most enviable of all

Young people of both sexes should be titles—the character of an honest man."

taught the responsibilities and ideals It was Washington's character more

Take delivery in Europe and of marriage so that they may realize than his brilliancy of intellect that made enjoy a vacation in your that marriage involves obligation and is him the choice of all as their natural not an arrangement to be terminated leader when the thirteen original own car at pleasure. They should be taught that colonies decided to sever their connecpure love between the sexes is one of tion with the mother country. As one in

the noblest things on earth and the eulogy to the father of our country. Bring it back home where bearing and rearing of children the truly said: "When he appeared among

our service department will highest of all human duties. In this the eloquent orators, the ingenious

give it expert care regard,an exampleit is inthethedutyhomeof parentsthat childrento set thinkers,Revolution,thehisvehementmodesty patriotsand temperateof the may see and absorb the sacredness of profession could not conceal his superifamily life and the responsibility assoority; he at once, by the very nature

ciated therewith. of his character, was felt to be their

Ken Garff Imports The number of broken marriages can leader."

525 So. State St. DA 8-8541 be reduced if couples realize even beLet us in The Church of Jesus Christ

Salt Lake City, Utah

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA where do you go to get the best tires

and the best buy and the best guarantee

AMERICAN OIL COMPANY

f-"S

(SS:K INK ABtm: * t-iCi VALID UNlfcSS SitM'f Sir CllS'i SMS*;

4-51 23H 5bl 8 JOHN DOE 1234 MAIN ST ANYWHERE USA

and no dash needed and very fast service? Ask me. Just ask.

Your American Oil Dealer AMERICAN OIL COMPANY

JUNE 1964 521 FILMS of Latterday Saints, as citizens of this Sail on, O Union, strong and great!

beloved land, use our influence to see Humanity with all its fears, that charand years, future all the men hopes of women of upright WithAND PRINTED per roil acter, of are honor, unimpeachable fate!"breathless Is hanging thy on

For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B A W Roll elected to office; that our homes are

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll kept unpolluted and unbroken by inMay members of the Church of Jesus

trained to keep the of peoples the commandments of the earth, ever rememLord, honest, true, chaste, COLOR FILM thefidelity; that children therein will be Christ, preaching the restored gospel to to be injunction: are the Savior's the ber "Ye

benevolent, and virtuous, and to do light of the world.... DEVELOPING good to all men. (See Thirteenth Article "Let your light so shine before men,

KODACOLOR of Faith.) that they may see your good works, and

8-Exposure Roll * per Cherishing such ideals, we can with glorify your Father which is in heaven."

Dev. ond Printing $2.55 roll all our hearts say with the poet Long- (Matt. 5:14, 16.) That we may sense

Roll 12Exposure per responsibility, this pray in the I humbly Dev. Printing roll fellow: and $3.00. Amen. of Jesus Christ. name "Thou, too, sail on, O Ship of State Color Reprints 20c each

COLOR SLIDES 135 mm Color Slid es per 20 exp., Dev. and Mount $1.35 roll

135 mm Color Slid es per 36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll

Color Movie per 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 ror THE HIGH PRIVILEGE OF

PARENTS...GENEALOGY PHOTOS

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD PHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS

of NEGATIVE, 4c each Send coin only - no C.O.D.'s RICHARD L. EVANS

MoneyBack Guarantee With all the influences that originate outside the home, among the most

attitudes principles teaching, basic and technical and the but home—not LABUtahSAMSP. O. Box 1 11 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City, important matters we could consider is the teaching of children within decisions, both and in their standards sound now make by which they may

later lives. They are exposed to so much of counter influence, so much

- of evil; they learn so much of the best and the worst of life from so manyBREADMIXER - of worldliness, distorted comparisons, false standards, and the glossing over

makes a bread batch for 1 to 4 sources that parents, families must early try to give them the foundations loaves $12.95 postpaid to you. respectfor choosingfor law,righteousnesskeeping the andcommandments,the benefits andand ablessingsdeep senseof oflivinglove withand

loyalty. These are contagious. They come—or are caught—by example,

and they should be so early and so firmly fixed that neither honor nor peace nor a quiet conscience would ever be traded for a passing thrill, for a moment of pleasure, or for some cheap sensation. Here and hereafter life is all we have, and we must early teach our children to be what

they ought to be, to do what they ought to do, no matter where they are—

or where we are—for we cannot always be with them or watch them. But

they should know that there is a record that is kept continually—indeed

eternally—and there is a watchful eye over them—over all of us—always.

12 quart capacity... stainless steel mixThis awareness should come early into their consciousness by the example

pail.. lifetime tindippeding rod all particularly, others, of parents teachers have from and too, and who

12"lid... siie x. 14".. of x 12"with aluminum.

is influence. others first great gift any "The can bestow a good on we

... included recipes bread "old time"FREE

with each mixer... "Special"quantity example,"1 said Sir Charles Morell. "Is the child seeing honest, true living

prices to church groups! in those about it?"asked Barnetta Brown. "Or is it hemmed in by pre-

.. lives their... living so firm, the parents. Are and

strong that the children needs [and reverenceC&vmcL WHEAT MILL tensefine, andand fair,shams?and must

for use by UNIVERSAL live respect] lives so children sweet, pure them? our... to and among

nuts, corn, with wheat,... honest,... so evil unafraid, true.. that so wholesome and and wrong etc. Easily for adjusts

.."2 fall privilege is the them. high of parents. from sacred duty and. away grinding. fine or coarse

This is a demanding discipline but surely not too much to ask of those $6.95 to whom God has given the most sacred trust on earth. Who shall choose

Postpaid to you well, who shall learn to live as he should live, if he has a bad example "Special"quantity to follow?

prices to church groups! Send orders ] Sir Charles Morell divine. English (173665),

to: -Barnetta Brown, "Mothers'Mistakes and Fathers'Failures,"The Ladies'Home Journal, January 1900.

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System, March 22, 1964. Copyright 1964.

SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO.

99 N. Main SMITHFIELD, UTAH

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW AMERICAN TEMPERANCE PLAN '100PAYS WEEKLY.

even for life to Nondrinkers and Nonsmokers!

At last—a new kind of hospitalization plan for you thousands who realize drinking and

smoking are evil. Rates are fantastically low because "poor risk"drinkers and smokers

are excluded. Since your health is superior there is no age limit, no physical examination,

no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy. No salesman will ever call. Starting

the first day you enter any hospital, you will be paid $14.28 a day.

You do not smoke or drink sickness, hospitalization caused by use of DO THIS TODAY!

else narcotics. everything liquor or On Fill right application below mail out and for so pay premiums why fully amazingly low you're protected—at will policy approval, away. your be Upon those do? who rates! mailed. at begins promptly Coverage noon see in newspaperEvery day you your effective of policy. date deDon't on your for 3. loss benefits that drinking evidence smoking and Othermore lay. people almost enter Every day 50,000

life. of America's one They'reshorten now of 90 accident within days hospitals. get now. protection your So causeleading prime health problems—a policy). in (as described $2000 pay We hospitalirates theof high most premium death. accidental cash for $2000 cash Or

policies charge.zation foot, of sight or of loss for one hand, one MONEYBACK GUARANTEE

carefully. policy minoveryour your Ask are based Our rates it. ister, doctor lawyer sure and Be on your eyes,one eye.bothOrhands,$6000orcashbothforfeet.loss of both itRead provides exactly Then, what say toweexamine health, superior

all satisat not reason if for are any you it 100%does.

nondrinker nonsmoker.as and The a to just policy mail back us within your invite close 30 comparison We fied,days immediately and enwe will refund your HospitalizaAmerican Temperancenew plan. other with any questions asked. tire premium. can You No offertion unbelievably Plan low can you

. dollars thousands risk nothing...you of is like ours. other Actually, no But comgain drinkersrates accept because do not we save. rates. pare See you what Also, rates. high smokers, causeand who

your premiums can never be raised behave older or growcause you too many TEAR JIPSLII-JJS?.-!- rateclaims. adjustment a general Only

up or down could affect your low rates. Application to Pioneer Life Insurance Company, Rockford, Illinois

And only you can cancel your policy. We FOR AT300cannot.

READ YOUR AMERICAN AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS Name (PLEASE PRINT), 1. You receive $100 cash weekly—StreetCity or RD #..Zone..County. State TAX FREEeven for life, Age Date of Birth

from the first day you enter a hospital. Month Day Year

Good in any hospital in the world. We pay Occu pation.Height Weight

in addition to any other insurance you Beneficiary.Relationship.

carry. We send you our payments Air I also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

Mail Special Delivery so you have cash NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY on hand fast. No limit on number of times L

you collect. 2.

2. We cover all accidents and 3.

sicknesses, except war or milipregnancy, any act of accidents preexistingtary service, or Toandthefreebestfromof anyyourphysicalknowledgeimpairment,and belief,or disease?are you andYesallQmembersNop listed above in good health

To the best of your knowledge, have you or any member above listed had medical advice or

IMPORTANT: Check table below and inclvde yoer first treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years?

so, give details please No stating person affected, cause, date, name and addresspremium with application. Yes

fully recovered. physician,D M of attending and whether

LOOK AT THESE AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES Pay Monthly Pay Yearly Each child 18 under and pays $2*0 $28 forNeithera policyI norbasedany personon the listedunderstandingabove usesthattobaccothe policyor alcoholicdoes notbeverages,cover conditionsand I herebyoriginatingapply prior to its effective date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the adult Each written answers to the above questions.

1964 pays $380 $38 Date: Signed:X,

Each adult 65100 pays $590 *59 ATIATMail this application with your first premium to 872

SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM BY PAYING YEARLY! AMERICAN TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES, Inc., Box 131, Libertyville, Illinois

JUNE 1964 523 I LOVE A LARK SONG, TOO DIRECT SHOPPER

BY MABEL LAW ATKINSON

BUG KILLER WORKS He was my problem boy: I had been told

his vice. severity against use 365 DAYS A YEAR To that of teaching, Yet once or twice first week

SPECIAL A wonder filled his eyes. Before the old

$1.95 Defiance gleamed, I saw beneath his bold

ea. ppd. Contemptdefense a thrushflute melt the ice

Scientifically engiAbout his heart; a timid colt entice

neered to keep His tenderness... The day I saw him hold

home or office A wounded lark that could not soar the skies free year bug Just plug And bind its broken wing and soothe its fear 'round.

it in. Guaranteed Then softly say, "Sing, little lark!"I knew

to kill flies, mosquitoes, ants, roaches, And loved my problem lad. Then as his eyes

moths, fleas, flying vermin, wasps, etc. No Pleaded his hungering, I drew him near

serves unit odor, One no effort. sprays, no conAnd gently said, "I love a lark song, too."to Insect have does not home. average

tact unit. To be sure order today. Guaranteed. Send cash, check or M. O. to:

MARGO LTD.,

Dept. A, P. O. Box 2264,

CULVER CITY, CALIF. I THE AGAINST THE MYSTERY OF SPOKEN

... WORD a DEATH

RICHARD L. EVANS

We come again to the most urgent questions of life: What is man? Where

did he come from? Why is he here? Where does he go? What is the

meaning, the purpose, of life? What is the assurance of everlasting life?

In searching deeply for the answers, we would cite some lines of certainty and assurance on the reality of the resurrection: "Against the... mystery

.. spirit this this victory of the Christ, risen glory of the. death—comes

this immortality, of not disclosure as a the the body,PERSONALIZED 3 PC. SET... ofover weakness of

they have clean lick when the plattersThey'll lives their live fact. vision as a Hosts of would but and women men

bowl. cup, plate and personalizedtheir own if fair country there in all purity they honor... [even] was no and knew each on with child's name decoratedHand

piece. Fired for lasting beauty. Send us the beyond the gates of death; many men and women are living in heroic

exact name (please print) and indicate Dutch constancy and patience without that [assurance].... But if that hope

Boy or Girl. Gift Card included. $5.00. Add 25c were to die out of society, the light would go out of the world,... the

for postage and handling. Thank you! mystery of life would degenerate into a meaningless tragedy. The...

spirit rising grave, over death, of the the out triumph of one of one man MRS. NORTON

..."1 life, all of the world a a sepulcher. changed and home instead made P. O. Box 292 has

Salt Lake City, Utah Our eternal continuance is assured, but "the modern world is full of unhappiness because it is full of unbelief.... To be happy in such an age

as this is the first duty of every man who believes in God and his care for his children; for happiness is the state of those who know that, while

... there is never- $50 to all kinds of pain and sorrow may meet them on the way

theless a divine purpose being worked out.... Men need the joy and

let faith; their of counsel renewal with... of a great freedom them take $500 CASH!

..... of instead. despair the of those with noblest aspirations read who L.FOR YOUR CHURCH

SCHOOL CLUB [life's] mysteries without the light of the Resurrection; let them rest not

in the guidance of their fellows, blind and baffled like themselves..."2

SEND NO MONEY! but in Him who showed the way and who gave us the assurance that life

every $50.00 10 time members of CASH your is purposeful and everlasting. Thank God for the reality of the resurrecsell KitchenFresh of 10 cans group Choceach

can. per 00 olettes at or Coconettes SI. tion, for that the loved literal personal us in awareness ones. await and

cost onelb. size canisters The PROFIT! 100%

life. this limits reality "I liveth."3 of the beyond redeemer for $1.00! only know 50c that my each—sell

lc! 100 Order EVEN INVESTMENT!group NOT yourNO

Editorial: Outlook, Easter April Meditation, 1The 1905. 22, An to to send 30 days today. cans 500 to Take up

payment. Give your name, title, phone number -Ibid.: The Aftermath, April 22, 1906.

and complete address, the name, address, etc. 3Job 19:25.

of 2nd officer, name of group, quantity of each desired, and nearest post). Extras sent FREEFreightto coverOfficeshipping(no parcelcost "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

east of Rockies. OFFER OPEN TO GROUPS Broadcasting System, March 29, 1964. Copyright 1964.

ONLY! WRITE TODAY!

i VERNE COLLIER, Dept. IE-8

900 N. 19th St., Birmingham 3, Ala. J

524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA To Live with Heroes

( Continued from page 453 COLOR FILM DEVELOPING

KODACOLOR 8-exp. roll—dev. & printing $2.55 per roll

roll 12exp. roll—dev. per & printing $3.00 EXCITING, NEW MOVIE COLOR

25'roll $1.35 8mm MEMOII Suggestions for Readers MAnsco

SLIDES Mounted COLOR 135mm 20 exp 1.35

in 135 a pencil with mm. 36 exp 2.40 1. Read your COMPACT... fits shirt pocket or 1.35 20 of thehand. the pages books Mark purse. 6201

1.00 127you read (if the books are your own AUTOMATIC...electric eye for outdoors 126 1.35 1.00

personal property). Make comments... motorized film advance 828 1.00

in the margins of the book. Write...flash calculator. No C.O.D.'s

down your reaction to parts of the ECONOMICAL...twice as many pictures EQUIPMENT RENTALS

roll PROJECTORS per 16mm on standard this If is done,book. your retenFILMSTRIP 35mmfilra. PROJECTORS AND

tion will greatly increased. be r.—i SLIDEFILMSTRIP & RECORD PROJECTORS wrist strap Complete with

2. Talk over what you read with and case. Only $55.17 PROJECTION SCREENS

someone else. Try the author's

productions labs. and photochrome AUDIOVISUAL ifideas see a friend on and they 31DESERET South 3rd 3223962

Filmstrip Production will also sense. East, SaltLakeVisualCity,AidsUtah This - Film Processing,Phone - Rental Equipment enablemake Color, 16 (areamm codeB & W801)

you to judge whether or not you have understood what the author was trying to say.

3. Read several books at a time. START BY IMPROVING

Read a biography, the scriptures, a YOURSELF AND YOUR novel, and a philosophical work. HOME WITH A

When you find your interest waning in one, turn to another. You will HOME STUDY COURSE

find that more books can be read this way with greater interest.

something each day. 4. Read The will Please sendmore you read the more you

want to read. If you make this a Free

practice, you will find yourself reading more and watching less tele- 'PUT THE HOME IN ORDER AND THE NATION HOME STUDY vision. In fact, after a time you will WILL TAKE CARE OF ITSELF."

find something missing from your -AUTHOR UNKNOWN Catalog to...

day if you fail to read. NAME

5. Try to learn something about ADDRESS

the author before you read the book.

Books are more interesting if you feel a companionship with the author. CITY

6. Try to find out why the book STATE

its historical written setting. andwas

is of Revelation the bookEven more HOME STUDY, BrighamProvo, UtahYoung University, comprehensible if read in its historical setting.

7. Read something fairly often

that seems to be beyond your comprehension. If you do this, you \t n

will find that you are progressingintellectually. BURNED OUT

Read and love to read. In the REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

words of Horace, "Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise."The four A fire may mean you are out of a place to live,

corners of friendship suggested by with tremendous added expense before you find someone relate to reading as well: another.

at night a withlie down book in Let us explain your need for ample insurance scriptures; the hand;your swear by

drink in all of the knowledge you to cover today's higher values.

can; and steal some time each day

for reading. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

JUNE 1964 525 The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints orncc or the first presidency Salt Lake City II, Utah

April 1, 1964

TO PRESIDENTS OF STAKES, BISHOPS OF WARDS

AND PRESIDENTS OF MISSIONS

Dear urecnreniBrethren!

Twelve h*3 ''fMCfftf the of and Quorum Presidency

Prie.rhood. *elchielc the of of the restoration i on June; 5 2I ThehrCouncilthe 19Mof coremorathe Firstt

*bers by be,Wen tUTall* * Bugged?"l, l Vt fsuJs the ale, followof a p.,MU,line*:.ard or branch tbe varies Of "or fUliSi. fJCy

vh\ch through line the and Priesthood, of my origin 1. Father - "The of restoration the recount should (He me."to came it of authority, line his give and Priesthood Melchizedek the Priesthood his whom through men the of briefly telling

came. m 2. Mother. "The blessings that have come to our family through

husband's Priesthood."

m, a prisOPriest) - "Why"? 1L look forward to receiving the 3. Son (preferablyc

Priesthood. Melchizedek

means to me and why 1shouid 4. Daughter -hatnuw-t mvmytherfather'sPriesthood &

Priesthood."

Appropriate songs,* prayers,nravers etc.,etc, should also be provided to complete a worship

service worthy of the occasion.

T* *****—C "

t\ece TV—Jnd

tVe. "SVxa*- -?-ce.aS.4.e-c\R.

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PRIESTHOOD AND THE HOME

Over the years we have associated the Melchizedek

Priesthood with the work of the quorums of the

Church. Those who hold the Melchizedek Priesthood belong to one of its several quorums. A man

works in or presides over organizations in the

Church by the authority vested in the fact that he possesses this priesthood.

The importance of the priesthood presidency of a man over his family should not be forgotten. The

father is the trainer of his children in their relationship to the Father of us all; his wife aids and abets MEMBERSHIPS AND TRANSFERS

his efforts. If there is a failure, the sin lies upon

the heads of the parents—unless it can be shown Residence Determines Membership: Every person shall

that the failure to teach is not theirs. be a member of record of the ward or branch in which

Training in priesthood activity begins in the his residence is located. Every effort should be made to

home. If a man in his youth has been handled convert church members to this policy so they will

by his parents "by persuasion, by longsuffering, by affiliate themselves with the proper ward in all church gentleness and meekness, and by love unfeigned;"activities. Exceptions can be made only by approval of

further, if it be also "By kindness, and pure knowlthe First Presidency.

edge,... Reproving betimes with sharpness when An exception to the rule may be made for groups of

moved upon by the Holy Ghost (having made members belonging to other nationalities when approved certain at the time that anger is not mistaken for by the First Presidency. As an example: in the Salt Lake

the Holy Ghost)..."(D&C 121:4143) and if Viewarea aStake.SpanishspeakingSpanish-speakingward membersis a unit inof anythe wardTempleor

increased love is afterward shown that the child stake in the area are permitted to remain in the ward in may not esteem his father or mother as his enemy, which they live or become members of the language group.

he is fortunate indeed. The Holy Ghost can beOnly Members of Record to Serve as Officers: No percome his constant companion in such a situation son should be appointed to any position in a stake, ward,

and certainly will. or branch unless he has been received as a member, withChildren should be taught the principles of presiout prior approval from the First Presidency in each case.

dency in the priesthood. Perhaps, if we teach This instruction is mandatory, except that students

children to honor, sustain, and support the bishop, temporarily away from home, church members tempowe might also teach them to have the same feelings rarily employed in other areas, and members of the and responses to the president of their home. armed services temporarily stationed in a ward may so

It follows that the principles here stated work serve after letters of recommendation have been received equally well in reverse. Children should want to from their bishops or branch presidents certifying to their

honor their parents, to obey them, to cooperate church membership and worthiness or from presentation with them. Their ideal should not be "teach me of their fellowship card.

if you can,"but rather "I want to learn, and I turn Members Moving into or out of Ward: Home teachers

to my parents for guidance."should report all necessary data to the bishop on all

The thundering on Sinai had hardly died away church members and families that move into or out of before Moses told the Israelites the law to be foltheir districts. Members moving into a ward should be

lowed. Prominent in the list of commandments was encouraged to introduce themselves immediately to the

one which starts out "Honour thy father and thy ward bishopric. Home teachers, however, should be

mother"(Exodus 20:12), and promised long life if alert constantly to note new families moving into the

ward and make contact with them.

they did. But even though this is a responsibility

on the children, it is still the obligation of the parThey should be visited and made welcome by the ents to teach it and then to maintain their own bishopric or someone appointed by them.

lives on a plane that will call its fulfilment forth because of their own standards.

JUNE!964 527

but to his family, church, and school, he stared at me a moment, a look of defiance on his face; then,

without saying a word, walked to the door, where he turned, shrugged his shoulders, and in a voice hard and unyielding shouted, "I couldn't care less."

This isn't an isolated instance, but one that happens far too often in one form or another. And

sometimes it involves boys and young men who are members of Aaronic Priesthood quorums.

Such acts, if continued, can bring you only unhappiness, sorrow, and regret. They reflect not only

upon you but also upon your family and upon all those who love you.

It has been said that the welcome man, the one who succeeds in delivering the goods, is he who develops most his capacity to care, one of the gifts you possess.

Capacity to care about what? About many things,

some of which may at the time seem relatively unimportant. I invite you to think seriously about some

of these. 1. Your capacity to care about the name you bear.

Early in my life an older friend sent me a newspaper Next to life itself, the greatest gift you possess is the clipping with a message which has always been a name given to you by your parents—a name honored

great help to me, especially when times got rough, because its bearers, in many instances, had the courwhich they did quite often when I was your age. age to accept a new religion, although it often meant

Parts of the message provide an excellent setting for disinheritance, persecution, and hardship; a name

what I want to say in this column to the young men known for honesty, decency, and honor; a name whose

of the Church. It was written by Walt Mason, a bearers planned and built towns, cities, roads, bridges,

wellknown columnist of his day. He called his schools, and churches; a name whose bearers have

story "The Welcome Man": held positions of responsibility and trust in business,

"There's a man in the world who is never turned industry, church, and community. The name you bear

down, wherever he chances to stray; he gets the glad is part of your inheritance. Care about it. Protect

hand in the populous town, or out where the farmers it. Add to it increased nobility, dignity, and honor.

make hay; he's greeted with pleasure on deserts of 2. Your capacity to care about the priesthood

sand, and deep in the aisles of the woods; wherever which you hold. It is almost impossible to comprehe goes there's the welcoming hand—he's The Man hend the blessings which await the man who honors

Who Delivers the Goods.... and magnifies his priesthood. By and through it, you

"One man is afraid that he'll labor too hard—the can administer and pass the holy Sacrament of our

world isn't yearning for such; and one man is always Lord; you can administer to the sick; you can receive

alert, on his guard, lest he put in a minute too much; your endowments in the temples of the Most High.

and one has a grouch or a temper that's bad, and one By its authority you may be married for time and is a creature of moods; so it's hey for the joyous and eternity. You also can do vicarious work for your

rollicking lad—for The One Who Delivers the Goods."kindred dead. By it you are called to preach the gosRecently, someone made the statement that too pel of repentance to all men. Only through the priestmany of our young people today are developing what hood can you be called to serve in the organizations

he called "the great American shrug"—a hunch of of the Church. You willing, it will bless and guide

the shoulders indicating that they feel little responsiyou in your home and in your health and in helping bility for their own acts. "After all,"said one, "why you to make all important decisions. "All the acts

should I worry?"This attitude is illustrated in an we perform,"said President Brigham Young, "should

experience I had not long ago when it became my be governed by the guidance of the priesthood."

responsibility to talk to a young man who had stolen (JD 7,66.)

an automobile. He explained that he wanted to join 3. Your capacity to care about the creation of

a certain gang, but first he had to prove that he could other men's hands and brains. Everything you enjoy

steal a car, drive it without a license a certain number that makes life good and pleasant for you was once of miles, and then return it without being caught. As an idea or a dream in the mind of someone who

I tried to explain to him the reason why doing such a then set in motion the necessary forces to make it a thing was wrong and also what it did, not only to him, reality. Whenever you are tempted to mutilate or

528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA instruments out on a bargain counter where everyone could handle and maul them about? These things THE of great worth are always kept where they have the

PRESIDING protectionsomeone whoof locationknows theirand worth.the constantHow attentionmuch moreof

BY HARVEY L. valuable and precious than any of these are you—

TAYLOR. BISHOPRIC'S child of God, created in his image, blessed and given

ACTING CHANCELLOR, dominion over all the earth and every living thing

UNIFIED CHURCH thereon. If you develop this capacity to care you PAGE

SCHOOL SYSTEM will reap all the benefits promised by obeying the

Word of Wisdom and by keeping the moral law. You

will avoid vulgar language, obscene pictures, and "IF I indecency in all its forms as you would a plague.

You will refuse to lie, cheat, or steal. You will do

nothing that is cheap or common because doing such WERE things puts you on the bargain counter. Said young 99

Sir Galahad, "I have the strength of ten because my YOU heart is pure."

ADVICE TO YOUNG MEN 5. Your capacity to care about being teachable. To

"know it all"is a sign of great weakness which closes the door to new exploration, new research, new ideas,

In his position as acting chancellor of the Unified Church and new hope. Try to care enough so that you will

is about concerned L. System, TaylorSchool Harvey the read, listen, and observe. Care enough to suspend students, spiritual over 131,000educational welfare and of

109,000 of them in seminaries and institutes across the judgment until you are acquainted with both sides of nation. schools supervises high in Mexico grade and He

in City, an issue. Listen and follow the counsel given by College US,and the Salt Lake LDS Business

Ricks College, and Brigham Young University. your parents and teachers. Remind yourself often

career. In Arizona, Taylor's has been Elder Education that the great men of all ages have been teachable.

superinCollegehe and Gila Junior of. was president

tendent of Mesa Union High School and the Mesa Public In ancient times, Abraham, Moses, and Noah were

Schools. He served as vice president of Brigham Young taught by God. They listened. The results are well

school chancellorUniversity church and vice of the system known. In our time Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, 1961*. his present position inbefore January, assuming

A graduate of the University of Utah, he received the David O. McKay, and every other President of the

University degree has done and Columbia fromMA graduChurch have been taught by God. They too listened. Greeley, at Colorado, University and Stanfordate work

Teachers College. He received an honorary doctorate from Thus, behold "The Mormon Miracle."

Arizona State University. 6. Your capacity to care about keeping the chanIn the Church, Elder Taylor has served more than thirty

years in the Sunday School as a teacher and as a ward nels open between yourself and your Heavenly and stake superintendent. He also has been an MIA Father. It is good to be on the Lord's side. It is good

teacher, stake superintendent. served on and ward He has to know that you can call on him for help and councils, priesthood classes, high taughttwo been on stake

education boards, and is a popular speaker in young peocomfort in time of need. It is good to have the assurple's groups. church

is married to Lucelle Rhees Taylor, and they have ance that you can go to him with your doubts, He four children and twelve grandchildren. questions, and problems. The more capacity you

have to care, the closer you will draw to this great

Comforter—the source of strength and power. For in

his great Sermon on the Mount, did he not say, "Ye destroy anything—a book, a car, a road sign, a buildare the salt of the earth,"and the "light of the world"?

ing, a piece of furniture, equipment, or apparatus of (Matt. 5:1314.)

any kind—try to remember the words of the great These are only a few of the areas wherein I counsel

scientist, Albert Einstein, words which I urge you you to develop your capacity to care. There are

to commit to memory: many more. Sometime, find a quiet corner where you

"A hundred times every day I remind myself that can be alone for several hours. Don't wait too long.

my inner and outer life are based on the labors of Then write down every way in which you think you other men, living and dead, and that I must exert can increase your capacity to care. After you have done

myself in order to give in the same measure as I this, begin your own campaign to build for yourself a have received and am still receiving."(From Ideas life patterned after the words of the Master wherein

and Opinions.) he said:

4. Your capacity to care about staying off the bar- "(Seek) diligently the kingdom of heaven and its

gain counter. Did you ever find an expensive watch, righteousness and all things necessary shall be added

a diamond, a pearl, fine fabrics, or delicate precision thereunto."(D&C 106:3.)

JUNE 1964 529 TODAY'S FAMILY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

ometk m cWld...

(Something

A greatgrandmother leaning over a bassinet fondly new"; there is strength in both. A new house gains

gazing at the newest addition to the family; a grandgrace and dignity when an old tree spreads its

father walking around the zoo with a fiveyear-old branches over the eaves. The gaudiness is taken

grandson; a Rembrandt next to a Mondrian all add out of a new room with a piece of old pewter on the

up to the saying, "Something old, something new."A mantle or a hundredyear-old chest against a wall.

June bride looking like a picture in her new wedding Even colors that have faded give balance to bright, gown but proudly wearing her greataunt's pearls, a singing hues. The old and the new need each other.

child asking for more stories about mother when she So it is in cooking. Too much "instant this,"and

was a little girl, an unusual piece of embroidery taken "frozen that"becomes tiresome on the dinner table.

from a petticoat of the 1890 variety and appliqued There is a depth of flavoring that the old herbs and on today's cashmere sweater all prove that yesterday the longtime cooking can give to a dish. But few

and today are one. of us would want to raise our own wheat, harvest it,

A thing doesn't have to be old to be good, but on grind it, make it into bread, and then bake it in an old the other hand, a shining new something isn't always oven hung over an open fire. Let's make bread today

best. There should be a wedding of the old and the but do it the modern way using extra special flour,

new. Often one depends on the other. To learn prepared yeast, powdered milk, sweet cream butter,

from experience is blending the old with the new. It and baking it in a scientifically heated oven at conis important that we learn from the mistakes of others trolled temperature. It may be grandmother's recipe

as well as from our own. None of us lives long enough we are using, but it is tuned to today's miracles.

to make all the mistakes, so awareness of the deeds of One hundred years ago, whether it be June or others gives value to our lives. January, a heavy hot meal was served at noon. Today

It shows maturity when one listens to an older we build our summer menus around the climate.

person tell of his past and then puts into effect the Light, nourishing food gives us energy on a hot day, lessons learned. A grandmother's cheek, soft but but proteins are needed in summer as well as winter.

creped, against a baby's velvety smooth firm skin So now let us plan a summer turkey dinner in a light adds truth to the saying, "Something old, something appetizing way.

'-vf'

'';; -,:,-.i:>i, Silk:

i'...s *- -ft.

'lis..,*

.*/'

/h \m> h (, -"."h

ft RJtO.

4;.".'.

*>| tei","%-'-*w*f -.*'531 ''.* I''J>:, Cf/,v*4

neck skin to the back. Cream a half Pour into individual molds. Chill

Something Old cup of butter and add a half cup of until firm. Unmold on crisp greens.

Something New flour.this mixture.Cover thePlaceentirethe turkeybird breastwith Potato Turkey Bake (4 servings)

down on a V shaped rack. Cover

First Day—Summer turkey for with a loose cap of foil. Press gently 4 tablespoons butter or margarine

company at drumstick and breast ends. Place V2 cup chopped celery

in a 400 degrees- F. oven for half an 2 teaspoons instant minced onion

Iced Tomato Juice hour. Then lower the temperature V2 cup dressing left from yester-

*Cold Roast Turkey to 275 degrees and roast until turkey day's dinner *Hot dressing casserole is cooked. A 20 pound turkey will Vz cup turkey stock

Platter of cooked Fresh Vegetables take about 8 hours. Meat ther1V2 cups mashed potatoes

* Cranberry Molds mometer should register 195 de- 1 teaspoon prepared mustard

Iced Watermelon grees F. when bird is done. Another 4 large cold turkey slices

test for doneness is to press the thick Grated Parmesan cheese part of the drumstick between the Paprika ringers. Meat should feel soft. Move

Second Day the drumstick up and down. It Melt the butter, add the celery and

onion. heat Saute the turminced over low should move easily. When * Potato Turkey Bake the minutes. bread about 5 and is done, from pan key remove Add

Baby New Carrots (sprinkled with let cool at room temperature for a dressing and 4 tablespoons of the grated orange rind) while, then place in refrigerator. turkey stock. Mix well. Add with

Salad *Four Bean potatoes. to the the mustard mashed

* Praline Pie slices of of turkey in bottom Oldfashioned Onion Dressing Place shallow baking dish; pour remaining

broth over the slices and heap a mixture potato on of mashed Sprinkle of turkey.Third Day 21 cupcupsbutterfinely orchoppedmargarineonion moundeach serving

finely 3 celery cups chopped * the with papcheese and Parmesan Salad Turkey salt, 1 approximately tablespoon rika. deat 400 uncovered Bake Vegetable Raw or Platter 4 seasoning poultry teaspoons * F. for 15 minutes. grees about Honey Bread to taste sage

Snow Balls 1 teaspoon pepper Four Bean Salad 15 cups soft fine white bread crumbs 1 can kidney beans Fourth Day 1 can wax beans Melt the butter, add the onion and 1 can green beans

Turkey a la King over Wild or celery, and cook over low heat for 1 can lima beans

Brown Rice about 5 minutes. Mix the remaining 1 cup chopped celery

Corn on the Cob ingredients, adding the butter and 2 onions, ringed

Strawberries and Cream vegetable mixture with a fork. Taste V2 cup chopped green pepper

for slightly flavor. Moisten (2 or cauliflower, 3 1 package frozen

stir tablespoons hot water) and until crisply tender cooked gently in a a fork. with Put large IV2 vinegar cupsFifth Day (the hot and cold of it) just before casserole greased and V2 cup water

for minutes. dinner 45 about bake 2 cups sugar Vegetable * Turkey Soup so the fork Stir occasionally a with salt 1 tablespoon Muffins Bran too do not brown bottom and sides

Frozen Fruit Salad much. Serve hot. Boil together vinegar, water, sugar,

and salt for 5 minutes; cool. Pour

Cranberry Salad (8 servings) over other ingredients and refrigerHave you ever prepared your ate overnight. Drain and serve on

turkey and placed it in the oven 1 package (3 oz. ) mixed fruit crisp greens.

before you went to bed and let it Jell-o roast all night ready to be taken Dash of salt Turkey Salad (10 servings) from the oven in the morning? This P/4 cups boiling water

is a perfect way to cook a summer 1 can ( 1 pound ) jellied cranberry 4 cups diced cooked turkey turkey. The turkey is ready early sauce 2 cups sliced celery

in the day and should be placed in V2 cup chopped nuts 3 tablespoons minced parsley the refrigerator to chill until dinIV2 cups chopped June apples 1 teaspoon salt, approximately ner time. V2 teaspoon pepper

Dissolve the Jell-o and salt in the % cup whipping cream, whipped

Roast Summer Turkey boiling water. Break up the cranIV4 cups mayonnaise

berry sauce with a fork. Add to 2 tablespoons lemon juice

Clean and sprinkle the cavity with gelatin mixture. Chill until very % cup toasted almonds, coarsely

salt. Truss the legs and skewer the thick. Fold in the nuts and apples. chopped

532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fold the whipped cream into the mayonnaise, lemon juice, and almonds. Add the other ingredients;

toss lightly. Chill well. Serve on

lettuce. Save some almonds to

sprinkle on top.

Honey Bread Delicious and so finegrained. Will make 4 mediumsized loaves

IV2 cups honeyIV2 cups milk arqus % cup sugar 3% cups flourl x/2 teaspoons soda Automatic 3S\ \Vz teaspoons salt with fully automatic

IV2 cups chopped walnuts or pecans x/3 cup cooking oil 2 eggs 1 teaspoon vanilla ELECTRICEY

Bring the honey, milk, and sugar to a boil, cool. Sift dry ingredients

together, add the nuts, shortening, and eggs, vanilla; add the cooled Ideal for Mission or Vacation

honey mixture and beat for about 2 minutes. Turn into wellgreased Fast f/2.8 argus Cintagon 45mm lens! Only

pans. Bake at 325 degrees F. for

about 1 hour. Shutter speeds up to 1/250! 95

Zone focusing with BriteLine Finder!

balls Balls are merely Snow The $to in cocorolled ice vanilla Complete with case and flash!of cream

Complete served are they so goodnut, but... Only $1.25 week! Unconditionally guaranteed! Nothing Down sauce. chocolate or caramelwith

Come in, Phone or Order by Mail!

Praline Pie

V& cup butter Vs cup firmly packed brown sugar xk cup chopped pecans 1 lightly baked 8 inch pie shell 1 package (4 oz.) Jell-o butterscotch pudding and pie filling

2 cups milk 1 cup prepared topping or whipped Salt Lake City: 155 S. Main - 273 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr.

cream Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 W. Center Street

Pecan halves Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

Combine the butter and sugar, cooking and stirring until the sugar melts and the mixture bubbles vigorously. FOR HEALTHFUL EATING...

Stir in the nuts. from heat.Remove of... ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILLS over the mixture bottomSpread

shell. in a 425the pie Bake deNOW!... A quality, "airjet"version of until F. orgrees minutes oven 5

bubbly. Meanwhile combine the pie the oldfashion twostone flour mill,

filling and milk and cook over that captures ALL vital healthgiving medium heat stirring until mixture elements and wonderful goodness concomes to a full boil. Remove and tained in unprocessed whole grains.

cool for 5 minutes, stirring once or twice. Spoon over the nut layer. BEST MILL MADE for stoneground flours... cereals.

Cool and chill in refrigerator. All sizes... HOME - COMMUNITY - INDUSTRY

Garnish with whipped cream and pecan halves. Write

ALLGRAIN ENGINEERING CO. BOX 7722, PHOENIX, ARIZONA 85011

JUNE 1964 533 TurkeyVegetable Soup Break up the turkey carcass. Place

Turkey carcass in a large kettle. Cover with water.

V2 teaspoon dried thyme leaves Add the other ingredients except

V2 teaspoon dried marjoram leaves vegetables. Let simmer about 3

1 bay leaf hours. Strain. Add the onion, celery,

6 cloves carrots, and cook for 10 minutes.

2 onions, chopped Add the frozen peas and simmer for 1 cup diced celery five more minutes. Serve imme-

1 cup diced carrots diately garnished with chopped 1 package frozen peas parsley.

THE SPOKEN NO ONE LEAVES HIMSELF

WORD i BEHIND

RICHARD l. EVANS

We spoke last week of the certainty of everlasting life. But what about

the quality, the conditions of everlasting life? "... who can predict the

quality of the life which is coming to us in the great hereafter?"questioned one quoted source. "Does it not depend on the quality of this

present life? Are we not today determining, not so much whether we shall

live forever, as how we shall live forever? Are we not now making for

ourselves the heaven to which our hopes climb...? There stands the

open door... but when we have entered, how far shall we go and what

shall our possession be?"1 In his Epistle to the Corinthians, Paul said:

"... the glory of the celestial is one, and the glory of the terrestrial is

another. There is one glory of the sun, and another glory of the moon,

and another glory of the stars."2 Obviously there will be differences hereafter depending upon our deservingness. Somewhere we have heard

ONLY this said: If you would be comfortable in heaven, you would be there.

extent: to this comfortable Evil true not be This would seem would men

twentysix collectionStarts of (26) your comfortable of not in the be would good men, and good company men33'/3 in beautifully recordings two rpm bound albums and cover box. Then just in the company of evil men. The company we seek and enjoy and choose

five (5) payments of $7.40 each month. is exceedingly significant. But there is yet another very different side to

(NO INTEREST CHARGE). this subject, and that concerns the kind of company we are when we are

source: ourselves."Utah ancient cite this question residents add $1.75 Uiah Sales Tax to down solely from an with "Why We

payment. of countries another kind? and climates should What move to find we

exile leaves himself behind."3 The answer is that no one leaves himself

rj Send complete albums. I am enclosbehind. We ourselves are constantly in our own company, and should

ing $12.95 and agree to complete the make of ourselves the best possible kind of company. We ought to seek

five (5) payments of $7.40 each, with knowledge so that we can carry on intelligent conversation with ourselves.

charge.no interest as to live so a quiet conalways to have and comfortable And we ought

Enclosed is $49.95 complete price It isn't carry science. to a conversation comfortable with a on bad

albums.of entire Testament the New is less Said that Packe: conscience. nothing "There Richardson can a man Sales Utah residents $1.75 addUtah

..."4 his or habits. conscience than his afford to leave This good at home paid post entire andTax. albums Send

by return mail. is true of traveling in time or in eternity. "Whatever principle of intelliEnclosed find $5.00 earnest money. gence we attain unto in this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection."5

Please send complete album C.O.D. I The company of others is important, but there is nothing more important

will pay postman balance and small than our own company and companionship because now and always and

C.O.D. charge. everlastingly we are inseparably with ourselves.

Name Address 'Editorial, The Outlook: "An Easter Meditation,"April 22, 1905.

n Cor. 15:4041.

by Montaigne, Of Solitude, accredited to Horace.City State Zip Code. "Quoted

5D&CRichardson130:18.Packe (16801728), English author.

Square, from presented Temple "The Spoken Word"over KSL and the Columbia

April 1964. Covenant Broadcasting 5, Copyright 1964. System,

Research Group 3600 MARKET ST. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BREAD MAKING BY MARGARET MAXWELL

I turn my bread dough out and start to knead.

My floured hands plunge in to punch and fold; I form my loaves with skill and practised speed, And here is beauty for my hands to hold.

My loaves of bread are baking, and the room Is filled with healthy fragrance redolent.

To me it's sweeter than a fine perfume;

Yes, there is beauty in its wholesome scent.

And now my bread is done, and I can place Each golden loaf—I count them, one,

two, three—

To cool upon the shelf, in its own space, And here is beauty for my eyes to see.

My sixyear-old runs in with loud halloo. "Fresh bread!"he cries, his little

face aglow, "I love your bread, and, Mother, I love you."And here is beauty for my soul to know.

SWAN AT NIGHTFALL

BY ROWENA CHENEY

With dignity and rhythmic grace,

Upon this quiet lake, you trace

A fluent wedge against the blue

Borrowed from night skies over you.

What are you seeking, as you float

As soundless as a phantom boat

On mystic waters? Do your eyes

Behold a second paradise Down here on earth—when summer yKjl

nights Lure you from far Olympian heights How can Bigelow carpet help your church?

To find someone our eyes have missed—Ask your architect. He can tell you that day's new Mormon church buildings.

Fair Leda, come to keep her tryst? fine carpet, like Bigelow, absorbs noise And loomed with 100% continuous filato create an atmosphere of serenity. ment nylon pile, Cordridge will give

Or are you—(by some eerie power And he can demonstrate how carpet years and years of wear.

For one lingering, sentient hour)—actually saves on maintenance and There's a Bigelow carpet to suit

building, church, public home. costs. every stream cleaning once on Avon's swan whichA

the has or Finally, can customcreate Bigelow one no what need tell you Shakespeare's a partBecame of 1825. carpet. it since disperfect done We've carpet for appearance. can do The

dream? tinctive tree bark texture of Cordridge

(above], in any of its 16 colors, is esRUGS & CARPETS pecially adaptable to the decor of toBigelow *4 SINCE 1825

JUNE 1964 535 Go the roots'

MinDakota, South Wyoming, and route The Church Moves On nesota, Headquarters Nebraska. and

(Continued from page 436) will be at Rapid City, South Dakota.

There are now about sixty missionOf that number 1,736,567 resided in aries in the territory embraced by

Get the water down to stakes and 380,884 resided in the this new mission carrying the gospel the deepest roots of your missions. This was a net increase message to the Cree, Crow, Sioux,

grass, shrubs or plants of 151,665 members during the year. Chippewa, Winnebagos, Blood, and

with Bird's Rain new President Indian tribes. Blackfoot

sprinkler.Stream Spray

serving as bishop Farmer is currently revolutionary serrated ring, it disThe First Presidency announcedWith a charges slim streams of water that produce the creation of the Northern of the Boise (Idaho) Ninth Ward.

a slow, gentle penetration -right to the root Indian Mission from parts of the He first served as a missionary among of your watering problems. The Stream Southwest Indian Mission. Elder the Indians in 1946 when he labored

Spray uses less water than conventional Grant R. Farmer has been called to as an elder in the Northern States

designs for the same diameter of coverpreside over the new mission. The Mission. He and his wife Estella

age; doesn't puddle the surface or waste territory of the Northern Indian again served in that mission from

water in runoff. No corrosion problems Mission includes Montana, North 1952 to 1954. She and their four

because the ring is molded in Du Pont's

Delrin. No clogging problems because

every Stream Spray has its own filter.

Available in full, %, h., [h and % circle spray

patterns; 6ach as a shrub head, PopUp or

HiPop (rising 2"). Stream Spray is Rain

latestBird's addition to the compremost THE in line of sprinklershensive the world. Ask I SPOKEN a THE NEED FOR STANDARDSfor at sprinklers Stream nearest Spray your WORD

garden center.

Write for free Stream Spray literature to Rain Bird Sprinkler Mfg. Corp., P.O.

Box 37, Glendora, California. RICHARD L. EVANS

different degrees of RainSUREST AID TO IFiFUGATIONBird WeNewspokeTestamentlast weekconcerningof takingtheourselveshereafterwithandus theand cited Paul from the glory. We are constantly becoming what we are to be. And what we shall

be hereafter is what we are now, plus what we add to it between now and

EARN YOUR ASSOCIATE when we leave this life. We are in some measure acted upon by others

DEGREE IN BUSINESS and by outside influences, but also, in large measure, we are shaping ourAT "LD"selves. And in all our choosing and selecting and deciding, there is need

SECRETARIAL ourshape values, of which sense sure for standards, for by we may some

SCIENCE the standards, DATA that moral are emphasize selves. would There some who (ts *F mh 1 if circumstances. But situations to give MARKETING and code, new must PROCESSING moral way

ACCOUNTING with shall surely unhappiness standards, reap or basic are there no fixed we -.,. '.i MANAGEMENT 1 aNjyjil PERSONAL civilizations of of lives. the pattern lost This living some was loose and DEVELOPMENT

INSTITUTE LDS standards, of and that compromising of much collapsed because the past for Free Write Catalog life is lessons of for everyone greatest of the This that immoral. one was L. D. SAUNDERS MR.

L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE to learn: that consequences follow causes no matter who presumes to say

41 1 E. SO. TEMPLE - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH it isn't so. We have to tie to timehonored principles of honor and honesty,

of chastity and morality if we would keep civilization and ourselves safe, and if we would realize the highest possibilities of our own everlasting

MISSIONARIES lives. No one should succumb to the siren call that he is his own god, his

and Church workers own determiner of right and wrong. If this were so there would be anarchy,

is to if there or be possessions be safe. would And no man's person recorder be and can tape WEBCOR A living in—worth public peace, and a world peace and peace—personal tool work. in your excellent an

there must be standards, honor, honesty, morality, no matter who, because

TERMS—Call or write about our of a disposition to indulgence, would set any commandment or moral

MISSIONARY plan. standard aside. Said Thomas a Kempis: "A passionate man turneth even

good into evil.... Manfully... conquer those things which are most

StereoTape Recorder grievous and... withdraw [thyself] from... sin."1 This we would say to

Center youth and to all who love life: "Set high standards, keep the commandments,

1568 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah and look to your everlasting lives, no matter who would tell you that the basic moral standards are no longer in force and effect.""Begin to be now

Another Clarence L. Jolley Enterprise what you will be hereafter."2

Little Giant Hotomatic Imitation a Kempis, Christ, book I. of 'Thomas

No. Water Heater Gas 3 -St. scholar. Latin (340420), Jerome

all Will the hot water supply for Baptistries, needed Church Heats "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Rest Kitchens, Rooms.

450 GPH, 20 rise in temperaBroadcasting System, April 12, 1964. Copyright 1964.

ture. Inexpensive. Write for

free folders on water heaters and Fiberglass Baptistries.

LITTLE GIANT MFG. CO.

907 7th Street, Orange, Texas S36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sons will accompany him into the field of labor. The necessity of

bringing the testimony to the Lamanites and their brethren was mentioned in a revelation (D&C 3) in July 1828. Another revelation

(D&C 32) in October 1830 sent missionaries among the Lamanites.

There are now seventyfour fulltime missions of the Church functioning.

The First Presidency announced ELECTION the appointment of Elder Heber

Alberta, of Edmonton,Golden Jensen of the as presidentCanada, New BANDWAGON M. DeMAR

Zealand Temple. He succeeds President John B. Hawkes who has

served there for three years. Presiwithdent Jensen's wife, Hattie B. JenTEUSCHER

sen, will be temple matron. This You'll be right on top of the election sceneCanadian couple has been in New

Zealand for four months serving when you follow the complete election news as missionaries. in your Deseret News. Expert local writers

... fine Teuscher headed by M. DeMar

( ) Virginia Stake Norfolk.. upto-the-. and expert columnists national of Virginia parts from formed

Stake to be the 392nd stake now minute reports arc complete in every functioning in the Church. Elder detail interestingly presented. You can be

Walter H. Hick, Sr., was sustained proud of your Deseret News.

as president with Elders James W.

Cole, Sr., and Robert C. Morris ascounselors. Both President Hick Bm$m@mf Mmw$

and Elder Cole were serving as jSaXt Cake Wd&xcwKi counselors to President Cashell

Donahoe, Sr., of Virginia Stake. Norfolk Stake was organized under the

direction of Elder Harold B. Lee of

the Council of the Twelve and Elder

EIRay L. Christiansen, Assistant tothe Twelve. As early as 1832 misAIR

sionaries were laboring in that part of Virginia which is now the stateof West Virginia. In 1870 active CONDITION

missionary work in Virginia was one room or your whole house recommenced. Bridal Gowns Suitable

Elders George T. Henshaw, Jr.,

and Robert M. Goodman, Sr., were for Temple Marriages ELECTRICALLY

sustained as counselors to President

Donahoe of Virginia Stake. the proven way!

Mt. Olympus ( Salt Lake County r i dial

Stake formed from parts of East

Mill Creek and Olympus stakes to Whichever way you air be the 393rd stake now functioning. condition electrically, you'll

President Orin R. Woodbury, who 38 South Main Salt Lake City enjoy these and many other

was serving as president in East advantages:

Mill Creek Stake, sustained as presi-

..dent of Mt. Olympus Stake with Feel "Fresh as a Daisy"

... Sleep Better Elder William S. Partridge, who was EVERY LIBRARY - WARD OR HOME Rest Better

serving as first counselor in Olympus Should have bound copies of the... Enjoy Filtered air.

Stake, sustained as first counselor, ERA Now: New low rates for

quality $2.50 fgr high a heavyduty susOnly electricity for air conditioning Goaslind Elder Jack H.and

binder. Indexes binders. free with

total electric in space heating counselor. or The as second tained

stake was organized under the direcOrder from homes.

tion of Elder Marion G. Romney of The Improvement

the Council of the Twelve and Elder If it's electric,

Alvin R. Dyer, Assistant to the it's better!

Twelve. The stake is named after a

135 South State Street Salt Lake City 11, Utah UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

JUNE 1964 537 prominent mountain peak in the Church. A branch of the Church

area. was organized in Denver, Sunday,

Elder William D. Callister susJanuary 3, 1897 as part of the then

tained as president of East Mill newly organized Colorado Mission.

Creek Stake with Elders L. Rolan Elder Russell C. Taylor who was

Werrett and G. Phillip Margetts serving as first counselor in the

as counselors. President Callister Denver West Stake presidency susas president of that stake Elder Werrett were counselors tained and

Special for.. President Barnes. succeeding Counto President Woodbury.

selors to President Taylor are Elders 19 Denver South ( Colorado ) Stake C. Rodney Claridge and Sanford

Invitations, Reception Napkins, etc., featuring Albums, L.D.S. M\ t*[illJk madewasin bothformedthe Denveras changesand Denwere S. ElderWalker.Theodore Christensen sustemple designs. (Conventional ver West stakes. President R. Raytained as second counselor in Denstyles for $5.95.) 100 Write mond Barnes, who was serving in ver Stake succeeding Elder Hansen. catalog for FREE and samples.

Denver West, is now president of President Elmo C. Higginson and

Rexburg, REXCRAFT Idaho first counselor, Elder H. Thomas His counhis Stake. South 83440 Denver

(Catalog sent airmail for 25c) in Butterfield, to continue serve Hansen, selors are Elder Boyd L.

who was serving as a counselor in this stake.

Denver Stake, and Elder Alan Elder Kenneth C. Johnson susRILEY-UTAH COMPANY Roberts, who was serving as a countained as president of Grantsville

Elders Stake with (Utah) Stake. Max L. selor in Denver West Denver Same Day Service as R. Ferris Williams and the Shirts under Stake formed South was

direction of Elders Howard W. counselors. They succeed President

Hunter and Thomas S. Monson of Arthur L. Barrus and his counGENEALOGY the Council of the Twelve. It is the selors, Elders Saul A. Clark and

Your document photographed on 394th stake now functioning in the L. Clark Imlay.

printing plate and 100 exact copies printed top quality: Each Plate—

100 ES $3.50 WAITING C

Mail us your copy BY DAVID W. CUMMINGS

Write for sample

cluster a Out of of fantasies line wistful faces forms. of145 S. State St. Ph: 3282041 A

Wondering, my curious eyes pick up the line GENEALOGY And trace it back—back through the years

PHOTOCOPIES Until I lose it in the distant mists of time.

I trace those back faces gaze reverts, A SPECIALTY My in began. the line To where And there a rush of guilt

Lowest Prices, Fastest Service, I stare... the first one is my own!

Highest Quality Write for complete price list and supplies

in. pictures Also to mail your write for I turn away and still I see, face after face

list processing. color price low cost on

Pleading with their eyes, and forming on their lips

INKLEY PHOTO CENTERS The yearning cry: "How long? The ages drag,

Custom Photofinishing Lab How long the wait, until you set us free?"

2486 Washington Blvd. Ogden, Utah

YOU CAN RENT IT! Faces... only faces, unnamed, unplaced, unknown,

Yet I must do my best to find them all.

Until I start I'll see that look and hear that cry HOWE RENTS

SALES AND RENTALS Echoing down the centuries.

Something tells me that I can, that here vr there,

Salt Lake City 4860055 I'll find their names and place their birth 2375 South State

And learn enough to call them known.

I'll see those faces glow NEWELL, ORR & WALSH INC. And as I do,

FLOORING CONTRACTORS Under temple light, and hear that cry & ENGINEERS Silenced in a temple hush. And they and I will know

The meaning of celestial peace. TILE VINYL CARPETS

"CUSTOM FLOORS AT CONTRACT PRICES"630 5th AVE., N. Y. C. C163791

53B THE IMPROVEMENT ERA: -.:.

OF EM

YOUTH June

Marion D. Hanks

Editor

Elaine Cannon

Associate Editor

Learn of

"Learn of me, and listen to my words; walk in the meekness

of my Spirit, and yon shall have peace in me"(D&C 19:23.)

What greater promise than that?

To youth on the run on the climb to success To youth aching for recognition dreaming of fame To youth yearning for inner strength longing to appeal To youth searching for happiness hoping for peace.

This can be the answer... "learn of me."

To learn of him is to learn the way to personal perfection.

This is worth striving for.

In this issue some suggestions on how to learn of him....

by Elaine Cannon. '

f

ptir

-z Can fasting have purpose in it for me?

Fasting could be for me a conscious effort to lift my spirit through control of my body and its hungers.

Fasting could be a time for me to cleanse my thoughts as I have my body, a time to

sweep out the dirt, the trivial, the useless,

Fasting and to store up the spiritual.

by Robert Spencer Fasting could be a time to think of, concentrate on, indeed, to "exercise"faith

Fasting is an act of obedience. through singlepurposed prayer

Fasting helps the poor. about one matter of concern to me.

Fasting rests my body.

Then if fasting does become such an exerciseFasting emphasizes prayer.

Fasting also thickens my tongue, leadens in selfmastery, my body's hunger my eyelids, slows my efforts. becomes my spirit's hunger.

Fast day is the longest Sunday of the

Then the testimonies I hear in fast meeting month—until dinner. move my heart—swell my soul;

skepticism evaporates.

Then fasting becomes my own personal

devotional with the Father. I can't permit

it to be desecrated by making it "seen of men."

It is a private time of prayerful covenant,

a time of strengthening through selfdenial, a time of worship. Then have I fasted.

M!gmM&&sim ";:

asfeafc"

m

ww* a,* \ #-!

s # -w i %-i Yearning Prayer

By Truman G. Madsen

They say it in one way or another, those who really know about prayer: Only

yearning prayer gets through.

But there are three kinds of yearning. What are these?

We yearn when we mean what we say. They are subtle flashes that register within.

But is that enough when we are asking the And they are real. They center "in your

impossible, or when what we are asking mind and in your heart"(D&C 8:2) and

is, if we could only see, for our ill? are, therefore, a perfect blend of thought

We yearn when we care terribly. But is and feeling. They come with a serene flow

that enough when what we care for, of power that is light, and warmth, and however desperately, is a fistshaking liquid surety. They whisper a "Yes,"or a

fixation that presumes God visions less "No,"a "Wait,"or a "Be still,"a "Trust,"what is needed than we? or an "Act well thy part."

We yearn, finally, when we do not only This is what a modern young prophet calls mean and care intensely, but when at the "breaking the ice"and "obtaining the core we are as anxious to listen as to ask. Holy Spirit"which causes "the bosom to

We yearn when we will to abide counsels burn."He says that much emptying ourselves

already given, and to respond to him and of unworthiness and much filling ourselves his way in his way. with concentration precedes it. He says we

So long as we are set in our uninspired should strive to stay on our knees until it happens.desires, not moldable, we must break our

hearts before we can pray from them. So And how do you know that this "burning"

need we wonder why the heavens are often is of God? Maybe it is just hope, guess,

"like brass over our heads?"or wish.

This is the beginning of communion with You know by the quiet verdict of your own the highest of personalities, God and his inner being. (And you know just as well

Son Jesus Christ; of higher ways of seeing when you don't know.) You know because

and feeling, as it were, through their eyes. the haunting "I doubt"and the painful

This is a lifeprocess, not a fiveminute "I fear"are swallowed up in living light.

You arise this time, after many darkenedthing. But it is often closer in youth than

in maturity. Youth may keenly grasp the times, tinctured with gratitude. With the

truth: that even at our best we are like the glow comes a lingering love, a knowledge

blind boy who walks with his friend. He that forges resolve to do what must now be

done, and a faith for next time.does not believe, nor bluff, that he is

selfsufficient. Instead he responds to the Thus yearning prayer becomes burning prayer,

slightest nudge. (If you would know the burningwith-theSpirit prayer.

power of God try, early in life, to become Happy is the youth who prays for and then just this dependable in your dependence.) until and finally with this subtle flame. For

As this happens, the whole of us becomes "he that asketh in Spirit shall receive in the instrument that vibrates upwardly. No Spirit."(D&C 46:28.)

special words are needed, no forced tone of voice, and no dramatic playacting.

Then we begin to recognize the "first answers"to our prayers—the answers that

always come before the others.

ii Worship by David Meredith

Our only article of faith which does not Certainly gratitude, love, and reverence begin "We believe"states: "We claim the are elements of this attitude when we can

privilege of worshiping Almighty God worship. Perhaps one reason that we worship

according to the dictates of our own conscience, so seldom is that worship needs to be and allow all men the same privilege, let spontaneous. Worship isn't—indeed, can't

them worship how, where, or what they may."be—casual, perfunctory, or compelled. These

We usually cite this article as our profession are its opposites.

of religious tolerance, but how often do we Worship is possible "claim the privilege"of worship? In testimony meeting

One evening recently in a Sacrament meeting, "Out"in nature following the administration of those sacred During the Sacrament emblems, a gifted soprano soloist sang, In the temple "Oh, Divine Redeemer."Some of the Watching or listening to general conference

previouslyoccupied deacons were now passing Some moments in the mission field notes, nudging one another—generally Seeing art; hearing great music

ignoring the singer and the music. Just behind During a quiet conversation with a loved one

the deacons sat a mother whose son was At prayer—sometimes.

in the mission field. She was herself an

?accomplished singer and doubtless was What do these times or places have in common

familiar with the number being sung. As Isn't it time? Time and reflection? Yes, we

the music progressed, she seemed to move worship most often when we have (or take) with it—tears came. As in echo, the words time to look either inside or about us. It is

of the song formed on her lips; the music then that we contemplate blessings received

became her own prayer of faith and devotion. nature's resplendence, the Savior's gifts of

For her, at that moment, no deacon, no other life and forgiveness. It is then that we sense

outside obstruction, intruded on her moment the Spirit's nearness, see and feel other lives of worship. How priceless—how seldom and touching and affecting ours. Worship,

rare such moments are! gratitude, reverence well up from within.

It is said that the atheist's most trying times Worship is in very fact a "privilege."Nothing

are those occasions when upon arising he "commanded"about it—it's no duty. It's

feels grateful to be alive—with no one simply a blessed privilege. Let's take the

to thank! time to "claim the privilege"—often.

'*\*"<l;,

>\M -m

ijpr 5""f

ifltk'Sa v%W EXPERIENCES OF A STAKE The board member continued, "There is just vacation.SUPERINTENDENT WITH THE MIA one problem. I'm leaving soon for a

Would it be all right if Ernie substituted for

Basketball Program me on Sunday?"

By John Schreiner "Sure."

Superintendent Boston Stake YMMIA "When you see Ernie tomorrow in school, why don't you ask him if you could go along

Ours is a relatively new stake located on the with him to church on Sunday, and then

East coast. It took courage to include in when I return, I'll give you a call, to complete

our basketball league announcement a promise the other part of the bargain."

that the winning junior team would participate Bob agreed that this would be fine. The next

in the region for the first time. Indeed,

day Ernie was a surprised young Latterday several problems arose in the early weeks Saint when his friend Bob came up and of the stake league, most of them asked for an invitation to church. The two

concerning eligibility.

boys attended Sacrament meeting, and Bob

Two alternatives were proposed in stake met Ernie's bishop. The following Sunday

board meeting. One was that we hold strictly Bob accepted an invitation to go again. It

to the athletic committee's rules, which would was fast day, and he attended priesthood mean disqualification of most of our teams. meeting, Sunday School, and testimony

The second was to adopt a lesser rules meeting. While not overly expressive, Bob

standard which would make our league did indicate to Ernie an admiration for the ineligible for regional participation. Home Teaching program which was discussed

Fortunately, a third and far better alternative in the meetings.

was found. It was decided to hold strictly When the board member returned, he called to the rules, but at the same time to labor Bob to make arrangements to complete the

with the situations in the individual wards.

We had faith that a way would be found for agreement. But Bob hesitated for a moment, and then said, "Well, really, I don't go to

every team to qualify. Individual board my church that often."Then after another members were assigned to work closely with moment, he said, "To tell you the truth, I've

each team that had an eligibility problem.

decided that I'd rather go to your church."

One of our smaller wards needed an outside What a heartwarming surprise! Bob played player to complete its team. The captain, in every league game thereafter as a

Ernie, had brought a school classmate, Bob, fullyeligible team member. He has attended to some practice games. But Bob had no church and MIA nearly every week and is desire to attend church, and this is one of also meeting with the missionaries. We are the requirements. a little ashamed to remember how close we

The stake board member assigned to this were to choosing an alternative by which this team met with the ward superintendent. It experience could never have happened. It

was agreed that the board member give Bob was thrilling and inspiring that each of the a call. Bob quickly confirmed that he teams eventually did qualify. And the winning

thoroughly enjoyed playing basketball, but stake team did participate in the that he had no interest in attending the regional playoffs.

Mormon Church. This board member explained It was a substantial trip of 300 miles each

that this was simply one of the rules, and it way which the winning team took to compete couldn't be changed. But he quickly offered with the winners of a neighboring stake.

Bob an alternative. He said, "Bob, let's strike Many of our boys had never before been that

up a bargain. How would it be if we get far away from their home towns. We arrived together next Sunday and go to church. I'd at eleven in the evening, and found all ten

like to introduce you to our bishop. And members of the competing team waiting for

I'llthen another Sunday, reciprocate by us in their coach's living room. We had been going church."with you to your invited to sleep in their homes. Two of us

Bob replied, "I suppose that would be all right."were to go with their team captain, named

Skip. By coincidence, one of these assignments in it. And he bore a fervent and humble

went to Bill, our captain, and the other went testimony of the tremendous significance to me. It was nearly midnight when we of the gospel in his life.

approached our home for the night. Skip He then expressed himself further, in

said, "Oh, by the way, I'm the only one in approximately these words, "You know, my family who is a member of the Church. the Church is always teaching that we should

So if you see evidences in our home that don't pray together as families. But that has

conform to church standards, I hope you'll never been possible for me because the understand."We assured him that we would. Church is the one area where my parents

Skip and Bill had some sparse getacquainted and I don't see eye to eye. But tonight it's

conversation in the car. It was evident that different. I'm not the only church member

in spite of a guesthost relationship, each at home. I wonder if you two would be my

was aware that they would be in tense church family for this night, and if we could competition the next afternoon. But in the have family prayer together before retiring."

living room inside, the two boys, both

Bill if heabout sixteen, began to recognize their We knelt down and Skip asked common fraternal bond in the Church would offer the prayer. Afterward, we

and in the priesthood. Their talk grew quickly settled down for a long comfortable

quicker and more at ease as they compared sleep. It had been a choice evening.

experiences of every conceivable kind. There were several other instances of

The hour of 1 am came and went. To me, a priesthood brotherhood as these two groups

casual observer, it seemed that from about of young men sharing similar high ideals this point on, the interchange of ideas was got acquainted. It is little wonder that the

as intimate as if both boys were members game the next day was played vigorously of the same team. but also fairly. The referees were respected.

In the bedroom upstairs, after nearly One of our players might have been another hour had passed, I made my single speaking for all the team when he said contribution to the evening's discussion. on the way home, "Even without winning,

"Skip, what was it that happened in your this has been a great weekend. We ought

life two years ago?"I asked. to do something like this again, even

"Oh you mean about my coming into the without a basketball game."

Church? Well, I had a friend in school Such experiences are living evidence of

who was LDS and..."He told a choice the greatness and divinity of the principal

story not too untypical of learning about MIA goal, to build testimonies of the restored the gospel, conversion to it, and baptism gospel in the hearts of youth.

I might have Prayer at Baptism Who died that eternal life.

By Alice K. Freese If thou hast work for me to do—

Give me wisdom—and a humble heartDear Heavenly Father—That I may glorify thy name—

Forgive me for I have sinned—And finally—dear Father in heaven—

and grieved thee greatly. Help me to live thy Word of Wisdom—

Give me of thy strength on this joyfully most holy day—I ask these things in the name of

To live the teachings of thy Son Jesus—Jesus Christ. Amen.

The Last Word

The science teacher exclaimed: Two women were preparing

"Can you imagine light traveling to board an airliner. One of

at 186,000 miles per second?"them turned to the pilot and

when the student retorted, "Yeah, said: "Please don't go faster

but it's downhill all the way!"than sound; we want to talk."

Nothing makes your old home look so Unless we continue to attractive as pricing the new ones. grotv we begin to die.

Results are what you exWe are haunted by an ideal life, and it is A diet is a short period pect, and consequences because we have within us the beginning of starvation preceding a are what you get. and the possibility of it.—Phillips Brooks rapid gain of five pounds.

7 made this my rule—when Credit: A person who can't pay gets an-

—Josephthe Lord Smithcommands,the Prophetdo it. teeotherthatpersonhe canwho pay.—Charlescan't pay to guaranDickens

Some people have read so much The best way for a housewife to have about the harmful effects of smok- a few minutes to herself at the close of ing that they are giving up reading. the day is to start doing the dishes.

One of the most difficult things to give away is kindness, for it is usually returned.

If you have succeeded in putting one truth Duty makes us do things well, into circulation, or demolishing one falsebut love makes us do them hood, you have done a good day's work. beautifully.—Phillips Brooks

Dad was deep in the evening paper when young Teddy came up with this request: "Dad,

can I have a cowboy suit and 200 head of cattle?"

security...

a thing called life insurance

Remember when you were a youngster? Security, then,

was such a simple thing... a father's firm handclasp..

a mother's loving hug. But what happens to the

youngster who loses even a part of this security? Will

he be able to fulfill his dreams—to complete his

education? He will if his parents have the foresight to

provide the necessary financial protection, through

American Western Life Insurance Company. Last year

alone, American Western Life placed 30 MILLION

DOLLARS worth of protection. One of the reasons

for this is because American Western Life has one of the nation's most complete insurance programs. They

have a plan that will fit your specific needs.

Special Whole Life Policies are available at these low premium rates.

$10.65 month $10,000 policy age 25

$15.23 month $10,000 policy age 35

$23.53 month $10,000 policy age 45

... and for just $2.70 a month extra you can add

coverage for the entire family.

American Western

Life Insurance Co. MERICAN

247 South 5th East Salt Lake City, YyESTERN Utah 84111 LIFE INSURANCE CO.

Symbol of Security

Please send me information about American Western Life's special

Whole Life Policy.

NAME AGE...

ADDRESS

CITY.STATE

Signed Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Have you ever seen a bonafide check for $19,433.17? Neither

had Mollie Hobson.

Life had little to offer Mollie but hard work and loneliness.

Well past fifty and a widow, her last boy, Jerry, was forced to seek employment as a farm worker in a community a considerable distance from home.

Jerry failed to mention his purchase of a $10,000 Beneficial insurance plan, but in the few blinding seconds before the fatal er seen a check for automobilehis life, perhapsaccidentthe whichthoughttookof $19,433.77? thatthroughfortunatehis mind.purchase flashed

Since the policy carried accidental death benefits doubling the face amount, the proceeds would have been $20,000, except for the fact that in settling proof of death, it was discovered that

Jerry had misstated his age as somewhat younger than his actual age. It was necessary, therefore,

to deduct $550.56 to adjust properly the discrepancy in age.

A grateful mother will now enjoy some modest comfort and freedom from worry thanks to the foresight of a loving son and the wisdom and miracle of life insurance!

From the Beneficial Life files

BENEFICIAL LIFE 'ntortance

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Over 600 million dollars of life insurance in force.