e improvement

U. S. POSTAGE

2c PAID Salt Lake City, Utah Permit No. 325 VOLUME 35 DECEMBER, 1931 NUMBER

Return Postage Guaranteed—Salt Lake City, Utah

nRMMnpnpmpp V"> Nx -*AX\ v

1c ":. *

I"* -*

. -...-'

'"'*"-.& AThoughtful GIFT for everyone who drives a car....,,-C"

hundreds of carefree miles, conveniently available in this handv coupon book

of their kind in the intermountain products who you know is someone region. reto be delighted THEREwould certainly

ceive one of these coupon books. Pep 88 and Vico are the choice of the

Each book is good for ten dollars'worth of majority of intermountain motorists. Our

Pep 88 gasoline, Vico motor oil, or other coupon books offer you the opportunity of products or services at any Pep 88 and Vico giving Dad, Brother, or "him", a generous station. supply of the kind of gasoline and oil he

As a gift, this book has all the features wants.

you want to incorporate in your giving Books are obtainable at any Pep 88 and this Christmas. It is useful, practical, Vico station.

sensible, inexpensive, and reflects real thoughtfulness on the part of the giver.

Anyone who drives a car will be grateful... for everyone knows that Pep 88

gasoline and Vico motor oil are the finest

At More than 200 Stations in the West

Manufactured and Guaranteed by Utah Oil Refining Co., Salt Lake City

Rhe tfmprovemercL Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement Associations and the Department of Education

FORECAST For Every Member of the Family

LAKE, the SALT/REAT the EDITORIALS of America,Dead Sea mecca of early trappers and What Age Santa Claus? Harrison R. Merrill 66

pioneers, is one of the most Introducing the New Managing Editor Lowry Nelson 67 romantic bodies of water in America. Its clear water so

laden with salt as to make it ARTICLES sink a forimpossible man to S. Hinckley 69 in Greatness Men—President Charles W. Nibley Bryant

its islandsin it, and many 75 William A. Life Hyde of Eddies

birds of Play) myriadswith are Joy World (A Pageant To The T Jr. 8793 to Era Geo. Albert Smith, Pays Tribute Canadian Commissioner Jenkins, E.described by D.

an inland sailor, who has the great sea.navigated This FICTION illustrated,article, copiously

will find place in the JanTwo Strong Men Harrison R. Merrtll 72

uary Improvement Era.. A Daughter of Martha (Serial Story) Ivy Williams Stone 76

The Christmas Tree Florence H. Townsend 80

A FEW of the other outstanding stories and POETRY articles of the January isChristmas Eve on. the Desert Harrison R. Merrill 68

sue will be "Rudger ClawTo My Daughters --.. Mary B. Stokes 88

son,"the next of the series Query < C. N. and Christie Lund 88

of articles contributed by Hugh J. Cannon Weston N. Nordgren 88

President B. S. Hinckley; By Candle Light -, 1 Vesta Pierce Crawford 88

"The Skillful Use of EngThe Sail Jennie Porter 88

You.. Redford Grant I Love 88lish,"Surrender of Mother, "The

: Lewis 88 Ora The Temple a short story;Father Time,"

Sunrise Richards and Star Lula Greene Morning 107 prize of the one"The Scar,"stories; and choice bits of

verse some of them illustrated. DEPARTMENTS

PHE Written Word"is EraGlancingDirectorsThroughWin Success(Brief Summary of Magazine Articles). Elsie T. Brandley 9089

the title of an article conSocial Relationships Adbh R Naylor 86 tributed Dr. by N. Lutie H. Fryer 84 A. Beauty in the Home—Balance It is a inPedersen. timely and

,...-.. Redford 95 Grant A Prayerteresting suggestion for us all.

If I Could Write Sonnets Jessie Sundwall 99

The Cover ChurchPriesthoodMusicQuorumsCommittee '. 10099

CILVER Silence"is the title Mutual Messages: 103

given to the photograph Community Activity 105 which is used on the cover Adult Messages 106 107 It M Men—Gleaners issue. theof Christmas

Gleaner Girls: 108 takenwas by Leland Van Girls Junior

Wagoner of a frostdraped BeeHive Girls 109110 nook in Provo Canyon. VanguardsScouts. 1 1

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Melvin J. liallard, Business Mgr. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Entered at the Post Office, Salt

Clarissa A. Beesley, Asso. Bus. Mgr. 406 CHURCH OFFICE BLDG., SALT LAKE CITY, UT. Lake City, Utah, as secondclass

Copright, by the 1931, Young Men's Improvement Mutual B, Peterson,O. Ass't Bus. Mgr.

Associaticm Corporation Church df the ofGeorge Q. Morris, Jesus Christ matter.special rateAcceptanceof postageforprovidedmailing forat Latterday Saints. rights of All reserved.

Rachel Grant Taylor, Subscription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; in section 1103, Act of October,

Chairmen Era and Publicity 20c a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Harrison R. Merrill Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

What Age Santa Clausf TTTHITE WHISKERS and white hair are to be used as kindling. The builder was willing, and

pile the finest soon Miss Lander had of wood that of Santa a part of the makeup yf/ usually in years. in stacked house her coal had been ages and in reality is of all he Claus, but

beautiful, Eve, Vern, Christmas bathOn warm I sexes. to sometimes wonboth—strange say—of over Lander's. his arm, under went to Miss frerobe is not found Santa Claus more der why Mrs.

quently in our lore. The only reason I can find for The good lady was overjoyed.

'I'll treasure it,"said she, the tears streaming her omission is that she—wonderful mothers of the

world made Santa Claus for us, and with the adroit down her cheeks and falling upon the robe which was manipulations for which she is famous, made us love pressed against her face.

him with all our hearts. "You're to wear it, not treasure it,"said the

A mother recently told me an interesting story Santa Clausgrowing-up, stoutly. "I'll come over

of a youthful Santa Claus. every morning to see if you

Vern was a boy of eleven, "Then shall the King say unto them on his right have it on."

but he became Santa to a hand, Vern has set a good exspinster lady,of fiftyfive "'Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingample for Santas of all ages the the prepared foundation you for dom from of Santa, wise or Christian, old a mighty and—Pagan gave meat: ye For I hungred was and an me wiser or young. than too; much many world:1 thirsty, stranger, I ye gave was was a and me drink:

a one of the whitewhisk- and ye took me in: naked and ye clothed me: I was This is a year of more or

ered type. sick, and ye visited me: I was in prison, and ye came less distress. People who can

He said to his mother one unto me.'afford to buy should buy,

course, but perhaps theyday last year: "Mother, ""Then'Lord, shallwhenthesawrighteouswe theeansweran hungred,him, saying,and fed of

Miss Lander is all alone. thee? or thirsty, and gave thee idrink? When saw we should buy a bit more wiseShe hasn't a soul to make thee a stranger, and took thee in? or naked, and ly than they have ever done

fires for her, or carry in her clothed thee? Or when saiv we thee sick, or in before.

thee?'unto and camecoal, or do anything at all, prison,

shall the answer and say unto them, Fathers and mothers who King "And and, Mother, I think she "'Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have are tempted to shower their it a needs good children unto wrap done ye have own warm with my brethren, worththe least"of these it me.'unto less the done gets she Up tinwhen gimcracks in and, some

25:3440. St. Matthew, cases,morning."annoying and

Now this mother was of dangerous toys of variouseven the Santa Clausmaking variety. She smiled sweetly types merely to see that Christmas morningglow

at the little Santa Clausin-themaking, but she said in Fawn's or Freddie's faces, should remember that never a word. just around the corner somewhere there may be a

"Well,"Vern went on, "I've decided to get her father and mother who can't even buy a tin whistle;

a Christmas present."in fact, who may be short the actual necessities of life.

The mother listened. It is good sometimes just On Christmas morning the homes of people will

to listen to these mengrowing-up. declare the ages of the Santa Clauses living therein.

"I am going to get her a bath robe—one like If the best room, in the light of the Christmas globes

yours that's good and warm, so when she gets up at 5 a. m., is. filled to the brim with expensive toys

in the morning in her cold house, she can slip into and Christmas cheer, while around the corner there it and stay in it 'til she gets her fire started."is a home wherein there is despair for the want of

"And how will you get this bath robe?"the necessities, then that room will deny the Christianity

mother asked. of its inmates. If, in a home, the Christmas lights "I'll sell papers from now 'til Christmas—that shine upon gifts of usefulness, or even if there are

ought a do it."no lights to shine at all upon the meager offerings

It did. of loving souls, and somewhere there is another

He hoarded his money like a young Midas. home a little happier, a little less squalid, a little

Then one day some carpenters came into Vern's more comfortable because of the good offices of a tovicinity house. build a may Claus—a neighbor—one shinglesboards, the broken and Claus belongs to the Christian Helath—oddssaw the piecesand endsof knowsympatheticthat thatSantaSantaof lumber—and they gave him another idea. He age, and that the Master loves him and will visit

went to the builder and asked if he might gather him.

some of the smaller pieces to take over to Miss Lander // R frf

Introducing the Managing Editor New

Dr. Lowry Nelson

of the Brigham Young

University

a supply of western days, with TAKEtheir brilliant suns and flocculent clouds; add a liberal number of starstudded nights on the hill and plain; sprinkle

with a pinch of sagecovered vales, and mix with the clean winds, the changing seasons, and wholesome amount of friendliness, and you have an alloy not unlike that which those of us who know him, find in Harrison

R. Merrill, the new managing editor of the

Improvement Era. A true son of the west;

a bona fide product of Latterday Saint culture!

He was born November 13, 1884, in

Smithfield, Utah, but spent practically all of his childhood and youth in southern

Idaho. His father, Orrin J. Merrill, and his

mother, Elizabeth White, were pioneers on

Cub River, near Preston. Harrison still

harks back to his Cub River days with tenderness. It was there that he learned to love

the beauty of nature, and developed an undying loyalty to the hills, the canyons, the rivers, and all other things western.

i E wanted an education and he could get that only in Preston. So, in 1902, he

entered school in Preston, and graduated (Continued on page 87) ONIGHT, not one alone am I but three—-v

1 am, and he I was, the Man The LadHarrison R. Merrill years future coming the looks adown Who

And wonders at my sloth. His hopes and fears

Should goad me to the manly game

Of adding to the honor of my name.

I, grown old. I'm Fate to him—that chap that's

No matter how much stocks and lands and gold

I save for him, he can't buy back a single day

LOn which I built a pattern for his way.

I I, in turn, am product of that Boy

Who rarely thought of After Selves. His joy

Was in the present. He might have saved me woe

Had he but thought. The ways that I must go

Are his. He marked them all for me

And I must follow—and so must he

My Future Self—Unless I save him!

Save?—Somehow that word,

Savior?—Yes,Deep down, a preciousI'm saviorthoughtto thathas"Me,"stirred!

That thoughtful After Person whom I see!

The thought is staggering! I sit and gaie

At my two Other Selves, joint keepers of my days!

Master of Christmas, You dared to bleed and die

I That OTHERS might find life. How much more

Should willingly give up my present days

To lofty deeds; seek out the ways

?#liilt J9 Jit-F To build a splendid life. I should not fail

To set my feet upon the star bound trail

For him—that After Self. You said that he

Who'd lose his life should find it, and I know

You found a larger life, still live and grow.

Your doctrine was, so I've been told,o serve man.

I wonder if I'm doing all 1 can

To serve? Will serving help that Older Me

To be the man he'd fondly like to be?

Last night I passed a shack Where hunger lurked. I must go back

And take a lamb. Is that the message of the Star

Whose rays, please God, can shine this far?

Tonight, not one alone am I but three

The Lad I was, the Man 1 am, and he

Who is my Future Self—nay, more,

I am HIS savior—that thought makes me four!

Master of Christmas, that Star of Thine shines dearBless Thou the four of me—out here!

&. -ff;*"St

? -*f Greatness in Men

resident Charles W. Nibley

Far /West, Missouri, in By the turbulent days of per- S.AT secution, Joseph F. Smith BRYANT influence HINCKLEYwas born—a nan whose

and companionship have meant President of more to Charles W. Nibley than Liberty Stake

any other person in the world except his heroic Scotch mother and members of his own family.

In September, 1848, with his widowed mother, and other courageous souls, Joseph F. Smith

came to Utah, a boy ten years of age. Nineteen years after, he was

made an apostle and went to Cache

Valley where, for the second time

President Nibley, then a Scotch lad eighteen years of age, met him.

A friendship was established between these men which continued to grow stronger and brighter until death separated them.

It was a fortunate thing for any man to know intimately Joseph F. Smith. He possessed a

solidarity of character and an uncoquerable heart. President Smith

was the Jcind of man whose friends would die for him, for they knew he would be true unto death. He

loved Charles W. Nibley with all

the strength and fervor of his great heart and this love was returned to him |in full measure, and thus was built up a friendship that was deep, enduring, and beautiful. To

know intimately either of these men is to think better of mankind.

Nibley HPHRIFT, caution, and economy President Charles W.

are the national characteristics A Scotch lad comes to America, herds sheep on people of Scotland. of the sturdy the hills of Cache Valley where he memorizes Shakeare references humorous Many

made to their caution in giving, speare, climbs the rough road to success financially, but that little land has given to socially and, best of all, spiritually. Among his

the world more than its full share of genius and of greatness. numerous friends was one especially belovedJoseph

There are very few individuals F. Smith, former President of the L. D. S. Church.

70 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

from any land who have made a While he has been a conspicuous tent which we used in crossing the better contribution to the church leader in the industrial and finanplains, and which had grown so of their choice than that wise and cial world he has never slackened stiff and hard being weatherbeaten devoted Scotch Bishop, now presin his allegiance to his church, and in so many storms, and a shirt ident, Charles W. Nibley. His all his life he has been a prayerful, made of the same material, that

parents were of humble extraction thoroughgoing Latterday Saint, when it touched my back or sides but of sterling worth. As is freThe proof of his early poverty is it nearly took the skin off, but it

quently the case, their distinguishgraphically set down in his "Remwas the best I had and all I had.

ed son received miscences, which A rope tied around my waist was his best inheriwill be a cherished legused to hold my pants up and tance from his acy to his posterity. my shirt down. I can remember

mother. His At the time referred to that when I was hungry at dinner

sagacity and enhere the family was time about the only thing I could terprise, the living in Wellsville, do to help my stomach was to strength of his Utah, and he was tighten my rope."

character, the about twelve years old.

brilliancy of his "Our breakfasts pEATURE that boy clothed as mind, his spirit were of the scantiest he was, fed as he was, the o f adventure, kind,"says he, "a home in which he lived, much of his indomitable little wheat porridge the time without shoes, without courage were all without much milk a coat until he was sixteen years distinctly maniand a little of the of age, and see him thirty years fest in her life later, confident, and character. prosperous, recOur admira- I ognized; giving

tion for this employment in good woman mills, factories, rises with every and on raildifficult situaroads to thoution in which sands of happy this family finds workmen.

itself. She was "There is a

a shining exampath which ple of those leads from the Puritanic virlowliest depths tues which unto the loftiest derlie all sucheights."His

cessful colonifeet have pressed z a t i o n and that path.

which permeate Not every the lives of men poor boy can and women do what he did, who constitute but every boy the back bone can draw inspiration and of the world. from the Nibley's encouragement Upper—President story of his achievement wonderNo her Mother, Jean Wilson Nibley.

son cherishes, and resolve that he will not be the victim of hiswith reverent in CenterScotland.The Nibley Homepride, her memenvironment. No matterory, for she Lower—President Nibley's how hard or lowly hiswas, indeed, an Father—James Nibley. circumstances may be,

extraordinary opportunity is calling to woman. him and there is work

for him to do if he will QHARLES W. NIBLEY is a brown o r only get ready.

man of large vision and courblack bread In that humble pioneer age, with a rare capacity for bringwithout home in Wellsville, the ing things to pass. This, coupled butter. In living may have been

with a keen sense of values and the mornscant and the comforts sound business judgment, enabled ing I was furnished a piece of may have been very few, but in him to rise rapidly in the world. bread for my dinner as I would Jean Nibley's home, no matter

Alone, without prestige or favor, start off on the hills with the cows, how poor, there was never any of he fought his way from abject but my dinner was devoured bethat squalor or wretchedness which poverty to affluence and power. fore I got half a mile away from sometimes manifests itself in povNo man prominently identified our camp and I had to go hungry erty. Charles W. Nibley certainly

with this Church has displayed until evening. About the only had what S. S. McClure said he

superior capacity for successfully clothing I had at that time was hoped to bequeath to his children, carrying forward large projects. a pair of pants made from the "the advantages of poverty."

The Improvement Era for December, 1931 71 nPO go back to the beginning wanted rock, which meant hard new wagon, two yoke of oxen,

President Nibley was born candy. I answered with sufficient and two cows. They left Florence

near Edinburgh, Scotland, Februself-denial, /'No, I am no wantin'on June 17, 1860, and were little ary 5, 1849. His father, James rock, I want peens and needles less than three. months making the

Nibley, a coal miner, was a quiet, for my mother."I took the pins journey to Salt Lake City. PresiGod-fearing, inoffensive man with and needles to my mother, told dent Nibley, then a boy eleven,

many sterling qualities and a rich her my story with all the pride walked barefoot most of the way.

I recollect the can world. is a suggestion Therevein how of thrift Scotch of dry and in wit—keen

tears in in this incident: she picked withincisive. up me "After the cows the Presiis where That

dent gets his engaging and delighther eyes, rejoicing I suppose, at were milked in the morning, the ful humor. His mother, Jean Wilmy selfdeni- milk not used

son Nibley, "was all energy and al and cried, was put in a tin push and seemed never to tire of 'Aye, m y churn and strapworking and scheming to get on b o n n y ped on the side in of the and the world; withal wagon she had pure bairn."\

thrift Scotch by noon it would and prudence and could save a little money where hphe fam- b e thoroughly most people would starve. She 1 ny came churned; the

was of a religious temperament t o America butter could be with a deep vein of spirituality. in 18 5 5, gathered and the

Life was a seributtermilk had ous thing with for lunch."

Right Charles—Wilson Their arrival her, an almost Nibley at the age of 24.

desperate thing in the valley is

Lower NibLeft—Charlie as foldescribedin she which ley in his first suit clothes. of

for Monhad no time "On material The was by lows: woven

levity or play; his mother. day, September

6 0, we for onlybut 3, 18 Right Lower—President of the out or prayerswork Nibley plays a good game of came

and religious golf. canyon on the

activity. But bench near Fort

for sagacity and Douglas, and I thrift my mothcan very well reer was the savmember with ior of the famwhat joy we looked upon ily. It was a the little growing city in

stern, hard life the.wilderness. We felt

they had to live, that all our troubles and one of unremittrials were at an end * * * ting toil and when, as a matter of fact, penury, but they had just begun."

they struggled on, never falter- f")N arriving they camped ing and made on Eighth ward Square the best of it."and very soon thereafter

moved to Wellsville, Cache When asked Valley, and were among how he made its earliest settlers. During

his first dollar the pall he gleaned wheat he did not say barefoot with his mother.

but related this They would carry home circumstance: "I on their backs the bundles

must have been of wheat which they had four or five gleaned and then scrub it years of age out on a washboard. To

when this hapget a half a bushel of pened. I visited wheat in that way was a

my Aunt Sneddon who gave me steerage passage on a sailing vesgood day's work for both of them.

a penny. On my way home from sel, a voyage requiring six weeks. The other members of the family

this visit I met what the Scotch They settled first in Rhode Island, were busy getting logs, building call a "packman"; that is a pedwhere some of Mrs. Nibley's relashelter for their cattle, and a dugdler selling pins, needles, trinkets tives lived, and for five years most out in which to live. This dugof one kind and another and a of them worked in the cotton out was their first home in Utah.

little candy, carrying his whole mills. During this time they saved It was one room, twelve by sixteen

store on his back. I held up my sufficient money to fit themselves feet, consisting of an excavation

penny to the packman who threw out for their journey to Utah. of about three feet, with logs laid

his pack at once on the ground, They went by rail to Florence, up for another three feet, making opened it up and asked me if I Nebraska, where they purchased a (Continued on page 92) 7swo Strong eJfen By X ALWAYS thought Warrison R. Mem//

of Kipling's Bal- "The?.* Illustrated bylad of East and West"

whenever I saw Coach Paul S. Clowes

Bob Granger and Walt Z u m w a 1 1 together.

They were as unlike as a college coach and a New Mexican cowboy could be, but they were of the heman breed of which the English bard wrote. Coach Bob was

a bit noisy, and Zumwalt was as silent as the sands of his own state, but they had plenty in common.

I remember yet Coach Bob's enthusiasm when he returned from New Mexico the fall I was a junior and told me of Zumwalt, Zum, as he was always called from the first day he wore a Polk University moleskin.

"I have found a man"he said to me on our first day of football practice.

We had drifted on to the campus from the farms, the range, the mines, and the woolens trails—from all the

places where college students spend their summers—and were chinning a bit before getting

down to practice. Coach

Bob was in a gay mood and talkative, for he had him first. We had just ridden up to a herd of cattle

back again one of the wiriest Polker outfits that that was milling ground as the cowboys rode among

I think—when a bighad ever graced the grid at Polk at any one time. them—looking for mavericks,

"Found him down near the Rio Grande,"Coach Texas steer with horns like a couple of fence rails, footdarted out of the bunch and made for a rough counBob continued. "And—he's never yet seen a

ball."try not a hundred yards away.

He grinned his appreciation of our surprise. "It happened |in less than ten seconds, all of it.

"But he can learn,"he continued. Yells from the cowboys brought a horse after the

"Must be as big as a mountain and as fast as an steer. On his back, was a dusty, freckled kid with

antelope,"Dave Spencer said. Dave was one of the narrow eyes that flashed like knifeblades as he passed

best halfbacks with whom I have ever ranged a grid. me. I thought the case was hopeless, when that kid

replied. stuck out a hand as his horse reached the steer's "Not so big—not so fast,"Coach Bob

"Then why the rosy glasses?"Dave inquired. side, grasped a horn, and jumped.

it, but the steer's head "Nerve! Spirit! Courage—that's what he's got,""I don't know how he did

Coach Bob went on. "Let me tell you how I saw went down and the old boy did a flip flop and landed

"Write us a football story "was one of the last requests the present managing editor had from Hugh J. Cannon, the former managing editor,

who believed strongly in the youth of America. "Two Strong Men"is

the result.

Zum was too fast for us when he once got under way.

He shot through the struggling line and out into the open.

with that kid frozen to his horns and nose. The JVIOST of us, I must confess were disapsteer must have weighed nearly twelve hundred pointed when he came stumping into the gymnasium,

pounds, but ihe couldn't wiggle. Talk about your his legs a little bowed and his shoulders a little

tackles, that was it! stooped as from long sitting in the saddle. He

"Right there I scraped an acquaintance and invited carried in jhis hand a wide Stetson, new and white the kid up to play football. He'll be here when for the occasion, I suppose. His 'hair, a sort of walschool starts or I can't read the hearts of men any nutstain auburn, had not been trimmed for a couple

more. He's a high school graduate, but he's been of months and curled around his ears and hung

out two or three years, at least. Now, when that in draketails on his temples. His face was freckled,

boy hits one of those big mooses over at Loyola, and thin lips and a pair of cobalt eyes as steady as the he'll simply knock a hole in 'm."sun, gave him a certain air of solidity.

Coach Bob had told his story so well that every He wasn't as big as we had expected to find him, man on the team was eager to get a squint at Zumand he didn't look muscular, but when I looked into walt as soon as he arrived; and he did arrive, sure his eyes, I knew I was in the presence of a tremendous

enough, on the opening day of registration. force. He exuded power.

74 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

Zum had a hard time learning football, but howThe following year I was elected captain of the he did eat up the training, even to the skull practices. Polkers. Zum had grown a bit during the sumHe seemed determined to know the game in theory mer and was as tough as an iron Indiaji when

as well as in practice from the kickoff to the point he returned from the deserts and lined up for the after touchdown. He simply wouldn't rest until he first time that fall. I liked him better than ever

had learned the signals and had run them through as I gripped his hand during that first practice. He

forward and back. was one of those birds that just made you sure he

Since he was only a freshman, he was ineligible was solid clean to the core. Captains like such felto play Varsity football, but Old Coach Bob watched lows on the team.

the cowpuncher with a pride that slopped over into Zum had had a football with him all summer praise whenever he had an attentive audience. and had mastered the art of punting as well as he

"He's going to be better previously had done the than I thought,"he said art of blocking, tackling, to us one day. "That Zum straightarming, passing,

fella's going to zoom when and the remainder of the we get him up here on the game. When I saw his

Polker team. Why he educated toe lift the oval

knows more football now as high as the poplars than some men could learn around our practice field, if they played a thousand I knew that one, Walt years in kingdom come."Zumwalt, would be my

I was playing center, chief punter.

and the Coach often had a few of us in for skull TkHAT first night rambles. At such times he as I was dressing old

used to get started on the Coach Bob came along new kid. and sat down beside me.

"Ain't he a Polker!"

ix LL eyes were he exclaimed with no inon Zum. We were all just "That kid stuck out a troduction.

a trifle jealous of the hold hand as his horse reached I nodded. I knew to

he had On the Coach. To the steer's side, grasped a whom he was referring.

US he looked good, but We horn, and jumped.""I knew he was a find

couldn't see in him any the minute I saw him go superman. He was just a freckled faced kid with a after that old Texas steer,"the Coach went on. "He's

gift for absorbing punishment and a pair of eyes got the nerve—would tackle a she lion and steal herthat always looked where he was going and—cleared cubs, and Jamsey's cousins, how he runs with that

the way. ball!"

One day we were in the Coach's office when Benny In practice Zum was as much of a machine man

Fowler, the frosh coach, came in. Coach Bob imas one would wish to have. He followed the plays

mediately began upon his favorite subject—Zum. with an accuracy that was satisfying to me as well

"Zum's all right,"Benny finally said, "but he's as to the Coach. We both thought that the Titian-

a poor team man. He develops too many original haired cowboy had, at last, been changed into a

ideas. His ideas are often good, but he certainly team man. Then along came our first game.

wrecks the team work."We were pitted against Loyola, a nifty outfit,

Coach Bob grinned. though lighter than we. We were carefully wised

"Fine!"said he, rubbing his hands. "Selfreliant, up on their plays, and the game, so far as we were

eh? That's the kind of a man I like."concerned, was a cut and dried affair. Coach Bob

Benny growled back: "I do too, but I don't like outlined the campaign to the last detail. All we

'em foo selfreliant."had to do was go out and obey instructions. Loyola

"Wait until I get him up in the Varsity squad,"had had two weeks'advantage of us in practice and

Coach Bob crowed. "Up here he can be as selfwe all knew that we would have to play tight ballreliant as he wants to be—so long as he wins."or lose. Coach Bob would rather take an eighteen

"But you'll find you can't make a clicking team day diet on rat bait than lose to Loyola—hence the

so long as he's in it,"Benny answered. "An off care with which he had outlined the play.

tackle play may be called, but our friend, Zum, somewhere else with the ball. You nevermay zum the third well into battled had We aboutcan tell him."side. the score a had quarter without on either We

"Why do you keep him in your main string ball on our own seventeen yard line when I passed then?"Coach Bob inquired, his squint eyes boring it to Zum on a signal that was to appear to be a

into Benny. pass but which, in reality, was to be a line buck.

Benny twisted a little at that; then he said half Our ends went wide and fast calling for the ball.

apologetically: "Because he's about eight of the Zum stepped back as he was supposed to do before

team."taking his plunge.

Coach Bob chuckled. "It's a fake pass! A fake pass!"the Loyola men

"Of course he is, and he has it in him to be ten cried as they darted into the line. "Watch out for

if the occasion ever comes. Just needs somebody a line smash."

to throw him the ball."(Continued on page 124)

ddies Life By William A. Hyde

IFE, like an everflowing river, has its rapids, and its eddies. In

uEddies of Life"President William A. Hyde, of

the Pocatello Stake, in h charming style, talks pleasantly and wisely of some of these gentle whirlpools.

his to be bent shouluponTHE time—the present. The lem which worries him. A weight serted wife, or listening to the arprofessional of gument some in a court seems room place—a his face a ders, and wears preocgrafter. these things seem to How a small Western house in

is not alone in swirl and revolve around this ofcity, which is a County seat. The cupied look. He

room is unpretentious, almost the room; for, hanging above his fice! He is led to think, by the

dingy, as are many court rooms; head, grim, resolute, selfconfident variety and swiftness with which

it is furnished more like the office and wise, hangs a picture of Thethey come, of the swift revolving of a small business man than a disodore Roosevelt. As a sort of poeddies of a stream. He recalls bepensary of justice. litical and social demigod, he ing seated, when a boy, by the

looks little the a river at down upon of room. banks and wondering

is at signing desk, his judge The the this judge represents hero To the waters. the of mystery From filing legal papers.and some He like he what his acwould current, in the deep out somewhere own

is elderly hair, scant an with man, tions decisions in this is and to is there forever a room which power resent white.almost would He be. face at he Sometimes looks the swirling, forcing to the shore the

isthe charge that one he from any the on sees wall fancies ceasehe and he flood seething, which hungry forbald, of the of the waste out the expression in change lessly approval the eats into banks. He closely toyears in the addition or disapproval of tries he has the of what to the study formation

the covering that adornstrimmed done. are eddies, to they but myshim

sides his carefully of head, has he teries. get their they doubt Nopreserved This fringe a is old the the along morning injudge

current. the energy main from clined to is be meticulousparting,time contemplative which and or place seeming have no They reminiscent, laid judicial across is hisly but there dome, work are alike of purpose, no two them certain angles, which,and from ahead for to is do, him he and swift, are they merely to him

least atpresents a of hint what thinking of the schedule the of forces, bringing powerful upon there. existed Ifonce hairs the of day. will There be the pure- a their surface for flotsam whichone's ever the are head numbered, ly.legal office, his of work is appears, suckthen and moment

is is fringe sure this thatjudge making provisions for the poor the into depths. ed down catalogued.counted and the of county, the studying

ROM his appearance, the judge cases of delinquencies of the juve-! IFE, thinks the judge, is somemight be taken for a student niles who may be brought before thing like the river, and these

who is burdened with some probhim, hearing the plea of some de- (Continued on page 93).Daughter qA,:;;-?: v:w;.S-::K:.::.>'!::;.'-.-.-.-..vyi.:;-.:-,. 1

By Ivy Williams Stone

Chapter Five

LORIA taught little Petet G,C's. With the aid of a counting his A B

frame he was soon able to cipher. He sat

beside his mother whenever she cared for the babies or did work in the house. His tongue

stuck out between his lips, his freckled forehead drew together"in a concentrated pucker as the tousled head bent industriously over a slate, and a broken pencil scratched figures.

Quotient, that was the five when you put six into thirty. The thirty was the dividend; the six was the divisor.

Truly the Lord had answered Gloria's prayers in respect to Peter. He had a quick,

clear mind, and unbounded energy. Soon he

trudged off to school, carrying a little lunch box, and wearing boots because the road was covered with slush, snow and water.

Gloria had Bruce drive Peter to school, and afterward Bruce often drove up Cripple

Creek where Lott Gascom still made cheese, and the artful Lulu always had roasted pine nuts on hand. Gloria dared not send Nancy

to school; it was too far for so young a

child. So Nancy took up the slate and the

broken pencil and the McGuffy's. First Reader

with the illustrated alphabet.

"A noun is the name of any thing

Hoop, garden, rope or swing."

quoted Gloria as she churned, or knitted or sewed or mixed bread.

"Schooling isn't what it used to be,"sighed Aunt Catherine. "They teach children such queer stuff these days. Now, I was

educated. My mother was fifth lady in waiting to Queen Victoria—God bless her soul—and she knew what education really meant.

The name of every king of England, and the important things in their lives. William the Conbetter by far to learn how to care for the body

queror in 1066, Harold at the battle of Hastings, than to know what names doctors give to the difCharles whom the wicked Oliver Cromwell beheaded. ferent parts. She says we need fresh air in the

I could make a courtesy and work a sampler. I rooms where we sleep, and that people eat too much

knew the name of every bone in the human body meat. She's got a brush to clean her teeth."

tibia, fibia, radius, ulna, femur, phalanges, scapula—"

"Our teacher says that's no way to learn,"inter- 1 HERE'S too much fresh air in this rupted Peter patronizingly. "We got a book that house all the time,"Aunt Catherine drew closer to

tells about them things, too, but teacher says it's the stove and put in another stick of wood. "A brush

ofzJlfCartha "The following summer Southern Utah Indians threatened trouble again.

All the Northern tribes felt a sympathy Warpainted braves with eagle feathers and bulging quivers, passed the ranch."

A week later Peter listened cautiously at the parlor door. Aunt Catherine was launched on

her favorite song

"Happy and glorious Long to reign over us."

He dashed up to her room, hoping to open a window.

The odor of a closely shut room had been growing more offensive to his sensitive nostrils week after week. Every

sash was nailed down. A few days

later while he was practising with the air rifle which Bruce had given him, a bullet unaccountably went astray and crashed a window in that room where air was forbidden to enter. "He did it on purpose!"cried

In which Peter decides that he Aunt Catherine in great indignation.

must carve his life out for himself 'These new fangled if he is to realize his ambitions; and notions! Cold air to

poison my lungs.

he makes a beginning. In my day Peter

would have been for the hair would be all I would ask. Fancy, an severely thrashed for such presumption. Wasting

open window in a bedroom! It would cause pneumoney on brushes for teeth and letting air into rooms

monia. If I had my way, Gloria my child, that where it is not wanted!"

teacher would pack her belongings and take the night train to other parts. Women weren't made HERE was no extra pane of glass on for teachers, either. Peter says she hasn't whipped the ranch, Tand Jonas seemed not even to hear Aunt

one single child!"Catherine's pointed remarks about the incident. She

Gloria motioned Peter to silence and whispered, pasted the hole over with flour and factory; she

'I will get you one of those tooth brushes some day."pushed her high backed, mahogany bed against the

78 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

offending window, still the insidiout a thought to consequences he to have the redhaired child. That

ous drafts of cold poison drifted repeated night she remained up longer than in, which she translated as omens usual. The four children were

of direful calamity. "Lo, the poor Indian, whose untutored asleep; the dishes and milk pails

mind in the stream and eke in the were washed, the bread was mixed. Letters bearing a foreign post Sees God

mark began coming to the county wind."Aunt Catherine with her door

seat. The vigilance of a certain locked and her windows all closed

overseas government might be "That Eastern poet had never was burning precious oil, while slow, but it was unending. The been West,"scoffed Jonas. "He'd she read Dora Thome again. Jonas

sheriff came to the Whitman never seen the lazy rascals. Better slept in the spare room, in order

ranch, where he and Jonas rethe words of the parody: not to be annoyed by the cries

the babies. of in themained closeted library, "Humph! The dirty Indian and his dirtier an intuitive urge, GloObeyingscanning law books. Together squaws

they made several trips to the Who ask that the whites fill up their ria went out for a final inspection.

cheese factory of Lott Gascom. paws!"She could not forget the Indian.

That gentleman learned that disThe cows were peacefully chewing

I tell "Go, cackle lazy, dirtheir as she a cuds; drowsycretion in flight. lay He learned you—you rascal!"the chicken coop proved openedthat Lulu, born, could ty American

hold lands in her own right. He the chickens were undisturbed; the

all closed. were doors Nothbarn that fields inlearned the of gold Indian answered iHE dogs. sleepy disturbed ing the had selCalifornia a past man's was word. no his looked about, He disaster. felt Still Gloria impending his identity questioned,dom eyes lighting field the upon where a hot whiff of wind, the Suddenly lost. laboriouslyquickly He a large, well alstack of formed week, a for continued had which deeds certain his toscratched name falfa being It a topped. was was the her unmistakable brought all his transferred propertywhich beautiful stack a felt Jonas and she Instantly of smoke. friendly in darkto Lulu. Then pride surging the over fodder he at the stack hay parts hastilyness, for departed he knew—fireodor storing was against the winter. to stop did not. She summon as described "West."vaguely eyes of the The Indian lighted as ran, aid, she but done had

with vengeful lust, with no word her youth, with all her fine viin 1 HE following sumof protest he spurred his horse tality keyed to one objective. The

mer southern Utah Indians threatand rode away. stacks were a quarter mile from

ened trouble again. All the northJonas retold the incident at supthe house; a hard choking pain

ern tribes felt a sympathy. Warper; he laughed at the complete came in her chest, but still she

painted braves, with eagle feathers rout of the Indian, thinking that ran. There was no mistaking the

his cutting tones penehad the only quivers, passed and bulging those hired odor. One of men

trated. never fancied He for always did not ranch. But they a cigarette doubtless one had thrown

pass. More and more frequently moment but that the Indian was stub into the grass. Jonas was on his way toward southern or well food, stopped, demanding they too lenient with them. Men who Utah. clothing. oats Whenand often near had dry smoked no business

ever she was alone Gloria gave to But Gloria did not share in the hay.

them. It was her only recourse. general laughter. She felt a queer She ran around the stack to the

The twins, just learning to walk intuition that the incident was not farther side where she collided on unsteady weak legs, hid in her closed. She recalled the Indian with a stalwart, half naked man,

skirts at the sight of the painted of the plains who had determined whose bare shoulders glistened in horsemen. Nancy ran screaming the moonlight. In his hands he

in fright. Peter acted as water boy carried a burning brand. A look

to the hay makers, so he was selof diabolical cunning marked his dom at home. Jonas, coming in bronze features.

hot and weary one afternoon from solitary a encountered hayfield, the that only Knowing the into just turning Indian feed the home the hay which would lane. cows which would, in turn, feed

"Go away, you lazy loafer!"her children, was about to be

ordered Jonas. He was weary and burned, Gloria knocked the torch

irritated. It was enough to have from his hands before she even

hay over dry, to have an annoying looked at his face. Then stampwind and a broken derrick, withing furiously upon the smoulderout these trouble making, natives to ing stick she looked into the face

feed. "Go away!"he repeated. of a war painted Indian.

molasses stop "Please—no i—no—don't—cows oats. he pointed Go!"cried incoherently. babies!"she bread—no"No sugar

sternly to the highway, but the The Indian grunted and moved

Indian remained. to push her aside, but Gloria per-

"Heap hungry!"he pleaded. sisted:

Across Jonas'mind flitted some "If you burn (the hay the cows poetry which he had once read. starve—my babies starve!"She

It seemed peculiarly apt and with- (Continued on page 115) oy to the World

\ A Pageant Play of five scenes C* depicting the story of the / % Birth of the Christ Child. 2

Cast of Characters:

Hebrew Patriarch Herod, king of the Jews Herod's Councilors Herod Js Messenger Three JVise Men Mary, the mother of Jesus Joseph, the carpenter Five shepherds Travelers, men, women and children

Prologue (The Hebrew Patriarch appears in costume before the curtain and recites the woes of his people. This recital may be

preceded by ancient Hebrew chants or the choir may sing "By the Waters of Babylon.")

COSTUMES. Where it is not posside Bethlehem. Rocks can be made shepherds can approach from the aisle

sible to rent costumes they can be of piles of irregular boxes covered with of the hall.

easily and cheaply made—unbleached canvas. Large branches of evergreens MUSIC. The effect will be better

muslin (factory) is very effective under may be nailed to boards back of the if the angel singing and the choir are lights, and can be dyed any color. boxes, so as to give the appearance of concealed from the audience. There

Dull colors, such as brown and small growing trees. A blue back drop should be transitional music between

dark green for the shepherds. The is needed to give the appearance of sky. the scenes. The 23rd Psalm has been

garment can be cut kimono shape, The shepherd's fire is made by coverput to music and could be used folmade to slip on over the head and long ing a flash light with red and yellow lowing the scene with the shepherds.

cheese cloth and at the waist a little to blouseenough placing a few sticks NOTE it. of over wood or string. cord withwhen tied

Orient,"Kings J. Three of "We by be should robes Wise Scene in The the King's room A

a H. Hopkins, voices trio for male may colgailybrilliant Palace. of high chair kingly placed II.A in color—stripsMen's to II. used introduce be Scene Handel's pasted adds cretonne, or sewed a raisedored on on platform covered with and

a Messiah has solos of that number may richness. to the rugs, wear should gives the necessary They atmosphere. as transitional be used the between music

many strings of beads and bright turScenes IV and V are the stable. Ideas Scenes.

bans. for the stable may be had from some of STAR. The star can be made of

Herod's robes can be made of cheap the famous paintings of the Nativity. bright tin or silver paper and hung

shiny cambric and decorated with gilt It should be large enough for the from the ceiling by a small wire or paper pasted ion in a design. The WISE MEN and shepherds to enter thread. A spot light turned on the

of gilt be papercrown can made star gives it a effect. bright with without being foot crowded—colored glasscolored for jewels. beads sewed on is If a stage available, these not lights or spot lights to should be used

The hair and beards of the men can cast a warm glow, as there should be scenes can be given in the ward chapels be made of the braided ropes of imi- a bright cheerful light over this scene. as a series of tableaux, using colored

tation hair which can be bought by the A box on legs forms a manger. Mary spot lights.

yard. sits a stool near light a flash on can and Prologue in white, should be robed Mary be in concealed the that so manger Patriarch Hebrew the laments HE a cloak vividwith blue. of is face Mary's illumined as she bends -* condition of his people.

over cradle. the

is "Woe, me: old woe and worn Scenes

If the stage is small, a runway should though I am, to Bethlehem must I

Scenes I and III. The country outbe arranged so that the Wise Men and (Continued on page 96)

Illustration by PAUL S. CLOWES

The Ghrtstmas Tree By Florence Hartman Townsend

T JLN the ranch kitchen there was everyevidence of approaching festivities. Mrs. Autrey v

was beating the batter for a huge fruit cake while her niece, Alene, sat on a;high stool, her slender

legs entwined with the legs of the stool, beating eggs. Three flaky mince pies cooled on the table

while a batch of fudge bubbled on the stove.

"Oh, Aunty!"The rhythmic beating stopped

and the egg whisk clattered on the edge of the platter. Alene looked up with brightening eyes.

"Let's have a tree!"

Her aunt, a strong, masculineappearing woman, looked up from testing the batter. "Huh?"

"Let's have a Christmas tree,"Alene repeated, but her voice had lost some of its exuberant ring. y

She resumed her eggbeating with the air of one who had said or done the wrong thing.

Mrs. Autrey set the green crock down.with a

thud and looked at Alene with an expression of mingled pity and exasperation.,

"A Christmas tree! No! What, in heaven's

name would we do with a Christmas tree? We're

not expecting any children here are, we?"

Alene swallowed painfully, then bolstered her courage for one last effort. "But they're such fun WJmmi

and so pretty!"

"Bosh! They're messy, you mean, and expensive and silly—for grown folks. Give me them

eggs. And there, you're fudge's boiled xover! See

what happens when your mind wanders off on such truck."

With resentfully flaming cheeks Alene rescued "Oh, Flake, please the fudge, set it aside to.spoil utterly, and with take me home."

head high marched out of the kitchen. "Right note?"

"Yes, right now.'"

V OR a few minutes she stood undecided in her room, then she jerked on jacket and cap with much energy and went out of the house, defiantly choosing to leave by way of the kitchen.

The Improvement Era for December, 1931 81

Wherein a stubborn young lady insists few minutes later able. I don't ask for much, Flake,

he was swinging you know I don't."

on having a Christmas tree and some of across the winter- "Of course I know it, precious,"the joys which accompany it. bleached grassland he said tenderly, "but still we at a pace that prommust remember that—

ised soon to over- "Remember what? That I'm

Unfortunately Aunty's back was take the shorter stride of the girl, under obligations to her, I suppose.

turned and her leavetaking lost "Hey!"That I must be a sweet, obedient

some of its zest. She got a,hand Alene wheeled, smiling to meet child so she'll will me her ranch.

axe from the kindling box and his smile. They continued their Well, I won't! I'm tired of being

put out over the range back of the walk together for some minutes in reminded that I'm beholden to sheepfolds and barns. Cedars were silence, Flake having relieved her Aunty. I'm tired of being afraid

scarce enough in this section but of the axe and tucked her fingers to call my soul my own because

Alene remembered having seen into the crook of his arm. I'm under obligations to her. As

some few scrubby ones in the if I haven't earned everything I've washes somewhere out there and ever had there. The idea of having

she meant to have one. It would to ask Aunty if I may have a

need to be a small one since she Christmas tree! I'll show her!"

must set it up in her own room. "But it's Mrs. Autrey's house,

Well, never mind, it would be a Alene."

Christmas tree anyway.

the batter for the got Aunty turned on ALENE cake into thebig oven pan and the blazing eyes. him with 'There

at last. She had concentrated so you go, taking up sides with her.

busthisintently important upon have I might I might known—oh,iness that been only vagueshe had have would! Lots you you known

ly aware of Alene's departure. care about me, Flake Bailey, or

as the sight of the fudgeNow, for care Lots you my pleasure. eye recalled she the herpan met whether Christ- I have a happy

incident with an exclamation. mas."What did Alene mean by leaving

listen to reason."the fudge for her to beat? Where "Now Alene,

had she gone anyway? She opened "I won't listen to anything. Go

the door and looked out. Why, talk to Aunty, and jdon't ever

she was going out on the range speak to me again!"

flung herself She had from him off her She yankedwith—full tilt and plunged now downspectacles, her. wiped them on

apron, replaced them and looked the hill toward home, tears blindagain. Yes, she had an axe over "It does seem that when a feling her, sobs choking her, while

her shoulder. Um. She didn't low's best girl starts out for a Flake stood still and watched. He

exactly like the set of Alene's head winter walk that she'd just naturrubbed his chin reflectively.

ally let "Poor kid. the Aunty NoDon't fellow know so he vigorous the shenor was takway

trial."of a is something too."go slope.ing that be could Alene could

troublesome when she set her head. Alene looked up and down and The two of them had given her

blushed and chuckled. this name long since because it

MiRS. A U TREY know"Butit whenherselftheuntilbestshe'dgirl starteddidn't verseexpressedattitudeso completelytoward everythingher percame in and closed the door. Her—"she laughed. others wanted to do.

lips were set. She marched to the "And why didn't she know it? Alene stopped at the barn long

telephone in the hall. A moment A frown followed the smile. enough to have her cry out, then

later this onesided conversation "Oh, Aunty NoDon't has got she entered the house by the front might have been heard. one of her stubborn spells on,"door and went quietly to her

is she shrugged. room. Once there she closed the 'That you, Flake?—This

all right. Are It was with difficulty that Flake door and began hastily packing aMrs. Autrey—I'm

suitcase. She changed her frock,you busy?—Well, Alene's took maintained a sober exterior.

one of her stubborn spells and "And over simply nothing! I donned her best coat and hat,

just wanted a Christmas tree."counted her money, and then withgone out on the range—Oh, she

got a silly notion about wantin'a 'And she didn't, eh?"her suitcase in one hand and her

Christmas tree. The idea, at her "She didn't."purse in the other she went out

it "What are you going to do to the garage. Her eyes brightenedage! If she's a kid, now—but

don't do to give in to 'er, Flake. about it?"at sight of the mangy little car

She might's well learn right now "I'm going after the tree! You'll she had bought with her savings

she can't have everything her way help me, won't you?"She looked of two frugal years.

in the world. Yes, I wish you up at him appealingly. It was uncertain both as to age

if disposition, "But Aunty NoDon't says and but loved it Alene don't, mind—Well, no, sisterly with almost a affection. why——Goodbye."would if you don't

Flake Bailey hung up the re- "Why we'll just do it anyway! She heaved in the baggage and

ceiver and reached for his hat. A She's no cause to be so unreasonseating herself behind the worn

82 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

steering wheel she soon had the her journey, with Flake now on went outside to see how it looked motor whirring. No one could the trail, keeping as far behind from the street. It was beautiful!

say truthfully that it purred, but as he dare not to lose her. She was standing on the opposite

its rattle was vigorous and reasAlene had been to Derbyville side of the street admiring it with suring. She backed it out and went before. She and her aunt had atglowing pride which lit up her

bounding away in the direction of tended the state fair there the fall face and made her beautiful.

town. before and had taken rooms at a Then suddenly someone touched

Flake had stood andnice generalboardinglocationhouse, ofthewhichaddressshe her"Hello,elbow. kid. Lonesome?"

looking after Alene for several remembered, and to that place she minutes, then studied the toe of directed her now steaming chariot. ixLENE looked up inhis boot and at last had swung She rented the choice front room to the face of a stranger. With a

off across the hill toward home. upstairs. She wanted to sit at the little choking cry she darted away

It did seem a shame the kid great window and watch the traffic and into the house, taking the couldn't have a tree. But he knew and listen to the strange city stairs with quaking knees. Inside

Mrs. Autrey. She didn't want noises. She wanted to see the she locked herself in and sank to

her immaculate house cluttered up people on joyous holiday errands, the floor terrified. She was afraid

with cedar boughs and drippings coming home with bundles and to move into the circle of light of candles and bits of tinsel and holly wreaths and jolly little everfrom the little tree lest the man popcorn. greens to set up before parlor winin the street observe her. Finally

Mrs. Autrey did not worry dows. She loved the way the she crawled on hands and knees

about Alene after she sent Flake spruces by the doorways were to the side of the window and on her trail, and Flake did not ablaze with colored lights, and the drew down the shade. She was

worry about her after she left him. windows hung with wreaths and alone in her room. The door was

So it was not until Mrs. Autrey ribbons. Everybody kept Christlocked, the blind drawn. The gay

went upstairs and caught a glimpse mas here, and it was so bustling little tree was fairly quivering of Alene's room in the utmost disand gay and alive! Best of all. with holiday spirit, but its magic

order that she learned the truth, she was going to be a part of it! was gone. Her heart no longer

for there was a note on Alene's She would buy a tree and light responded to its rich and varied dresser that told the whole story. and decorate it and let its glory glory, for it was gripped in the

It read: "I have gone to the city shine forth from her big front icy hand of fear. She wanted

to live my own life and where I window for all the world to see Flake, and Aunty.

may have a Christmas tree if I her very first Christmas tree! She A few minutes later a new chill

want to. Goodbye forever. Alene."settled herself with an ecstatic sigh. shook her as a peal from the doorIt would be a lovely Christmas! bell rang through the big old

Mrs. autrey was house. Somehow Alene knew it

too perturbed to appreciate the FLAKE wired Mrs. was for her. That man had folmelodrama of the affair. She gave Autrey: "Have my eye on Alene. lowed! She could scarcely breathe

a desolate cry and flew to the Giving her a little rope. Don't for the heavy pounding of her

phone. Her hysterical message worry. Flake."heart. She laid a cold hand on

brought Flake in shorter time than But she worried just the same, her throbbing throat.

it takes to tell it, and he was soon as women are wont to do. BeMrs. Wilkins was calling her

reading with his own eyes the sides, with Alene and Flake both from downstairs.

round girlish letters of Alene's away the prospects for Christmas "Miss Autrey, there's a gentlenote. He looked at it for a long cheer seemed remote. man here wants to see you. Says

time in order to hide the twinkle Selecting and trimming the tree he's a friend of yours."

of amusement in his eyes. But was better fun, Alene told her- "No! No! I don't want to see

it was no laughing matter with self, than a whole barrel of monhim! He isn't any friend of mine."

Mrs. Autrey, and when she comkeys. She dressed and redressed She heard a laugh and pricked

manded him to go immediately it, hung and rehung the bright up her ears.

and bring her back before she came festooning, the glittering bells, the "Well, give her my best wishes to some horrible end in the wicked tiny colored lights, until it could for a merry Christmas anyway, city, Flake knew better than to no longer be improved upon. and tell her the tree's a beauty."

argue. He set out at once, a great When night came she turned on Alene gasped, then plunged

the stairway. for deal of sympathy in his heart for the lights, raised the shade and headlong

s Flake! is it you? I Alene. "Flake!

It was no more than was to be thought—I didn't know—Oh,

expected that Alene should have I'm so glad you've come!"

tire trouble. Flake all but made He was waiting at the foot of

the mistake of applying the brake the stairs, his arms outstretched.

and stopping when he saw her Alene ran into them. "Oh, Flake,

car parked in front of a service please take"me home."

station with Alene nervously "Right now?"

watching while a greasesmeared "Yes, right now."

boy jacked up the rear wheel. At "Get your things."

the first opportunity he turned into a side street and waited. It l\S they threaded their

was a half hour before she resumed way through the heavy Christmas

The Improvement Era for December, 1931 83

Eve traffic it seemed to Alene that car and followed Flake in. The corn on my carpet! I'm going to

it had grown blatant and weary sudden gust of wind that entered bed. I'm dead tired. Flake, you

and far too loud. She longed for with them fanned the flame of the help her with that tree. And

the deep sweet silences of the lamp on the table and gave every don't either of you get into them plains, and was delighted at the object in the room a queer, unpackages over there."

speed Flake made, once out of the balanced aspect. It made Alene's "All right, Aunty. And I think

city. She settled back in her coreyes hurt. She blinked them the tree is lovely,"she said softly.

ner with a half regretful sigh. quickly. And then things looked Her aunt said "Humph"and

"I did hate to leave my tree,"queerer than ever. Aunty Nowent out trying not to look

she admitted presently, "but anyDon't was sitting on top of the pleased.

beside step ladder an immense it I little a while."hadway to each turned Flake and Alene tree, cranberries cedar of festoons

It ten o'clock they was when softly. other, laughing of yards over looped one arm, and the light inreached home. The so trees matter Christmas other. "Do the over strung The popcorn forliving visible been room had Alene?"much, a moment, blankly gazed woman it a mile. Alene watched had

with a slight rekindling of resentthen quick tears of happiness and She shook her head. "I guess

eyes. relief to her sprang spendment. was Aunty No doubt

is it Alene, "Oh, as you? Well, way.I just Iwanteddearly tolovehaveto myhave ownmy she spent ing Christmas Eve

all her other evenings, reading or it's a good thing you've come,"own way, Flake."

"I tone changing, her she added,mending or balancing accounts. Flake shook his head in mock act just in the of was breaking my

neck trying to trim this pesky tree. seriousness. "I guess I ought to

I won't."ALENE sighed reYou'll have to finish it. And don't take warning, but

signedly as she stepped out of the you dare get cranberries and popAnd he kissed her tenderly.

*>—-c<&%>yzi*—-<*

Canadian Commissioner of Immigration Pays Glowing

Tribute to Improvement Era By GEORGE ALBERT SMITH, JR.

pRED W. KERR has long been ent displayed in it each month

an enthusiastic and active makes me feel my inferiority so friend of the "Mormon"people. keenly that I always hesitate about

He first contacted them in the Cacontributing. It is a great comnadian stakes of the Church. In fort to me, however, this splendid

1919, however, a close relationmagazine. It is truly a messenger

ship was begun when he was the of brotherhood and of spiritual

Commissioner of Immigration for blessing. It reflects good will and

the Dominion of Canada for the positive teaching. Negative advice

port of Liverpool. George Albert is all very well in its place but real

Smith was president of the Euroconstructive philosophy is what pean mission with headquarters at touches the heart today. The

Liverpool and he at that time beSaints are remarkable for their zeal, came acquainted with Mr. Kerr and their history is full of rich exwhose friendship and full confiperiences, demonstrating the value

dence he rapidly won. Since then not only of zealous industry but

the two have corresponded reguof a practical application of this to larly and have met each other perthe religious, social and business sonally at irregular intervals. life of the individual and the comMr. Kerr was subsequently munity.

transferred to Detroit in the United "It has been to me of priceless

States where he represented his worth to have found a people like

Government in the same capacity, yours and to know them as I dp;

that is, as Commissioner of ImmiComtnissioiier Fred W. Kerr and though I am now out of pergration. While there he visited pie who regard it as holy scripsonal contact with them the power

meetings of the Church and has ture. in the Era is so direct and personal

studied much of our literature. Superintendent Smith of the Y. that it is remarkable how far it

Quite recently he has again been M. M. I. A., has sent the Era to goes toward supplying or compentransferred back to England, BrisMr. Kerr regularly and the latter sating for the absent direct touch

tol being his headquarters. has on frequent occasions indicated which I always prized beyond

Particularly interesting is his rehis appreciation of this valuable words. Even in these trying and

gard for and faith in the Book of magazine., hazardous times of economic chaos

Mormon, a copy of which is usualWriting from Bristol under date the cheery note and the feeling of ly to be found on his desk, and he of July 30 he says: trust and confidence are truly innever loses an opportunity to speak "I have long wanted to write spiring in the columns of the

highly of the book or of the peosomething for the Era but the talmagazine."

in theBeauty Home By LUTIE H. FRYER

Professor of Home Economics University of Utah in Balance

beautiEVERYful room you admire is the Example of formal offspring o f balance in furniture arsome brain, the creation rangement.

of some imagination.

The success of such a room depends in a large the red chair, the measure upon correct nearer it would have balance; and, statto come toward

ed briefly, balance is the center line; the

the principle of arrangement through works on the same principle as the duller the gray chair, the farther away which rest or repose is obtained. If seesaw. If two boys of the same it should be placed. All warm colors

you will look at the opposite wall of weight play at seesaw they are placed outweigh cool ones. Bright colors

the room in which you are sitting, you the same distance from the center. If outweigh dull colors. Smooth surfaces

will find that your eye naturally gravione boy is twice as heavy as the other, outweigh dull surfaces.

tates to the center of the wall. There the heavier boy must move half way There are two types of arrangeare objects on either side. If your towards the center so that the smaller ments or balance; the first kind is

wall is well balanced, the objects on boy will be twice that distance from formal balance and it is usually bithe right side are equal in attraction to the center before balance can be obsymmetrical. The second is called

the objects on the left side. If you go tained. Thus, equal weights will balinformal or occult balance, and this

into a room where most of the furniance when they are the same distance is unsymmetrical.

ture is at one side, the room seems to from the center. If unequal, the

tip, and you long to rearrange the heavier weight must be moved toward furniture, or you feel uneasy if you the center before balance is secured. Formal Balance

see a large bouquet of flowers in a vase Balance in an art problem can be exwith a very small base; you feel that plained as simply as balance in weights, TX7HBN objects are exactly alike

it is in danger of tipping over. The the only difference being that it is and have, therefore, the same

human mind is so constituted that it not so much a question of how much power of attracting attention the aris readily disturbed at lack of balance. the objects weigh, as how much atrangement is spoken of as formal balThe effect of repose is obtained by tention they attract. To illustrtae this ance. This type of balance is easy to

grouping objects and colors around a point: suppose we have two chairs obtain because it can be measured. If

center in such a way that there is equal which are the same size; one is upobjects are of the same size, and alike

attraction on each side of that center. holstered in gray and the other in red. in appearance, as in the case of two

Lack of balance in a room is even more In placing them on either side of a candle sticks or two dining room noticeable to the person whose eye fireplace or a window which is in the chairs, they will attract the same is trained than poor design or the abcenter of a wall, one would follow the amount of attention and therefore sence of a beautiful color scheme. same principle as for balancing unshould be placed equal distances from

How to Secure Balance equalchair doneweights,in redandnearerwouldtheplacefireplacethe quitethe center.dignifiedThisandtypeimpressive,of balancebutis

or window, while the less conspicuous mechanical. The human body is a

PERSON can learn to balance obchair, finished in gray, would be good example of formal balance; twoA jects when told that balance moved farther away. The brighter legs, two arms, two ears, two eyes,

The Improvement Era for December, 1931 85

and a mouth and nose in the middle of ture on one side of a room as a balsary to place something on the other the face. Every room needs a certain ance to an opening on the opposite side to form a balance. An upholstered

amount of formal balance to insure wall. Large pieces of furniture are chair with a small table and lamp

dignity. generally balanced symmetrically. The would make a successful balance. This

smaller movable objects in the room arrangement is more desirable than one the of in front sofa the they which places that so arranged generally Informal Balance are it. a table behind With with balfireplace as well groups as convenient form

TF objects differ in size, shape or ance units. such an awkward arrangement the occolor, or, in other words, are difIf a davenport is placed at right cupants of the sofa may be too warm,

ferent in their while the other ability to attract occupants of the attention, it h e room are literarrangement is ally left out in cold. 3uch the inreferred as to preThis house furnishing ocorformal illusstriking sents a andi s awkwardcult balance. tration formal of inhospitable.

is successfulThe balance. Below

character The ocshotvn type ause of of this form of balance decult balance. of a room generally deterpends upon which training the eye mines

t o recognize type iof balance restful arrangeis to be used.

(balance -Formal It is ment. more

impresan gives difficult to arrange, but more dignity; sion of

satisfactory done. well when reason jthat for

inuse Japanese of make The hall, reception a their prints. in balance formal dinlibrary, and

inprinciples the of In applying will,room ing the a to balance formal room, a stand much arepieces furniture of which larger amount easily lighter and movable more sort of this of inare in the to arrange ones a than balance the balance, leaving formal If living room.

stable pieces heavier and more is in the fireplace of furniture to be placed in forthe center of one mal balance. of the walls, we

Balance in Interior havebalancea to, formalbegin

Design with, and the mantel may be A WELLBALANCED wall treated in like will have the same amount manner or, we of attraction on each side of its may introduce central line, likewise a wellbalanced angles to a fireplace an unbalanced efinformal balance. The living room

room will have practically the same fect may result. If the room is large should suggest sociability and the use

amount of attraction on opposite and two davenports are used, they may of informal balance or a combination walls; and although the two side walls balance each other; but if only one of both types produce the quality of

may be a little heavier than the end is used beside the fireplace, it is necesfriendliness or intimacy far more than walls, there formal balance.

should be a feel- A piano at one ing that the atend of a room tractions are may be balabout equally anced by a secdistributed retary or bookaround the case placed room. against the opIn p la c i n g posite wall. The

furniture in a sofa may be room the archiplaced in the tectural openings center of a side must be considwall space and ered. As a gencould be baleral rule balance anced by a tais secured by ble, chair and

having a large lamp placed piece of furniagainst the opposite wall or by a window chair. The baland Informal

chairs and small is present ance in this charming (Continued on room. page 123)

Social l\elationships

in his By ROBINSONdesert isle CRUSOEcould do onas he pleased because he had only himself to who consider—but Adah R. Naylor

awants to desert isle? live on All

of us feel that we would enjoy doing just as we please, and some of us occasionally crave solitude, but—

"man was not made to live alone."

There is within us a hunger or urge, which forces us to seek the company of our fellow beings. Alone we

come into the world, and alone we go out of it, but while here we yearn for companionship.

If we are to be happy and if we ner of a chest or drawer. They are

are to develop worthy personalities, the child's individual possessions which this companionship, which we inwe must recognize and value, because stinctively seek, must be mutually only through his property rights can pleasant and agreeable—in other he be taught respect for the rights of

words we must be able to acquire others. The child soon learns that

friends. Practically all the pleasures each person in the home has certain

of life come through human contacts, possessions which belong to him the entire history of the lives of most alone. Having this fact fixed in his

of us is made up of the daily conmind and understanding fully the tacts with our family, our friends, our meaning of thine and mine, he escapes neighbors and fellowworkers. It the friction which the undisciplined

then, seem, thatwould of the one most endure. must knows: He possessions. the question of than Thedesirable is life in things the ability a That of family members not do desire to or possess things impulse to ourselves make acceptable to the use each other's belongings without itself at early. child manifests Thepeople with we first whom asking permission; associate;—or, the begins to years of -two develop age in the terms the of the psychologist, letters, telegrams, That messages of a individual sense of ownership. Givenability to adjust ourselves to huour are any individual kind property and it a likes part a he he toy which makes environment. then problem Our are to read be not various by memlater of recognize himself to comes and to acquire ability the to bers make of the family;manis—how it as possession. individual an This this adjustment. inprivacy are time That and both natural impulse be guarded and must

dividual possessions living people and far, carried the too when Life Family trained—as, the feel under roof same should not selfish individual greedy; becomes and

all that close are the relationship into born permits sort of someW/"E careless the thwarted, he of becomes to infringe these them possessions; life,"on "family in early which rights property of others and fails to

tastes ideas, aldesires are That andchildhood constitutes entire our world. future. provide for his own so individual property and is should not If the family a happy one our and

early training is right we make the Possessions which come to us as a be criticised unless they are harmful to transition into school life and comgift we seldom make wholly our own, the owner or the family group;

munity life without difficulty, becaus"because some of the personality of the That banging doors and shouting we act to the world in general as we giver remains in the gift. It is only from room to room is being inconformally did to our family. Unforthe thing which we create, discover siderate of others;

pletely our gives own. Aunt matters to Mary discussed bebe neglect, through but more—sometimestunately many of us get a wrong start or earn that becomes wholly and comThat family affairs are individual

it a knife. her likes small nephew fore in other short He he knowsoften too indulgence through much andpeople—never

it is use, because he something can try to that he should the apply golden areand in forced we attention—and but his it never for wholly becomes living. rule to daily life later ciror altered knocks, by hard

cumstances to make corrections in our the reason that he always thinks of socially acquired habits. Lacking this it as the knife Aunt Mary gave him. Collective Ownership

addition to the inof problem TN heap, old in a rubbish and irusty dividual property rights there it instantlycorrection—a useless wecitizen.go through life a misfit Butthoughlet him discover a discarded knife beis the and it may be,

Early Training comes something to be treasured as more difficult question of collective his or collective explains the This ownership. value possessions, own.

is life in nothing family*pHERE is the instill Fortunate in the placed parent the contents small can boy who in general that or the for world life into the of string, his pieces of of home "One bypockets—odd causes trouble more

all allmatter—which for for a bits willingan and old of knob, door broken one"—thethe feeling

*The book, "The Right Thing at all mirror, nails and what not, and the ness to deny self for the good of the

Times,"published by the General Boards little girl's collection of bright butgroup. Much of the quarreling in

of M. I. A., gives an excellent presentation tons, fancy pins and bits of colored families is due to struggle of the variof subjects related to the above. cloth, which she tucks away in a corous members to protect what they con-

a

The Improvement Era for December, 1931 87 sider is their share of the collective to the outside world, any more than he them—the cracks and seams will alpossessions or rights. For example, can expect to eat with his knife at ways show, bringing embarrassment

John and Edward both wish to use the home and then manage his fork nicely and trouble. Good mannets are not

family automobile on the same evenin company. Of all the socalled deadthings to be put on and taken off with

ing. It may be John's turn to take it ly sins, "company manners"are the party clothes—they are the outward

but Edward feels that his engagement deadliest. Nobody can get by with expression of a right mental attitude.

is of the utmost importance and there-—afore disagreementhe should befollows—sisterallowed to haveMaryit

expresses her opinion—mother and Introducing the New Managing Editorfather are into the controversy drawn

from are Contimted is upset. everybodyand There

page 67 take thetimes wisdom when it would of a Solomon to settle these questions. from the Oneida Stake Academy donym of "Rube Harrison."In

We are all human and we cannot exin 1905. He taught school for 1918 he published privately a volpect, perfection or exact anyfrom called River, verse of he and year which one on then ume Cub

is to solution thatone, so the only,1925 Idaho of University the Rockies."of In to the "Rimes went

a spirit of sportsmanship—develop

verse, winter. of for another appeared one volume at Moscow a ourselves to to adjustwillingness

mode of give and take. In January, 1909, he married "Poems of the West,"of which

;I were joint authors. In It sometimes helps in the struggle to Miss Edna Johnson of Preston, he and

regulate properly the home life, if we and in April of the same year, he 1926, he published a volume of can see that the problems of our little left for a mission to Ireland, where short stories, under the title of world closely resemble the problems he remained for about 26 months. "Bart of Kane County and Other

of the big world outside. Said GerReturning from his mission in Stories."

many, "We admit starting action along 1911, he taught school in Preston Since his return from New the Western front by marching soldiers for the following ten years, except York, Professor Merrill has written through Belgium, but if the Belgians for one year spent at Utah Agrishort stories and poems with inwouldin't have resisted theyhadnh This in Logan. College cultural 'His facility. creasing has name he and Said Frank, hurt."been when in 191516, of the winter was as frequently probably appeared excalled to were brother onhis John the he spring of which was granted church in magazines the various blackberryof "splotch"great aplain

of bachelor of science and publications as that of anypie on the diningroom wall—"Moththe degree

er, 1 admit throwing the pie, but it's with a major in English. Most other contributor.

John's fault that it is on the wall; he of these ten years in Preston were While he has written for many

shouldn't have dodged."spent as teacher in the Oneida periodicals, the work that has won

One of the best books ever written Stake Academy. At one time, he for him the largest following has

on family life is Theodore Roosevelt's was business manager of the local been the stories which have apLetters to his Children. Seldom does newspaper, and was a constant peared in the Improvement Era

is the little in said coleditorial its instruct to andhe contributor years. In the past during few read as discipline, we but we ofway umns. the stories these caught has he conand by example that realize by S. Franklin President 1921, In the of the of imagination youth his ideals helps he holdingstantly up as his secured appointment Harris been writers have Church as few their and wants organize tochildren at in English instructor Brigham able to do. Overstreet of Dr. language in the been University. has He Young are that things the to want "leads them

since University the Church with best teach by wanting."worth We it his was TJNDOUBTEDLY progradually time, that being was Roosevelt Theodore andexample

so right in his family relationships moted in rank, until at the present achievement in thus capturing there was little need for "preachtime he is Professor of Journalism. the young readers of the Era,

ments."He constantly holds Mrs. In the summer of 1927 he was which led so many people to think

Roosevelt before the children in all the a student in the Medill school of of him as a worthy successor tophases of her womanhood—shemother—his wife and sweetheart.is their journalismversity. Duringat (Northwesternthe school Uniyear, Brothernot solicitHughthe J.job;Cannon.the job Hesoughtdid

Writing to Theodore, Jr., who was 192930, he was a student at the him. His appointment to this imaway at college, he gives an account Pulitzer School of Journalism at portant position by the Editor,

in festivities the Thanksgivingof acting J. Grant, President Heber University York the Columbia in New adds "Your then House, andWhite the of the recommendation upon he institution City, from which a pink in pretty so new wasmother officers has the general of M. I. A., IS. degree received the in 1930. M. I with waltz a lovely dress, had and

her."Another time he writes delightHis thesis was entitled, "A History met with unusually wide approval,

fully of a trip made by Mrs. Roosevelt of Mormon Church Publications."and bespeaks for him a high deand himself into the woods of Virgree of support and cooperation.

ginia, and he stresses the fact that they pROFESSOR MERRILL is Professor Merrill by training, were seeking undisturbed companionwidely known for his ability temperament, and experience is exship. Boys who grow up in an atas a writer. Very early in life ceptionally well qualified for his

naturally this kind ofmosphere qualities, for position. talent a definite These manifested a he new

for their for regardhigh mother—andhave colloyalty, industry, literary creation. his those of During with

is attitude when all womankind. And characassoci- devotion, unselfish lege so days and he was at Logan easily are correctright manners

acquired. ate editor of the school paper and teristic of him, will assure him

No boy can be rude to his sister a regular contributor to it. It great success in building the "Era"

and thoughtless of his mother, and was there that he commenced his into one of the leading journals of hope to present a charming manner vernacular rhymes, under the pseuthe west.

To My Daughters Mother, I Love You

By Mary B. Stokes

Redford Grant By J. Cannon Hugh

* joy fears prayers and and you HHWAS these words love you; OTHER, J- to brought me, called—for sincere thoughts convey Imy I first souls winged were your fODknewWhen planted His son who firm M you. Heaven. from in the earth: His Gospel stay to cut flame, of are words not They compensating vast a peace andLater came called to men: "Repent! Who true most steel; just in words happiness Atone!"

lie engraven on my heart. Which safely heads were your downyWhen

pillowed God called I write not to motherhood throughout

In my waiting arms. The crimson shaft of death the world. I write to you.

Struck to the noble doubt, there carry, is no will heart hours, heart; My since I forgotten anxious haveLong

left are we to mourn, And true and this love, when rest, of nights brokenNights and Alone. red will Steel, but be days, every moment when temperedpowder—rust.The carefilled

Had its task for you. God called I can not wildly shout to passing winds;

Memories I cherish are of your first falter- A righteous writer home I love you other ways: ing steps To aid His cause on high—A low sincere fire, surpassing windswept

That led you to my arms, He gives another here flame, O mother,

Your dimpled smiles disclosing tiny The light to carry on! A silent sigh, uttered alone.

Nordgren. N.—Weston pearls,

tells near, more you for my longing In heart conloving soundsThe little my song. boisterous heart to strued mean my name-

I sigh; and I love Dear, now feet you—eventhanBaby hands—baby sing along sighing, to maidenhood grownNow By Light Candle dear memory. holding your way, My

I live my youth again in you, your tasks, By Vestta Pierce Crawford your friendships, accomplishments. yourAnd

in stand Bethlehem Temple The CANNOT richer I live of again is yours youthThis -*J the stars; ancient Beneath far mine. than Ora Lewis By see the cannot low manger beauty, freedom, of wealth thought,What

stable bars. touch the IOr is silence you. for progress here of gray walls in the TyEAUTY

it. I revel in gates join you tightshut with and you whose Behind JLJ see the cannot shepherds come stand

travelers rejoice; that IOr e'er a I in heart prayer where have my still. and Solemn

see the cannot face mother's are you tips finger silhouetted Your voice. her hear OrI happy evil the miss choose and youThat may turbulent into the boldly dim, Striking

the good, sky.

I pass space But may a window learn to part do with your youThat may pinnacle highest your on And see the pristine And awe cheerfulness, understanding and golden image A glory o'er Such child hov'ring a all the reverence for above haveAnd night. the against coming Dark

the once wise As men saw and of works word God.

And as the years go by I hope to see in Could one but datch the mystic marvel you of it all Some of my girlhood dreams, deferred, The Sail And give it breath eternally come true. By Jennie Porter Upon the whiteness of an empty page!

A SHIMMERING sail on a silver sea, Could one but pour that stirring sitentness morbidmoping, mellow 3 moon, A Query silver speech the of Into cup ly—By C. N. it to drink! give unto me only me And where there's you and world and Christie Lund A

sands, time's fealty. myriad, a of song our DRIFTING A night—and delve into the heart of deep must One drifting sands,O yesterday sea stars a o'er veil of records cloud the of a past abide of you! withWhat A

If secret find the he would fragrant past a vanities prides from and that memory onceWhat A man spell that the binds today Of left, souls, its share has our on That knew rest scars, to ruthless of within your comeHave granite walls! Great last. to us keep the hands! remembering, To

pinnacles! pointed And stood Babylon ruin onceWhere your

fro to forty years of dragging and And sail the bay, the shining remains But stands; on

the Sick of weariness endless with days is the to ship await our greyness Where moored the that mocksYour "Glory the endless heaviness of with Stunned dawn, Greece, was.. work. seal drift away compass our that and we grandeur WhenThe was Rome."When in forever the heart And ever—and yesterdays, those past has the where will cease To men

... unexplained Aching hunger and

gone. stuff such as meets grim yourTo build miracle newborn And then—a demands? dulcet peace a Silence—and

breath a of God Beauty—and lift veil but let see your andO sands, me

a promising Freedom—and this, our give proudWhat Columbia must Of life eternal!

shall toll to take you in your timeWhen be. O great gray granite walls—buitded for Is she destined to dust? Or will she live me,

When pride has come to naught and only O daring spires of hope worth You have reached out past Time and f'an keep her crowned, "The promised Space land of earth"? Into the bosom of Eternity!

Glancing Through Brief Summary of Magazine Articles* By ELSIE TALMAGE BRANDLEY

Shortening the Social of education. Ignorance is the greatest foe of cooperation among farmDistance ers, as it is between farmers and business men. By LOWRY NELSON

There are, as well, certain steps for (From the National Kiwanis Magathe business man to take. The first

zine Sept., 1931) thing is for him to make complete the

change in his attitude toward farmarticle begins with the dier, ceasing to regard him as a hayTHISrect question: How may the seed, and looking upon him as a

social distance between the fellow business man, not inferior in farmer and business man be any way, and superior in many. The

shortened? Physical distance has been second step is to encourage a higher

shortened by the motor; but social standard of living in farming comdistance, being concerned with attimunities, by which condition the city

tudes, likes and dislikes and other would benefit in the long run, for the feelings of various sorts, is more difficity of necessity must take the overcult to bridge. Social distance between flow of the farm, when rural commutown and country has long existed, in nities have reached a maximum of

spite of the periodic attempts made population, and it is to their advantto lessen it, these efforts being inage to have this influx of a superior dicative of a growing consciousness of quality. The nation produces four

common interests between the two million more children in the country groups. than it does in the city, and at least

The independence which once betwo million of these will go to the city exists, tolonged farmers longer no due as live, edusuch problems to and so sire other classes; the culture of for to the agriof expansion commercial rural into divided be cation cannot cartoonists that fact the fourth, andculture depends which town upon district but urban, must and problems jokesters CornFarmer have, made agencies for produce.market farm of State as a problem regarded be isource a national tassel, the Hayseed, agricultural goods, handleMiddlemen concern. joint fun. of interincreasing has soand up grown

dependence between farmer and busiThe farmer's attitudes are based on If children in cities only are to have ness man, and as a byproduct has the following misconceptions: An inthe benefit of superior educational adsprung up crops of ill will and anferiority complex, resulting from the vantages, the state will suffer, for adtagonism which should be displaced superiority of those who have long vancement in education and culture

with a heavy planting of goodwill, considered the farmer an under dog; can proceed only as fast as the mass

understanding and cooperation. reverence for the achievements of the is given advantage of training along

lines. these children Unless born on the miracles of industry cooperation which has come The is city—because farms are given advantage of the same to regard baffled him, he came them units, geographical butnot between

cooperation on a basis of commodityas part of another world of mystery; grade of education as the children of

interest. Citrus fruits in California; that there seemed no escape from his urban families, the state is not dismore citrus fruits in Florida; the lot, and so it became almost fatalistic. charging its obligations fairly.

growers of these units to sell their Feeling helpless in the face of proviIn conclusion, the author states his own products and to weld their dence and the buyers of his produce, belief in the efficacy of two things in strength against competitors! But the he took what he could get and was solving the differences pointed out.

movement could be made much more submissive. He says that "the process of securing

effective if the farm and business But times are changing, and officers recognition by the farmer will be groups would try to understand each of Farm Bureaus are analyzing congreatly accelerated as he gains colother, and bring about changes in the ditions and keeping the farmer inlective strength to bargain with the attitudes which have fostered antagoformed in ways by which he can come organized forces on the other side of nism. into his own. There are certain the commercial fence."The other Among these attitudes are: First, things which farmers can do, and are thing is the element of ethics—"the

a feeling of social superiority, doubtdoing, which will solve many of their otherwise unmitigated selfishness of the less hanging over from the time when problems. Among these are: to strife might be greatly tempered, and

a farmer was a serf of the soil and acquire an understanding of banking much harshness and crudity removed, had no social standing in any comand other business principles; to learn by a constant reminder of,the higher

munity; second, the exploitation of the detailed methods of distribution, social virtues of sympathy, underfarmers by igharpers who, recognizing by which he will see the difficulties of standing and plain old brotherly

the fundamental honesty of these men, the other fellow and will regard him love."Ethics do not dominate the

and their isolation, have made them with charity and understanding; to deeconomics of today, but certainly may

easy marks in business ways; third, velop an attitude of cooperation with prove meliorative, in many instances,

the feeling that farmers have no dehis fellow farmers, which is one form and cannot be ignored.

Era Directors results are beENCOURAGING ing reported from all parts of the Church in the Improvement Era campaign, which was conducted October 11 to 18. Kanab, Maricopa, Moapa, Curlew, San

Francisco, St. Johns and Taylor

Stakes are over the top. Lyman, South

Davis, Bear Lake, Alberta, Zion Park,

Oneida, Pocatello, Cache and Lehi stakes are over 75 % Kolob, Montpelier, Ensign, Lost River, South Sanpete, Franklin, Union, South Sevier,

Snowflake and Teton Stakes are over 65%. Deseret, Ogden, Nampa,

Nell Earl Raft River, Star Valley, St. George,

Moapa Stake Portneuf, Big Horn, Juarez, Yellowstone, Juab, Uintah, Idaho Falls and

Wasatch Stakes are over 60%. Hyrum, Sevier, Boise, Morgan, Logan,

Woodruff, Alpine, Box Elder, Mt.

Ogden, North Davis and San Juan stakes are over of their quota. 50% O. C. Bowman is as report 8th, This of November

1931. Kanab Stake

Ensign leads in the number of subWard of Kanab Stake have sent in scriptions sent in, with 532; 450 have more than 200% of their quota.

been received from Liberty; 429 from Park Valley and Snowville Wards

Ogden; 383 from Maricopa; 350 of Curlew Stake; Oak City Ward of

from Pocatello; 345 from Utah; 330 Deseret; Alton Ward of Kanab; Bunkfrom Moapa; 330 from South Davis; erville and Littlefield Wards of Mo330 from Cache; 320 from California apa; Bern Ward of Montpelier; Slide

Mission; and 300 from Grant Stake. Ward of Morgan; Eden Ward of

Ogden; Glencoe Ward of Oneida;

Las Vegas Ward of Moapa Stake Sunset Ward of San Francisco; Joseph

and Bay Branch of the California MisCity and Windsor Wards pi Snowsion have reported more than 300% flake Stake; Mt. Glen of Union Stake;

of their quota. Rosette Ward of CurSpringdale Ward of Zion Park;

lew Stake, Pine Ward of Maricopa, Welling Ward of Taylor Stake; BillLogandale and St. Thomas Wards of ings and Butte Branches of the North

Jesse Whipple Moapa Stake, have reported more Central States Mission, have all gone

Moapa Stake than 250% of their quota. Cedron over 150% of their quota.

Ward of Teton Stake and Moccasin Kuna Ward of Boise Stake; BenGolda Lilya W. Glen Harmon Velma Meldrum

San Francisco Stake San Francisco Stake Taylor Stake uccessWiin Stake; and Palisade Ward of Teton

Stake, have all sent in more than 125%'of their quota.

The Thatcher Ward of Bannock Stake; Laketown,- Liberty, Paris 1st,

Paris 2nd and St. Charles Wards of

Bear Lake Stake; Hagerman of Blaine

Stake; Mantua and Harper of Box

Elder; Worland of Big Horn; North

Logan, Logan 4th and 9th Wards of

Cache Stake; Juniper and Mt. View

of Curlew; Lynndyl of Deseret; Union Ward of East Jordan; 1213th

and University Wards of Ensign; Fairview, Lenrose, Preston 1st and 5 th

Wards of Franklin Stake; Teton Ward

of Fremont; Boyle Heights, El Francelle Johnson

Segundo and Elysian Park Wards of Maricopa Stake

Hollywood; 2nd Ward of Hyrum

Stake; 2nd, 4th and Coltman Wards

of Idaho Falls; Fredonia, Glendale, Orderville, and Kanab Wards of Kanab

Stake; Springville 4th of Kolob; Cedar

Harriet Chamberlain Valley, and 5th Wards of Lehi; 8th

Kanab Stake Ward of Liberty Stake; Logan 1st,

son Ward of Cache; Storrs Ward of 8th, Providence 1st and River Heights

Carbon; Stone Ward of Curlew; Wards of Logan Stake; Lost River

Springville 2nd Ward of Kolob; DarWard of Lost River Stake; Rock

lington Ward ojf Lost River; Alamo Springs and Lyman Wards of Lyman

and Panaca Wards of Moapa; South Stake; Reynolds of Malad; Chandler,

Weber Ward of Mt. Ogden; ClearLehi, Mesa 2nd, 3rd, 4th, Phoenix 1st,

field Ward of North Davis; Farr West 2nd, and Tempe Wards of Maricopa;

Ward of No. Weber Stake; American Overton and Caliente of Moapa;

Falls and Pocatello 1st Wards of Pegram, and Wardboro Wards of

Pocatello; Alpine Ward of St. Johns; Mtmtpelier; Uintah Ward of Mt. OgMiami Ward of St. Joseph Stake; San den; Marriott Ward of No. Weber;

Francisco Ward of San Francisco Branch for Deaf and Middleton Wards

Stake; Freedom Ward of Star Valley in Ogden; Preston 4th and Treasure

Stake; Driggs Ward of Teton; Orton ton Wards of Oneida; 26th of PioWard of Lethbridge; Mt. View, Glenneer; Inkom, 2nd and Rockland Wards

wood and Taylorsville Wards of Alof Pocatello; Arimo, Swan Lake and

; Albion ofberta Stake; Fourth Ward of MontVirginia Wards of Portneuf

pelier Stake; Magrath 1st of Taylor (Continued on page 98)

Jack Cummard Maricopa Stake

Jay Rothlisberger Anna Eliason James Palmer

St. Johns Stake Curlew Stake Curlew Stake

92 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

President Charles W. Nibley Continuedpagefrom7 1

it about six feet to the square. were spent in the dugout. It was Thus he became familiar with

It had no windows and a part of a scramble of the severest kind for Shakespeare, Burns,and the Bible, a quilt served as a door. The a mere existence. To begin at the three great masterpieces of literachimney built by his father was very beginning and make the earth ture. These were his text books

of cobblestone and mud. Referproduce their food and shelter was and he knows them. He is an

ring to it President Nibley says, severe experience through which educated man, and he got a pre- "That chimney never knew many pioneers passed. cious part of it alone, herding

enough to draw the smoke up, As a boy he did anything and sheep on the hills of Wellsville. Is

but spewed it out and filled the everything he could get to do. For there any boy too poor to go to

room."two seasons he herded sheep on the such a school? One of the secrets

Quoting again he says: "My Wellsville hills. of his great achievements is redear old mother has stated on vealed here. We have in this boy

alonemany occasions that no queen 'M'OTE the significance of what—left to his own resources,

the whoever entered her palace was follows! One is led to exherding sheep—a prophecy of

ever happier or prouder of shelter claim: How did it happen? "I man.

and the blessings of the Lord than borrowed from one of the Mitton We fancy that he read often she was when she entered the comboys a book of Shakespeare's plays, and treasured these lines from the pleted dugout."the first I had ever seen, and algreat Scotch poet, took them to

gPEAKING of the first winter thoughatre, hadI hadneverneverseenbeena playin a perthe- heart,tion. and followed their admonihe says: 'That winter everyformed, yet I took so to those

Fortune's golden smile, catch dame "To itch. in Wellsvillebody had the plays I read of Shakespeare that her; wait Assiduous upon the inOf course we were included and reread committed them and ev'ry gear gather wile by And

number. There were no vegetables many passages to memory, which That's justified by honour;

except potatoes; there were no I can bring forward even to this Not for to hide it in a hedge,

a train attendant; for Nor or acidslemons to counteract the day."

privilege glorious the foracid in the blood, so it broke out Continuing he says: 'That But being independent."Of

in hives or itch. Old Davy Mofsummer I got hold of a copy of

fatt, who crossed the plains in the Burns'poems and I would carry HpO hasten with the story we hand cart company the same sumit with me as I was driving my read again from his writings:

mer that we came, left his home in sheep 'about, and I committed "Early in the month of December,

Salt Lake and somehow or other many of those poems to memory. 1907, President Smith sent for me

landed in Wellsville as he had no Bob Baxter, who was with me to come to the President's office.

to do,work merely came up is of to some the time that summer, the 'Charlie, to me, He saidvisit us. entertained of him We to tell, this even to wont day, that Jesus of LatterChrist of Church

coursedugout—fancythe best entertainingwe could in anyour timewhile playing,he was foolingI was awaystudyinghis dayop andSaintsyouneedshave a beenPresidingchosenBishforbody in a place like that—and Burns'poems and reading every that place.'Of course it was a

while we did not have any Christother book that I could get hold surprise to me. I had never

mas present to give him, we did of. Burns has been my favorite dreamed of acting in that office.

manage to give him the itch. He from that day to this. It was But I was glad and even anxious

after visit a shortwent and home easy for to talk Scotch me and I to assist I could to do anything a little later was Johnny McCarty it all always did enjoy thoroughhis administraPresident Smith in a trip Salt tomaking Lake I affairs. the of for ly."tion Church And

or othersomething I begged and his in so. took told me him He

privilege the of going with him tears kissed and and wept arms me if I seeing couldand get not work. as and embraced me of joy he

We got to Salt Lake City in due blessed me, as he only can do."

time and I went down and stayed at Moffatt's, down in the Third The new Bishop was fiftyeight ward. I remember going to Walker years of age and in the prime of

Brothers store and asking one of life. He brought to this calling

the Walker brothers if they would the strength and devotion of his not hire a boy to help do chores or great heart and the accumulated help do clerking in the store, but wisdom of a large and varied exthey said they were not in need perience. He was an executive of

of any help just at that time. At recognized and transcendent abilMoffatt's in the evening old Davy ity and with his accustomed zeal

would be scratching his back and I undertook the arduous work of his remember very well his saying to office. The entire temporal strucme: 'Mon, when you gang hame ture of the Church felt the vitaltell your faather (and this while izing touch of a master hand and

he was scratching away at his results were soon manifest. Durback) tell your faather to send me ing the eighteen years which he

doon a muckle hawthorne stick.'served as Presiding Bishop the

Two long and dreary winters Church made remarkable progress

The Improvement Era for December, 1931 93

spiritually and financially. He was Civil War ended. The construchas not only given generously of

a factor in it. tion of the great transcontinental his substance to the Church, but

In 1918 President Joseph F. railroad was soon under way. he has given liberally of his time

Smith passed away and in 1925 Money was plentiful; times were and his great ability. It is doubtBishop Nibley became counselor prosperous; and he was ready ful if, in the aggregate, any man

to President Heber J. Grant. when his opportunity came. At in all the history of this Church

Referring to the death of Presan early age he began in a small has paid more in dollars and cents ident Smith he says: way to accumulate some means into its treasury, and the men are

"October 19, 1918, my dearest and and to discover himself. indeed few who have actually givbest friend, my most lovable and precious At twenty he was married; at en more time in its service.

brother, passed President F. Smith, Joseph a foraccumulated he forty had living chilhas seventeen He this the in sphere to his rewardfrom

sixty tune; at he was the Presidinglife the greatest beyond. brought This and fiftyone grandchildren dren,

at seventyof the Church; life, into forsorrow he was Bishop to me my

I If Presithree greatgrand-children, and his could assured only be of the Firstmy ideal. six a member

is his of heart. pride the familythat I associate to be would worthy for distinguished man dency—a I hereafter in thewith Nibley would him Charles President W. the be his soundness and and wisdom indeed."happy prudently. read and widely has character. his of splendor

In a tribute which was publishHis diversified interests and abHe has a discriminating, luminous, ed at the time in the Improvement sorbing responsibilities in the great and absorbent mind. He possesses

Era, says: heart ever he "No quickanalyze rare capacity to the affairs in of which he moved beat world

truer to every principle of manmatter his problem, no ly any how nor never submerged dimmed justice and righteousnesshood and and Clear or complex. interest nor enintricate in the Church

great that than his;and mercy estabconclusions, his decisive in to the exclusion time grossed his

heart, encased in his magnificent of better things. His life is built lished and unwavering in his faith,

frame, the biggest, the made him eightyof the scale stands his he summit on an than ampler upon tenderest,broadest, the purest the patriotic a staunch his years and very fact fortune. during In two

earthof the walked all men who a defilled husband, a busiest years American, kind missions. he two

in his time."congenial father, a wise and his voted spent sons nine have and He

QHARLES W. NIBLEY was more than twenty years preaching counselor, a courageous, Godfear-

hardly seventeen when the the Gospel as missionaries. He ing and benevolent leader of men.

-*vxg$&x* <* Eddies of Life Continuedpagefrom75 episodes that come before him day we have saved from our own the meantime sentence is suspended.

after day are merely its eddies, just work."As for the woman, she is inas mysterious and unexplainable formed that she is not entirely

as the river waters. "PHE man's defense, spluttered clear of blame. If the sovereign

Take, for instance, the Trant half defiantly: He would stay state of which she is a citizen is adcase, with its conflicting elements home and do his best, but no soonvised that her home is a school

of humor and tragedy. Trant was er does he come inside the door for advanced lessons in profanity,

her children will be taken froma little man not five feet tall; apolif only to see his baby—than he

ogetic in a way, yet to a degree asmeets with oaths and insults from her.

sertive. By some trick of fate he his wife and her two children. To What perverse fate—what conhad married a widow, who by nathe judge's surprised inquiry if it trary eddy threw this incongruous

ture might have been designed for is true that they swear at the depair together? They will be suckan athlete. Nearly six feet, she fendant, they quite freely admit ed under and torn apart, the judge

towered in physical strength, and that they do. The wife says they is sure of that.

with the combative qualities that all use profane language in the would have fitted her for an Amhome; but as an overwhelming HPHEN there is that neverending

azon. With them were three countercharge, the man had hit stream of the needy. These

children, a boy and a girl and a John in the back with a hammer have weighed heavily upon the babe in arms. The last a child of thrown at him. This charge Trant judge's stooped shoulders. He

Trant's. The boy, a pugnacious admits, saying: "I was so mad I knows that in handling public

gamin, was nearly as tall as his couldn't help it."funds he must be cold. He simstepfather, with more decision, and What to do! Put the man in ulates, as best he can, the frigid

a more voluble tongue. jail at county expense, for it is face of a bank cashier as he stands

The charge against the man is certain he could get no bond; or, at the counter to listen to the story

"failure to support."He is legally set him free with advice and warnof a man. Here, thinks the judge,

classified as a "lazy husband."He ing? The shade of Roosevelt looks is not a man who needs assistance;

must provide a stated amount for down and awaits a just decision. his face is clean, as are his shirt

his family, put up a bond for such Through lack of employment, and overalls, but there is a deep provision, or go to jail. perhaps, the man cannot provide. look in his eyes; their depths are

Here they stand in Court to tell He must do his best and that is all gloomy with despair. "What's

their story. The woman complains: that can be expected of him. He the matter,"says the judge,

"He works away from home, sends is given permission to see his child "you're not sick, are you? You

me no money, and then comes occasionally, and is warned that look ablebodied and strong."

home for Winter to live on what he must earnestly seek for work; in "I'm strong enough,"says the

94 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

man, and he shows the palms of plural and vested with all the for that canny Scottish woman, his hands covered with hard calpanoply of a powerful persuasion. serving as investigator, whose marlo, bevelous insight penetrates a hundredlouses. "I can work—I do work Here he comes now, and

when I can find it, but we are out hind him a frowsy wife and five attempted robberies of public of food, and my children will be children, the youngest in her mothfunds.

hungry tonight if I don't get help er's arms, and the next holding on There are no eddies in life so from someone."A mist is formto her skirts. Of course they are incomprehensible as those which

ing over the man's eyes. What is from some place near the Eastern carry in their grasp the young huthere to do? Hold him up until coast, and their destination is some manity of the land. We see them

story. on the street going to and fromtime for an investigation? BusiOregon city—the unvarying

ness and perhaps the law say They break down a few hundred business, on thedr play grounds "yes."Humanity says "no."The miles back and use all their money happy and full of innocent fun;

man signs an affidavit to prove for repairs. Now they have no or, we see them flashing by in their

his dependency, and is given an money, no food, no gas, no oil. improvised "bugs"racing with

order for food, with the warning Here is an argument with exhibits death, or together in groups at their that tomorrow an investigator will to which the judge must pay atwild parties. Again we see them

visit his home. tention: "Ex. A"a sixcylinder in their caps and gowns graduatSwept in by a complex eddy of car full of unsalable traveler's ing with honor. From among all

circumstances is quite a different junk. "Ex. B"five unwashed, these come our future presidents,

case. A rather confident young hungry children. Argument: Feed pastors, and public men. But siftwoman stands before the judge. them and give them enough oil and ed from among these also are those

"I must have some help,"she says. gas to take them to another town, who have in some way lost their

"For what reason?"asks the or keep them indefinitely at Counbearings, and are brought before

judge. ty expense. There is but one anthe juvenile court. Some fine,

'They have my husband beswer though it violates a cardinal standard American youths who hind the bars, and as long as they rule of the social agencies of the admit their delinquency with smilhave him penned, they will have to country. From another point of ing shame, and if their offenses

keep me,"says the girl. view this is as bold a holdup of the do not in some way involve dam-

"Why don't you go home to public as any highwayman ever ages, are released with kindly inyour folks?"asks the judge. made. junction, and appear again no more

"O they have a large family, and Occasionally the story changes, in the Juvenile court. Some are

don't have to keep me,"is the rewhen suspicion is aroused, and an boldfaced boys and girls of fifinvestigation of the outfit disclosteen to seventeen who, in experi- "What is your man in for? is es things that may well be sold. ence, have run most of the gamut

the next question. Then they are aided by expert adof life. Then, a great number of

conare half only who bootlegging, was said he "They themselves and are on children vice—refit scious of law; crime in whose and says. she he wasn't,"but their way.

"O yes he was,"the judge venminds all life is adventure, whether or house, entering someone's have could not theytures, "or to the has proved EXPERIENCE a car for someone's appropriating was he him. knewconvicted You travelthis of judge that way ride. joy you?"didn'tbootlegging, ing has the country become about

The only answer is a guilty a profession. Always the inevitthe face. the girl's in these of othlook Now hundreds and are the meal able A LL children—these is a little sand hardens andjudge his ers are going through of hundreds gas ticket; and and

in his voice as he pronounces his these modern nomads, like giant court day after day, and this piousdecision. "You have no claim upgrasshoppers, hop from county to faced judge must decide. How can

on the public. There are many county across the continent. Men he decide harshly, when memory

men, and yours is probably one with money in their pockets have stands beside him at the bar and of them, who figure that if they taken up the business. When debrings up before him his youthful

break the law and are caught, they nied, they leave with a smothered follies and mistakes? He lived

will have six months'free board imprecation, and later are seen to through them and is now an honand their families will be kept as buy supplies and move on to more ored man and a magistrate, which well. There is no punishment in promising fields. So difficult it is many of these may become if they

that, but rather an encouragement to be honest; hence, so difficult to are treated understandingly. Pro

have you will lawlessness. No,of charitable, judge be more and the bation—another best the trouble get out of your to chance—promiseIf these youths stars his lucky once thanks than—encouragement.

you can."can be drawn into a less turbulent

Defiantly the girl turns away. eddy they will come at last into

Had she turned away in tears the safe waters.

judge could not have done differ- * * * ently. A strange mixture of graft How futile must always be the

and law breaking. work of the humanitarian or Social Worker unless coupled with

'"PHEN into the judge's mind the practical business affairs of life!

comes a vision of that new They are but hands by which the genus, the auto tramp. He is difworkers of the world reach out

ferent from the well known indito help their fellows. With a sick

vidual variety in that he is now and wounded world, the hand of

The Improvement Era for December, 1931 95

the humanitarian means hope and happens which pleases the judge has brought you to our shores to life; but public charities and the immensely. Through the window visit me, with your hours not a

sentiment of wouldbe benevolent comes the most musical, happy third as many as my years? You

persons, who handle, njot their laugh he had ever heard. Such at the beginning: I at the end.

own, but public funds, must come a laugh! It begins with a gurgle, As it is with your young mother

down at last to the cold word grows as rapidly as the vibrations who smiles with happiness in her taxes. Then upon the scene there of a taut wire and ends in a birdsleep, so shall it be with you. Life,

is thrown another picture; closelike trill. The judge is merry in love, pain and joy. This is the

lipped farmers who come from his heart in spite of his pains. cycle of time. Thus has it been

blasted fields to read discouraging Looking through the window, he from the beginning. Thus it will

market reports—men from the sees upon the porch for convabe to the end. Is it not the law

soil, the basis of our national life, lescents, lying upon an improvised that he who escapes pain, escapes with fear in their eyes; business cot, a towselhaired boy of twelve a fulness of life? The Master

men, worried over diminishing or thirteen years. Such a plain, sought not to evade the law. It

sales; bankers, gravely watching ordinary, American youth to be was after Calvary that he sat in

the signs of the times; County the author of such a laugh! He power upon the right hand of the

Commissioners, figuring budgets had been brought here, a nurse exFather."

being rapidly depleted, with tax plains, a county patient, five The next morning the doctor in delinquencies piling high. And months before because of an abhis blunt way says: "If these

everywhere insistent demands. scess caused by a blow on the back young people in love with each

Truly the candle is being burned from a hammer. Then suddenly other want to marry and have baat both ends. Between the "upper the judge knows. This is the boy bies and rear large families, whose

and nether millstone"the judge in the Trant episode! So he finds business is it to object?"

and his assistants -must get what himself now, swept by this re- "Surely not mine,"says the they can for charities. No wonlentless eddy into a close relationjudge. "It was the way of our

der they have sober and careworn ship that a mutual misfortune alfathers and grandfathers."But a

faces. All of these problems and ways brings. Judge and Jack, doubt grips him as he thinks of

activities have in some way brought here on a common level, the many young brokenhearted touched the judge; he is in the and by the decree of an inscrutable mothers who had come to him for

midst of them in the fierce swirling providence, lying upon their backs advice and aid. Trial marriages,

waters. almost side by side! wrecked on the rocks of want. He

thinks of a saying of his mother's:

"PHEN suddenly an eddy seizes T JERE in this institution is life "When poverty comes in at the the judge in its merciless grasp going and life coming. A door love flies out at the window."

and in its fierce grip he is sucked young prospective father, with agiLove, though blind, should try to under. From the blackness of a tation paces the corridor, hearing be provident.

halfdelirious night he comes to from the surgery the voice of his The judge is soon to be released full consciousness in a pleasant wife in pain. She is young for and in his last hours in the hosroom in the hospital, swept out of such suffering! The next day they pital, he has much to think about.

the life he had lived as effectively bring the girl baby in to show the He is in some ways a changed, peras if he had been carried across the judge. What a tiny bit of beauhaps an improved man. Though

continent. Yet the old life reaches ty! "My little one,"mused the he has not been on a journey, still

out to him here, for there are flowfatherly judge, "what giant eddy he has seen new things. He thought

ers from solicitous friends and that he had loved. Now he finds

short visits from those nearest him. that his love was only half love;

It is the carrying out of the mys- A Prayer it had been merely reciprocal, selis not fish in river. a way. of the tery Now he could alRedford By Grant

is love most himself his enemies. of sure so Thenow—gonejudge where art thou seems T ORD, confidence. He of the look

-*—* of trouble? time In my worlds I-JIS two between poised looks to be window out over the

I thee bow To another city; he one knew and can he hear the throbhear. wilt thou Knowing—the he thought he a its for moment that of bing commerce. Business

thee I cry to blindoffices saw. are in their men are; lawyers

heart. Bringing my sore the Power ly looking their over working briefs; educaHe findsup—up—tohimself half I be would Where

above the waters. Lost from thy great care? tors are studying the problems of

The judge's window opens up the schools; service clubs are debat-

I now? am at What hills. Here eastern the the toward ing needs of the hour; matrons

Is life a bubble endless a seemingly of are at their the close duties. household They heavy bough A one disappear stars sees the he life. night the stream up of make will bend then break The Which

can- "night's at last until one judge reach life cannot by them—his Lord, thou must know jocund out, and is are burned dles orbit. in another If he could hard

the misty tiptoe on stands touch day them, he that he knows low AmI am bendedbreaking mountain top."With life's unripe fruit. would find a common brother-

"My friend, you are the first Brace thou my limbs. hood, a common wish that there

man I have met this morning. I'm Faith I need and thee. could be no underprivileged man

here to begin another course with Give it fuel, O Lord! or child.

heartfire dims—These questions now press upon you. Cheer up—there's much for Mv

you to learn."Then something him for an answer. Can there be

96 The Improvement Era for December; 1931

a money value put upon a human twentyfive thousand for relief of life and throw against the banks life? Is six months in the hospital for the sick and needy. in malignant eddies, these things

at county expense too much to which plague us.

pay for Jack? Who could posTN fancy the judge again returns When will the channel be

sibly foreknow the incalculable to the river banks. The myscleared? When shall life flow

worth to the world of young Mitery of the stream has been paragain as was its wont, giving man chael Pupin as in poverty he worktially solved. Out there in the the blessed opportunity to spend

ed his way to our hospitable center where the current is deepest, strength upon welcome tasks;

shores? Shall we hesitate to mend there will be found some hidden when handworker and brainthe crushed limb of the tramp who obstruction, that diverts the flood worker shall profitably labor towas riding the rods? that would go steadily down to the gether in the building up of a glorsea. Some ageold international ious civilization?

But forever we set over against wrong. Some deeprooted nationWho knows? But of this the

the sordid spiritualthe human, and the world, sure—that forever material.and We pain must suffer weigh alernerror.social Somelife. perversitySome outgrownof modjudgeeven asfeelsa man,

humanity in the scale of taxes. custom that refuses to give way before it can come to its full

The public would build a hunto progress. Perhaps some deep fruition. Our task is to mitigate

dred thousand dollar road with religious misconception. One or that pain as much as lies in our

less complaint than it would allow all of these affect the normal flow power.

-OCl <* Joy to the World—Continuedpagefrom79

journey, there to pay a tax to Caesar. tions of the earth. Judah is under the lips in prayer. Joseph approaches bur-

"Gladly do I fast twice in the week heel of oppression., ned and solicitous.)

and pay tithes of all that I get—but When wilt thou, O Jehovah, send Joseph. Art thou weary of so long

this tax to Rome! I an Israelite, a us the Deliverer, the King promised waiting?

descendant of David, must bow my by the prophets of old! A Deliverer Mary. Aye, very weary, Joseph.

head and make obeisance to a foreign like unto Moses, who will free us from Joseph. As thou knowest I left thee

wilt here to rest while I hastened through long,ruler! king like O Jehovah, unto David, How oppression—a

city to the crowded upon us? highway into the this punishment visit in the be mighty that we mayst againthou "We are the chosen people—and earth! O, Jehovah, forget not thy seek shelter for us at the Inn—but

yet, never have a people been so warnpeople!"there were many before me and the Inn

ed, so blest and so punished by their was filled. I then begged lodgings

God! Through many changing scenes Scene I from door to door, yet everywhere was

have we passed. * * * In the days of I turned aside.the Patriarchs, the days of Abraham, Place—Countryside near Bethlehem. Mary (despairingly): But we mustof Isaac and of Jacob we were happy Time—Late afternoon of the day find shelter Joseph.

tribes, wandering rich and free in the preceding the birth of the Christ Joseph. Do not fear. I have found

desert, blest by our God. Child. a resting place for thee. Friends guid-

"But the days that followed, the Description of Scene. A stretch of ed me to a cave near the city where

days in Egypt, were sorrowful ones. bare country with a few rocks and the cattle are sometimes sheltered. It is

Though we multiplied and waxed exsmall trees. When the curtain rises clean and there will be warmth and

ceeding mighty, we remembered not Mary is seen seated on a log near some comfort for the night.the commandments of our fathers and rocks and trees—baggage necessary for Mary. Is it far?

were taken into bondage. But Je- a journey is on the ground. A group Joseph. Nay. Give me thy hand.

hovah heard our groanings and called of travelers, men, women, and children (He assists her to arise, and gathers up forth the Prophet Moses who led us are passing near, the women give her the baggage.) Let us be on our way.out of the afflictions of Egypt and a friendly glance—the children smile Curtain

delivered us from the cruel bondage at her and the men salute her.

of Pharaoh. First Traveler {Pausing and gazing Transitional music introducing

II "Then came our mighty days—the into the distance): We are near our Scene

reign of the Kings! David, the shepjourney's end. Yonder lies Bethlehem. Place. A room in the palace of

herd boy, was anointed King of all (Turning he sees Mary and salutes King Herod.

Israel. He was the victorious King of her.) Peace be to you! Herod enters, followed by his two

the sword, and the King of song. Forty Mary. Peace to you. counselors; he seats himself on the

years did he reign and mighty grew his Second Traveler. She is Mary of throne in moody silence and the counkingdom, exalted above all other kingNazareth. selors whisper together.

doms and feared by its enemies. Third Traveler. The one lately esHerod (meditating to himself): Once

"Solomon sat upon the throne of poused by Joseph the carpenter? again the time for paying taxes to

David his father. He was the King Second Traveler. Aye, they are of mighty Ceasar is upon us. The people

of splendor, of gold and of wisdom the House of David and must go to resent this as a great burden. Being

but there was iniquity in high places Beihlehem for taxation. (Still talking forced to pay this tribute in Roman

and though God raised up Prophets, the group pass on.) coin increases their wrath. * * * This

we heeded them not. Our kingdom Mary (Gazing anxiously into the endangers my throne. * * * These

was divided and conflict dimmed our distance): 'Tis near sunset and yet sons of David despise me as king* * *

greatness. Our temple was destroyed Joseph doth not return. (She wraps Ishmael exalted above David! * * *

and we were led into captivity by the her cloak closer around her.) The and yet if Rome does not receive her

Babylonians. Great was our punishevening chill is in the air and I am full tribute, she will depose me. This

ment! overcome with weariness. (Lifting season of the year always fills me with

"Ten of our tribes went northward her eyes to heaven, she crosses her mistrust * * * the people passing and many are scattered among the nahands upon her breast and moves her through the city—whole families com-

The Improvement Era for December, 1931 97

pelled to journey to their ancestral Men show keen interest in the scrolls Transitional music introducing homes to be counted,for taxation as and assist the counselors in the search. Scene III

ordered by Caesar. My throne is unFirst Counselor. It is written here.

steady. (He calls to his counselors.) (Pointing to scroll.) Your majesty, Place. Countryside near Bethlehem.

How fares this matter of taxation? "Therefore the Lord himself shall give Time. Near midnight on the night

First Counselor. I fear troublesome you a sign. Behold a virgin shall conof the Nativity.

times are ahead, noble Herod. Even ceive and bear a son and shall call his Description of Scene. Same as Scene

greater this year are the lamentations name Immanuel, which being inter- I only that the stage is in semidark- of the people. The highways are preted is, God with us."(The Wise ness. The shepherds pre asleep on the

thronged with the travelers. BethleMen talk among themselves. Herod ground around a fire. One shepherd

hem is more than ever crowded as the looks disturbed and the counselors awakens, sits up and stirs the fire, sons of David return with their famsearch further.) with his shepherd's.crook. Suddenly

ilies for enrollment. It is said in the Second Counselor. And again it is a voice is heard singing, "There were

streets that the inns are filled and the written "For unto us a child is born, Shepherds Abiding in the Fields"people are forced to sleep in caves and unto us a son is given; and the Gov- (from Handel's Messiah). For a secstables. ernment shall be upon his shoulders ond he stands dumb with fear, then he

Herod. Think ye a revolt is at and his name shall be called Wonderawakens the others. The choir sings

"Glory ful, in Counselor,hand? to God the Highest and on The Mighty God, The

* * * earth peace, everlasting,will good Father, Second Counselor. Nay, my lord, to men''of The Prince

there still prevails a faith derived from Peace."the music at first is very loud then

ancient prophecies ithat ere long a Third Wise Man. Is there no ingradually dies away. The men stand

powerful monarch will arise in Judea spired word that tells the place of His huddled together filled with wonder who will deliver the Tribes of Israel birth? and awe,,and as the music dies down

from bondage as Moses did of old. Second Counselor. Yea, it is rethey begin to gesticulate and whisper

(A messenger enters sand kneels before corded in Micah "And thou Bethlehem among themselves. When the music

the King.) in the land of Judea art not the least has ceased altogether thety begin speakMessenger. There are strangers among the princes of Juda, for out of ing.

without who seek admission to thy thee shall come a Governor that shall First Shepherd. Look, dost thou

royal presence. rule my people Israel."see the star?

Herod. What manner of strangers? Herod. Bethlehem! (Addressing Second Shepherd. Yea, it illumines

Messenger. There are three men. Wise Men.). Go thou to Bethlehem. the whole heavens.

They appeared this morning at the Search diligently for the young child Third Shepherd. Can this be of

north gate of the city curiously mountand when ye have found Him bring God?

ed and the splendor of their dress and me word that I may come and worFourth Shepherd. Surely the voices

trappings proclaim them from a far ship Him also. that sang were angels.

country. First Wise Man. We leave thee, Fifth Shepherd (he is old and a lit-

: What sang the angels? Herod. Admit them to our presence. O gracious King, and hasten on our tle deaf)

(Addressing councilors.) Know ye way. Peace be with thee and thy First Shepherd. Glory to God in

ought of these strangers? kingdom. (Exit Wise Men.) the Highest and on earth peace, good

the majesty, will First Counselor. Your toward men. If his counselors.) Herod. (To

there reported gate at the palacekeeper Fifth Shepherd. Aye, but said what this die. find child shall they None

of city inquiring in the travelerswere they the about Christ? shall fear throne. take from me myit ap-a star hath certain newly which First is Shepherd. he That born will sages these bring not wordJ. me

peared. this night shall and find we him wrapif shall suckling they babe fail—no enter strangers Herod. Ah! (The in ped swaddling clothes lying and child endanger. Herod's throne Every

messenger.) the in Welcomepreceded a by manger. the this confines within of kingdom do ye come Jerusalem!to Whence Fourth Shepherd. Christ the Lord it. slain. shall to be See thou

seek? yeand do a what lying wee in a babe,—-and manger?

First Wise Man. We come from far Counselors. Yea, my lord. Didst thou hear him say manger?

distant lands seeking Him that is born Curtain Second Shepherd. Aye, that was

King of the Jews. the sign he gave us. We shall find him

Herod. I am King of the Jews. lying in a manger.

Second Wise Man. It is foretold that Third Shepherd. Dost thou know

there is to be one newly born. of mangers in Bethlehem where a child

Herod (amazed). Newly born! would be born? (There is a pause.)

How know ye of this? Second Shepherd. In the Cave near

First Wise Man. We have read the the old Kahn are mangers and because

Heavens and found His star which has of crowds in the city people are sleepappeared in the east, and have jouring there.

neyed to your land that we may worFirst Shepherd. Brethren, let us

ship Him. (Herod listens with troublinger here no longer. The Heavens

led attention and wonder.) have opened and a messenger of God

Third Wise Man. Do not your hath spoken, let us hasten to Bethlehem

ancient prophecies foretell His comand find this babe that is born the ing? Savior of the world.

Herod. Ancient prophecies! (To

his counselors). Bring us the scroll Curtain

of the Prophets. (The counselors go

for the ancient scrolls.) (To the Wise Transitional music introducing

Men.) Ye shall search the scrolls and Scene IV

find what is foretold. (Enter counselors with scrolls.) (To counselors.) Place. Interior of a stable.

Look well, and see if thou mayest find Description of Scene. The stable

recorded this prophecy. (The Wise is wide but shallow. A covering of

98 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

rafters may be suggested. There is shines upon a stable. (They pause that we might know where the child

straw on the floor and lanterns are and look about.) should be born. He read us the ancient

hanging about. There is a rough Third Wise Man. Let us go in, the prophecies which said, "Out of Bethlemanger with a light inside and Mary star no longer moves, and we were told hem shall come a Governor that shall

is sitting near on a stool. Joseph;s it would rest over the place where we rule my people, Israel."

standing by watching her with an exshall find Him. (The three jnen apThird Wise Man. Herod directed

pression of wonderment. When the proach the entrance of the stable and us to Bethlehem, and when we departcurtain goes up Mary is seen bendJoseph moves forward.) ed, Lo the star which had led us on

softly. singing child the ing and ovet before us and pilgrimage moved our First are seeking Wise Man. We the stage on shepherds come The this it rested until above followed we is and a child to be newly King born who

stable. moves Joseph the approach place. of the Jews.

forward. Joseph. Strange are the ways of is Second to be the Wise Man. He

God! Israel. to First Shepherd (addressing Joseph). Savior long promised

Is there a child born here this night?

Joseph (overcome by the magnifiMary crosses her hands and makes a

Joseph. Why ask ye? cence of the strangers): My lords, but silent prayer.

Second Shepherd. There was a grear this place, ye First Wise Man. Now that we have

light in the Heavens and angels have Third Wise Man. Where the word found the child we rejoice with exsung. of the Lord is, there is Holy Temple. ceeding great joy.

that said we Shepherd. One Third First

is the Christ find the babe that should is cradled Wisethrone—-thoughMan. And wherea manger.he lies ourSecondhonorWisegiftsMan.to Him,We haveevenbroughtgold,

Lord wrapped in swaddling clothes and (The stable becomes very light.) frankincense and myrrh, our greatest

in lying a manger. feet. treasures, at lay His and them is the enter, yonder Joseph. Then

are the Strange ways Joseph. us worship Let Wise Third Man. is his of child mother. here and

stable.) into the back (Stepping God! the to redeem hath come who Him First Hail thou, mothWise Man. child. is the here Behold world.

er of the One! Holy

(approaching and salutShepherds

Second Wise Man. thee. unto Peace ing Mary): The joy of God singsThey"Glorykneeltoin Godworshipon High."and the choir

thee. be about round

thee. to Peace Mary.

Mary. I greatly magnify his Holy Curtain

First Shepherd (addressing the othname.

: said. the angel It is as ers) (TurnEpilogue Wise Man. Third

fields in the ing were to Mary.) We is of the Prophet fulfilled—ChristSurely the wordthe announces the mission young flocks, man our over keeping when watch A is born. Lord

Christ. the of lo, of and appeared the angel Lord an

said unto us, "Fear not, for behold I Joseph. How know ye of this child? "It was not an earthly King who was

bring you tidings of great joy, which First Wise Man. Lately when we born this day in the city of David, but

shall be unto all people. For unto didst search the sky that we might the Savior of the world, the only beyou is born this day in the city of know the portent of the time—-a cergotten Son of the Father.

David, a Savior which is Christ the tain star appeared from out the east, He came to fulfill the law, not to

Lord."And he gave unto us a sign a star more brilliant than we had ever destroy it.

that find the babe that wrapped seen before. we should prayed to God We

clothes in a lying in swaddling this He came to deliver the needy. and the meaning of we might know

manger. new event and a voice answered us, He came to bind up the brokensick, to heal the the to open star is the of is to be hearted, "This who Him suddenly Shepherd. Second Then blind, deaf. eyes of the the the ears of the the of Jews, Redeemer King of born a multitude the angelthere was with

a troubled into search peace Jerusalem, bring this child of to death, out Highest, in the and city to Goding—Gloryheavenly hosts, praising God and saypromised of old. Go thou to the Holy He came to take the sting from unto that the Father of bear witness thou to reveal mayest world, and will to men. goodon earth, peace,

Him."the children of men."

left our have Shepherd. Third We

the Second Wise Man. We hastened The choir sings "Hallelujah to worship have com?flocks and

Christ child. (They kneel in adorato Jerusalem and sought King Herod Chorus."

tion and the choir sings "Holy

Night"). oc>$9Vst -*> j.-a,ii*w., /..../, i

Curtain Transitional music introducing tEra Directors Win Success

Continued from Scene V page 9 1 Place. The stable. Raft River; Menan, Roberts and 1st mond 1st and 2nd of Taylor Stake

Description of scene. The same as \Vards of Rigby; Pine Valley and East Pratt of Teton; Vernon of Tooele

Scene IV. When the curtain goes up Wards of St. George; Ashurst, El Glines and Vernal 2nd of Uintah,

the stage is in semidarkness and the Paso and Globe of St. Joseph; BerkeUnion Ward of Union Stake; Provo

spot light is turned on the star which ley Ward of San Francisco; Capitol 4th Ward of Utah Stake; Kemmerer

hangs above the stable. When the Hill and 4th of Salt Lake; Grandview and Randolph of Woodruff Stake;

Wise Men enter the stable the lights of Sharon; Centerville 1st, 2nd, FarmMarysville of Yellowstone; La Verkin

are increased to a brilliant glow. The ington, North Farmington, and West and Rockville Wards of Zion Park

Wise Men approach. Bountiful Wards of South Davis Stake, are all well over 100% of

Stake; Ephraim No. and West Wards their quota.

First Wise Man. Behold the star of So. Sanpete; Annabella, Monroe Photographs of Mrs. Louise Udall,

stands! North and South Wards of South St. Johns Stake, and of Alvin Jones,

Second Wise Man. Aye, but it Sevier; Bedford of Star Valley; Rayof Taylor Stake were not available.

CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE

Two Fold Purpose in Selecting Music

By EDWIN P. KIMBALL

the work of the ward choir vidual should not desire to perfect the faithful performance of duty by there is twofold activity which himself in proper and uplifting enour people are caused to marvel thatINmust be kept in mind. First, deavor. In fact it is most laudable our people do so much.

his exert desire that so and should he the as choir, a of ward part the is One led to now the question, Is is at the this efforts. done But the in definite when a place hasorganization labor is that done merely out a of overeither fellows, his expense of by personal the second, service;routine of sense of as duty well performed as that privileges or rights their riding and is it varied of as upmembership, is made which done with enthusiastic desire to responsibilities his neglecting by and considered beindividualities, must and because a of genuine enjoyment of as hinder to in such manner these them must of for; both the andplanned itself? work is There no intention

a it ceases to be their advancement, orthe if of thebe understood work here of minimizing the beauty and to less source virtue. proin is the common The function toganization worthiness of performance inspired in inspirathe is find to all turn which after may because, we worship, large ofgram measure a by sense of

at persons duty—oil that work tion keeps most the of achievement the done,said and who works out a of live realization of

is a duty. feeling in a of There cause exto the proportion in will is bechoir duty entitled to great credit is and larger a are atcan their people show no its who and members ofcellence ahead way of one does who nothing giving individuals of much number the work.titude all. toward at the But intention is here to sense a service of of duty excellent out to be in choosing music Therefore the make reader feel that the great

fact Saints. In Latterday the than it to well will belearned things sung and in history have not been perurged been to do much always have we in activity this mind, twofoldkeep formed in this spirit. Rather a comis to it duty because that our do we a choice such the in toand way make bination of conversion, duty, and perso it, been response the has do and useful as a choir theas will develop sonal elation is what has carried the observe outsiders that wonderful who the of the in machineryinstrument world forward. Conversion means

ward and as a process in the education understanding, intelligent acceptance, of the members. The position of the and when this is the basis upon which

choir in the plan of worship has been one begins one's consecration to duty, treated in considerable detail in the If I Could Write Sonnets using ways and means in achievement issued"Choristers'by Manual"the and Committee,Church Music the By Jessie Sundwall asthatwellthrillas carryand developforward thethe individual,movement reader's attention is herewith directed TF I could write sonnets and sing them or purpose of consecration, the result to Chapter I of that book to refresh * to you, is sure to be uplifting to all conthe matter in his mind. Much could I'd write one each morning entirely new. cerned.

first all about be would I'd make one The efthe to the advantage saidbe about Being -fold two in activity, music eyes, in ourfectiveness choir's the part of for the choir should be chosen the in describing with used adjectives With the use of resulting the fromworship this thought in mind. skies, choir The must

is purthe suitable notmost music—it its and or in Serene, part do changing, sunny deep and the of program worship

is It time. at this that discuss topose blue. singing by is music that appropriate

assumed that choir leaders have worked If I could write sonnets and sing them and suitable; the individuals in the

out in their own minds a conception to you. choir must be kept interested by havreligious suitableof the of power ing the opportunity of learning and would tell of the style of your song, Next I

realize that that they suitable songsand singing that is music serious worthy walk, only have a place in our services. CerThe lilt of your laughter, the way that study and rehearsal. Only in this

tainly, the first consideration given to you talk, way can a leader hope to hold his talservice activity in the choir shouldany give whenever that ache you me The ented singers, especially if is there an sad, lines you're as willbe produce along such outlet through other any organization whenever broadcast that joys you The in service effectivenessgreater the of in the for community that enthusiasm glad, you're to a disposition strongerworship and is life which the of talented, progrescharms and each for moment, mood A congregathe in the hearts ofworship sive students. that Music can read be a few, not

is tasktion. the and primary That at sight I sing If write sonnets offers them and and diffireal could which no

choirresponsibility of work. to you. culty necessity or for practice will inIt will interesting to be for consider terest talent. only mediocre is This not caution I write, last with but would Ata few minutes the other function of to say that selection is of music that fear, andthe as choir above, suggested namely, is difficult unreasonably to be recomintangible, so so sweet that something a Ofprocess of the of education members, mended. the director Let use dear, comand a time of musical and intellectual Of the something within that is shining monsense, and observe the effect of

progress enjoyment. are and There without, the music he rehearses, both himupon to turntwo sources which we may to That makes you a pal and a mighty good self his singers, will and upon and he scout,find in infor service the reason most

dividuals. The more common, though The part that I cherish the part that is soon discover that by observing this

not the more ideal, prevalent as it is, true, twofold purpose in the selection of write sonnets and sing them If I could his he will music fulfil his part both search individual's is the after perto you. the obligation in'of of worship, andsonal can progress There and pleasure.

be no sensible reason why the inditerest his singers.

IPIRIIESTNOODAll Melchizedek Priesthood material ts prepared under theQUORUMSdirection of the Council of the Twelve;

"""V and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric. r*

Pages from My "Book of Remembrance"

By ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT

THEREwar noware happilymany scenesfadingoffromthe I. The Promise oftheirAmmonmotherswho"thathadtherebeen wastaughta justby

memory. But even war may God; and whosoever did not doubt,

leave its bright remembrances that they should be preserved by his in friendly contests and competed had to marvelous power."me, Turning comradeship, true andof manhood

sport. of impressively: said he slowly and the evidences watchof undyingsome

left before Elder Just home, we justi- "I boys, in of which ofcare promise God, you goodness the name and

J. called adto Samuel Layton was if faithwill the that continue Lord, you those of incidents of rehearsalfy the

dress the meeting. sacrament had He to ful the the Lord, of commandments days. dark andcloudy

a the but minutes spoken few sins vices the when the of world, avoid and and it came to Canada when came War all Spirit the will the keep of rested him. Wisdom, of you upon Word Lord 4, Ca1914. Augustto England, on fulfil be to back preserved a and come that promised prompting Under he coninto volunteers formednadian life's work."if did nine that of this group boys we in their place tooktingents soon and while of our nothing which away I this letter the a copy promise from troops beside from trenchesthe

mothers be ashamed would would we possession, in which I wrote now my Country.Mother return all live to after the war afto th mother immediately the 13 was home my was organized In Alberta

over. ter the meeting. Rifles; and "C"MountedCanadian

Squadron of this regiment was made later eight of months A FEW of Amerboys largely of little Mormon determined,up group in our us W/E the in England; of (one were of sons mostly were birth.ican They this of eight, that a rewas

parents who had settled in Canada in group had been detained in Canada;) ward worth the seeking. But as I look

obedience to a call from the President and in the midst of the alluring tempback I wonder at the temptations that of the Church. Living there, they tations and lax moral standards of came to us. Our best friends persistfelt an obligation to assist the country camp life we drew more closely toently offered us tobacco. "No use

of their adoption in its day of need. gether. In our tent at night we disrefusing,"they told us, "when you're

They loved not war for its glamor and cussed the folks at home and the home out in the trenches in France, standthe deeply they resentedadventure, but ing all night to waist try in icy teachings. to to your determined up We

that heard sometimesimputation you'll glad be teachings of a mud, those than the observe little smoke more we

Mormons were not loyal, and they had before enlisting, and to prove or a little rum to warm you up."

stood forth in the ranks to disprove worthy representatives of our loved "Oh, you wont drink tea! Wait till

this assertion. ones. Regularly at night we knelt you've marched all day with nothing

in a group in our tent and prayed God to eat, and when you go for your raheld in the service there's tions at night a Sunday nothing assist us. to but tea "*"A T Alberta, issued! on you're Wait till of Taber, out wounded granted leave, we sought out When town

March 26, 1916, Major Hugh B. our Conference headquarters in Lonin No Man's Land, perishing from

Brown, then commanding "C"Squaddon. There we were welcomed with thirst, and you see a shell hole, and

ron of the 13 th, made a ringing call true American hospitality by President you crawl over to drink some of the for recruits. Nine boys responded, James Gunn McKay and his missionwater that has seeped into it—and

ranging in age from eighteen to twenaries. He even invited us to assist in you find a corpse lying there! You'll

together street meetings and other Church grown up tyone. We had

the Sungatherings. your Quorums, be glad1 "of"Whata littleif boiledyou're tea,aboutwon'tto in the Priesthood

day School and the Mutual; we had I was appointed by him to attend go over the top, and you need somejoined together in the fun of the dance a meeting of the South London thing to brace you up—I guess you'll

Branch. I remember relating some of take your share of the rum all right."

*Many of all ages in the Church today the testimonies gained in the army. "There's no need to be squeamish

of Rememtheir "Books compiling the spoke, give it; you'll to in sooner President have about McKay When

their of records later; it's upto rested mightily absolutely impossible arebrance"—intimate or own Spirit the Lord of

their famthemselves and sacred to lives, he there impressed get said along without them; out He how on him. testimonies preserved are ilies. In these

which came into the lives of our forewas with the story of our holding you might as well give in now and fathers, as an inspiration for us to emulate "family prayers."Then he told of enjoy them."

their goodness; in them are recorded faiththe two thousand sons of the people We could not argue down our

promoting experiences from our own friendly tempters. They must know,

lives, that they may stimulate our chilfor some of them had been in France living. to nobledren for promhad months. But Lord

articles these in given experiences The Lord Says—The his he ised through theservants—had stories which typical of the as written are is not good for man, but "Tobacco physthat us asked was something the for these books, in included be 1ofmay cattle."sick bruises and ically impossible.'is in for rich Saint life Latterday of every

such incidents. I shall always think it a blessing

The Improvement Era for December, 1931 101

that we came in our reading to the TN November, 1917, came the charge photo, not alone because they remind story of Lehi, who requested his sons of our squadron at Cambrai. Two me of the preservation of a friend,

to go to Jerusalem for the sacred of the group of eight took part. My but because they are the symbols of aplates. The older sons refused, saying horse went down as we crossed, victory—an undying 'testimony to me

the thing he asked of them was an utswords drawn, over a frail bridge. that, if we do our part, the word of

ter impossibility. But Nephi said: Somehow I managed to fall free of my the Lord does not fail!

"I will go and do the things which the horse as he rolled over into the water,

Lord hath commanded, for I know that carrying the whole side of the bridge /\THERS of the group are doubtless the Lord giveth no commandments unto with him. I lost my sword in the - recording their iown experiences.

the children of men, save he shall prepare water, but managed to strike the waLowell Duncombe was with the regi- a way for them that they may accomplish ter a glancing blow, so that I did not ment ordered to charge, on their the thing which he commandeth them."sink, despite my heavy load, and manhorses in full daylight, a wood brist-

/\NE by one, or in groups of two agedbeforeto I swimcouldout.dragTheouttroopsmy almostpassed lingobjectedwith -tomachinethe order,guns. sayingThe Colonelit was

or three, we went to France. We drowning horse, and all the while a madness to make that charge and

then something byknew of what we intensely things sniper the men. made to certain death The German meant

weire venturing. a For, few weeks straggler limpcame lively perempfor me. shouted BrigadierGeneral Aprevious, slept Binning, beside who 'B'I Squadron.'"'don't back. "Where's that ing wood! torily, "Charge

us, announced that one morning he said, I;of "Surhe asked. them a "Gone!"one care whether damn

draft, jubilantlywas on and he Sir pieces!""Poor to cut charged; and and rounded They back!"comes

line the away.marched he went. Up I 'B'heard he someone old written Squadron!"of what has Phillip Gibbs

lay at night, he sleeping hisAs with which say. venture, foolhardy the termed

abreast, shellcomrades four a came horse dead left every minutes I a in few waited shivering, and Drenchedhurtling over, struck their dugout, of field. Fortunately, most the night. upon that About long through thestrewed of bodies a Binning and was Lowell escaped, and the comrades men o'clock, twenty 9 some all thebedmate left valley, over and his horse those who, when escaped their among and through fought waythe other untouched! two One mornitrench and a into crawled a. down, ten lines. m., went more 2 to Near ouring Billy said Sibley smilingly, "Well, rode soldier my all! Another escaped. was through. straggled ThatI I'll to France, going see and am some still was that action into to horse the of group one Leslie Bigelow, day—Ireal last."at action It reported was I ever horse best the in made, was promise the was whom hospital—and that in he the been not had trench

killed. there lived was surely lost! had the had He amongfive before killed. minutes he was The of the religion kept his and charged Word we of 1918 spring the In filledpapers every were morning with

stories of the big British offensive on Wisdom. Had the Lord's promise afoot up a hillside. Before starting

the Somme, and even the carefully failed? we threw off our overcoats in a pile.

censored communiques gave the imIn my Book of Remembrance I Just then a shell struck the pile and pression that hundreds of thousands have a card, worn and faded, dated changed the coats into carpet rags.

of lives were sacrificed. June 11, 1918, and postmarked "Now boys,"the Captain explained

the ito are go up bei Wesel. It came from in even tones, "We times There came in France when we Friedrichsfel will first wave in waves. hill Along a prisoner of The camp there. wardid miles, march footand when, many

sore and famished, we seized our mess with it I preserve a picture of my probably get a good dressing down.

tins and rushed to the campfire, only friend Leslie in a prisoner's uniform, You are to be the first wave. But,

to find that nothing but tea was given as I saw him in London the first remember, there are many more to you."armistice. support after the had follow and He night. that like Christmas experiences A few

suftrying days and had seen many and we stepthat to order was given and lay something we learned The by for lean days in the hour of fered untold privations, but he came ped out into the open. A furious

"plenty."We took our turn in the back alive and well. I saw him a hail of bullets shrieked over and about

trenches and crawled over No Man's few weeks ago in Canada, and he is us. We ran a few steps, dropped

Land; and we traded our rations of still "carrying on."down for a minute, ran again, and

rum and tea and cigarettes for lux- I keep that little card and the so on until we reached the brow of uries like jam and the hill. Lee Mcother foods that Omber was shot

nourished. All of through the ankle

us had our indion the way, up vidual experiencthe slope. Charlie

es. Once, in hosTufts and I carpital with the flu, ried a box of

and some complimachine gun amcations, I was munition between puzzled. "At this us. A shell struck

stage of your a bank of earth sickness,"the aton a j level with tendants explainour heads and a ed, "we serve few yards in front you nothing but of us. As it extea.""But I ploded, however,

don't drink tea,"the particles were

I said.. "Can't thrown upwards,

you get me some and we escaped.

milk?""It has Just beyond we

never been done, came to a sunken but we'll try."road. Another

So I was served shell struck light milk instead of Sheep On the Sevier River between our feet tea. "He leadeth me beside the still waters'and exploded. We

102 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

were knocked down and somewhat tail of the plan we were to follow, nearly two days. So we'll surprise

dazed; he had a few holes cut in his before he would leave. We started them."Only six of us came back to

tunic; several on either side of us through the wood single file. I was eat it, and for once there was plenty.

were stricken down or severely woundthird in line. Shells were tearing Eight months more of active service

ed; but neither of us was scratched! through the trees and snapping them followed. In a cavalry charge at Le

off, like matchwood. Bullets were Cateau, Charlie Tufts received a shrap-

j AM told that as he ran forward cracking on all sides of us, and an airnel wound on the hand and was in to take the place of a machine plane added to the interest by firing hospital for a month or so. The armgunner who had been killed another upon us from overhead. A bullet istice found us in Belgium, in hot purshell struck between: his legs, but struck and the first man crumpled; a suit of the retreating enemy. Every

failed to explode. As I returned from second, and the next man groaned one of the eight had had narrow

carrying wounded to the dressing and fell stark. It was my turn next. escapes; two had been wounded, and

station, I fell in with some British I am thankful that it never came. one had been a prisoner of war for a

troops coming to our support.:The The boys of the troop who had year; but all of them came back home

Major in command of the party was remained back of the line with our alive and well and all are alive today, struck on the knee and it was shathorses prepared a sumptuous meal for spared for their life's mission. The

tered. With perfect selfcontrol, in us. "They will be good and hungry Promise of the Lord was fulfilled.

the midst of what must have been exafter this fight,"they told themselves, cruciating pain, he explained every defor they haven't had any rations for (To be continued)

How Jacob Hamlin Avoided An Arrow

TN the early days of Utah there was ally murderous, in their activity been in the canyon very long when he a man named Jacob Hamblin. Peoamong the settlements. said to her, "We'd better go home."

ple called him a scout and the "MorBefore that, when Hamblin's asShe wanted to know why. But he

mon Leatherstocking,"but he was sociations with the American native only shrugged his shoulders. You

more than an Indian runnerin and began, he threw himself in front of know how that is, when you feel more than the figure in Cooper's seven or eight of them, whom the something yourself that you cannot books. He was a missionary to the leader of the colony there was about prove to the satisfaction of others.

Indians. to have shot, for stealing cattle and So they went home—for no reason,

He was very susceptible to the imother things worse. Hamblin said, as it appeared.

pressions of the Holy Spirit. In this "I have given my word to these Some years after that, when Hamrespect he was like President Wilford Indians that they shall be spared, and blin had become well acquainted with

Woodruff. Some who were not reif my word is of no value, then shoot the Indians and become respected and

ligious used to call these impressions me first."trusted by them, Big Foot, an Indian

of Hamblin's "hunches."But that is another story. He had chief, told him that on this occasion

Once he and his wife, with their a feeling on that occasion that, if he he and some others were about to send children, went into the canyon near never injured a Lamanite, his own some arrows at them and that they

Tooele, where they lived, to pick life would not be taken by them. And were close enough to have sent them

some wild fruit, which they intended so there was really no provocation for into the heart. Just at that moment,

to put up for use in the winter. In them to injure Hamblin. the Indian added, Hamblin left, with

those days Indians in that part of He and the wife intended to stay all the family.

the Territory were mean, occasionday picking berries. But they had not Thus his life was saved.

What Shall My Life Be?

/\NE of the problems every young way. For the most part, the gospel of the Lord could deliver his message

man must face sooner or later is message must depend on men and in good English, too."

this: What shall I do for a living.''women who earn their bread in one of And that is true.

Benjamin Franklin's father, who the regular ways. The Spirit of the Lord, of course,

appears to have been as wise as his But that does not mean that we do is the main requisite in teaching regreat son afterwards became, took not require any preparation for the ligion. But there are matters in conBenjamin out through the town of business of preaching, if we may call it nection with the work that can be

Boston, where the family lived, to see such. Preaching the gospel is a deligot through study and reflection

the various classes of men at work. He cate task, and calls for knowledge, tact, good grammar, for instance, the psythought that, when the boy saw what skill, and an interest in human beings chology of communication and rehe was really fitted for, he would recand human nature. ception of ideas, and so on.

lesser priestthe of quorums The itognize choose accordingly. and a heard man, prominent We

are best places the to acquire the hood tell rathanother, day, other "I would selecting is a But vocation the not things. these of secondary But many spirit er a the missionary with haveonly thing that to needs one to look they acquired. to be ought the could of speak than Lord thisin one who living. matter of must He

perfect language.""Well,"it. mostprepare for cannot to the hope One these questions? answer you Can great "it a said the other, be wouldfall heir to a vocation it well do and is the president the of ( 1 ) Who Spirit the if the deal better with man trainingwithout for the work. ever seen Church? him? you Have

Among Christian churches it is the (2) Who are his counselors? Have

practice to go into the ministry. That you ever seen either of them?

is, if a feels religious one liking for all the presidents the of is full (3) Name so of world a number PHE to collegework, one goes prepares and that the have Church had from we all sure things of should I'm we to living. preach the gospel a for beginning. as as kings. be happy

is necessary. deemedThat characteristic, in your What (4) L. Stevenson.—R. Latterday Saints sets not have do the The present mind, of the members

nany who make their living in this First Presidency apart?

MUTUAL MESSAGES Executive Vepartmentr—*

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendence'General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

GEORGE SMITH, 47 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET ALBERT FOX, MAY RUTH RICHARD R. LYMAN, CANNON, GRANT LUCY

MELVIN J. BALLARD, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

Executive Secretary: 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING General Secretary:

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ELSIE HOGAN

Effective Administration Methods 'I *HIS was the subject of a talk given stake officer, keep this thought in work for him, let him do it in his own by Stake Executives at all M. I. mind!. Personality includes: lookfs, way as long as the right results are ac-

A. conventions this fall. The followvoice, cleanliness and neatness, spiritcomplished, and give him your full

ing, from Ensign Stake, is typical of uality, knowledge of the gospel, schosupport and confidence."Many Bishthe rest: lastic preparation or mental alertness, ops of Wards, and stake officials could

The dictionary defines "method"executive ability. well profit by this splendid advice

is leaders. so one quality domigreat Sometimes They one of our from or which we mode by wayas:—A a position additional as to qualify nant one for load, a without have heavy to the attainment proceed some aim. of

Our aim, as Mutual Improvement in spite of weakness in other ways. burdens belonging to someone else..

officers, is the building of Latterday For instance, one though not educated It is the place of the Executive to

Saints. Any way or means used in in college, may yet have a persistence administer the business of the organdoing this effectively may be called a and love for study, a habit of prayer ization; to supervise, organize, counmethod. and work, which make up for the sel and support, and to be ready to

It is not my purpose to give delack of other qualifications. see when things should be checked:

tailed pedagogical methods; rather I Physical appearance is very importto see that the M. I. A. program, as should like to mention a few ways ant to young people,—looks, cleanligiven to us, is carried out in the best

and means which, to me, are fundaness and trimness of dress and groompossible way suited to our conditions;

mental to effective administration. ing. Young people like a "pretty to give a word of praise for work

Much the same thought and considerteacher."That doesn't necessarily well done, and to let the detailed work

ation, system and efficiency, can be put mean a pretty face; it means a pleasing of a department be done by the indiinto administration of M. I. A., as appearance and manner, and many vidual in charge.

one would put into any business or people whose features alone are not responsibility. pretty or handsome yet pass this test

I shall consider in turn: because of gentle manner or a pleasing II. The Place of the

I. Method in the selection of ofvoice or some other qualification. Union Meeting

ficers. Executives often select persons just

fill to positions, a great and without II. place of the given as union meeting. The I. A. program M. pHE

fitness. deal of as to thought OneIII. necessity invenof personal The yet elastic, and to us is somewhat

in in a these be should not hurry mattory. degree, a to conformity be there must

ters, deliberate should but pray and leaders,IV. do As we measure up? sake stake, the for a especially within

for a fitting look and watch, combiin means unity. One order and of

qualities nation to of strong enough susthe officers for stake of the handsI. in the Method success. for make Meetis the Union unity of taining

officer, Once chosen you have an Officers of Selection ing.

after prayer deliberation, and much the in mistake very common One let his do him job first unhampered. conthe things of which/\NE that teachers to promises been has past"President Frank for Taylor, Y. so execu- a fronts appointed newly Union excused from be they would

a years successful president many of is oftive a selection of the of quorum execuasked have ward Meeting. We the Granite Stake Zion, of passedficers, delicate a important and most promises. such to The tives not make

this to years word ago, many meresponsibility. Stake Board members I. A. class the of teachertraining M.

father, his from President John Tayfill- face the in to the thinghave same success is Meeting. The the Union

lor. father His said to him, "My detheir respective positions foring of depends upon Meeting the of Union son, a you chosen when have man exin the wards, ward andpartments sucits membership. individual The

a for position, try his not to do do counsel their seekecutives and should depends upon department cess of each advice regarding selections. individual members. Some think they

enter elements into the Many matthe Meeting. not need do Union No twin

ter I. selection for of fitness as A. III M. is educated that so canwell he man PMKMPii lllii iofficers, least is not and the of them lesson each not absorb day. some He 11ill;personality of individual. an One his lend others, can help to knowledgeman has defined personality as:—he needs the enthusiasm and renewed

"Man's total ability to meet life."In spiritual strength which he may gain.

selecting persons who are to administer It has been our observation thata department, either as a ward or as a jyy the people who do not attend Union..;

104 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

Meeting are not the most successful called to this organization must bebeing actively dissatisfied with things measured jby Dr. Bennion's estimate lieve in M. I. A.; we must live it, we and conditions that we can make betof success. He says you will know must feel that it is our part in this ter. It provides for an "allness"of

if a class is a success, (1) if it has world teaching. knowledge that includes the knowlgrown in membership, and (2) if the The "will to do,"is the great key edge of how to get more knowledge.

membership has increased or grown to success. May I ask the question, It provides for a fullness of glory that

in knowledge. "Are you willing to get in and give has in it endless increase of glory.

the best that you have?"Bertha S. Its possessions are not limited to morIII. Taking Inventory Stevenson. tality.istic of humanAdvancementintelligence;is a characterdiscovery

TTTTE should take a personal invenand |new achievement are major tory occasionally, asking the Program for Sunday sources of joy; consistency in thought

question: Am I jwhat I should be? calls for the conclusion that no avenue I have what I call a measuring stick Evening Conjoint of elevative enjoyment is closed to the

which to I apply myself. We have Meeting todwellersthe inhabitantsin Heavenof thatEarth.is left openasked officers our teachers and to study

it it and apply to themselves to and General Individual Progression Effort Theme—Eternal Notothers they consider whom may choos- 1. Introductory Sufficient the remarks by

asing is It workers. outline an given Officer. Presiding

eternal The progress yearssome ago Brother by which belongs A. John 2. Singing Christian "Onward to an life abundant atWidtsoe a cannot June convention, be and made Soldiers"or other suited some hymn without help. Progresswith your permission it shall made read exby J the to theme. perience is alone life not briefly.and at comment high tide; 3. Invocation previby some one

is obedience.essential. Dr. said, Widtsoe one When thinks organiza- "An ously to eliminate obediencetion will his from be greater no or stream smaller no 4. to the theme. life of appointed.Music—Suited he shuts off the itsthan supply leaders."of called atHe power our 5. Slogan (A) The Comments. coming ]above, fromtention to and Ave beyond requisites, major as himPresentation. (B) self; is he like the man refuses whofollows:—6. (Preferably from to follow a 1 or chart Reading—map other the its than Church and beginning "If Faith—In you memory) Hymn one made himself. byleaders; in your work. hie to could Kolob."

is It safe to 2. say that obedience the acfor those work 7. the minutes 15 Love—In on celerates Address—onwardness.with desirable The you work. a theme, of universal point view advancement the of 3 soul of t de- c 1 a man u facts hereinformation (See presented Knowledge—Awhom—pends effort upon plus obedience,knowledge the of plus gospel; knowledge after.)

the inspiration of theof Almighty. principles I. of A. M. the 15 minutes on 8. Address—4. an industrious a scriptural point of view from theIndustry—Be The Developing Powerpersistent of the worker. hereinafter.) presented material and—'(Seetheme, Doctrine 5. leader Prayerfulness—"No must 9. Singing, Thee, Thank "We O

rely his upon resources."own other a Prophet"or some for God, is The a part now the of forever,

Five requisites, associated is to the theme. time hymn part eternity. of belief that A thewith minormajor:—one 10. some it holds in the idea of \ unending suitedBenediction—By 1. faith there notified of and appointed previously achievement Optimism—With and will growth, stimubemust joyful looking forward. late the theme. interest an in the achieveof means

2.,*must only love not our Wea ment.

work, but be generous must and we bodies are Our machines of conin Assist to Materialself effacing. to recognize ready Be quest; progress without bodies canothers.accomplishment of of Talks Preparation equal the not progress with them. In-

3. Along with there knowledge terest inevitably leads to care of. m of Doctrine Provisions of the self reliance. bemust the courHave given plan for Any progress human Progression Eternalage to give forth your knowledge. will include provisions for physical

Inspire others that you know. To skill, is one which of the high points expanconstant the provides for TT beliefteach believe. must you in physical development. the intelligence, and sion of human 4. persistbe a only Not must you idea progress of the The and emoof discovery the freedom, of extensionent worker, inmust you your make arising tions in of discovery but the of the improvement the the and newdustry count. ahead. Plan your work intellectual of world are achievement things of doing the common find will In old, help everywhere.You lure urge to activity, in both and mental for It provides way. a an uncommonbeginning of subhave broad view is idea the and connected when up

ject. Work out details week by week, with a belief in the endlessness of progmonth by month. ress, it takes hold of the believer and

5. Draw strength from prayer. We holds him to the task of reaching

prayerful, not only bemust must we levels higher broader viewing and |f$JwPJ$Sji||g0|| strength prayer. ofdraw out A good in that wearies not, a but way w-f/f/T \ 'i.*jff*BlS?fl fields alsoleader should be a good follower. ilSftsifailt develops the to utmost.

Pray in faith and with an openmind- The doctrine of eternal progress edness for help. flllllffffi pros provides for the development of manhood into that of Godhood, by huin following the line of progmanityIV. Do I Measure Up? WP nSlfemm&: divinities; ress taken by the

AMIlike theto gokindto?of leader I should 81 vUv childrenpossessors,to fromcreators,possessorsfrom caretakersto makersfromto

teachers. worlds. a Dr. of church We are N6CSONWH1T&- of *-- said, conference, recent at such a belief and the hope aWidtsoe, With

"It is our privilege to teach the truth that must inevitably accompany it, to the world."We who have been - the spiritual nature of man is kept in

The Improvement Era for December, 1931 105

a state of activity that is conducive to high standards of development. Thus >-does the doctrine of eternal progression Community Activity

provide for our physical, mental, and spiritual development. A LREADY nearly onehalf of the Dancing

time allotted for the carrying on The course for this department

Some Citations to Scripture of our special activities in Music, provides for considerable activity as

The loss of the privilege of progressDrama, Dancing, Public Speaking and well as a fine study of the art of dancion, the punishment of Satan. See Story Telling, has passed. Everying. The third evening was entirely

compendium Page 277. where the program has been favorably devoted to dances and dance mixers,

Eternal increase a privilege of the received and entered into with eagerthe tenth evening to the learning of

Celestial Kingdom. See Doctrine and ness. In some associations whose the correct waltz step, the eleventh

Covenants, 132:19, 20. numbers are small and whose leaderand twelfth to the tango step and conThe Victory of the Savior, progship or housing facilities are limited test dance,.while the others call for

ressive. See Doctrine and Covenants it has been possible to take up only constant demonstration of points pre65:5 and Revelations 11, 15. one or two of the subjects outlined, sented.

God's onwardness unending. See while in larger wards whose advantDoctrine and Covenants 32. ages are greater three or four or all Public Speaking

of the groups are being conducted. While the twelve evenings are deSome Suitable Quotations programPrimarilyintendedthis tois increasean educationalindividvotedin the topreparationa study ofandthe deliveryvarious stepsof a

inspeech, the actual presentation by arts, fine these but for appreciation ages ual the through not I doubt"Yet,

It it. should dividuals accompany hand, in there must go with it, hand runs, purpose increasingOne

every practically intended that on was inprinciples the the are of expression widened of thoughts the menAnd

With the process of the Suns."—Tennyson. volved.connectionIt withis hoped,all oftherefore,the groupsthatconin eveninglivered illustratingbrief speechesthe pointsshoulddiscussed.be debegan step, since time activity there"Step ducted has by been much

gain steady of man."I see the in perStory in either the half or hour period

Whittier. iods outside of the M. I. A. meeting. There has been little or no difficulty

"We live by administration, hope and love in this course as again and again full there the the are suggestion course throughout even asand and wisely fixed Music ascend."being, of weIn dignity offered that stories analyzed and be—Wadsworth. In this division there are four told in the class period. is

not and enjoyment, in approvided:Not music One Drama destined way. or endIs our enriched and sorrow coursespreciation—enlivened act, each tomorrow to that of actual play proBut The combining inillustrations but throughout by

farther us thanFinds in appreciation duction with a course listen those for tended mainly who today.—Longfellow. difficult the is for of somewhat drama singfor three rather than sing—and feet, we vices under ourIf tread our we casts are that reason up made when ladies'chorchorus, ing.groups—male make interest of the individuals certain of these of each chorus. us and For mixed to rise ladder a which we by themOf selected decreases.,not those listare selections of groups a number things. higher

i are opportunities However many in all prepared ed, Augustine. be of must which—St. enthe participation for presented by eligible be the that group order may stately mansions, thee more"Build

certain tire reading of the in group Festival the in participate to Music soulO, my criticising each discussing scenes, in and roll! seasons the swift Conference, theAs to at June be held

Leave the low vaulted past! 1932. Where housing facilities are other's rendition, in interpreting given

techlast stage in the lines, nobler than temple, demonstrating each andLet new the are using these groups favorable a more heaven with dome thee fromShut nique. reanalysis for and half period hour

vast casts for selected individuals The are listed selections the of hearsal and free, art 'Till at length thou group (excused are either from the to also it necessary doubtless finding life's shell by thine outgrownLeaving the during rehearsals their to carry on the rehearsals regtheir extend beyond unresting will be proor there halfperiod hour time. Mutual W. Holmes. ular sea."—O. for rehearsal. additional time vided once was, It is strongly urged that all musicWhat man is God

What God is—Presidentman may become.Lorenzo Snow groupstheir workwho willhaveorganizenot yet atcommencedonce and PublicDuringPresentationthe month of December, it

will work energetically during the reis recommended that each group be

And now, I give unto the church in mainder of the season. given an opportunity to present bethese parts a commandment, that cerfore the entire Mutual or the ward

tain men among them shall be appointsome feature of the work accomplished.

ed. * * * by the voice of the church. The suggestions in the Activity ManAnd they shall look to the poor and ual (page 69) are indicative of what

the needy, and administer to their relief may be done.

that they shall not suffer; and send

them forth to the place which I have Note: This year's activities in all

commanded them, and this shall be lines are exceeding those of other years, their work, to govern the affairs of the if the amount of printed material called property of this church. * * * And for is any index. Many of the publiif ye seek the riches which it is the will cations of the M. I. A. have been sold

of the Father to give unto you, ye out, and reprints must be made. If

shall be the richest of all people, for your orders are not filled promptly, the ye shall have the riches of eternity;* * probable reason is that the new copies

but beware of pride, lest ye become as are not yet off the press, and in the the Nephites of old.—Doc. & Cov., shortest possible time, your materials

Section 38. will be sent.

1 06 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

Part VII—Adult Leisure

> ActivitiesAdult Messages Leaders Have you a recreation leader? Adult personalities have resulted

Has she a program? from the effect of environment on

hereditary instincts. tendencies and Adult group should,two haveU* ACH it Is she putting over?

interests habits While and may be Leaders Adult (one Y. one M. & Have had you a "hobby night?"fixed, still there possibilities are great the discussionY. L.) for or pestudy

riod and two for the recreation period. Is your group interested in music? for development. The healthy adult

(See Outline Music to Activity continues experiences, Handenjoy new as far possible So should laymen book.) lines responds to the and along beauty asbe discussion leaders, used if it but

his interests. of established or His little your stunt group Can put on toseems it use wise expert an should

is self her for need expression always plays? (See Plays,""Stunt 75c, inbe one the sympathy with book

present. Inc., Publishers, Old Town New Live"the and Out- "Study To

affords For some work-a-day world to or send Deseret York, Book Comthe by Adult Comself for opportunity expression and Salt City.) pany, Lakeline"—providedmittee."How

brings adventure. and These men several your Does group know Discussion Adult Leaders The recreate to their energies need women they their can games play with youngshould earnest effort an to have make to leisure at in relax the and hours in folks their home? ownevery class the of supplied member the home. worlk-a-day For many

like the to a Does dance groupwith your Outline Study (15c). This grants opportunities, such world no oldtime towill the or dances enable at newtime each to read member

all so that the adventure maturity of gether?least the salient Let them. points the and L. D.

leisure at gotten in the be must hours

S. beliefs to class the and precome Is leader your recreation building a If a abroad. task be and desk home

to discuss the Itpared lesson. will to to do do and how leisthe daily occupation, the of some kit—activitiesdirect their to thought the subject and activity kit whiswith an ure in active time spent should be them—and their eyesopen to newspaper and magtle, etc., twine, bags, so to as do if recreation; physmakes heavy workazine articles line. the along same things? (See Recreation Supplement, ical leisure the should demands, hours

A few cents contributed bv each pp, 4146, in Study Outline to acpermit physical relaxation and mental member would supply the class with company. "How to Live.") activity.

several.copies of "How To Live."Do you write to the Adult ComThe leisure activities that will deThese books could then be used by mittee General Board to help you velop the adult to the fullest will dethe members who have part on the solve your problem? pend, therefore: 1st, on abilities and

program. at Adult group The Rock interests, to the extent 2nd, and upon class leader a live will have A live is to beSprings congratulated havon the afford hours opporwhich work are old they whether or 25 years 100

itsing 18 copies members. among tunity individual for expression. But years young.

Recreation should Leaders two The leisure at such should hours home is while worth Nothing withdone theread for instructions in them for: effort. the out while play provide worth Even

I. pages A. and Handbook, 62M. Self artistic creexpression is through effort great only joy and comes

the Activity194; Community Manif ation exist; abilities any or through activities. while worth from

;ual, the 4 Chapters Study and 5 and useful, planning constructing and and limited Out- "Study of number AOutline, 41. page articles; often beautiful, or through use line"for the of within "Leisure

the Family Group"prepared by the research by experimentation, collecRecreation General Federation of Women's Clubs tion and observation.

are obtainable. Write to the Y. M. Interpretation of works of art by

A DULTS need to play, to relax, M. I. A. Office, 406 Church Office reading aloud, reciting, acting, playing

to make their leisuretime an Building, Salt Lake City, and enclose music, singing, etc., or study of and

antidote for their work, recreate their a two cent stamp, if you desire a discourse on scientific, philosophical, spirits for the next day's work and copy. political and economic subjects.

add to the wholeness of their living. From this leaflet we print: Part Appreciation of art, results of sci-

—haveManynotadultsskillshavein a notgreatbeenmanytrainedculVII Adult Leisure Activities. ence,Renewalcivic ofmovements.youth through play with

tural or leisuretime activities, still children.

we are making use of but a tithe of Social intercourse with other adults those they have in our Adult Mutual through play or through mutual interGroups. ests.

Do you know that: adults need One interest may satisfy all needs.

socializing, humanizing activities example: For

.. "'"."..'*-* \g. '-4mmore than youth? man or woman interested in flow- A

That you cannot have a good adult ers may spend many winter evenings group unless you have a good recrea- ";:< '",-.fif! studying books on kinds of flowers,

tion leader? flower growing, landscaping. (InterThat this recreation leader must pretation.)

interests and the her of groupknow evenwinter spend many They may use them? the gardens. ings planning

interleisure a has everyone That v->-S.... -;f in spare time spend They may it? est, can uncover if you a hobby

it That is harder to get adults to.. -fjftflj andspring,caringsummerfor theandgarden.fall in (Selfcreatingexthan play youth?

That your leader must have a great pression.)

many types of activity in mind to They will get great joy from visitdraw from? I..: ing beautiful gardens. (Appreciation.)

The Improvement Era for December, 1931 107

They will be able to interest children in flowers. (Family interest in >adult hobby.) MenGleaners They will forge a link that will M

bind them to other flower loverp. Joint Program a Foundation of Good Manners"and

(Social intercourse.) "Social Relationships."

Or—HpHE M-MenGleaner Joint Pro- "Manners are the happy way of

A man or woman with dexterous gram for the month of December doing things: each one a stroke of

in interested studyishands become in Public."may (See "Manners or of repeated and M- genius love—now decorative historying the use of of Gleaner Manual, 140; into hardened ManMen usage."—Emerson. in stonesmetals ual, and and on the home debate: p. "Resolved 25.) p.A "Fine themselves manners show

the person, or the geology of such that equal rights for women have reformidable to the uncultivated man."

metals and stones. (Interpretation.) sulted in lessened chivalry"is sched-—Emerson.

leisure is spend this It for uled They may much suggested program.

are manners "Fine gramelody, or designs of originatingcopying as the that debate be could conducted is ciousness forsong, and some must etc. vases, (Interpretajewelry and follows:

ever in their singing be mute, only self expression.tion or ) (a) eight or contestThat more Shannon Monroe. hearts."—Anne evenspend winter may They many selected side. ants be for each

are of a not "Fine matter mannersings into metals stones working and it is If the desired (b) Gleaner finish, effective, to veneer: of be they etc.vases, (Self exjewelry, boxes, Girls debate the might M-Men. the into go mustpression.) grain."—Anne (c) select judge, one The M-Men Monroe. Shannon vists will to enjoy museums They a Girls the Gleaner judge second and

and stores where collections of stones, the two judges select a disinterested of ores, of historical jewelry and art third judge.

ware are on display. (Appreciation.) (d) Have affirmative contestant Free to Everybody

will interest the of have They first a secthe speaker negative, then and

I little a a big thing with am colorful things lovechildren and who >alteraffirmative continue and ond meaning. will for jewelry them. want made all until nating contestants have

I help everybody. interests in adult hobby.) (Family last the spoken. each Let speaker on

I dispel hearts, doors, unlock open will friendships form among They side give rebuttal the of and summary prejudice. collectors creators these or ofother side. his points advanced by

I create goodwill. friendship and objects. intercourse.) (Socialart (e) for each minutes Perhaps two I admiration. inspire respect and

line interest, the of Determine sufficient speaker time be and would loves me. Everybody

first effort enthusithestimulate and three last the minutes for speaker on I bore nobody.

asm will be maintained. each side for rebuttal. I cost nothing.

Remember mother must have leisure For debating helps we refer you to: I lost nothing.

interests of her very own apart from "The Right Thing at all Times,"Many have praised me, none have thoughts and deeds for her family. pages 6370; 7376; 8085; 173condemned me.

She can only continue to hold her 176. I am pleasing to those of high and

place in the social life of the grownThe Gleaner reading course book low degree.

up family as she makes her own con- "Singing in the Rain,"chapter XII, L am useful every moment of the tribution to its interests. "The Happy Ways,"pages 173188. dayMake your adult group the best Emerson's essay on "Manners."/ am courtesy.

in the church recreationally. "The Improvement Era"for October, with the Activity Be conversant December, and November 1931, Prayer Supplearticles and the RecreationManual Naylor, R. by Adah "The My

ment in the Study Outline. Right Thing at All Times,""Laying Teach me, dear Lord, to be too brave

-*c43S5fcsfrto be unkind, And give me understanding that I may not mind Sunrise and Morning Star The little hurts companions give, and friends, By LULU GREENE RICHARDS Those careless hurts which none quite 'I 'HE Nocturne deftly exists in his Then kisses soft her flowing hair, and intend, slumber cap and gown, sweet, responsive lips; And make me too thoughtful to hurt

While peeping at approaching forms Awaiting the approval of her sire, the other people's souls.

through curtains mauve and Morning Gleam. Help me to know the inmost hearts

brown; They dally, safely nestled in young of those for whom I care,

They come! love's transporting dream. Their secret wishes and all the loads

Their splendor excellent and glorious The Gleam, all kindness, beckons they bear;

to behold them with noble deference, That I may add my courage to their

Long silver shafts, superbly gemmed A father's smile bestows upon disown;

with violet, rose and gold. cretion's innocence, May I make lonely folks feel less

Forerunners these of greater things: benediction said, alone

As bridegroom, next in sight, The sacred marrigae service, and his And happier ones a little happier, yet

Appears the radiant Sun himself, He points them on May I forget

In glowing, dazzling light. What grandeur, What ought to be forgotten

Salutes the modest Morning Star, as When power and grace are wed! And recall, unfailing, all that ought

joyous bride serene, to be recalled

Half hidden in her bridalveil of pearl With changing shapes, and playful Each kind thing, and may I bring and snowy sheen. shades, dream fairies float away, To all along my way from day to day

in everyHe touches reverently her dainty finger And leave me with realities—a newHappiness, hope and charity

tips, born, busy day! thing.

108 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

I rememwith my mind—when > bered under not was body my things them—butGleaner Girls peace entered in. True, I knew these It their a-flutter dominion. with was

desires, It worries. have demands, to had your mine. mother glohas and She of StudyCourse recalled these to things bare by it—not rified is position her because she lovfact, rare of statements imagery, but by the of December, monthrOR is Disable, persistent, which everthe most incidents, It phrase. by soothing by had cussions Seven and Eight, Chapirresistible green and of the the reiterated mohuman truths in to have same

ters 18 to 20 inclusive of the "Histives: she has charm, though she may same key, but in many tunes, until at

tory of the Church,"pages 115139 not be beautiful of face. Her power last the influence of these truths was felt,

of the Gleaner Manual, will be given. is deep, cosmic, as strong and mysteriuntil I realized as well as believed them.

I this rare those of this books connectionIn history, was Then knew with we is as gravitation. ous She of void

since be written they out of must the references:suggest following—rare is egotism; she full selfreverence. of as as the the serve well heart text. in Chapter XVIII head—that in She girlhood, was contented happy to the into Great people bring Harmony, "Leading Out Through Go in glorified wifehood, in motherhood. I it that read again. should again and and "Essentials Ref.Transgression."Lights—has are in She a and guided wisdom sense personal gratitude of has many What one Fielding History,"JosephChurch by

206209. "Life of Joseph by her instinct, and possesses such to an author for such a find!"Smith—pagesSmith,"by George Q. Cannon, pages character that she secretly moulds the

225226. natures of her children. She is a Select three or four of the chapter

to Blessing given "Oliver feel Cowdery's ones which you in times pleas- "flowering rosebush of headings—the

"Essentials in Church the have to appeal parmost vour a ure,"in high timesAnother."—Ref. tower but of will

History,"p. 307. ticular group. these chapters Have is trouble. full heart of underHer

Mill "Haun's "One reviewed Massacre."—Ref. gleaners to best by adapted standing; feeling she the back knows ofHundred Years Mormonism,"by John the subject. give in their them Have is as the smile of words. your Her Evans,Henry pages 266268 "Essentials in Church History,"pp. 233242. reward of Heaven. She is intelligent, review their favorite quotation. As

"Life of Joseph Smith,"pp. 254258. brave and true and the best inherian example of such quotations the

"Nauvoo Made Beautiful"- -"A Day tance from the world that was and following are suggested:

of "Life of Joseph the to the of "matrix come."world Miracles."—Ref.

in the "Singing 19. Rain,"Smith,""Essentials page 291294. pp. religious the is not of in She champion

once in crater the cindery History,"I found "AndChurch 263273. pp.

is of doctrine, incarnation the but of a volcano bravely an extinct text. Chapters rooted in and XIX XX religious instinct. the heart, bleeding all delicately clear the with causes events make "To and hung

that led up to the martyrdom of the 'She is the ladder bv the brook bloodfilled blossoms. Where did it getProphet Joseph Smith and his brother where man dreams; she reaches to its nourishment in those volcanic cinders?

all get might theyHyrum."the of her rungs Heaven; upon soul Where—we ask—do

their It a covers those root period in history our who when ascend descend.'angels and nourishment—all

the so beautifully leaders and in untosuch bloom Saints and tried were almost recognize mother you your "Do soil? their wardbeyond to endure. see power We and mine?"the see everywhere "For rise in Prophet every them, Joseph we his Smith above

discussions eight outlines for The in everyenemies smallest community, reach and the zenith career, his of circle—these Project, Gleaner 1718, the pages on souls high of find, toonly light his the not alone, enemies of but earth—with are suggestive. Manual, battle in eyes their may his You of battles the and loyal of oncemany friends turn God and

join forces to defeat him. wish to take from or add to these outat their back, carrying on unfalteringly

carried the boys in France Ref. "Life of Joseph Smith,"leader as that each suggest pp. 3 73lines. We

magnificently alone,475. "Essentials theon—butcheer without History,"in Church a personal in her give and girl book

stirring a or music band 320366.pp. commanding other parents history of her and memofofficer's orders. they "The march And on and "Life Martyrdom."'—Ref. birth, dates of family, of bers of her with on,Joseph and march Smith,"the march on through up "Essentials pp. 477494.

interest, etc., incidents of marriage, * *in years. they History,"Church hear music- * But do "Our pp. 367384.

Church and People,"by John Henry with photographs. music never heard by those of the drooped

feet, If the "Treasures book head Evans, of Truth"dragging and 148152. pp. "One Hundred

* * * "the music ofYears God's harmonies. of "treasures"the girl's represents truly Mormonism,"344354. pp.

Note: Footnote (a) in the text, at the it will contain a portion which will "The Open Channel,"page 29.

ofbottom page 124 given as "See i. e., class discussion, for sacred Canbe too is spiritual is real force "Now, or it non's Life of Joseph Smith, p. 301,"blessings, letters, nothing. in patriarchal the as private It is a power worldshould be p. 293. definite is as electrcity, nonexistent. or it nature. sacred, etc., personal are of a

It a furnishes current for running purposes

Proj ects in the fullblooded health of days, or our Course Reading Book it does us. is value nothing of It for a "Treasures of Truth"book

as superforce, is surely as there a reservoir in last December Tuesday 'PHE should containYouR the for month of city's thirst for a water quenching as calendar is listed the in which of December, personal tribute your to all. it is or at there be not can There

will a very be night, happy open an loved ones, your friends, clears teachyour course. middle no the Prayer chaners and leaders, who have had an enone, if the gleaner book "Singing in nel so that the spiritual force can flow

nobling influence on your life. Into the Rain"is the subject for group in and become the internal driving power

lives, it the of effect of three or our discussion. has whatever. Chapter no these tributes can you weave many * * * it virtue clears unless Prayer has no reveals to 22, page Gleaner Manual, the of beautiful incidents in your

the to channel Light comes God. with its this spirit of book. the With life you have which to helped strengthen and the cleared release channel, the the with of words, these printing comes 18th build character for you; which have there's materiality; of golden hold heavy

talks heart to are made heart "Here sweetened life and mellowed your and it, it, there's in ness as in glory the with helped you over the rough places. out of the matter of life itself, inspirsun in a new day. What comes out of

The following tribute to "Mothers"is ing, sympathetic, human, personal. our praying? That is the test. Unless

taken from a "Treasure of Truth"They are lessons on beautiful living, there is light we have not cleared the book: by a woman who knows her subject channel. The light proves the clearing;

A Tribute to Mothers well."Emily Newell 31air says of "Singlight."the life proves the will to follow the

"God could not be everywhere, so ing in the Rain": "Self Bound,"page 161; 165.

He made mothers."Someone has glo- "As I read essay after essay, the power "Self is the narrowest of countries, and

rified this statement. The someone is of word subdued me. My nerves relaxed; its boundaries are soon reached."

The Improvement Era for December, 1931 109

-}>-Junior Girls The Unseen Temple will need enthusiasm if they are to Knight complete their books, and leaders can

A builder builded a temple, help greatly in creating that enthusiHe wrought it wth grace and skill asm.

Pillars and groins and arches For the first Tuesday in December, will. to fashioned his All work refer please topics to the the under

said, its as they beauty saw Men Project,"heading pages 88 of "The shall "It decay; never know

inclusive the of to 93 Junior Manskill, builder, is thy Great oh

Thy fame shall endure for aye!"ual. Perhaps you would enjoy making the class discussion a sort of travel-

A teacher builded a temple, ogue, having one or two of the girls

With loving and infinite care, invite a missionary from home to come

Planning each arch with patience, and give them a tenminute view of Laying each stone with prayer; missionary work. Another suggesSpring

efforts. praised her unceasing None that to pretion is the girls assigned be

of her plan; knew None wondrous

class stories to the pare and bring and the the temple teacher builded For into to put they plan which Was unseen by the eyes of man. pictures

read their books. and Canyon These may be

Gone is the builder's temple shown to the rest of the class, and ideas

Crumbled into dust in this way exchanged. The Project

Low lies each stately pillar, night in December should prove to be

Food for consuming rust; one of the most delightful evenings

the the temple teacher But builded of the entire year. COAL

last the ages roll; while Will

For the beautiful, unseen temple, Your "warmest friends"exIs a girl's immortal soul. The Junior Christmas tend to you the best wishes

Party for a Prosperous, Warm andCourse of Study

Happy Yuletide Season like increase to you would "LJOW tells calendar us that for De-/\UR spirit social the of Junior your 8 th are 15 th - cember and we to class of Christmas a lovely means by in discuss chapters 9 the Junior and 1 is Party? open an December Tree 22

manual, "Building a Life."The subnight which could be used for the

jects are for consideration "Honesty"preparation purpose, and a delightful Knight Fuel to stimu- "Sincerity."In orderand for the celebration would of the 25th

that late interest it is suggested Junior result. the be

ten at least in leaders prepare advance Company girl a might bring few ornaEach toquestions the girls on each to put tree, a class decorate makments, and subjects the mentioned.of the one shipping Mining and little a beautiful ing or no with one

to keep urged are again Leaders as the decorations could in expense, (Jesse) genuine only be and course the entire the of thememind the for again in time taken home Coal. Spring Knight Canyon will prelesson be that study,of no Christmas family of the decorating

the a tieup comwith sented without gifts tree. might of exchange An

plete thought. simple a girl each bringing be made,

'.he 9, songs chapter Supplementing

set beforehand. present, cost the to be

is "Truth and Truth,"what Say"O given ds girls assemble, each the As preCoal Royal Senses,"both Reflects Our Upon tree gifts the being the a on number, thoughts. stimulating sent of correspondingly. One numbered

the im10, emphasize chapter In Company is Claus, girls to Santa be chosen the serene. of being valuemeasurable

it gifts. distribute the to Make Royal and shipping a Mining

the to carry real party with games fun quickeststarting, spirit. (See Christmas Community—Utah'sThe Project

suggestions, for page coal. Activity cleanestburning Manual

/VCTOBER was set aside for a con383.)

sideration of the personal stories Christmas cheer might easily be of each Junior Girl in work on the shared through carols sung by Junior

Project "My Story, Lest I forget."girls, visits made to the sick, or General Offices 8th F'oor

November was to be devoted to her anChristmas baskets being distributed Newhouse Bldg.

cestors; December is set apart for a where needed. Salt Lake City, Utah, U. S. A.

discussion of the missionaries in her LEONARD E. ADAMS faithpromot- family, and manyown

General Sales Agent in the exThoughts for Junior found will be ing stories periences of her loved ones. Leaders

Class leaders will surely have greater success if they will work on their VX 7"E have traveled a third of the own projects along with the girls. It way along the Junior path for

is a project which requires sustained the year. We have been gathering inefforts; it is one which will be of lastformation to build strong and beauing benefit to the girls if they are intiful lives; and we want to build so

spired to continue to the end, but they (Continued on page 112).

110 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

]fr BeeHive Girls TOOLS OF THE MIND tools of are eyes THE the Lesson Garnes for Helps mind. theimpaired—dulled

is unphysical by mind efficientdefects—theWhen naturally. able work, to do Girls BeeHive (First 13. Aid eye Builders—Guide of have us Unknowingly, 70%

fill cell 3 7. 14. defects. and (Game) Guide

foolishly just "think"for program The inthe "Nymphs"Square game. knot

! Consult eyes are right Know—don'tthat your cludes a song section and game which thorough, examfor honest us a in in the Divide two. Stand group

If ination. our glasses needed are will be all found valuable Beeby circles. girl a triangular holds Each glasses Question""Quality Beyond

it Keepers. over will Look and you will with harmonize becomingly left one her corner bandage with by features. your find suggestions will delight which takes corner of the opposite and hand EYES THAT THE "CARE FOR you. FOR YOU"CARE girl to the the next belonging bandage

to her in her right hand. She makes

Optical Co. Columbian these a square knot with two corEmergency FoundaGame—For 335 S. Main Was. 5360 circle ners. bandformed by the The tion Cell No. 6

ages is laid on the floor, each girl stands inside the circle and faces the EQUIPMENT: Slips of paper

knot which she has tied. The group placed around the room on which

having the most "square"knots, and names of various kinds of first aid finishing first, wins. apparatus are written: such as bandTEMPLE Gatherers—Guide 14. Correlate ages, hot water bottle, blanket, remethis lesson with the slogan for this dies for burns, aromatic spirits of

year, particularly with regard to any ammonia, etc. (Have the actual aror ticles if possible.) BRAND projects fostered by your ward

stake. If the girls want to make any Procedure: Divide into two groups

select one which careful they be pledges the choosing of each. a leader Let all Latterday Saint keeping. capable of they are girls the articles placed observe about

Guide 13. (See paragraph on Love the room for just a few moments but

them. they touch not must Then Truth in BeeKeeper's Book.)

Logan, by Utah Employees UtahGARMENTSManufactured in is a slip leader given of paper each with

Capital and Utah Patronize Home Industries some emergency written on it, such as "fainted,"cut hand,""bad on the What Utah Makes—Makes Utah Calendar ankle,"PERSONNEL sprained "clothes "a on fire,"

President; H. K. Merrill, J. W.

Secretary President; Otto Mehr, Seamons, Vice Nymphs No'."a bruise1 runson tothetheshin."assistanceFirstofgrouptheir

XI to XV—ChristDecember—Guides the of the nature leader, determine

No. OLD OR STYLE Programs. GARMENTS NEW mas as collect to proceed and

I,t. 1 Ecru, Cotton.... Wt., Making ailment Bib Knit $.75 January 8—Cell 5—Guide the remedies possible and as quickly Knit, Cotton.. White, Wt., Rib 2 Med. Making..95 and Home

Cot. Quality, Ecru, Fine Ex. treatKnit, 1.75 3 Rib for giving required apparatus January 9—Cell Making 12—Guide Stripe, Silk Hvy., Knit, Cot. 4 Rib Med. 1.65 of the group ment. members and The

5 Pine, Extra White, Knit, Cotton. Rib 1.30 Making do, briefly January they would then tell what 10—Cell Fine, Cot. Ex. Flat 6 Home Making.19—Guide Weave. White, 1.25

and S. Stripe, Fine, 7 Basket Weave, Ex. Cot. 1.15

January Stripe Silk Resistent, 8 Rayon, 95 Run Home Making.26-—Guide 16—Spirit of howindicated.they wouldSlips ofusepaperthe orapparatusarticles

of Home. Hive and Spirit 9 Resistent, Rayon, Dulesco Super 1.75 No. 2 replaced and Group are then

Weight... Cotton, 1.95 Med. Part and Wool 10 emergency another proceeds to act out.. BUILDERS Silk Mixed. 2.45 and Cotton Rayon Wool 11

12 in the same way.

Children's 1—Guide 12—"An Evening Men's Hvy.Unions—BoysWt. Winter Garment,or Girls—50cWhite up1.45 withDecemberMother."

December 8—Guide 13—Common Envelopes for Scrap Books LOGAN GARMENT Accidents.

December 14—Triangular 15—Guide Cross, Utah Mildred Moss, Woods Bandages.

Besit for Samples COMPANYin the West"Write "The 22 December 15—Honor By—Guide Logan, 1st No. 39 West

for is the pay Utah Womanhood. rent we CERVICE January 5—Guide 1 6—Open. the space we occupy upon the January 12—Guide 17—Life of the earth. I shall be pleased if the acBee. I have suggestion, which companying January 1 9—Guide 1 8—National use. is of to send in, been requested The Utah High Anthem.

Scrap BeeHive building While my 26—Guide 19—Bathing the School of Beauty Baby.January that not always I did Book, I found

Culture Gatherers have time to care for my material

I lost valuable properly. Sometimes Clift Salt Bldg., 331 Lake December 12—Open. aside when putting 1—Guide clippings them by that a profession Learn make would 13—Love December 8—Guide which time. I lacked work Some rest of the for independent you December 15—Guide time at the life. same catalog. doing for Write your 14—WordTruth.of Mother was Wisdom.

to concern as gave to how us much Mail this Coupon.

Together we December 22—Guide 15—Temporal care for such things. Blessings.

Name January 5—Guide 1 6—Open. devised a system of "homemade"enJanuary 12—Guide 17—Games. Address January 19—Guide 18—Civic Resvelopes.from laundryWe andmadewrappinglarge envelopespaper.

City: ponsibility.

about envelopes were board to made provide and room The We can of students out town the shorter each than inch January 26—Guide 19—Home Eveone way ning.

(Continued on page 112) The Improvement Era for December, 1931 111

REMODELVanguardsHOLIDAY REBUILD

SPECIAL REPAIR CONCRETE WITHScouts Camera and 1 Roll Agfa All FOR PERMANENCE

Weather film 98c. A Free Encyclopedia of Information on

"Concrete the Improvements Around Brother Mine for the asking. is yours Ask

free. F-5, of Hand Colored Miniature Views of Home"for a copy

To Jack, a Boy Scout Utah framed complete 60c.

PORTLAND CEMENT TF I should write a song to you THE IDEAL XMAS GIFTS ASSOCIATION

Building Salt Lake City To tell the dreams I have for you, UTAH PHOTO McCornick

There's great nothing CO. you could not MATERIALS do—Sq.) (opp. TempleDear mine. brother young St. FORCONCRETEPERMANENCE 17 West So. Temple

There lies a great world at your feet

With hardships too for you to meet,

But always there'll he joys to greet

Dear young brother mine.

O I would have you meet life fair,With gallant stride and happy air, The IDEAL GIFT

And challenge life with manhood rare to delight the heart of every

Dear young brother mine. boy!

Partake of all the good bestowed

And seek to lighten every load,

Trust God to show the happy road Vanguards and Scouts have you experienced the thrill of Dear young brother—Bessiemine. Jones.

this Boy Scouts to the Rescue Most Fascinating Sport?

Wilburn West HPWENTY years ago New York's forestry officials declared that some Archery definite plan of reforestation was neis fast becoming more and cessary. America's woodland was more popular

being decreased by thousands of acres Every day hundreds of boys join annually, and very little effort was in this clean wholesome game.

being made to replenish the supply.

condition fortunately, that Today, is has WE HAVE PREPARED changed. now replantNew York

ing many of the hills that once bristled pines. primitive with XMAS OFFER A SPECIAL

it Saturday early one that was Thus Consisting of fifty hundred Boy one morning some

Scouts from Cayuga County Council 6 ft. Selected Lemon Wood Bow J

a definite left with "headquarters"goal Yz Dozen Finest Arrows fifty thouand in view. Two hundred

sand baby pines were to be planted. And 28 inch Target Face

Groups of ten or fifteen were assigned for the exceptional low price to various sections. Ours was the

hills surrounding Spring Lake, some Or perhaps you would prefer to twentyfive miles northwest of Auown outfit. We can supply all material

burn. necessary for a 6 ft. bow and 12

Cherry trees were abloom in floodarrows for as little as $3.00.

ing abundance, for Nature is lavish in the Finger Lakes Region. Birds, Visit our new shooting range at

frogs, bees, butterflies, a group of careDESERET GYMNASIUM free lads, and a day in the woods whose imagination is not stirred at the Descrct Archers Supply thought?

After seesawing in and out along a 402 Ness Building rusty trail several miles off the highSalt Lake City way, we broke into a clearing. Here

we were to plant our trees. It had

been plowed, and was marked north and south at six foot intervals, and east 112 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

and west by the same distance. Thus scurrying for shelter. It left as sudWe Make Loveliness the marks crossed every six feet. Prepdenly as it came, however, so that it

Lovelier aration had been made by the owners, was not long before we were able to who had purchased the trees through work again.

GO TO the Farm Bureau for less than a half When we had finished, we precent each. Fellows with mattocks dug pared supper, and just before dark left

the holes where home. marks crossed, and for

others followed, planting the results of previous years, the "NurFrom For a PermanentLike—From Wave$3.00 toThat$6.50You Will

it is sery Babies,"estimated seventyfive that at least which were about eight best supplies Only wave guarprices anteed, used—Everyinclude shampoo and inches will to root per top. seedlings cent from of the planted

finger additional and shampoo wave—Anand live. the in hiked Planting"through noon "Tree we finger At New York $4.00 with wave Permanent Waves,

and over. woods to the camp of a Sportsman's is a growing proposition. Last year

FINGER Hair Long WAVING—50c Dried club on the edge of the lake, and here Cayuga County set out 140,000, as Hair Dried, 35c Short Dried 25c Not

MARCELLING 50c we had free use of their cabin. The compared with 250,000 this. One

the distributed over lunch provided As 700,000. members county Was. 10316 for club Medical Arts Bldg.—Call recin- are consisted of thousand hot dogs (and approximately which one Appointment.

Salt Lake City, Utah ders), sandwiches, bananas, ice cream, quired per acre, there are now thouetc. After lunch suitable facilities and sands of acres in the state dedicated to

time were available for those desiring the production of timber. The Scouts

to pass Forestry Merit Badge requirewho give their services are awarded ments. suitable medals, and are taught the

About midafternoon, a thunder value and necessity of preserving Amershower arose, which sent everyone ica's forests.

#{ BeeHive GirlsContinuedpage from110 scrap book cover. In order to give pes, pictures, party plans and poems.

more room, a fold was made in each These envelopes were fastened in my lengthwise end of the envelope. Bescrap book cover the same as pages.

fore pasting together, we placed a From the material gathered and placed

Peter Pan patch about one inch from in these folders, I made pages for my the outer edge and in the center of the permanent scrap book.

the a their pencil dot on the patch; cover made and placing the envelopesA GIFT AT A flap; punched a hole in the center of The girls in our Ward are making

correto side in envelope of the the upper of it. backMODERATE spond and push a brass brad through, If the following cut is not selfex-

the underside. dot, at the I shall Over planatory, from be glad to write dePRICE

the brass the of requesting. head so brad we placed tails to anyone The Smart New Brownie

the to keep tape a piece of adhesive (Mildred graduated BeeHive from calledTHE Brownie—appropriately

"Beau small, gaily a dressed things tried last other in place. assistant brad year and Bee- (We is now an newBrownie"—is

ideal camera, gift inexpensive as an or best.) tape adhesive Keeper.) the but found bridge prize.

rose, green, black, tan, with under sides and the upper Between colin the frontColors—blue,a design metal and on at the bottom, of the envelopeored enamels. and Suggestions

the Double has strip aBeau Brownie unbleached Kodak placed of new inside, we pictures. lens. 2 takes 2|/4 x No. 3J4 or and one about one onehalf Be sure that the girls help plan the $5.50. Price, case with 2A, $4; No 2'/2 x muslin

4j. pictures. Price, $5; with case $6.50. inches wide, and stitched it across on programs for the Open nights. This

EASTMAN KODAK theI sewingplaced machine.my symbol on the ones I isdevelopmentanother opportunityand enjoyment.given forWhentheir

STORES, INC. used, and printed the name of that desirable Builders and Gatherers may

which I wished to put into it in one meet together for their Open nights 31 5 South Main Street corner. I had an envelope for each of and their half hour activities.

Tel. Wasatch 5292 the seven fields and three or four extra Are your girls preserving material

ones for anv other material I conprepared in filling cells, so that it can sidered important enough, such as recibe placed in their scrap books?

{Junior Girls Continuedpage from109 attend will her. If she that so well surely can give the follow outand wel TAYLOR AND

it need to those strength lined program our the to develop and our of who help. best of her ability, she will find that

are the beacon lights it is a marked highway, and in it she COMPANY Class leaders for their girls. As signals shine high will find help for herself and girls.

Makers of School Rings, << on the mountains, in the depths of the When you accomplish something and Award Medals. planesvalleys mightand overbe guidedthe ports,safely thatto theirairworthyit up andof notesend into yourthe group,Era. Otherwrite

Class and Club Pins.? destinations,way for the sogirls.class Neverleaderswillpointshe thebe yourclasseseffortswill beand delightedsuccesses. to learn of

unprepared with her light, or show The Junior Committee of the Gen162 So. Main St. 2nd Floor knowsa false whereinpath. sheShe islooksweak,ahead,she seeksshe eralwishingBoardthetakesgirlsthisof opportunitythe Church ofa

Was. 5123 Room 206 wisdom, and always she prays for the "Merry Christmas and a Happy New

>>Vt>'-()!lt>VM-.5TV<, blessings of her Heavenly Father to Year."

'hello!them

How often have these been your parting words to friends or acquaintances. There is something about a personal

greeting that warms the heart. We like our friends to

carry little intimate messages to other friends from whom we are separated.

The Improvement Era is just such an emissary of kindliness and goodwill. It is always ready to go anywhere

... far or near... to carry from you an interesting

greeting. And not just once—but twelve times a year.

Bits of tender verse, charming narrative and stimulating messages from leaders of the Church!

This messenger of cheer will go out month by month, for a whole year, to bear good tidings to those friends of yours—for the small sum of two dollars, each number costing you less than a mere malted milk. Yes

too, lhe Improvement Era, carries Cordial Greetings Just to make it simple and easy for you to remember a friend, we make you this proposition: Send us his

first or along with the the will mail of the Era a beautiful number her name we and address—with $2—and

fill Just out the blank, Christmas from Greeting "You."accompanying that it comes Card, making known

and one of the happiest details of your Christmas shopping will be over.

Send a messenger of greeting twelve times a year

Rhe /Jmprovemervt IRk *s$Z.UO>i r\ r\ forr one yearsi subscription.\ (jentlemen*"-i: TT*Here is my With my compliments, send magazine toSend receipt to

; Name. Name

ADDRESS Address...

Ward. Stake. Ward.. Stake

114 The Improvement Era for December, 1931............ -.,*.... M. I. A. Monthly Report of

PEWS Accomplishments for September 1931

rl M+j M b 3 bna cp >. W PULPITS a ues i-i iod Org T3 3 F. i

fc-i u 1 B 00.2 f*c m3 "a a P<

*.3 Wards Wards the CHAIRS Sun. S

ssion O our 1 Folding, r s 8 si s) se s)1 fo th of of of Kindergarten nduc >cial alf-H int Id Opera and o. o. ed o. O, dj? d dSPh 55 Office, Sz;.sw Church and Store fc Z.H Bank, o sa Zl

Fixtures 1 Y.M.| Y.M.[Y.L. Y.L.|

1 2 Alberta 10 2 Salt Lake Cabinet & 6 3 6 6 5 6 6 1 6 9 4 Bannock 6 2 Fixture Company 3 11 5 5 7 7

Street 32 Richards 9 12 12 12 prices ns for Write 9 12 8 14 14 14 13 6 6 5 6 4 4 3 Blackfoot 14 6 6 6 6 6 6 Blaine 6 1 1 1 1 1 13 13 9 13 7 13 Carbon 5 2 1 2 2 2 2 8 8 6 7 8 5 5 Cassia 6 5 4 5 4 10 7 7 8 6 7 7 7 6 Deseret 12 4 4 3 12 4 3 East Jordan, 11 11 6 8 5 11 7 10 6

Emery 12 10 10 10 6 5 4 8 8 8 7 7 8 4 7 6 Franklin 11 10 10 11 9 Garfield 8 5 3 4 4 S 4 Granite 10 9 10 7 9 10 10 9 7 14 11 10 11 11 7 6 6 3 6 1 6 6 Hollywood 13 11 6 11 1 10 7 10 7 7 10 4 5 4 Idaho 9 3 2 2 1 3 3 Idaho Falls 12 12 11 10 9 12 8 10 9 5 5 4 5 5 4 3 Juarez 5 2 2 2 2 2 2 Kolob 5 5 5 5 5 5 2 8 11 11 11 Liberty 11 10 10 11 12 and complete of the most ffcNE * 9 11 11 5 11 10 ever pubbooks convenient cook 1 1 Lost River 7 1 3 300 than lished. Contains more

9 9 5 Malad 7 9 9 illusattractively recipes, tested

Maricopa 11 9 10 8 10 10 8 10 10 loosein indexed, trated, bound and

Millard 9 6 5 6 6 6 7 date.. to always up leaf form

1 1 1 1 8 1 Minidoka Sego free copy. write Just for.. a

9 7 7 7 4 3 3 Moapa City. Salt Lake Co., Products Milk

6 2 4 4 13 6 Montpelier 6 SEGO MUSICAL MENUS Nebo 95 94 73 94 73 94 45 3 3 5 5 5 5 4 Sanpete North Badger, chats Barbara Helpful by 6 6 9 14 4 10 10 Sevier North deservice of Sego director home 8 9 12 12 8 12 12 12 Ogden. and partment 6 5 10 8 4 6 7 11 10. Daily music.. popular 6 6 6 4 5 6 6 5 5 to 10 except Sunday, 7 9 9 9 9 7 7 Palmyra

a. over 10:15 m. 1 2 2 2 2 6

KDYL. 10 8 9 9 7 10 9 10 101

Portneuf 8 5 8 8 8 6 4 4 9 6 4 6 3 6 5 St. George 9 8 7 8 6 5 4

South Davis 8 5 8 8 8 8 8 8 South Sanpete 7 6 6 6 6 6 6 South Sevier 8 7 7 7 8 5 4 4 Star Valley 11 10 8 10 5 7 7 13 6 6 6 3 3 1 Sharon 7 3 4 7 3 Salt Lake 1 13 13 9 10 7 13 9 9 11

San Juan 4 2 1 2 2 2 2 Sevier 7 5 3 5 4 3 3 7 3 3 3 3 3 2 2 16 7 8 6 8 8 8 5 4 6 6 6 6 6 Taylor 6* 4 5 6 6 3 5 Teton 4 6 5 3 5 4 5 Ml——II—II——'II- -m—.ji——n.—if—ii- 3 4 Tintic 1 3 3 3 4"3 10 4 Tooele 3 9 7 3

8 8 8 8 8 8 8 6 5 5 5 5 4 4 Felt Co. Broadway

8 9 9 5 9 9 9 7 Was. 106 West Broadway 9 9 9919 Utah 99 9 9 **

PEEKY HOTEL BUILDING 7 6 3 6 3 5 13 9 4 4 4 4 4 Weber 7 8 7 5 5 7 7 West Jordan - Makers of Everything in 6* 4 5 4 3 10 4

Felt 65 7 44 1 4 62 65 43 43 2

M. I. A. 37 17 I 16 17 16 15 14

SLOGANS, BANNERS, DESIGNS, 16 13 1 4 12 9 6 6

INSIGNIA, LETTERS, Conference. SENIOR Stake PENNANTS, VESTS, JACKETS, Ouartely

TABLE STENCILS, CHAIR COVERS, Conference.

LADIES'WEAR, BASKETBALL SUITS, SCHOOL GARB Hear the Great Tabernacle Organ

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention '"pHOSE who have access to a radio may hear the Great Mormon Tabernacle

Ask For Our Prices 1:45over N.B.C.; p.m. 12:45-1:15 Central time each Friday from Organ i -----

Pacific p.m.; 2:45-3:15 time 11:4512:15 Eastern time p.m. p.m.;. 2:15

The Improvement Era for December, 1931 115 <A Daughter of MarthaContinuedpagefrom78

Beautifully looked up at him supplicatingly, took surreptitious tastes, and Aunt but with no thought of fear. The Catherine had a third slice. She Engraved

moon which had illumined Tiis also played a wedding march on Xmas Gards big, the the square piano, also which shoulders,bare fell upon

Envelopes TapestryLined 25With like curls suspiciously the sounded glistening ofbright, "God Letters Your Name in Raised woman. In all the years of her Save the Queen!"

marriage no one had ever praised Gloria as interested as though For $2.00

the curls which, in spite of neglect it was a family wedding, gave These are $3.00 and

had clung tightly to the round them one of the vases of flowers $4.00 Values

head. Now the Indian looked at and the wax (flower dome which MANY BEAUTIFUL DESIGNS

her intently. was not cracked. "I want to make Salt Lake Stamp Co.

45 West Broadway said. perfect she for you,"the day Write for Samples People Out of Town gone—youleetle longlooked Bruce although paBut house—fix littlepapoose—in"Long timea

poose so seek?"He pointed a foreingly toward the whatnot where

finger at the telltale curls. The the twelve gourds lay in methodyears rolled from Gloria. She ical arrangement, she shoqk her

stood in her mother's one room head.

house, bathing a suffering Indian baby; reducing his fever, preparing I ETER was now the giving food. Sheproper was shot A fourteen and an excellent bottle of oil. agrateful parents

his air rifle. Nancy was"Yes—"she answered staunchly. with

"I give you white man's medicine. twelve and even the twins, Flora fortunate

I save your papoose. You save and Florence, could have gone to

three the short Butmine. No burn hay?"school. month purchase in the of winter, dead term came

when the roads were treacherous. enables us to

r OR answer the InJonas seemed not to see the need offer several patdian stepped roughly upon the of education for girls. They would terns of

burning brand until every park marry, and what good was educaElgin Watches then? he gone. jumped on tion was Then at y2 price! Peter his spurred Gloria horse away. became a skilled trapper and

inspected the stacks. There was for so young a boy. Through Quantity is limited

no other evidence of mischief. An the assistance of his teacher he so select your Xmas

Indian had remembered a fancied learned the best months to set his present now!

wrong, but he had not forgotten traps, that time of the year when The House of a real kindness. the furs would stay "set."The Virgin Diamonds

The next morning Jonas nolong disused conservatory, which ticed the charred stick and roundly had so impressed the Kirkman scolded the hired men for carelessboys, held many strawstuffed ani11 MAIN ST. it EST. 187 5

ness. He did not seem to notice mals. Peddlers came through the

that two eagle feathers lay near the stick. i

After Lott disappeared, Bruce asked Lulu to marry him. THE CHURCH

They were married at the Whitman home, in the parlor where UNIVERSITY the Franklin stove iand the square piano shared honors for distincAnnounces the Opening of Its tion. Nancy filled the big vases

with real flowers. Gloria made a WINTER QUARTER, JANUARY 4

wedding dress for Lulu, who knew nothing of sewing. Aunt A standard American University, offering instruction in Catherine found a magenta ribbon

in her trunk, which improved the five colleges of Applied Science, Arts & Sciences, Education, pasty color which white gave to Commerce, Fine Arts, and the Graduate School. For those

Lulu's dark skin. Peter pruned desiring to take homestudy courses, an excellent curriculum

the moss.rose bushes and cleaned is provided.

the rank grass from the lily pond.

Gloria made a wedding cake. A CATALOGUES SENT ON REQUEST

farm magazine had a recipe for it beautiful BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY to eat. pinklooked—almostfrosting. Howtoo lovely Nancy feasted her eyes upon this PROVO, UTAH

marvelous creation—the twins

116 The Improvement Era for December', 1931

valley, buying the pelts for as little The bargain closed, the traders beas they felt the boy would take. came suddenly joyous. Each carried two common pelts; but as if

VJNE day a light wagcarriedsharing thea mutualsilver tippeddistrust,pelt theybeon stopped at the front gate, attween them, back to the wagon.

tracted by Peter's homemade sign, "Pelts for Sale."A stout

man came slowly to the house, PETER could hardly leaving his companion in the wagbelieve his own eyes. Twelve fiveon. Peter took him to the imdollar bills lay before him. "His

provised warehouse. There hung own! He forgot the chillblains;

two coyote skins, two common the risings in the dark cold house "Jflerrp red foxes, and one peculiar skin to trail the traps; the long tramp

which Peter had called the "off over the snowladen hills in purgotten a suit of a coyote trader fox. color"that had gave The Cfjristmag!"Peter He, a trap. this start with surprise at sight of of away

SAY IT WITH CHRISTMAS SEALS skin; fine black fur, with ever so Whitman, was rich!

Christmas Seals furnish the ammunismall a tip of silver on the end of Instinctively, his first thought tuberculosis! for the against tion war

heartily is endorsed by each hair. His eyes narrowed covetwas of his mother. Last night he that one war

the world's leading pacifists. ously as he ran his hand caressinghad found her cutting a new sole

consists This ammunition fur. trying of ly over the Then, into tack top to shoe an old not from children. for Health Camps to appear anxious remarked he too nurses. Public shoes. Health could She worn her own

Education. Health casually, Little even not to church go now.

Clinics for the discovery of tuber- "I give you ten dollar for the Florence never had Flora culosis. had and

Research work on prevention and lot."His eye swept the two coycoats. Peter picked up.two old

cure. ote pelts, the two common foxes, flower pots that were near; he

Let every letter and package you send and lingered on the one "off color opened them and dropped two during December bear a Christmas seal. skin."bills into the lower one and reGloria's prayers about the brains placed the upper pot.

Fight Tuberculosis of her children had been answered. "There,"he said happily,

Buy Christmas Seals ( Peter remembered the cold early "whatever happens, "that is for

preHe rushed out to the family to morningstraps—thewhendistastefulhe hadtasktrailedof his Mother."

paring the skins, the secret hope announce his news. Gloria could

for which he wanted money. Also hardly repress tears for the lookWINNING NEW the dealer's hand had lingered just of joy which suffused his face.

Users Every Day a trifle too long on that one skin. Nancy rushed to call her father

"I'll take ten dollars for all exfrom the library. Aunt Catherine

cept this one skin,"he parried. laid down He Fell in Love with

"I give you twelve. Two for his Wife to gaze longingly toward

this one, it is set good."the insignia of new combs and

"I won't sell it for two dollars."brushes. Peter was enjoying the

A strange intuition gave Peter sensations of a temporary hero.

courage. A few days later Bruce went

From two to ten, from ten to to Peter. "Could you loan me

twenty. Still Peter parried, refus- a little money?"he begged.

ing to set a real price. Twenty Peter's face clouded. He knew

dollars! Supposing the man exactly what loaning money to

wouldn't pay that! But the dealer Bruce would mean.

returned to his wagon and his "I'll loan you some traps, and companion; they consulted togethyou can catch, too,"volunteered

er, together they came to inspect Peter. As he spoke he rolled up

the skin. Four eyes now gleamed the precious bills and tucked them

covetously, and Peter gathered into his coat pocket. He hung the

fresh courage. coat on a peg behind the kitchen

"I'll take fifty dollars or nothdoor. Bruce promptly took off his

ing."Peter hardly knew his own coat and hung it beside Peter's.

voice, quiet, positive, calm. The

dealers argued, but Peter remained firm. Finally ten fivedollar bills Suddenly Brace's

were laid on the table, where the face lightened. "Say, Peter,"heCONOCO crumbling dust of a long dead queried, "just where did you catch

flower fell upon them. those pelts?"GERM PROCESSED "Now, two more for the other "Up Cripple Creek Canyon to

PARAFFIN BASE pelts,"added Peter. With a sigh be exact; on Lott's old place."

of resignation two more fivedol- "Just as I thought, on Lott's lar bills were added to the pile. old place. Lott's place is Lulu'sMOTOR OIL

The Improvement Era for December, 1931 117

is my place.place—Lulu's placeYou caught that silver tip on my

place. Therefore it is mine. You

sold my pelt; I claim, the money."

Gloria was so surprised she called out sharply, "Bruce you can't

Stocks sold by High Pressure Methods do that!"in a queer twisted tone. BEWARE

Aunt Catherine dropped her book. NEVER Benefit the Buyer

Peter tried to smile at Bruce, but Let SAFETY Govern Your Investments seeing his set serious face, Peter's own smile faded to blank astonFor 26 YEARS we Have Guarded the SAVINGS OF THOUSANDS ishment. Perhaps Bruce was right. Of Investors in the Intermountain Territory

The twins, sensing disaster, began WITHOUT LOSS!

to cry. Regular Dividends

"I caught them, Bruce, with Quarterly—SemiAnnual—Annual

my own traps."

"On my land!"reiterated Bruce. Deseret Building Society"My wife won't go without medi44 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah cine and doctors—I won't go "Old Reliable People's Company"without shoes—we won't go withAssets: $2,500,000.00

out flour while you waste money Nephi L. Morris, President J. E. Kjar, Secretary

which belongs to me."6% AND SAFETY IS BETTER THAN 10% PERHAPS

"We'll put it up to father,"and Please mention the "Era"when requesting information.

Peter hurried in pursuit of Jonas.

He listened to Peter impatiently, a worried expression on his face. "I

was tempted to borrow the money myself,"he added, "but a look Unemployment Problem Solved and the Depression is Over on your mother's face withheld me. My son shall not quarrel IT ALL DEPENDS ON YOU

with my foster son. I shall not Place your baby chick order Reasonable Prices. They are

decision a betweenmake you. You Bred, Production Mountain will and we HERE NOW, live peace inmust harmony. and Acclimated, Bred, and and 30,- people, put 65 to work are silvertipped therePerhaps more distance short only a from

foxes to be had for the trapping. 000 hens and 1800 roosters, our warm hatchery to your

Perhaps if Bruce has good, sound all rarin'to go. warm brooder. Write or

shoes, and warm clothing, he, too, Highest Quality Chicks at wire today.

would trap. See that the cattle

are well bedded for the night, RAMSHAW HATCHERIES

Peter. The young Jersey cow Phone Murray 474 3687 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah

should have a feeding of mash."

He turned, again to his desk and silence, after a respectful Peter In. School Cafeterias as at wonderment. in puzzledwithdrew

kitchen. to the AuntHe returned Home—'Cocoa's convenience reading. againCatherine was

Nancy was washing dishes, Gloria -Chocolate's flavor was bending over the empty wood box, which Peter in his exciteSchool cafeterias of the West prefer Ghirarment had forgotten. Bruce was delli's Ground Chocolate for exactly the same

gone. reasons that most parents and most teachers

/Til fill the box, Mother,"in theWest prefer it.

cried Peter, feeling that Bruce's departure had temporarily settled Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate has all the the dispute. He reached for his convenience of cocoa's powdered form—but

coat and put it on. He raised his all the full, fine flavor of chocolate, as well!

hand to pat the pocket where the precious bills lay. There was no Mothers know it is the sensible answer to

bulge. afterschool emptiness—teachers know it

"Where did Bruce go?"asked means clearer heads in afternoon periods.

Peter, in a queer, hard voice. FREE Write for

"Sweet Sixteen"Recipe Packet No. 2,

St., Point 9i4North

Francisco, Calif. N,IANCY spoke up GHIRARDELLI'S SanD. Ghir'ardelliCo.,

quickly. "He put on his coat and CHOCOLATE better he'dsaid he guessed go on

Say "Gearar-delly'to \J4lvcrwn(/ coat yourhome. He knocked

the floor. He was a long time 3*7

118 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

nffi iai * picking it up, and his face looked Only Aunt Catherine, looking? funny."Without a word Peter ( turned frightened,resigned andGloriathe threelookinglittlecalmlygirls

and went to the woodpile. Gloria greeted him. "Is 'Peter feeding Suggestions

followed Peter to confirm her bran to the Jersey,"he queried.

suspicions. The money was gone. Gloria waited a long moment

she directly reply. "Peter,"were to the to came her words Then (or as if chiseled, to going hard stone: "I'm your father. cut from HER point.

If he does not make Bruce return "Peter will never feed another anithe money to you by night, I will mal on this place."Jonas'face GIFT give you the card to Judge Conrad. went white for a second. Gloria

shall leave choke. to go to him. and thought he going You was a It's wise husband who will table help the far leaned over you."He he Then to knows buy the Xmas how clotthe appropriated dish cut of your wood?"and would "Who will please that Gift her most.

set Peter. ted parried Catherine your cream draw had Aunt "And.Natural new, Gas modern A place. at water?"her own in her a color to Range match smiled. cut "I have Gloria Spring hard brought rumors of

kitchen, or white a shiny carried milkthey times. water Gloria and wondered and wood how Electrolux, the or any of reas fifteen as I can harder. could be Butter far back ed cows

gifts lovely other that your I still strong. cents cents ten a eggs member. You am

Natural Gas Company five has shall, pit containing dozen. hungo!"a Apound;

selection for,will ready your potatoes dred not bushels of was to attention paid Jonas no ease, bring of hours comfort there because even opened no was beGloria's pleading. had happiness. and storekeeper looked market. The helpdear to very come him—hadBruce charity giving like he was you gone She'll to ed be had Rodney him proud when and own

proud to show her friends had been more than his own son. when you took grain to trade for

any one of these Natural Gas "I told Peter to give the Jersey groceries. The words "Coxy's

home comforts. cow some bran mash,"he stated, Army"became familiar. Gloria

shortly. did not know Mr. Coxy, but she

ever This year, more than solhis impressed with was not will go "He won't stay—he before the value the pracof diers. traveled the country They be no forever. There will away tical gift is realized and with one to help you, if you don't make in regiments—the unemployed. the New Low Natural Gas Bruce—"cried Gloria. They rode box cars from town

Rates you can get your cook- "A quart of bran and two to town. They wore illfitting,

quarts of hot water,"added Jonas, grotesque clothes. They came begwith a nod of dismissal. ging food. Gloria gave them raw

potatoes and raw wheat. When

there was an over supply of butter

CrLORIA made no which she could not sell, she gave further comment. She returned of that. Due to the cows which

to Peter, He promptly fed the came with Lulu and which Bruce cattle, carrying out all the instrucstill pastured with the Whitman tions of his father. Then he cut cattle, Aunt Catherine now had

wood until a huge pile seemed to plenty of cream. But you could

defy the cold. He filled all the not transform cream into stockings

with available tubs and buckets flannels which nor into and shoes, his clothes, washed ing, water heating, refrigerwater. Gloria for badly, needed Bruce and Lulu

ation and househeating mended his shirts and socks, packthis year had brought a baby cheaper other than under any the leather in his belongings ed them.

plan. give prac- a year This had Claire—to suitcase Conrad which Francis

tical gift—it's smart to be left. She put up a lunch of the

thrifty with Natural Gas. best food which the house boasted. J ONAS'persistent

Then she went quietly to her own study of law brought him appointroom and reached far back on the ment as a member of the Concloset shelf where the leather folder stitutional Convention. It was

lay which had given her Francis'an honor and Gloria was glad true name. Here she pulled out for him. But she suffered great

the card the Judge had given her. suspense until she knew that the

With the two five dollar bills convention would be held far bepinned securely to an inner pocket, yond the smaller town which shelthe precious card, the valise and tered Peter. iWith calm unconhis lunch, Peter left the home of cern Jonas (sold,two cows >and

suit a inew and only was UTAH GAS 8C COKE CO. hismilesfather.to the Herailroadwalkedstationthe threeand purchasedshoes and linens.himself There

WASATCH GAS CO. boarded a "freight"for the distant an old battered satchel in which

OGDEN GAS CO. town. to pack his clothes, but Gloria did

When Jonas came down to supher best. Jonas confidently exper there was no place set for Peter. pected Peter to return. The boy

The Improvement Era for December, 1931 119

could not have gone far, he had no money. He would teach him

a few lessons in obedience as soon Training for as he did return. He had been

too lenient with Gloria's boy office positions from now he intended to be more severe.

Men began to talk of a queer odd fellow, a Frenchman namedLe Vasser who had kept tinkering 9d ffffi?ffjL

around until he made what folks MidWinter Term Begins December 7 called a horseless carriage. Wasn't

drawn by mules either. It ran COURSES Highgrade training for positions as stenwithout any animal at all to pull STENOTYPY ographer, secretary, accountant, bookeeper.

Civil Service. subLimiting to courses ACCOUNTING and

of jects practical business value reduces SHORTHAND GREGG their Departlength Employment and cost.it.gasoline—thatThe contraptioncame fromranoil withlike WALTON ENGLISH

kerosene. It made la noise like LAW ment in constant touch with leading business

puttaputt-aputt. What with the ARITHMETIC offices. Write today for free catalog.

new lights and that talking machine and now this machine that L. D. S. Business College

could go ten miles an hour, the 80 No. Main Wasatch 1812

world was surely changing!

'&e3LJ*JtmslL OUR GRADUATES SUCCEED

J,ONAS returned from the convention with new hope.

Statehood was coming. There

was no longer any doubt. All

obstacles had been removed. Utah GrandThe

would be the fortyfifth state. InPrize De Luxe

dustries would thrive from this VACUUM CLEANER "FULLFLOATING"exWITH BRUSH, had fully Henew impetus. BEAUTIFUL RED OTHER BAG, AND 14 Instead,pected Peter to be home. IMPROVEMENTS MAJOR

Gloria was chopping all the wood The De Luxe, with 16 major improvements, is presented as the finest, efficient beautiful, electric most ever built cleaner and burned, the milking familywhich a price quality. lower expect than you would for such all atall the performing,and cows

the other menial tasks. The hired Easy Terms—Small Carrying: Charge

its storesman had left, because his wages UTAH POWER & LIGHT or any of in arrears.were so much Co. Cleaner Eureka Vacuum suffrage "Woman will come 177 E. Broadway Was. 4764 Salt Lakewith statehood,"smiled Jonas, City, Utah

knowing full well that neither

Gloria nor Aunt Catherine knew whereof he spoke. "I suppose

every man who wants to run for office after this, will spend his time ladies!"to the upmaking He TRADE AT THE STORE WITH THE further explanation andmade no

Aunt Catherine showed no interest. But Gloria did not sleep until she had ransacked the libraryfor all available information on Christmas Spirit

the word suffrage. A year old

paper from the East finally anOur store is truly a fairy land—decorated throughout with gay Christmas

swered her quest. Here she learned, colors. Every department is complete with practical gifts.

thrill, strangewith a new price. the best quality at will very lowest the find here that You rightssuffrage equal voting meant

dollar. the has been American given power by us to A newbetween women. men and WyBuy your gifts from the local branch of the World's Largest Store and save.omingit—nowandUTAH.Colorado hadShe, grantedGloria Gifts here for men, women and children, also for the home.

Whitman, after statehood, could vote. She could go to the polls

enter a littleon election day and Sears, Roebuck & Co* a ballot,booth and no and mark one could stand by to tell her Broadway and State Salt Lake City, Utah what to write. What an emancipation! Schools should be put

where little children did not have 120 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

to wade through water. Men could death! Ah, that we had a Queen

With these outno longerthe signaturesell theirof homestheir wives.withto settle with these heathens!"

Perhaps some day, women could "LongWise andto reignvictorious—

which they do work liked—not Exclusive over us cutting always wood, carrying "We have a President, Auntie,"

Superiorities water, milking cows. interrupted Nancy. "I think he

alone, Milk, LeafHarris Clover ofJonas sold more cows and knows what to do!"

feaall these fers you important tures... hired more men. He again seeded "When I was your age,"retort-

"I Safe Milk, perfectly pasteurized fields of wheat and oats. He pured Aunt Catherine, who had been

by latest type automatic machased Edison's latest improvement denied the privilege of finishing chines. the seen,phonograph. had song, "children He were not reared her speedily on Milk, brought Q Fresher it at It the a convention. was to think, but to \obeyl"in glasslined farms from the

tank trucks. disc. The music was now clearer.

LeafClover Quality, o Highest in a Bird a Golden Cage reOnly consistently Harris Dairy THE glory came from the morning R.EMEMBER Salt rating the highest ceives by a byword. "On horn MAINE became of Health. City Board Lake that such pathos with CathAunt

A Cream - (Top erine stopped reading to wipe her to Echo"had been a local slogan this the railroad days. But Bottles giving eyes. she breathed "Ah,"when during

to whip cream you soldiers American was national. the Ball is Over had finished of After a bottle from

sailors been treacherously had and milk at no extra its tones, they doleful "If would cost. killed. massacre of the inThe sing genius to only use such God

the burning of Cubans, ff Kleen - Kaps, Save the Queen!"nocent

cover which of confiscation the their homes, lip the botof the tle. Your seal of property continued. April, and

safety. IN May of the next theone Presidenthundred thousandcalled for volunteers.more than

Just Phone year there was much comment and Young men left their homes and

Wasatch 2177 argument concerning happenings colleges; men left their teams in

in Cuba. Was this the island the fields, to enlist. Cubans were

which Columbus really had disbeing starved to death. Gloria

CloVerLeafHarriseaf- covered? The natives were being thought of the potatoes that had

cruelly rotted. the about Men hung MILK tion. fields leaving the graph stations, treatedStarvation—massacre—exby the Spanish naposure—outrage, became the comto water themselves, trustingteleto

mon lot of the oppressed people. providence to seed the grain.

Congress voted a relief fund; there Lulu came in singing, carrying

was.prospect iof better markets. little Claire, and wearing a small

Did the people of America rememflag on her bosom. It was not

ber how Lafayette came to their ribbon, or wool. A new kind

aid back in 1776? Old histories of material, called celluloid. She

Chocolates studywere dugmore out,aboutpeoplethat island,began toso saidkeep itit burnedfrom thedreadfullyfire. easy, so

and Candy Bars near,thumbed,so needy.maps tracedGeographiesby gnarledwere always"Tell heldMr. Whitman,"Bruce's silentLulufosterhad

fingers. In August when the father in deep respect, "tell him Are Not Only A grain was full leafed, Nancy came Bruce.has enlisted. He's on his

running in wide eyed, her hands way now. Can you spare me a

full of the green leaves of the loaf of bread, Gloria? No need

Home Catherine,"wheat,and oats.she cried."Mother—Aunt"Hold these forthe metwo toofbake,us."now there's only

leaves to the light. This way, Jonas'hired men had all enProduct Auntone eyeCatherine.and hold Youthe bladehave toagainstshut goldenlisted. adventure,With suchtheyprospectsdid not careof

the other and look at the sun. to work for a man who could

but also a Superior Youletter. willIt'sseetrue,a letter.Mother.A capitalWAR notdue. alwaysThe payday theirafter wagesBruce'swhenenis coming!"listment, Gloria plowed one entire Product. T h e y

Aunt Catherine followed Nanfield, aided by "onearm Johnson"

Never Disappoint. cy's frantic directions. One plump whose fighting days were over.

eye was closed, while the other Jonas had a new machine, to be

GLADE peered"Uponat themyleaf.word, Gloria my paidIt wasfora incombinationthe fall afterdrillseeder.harvest.

Candy Co. child,"too, "theherchildvoiceis becameright. excitedThere Youshapedpouredbox, thefromseed whereinto a itfunnelwas

Salt Lake City, Utah is a capital W on this oat leaf. It dropped at proper spacings in tiny

means nothing short of war. War furrows. Nancy sat at the head

and pestilence, privation and of the field, under the shade of a

The Improvement Era for December, 1931 121

cottonwood, and cared for the happily over the remnants of a retwins, and studied spelling. Aunt cent meal. A pat of butter threatCatherine attempted to prepare ened to overflow the shallow saudinner, but "Wife in Name Only"cer. A torn blind flapped in thewas too enticing. The potatoes morning breeze. The unmade bed RENEW

were soggy, the bacon was burned, was no surprise to Gloria, but herthe biscuits were over done. Jonas heart gave a great bound when OLD TOYS

glanced over the table and left the she found it empty. The door

Gloria could open and wasroom in silence. only Color New Gilts call. call the fence and Through

IHE battleship Oregon theing youngthe remnantsbull wasof angrilya. red doll'spawwith

sailed from San Francisco to the dress. Could Lulu never give theWest Indian ocean—fourteen child anything but red, to further BENNETT'Sthousand miles—in one month! anger that dreadful animal?

People had thought her captured by the Spaniards. Dewey took thing.GloriaShe steeledhardly herselfexpectedforto anyfind 'ProprrlrManilla without losing a man. We X/ifer Claire's even bociy. she there But teachingwere the old world what

little lay, a limp morsel of huInsurance peoplesort of over here, grew up cruel manity, bruises her markinganyway! small body. The enraged animal

transferred his to the anger"Dewy was the morning, dewy was the had day doll, dressed gaudily as QUICK ENAMEL as soon

Dewey the Captain upon that day in Claire had dropped it. Dries hard in 4 to 6 Hours

May."Gloria did not return to the Ask for Card of Gay Colors small, house. oneroomed Walksang Lulu, breezing 8C into the WhitGLASS BENNETT ing, firunning, stumbling, she kitchen littleman without Claire. CO. PAINT nally reached the laid Jonas and"I'm going to the station for the City Salt Lake 1st So. 6165 little W. inert in his body arms. Themail,"she announced. "I might

have a letter from Bruce."iodine; that precious bottle which Dealers throughout Utah, southern

"Where's Claire?"asked Gloria the doctor had given her years beIdaho and Neighboring States

anxiously. Lulu was not overfore. "When you have similarzealous about Claire's welfare. need—"had been his words.

"I left her asleep. Nothing can

harm her.""Oh, you mustn't do that!"

cried Gloria "She might wake in genuineup—she alarm.might A DOZEN REASONS WHYcrawl outside—she might falldown that open well—that dreadMOUNTAINEER

ful steer could kill her, if ishe crawled under his fence."OVERALLS

"Spain might whip us, too!"

scoffed Lulu. "I need money. GIVE LONGER WEAR AND

Bruce might send me his wages!"MORE SATISFACTION

With a little toss of her head, 1. Bib "StopLoss"watch pocket.

bound with a new scarlet ribbon, 2. Bib deluxe and pencil pocket.

Lulu was gone. Gloria knew that 3. Wide and strong suspenders.

athrough—shetrain of soldiersknewwasLuluduewasto passnot 4.5.6. "StopLoss"WideLarge andreinforcedroomyside inbackpockets.seatpockets.and legs.

actuated with a wifely interest in 7. "StopLoss"combination pliers and rule

Bruce's possible letter. 8. pocket.Triple stitched seams.

Gloria left Nancy to bake the 9. First quality denim.

bread, to guard the twins, to watch 10. Bartacked at every point of strain.

the pigs from the precious garden, 11. Convenient match pocket.

and set off across the fields to12. Built for comfort, serviceguaranteed.

wards Bruce's house. Poor little Due to large scale production and unusual

the with Overalls Mountaineer power, Claire, to be born to the hazardous buying than StopLoss Pockets cost you no more mercy of Lulu! orSTOPLOSS dinary overalls.

POCKETRULE IHE house was in its Ask Your Dealer for usual state of disorder. All the TheytostS Mountaineer Overalls with StopLoss

Pockets in dishes a pan, piled were unno more"pail slop washed. was full The

Manufactured to overflowing, the water bucket in Salt Lake City by empty. The stove was cold, the Z. C. M. I. CLOTHING FACTORY

wood box empty. Flies buzzed

122 The Improvement Era for December, 1931 -*-———l*r -—Doctors were harder to get now, stopped at the station, and Lulu

they were in demand for army did not return to the Whitman

SOCIAL i service.solemn verdictStill, sentone came,a cold andchill histo ranch. Bruce returned unharmed. He heart: lost "She has and Gloria's older, an looked little a walked eye."In addition a bone jaw straighter, his self but of touch crushed was cruelly and the cheek COMMERCIAL confidence to seemed drop from twisted.

like a him entered he cloak when Lulu's carried screams far out his foster father's home. look One into the night. her Her baby, at the disfigured Claire and child, life! for Cruelly maimed turned in to search anger for Lulu. disfigured. life to was What the a For next days he two walked Printing girl, he a withered, with distorted,

if as about dazed, to unable comsightless eye, the other and one disaster prehend the which had only pale at that! blue Hers was overtaken Deserted. him. Left

a grief, sudden rush untinged of a crippled with child. Distinctively Done with self remorse. But as the

days passed and Claire required "Yellow fever killed more of by nights of watching and days of us Americans than the real fightUTAH'S PIONEER patience, Lulu's maternal love ing,"he volunteered. "That and

slackened. To Gloria fell the task typhoid sure laid us out. I guess

PRINTERS of coaxing the child back to a I'd a had it too, but that boy that semblance of health. used to live here, the boy who was

bit, found me, and had me turned into the hospital. He's only a

still, but he was there."Make Your Selection of J,UNE and Hobson kid

sank the Merrimac to bottle up "Due to my foresight, Lulu's

Cevera's fleet in Santiago Bay. departure will not affect title to

"Kissing Hobson."A man named your land,"commented Jonas,

Roosevelt Riders and his Rough his hoping to Bruce draw from Kjkrtstmas came into prominence. They wore lethargy. case "In something hap-

a different uniform, a brown cloth pened to you, I had her deed all called khaki. The keep me—to three ago lasted days the least I could battle—ofexactlySantiherClaire.propertyThat towas (yaws thirtyfive years after Gettysburg. do."for

NOW Spain was whipped—anxious to "All right,"Bruce answered sign anything to stop the terrible

Discriminating buyers are rush of those Americans. The apathetically.

rapidly finding out that our war had lasted three months days. line this year offers truly three weeks—three be coming xHE next month soldiers would The values. unusual Don't delay

the coming with home Jonas now. home soon bought Nancy, making a selection. little Gloria mail, brought a queer several discs for the phononew

graph. Nancy played them to note. It was a piece of wrapping

scribbled on it in pencil: The Descrct DownClaire. hadJust a aswonderfulthe Sunchorus:Went paper, and the post mistress had

Pears. Turnips. Elderberat alone of mother thought home "One ries Press Radishes."News

Feeble gray; old and and

29 Richards St., left in sweetheart the town of he'd Salt Lake City One a queer thing for her "What

Happy and young and gay."to write!"announced Nancy.

is an age of queer BE INDEPENDENT Lulu began to look frightened. "This

No Other Vocation So Profitable! Bruce would have to come home things,"moaned Aunt Catherine.

ENROLL NOW soon. He would blame her for the 'There's a round red thing growFor a Complete Course at the accident to Claire. He had loved ing in Gloria's garden. She covers

the child. She went for the mail it over every night, so it won't

Quish School of Beauty Culture one morning, on the pretext that freeze. Its seed are yellow. I

The Best in the West Bruce might write again before guess it's all right, but it tastes 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. coming home. Trainloads of solqueer to me. She calls it a tomato.

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH diers were going through. LaughFunny, they had to make its name

For Further Information ing, carefree men; some who had so much like potato."

Call Catalog and been had wounded. who Men Gloria to no made comment 7560 Wasatch or seen the world. had Boys who

Fill in This dissertation Catherine's Aunt on overnight. into been changed men Coupon fruits. small the American put She of freedom Lulu The soldiers—scrap of carefully in paper her a bright, ribbon with gay around

train (To be continued) hertons—theneck. fearTheoflureBruce.of brassThe butdress. It was a cipher from Peter.

The Improvement Era for December, 1931 123

Beauty in the Home.Continuedpagefrom85

tables may be placed where they 6. T. F. The living room should

are convenient for use. A colored be done in formal balance because it

Paisley shawl on the piano should suggests sociability.

atfind closely related color echo of an Articles furniture F. of 7\Jycolors pictures, in found and lamp easily are are the ones which moved

the opposite end of the room. The to be used in making arrangements

pottery should be repeated at the four of informal balance.

sides of the room, so that there is 8. T. F. Always place the sofa

a sizes innot only objects balance of across a the corner bookcase and tell of us HOME! Let quickly and you you can how AT

in as balance color easily learn wellbut to favorite play Instrument, your room, tts in right time. your in spare and your own home

securing In in a balance one room, will everypopular, Music you welcomed make F. dignity of feeling and 9.Tx A opportunities. where, bigmoney and offermany test see that halvesshould to both is repose balance. given formal by A-B-C Easy as is attractiveonehalf the to not more to nothing about need music You know We will 10. chair red F. bright T. A give instruction begin.right individual you fromeye other. the the than In arranging

start will the satisfaction. andpersonal, guarantee You your attract"a attention dark than more surprised be that delighted can music made and be the walls furniture four the withroom

fascinating. so easy in Courses and chair. green

Piano,Violin,Trumpet, Cornet,seen Mandolin, Organ, against If them, balance. must

Banjo, Guitar, Banjo, Spanish Hawaiian >Tenor is it neceswall tooone seems Guitar, Clarinet. heavy Accordion, Saxophone,

to Test: Answers November; for Catalog Send Today asary Our to a bright color New or add more

will tell It all in School great about—you now 1. 6. F. T.interesting side. its to the shape 27th successful the weaker National wonderful andthis

to success over year—that has Academy Method meant 7. 2. F. F. attractions adjusted should be unitThe 300,000 right enthusiastic students. for now, Send

it. is while It of you think 3. 8. FREE. F. T.til the restful, looks then whole room

and then only, has balance been se- 4. F. 9. T. NATIONALDept. 519 702ACADEMYOFEast 41st Street,MUSICChicago

cured. 5. F. 10. T.

Let us briefly summarize the main points on balance in relation to inBuy From Yourterior design:

ABERDEEN Dealer 1. Every room should be arranged in

such a way that the effect is restful to the eye. 2. This effect of repose or balance is

secured by the arrangement of shapes, sizes and colors with reference to a center line. 3. Objects which are alike have the

same power of attracting attention and hence will balance each other at equal distance from a given center. This type

of balance is called formal.

4. Objects which are unequal in size

or attraction should be arranged, with reference to the center line, in such a A Trial Order Will way that they appear to balance. The Convince You, Too.

object with greater attraction when moved toward the center, will balance a less attractive one placed farther away.—- ---

5. A room is more beautiful if it contains some formal and some informal

balance.

The ideal room is without confusion. The surest method of securGbristmas (Sifts

ing order which captivates atttentionand produces restfulness is through the AT A DISCOUNT principle of balance. OF ALL

Objective Test KINDS DOLLS TOYS SLEDS

This test is given in the form of PIANOSDRUMS COASTERSAUTOS true and false statements. If you TRICYCLES POOL TABLES

BUGGIES DOLL GAMES is a CARDthink the statement true draw FURNITURE BLACKBOARDS 10% OH DOLL it iscircle think around you the T, if false, a F. the circle around draw WESTERN FURNITURE CO. 1. Balance depend T. F. does not

MAIL THE weight. actualon wNI*HIH—HMillll—(|.—1|*—u—1|—.|lll B—H—||—ll—llll—H——II—tli—H—II—COUPON II

2. Bright orange will out- T. F. COMPANY, WESTERN FURNITURE

weigh dark red. 135 So. State, Salt Lake City.

mail ni|e> of the Gentlemen: Era. Please Improvement I m F. Bright blue will out- 3. T.

certificate entitling to percent 10 discount toy purchases. on all a merender green. dullweigh 24, Certficate 1931. Dec. until good

are three F. There 4. T. kinds of Namebalance; Occult. Informal, Formal,

5. T. F. The human body is an Street Address City and State

example of formal balance.

1 24 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

Continued from page 74 4{Two Strong Men

Blocking the center and guard, I "but I never look at the chances KETCHUM was wondering why Zum did not to lose."

zoom by with the ball, when out It was Kipling's stuff for certain of the corner of my eye I caught then—the Colonel's son and BUILDERS sight of it sailing high overhead. Komal face to face. All of us

A pass on the seventeen yard line! were tense.

stopped. pass there was To SUPPLY heartFor a second I really believe my great bob's Coach especially a fool thing to do, when fists doubled they then slowly and

a buck had been called from pass opened again. I saw a glint of

Building Materials formation. approval in his eyes, but his teeth

I fancied I could hear above the tore the words that came through frenzied yelling of the crowd, the his lips.

In cooperation with agencies roar of Old Coach Bob. "Perhaps losing doesn't mean

in their efforts to further I straightened up to see what much to you! We had gone over happen. would carefully campaign reto improvements home and—that off left to the dusting Away as backed up we lieve list unemployment. A—pass—play,our sideline along the Billy Goaswas against goal, our was own will of suggestions furnlind, be crack end, our above and schedule!"not—on—thewere leading ball the and him him was ished the to you Imby the "But game,"it won Zum

spiral. perfect a doing office provement or Era I by answered. came from, "Where

I In that second go out to win, not—to play leave his us. Goaslind saw anfeet—theyinspired thewe game!"We have complete stocks of seemed to have wings—and snare "In the next game you are to

air. ball the the from Down the play to inaccording game the following building and fieldthat streaked he twentyone with structions. here."I'm coach repair materials for your in pursuit. wild men did his answer, not but Zum convenience. the That touchdown won eyes into bored those of the Coach.

game. shifted. Coach Bob he I knew LUMBER——

core, loving the was to the kid LIME—- PLASTER CEMENT—Coach I also the But Bob—andyou should seenhavehim—afterheard old but old Trojan knew MOULDINGS—LATTICE the game as he stormed up and would not retrace or retract. He—PICKETTS—POSTS down

bitter. victory the thought was next time disobey you "The BATTEN SASH—the dressing room. You'd spoke:—a "It fool to thing was do!"I'll orders, calling for be your DOORS—WINDOWS raved. idiotic thing—ahe to "An suit."There mistaking was no BUILDERS HARDWARE It suicide. do. Baker, did was

it. his voice. tone of meant He

call FENCINGS for a pass?"you WALL——little, a paled held but he Zum BOARDS—PAINT—OIL Coach Bob swung on the quarhis ground.

terback. GLASS it; call to for have 'You won't——

sir,"quavered, "No, Baker I'll it in turn myself!"anhe FIXTURES—PLUMBINGBRASS startled the explosion. Coach's by swered, his crackled. and words FIT- "Bill, GOODS—call for did VALVES—that you I the dressing of out went As TINGS FITat pass?"he—PIPE—PIPE me. barked night, that ranged room Zum

I I answered, "No,"but had LAUNTINGS—TANKS—side. along

idea at. an driving he what was TUBS DRY Bill,"he, "Say, says do "what——

I tell, noise, partly His could was out about the you Coach's make WASHERS GASKETS—STOVES effect. for the pass He knew won threat?"ETC. us, the for to he game wanted but

it, "I he that out make meant discipline. maintain "OFFER FREE WE I said, old kid,""but idea bright 'Then whose was caught the arm. by me Zum If will say this you you saw it?"snapped, he glaring one from

I I've liked as "If hadn't him to the other of us. adv. carpenter or apron A liked never other in any man my I saw Zum's jaw come up solid stick, also a yard will we suit a he'd then got right my his eyes gray and narrow. furnish without fists I charge a a besides. pair of He life,—and up. stood

like ain't that. talk used to nails of with pound every My idea,""It said he slowly was my outline boss for can me work my $1.00 purchase a special or I a "I thought saw—firmly. results, can't jest expect he and but to chance win."discount on plumbing maresults to the and I'm say how to a chance you saw "Thought terials. all."like make me it—that'sget yelled. win, did Coach you?"Bob

YARDS and STORES "Didn't you see a bigger chance 780 West 4 South to lose?"IHE little tilt between

Phone Was. 8411 "Mebbe I could have seen it the Coach and Zum troubled me a

had I looked,"Zum answered, lot. We were out to win the conThe Improvement Era for December, 1931 125

ference that fall and I knew the chances hung largely around the shoulders of one, Walt Zumwalt.

toter, the ball the safestHe was far Murray Laundry passer, accurate and bymost the most reliable kicker we had, and he tackled like an angry bull "More Leisure Hours for pup. With him behind the line Mothers"

I felt that everything, somehow, would just naturally go right. Your Clothes Are Washed In

I loved old Coach Bob Hazard.

He had been Coach at Polk UniRain Soft Artesian versity for seven years and had made a great record during his Water and Mild first seasons. He had taken two Soapconference championships and had

three once,finished second but for five PHONES the belowyears he had been hundred mark in the percentage Wasatch 1637 Murray 213 column. Already those fans who Hyland 612 American Fork 213

look only upon victory as being Bingham 213 success were talking of a new coach for the Polkers, even though even Send Your Laundry By Parcel Post the kids knew his material had been poor. That year we were

going fine and had a good chance to pick off the bunting. A chamsavepionship Coach would Bob

it. for that When REAL MISFORTUNE It wasand he knew

I believe, reason, that he was so Hits You the determined to run nervous and team. It Is Good To Have

His fine attitude, his big heart, to his his loyaltyand made men like INSURANCE us all adore him. was Zum

the rest of us, but I was afraid Insurance that really insures is the only kind we write.

that the Irish in him, the years stern experience of range on the his he where had to solve own UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

problems without the aid of HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

coaches, might cause him to follow his best judgment to disaster,

WiE fought our way through a hard schedule that fall.Though we played in five as tough TEMPLE BRAND

football contests as I have ever seen, Zum carried through without serious injury. His mastery of the punt and of the fine points of the GARMENTSOf superior quality and workmanship

game made him the most feared manufactured for the

KNITTING STORE LAKE SALT the back in game. admired and orderingfrom us When

Postage Pay last contest with BurnAnd sold at prices rememberdefying competition.We was Our

ham.College. It was a mining No. FOR LADIES No. FOR MEN

3.50 -90 650 Winter Wt. Heavy its Wool—50% student in body school Flat and had 703 Weave—*

1.20 610 Light Ribbed 1.20 Wt Weight Light 719 Ribbed a repubuilt had uponly 1.35 who men 602 Quality Fine Extra 1-35 Cotton Quality Fine 792 1.50 614 Quality Ex. Med. Wt. 1.95 Silk Wool 760 and being tation tough—hardboiled. for Silk 661 2.50 1-40 and Heavy Wt. Wool Stripe Med. Silk 711 Wt

663 1.20 1.75 Med. Cotton.. - Unbleached seven good Heavy trampled Cotton had Quality 749 Fine They

664 Cotton....- Heavy 1.75 Med. 1.00 Wt. 762 Rayon NonRun sod, the come into had and teams. 680 Heavy Extra 1.95 2.25 Unbleached DeChine Crepe 717 Rayon

666 Silk Med. 1.95 1.75 - and Wt. Wool Rayon Quality 715 Super fact, loss. a In without through 601 1.75 Style Med. Weight Only Rayon... New Quality NonRun Fine 720

they had not allowed an opponent Garments Marked Upon Request, 15c; for Cotton Silk, 25c 1.00

a single score. 20% Extra Charge for Sizes over 46

On paper, the championship Door shortnot failsleeve,to specifyshort Newor longor OldlegsStyleare andwanted.if for ManGive oraccurateWoman,Bustalso Measurement,state if lone

conflict seemed theirs by at least Height and Weight. Samples Sent Upon Request.

three we had touchdowns. Teams KNITTING STORE SALT LAKE beaten played had been both by 70 So. KNITTING Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST STORE IN UTAH

them from one to four touch126 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

downs more than we had beaten over him frantically, bur the two them. minutes of grace ticked away and

For a week before the contest then another two. We had to

as a substitute. as nervous

he haggled and Baker's loss was immediately For Mother's girl.Coach HeBobroaredwas

and he snarled as night after night felt. Little Jimmie Garner, who

he sent us against the frosh who took his place, fumbled on the were using Burnham plays. He first play and Burnham recovered.

built up an offense and a defense Then they began their march. Happiness that to him looked perfect. He Three first downs in a row they

was out to win the game, that's made when we stopped them. I

all. coaxed and wheedled and pleaded

Nothing could more per- I remember yet his set face on with the boys, but we couldn't fectly express your desire the evening before the battle when make any headway, although I rallied say the Polkers and called us into his office for a must to lighten mother's househe Bengals, those we held Burnham last word.

hold burdens—and noth- "And now,"said he in conthough they kicked and scratched

ing will actually do this clusion, "we can outpunt them and fought with a fury that I had gridiron. seen equaled never on the therefore, can them; hold we as effectively as a Hotand slipped quarters and away off opTwo at every kick to we are

point or Westinghouse portunity. "Get that?"he asked, Coach Bob once more reiterated

his commands. Automatic Electric turning to me. "We are to kick

Range. Give her one offto atpunteverynoopportunity,later than andthe we'rethird right,"'They'resaid he,tough"but babies,as long allas

this Christmas. down. Back 'em up against their old Zum's leg works as it has been

goal line; get the ball in the middle doing, we're going to beat. Now

E toof thethe field;goal. andGetthenme?"march down chance!"kick, kick, kick! Don't take a

nodded. second into the went back We Only a small down I to carry the determined on "Get me?"he asked, turning half

payment required. to the quarter. campaign, but somehow, the* pepBaker nodded. per went out with Baker. Jimmie

i 1 "Then don't forget!"he adwas heroic, but we couldn't quite

monished. "Remember that stratepick up the rhythm.

against our Your purchase price gy will win. All you fellows have We were backed up to do is go in there and carry on own line late in the fourth quarter

includes the campaign."when Zum stepped over to me.

COMPLETE "I'm tired of this monkey busiget a "Let's snapped. he the ness,"of the day ON IN INSTALLATION little Bill."thing, this fight into regright. Every game we were

I to do?"do want you "What YOUR HOME fiddle. like a keyed ular was up

to fight,"answered he "I want that had ever anything Burnham i—A crowd that surpassed in size asked. grimly. take our "Let's every to see the battle. seen was there

before chance to make our downs the got under way; game Then We invite you to call at ain't workin'She's been we kick. off to and kicked Burnham we

old laig?"our store soon, and dedowned the ball before they had she—the

cide on the model you reached their own twentyyard He flexed his knee.

I knew like best. Or phone for line. I nodded approval.

tear his hair Coach would Bob for and held downs them We our representative to call the us bucking on saw when he the took punt. to they had We

at your home. ball and on our third down Zum third down, but I was desperate,

laid a nice stemwinder exactly too.

on the corner of the grid—one We called for an offtackle buck

of the prettiest kicks I have ever and it failed. Had we made our

seen. Burnham took the ball and downs, I knew Coach Bob would

again we held them. They had have forgiven us, but he could

kick. to forgive a never failure. As we short.i Utah Power high and punt was The for the formation in punt up started ball up line the and took Baker

the field. He had made three yards fourth down, I glanced over at

the bench where Coach was Bob tackle a hit him Burnham Go. when his his hips hands on like standing,& Light sounded the smacker so hard

his cap his eyes. over down the Leviathan ramming the Olymand Efficient Public Service I could almost repeated his have pic.

Baker failed to rise. We worked thoughts word for word.

. The Improvement Era for December, 1931 127

"Hurry, Bill; hurry before As I took my place on the line, J]'IMMIE called the sigCoach Bob can get Johnson—I could see Coach Bob wildly signal and I snapped the ball. I'll he strangled, something wrong naling, but I would not see. Coach swear I made a perfect pass, but with his throat—"in here."Bob could go hang. I was under

somehow Zum muffed it and Somehow Zum's earnestness the spell of Zum's indomitable dropped it. I threw myself in touched me. Spirits sometimes do spirit.

front of the charging Bengals and dominate the body. His did. He

went down with three on top of was my friend. The glory that

me. Even as I lay there I heard was Polk's had come largely 1 HE referee's arm fell

a roar that shook the earth. I through his efforts. I weakened. and the ball spiraled high. It

wondered what had happened. "Hey,"I called to the referee, naturally would have gone to JimStraightening up, I looked to see "Polk will receive."mie, but Zum darted in front of

what had become of the ball. 'Thanks, Bill."Zum's voice him and took it in his arms and

A mass of humanity was strugshook as he wiped the blood and was off behind as determined a gling apart behind our goal line. tears from his eyes, that he might bunch of warriors as ever charged

I rushed down. On the bottom, see better. "Now if its in my up a battle field. For one, I felt

his arms around the oval which territory, let me have it."that I could move mountains.

a Bengal held was Zum.

"I missed it, Bill,"he said bounded—back—here!as soon as he recognizedIt'sme.a score"It

for them!"If ever tragedy was written in a man's face or was made manifest in his voice it was so written and so made manifest in Zum's face and voice.

I helped him up.

The Bengal's lined up to dropHere Arc a Few kick for the score after touchdown.

As we waited for the boot, I glanced along the line to whereZum was crouched like a panther FAMILY PROGRAMS ready to spring. The big Bengal

back ran forward, dropped the ball and kicked, but Zum was there New York Philharmonic Orchestra.

to receive. He threw up his hands

but missed. The ball smashed American School of the Air.

him in the face almost knocking Country's major football games. him down.

A yell went up from Polker Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra.

rooters. The kick was blocked.

Score, 6 to in favor of BurnUncle Ben's Kangaroo Club.

ham.

As we trotted up the field toCecil and Sally.

center, I felt ward the someone Church of the Air. sleeve.pulling It was Zum, at my

his face covered with blood and his eyes swelling. The KDYL Habit is the family Habit \ he commanded. J'Hurry!"

receive. to "Choose We got a get ARIETY, WITH MUSIC, that score back. Hurry, before DRAMA, COMEDY,my glimmers swell shut."GOSPEL "But Coach Bob says—"I beVMake 1290 Kilocycles

gan, but he cut me short. the bright Spot on

"Never mind Coach Bob!"he the Dial From 6:30 a. m.

panted. 'There are only a few to 1:00 a. m.

minutes left. Receive and let me

have the ball. Bill, old man, I

am to blame for the hole we're in. For my sake—for Polk's sake,receive—it's our only chance."I glanced off to the bench where KDYLTHE popular STATION"

I could see Coach Bob instructing

Dale Johnson, Zum's substitute, who was fastening on his head gear.

Zum saw them also.

128 The Improvement Era for December, 1931

Zum's spirit had taken hold of on. Parsons gathered himself and

me and I knew that the Bengals, raised his legs to throw them tough babies that they were, would around Zum's, but he failed. With

go down like ten pins before our the ball safely tucked under his rush. right arm Zum kept on—three

five then yards and—seven—us, fast for too was But Zum as his face forward on plunged once he got under way. He when his legs tightened around line struggling the shot through

line. goal the Parsons'thighs—over three the into out where open and amatt&i backs were bringing up the rear Although the stadium rocked

of the Bengal defense. with cheers, Zum, with eyes swolas as cool shut, len a Dealmost the half Bengal saw A a placed dropkick morning, ball cember full toter ahead. speed met and him

bars. Score, the neatly between

as a crash shoulder There was to 6 for Polk. outnde&foe met hip and the Bengal slid off 7

to the side as Zum spun away and That was the last score. As we

zigzagged toward the second of left the field at the end of the batthe defensive backs. The back, tle, with eyes all but shut, Zum

evidently nervous from being gripped my hand.

MORTICIANS alone, waited. Zum darted left "Thanks, Bill,"he said huskily.

and just before the Bengal's ten- "You believed in me!"

tacles fastened on him, darted right! Somehow just then I couldn't

answer. Something choked me

Only Powerhouse Parsons was down.

left. Parsons was counted the

safest tackier in the conference. I As I trotted beside the Titian

I I never that had cowboy, knew to field in attempt to an sped AdvertisersIndex up the a greater football looked man give some overtake him and Zum PageCompany spirit in was whose my uponlife—one be I to interference, seemed butBeneficial Life Insurance Co Back Cover full in control so over mere mathe as place, in gap one Glass PaintBennett running 121 Co & terial body. University 115 YoungBrigham widened. us between

Broadway Felt Company.'114 As we neared the bench, Coach

Clover LeafHarris Dairy 120 Bob came to meet us. His face

OpticalColumbian Co 110 was working and his eyes actually

Continenttal 116 rOWERHOUSE Oil Co

Deseret Archers Supply 111 PARSONS was a veteran, allcon- were wet.

Deseret Building Society 117 ference back and I knew he would "You wild, Irish, New Mexican

Deseret News Press 122 make neither of the mistakes his bulldogger!"His voice was viStores,Eastman Inc 112 Kodak

Cleaner 119 teammates had made. I knew he brant with emotion. "You disEureka Vacuum Co

Ghirardelli, D. Co 117 would tackle high and would hang obeyed again!"

Glade Candy Company 120 on. He had seen Zum sidestep Then Coach Bob threw his

J.Grant, Heber 125 Co the 8 spin his from away and mate that smashedfaced arms aroundIndependent Coal 123 & Coke Co first tacklers. his Parsons would of a like they hugged and cowboy BroadcastingIntermountain Co. tackle that flying risk would no girls, school couple of homesick 127 L) (KDY

feet. his take from himJensens Jewelers 115 tears while their cheeks run down

BuildersKetchum Supply Co 124 Knight Fuel 109 I honestly believe that Zum, like rain down a tiled roof. Company

L. D. S. Business College 119 too, had figured what the Power- "Yeah!"Zum finally managed

Logan Garment Company 110 house would do, for without deto say. "You can have my suit

Mitchell's Beauty 112 Shoppe bit flecting his course one he made I get it—off."125Murray Laundry Co It as—soon—as fellow. straight big for the bring that up,"'You would 123National of Music Academy to going that seemed was Zum.President's answered, Relief Coach unmindful Bob Unemployment

Inside Back Cover throw himself into Parson's open of the passing, curious throngs and

Portland Ass'n 111 Cement not five arms, but suddenly, when us. rest as I the of far "So am SchoolQuish Culture of Beauty 122 sideways darted he feet away, suit to concerned that can you wear Hatcheries 117Ramshaw right. the pass Parsons on 'til it off can have drops and you Cabinet Salt Lake 114 & Fixture Co

Salt Lake Knitting Co.—-- 125 Parsons reached out and seized mine and my home if you want

Salt Lake Stamp 115 Company Sears, Roebuck 119 the cowboy with his two arms and em! Co &

Sego Milk Company 114 hung on. Then it was that I And then they hugged again.

Taylor Stf Company 112 knew that Zum had intended that I knew right then that Coach Bob

Jos.Taylor, William, Inc 128 Hazard would never issue another that. do just The cowshould Tuberculosis Ass'n 116 he

ipulling Parultimatum. over hunched boyUtah Gas 118 Co 8 Coke

Utah High School of Beauty Culture -110 sons slightly up on his shoulders Yea, Kipling is right

OilUtah Refining Co. Jnside Front Cover

Materials Utah Photo 111 and sped on, the Bengal's legs "But there is neither East nor West, Co

Utah Power & Light Co 126 trailing like the tail of a comet. Border, nor Breed, nor Birth,

FurnitureWestern Co I 123 The stands went wild as they WhenTho'twotheystrongcomemenfromstandthe faceends toofface,the Z. C. M. 121

became aware of what was going earth!"

eep his head up 9// a// come through tand we

You recognize this man. He lives in

your own town, not far from you...

Though faced with unemployment, he is combating adversity with courage.

He has retreated step by step, but fighting. He has spread his slender resources

as far as they will go.

This winter he and his family will need your help.

There are many other heads of families much like him in the United States.

This winter all of them will need the help of their more fortunate neighbors.

This is an emergency. It is temporary. But it exists. It must be met

with the hopefulness and resource typical of American conduct in emergencies.

Be ready! Right now in every city,

town and village, funds are being gathestab- ered for local needs—through the

lished welfare and relief agencies, the

Community Chest, or special Emergency

Unemployment Committees...

The usual few dollars which we regularly give will this year not be enough.

Those of us whose earnings have not been cut off can and must double, triple, quadruple our contributions.

By doing so we shall be doing the best possible service to ourselves. All that

America needs right now is courage. We

have the resources. We have the man

power. We have the opportunity for

world leadership.

Let's set an example to all the world.

Let's lay the foundation for better days that are sure to come.

The President's Organization on

Unemployment Relief

WALTER S. GIFFOBD, DIRECTOR

Committee on Mobilization of Relief Resources

OWEN D YOUNG, CHAIRMAN The President's Organization on Unemployment Relief is nonpolitical and nonsectarian. Its purpose is to

aid local welfare and relief agencies everywhere to provide for local needs. All facilities for the nationwide program, including this advertisement, have

been furnished to the Committee without cost.

wmmmmm

WIVES SOMETIMES OBJECT -- WIDOWS NEVER DO.

We BIG HOME COMPANY HAS PAID TO POLICYHOLDERS AND THEIR BENEFICIARIES SINCE ORGANIZATION MORE

THAN SEVEN AND ONEHALF MILLION DOLLARS.

IS YOUR FAMILY ON THE SAFE SIDE?

JOIN THE GREAT BENEFICIAL FAMILY AND PARTICIPATE IN

THE EARNINGS OF THIS INSTITUTION.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO DIRECTORS HOME OFFICE: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH DIRECTORS

J. GEO. VrCE PRESIDENT CANNON. 2ND <=, K,= CE - EwER TT "RALPHSba.bU;, PREt,DENTPRES1DENT B. A. SECRETARY OHLSON. chas.A U=.w,Nw. K,',ifLJ'CEnibleyJ, tNT f. General manager A grantC.'ojojqioiC* JOS. F. SMITH b.david g MCKAY