SK I

v*i

il r

'*** *'j*

jjgtjgg

SSS mi; i! mi

xe Improvement Era October 1958

A young Orient & Pacific passenger hears his first bagpipes two days outfrom Fiji. Photograph by Tom Hollyman.

Run away to sea—on a golden Orient & Pacific ship

PACK your dreams. Pick your destination. The amazing thing is, your trip can cost less

Hong Kong, Australia, Fiji, New Zealand, than a resort vacation. About $24 a day!

Japan, Manilathey're all yours on the golden Roundtrip fares to the South Pacific start ships of the new Orient & Pacific Lines. at $604, those to the Far East at $640. Or

These are the largest and fastest liners in you can sail there and fly back, and save with the Pacific. Each has thousands of feet of sunround-trip rates both ways. See your travel

lit open deck. Two swimming pools. English agent. Or write for free brochure.

nannies to mind the children for you during Orient & Pacific Lines: Suite D, 210 Post

the day. And more things to do at night than St., San Francisco. Cunard Line: General jg0k.:

you find in most fairsized towns. Passenger Agents in U.S. and Canada.

Orient & Pacific ships sail from San Francisco, Los Angeles, VancouverAll the "FLAVOR is not in the soup

(or the cheese or salad or dip, or whatever you serve with Saltine Crackers by Purity)

J he fresh saltine goodness and crackling by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr. crispness of these famous crackers, add

Oxygen Content their own perky touch to your enjoyment of

Professor G. P. Kuiper estimates the hearty flavors in your favorite soup.

that the entire oxygen content of When the dish, or the simple snack, calls for the atmosphere passes through living matter about every 3,000 years, crackers, taste what a difference and that its carbon dioxide goes /-arSaltines by Purity makes.

through living matter in about 10 years. The atmosphere, Professor

D. R. Bates points out, contains

about five million million tons of oxygen or about two million tons for each inhabitant of the earth.

A Locust's Metabolism A locust's metabolism, or rate of using energy, increases during flight to 50 times the resting rate, and a honeybee's to 52 times.

Birds have muscles which have 2.5 times the

power output of insects for equal amounts of muscle. In muscle

strength, the load lifted per cross section, a man can lift from 85 to 142 pounds per square inch of muscle, a frog 42.6,

and the hind leg of a grasshopper 67 pounds, Dr. Ross E. Hutchins of

Mississippi State College has found.

The Oceans'Rise An examination of all recorded observations over the earth leads to the conclusion that in the past half century the level of the oceans has risen by two or three inches as a result of the melting of glaciers, the At your favorite grocer's

Dutch geologist P. H. Kuenen rein 1 and 2 pound cartons

ports.

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

OCTOBER 1958 705

The Improvement Era, The Voice of the Church, Volume 61, Number 10, October 1958.

Official organ of the priesthood quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, ward teachers, Music Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

Church Features

The Editor's Page: London Temple Dedicatory Prayer

President David O. McKay 718

Your Question: Importance of the Sacrament Meeting

President Joseph Fielding Smith 720

Preliminaries to the Restoration-I Milton V. Backman, Jr. 722

Clifford E. Young, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve—18831958

Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 728

Thanksgiving ( Family Hour Discussion Topic John Longden 746

The Era Takes You to the Dedication of the London Temple

Doyle L. Green 880

The Church Moves On, 712; Melchizedek Priesthood: Teaching our Father's other

children; The Presiding Bishopric's Page, 748.

Special Features

Assignment to Polynesia Edward L. Clissold 726

Humor in the Classroom Kenneth J. Brown 730

Leadership Development: Stimulants Sterling W. Sill 732

The Hot and Cold Period, continued ( So That's What Boys Are

Made of, ) IV W. Cleon Skousen 738

New YMMIA General Board Members Appointed 741

The Man Who Is Wise Will ExercisePart II Gordon T. Allred 742

Missionary Helps: How to Memorize 760

The Spoken Word from Temple Square

Richard L. Evans 758, 764, 770, 772

Today's Family: Autumn Freeze Edna Schofield 774

Exploring S. the Universe, Franklin Harris, Jr., 705; These Times: Africa, G. Homer Cover—The fullcolor Reports, Durham, 708; 710. Letters and

reproduction of the London Temple is taken Stories, Poetry from a transparency by

Irvin T. Nelson. Elder

"Cast Thy Bread.. Evelyn Witter 725 Nelson, who was in charge

I Knew Buffalo Bill Clint Larson 734 ofLondonlandscapingTemple,atis thealso

Poetry 740, 750, 756, 758, 765, 767, 768, 772, 773, 779 responsible for making

Temple Square the srjot of the David O. Editors; Richard and L. Evans, L. Editor; beauty Green, Doyle McKay Managing

of "Crossroads the C. Associate Josephson, Editor; Marba Managing Elizabeth Editor; Production J. Moffitt, West."Zobell, Albert L. Jr., Editor; Research Kinnear, Editorial Associate; Ralph Reynolds John

and Ed Maryon, Art Directors.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter,

Hugh Nibley, Claude B. Petersen, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

Joseph T. Bentley, General Manager; Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager;

Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; Thayer Evans,

Regional Advertising Representative.

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

Copyright 195S by Mutual Funds, Inc., and published by the Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church of Jesus Christ

of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in

advance; 25c single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage

provided for in section 1103. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on

acceptance at the rate of I'.ic a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Thirty days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include address slip from a recent issue

of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old address as well as the new one is included.

706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. A Century of Singing

J. SPENCER CORNWALL

music, but the only not "This is bridge,"of II building a human AND NOW VOL the quoting from "Time,"wrote

Berlin Telegraf about the Tabernacle Choir concert in that city. In a "Century of Singing"J. Spencer Cornwall has Atmtm

shown how the choir could do just that. During the past thirty 9.KMU *W*

years, furthermore, the magic of radio has extended the range of the choir, bringing countless additional persons under the choir's magic spell. J. Spencer

Cornwall, conductor from 1935 to 1957, has written an allinclusive, dramatic book which provides fascinating reading and invaluable information on this inspired singing organization—

the Tabernacle Choir.

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

He That Liueth Authoritative answers to current questions and problems—most of which have never been preDOYLE L. GREEN

sented to the public before. In this volume, Presi- "He That Liveth"by Doyle L.

of editor "The Green, vital questions managing to 50 answers gives dent Smith is about Jesus Era,"Improvement a doctrinal selected from for written Christ, Latterday standthe have been which point of interest. Among these problems and withSaints tenand masterpiecesbeautifully illustratedfrom the

questions which receive answers are the followfacilepainterbrushCarl of Bloch.the masterWrittenDanishin

ing: readily understandable and at the

Nonsegregation. samethis booktime answersfascinatinga real language,need in

Travel. book, This Church. the and Interplanetary Missiles Guided

to for parents is anda familychildren must Book of a changes in the there any vital discuss together. read and Are A series

Mormon? ofthe twentyfourChrist"whicharticlesran recentlyon "Jesusin

Why does not the Doctrine and Covenants "The Improvement Era."

contain more revelation? No. 3 $3.25

Cremation of the Dead.

"As Man Is, God Once Was."

The Authority of Jesus Will Sons of Perdition Have Ascendency over

Satan? No. 1 $2.50 The Saga of Mormonism

DOYLE L. GREEN

A brief history of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints. The illustrations include eight pages of the

reproductions of the Cody Chapel

Mural in full color. First reproduced

in the November 1957 issue of "The

Improvement Era."

1*1 No. 4 $1.00

answer DeseretESBooh Co.

44 East South Temple -- Salt Lake City. Utah

COMPANY BOOK DESERET

Salt Lake City, "Utah Temple 44 East South

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check; ( ) money

order; ( ) I have an account. Please charge for the encircled

(numbered) books: 3 4 12

Amount enclosed $

Name

Address

City Zone State Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

OCTOBER 1958 707

Use These Times Samsonite ALLSTEEL >S&7 S I

*At GATA/fACT *.%W% TtvptvFOLDING CHAIRS S."A -,JRTOft t A

, MA9SW Dotigpi "ca't.. StuJaft* tf* v-

1CH WEST AFRICA,, pum***CtntfmifiaANGLOEGYPTIAN*'. Stems,, *

Omdujrman. jcbart<?uw O

SUDA'N'Wki,*'''eioiu.,aRi—(MtM:* SsJ?m as S MeiiUJW. '">8<f. '\**fc K*.''I Amman IlGw!a; SfSlflnEl Faster( n Na""HaKaarAK 8<#>-* S f CI it 'W SZ*"* - o KrfUvfc.,*",tt. Wrt

J/A# Nf I C E R i A:J%T a '>f Addis Ababaa

ETHICeimaa B tn=SAir<3I - SHARl St1 Proven strongest and safest KanBifMNMPft, "far! S.6ut

''few m"'yVaoumi Ango Santa ImktlQ / y by actual test! SPANISH

Batai: i. /ffi*rt *>d5*,nd.t. Nfejr Gulf of Guinea

f<xr&* Sf?.J* L.IM4HHU*inono -,X'im"Vi. "i Nairobi*, '

AFRICA

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VicePresident, University of Utah

Why do we say Samsonite is the world's Africa is the second continent of to have knowledge about this sigstrongest steel folding chair? Because the world. Its IP/2 million square nificant continent and its peoples.

in actual tests, Samsonite withstood miles mark it next to Asia as earth's Africa may no longer properly be over 1000 pounds (even a troupe of largest portion of earth. It is the called the "dark continent"except

acrobats) without buckling. Now in 11 home of 220,000,000 people, of all as that statement is expressive of

decorator colors. races. As a recent report of the the general ignorance of nonAfri-

lines, is to it. respect cans says: with Air "Africa Assembly of the seat. American any part on tipping—StandNo

rail nettransport, a every to nearly water and and home or host known tilting.Selfadjusting prevent hinges

Extra safety—Fold it or unfold it. Samsonite variety of man."* work of motorable roads now crisscan't nip your fingers. Politically these people live under cross its map.

Chipresistant finish—All parts have bondtwenty-one categories of rulership. There are few readers of this

erized baked enamel finish. Included are nine sovereign African column who cannot name all the

Other Fine Samsonite Chairs: governments, five European powers, countries of Europe and Asia. But

A. Samsonite padded and seven areas which are truzt terhow many can name the nine indechair cushion—Upritories nations found in pendent of the Nations. United now Unholstered with damof the Africa? (Egypt, Federation of are stages der these many vinyl. ageresistant

development, especially in the posEthiopia and Eritrea, Ghana, Liberfolding Samsonite B.

—armchair Padded sessions held by Belgium, France, ia, Libya, Morocco, Sudan, Tunisia,

and upholstered vinyl Portugal, Spain, and the United and the Union of South Africa.

seat, back, armrests. Kingdom. The full impact of the Egypt is the largest in population

C. Samsonite folding colonial revolution is yet to come in of the nine independent nations with

tabletarm chair—Africa. The Boer War was only the nearly 23 million inhabitants. SecNatural blonde finish beginning; a contest of Europeans ond is the Federation of Ethiopia

tabletarm. hardwood

against Europeans. The rising of and Eritrea, with 20 million. The

indigenous African peoples against Union of South Africa, third with

European overlordship, wellbegun nearly 14 million, is followed by the in the north and in Egypt, now preSudan (10 million), Morocco (nearsents vital problems for mankind in ly 10 million), and the rest. Libya

the remaining years of the twentieth is the sparse state with only century. It is important therefore 1,105,000.

(See page 779 for references.) Egypt, ( Continued on page 766

WRITE FOR free Samsonite catalog. Shwayder Bros.,

Inc., Institutional Seating Div., Dept. IE10, Detroit.

708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Here is the second vital volume in this best selling series: A practical guide to

of research procedures and evaluation A BASIC COURSE evidences which confront beginner and is indispensable,"F. Bennett, IN GENEALOGY, VOL I! veteran.according"Thisto Archibaldtext

Research Procedure and Secretary"A long stepof Utahin theGenealogicalright directionSociety;...

Evaluation of Evidence in clarifying matters which are only by halfJacobus,understood,"noted authority.reports ADonaldmust forLines

Derek Harland every Latterday Saint.

$3.95

encyclopedia on Mormonism. MORMON DOCTRINE NoallinclusiveL.D.S. home should be without this

concisely explains thousands Clearly and

A Compendium of the scripturalof beliefs referencesof the Churchcited... Covers. with the

Gospel entire field of revealed religion, by -defining and outlining all of the basic

Bruce R. McConkie andprinciplesmodern.of salvation, both ancient

$5.00

BOOKCRAFT 1058 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following checked books $**- forcheckwhichor moneyI encloseorder.$.

-0*5"-/, n* J JUST ONE CUMORAH $2.25—:.-"—

-tTci VOL. II $3.95 BASIC COURSE,.';>;-* > I BOOKPUBLISHERS TO CRAFTTHE L.D.S. TRADE.: t'*--<:>;"Z'.l Z**?- | $5.00 DOCTRINE MORMON '/<* -i\.'

Name 1186 SOUTH MAI HU 7-7488 Address

City State J OCTOBER 1958 709 Oelwein, Iowa Dear Editors:

We have found an interesting bit ofLetters information. We are laboring as missionaries in the Northern States Mission, currently in Oelwein, Iowa. We were told

that missionaries had never been in this area before—but we found a woman whoand had pictures or cards ( or both ) of elders

who had been here in 19141920. They

are:

Elder A. B. DialOctober 31, 1920,Reports Shelley, Idaho

Elder Morrison12-12-2(?), Downey,

Idaho Elder Steed12-12-2(?), Syracuse, Utah

Elder C. Ray Jones—1914 Christmas,

Henefer, Utah

She also remembered these elders'names:

FIVE YEAR RECORD Cottrel, Robinson ( a supervisor ), Bushnell, Waite. We also received a dinner

Mildred Ann Callaway has five years assistant chorister. invitation because a man had had a very

perfect attendance at Mutual, Sunday She is a member of interesting discussion with M. Lynn BenSchool, and Sacrament meetings. She is the Monroe South nion while on a train.

a top student at South Sevier High School, Ward, South SeWe found one more elder: Elder James

teaches Junior Sunday School, and is an vier (Utah) Stake. H. Karren, Vernal Utah.

We thought the people in the West would be interested in knowing of the lasting effect they have on people. These

men were here fortyfour years ago—

"ACTIVITY RRINGS TESTIMONY"There were no floodlights available so and still they are remembered.

that a bright sunny day was extremely

To hold the MIA conference dance fesdesirable. And as the festival began the

tival in Holland in May in an open field wind started to blow and soon the dark Sincerely, seemed impossible when the MIA commitskies cleared in a circle directly above the J. Virgil Bushman

tee of the Netherlands Mission suggested field and the sun shone through! At the

it. It would require learning the dances conclusion of the festivities, it seemed as

and seven new songs in six month's time. if they were seeing the most beautiful Samoa

But as the project progressed the cants sunset in Holland. Dear Brethren:

were slowly changed to maybes and then The second day was the time of the Enclosed please find a check payable to why nots. music festival, which was equally enjoyto you for three subscriptions to The ImFriends in the Bountiful and South able. At another session, the third and provement Era. Would you please mail

Davis stakes in Utah were approached, and fourth Golden Gleaner and the second them each month to the following:...

the MIA of those stakes held a special and third Master M Men awards in the We are sure that these people [the dance. Admission price per couple: one history of the mission were given. Governor of Samoa and the two Samoan

formal to be shipped to the Netherlands On the last day an early morning testikings] will find this magazine as wonderMission. mony meeting was held in a wooded park. ful and beautiful as we do.

As the time for the mission conference Those attending had to arise at 4:80, May I take this opportunity to thank

approached, the weather did not look too catch a chartered tram, to be there for you personally for the beautiful new Era.

promising. A special fast day was held the 6:00 o'clock meeting. We in the mission field often lose contact

with all those concerned joining in the Those attending the MIA conference with the things that we loved so much at petition to make the festival possible. In of the Netherlands Mission felt the joy home like the Era. It certainly is a welthe meantime, kind offers of umbrellas of service, the joy of experiencing a come mail day when we can see that we

and even canvas to cover the sports field working faith, and they had discovered are going to get another opportunity to in case of rain were rejected. that "Activity Brings Testimony."read about the Church in the rest of the

world presented in such a wonderful way as you do in the Era.

May the Lord continue to bless you all in your wonderful "missionary work."

Thank you so very much.

Sincerely, Ralph G. Rodgers

Mission Secretary

Basel, Switzerland Dear Editors:

I enjoy reading the Era very much and it has helped me in my missionary work to a great extent. I especially enjoy the

Editor's Page by President David O.

McKay.

Left: Netherlands Mission Board, readSecretary; Ella May Hulet, music; Lia May I compliment you on the changes

ing from front, left to right: Elder Richard Strietman, Beehive; and Polly F. Thomas, that have been made in the last while in

S. Lemon, supervisor; Elder Gerald L. activity. Right: Elders'Choir, under the your magazine.

Shupe, assistant; Annemarie H. Boom, M direction of Sister Ella May Hulet.

MenGleaner Counselor; Willy Scheiffers, Elder Wayne Mortensen

710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA P to New Farming Ease and Convenience with a TractorNew JOHN DEERE

This complete, new John Deere line of tractors boasts 30 basic models and 6 power sizes, ranging from the 6-pIow "830"Diesel to the 1-2-plow "330"Series, and includes Standard and RowCrop models, with a variety of engines to burn the fuel of your choice;

RowCrop models with a choice of nterchangeable front ends.

to do Here in the trim, functional lines icing, and maintenance—and

of these new John Deere Tracit, day after day, season after seators is your tipoff to what awaits son, year after year.

you the moment you step aboard Here, in this brandnew lineup is

... comfort riding smooth for with tractor... the you—packed driving, shifting, and operasmooth

that features not only promise new... quiet smooth, power ting ease

... and smooth, accurate control new farming ease and convenience,

of equipment in the roughest, toughbut that make all those timeproved est of field conditions. John Deere performance and econAnd here again is typical JOHN omy features more valuable than

DEERE POWER and ECONOMY ever. Give your John Deere dealer

... the ability to handle more a ring today and treat yourself to

work at lower costs for fuel, serv- a new, exciting tractor experience.

SEND FOR FREE LITERATURE

JOHN DEERE MOLINE, ILLINOIS DEPT. P 50

Please send information on the following: RowCrop Tractors

Standard Tractors John Deere Credit Plan

Name D Student Rural Route. Box Town.

"WHEREVER CROPS GROW, THERE'S A GROWING DEMAND State.

FOR JOHN DEERE FARM EQUIPMENT"

OCTOBER 1958 711 UNIVERSAL TRAVEL SERVICE The Church

Hotel Temple Square

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone DA 8-8881 Moves On

June 1958 AGENTS FOR Miss Greldon L. Nelson, schoolteacher of Ogden, Utah, was

ORIENT PACIFIC appointedUnion. to the general board of the Deseret Sunday School

and Olympus Stake, the 267th, formed from portions of Holladay (Utah) Stake, with Elder Heber E. Peterson president and

ORIENT LINE Elders Boyd C. Bott and J. Vernon Sharp counselors. Both

President Peterson and Elder Bott were counselors to retiring

President George Carlos Smith of Holladay Stake, who is now a member of the general superintendency of the YMMIA. The new

Fifth, Sixth, includes stake Seventh, Holladay Ninth and Wards Tours and Cruises to the Orient, ef3380. of approximately with changes membership a were The

Middle East and Australasia fected by Elder Henry D. Moyle of the Council of the Twelve and

by Patriarch Eldred G. Smith.

Elder Bernard P. Brockbank sustained president of Holladay

Stake succeeding President George Carlos Smith. President Brockbank's counselors are Elders A. Ray Curtis and William W. Prince.

Wards in Holladay Stake are Holladay First, Second, Third, Fourth,

VIEFCO Eighth, Tenth, and Eleventh. Membership is approximately 4480.

Elder Rudger C. Atkin sustained president of St. George

(Utah) Stake, succeeding President Wilford J. Reichmann. Elders DuoPot Theodore M. Peterson and Lloyd L. Jennings are counselors. Both

President Atkin and Elder Peterson served as counselors to PresiEXTRUDED ALUMINUM dent Reichmann.

COMBINATION DOOR Highest Quality Lowpriced Door in July 1958 the Intermountain West Elder Hugh B. Brown of the Council of the Twelve offered

the dedicatory prayer at the dedication of the Fort Moorebeautiful, preRugged, 1 "Mormon Battalion Memorial, Los Angeles. built cision and a full

thick. Converts in minutes

from storm door to The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder screen. Selvoy J. Boyer, president of the British Mission from 1946

to 1949, as president of the London Temple. Sister Boyer

is to be the matron of the temple. IWMafic ALUMINUM

3-TRACK COMBINATION WINDOW With a children's parade, Salt Lake City began its annual

Changes instantly from storm window celebration honoring the Utah Pioneers. Daily until the

to to screen. Nothing remove or store. 24th other events were held. aircraft of Precision aluminum made

for lifetime service.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

SEE YOUR LOCAL Robert L. Simpson of the Inglewood (California) Stake

LUMBER DEALER high council, president of the New Zealand Mission, succeeding President Ariel S. Ballif. President Simpson filled a mission

DISTRIBUTED BY in New Zealand in 193740. Sister Simpson and their three children

has recently been divided. President Alexander P. Anderson of MORRISONwill accompany him on this mission. The New Zealand Mission

Salt Lake City will preside over the New Zealand South Mission. MERRILL & CO.

Building Material Distributors

712 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Postum is the natural wholegrain drink

When you're looking for a hearty, healthful drink, try Postum.

Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. And don't forget, Postum tastes so good

—and it's so good for you!

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

OCTOBER 1958 713 A mammoth street parade, rodeo, and other events closed

Salt Lake City's annual pioneer celebration. In the Tabernacle a pageant, These Are My People, was presented in the

evening. The Tabernacle Choir assisted in this program.

President David O. McKay dedicated the chapel of the

Canyon Rim and Canyon Rim Second wards, Canyon Rim (Salt Lake City) Stake.

August 1958

The appointment of Dr. Thomas J. Parmley to the general

board of the Deseret Sunday School Union was announced.SAFEWAY Governor Averell E. Harriman of New York opened the

seventeenth annual presentation of the pageant "America's Friend of the Family Witness for Christ"at the Hill Cumorah, near Palmyra,

Friend of the Farmer New York. Elder Hugh B. Brown of the Council of the Twelve

was in attendance this year.

National Apple Week is This was the final night for "America's Witness for Christ,"scheduled for October 9 to 18 the sacred pageant at the Hill Cumorah. In the three perand Safeway will again take formances, an estimated 125,000 persons witnessed it this

an active part in promoting the year.

luscious apples that are proThe Deseret Sunday School Union announced the appointduced in Utah and Idaho. ment of Donna Lee Rudd and Jane Hopkinson to their general

board.

With a bountiful supply of apples available again this year, Elder Wilford B. Murray released as first counselor in the

Safeway Stores will put on exSan Francisco ( California ) Stake presidency. Elder Wallace

tensive promotions in Utah N. Alfred sustained as first counselor, Elder B. Herman

and Idaho stores to sell locally Schettler second counselor, succeeding Elder Allred.

produced apples from Utah and The appointment of Mrs. Louise W. Madsen as second

Idaho farmers and ship them counselor in the general presidency of the Relief Society to many states from Arkansas was announced. She has been a member of the general

to California, opening new marboard since December 1947. She succeeds Mrs. Helen W. Anderkets for any surplus. son, who will accompany her husband, Alexander P. Anderson, a recently called mission president, to the New Zealand South MisSafeway continually works sion.

with Utah and Idaho farmers in helping sell the products of The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder their fields. For instance, last T. Bowring Woodbury as president of the British Mission,

President Clifton Kerr. succeeding G. M. President WoodLaker, is year Safeway purchased and bury, a a Witchita, former Salt Kansas, businessman, and

marketed more than $2,500,000 president of the Central Kansas District. He is a former counselor

in fresh fruits and vegetables in the Central States Mission presidency. Mrs. Woodbury will

in Utah and Idaho. The total accompany him to the field of labor, as will Wendy, the youngest

is expected to be even higher of their three children.

British newspaper and radio men were guests at the London for 1958.

Temple.

Safeway is truly Over six thousand persons saw the London Temple on the

A Friend of the Family first two days it was opened to the public.

A Friend of the Farmer Elder O. Layton Alldredge sustained as president of East

Mill Creek Stake with Elders Wendell J. Ashton and Orin R.

Woodbury, counselors, succeeding President Gordon B.

Hinckley and his counselors, Elder H. Leroy Erickson and Elder

Alldredge.

Elder Clifford B. Wright sustained as president of South Los SAFEWAY Angeles (California) Stake with Elders Harold F. Whittier and

Ivan Magnusson as counselors, succeeding President William Noble

Waite, and counselors, Elders Wright and Whittier.

714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Library START NOW! Build a

of Choice LDS Books! MORMON

CURRENT SELECTION: MORMON DOCTRINE

by Bruce R. McConkie

Start building your LDS library the systematic Books

Club way with this outstanding compendium of the gospel by Bruce R. McConkie of the Council of Seventy.

"Mormon Doctrine"is an authoritative digest of the gospel covering the entire field of revealed religion.

Thousands of doctrinal subjects are clearly and concisely analyzed and explained. No LDS home should $5.00 be without this encyclopedia on Mormonism.

Why You Should HOW THE CLUB PLAN SAVES YOU UP TO 20%

Join Now!

If bookof-themonth. being named thru the the books buy books you four every Books the in With LDS membership A. Your nothdo you top the book receive to wish as fifth FREE you receive book a you Club, Books LDS increase to you will enable Club with along postpaid to sent will you... be ing—it choice five get thus you book bonus a

assist you book, the gospel, If of the not do want statement. you knowledge savings a your four, price of a for the books Church

alternate an for provided postcard the return approximately testimony, of strong 20%. a in building you

all). at (or selection none adadditional these you give Doctrine"and join ordering "Mormon by You B. Club Book four purchased have After you deselections alternate D. the or of or more one vantages: book bonus select FREE your selections, you four may as as order scribed few below. You may

which books list choice Church of long active a from to membership a year your keep books Savings:... or you may order one or more books each will be provided.

desire. if you month to club available are books Church Other E. About 20% through a free bonus nonbook- However, club. the through members of sevreviews receive Each you will month C. book plan. credit. bonus carry will not.. selections club of. with selected one books eral carefully

Careful Selection:

Only the choicest books are recommended.

Methodical: FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON NOW

Your library grows systematically. LDS BOOKS CLUB, 161 East Utopia Avenue, Salt Lake City 15, Utah

Best New LDS Gentlemen:

Books: Please enroll me as a member of the LDS BOOKS CLUB and send me the seleetion(s) marked:

CHRIST THE JESUS LORD THE OF THE CANDLE DOCTRINE a MORMON they as soon as get them You E. Talmage....$3.50 James $3.75 S. by Bennion $5.00 by R. McConkie... Adam Bruce by

press. Bennion Elder the off of Discourses come Messiah and of the study A

advice commonsense with the of his THE mission. WORD SAY One GOOD

is the time longer? every all to wait walk Now ages and $3.50 Kirkham. authori- A. Why Oscar quoted widely by most

life. of Christ. poems, readings, life Favorite of ties library the your on building act. Start to COVENANTS DOCTRINE AND outan by sermons and D now. Joseph by youth. COMMENTARY of leader standing FOR STORIES SACRED Fielding and Smith Felt..$3.95 Marie by CHILDREN $4.00 others IN GENEBASIC COURSE A delighted be will Children and I completely indexed Vol. Gard- A by ALOGY,

unforgettable these valwith edition. most revised Smith. A $3.95 ner, Harland, &

stories of easyto-read and to studying and help uable in course comprehensive A the of Old prophets great this imporunderstanding reand keeping record

Testament. scripture. of tant book search.

NAME

ADDRESS

CITY STATE

(Utah $ enclosed residents add 2% order or of check money Amount sheet.) your Era, send information on separate mutiSate to not wish do (If you sales tax).

Club LDS Books OCTOBER 1958 715

The annual allChurch softball tournaments, both senior and junior divisions, began at George Q. Morris softball park,

Salt Lake City.

Elder Clifford E. Young,'&> Assistant to the Council of the

Twelve, died in a hospital at American Fork, Utah, He was seventyfour years of age.

Mesa Eighth Ward (Arizona) won the senior division allChurch softball tournament by defeating Boise Seventh (Idaho) 3-2. Other scores and tournament positions: Monument Park Fifth (Salt Lake) 2, Wellsville First (Utah) 0, (third

and seventh); Salt Lake Twentyninth 19, Pleasant Green (Utah)

4, (fourth and eight); American Fork Seventh 5, Provo Thirteenth

(both Utah) 3, (fifth and ninth); Glendora 3, San Diego Fifth (both

California) 2 (consolation and tenth).

FURNITURE by /Mm.

division 8, Studio In the junior City (both Beach First Long HEYWOOD- 1 For School Wakefield California) (California) Centinela second); 1, (champion and

and Recreation Salt Lake Twentyeighth 1, (third and seventh); Hyde Park (Utah)6,

Rooms. Smart 13, St. David (Arizona) 1, (fourth and eighth); Huntington Park

construction lifetime make styling and for (California) 16, East Garland (Utah) 2, (fifth and ninth); and ideal choice furniture the TrimLine

your school, social rooms, and Sunday Chandler Second (Arizona) 6, Salt Lake North Twentyfirst 5 schools. Made of chromeplated tubular (consolation and tenth).

steel with laminated plastic, solid wood or indestructible HeyWoodite Solid Plastic... available in a complete selection of "Bighteousness Exalteth a Nation"was the title of the Church

chairs, desks and tables in scientifically of the Air address delivered by Elder George Q. Morris of

graded sizes. Write for catalogs. the Council of the Twelve.

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD COMPANY School Furniture Division Funeral services were conducted for Elder Clifford E. Young

MENOMINEE, MICHIGAN at American Fork, Utah.

The appointment of Miss Edythe C. Johnson to the general

board of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement AssoIMPORTED 5-PIECE ciation was announced.

September 1958Mtecu/ie Set Prededication viewing by the public of the London Temple closed this evening. An estimated eighty thousand persons

saw the temple in this way.

President David O. McKay arrived in England for the temple

dedication. Accompanying him on the plane were President

Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council of the Twelve, Sister

Smith, and Elder A. Hamer Beiser. The air trip from New York

had been slowed by unfavorable winds. An unscheduled fuel stop

in Ireland had to be made, and the plane was three hours behind

Reg. $3.50 Value schedule arriving in London.

and can lid

'fas from of Elder the Me appointment First announced Presidency The MOO Jolly of bag Ellis as President Vard Christensen to succeed Beeder H. Joseph Corn Time Pop CnJLM"-TS fc1"

currently President a Mission. Beeder, of Tahitian the president

direct Postpaid Europe Shipped from bishopric, Seventh of City (Utah) the Ward Brigham member delicious ever corn most pop Time—Sister to and a son 1937. Beeder 1934 filled Tahiti to from a mission this offers to get opportunity handyou—Jolly

this assignment. on will him daughter accompany and direct set, 5-piece some, sent manicure

from Solingen, West Germany. Forged

steel. leather plated. Nickel Simulated Temple. dedicated the London President David O. McKay

zipper. Dept. Jolly case with Time, Send to held today, on sessions two sessions were Two dedicatory will City, Iowa. order 221, Sioux be Your

rushed to Europe for aceach of the two following days. The dedicatory prayer, a

ceptance and delivery magnificent appeal for peace, freedom, and righteousness, was translated into Dutch, French, German, and the Scandinavian languages.

716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Standard seeks oil in strange places...

in goes to meet your future oil needs23 of every dollar we take

On frozen plains, in the desert, in the jungle, on ocean floors—our

search for oil has spread far afield as discovery becomes increasingly Progress in petroleum means...

difficult and more costly. Oil companies will have to invest more

The United States has less than 10% of the free world's population, but thanyears 80in billionthe U.dollarsS. alonein tothefindnextand10

we use 55% of its oil production. Consumption is rising at a rate that develop the oil you will need.

will call for as much oil in the next 15 years as we produced in the last hundred.

In answer to the challenge of keeping America supplied in the future,

Standard last year invested more than ever before in oil exploration, development—or nearly onefourthof producingof everyfields, dollarresearchwe andtook constructionin. of facilities

Year after year, Standard is reinvesting a big share of its income in the neverending search for petroleum to help meet the growing needs of motorists, industry, home owners, farms and the Armed Forces.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

OCTOBER 1958 717 In place of the regular Editor's

Page this month, The Improvement

Era is pleased to present, with the permission of President McKay, the

London Temple

by Preside

O God, our Heavenly Father, thou who hast created all things, whose plans infinite and progressive, ever serve to foster closer relationship between thee and the human family. We, thy children, assemble before

thee this day in gratitude and praise. Thou hast said

that thy work and thy glory is "to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.)

Therefore, human beings are engaged in life's highest activity when they eooperate with thee in bringing bout this consummation. Earth with its barren rocks

md saline seas, and lifeless planetary systems would e purposeless without the creation of intelligent human beings. Only in their creation and eternal

destiny do we find the answer to the question:

"What is man, that thou art mindful of him? and

le son of Man, that thou visitest him?

"For thou hast made him a little lower than the ngels, and hast crowned him with glory and honour."

Psalm 8:4-5.)

Plainly thy glory is not in lifeless formations, but the "immortality and eternal life of man."

Temples are but one means of man's cooperation rith thee in accomplishing this divine purpose.

On the occasion of the dedication of this, the foureenth temple, may we first express overwhelming ratitude just to be alive in this great age of the orld. We pause this morning to open our hearts

thee for this special privilege. No other time in

orld history has been so wonderful—no other age

herein thy secret powers have been more within uman control; in no other era hath thy purposes been

carer human comprehension. Help us, O Lord, truly

o live!

ree Agency Next to life we express gratitude for the gift of ree agency. When thou didst create man, thou

laced within him part of thine omnipotence and

The Editors Page

Dedicatory Prayer

David O. McKay

bade him choose for himself. Liberty and conscience shall he illuminated with the light of Christ's evangel,

thus became a sacred part of human nature. Freeas clearly as ever was any realm since the days of

dom not only to think, but to speak and to act is a the apostles. The house of God shall be huilded in it;

Godgiven privilege. yea, it shall not lack the very copestone."

Thou didst inspire thy servant President Brigham Much clearer was the inspiration given President

Young to say, "Every man's independence is sacred Wilford Woodruff, and President Joseph F. Smith,

to him—it is a portion of that same Deity that rules and other more recent apostles, who stated proin the heavens. There is not a being upon the face phetically that "Temples of God,.. will be erected in

of the earth who is made in the image of God, who the divers countries of the earth,"and that "Temples stands erect and is organized as God is, that should will appear all over the land of Joseph—North and

be deprived of the free exercise of his agency so far South America—and also in Europe and elsewhere;

as he does not infringe upon others'rights save by and all the descendants of Shem, Ham, and Japheth, good advice and a good example."who received not the gospel in the flesh, must be

Personal liberty is the paramount essential to huofficiated for in the temples of God before the Savior man dignity and human happiness. can present the kingdom to the Father, saying, 'It is

Down through the ages men have been free to finished.'

accept or to reject thy righteous plan. History records We are grateful that in 1837 and 1840 authorized

how many have yielded to the enticements of the messengers were sent to Great Britain to announce to flesh, and how few, comparatively speaking, have the people of the British Isles that God had again followed the path of light and truth that leads to spoken from the heavens and reestablished in its happiness and eternal life! purity and fulness the gospel of Jesus Christ; that

But thy mercy, thy wisdom, thy love are infinite; thousands accepted the message and subsequently

and in dispensations past thou hast pleaded, as thou emigrated to the headquarters of the Church.

dost now plead, through chosen and authoritatively We thank thee that thou, Great Elohim, and appointed servants, for thy erring children to heed Jehovah, thy Beloved Son, answered the fervent apthe gospel message and come to thee. Holy temples peal of the lad Joseph Smith, and through subsequent

are a means of extending thy loving mercy to thy administrations of angels, enabled and authorized children even beyond the grave. him to organize the Church of Jesus Christ in its comWhen in the Middle Ages the church departed pleteness with apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers,

from Christ's teachings thou didst inspire honest, upevangelists, etc., as it was established in the days of

right men here in Great Britain to raise their voices the Savior and the apostles in the Meridian of Time.

against corrupt practices. Mingling with the denunciaIn keeping with the unwavering truth that thy

tory messages of Luther and Melanchthon in Germany, Church must be established by divine authority, thou and Swingli in Switzerland, were the voices of George didst send heavenly messengers to confer upon the

Wishart and later John Knox of Scotland. We thank Prophet Joseph Smith and others the Aaronic and

thee that before the scorching flames silenced his Melchizedek Priesthoods, and subsequently all the tongue and reduced his body to ashes thou didst keys of the priesthood ever held by thy prophets permit George Wishart to glimpse that "This realm from Adam, the Ancient ( Continued on page 775

OCTOBER 1958 719 What steps can be taken to instil

sacred attitude in the

QUESTION: "1 have always felt that the

partaking of the Sacrament was one of the most important duties devolving upon the members of the

Church. Moreover, that when we partake, our

thoughts should he centered upon the nature of the covenants embodied in the prayers. No other thing

should be permitted to distract our minds or draw our attention from this sacred service. My observation convinces me that the sacred attitude and solemnity which this ordinance requires are not always

observed. What steps can be taken to instil into the

hearts of members of the Church a more devout and sacred attitude in the observance of this ordinance?"Your

ANSWER: The Savior instituted the Sacrament at the feast of the passover on the night he was Question with his apostles immediately preceding his arrest

and condemnation. There in this upper room he gave

by Joseph Fielding Smith his apostles important instruction and introduced the

President of the Council of the Twelve Sacrament as a means by which they should remember him to the end of time. From the time of the

fall of Adam until this final passover, the Lord had given the law of sacrifice by the shedding of the blood of animals and birds, as the angel revealed, as "a similitude of the sacrifice of the Only Begotten of the Father,"(Moses 5:7) and it was to be observed

until the coming of Jesus Christ. In this sacrifice

they were to be reminded of the great sacrifice which was to come. After the atonement of Jesus on the

cross, this shedding of blood was to cease and from that time forth his true followers were to remember him and the reason for his death upon the cross, and these tokens representing his body and his blood which was shed, were given instead of animal sacrifice. Henceforth his followers were to meet in solemn

assembly and partake of the bread in remembrance

720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

in the hearts of members of the Church a more devout and

observance of the partaking of the Sacrament?

of his body and the wine 1 in remembrance of his is no other head whereby ye can be made free. There

blood which was shed for them. is no other name given whereby salvation cometh;

Nothing should ever be introduced in the Sacratherefore, I would that ye should take upon you the ment meeting that would detract from this ordinance. name of Christ, all you that have entered into the

The members of the Church should assemble in the covenant with God that ye should be obedient unto spirit of faith and prayer. Their minds should be the end of your lives.

centered on the Sacrament. There should be no whis- "And it shall come to pass that whosoever doeth

pering or other conversation, for this is a sin. The this shall be found at the right hand of God, for he

mind of each member should dwell on the prayers shall know the name by which he is called; for he

and the fulness of their meaning. Those who officiate shall be called by the name of Christ.

in the blessing of the emblems should feel the solem- "And now it shall come to pass, that whosoever nity of the occasion and the sacredness of the ordishall not take upon him the name of Christ must be nance, just as if the Lord were present in person with called by some other name; therefore, he findeth

them. Each member of the Church should have in himself on the left hand of God.

mind the three great covenants that are made by "And I would that ye should remember also, that partaking of these tokens, which are: this is the name that I said I should give unto you that

First: That they are willing to take upon them the never should be blotted out, except it be through transname of the Son, gression; therefore, take heed that ye do not transgress,

Second: That they will always remember him, that the name be not blotted out of your hearts.

Third: That they will keep his commandments, "I say unto you, I would that ye should remember

which he has given them. to retain the name written always in your hearts, that

How do we take upon us the name of the Son? ye are not found on the left hand of God, but that

The Church is called by his name, and we are to ye hear and know the voice by which ye shall be remember that by partaking of the Sacrament, we called, and also, the name by which he shall call acknowledge his hand in our redemption from death, you."(Mosiah 5:8-12.)

which is the gift to all men, and in the remission of To "always remember him,"does not mean simply our individual sins which comes through our obedito remember that he was crucified; but to keep in

ence in keeping his commandments. mind constantly the reasons why, and what blessings

King Benjamin has given us an excellent underhave come to each of us through his death and resurstanding of what is meant by taking upon us the rection. We are to remember the great suffering and

name of the Son. Because of the covenant we make, what it cost him to make the great atonement. We

we are spiritually begotten sons and daughters of are to remember that he did it because of his love,

Jesus Christ. We become his sons and his daughters, not only for those who believe on him, but also for

because he has redeemed us and given us life, thus the whole world: "For God so loved the world, that

defeating the power of the grave. Said he: he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever be-

"And under this head ye are made free, and there lieveth in him should not perish, but have everlast- ( See page 779 for references. ing life."(John 3:16.) (Continued on page 778)

OCTOBER 1958 721

'iMicktodOwMshjus Q

reliminaries

'jm

V> ** * '"'.?'"?.!

> sjp- v..

va...,*,,

1 *...

"'1"-f -'s-.kw?wi?.

--JS;-. -*K;; * '.Vs.***

VX'vV"!/ 'w*>m v-

im

"5 \ to the Restoration by Milton V. Backman, Jr.

A new era in American history began after the learned as a positive fact that the popular concept

War of 1812. This war, like other conflicts, served of God, which had monopolized Christian thinking

as a propelling catalyst, hastening the process of for approximately fifteen hundred years, was incorchange. Nationalism and isolationism increased in rect, and that the Father and Son were two separate

the American temper and became the patriotic cry and distinct Beings. He was instructed that the purity

during the remaining years of the nineteenth century. of the gospel of Jesus Christ was not then established

A transportation system rapidly linked this country on the earth, and that the professors of religions were into a unified network, disjointed in parts but spliced teaching doctrines which were the commandments more perfectly into a whole. The Compromise of of men. This First Vision, which was one of the most

1820 secured political peace and the rivalry between significant events in the history of the world, led to

Federalists and Republicans was at such a low ebb the eventual reestablishment of the Church of Jesus that contemporaries called this period an "era of Christ upon the earth and the influential dispersion good feelings."The age of the common man proof the teachings of the Savior.

vided social and political opportunities for citizens Because of the magnitude of this event, many on a wide scale. Political democracy increased with Latterday Saints have sought an answer to the

the extension of the suffrage, and religious liberty queries, "Why wasn't the Church established before became a reality with the elimination of the inthe nineteenth century? Why did the apostasy pertolerant statesupported churches. A rash of radical vade the world for so many years? Why wasn't there

religious sects appeared; industry flourished; labor be- a Joseph Smith in the tenth or sixteenth centuries?"

came organized; optimism was accentuated; and These questions cannot be successfully answered

America entered an era of peace, prosperity, and without an investigation into historical facts. Howsocial progress. ever, when one employs this method, he must bear in

As one turns back the pages of history, he further mind that man can never fully comprehend the delearns that the revivals that were manifest at the signs of our Maker. The prophetic utterance of

beginning of the century did not subside during the Isaiah clearly settles this issue: "For my thoughts

war; and eventually the revivalistic enthusiasm are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways,

became most apparent in western New York. saith the Lord."1 This fact, though, does not release

At the same time that the Erie Canal was altering us from the responsibility of attempting to interpret the economic complexion of that region, many settlers the past. The scriptures tell us that the path toward

became keenly interested in promulgating various the restoration was carefully prepared, and that religious philosophies, and Christian doctrines frenumerous steppingstones which led to this goal were quently became the issue for lengthy debates. The known by eastern and western prophets. Isaiah forediscussions resulted in fervent arguments, and numersaw that the gospel would be restored after a lengthy

ous perplexing questions remained unsolved. In 1820 apostasy. This same prophet also testified that before

in the midst of revivalsinged environment, a young Lebanon would be turned into a fruitful field, a farm boy, who had not reached his fifteenth year, marvelous work and a wonder would proceed among sought an answer to his religious quest through vocal God's children. A new work would appear that

prayer. The result of his supplication was a glorious would cause men that erred in spirit to understand

vision. The heavens revealed truth, and God the and those that murmured to learn doctrine. 2 Nephi

Father and his Son Jesus Christ appeared to the likewise beheld a vision that unfolded to him the workhumble youth, Joseph Smith. This experience taught ings of God's plans. He perceived that before the

him what no other mortal then living knew. He (See page 779 for references.)

OCTOBER 1958 723 restoration of the gospel, America would be diswas a Roman Catholic. People believed that salvacovered, settled, and that the prosperous English tion came only by complying with the teachings of

colonies would win their independence. Then, he the church; and the church controlled and dominated

predicted, the fulness of the gospel would be rethe thinking and actions of the medieval man. There

stored during a period subsequent to the American were few things that men learned that did not originate

Revolution. 3 within the parish; and anyone who challenged the offiHistorical facts bear evidence that the early ninecial Christian doctrine was subject to prosecution by

teenth century was, indeed, the most opportune the state authorities. During the Middle Ages religious

moment in the millenniums of mankind's long hisliberty did not exist; the church and state were not

tory for the fulness of the gospel to have been reseparated; and free, rationalistic thought seldom

established among men, for the restored teaching of found opportunities for expression. 4 After this conChrist could not have promulgated successfully prior tinued stifling of freedom, many reformers were subto the American Revolution. Before the gospel could jected to humiliation and martyrdom in their attempts

have been spread effectively throughout the world to secure the principle of religious freedom.

two major developments were essential: First, the One of the active agents in changing the status quo

principle of religious toleration had to be a reality, and preparing the path for the restoration was the not only in the form of statutes, but also in the thinkProtestant Reformation, for in the sixteenth century ing processes and actions of the people; second, all western Europe was rocked by this explosive

orthodox Christian theology had to be challenged revolution. The conflict was ignited by inspired

in order that men would be willing to consider the enthusiasts who were aroused to challenge the cortruths of the gospel. After one accepts the principles ruption apparent in the church. The anticlerical

embodied in the thirteenth Article of Faith concernattitude of the people granted reformers an opporing the free agency of man and adherence to the laws tunity to attack the papal authority; and then, they

of the land, it is not difficult to reason that before began to challenge many traditional beliefs that had missionaries could have proclaimed Mormonism, the become part of the established church. They proprinciple of religious toleration had to exist to a ceeded to alter the services, changed from Latin to

degree that would have permitted them to conduct the vernacular, so that all men might more intelligently their activities. Then, in addition to this semblance of worship God and gain an enhanced understanding of

religious liberty, many orthodox Christian doctrines, their religion. Individual instruction of the congresuch as the concept of God, the concept of heaven and gation was adopted which gave men greater insight

hell, the idea of the infallibility and allinclusive nainto their faith, and this catechism led many to inture of the scriptures, and the popular Calvinistic crease their rationalistic thinking. By exploiting the

doctrines of election and predestination, had to be abuses existent in the church, Luther, Calvin, Knox, removed from their sacred positions and be challenged Zwengli, and Cranmer also demonstrated to many by reformers before men could have been expected Christians that an apostasy had occurred and that to accept the teachings of the restored Church. Rethe doctrines of Christ, which had degenerated under

ligious liberty, the rise of free rationalistic thinking, the weight of the philosophies of men, needed to be and the liberalization of the orthodox Christian therestored. By insisting that the Bible should be studied

ology was not evident until after the American and used as the paramount guide for religious unRevolutionary generation had completed its work. derstanding, these reformers caused many Christians

Then, after these developments had been implanted to think, to reason, and to adopt fresh interpretations into the conduct of a new generation, the opportune of the scriptures. By creating dissent in the dominant

moment for the restoration of the gospel was at hand. church, they fostered diversification which is a natSuch a condition prevailed after the War of 1812. ural forerunner of toleration. Therefore, the ReformaToday, we can view the past with interest and reflect tion created in Europe a new social and political

upon many of the factors that appear to be the prestructure which promoted the establishment of reliminaries of the restoration. ligious liberty and the extension of freedom of

An investigation of medieval and early modern thought. 5

European history reveals that for thirty generations However, the reformers were not able to restore people believed that it was the duty of man to the fulness of the gospel upon the earth, nor did they worship and conduct his life according to the pattern attempt to establish freedom of thought on religious established by the Christian Church. One is not far toleration. They did not claim to have received direct

from the truth when he maintains that from the fifth revelation from God as did the apostles and prophets to the sixteenth century there was only one church of former ages; but they attempted to restore God's

in western Europe. Except for the Jew, the Spanish truth through the process of rationalization and used

Mohammedans, and the Greek Orthodox, everyone as their sole guide their (Continued on page 769)

724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

u.itCast Thy Bread.

... a heartwarming short story

by Evelyn Witter

The road on which our farm is located has been a the bend in the road and were in sight of the mailbox, poorly maintained gravel road. The spring rains, the they broke into a happy hopskip-andjump sort of a

winter's snow, the fall freezings and thawings have run. They looked eager, happy, and smiling. There

made it impassable for passenger vehicles on many was no trace of weariness in any of them.

days in these three seasons. Finally two neighbors who lived beside the road

At such times the school bus had to meet the chiltook up the treat idea, and we divided the contribudren at the paved road (a distance of four miles for tions between us. This made it more interesting for

some children) in the morning and deposit them the children. Instead of "Button, button, who's got

there again after school. The farm children who lived the button?"they played "Mailbox, mailbox, which

on our road (six high school pupils and three in the holds the treat today?"

primary grades) had a long and difficult walk twice We adults agreed that we were amply rewarded a day. Sometimes the road was like glue, sometimes for our efforts by the hearty appreciation shown by

slick as satin ribbon, and always rutted and uneven. the children. "The walk isn't so bad now,"they

On many days I watched the little band of children assured us.

from my dining room window. The postures of their Last fall, because of unusually dry weather, much

bodies and their tedious pace told of physical exertion of the corn dropped off the stalks when the corn and weariness. picker went through, leaving almost a third of the

I thought, "I wish I could ease their burdensome crop unharvested on the ground and in danger of trek, somehow."rotting. This meant the difference, to us, between

Then I thought how hungry children are after meeting our financial obligations and falling dangerschool and how fond they are of snacks. I rememously short.

bered how I had galloped into the house after school, We tried to hire help to come and pick up the corn, intent on eating the first tidbit I could find. That in the way gleaners have always done, but we could

was it! If the children knew there was a snack waitnot afford the wages demanded by labor in our area.

ing midway in their walk, the first part would be made My husband and I started out on the seemingly easier by anticipation, and the last part easier by impossible task of picking up the corn on sixty acres gratification. of ground. We thought that if the weather remained

I began by unearthing an old metal lunchbox in good, if we keep plugging along month after the attic. I painted it an attractive red and wired it month....

to the roadside mailbox. I made a simple sign from Then one Saturday morning nine school children

cardboard and crayons: "School Children—there are came to our kitchen door. Each one of them had a

treats for you in this lunchbox. Please help yourbroad smile on his face and carried a bushel basket in

selves!"his hand. The oldest boy acted as spokesman for the

I varied the contents of the lunchbox so that the little group. He said: "We've come to help you pick

treats were always a surprise. Sometimes I put in up your corn. If you'll put a couple of wagons in

cookies, sometimes candy, or popcorn balls, or apples, the field, we'll dump the corn into them from our or graham cracker and jelly sandwiches. baskets."

The mailbox treats did what I had anticipated they We were so delighted, relieved, and taken aback by would do. I noticed that when the children rounded this offer that neither {Continued on page 779)

OCTOBER 1958 725 Assignment to J30T VIVTST A

by Edward L. Clissold

President, Oahu Stake

Following the April dedication of the New Zealand Zealand. The party then returned to Auckland, and

temple and college and the Tamaki branch chapel in in three days of intense labor set up and organized

Auckland, Elder Marion G. Romney of the Council of a new stake, eight wards, and one branch.

the Twelve, accompanied by Sister Romney, made The people accepted these changes with great re- a highly significant tour of the missions in Polynesia. joicing. It was felt that the Church was at last taking

New Zealand was the first mission to be visited, its rightful place in New Zealand: a temple, a college,

and the tour started on May 2. new chapels in many districts where no construction

Traveling by plane and automobile through the has taken place for over a quarter of a century, and

South Island, Elder Romney's party, which included now the privilege and responsibility of directing

President and Sister Ariel S. Ballif, visited Nelson, largely their own organizations. A quick trip to

Christchurch, and Dunedin, literally at the bottom of Wellington on a matter of business for President the world—then Wellington, Dannevirke, Hawksbay, McKay, a visit to Wanganui, and the work in New

and Nuhaka on the back leg of the journey. Visits Zealand was completed on May 22.

were also made to Rotorua, Whangarei, and Kaikohe, The following day, another long plane ride brought where the Church mill is located which has supplied Brother and Sister Romney back to Nandi, Fiji. The

the lumber for the great building program in New next morning, a flight in a small plane across the is726 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Opposite page:

Elder Marion G. Romney Honolulu S't*,

(right), of the Council of the Twelve, being greeted by a Polynesian. Lafe i

Toilupe ( center ), was $ interpreter for the Romney party during the tour of the islands. Below are

shown scenes of other activities in Polynesia.

tfcP<&*

SAMOA \\

FIJI ISLANDS S"tSfi& v&S> 1.<* Nandi >''Vava'u

J;

i Suva. \/* TTONGA'.TV COOlTlSLANDS

LIAHONA

iinii

ikobeNEW ZEALAND

Gisborne Hastings

Wellington

yChristchurch

"Dunedin

land to Suva and in the afternoon, a meeting was held in the chapel recently dedicated by President McKay.

This chapel stands as a monument to the inspiration of a great latterday prophet. A little over three

years ago, he visited this city to find only twelve members, and a government restriction against the assignment of missionaries to Fiji that had stood solid against a long series of requests and formal applications. Elder Mendenhall was with President McKay

on that occasion, and was instructed to bring in laborers and to construct a chapel. In a little over

two years the building was completed, and membership had increased to 120. The Governor General of

Fiji heard President McKay's dedicatory address and prayer at the chapel on May 3. In the next meeting

of the legislative council, he personally supported a resolution which resulted in the admission of seven missionaries. Vision, faith, and courage had opened

the doors which were believed locked forever.

For the second phase of the projected journey to missions in the South Seas, the Romney party was reinforced to include in addition to Elder

Romney and his wife, (Continued on page 760)

OCTOBER 1958 727 "v i.

CLIFFORD

E. YOUNG Assistant to the Council of the Twelve 18831958

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr., Research Editor

"A man of high character and patriotism..

devoted and self sacrificing for his church"

Elder Clifford Earl Young, Assistant to the Council Salt Lake City, and in the spring of 1911 he became of the Twelve, passed away the night of August 21, at manager of the branch of the company in American 11:20, at the hospital in American Fork, Utah. Fork. This small, thriving city was "home"to him

Although in poor health for some time, Elder Young for the rest of his mortal life.

had remained active in his Church work until the day On June 20, 1911, in the Salt Lake Temple, he before he died. That evening he returned to his home married Edith Grant, a daughter of Elder Heber J.

in American Fork feeling ill. He entered the hospital Grant, then of the Council of the Twelve. President

the next morning. Grant had been one of the mission presidents under

Elder Young was born December 7, 1883, in Salt whom Elder Young had served in Europe.

Lake City, the son of Dr. Seymour B. and Ann ElizaIn the fall of 1913 the People's State Bank of

beth Riter Young. Dr. Young, a practising physician, American Fork was established, and Clifford E.

was a member of the First Council of the Seventy. Young became its cashier. He held many offices

Elder Young grew to manhood in the city, attendin that bank, and for a number of years before his ing the University of Utah before being called, in death, he was its president. Throughout his life1905, to fill a mission to Great Britain. In February, time he was active in civic and Church affairs of

1906, he was transferred to the SwissGerman Mission, his community as well as serving in various business serving in the Stuttgart and Hamburg districts. He capacities.

was released from the mission field in 1908. About 1914 he organized, and was scoutmaster of,

Returning to Utah he obtained employment with the second troop of Boy Scouts in Utah; the first

the Consolidated Wagon and Machine Company in Utah troop south of Salt Lake City.

728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He served in the Utah state senate from 1929 to door was opened, and there stood Elder Young. He

1934, representing Utah County, and as city councillooked in and saw a stake presidency (South Davis man in American Fork for six years. Stake) meeting with Elder John Longden, also an

Working in the cause of the youth of the Church Assistant to the Council of the Twelve. Elder Young

he served as stake superintendent of Sunday Schools, knew that he was in the wrong place and was visibly a member of the YMMIA stake board, stake superembarrassed. Hastily he asked directions, and found

intendent of YMMIA, and was called in June 1928 that the meetings of the Bountiful South Stake, to as president of the Alpine Stake of Zion. Here he which he was assigned, were to be held in another

served until January 1942. This was the span of chapel, about a mile to the north.

time that saw the land producing abundantly, but The door closed and everyone went about the there were people still going without the necessities of business at hand. The matter was soon forgotten by

life. He early showed a great concern for the probeveryone except Elder Young!

lem. When the Church welfare program was anPresident C. Wallace Rollins of South Davis Stake

nounced, he organized it effectively within the Alpine was sitting alone in the stake office early the followStake. For two years prior to the spring of 1941, he ing morning. He looked up to see Elder Young come

was chairman of the Central Utah Region of the in. He had started fifteen minutes earlier that

Church welfare program. morning to give himself time to stop and apoloHe was called (with four others) at the April gize for walking into the wrong meeting. Later in

1941 general conference, to be an Assistant to the the week he stopped by the office of Elder Longden

Council of the Twelve, and was set apart May 21, to apologize to him, also. It was a little thing. It was

1941. Standing at the pulpit in the Salt Lake Taber- a great thing for a man who was then pushing his

nacle, he said: "I appreciate my membership in this body almost beyond the limits of his physical strength.

Church. I am thankful for my parents who implanted But that was the picture of the sweet spirit of Elder

in their children faith and confidence in this great Young—who always saved the second mile to be

work, and I pray humbly that I may not fail in this traveled by himself.

responsibility, that I may be able to measure up to He was honored last year by his neighbors, the peoevery requirement and to every expectation that you ple of American Fork, for his work in bringing the and the brethren who preside have a right to expect."Utah Symphony Orchestra to the community annually

For over seventeen years he carried the great for a youth concert.

responsibilities of this assignment. He toured misSister Young passed away in 1947. Eldpr Young is

sions, held conferences in the stakes, an(J dedicated survived by one son and three daughters, Clifford E.

edifices to the work of the kingdom here upon the Young, Jr., American Fork; Mrs. Boyd (Helen) Page,

earth. But more than that, in his quiet way, he enBryan, Texas; Mrs. Dean (Miriam) Farnsworth,

couraged men and women, boys and girls—the Hunter, Utah; and Mrs. Chauncey (Edith) Harris,

members of the Church—to become the living pillars Chicago; and thirteen grandchildren.

of the Church, as he spoke to them upon gospel subPie is also survived by one brother, President Levi jects and upon subjects that would make them better Edgar Young of the First Council of the Seventy, and in their daily living. by four sisters: Miss Florence Pearl Young, Mrs. Elma

For many years he carried on his work despite great Young Aldous, Mrs. Orson M. (Bernice) Rogers, and

physical discomfort. Still he went on without comMrs. J. T. (Hortense) Hammond, Jr., and by a halfplaining. sister, Nana Garnett, all of Salt Lake City.

Earlier this summer he was assigned to hold the Funeral services were held, August 26, in the Alpine first conference of the Bountiful South Stake, a stake Stake Tabernacle, at American Fork, Utah. Speakers

which had been organized about six weeks. By letter were President David O. McKay, President J. Reuben

he had arranged to meet the stake presidency in a Clark, Jr., Elder Marion G. Romney of the Council of

meeting at five o'clock Saturday evening. the Twelve, and Delbert Chipman, a lifelong friend

At one minute past five a tap came on a door. The and neighbor of Elder Young.

OCTOBER r958 729 Conducted by the Unified Church School System

v4aV\0.t/V A/p* t(k<Cl<M4M.rt/Vh>

"To every thing there is a season, and a time to laugh it away or see the joke in it. Humor not only

every purpose under the heaven:... has its rightful place in the classroom; it also sits

"A time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to enthroned as a must for masterful teaching.

mourn, and a time to dance."( Ecclesiastes 3:1, 4. A classroom is at its worst when it is a stiff and

Italics added.) solemn place, full of pressures and prohibitions, and

There is a time to laugh. lacking in the sunshine of laughter. Elementary

It was an awkward moment. The teacher insisted psychology teaches that we learn most readily in a

on good order in the classroom, and the students pleasant, agreeable atmosphere. A touch of humor

knew it. Order had been violated, the decorum of can often change a seemingly disagreeable task to

the class threatened. The embarrassed young man one of pleasure and purpose. Learning becomes enbegan an apologetic explanation. He hadn't known joyable and hence more accessible.

the ink bottle was not properly capped. He had The provision of humor in the classroom is a pretipped it quite accidentally in his clumsy movement requisite to excellent classroom control. Cheerfulto show the teacher his work. He would be glad to ness and work combine harmoniously, and an occapay the cleaning bill—sional joke can help keep the class in a state of good

The teacher took off his coat carefully so that the humor which leads into effective educational direcsaturated sleeve would drip into the wastebasket. tion. Perhaps the best type of humor is the kind

Then he skilfully put everyone at ease as he placed that rises spontaneously from the situation at hand, a forgiving arm around the boy and said: "I knew you but a good teacher will always have available a colmust be getting tired of my wearing this same old lection of anecdotes or stories which can be the springsifit so often, but I hardly thought you'd go to this board to lesson launching. The old pedagogue whose

length to bring about a change!"The class members desk copy was found with penciled marginal notes

laughed with the boy, and the lesson was resumed. throughout suggesting "Tell joke number "may

"A laugh,"said Charles Lamb, "is worth a hundred not have always produced the desired student response, groans in any market."It is a handicapped teacher but he was making a positive effort. The mere menwho knows not humor. Many a difficult situation tion of the name Will Rogers, Mark Twain, or J.

has been dissolved by the wise teacher who could Golden Kimball, in a class will sometimes have an

730 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

by Kenneth J. Brown

Seminary Principal Sugar City, Idaho

them to raise their standard of humor. To keep on

its proper level, the teacher should pointedly distinguish between genuine and false humor. The pulling of a chair away from someone about to be seated

is not funny and should not be countenanced; nor is

a snowball tossed through an open door just cause for laughter. Unkind sarcasm or embarrassment

which causes misery and discomfort is not humor.

When laughter follows such incidents, the teacher electrifying effect in focusing attention. One successwould do well to discourage it properly. The pupils'

ful teacher keeps a record of humorous classroom hapsense of humor need not be crushed, repressed, or penings which can be passed on with appreciation even discouraged, but it should be channeled into and advantage. its proper place for full development.

The permitting of proper humor to a reasonable Whereas it would be an error not to allow humor degree is an excellence of pupil management. Young in the classroom, it would be equally erroneous to

people, especially, need an outlet of certain energy permit hilarity to become habitual. The Lord has

which an occasional outburst of mirth will satisfy. said, "Therefore, cease from all your light speeches,

Humor should not be resisted, even when the joke from all laughter...."Laughing excessively or failis on the teacher. Rolfe, the great Shakespearean ing to see the serious side of a serious situation can

scholar wrote, "He must be a fool who cannot at be dangerous. The young people today have a real

times play the fool; and he who does not enjoy nonchallenge to avert mental laziness which threatens

sense must be lacking in sense."Teachers should the spectator mind. We are becoming too much a

cultivate a sense of humor and find occasion to express people who want to be entertained instead of edified.

it legitimately. Indeed, a "sense"of humor can be Foolish fun should not be an idol, but students should

as essential as any of the physical senses. be taught that there are many situations in class and

Teachers may render pupils a service by helping in life that are not funny. ( Continued on page 766

OCTOBER 1958 731 Leadership Development

of the spirit."Such a one initiates impulses and

arouses better and stronger desires, appetites, and Stimulants ambitions.

New ideas are not always necessary in this process by Sterling W. Sill of stimulation. Stimulation may merely give old

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve ideas more power and greater activity. Old truths can

be stamped more deeply into the mind so as to be made more impressive and influential. Some ideas

convey information; others give power. The function

of the first is to teach; the function of the second

is to move. The ability of some of our greatest

One of the most uplifting of life's men has been not only to impart truth but also to get action. By asking questions, engaging in

experiences is to be associated ivith discussion, and crossexamination, Socrates was able an "inspiring person,"one who has the to draw ideas from people and lead them to make decisions about things which they may have already poiver to uplift and stimulate us... known but on which no action had been taken.

Socrates was able to take a familiar idea already existing in somebody's mind and help to give the meaning and motivation to become an activity. An

active idea of lesser quality may be of greater value

The highest function of a leader consists not so than a better idea which is only lightly felt in the much in imparting knowledge as in effectively stimumind. Nonworking ideas usually have only a small

lating the mind and feelings. Success itself is not amount of usefulness.

made up by accumulating information like storing up Jesus, of course, was the great master in changing water in a cistern; it more resembles the opening of the lives of people by the use of stimulating ideas.

a spring. Leadership needs to be concerned with the He helped publicans and sinners to rise to the rank

ability to develop and harness initiative and resourcefulness in people. These are the qualities that tend

to overcome basic inertia, that power which holds people bound in inactivity.

One of the first steps toward success is to get movement. Movement can be produced by a process of

stimulation. The ability to stimulate is the secret

weapon of both mental and spiritual progress. Each

one of us has been created in the image of God, and each one of us has been endowed with a set of the attributes of divinity. One of these is the power of stimulation and motivation

... the greatest opportunityinspiration. We talk a great deal about our privilege

to "receive"inspiration from God. We don't understand so well our ability to "give"inspiration. This, of saints and apostles. This field of stimulation and

however, is one of the greatest powers God has ever motivation is probably the greatest opportunity area put in human hands. in the world. It consists in giving active importance

One of the most uplifting of our experiences in life and usefulness to ideas which before were inactive is to be in contact with what we call an "inspiring and powerless. Stimulation applies to giving ideas,

person,"one who has the power to stir up, and lift ideals and ambitions more definite assignments and up, our spirits and incite us to greater achievement. greater responsibility.

An inspiring person is one who can "open the springs Everyone has had the experience of having some

732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA idea lying dormant and inactive in the mind, and overcome the negative influences of timidity or backthen because of some effective stimulation, it has wardness.

come into activity and usefulness with a maturity and Jesus said, "Blessed are they which do hunger and power which its possessor did not previously imagine. thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled."

This experience (Matt. 5:6.) Hunger always seeks to satisfy itself.

can be to us It was the mission of Jesus to increase spiritual hunger like the awakin people. It is our mission to use ideas, example,

ening of some motives, etc., to stimulate accomplishment.

sleeping giant Some of the things that we usually think of as within us. Many stimulants are actually depressants, whereas the dicyears ago I tionary says that to stimulate is—

memorized the To raise objectives fourth section of To increase incentives the Doctrine To invigorate and Covenants. To provoke thought

I thought I unTo incite activity.

derstood it perof a awakening sleeping fectly and was To Raise Objectives giant within us getting all the On the walls of the Library of Congress is written:

good there was in it. Years later I heard a great "Too low he builds who builds beneath the stars."

Church leader talk to a group of young missionaries Most people suffer from unworthy objectives or about this section, and all of a sudden it acquired an objectives that are not pointed high enough. The

importance and influence in my life which it had great objective is in itself a powerful stimulant. A

never had before. Someone has asked, "by what popular national magazine once conducted a survey

strange law of the mind is it that an idea long passed among a large number of people. These people were

by unnoticed or trodden upon as a useless stone, asked what their main objectives in life were. Ninetysuddenly sparkles out in new light like a brilliant five percent did not know, and they therefore lacked

diamond?"the motive power which was available to their lives.

Knowledge by itself may be useless, but power Without a firmly held, challenging objective, success comes when that knowledge is activated, harnessed, becomes far less likely.

and put to work. Ideals and ambitions can be aroused Almost all

and increased in people, just as the physical appetite of life is a can be made stronger. We speak of a part of our matter of

diet as appetizers. Appetizers serve a purpose similar preparation.

to the process of priming the pump. An appetizer is W e prepare

a small portion of tasty food or drink served before a for our life's meal for the purpose of stimulation. Appetite has a work. We

great deal in common with itself, whether it pertains prepare for to knowledge or food or accomplishment. The dicmarriage, for

tionary defines appetite as "the desire for food in old age, etc.

general, or for some specialty in particular."LeaderOur greatest

ship is alsoiargely a matter of appetite. objective

That is also true of accomplishment. A leader is should be to like tacks... we can go no farther

"a stimulating person"who knows how to use appeprepare for than our heads will let us tizing morsels of thoughts and motives to start eternal life.

accomplishment. He is the one. who knows how to But where does the power come from if we have no

intensify desire and whet spiritual appetite. Hunger tightly held objectives and don't know what, if anyproduces a very strong power and can be used to thing we are preparing (Continued on page 753)

OCTOBER 1958 733 I B*Malo knew It was in 1900 around the campfires of the first Morfive months. I'll turn him over to you completely,

mon colony sent by President Lorenzo Snow into the and he's the fastest horse in the settlement."

Big Horn Basin of Wyoming that I heard the first excitApostle Woodruff remarked, "I feel that a good ing tales of Buffalo Bill. The tent and sheepwagon boy is needed with the cattle, and I share your Uncle

settlement nestled amid clumps of cottonwood trees Byron's feelings that you are the man for the job!"

bordering the Shoshone River. As a boy of twelve, Then addressing my father he continued, "James,

I sat wideeyed and listened. The stories were that will you let your son go?"

Buffalo Bill had killed more buffalo than any living I knew right then that I'd be herding cattle very man; that he was a fighter who struck terror to the shortly. Both visitors had said that I was the man

heart of every Indian who breathed his name; that for the job. This pleased me. Several days later

he feared neither man nor the devil; that he was a

man of steel who could shoot two sixguns with deadly accuracy at the same time, and that he could drive a nail with rifle shots. When someone said that he

hung out somewhere in Wyoming, that he had no respect for law nor the dead, that he roamed the great vastnesses in quest of adventure, that Buffalo

Bill shot men and Indians just for pastime, then I knew that my life in Wyoming would be one hideous nightmare in which I would always be trying to stay clear of him, but ever fearful of unexpectedly bumping into him. That night as I went to sleep I was

more fearful of meeting Buffalo Bill than I was of a rattlesnake crawling into my bed, and the territory was alive with them. I was glad I was close to

Father.

The following evening Elder Abraham Woodruff of the Council of the Twelve and my uncle, Byron

Sessions, leaders of the colony, came to our tent.

After the usual greeting my uncle, looking straight into my eyes, addressed me. "Bill,"said he, "the

cattle have arrived. There are nearly one thousand

head. The herd must be trailed west for several miles

where there is ample range and water. Your cousin

Byron has been put in charge, with Dick Asay as assistant, but we need a good boy to help, and we believe that you are the man for the job."

You can be sure that the idea did not appeal to me. I hadn't had a good night's sleep since arriving

in the Big Horn Basin because of the yapping of coyotes and the fear of snakes. Now that my future

was to be menaced by the horrors of possibly being shot in cold blood by the desperado, Buffalo Bill, the thought of being out in those hills with only two companions struck terror to my already quaking soul.

I was scared stiff, but I tried very hard to conceal it.

My uncle was quick to recognize my plight, for he hastened to say, "Now, Bill, you have always admired and wanted to ride my saddle horse, Bud.

I am going to give that horse to you for the next

by Clint Barton

while the cattle grazed over a gutted plateau along Bud snorted and gave a quick lunge that almost the bank of the Stinking River, I was moseying down left me in midair. For a moment I sat petrified! The

a gully when I observed a cloud of dust speeding hair on the scruff of my neck, however, went straight along the floor of a valley, which cropped up a little out while a series of cold chills raced up and down below me. I squinted my eyes and finally could see my spine.

a small herd of antelope bounding gracefully along. Then a loud burst of laughter broke forth! I manJust as I tightened the reins to bring my horse to a aged to force my blanched face to turn slightly and

stop so I could watch the fleet animals for a moment, what I saw brought my hair straight out again and somebody from behind me yelled, "Throw up your a new batch of cold chills raced ruthlessly up and hands!"down my spine. A powerfully built man with his

rifle beaded on me sat astride a shiny black horse. a spell, but they gave us the slip. Maybe you noticed

The gun lowered. Behind him a smaller unshaved the dust the little varments kicked up down there!"

man on a wellfed bay mare sat grinning evilly. The He adjusted his domeshaped felt hat a bit as he

big slightly Romannosed man with mustache and pulled one leg from the stirrup and shifted his body pointed beard roared raucously for a moment as he into a relaxed position.

settled his rifle across his legs just back of the pommel "Yes, I noticed the dust and the antelope. They

of his saddle. The loud outburst ended as suddenly were really making tracks. That's what I was lookas it had begun. Then the stranger nudged his horse ing at when you gave me the scare of my life."

alongside of mine and a leatherbrown hand extended Buffalo Bill chuckled a brief second and then in toward me in welcome. parting said, "I'm sorry, Prairie Kid, for scaring you.

"Don't be afraid, kid, we won't hurt you!"he Just couldn't resist having a little fun. Guess we

apologized smilingly. "I am William Cody, better better get moving. We've got some riding to do beknown as Bill."fore dark."

That announcement sent panic into my quavering The shiny black responded to the touch of heels, heart. "Buffa-lo Bill!"I gulped as his hand clasp and the men rode down the wash ahead of me. Buftightened on mine. falo Bill sat leisurely in the saddle with the one foot

"That's what some people call me,"he grinned, "and still free from the stirrup. His body seemed a part

what is your name?"he inquired. of the motions of his horse. Still inwardly excited

"Bill Sessions!"I stammered as I caught sight of over the incident, I sat on Bud and watched them

his double leather holster. Only one holster held round a sharp curve and disappear into another

a sixgun. gully before I rode out of the wash into the little

"Well, now, we can't have two Bills, can we?"$ valley and headed for camp. I was sure of one thing,

"I guess not!"I was quick to agree. \ Buffalo Bill didn't shoot people just for fun.

"Then let me call you Prairie Kid. That's a good One night during a drenching rainstorm I got lost.

name for a boy who rides that caliber of horse. You What seemed hours later a faint flickering light apknow, son, you're astride one of the finest horses I peared off in the distance. At last I was approaching

ever saw. Where did you get him?"camp. A great relief swept over me. The rain sud-

"He belongs to my Uncle Byron Sessions, but he's denly abated for a moment. Bud headed straight

mine until late September,"I faltered as our eyes met for the light.

headon for the first time. There was something in A moment later my soaked hair stood straight on

his eyes that one who has looked into them will never end! Bud snorted and reared almost unseating me

forget. They were deep, unfathomable eyes. There from the saddle as a pack of savagely barking dogs

was no fear in them, and they expressed dominant surrounded me. Then a door flew open a few yards

courage and an indomitable will. ahead of me, and a man appeared in the doorway.

"So Byron Sessions is your uncle? I met him a day He yelled out something and the dogs'savage conor so ago, and I like him. What's your father's cert ended.

name?""Hello!"I greeted feebly for I do not recall ever

"James,"I answered simply. being so unnerved. "I'm lost! Do you have a shed

"I've heard a lot about that man Woodruff and your around, that I and my horse could stay under till

Uncle Byron. I think you Mormons have a lot of morning?"

spunk to come up into a country as barren as this Then another man came to the doorway. By that

and settle down. That's what this country needs is time Bud had carried me to the door. The second

a few settlers who'll build canals and make towns so man greeted, "Come in! Of course we've got room

womenfolk and kids have their hearts in it. Living for a lost traveler!"

alone is no good. Would you like living alone?"I suddenly felt something like a lump jump into

"I sure wouldn't,"I answered. my throat, for once more I was facing Buffalo Bill.

"Say, Prairie Kid, what in 'samhill'are you doing I was dripping water as I dismounted and as the way out here?"lamplight flooded my face he said, "Well, I'll be

I found myself momentarily admiring the nickledoggoned, if it isn't my Mormon friend. How are

studded chaps with their fringed flaps. I'd never you, Prairie Kid? Come right in; you're just as welseen so many shiny buttons on a pair of chaps. "I'm come as you would be at home. I'll bet you haven't

helping to herd the'cattle belonging to the colony,"had your supper yet?"

I answered. "Nope,"I said with brimming eyes, "but I'm not

"Oh, so that's it."Then changing the subject he very hungry."

continued, "We spooked up some antelope back there Buffalo Bill read me like an open book. He knew I

736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was cold and miserable, and he recognized that I them didn't drive some of your cattle into their corrals was just a scared, lost boy who was trying to act like just to give you a bad time.

a grownup man. He knew that I had never been so "Well, Prairie Kid, the next time you have any

tickled in my life to come out of the stormy night trouble with any of them, you just tell that rancher, and find a welcoming friend. To help me to save whoever he is, that you're going to let your Uncle Bill

face, he said, "Dick, show Prairie Kid where to put his Cody know about this. Just say that to them!"he

horse!"I shall never forget Buffalo Bill for that. blazed.

When we reentered the cabin, Buffalo Bill was He was in dead earnest, and I could see that he sitting on a chair opposite the kitchen table upon was plenty mad. His eyes flashed daggers.

which sputtered a. coaloil lamp. A woman busied While the woman made me a bed on the floor by

herself over the stove. the stove, Buffalo Bill asked several questions about

"Make yourself to home, Prairie Kid,"Buffalo Bill the Mormon people, and he expressed profound rewelcomed, "hang your wet coat and hat behind the spect for Brigham Young. After the bed was made, he

stove. Supper will be ready in a jiffy."said, "Well, son, it's late, and I'll bet you are plenty

By the time I had washed and combed, a plate had tired. Suppose we all hit the hay."

been loaded with steaming corn and crisp bacon. A My wet clothes were soon steaming. After explate of sliced bread sat before me, a pitcher of milk, tinguishing the light I lay for some time in deep mediand a sizable chunk of butter. tation. This man, Buffalo Bill, wasn't the kind of man

"See if you have any trouble climbing on the out- I had heard about. I felt secure in his cabin. My

side of a little food. Sit down right there and pitch fears had turned to confidence and respect and somein,"he invited. thing akin to love. The warmth of the room was

As I obeyed his invitation, I was surprised to see comforting, and finally my tired senses numbed into the streaks of gray hair sprinkled through the brown sleep.

on his pointed beard, mustache, and head. Along After a steaming breakfast the following morning

his temples it was most pronounced. He had a full of hotcakes and jelly and bacon and eggs, Buffalo

head of rather bushy hair. His eyes looked darker in Bill came outside to see me off.

the lamplight than they had appeared in the sun. "Son, if you travel towards that peak,"and he

I glanced up at those eyes several times as I ate pointed a finger, "you'll find your cattle herd and that wellremembered supper. camp."He stood bareheaded in brown shirt and blue

Dick, the rider I had seen before, and the woman Levis.

went into another room where they conversed in low "Thanks for being so nice to me,"I said.

tones. "The lady, is she your wife?"I asked timidly. "I was glad to have you stay with me, son, and I

"No!"Buffalo Bill answered. "She is my hired hope I get to see you again. You're on a great horse,

man's wife. My wife is in Cheyenne."so I won't worry about you. Good luck, Prairie Kid,

At mention of her he gazed off into space and beand don't forget to.tell those ranchers that if they

came lost in thought. His weathered face looked a bit don't treat you right, they'll settle with your Uncle

sad. It was some time before he spoke again. I Bill Cody."

finally finished my supper. "Thanks, Mr. Cody,"was my parting word as I

"Well, I guess I am a poor host,"he smiled. "It's wheeled Bud and rode away.

been some time since we've had a visitor. How are That was the last time I ever saw him. A few days

you getting along with the cattle herd?"later Irode up to Brown's ranch and asked if I could

"I guess pretty well,"I answered. "I do have a get the cattle which were in his corral. Brown

little trouble with some of the ranchers."shouted, "No! I'm warning you Mormons to get out

"What kind of trouble?"he asked. of the country or I'll kill your cattle one by one!"

"Well, some of them don't seem to like us Mor- "Suit yourself,"I said with the first real assurance mons much. They cuss something awful, especially I had ever felt in Brown's presence. "I'll be telling my

one of them. And when he gets some of our cattle Uncle Bill Cody about this. He said he'd settle with

in his corral, he tells me we better get them out of anybody who didn't treat us right!"

this country or we won't have any left to get out. Brown's eyes flashed, then he stalked over to the

Some of the ranchers have even rimrocked some of corral, dropped the bars and drove the cattle out.

the cattle. It's terrible to see eighteen head of cattle "Get out of here,"he blasted.

in a pile at the bottom of a ledge, especially after the I am an old man now, but as I sit in my easy chair, sun and flies have gone to work on them."my thoughts often soar back through the years to the

"The varmints!"he spouted. "They just won't befew hours I spent with a friend indeed, great Buffalo

come civilized. I wouldn't be surprised if some of Bill.

OCTOBER 1958 737 Fourth of the Series—Continued

So That's What Boys Are Made Of

The hot and cold period

by W. Cleon Skousen

Chief of Police, Salt Lake City

(Behavior Patterns and Problems, Ages 7-12) usually discover before long that he gets less expressed appreciation for his dollars than other parMoney Madness ents are getting for pennies and nickels.

It is usually during the "Hot and Cold Period"of a boy's life that his parents finally settle down to some Money and Work kind of financial allowance. With most parents there What is money? Only as Junior identifies money

will have been several spasmodic attempts to do this as representing lumps of somebody's work will he earlier. In fact, they may have received their first truly appreciate it. It is particularly helpful if it

shock treatment on the subject of finances when represents his work. But getting this accomplished

Junior fevered up with money madness at around age is practically a miracle.

three. Naturally at that age he merely had a lust A child between three and seven will seldom do

for new copper pennies, but unless his parents demore than play at work. As soon as the work ceases

liberately kept him on frugal penny rations he probto be play, it is abandoned with gusto and finality.

ably became a nickel, dime, and dollar digger. That is why it is usually helpful to have the boy

Developing money sense in children is a science join Mom or Dad in some kind of work project "just and an art. Usually we thrust money on them in for fun."

quantities which lack intrinsic meaning. Just as we In setting up allowances for children most parents

indulge them in rich foods and spoil the novelty of include certain chores in the list of qualifying requiremany delicate taste pleasures, so also we give them ments. The simple fact that the chores assigned to

money in terms of adult standards rather than child small boys fail to get done is another reason why values. The psychologist tells us to keep allowances most allowances die a-bornin'. This resistance to

and rewards for children strictly in the "small change"work continues for several years. Beginning around

bracket. Pennies should be used exclusively for two eight, however, most boys respond much better to

or three years until the parents are certain that Junior simple duties. Furthermore, this is a good time to

knows he has to do extremely well to get two or start an allowance in earnest because age eight is three of them. By that time he will probably feel another period of money madness. A boy has learned

that a nickel is a whopper of a reward and worthy by this time that cash is king, and not only must parof even greater exertion. Nickel values are usually ents have this precious commodity to get the necessufficient for another year or so. Then dimes and sities of life but also even a boy must have a few hard

quarters begin to mean something and a dollar seems tokens of government specie. How else can he get

like a fortune indeed. that model plane, a Cub Scout flashlight, or get into

By following such a pattern even wealthy parents the kids'matinee? Such questions rumbling around

have succeeded in teaching their children genuine in a boy's brain are a wonderful blessing to parents.

respect for the value of money. In contrast to this, it They are the fastest known cure for work allergy.

is found that any overindulgent parent who dishes Teaching a boy how to work includes refusal to out dollars to demonstrate his love for a child will pay when the work is not done. It also includes

738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.:.:;::;,-::;::::,

them say, "Oh, that's fine. I'll give you the money

some time when I have the right change."

Portrait of a Boy between 10 and 11

It will be recalled that after Junior graduated from his scrambled haremscarum career as a sixyear-old, he began following a much smoother pattern through seven, eight, and nine. The tidal ebb and flow was

evident, but the contrasts were not so extreme. The

period between ten and eleven marks the culmination of these more recent maturity forces and might well be called a boy's golden age. It is his contented hour.

Poise and lack of selfconsciousness are fairly well achieved. Good manners, consideration for others,

getting permission to do things, fitting into adult requirements—all these seem to come quite naturally.

He can take some responsibility, occasionally clean up his own room, get clean in the shower, run errands, and do small odd jobs. He still has trouble with a

brother or sister just younger than he but delights in taking care of the baby or any brothers or sisters up docking part of the pay for a sloppy performance. Of to about age five. He is likely to have a good year

course, parents must evaluate the performance in at school, is less dependent on his teacher, and terms of children, not adults. also tends to be less critical of her provided she is

Should a boy be paid for everything he does? Exfair and makes the work interesting. He likes family

perts say, "Definitely not!"He should learn to do life, is not particularly dogmatic about his opinions,

some things "just for love"or just to surprise his parenjoys family picnics or excursions, and usually feels ents. Youngsters will bargain, however. "Do I get satisfied with casual semicompetitive neighborhood

paid for doing the dishes?"Junior asks. A wise play. He is a great TV fan and reader of comic books.

mother may reply, "No, son. You do the dishes while He finds these highly suggestive and frequently carries

I fix the lunch for the picnic. Let's say that today over a lot of the ideas of loyalty, secret oaths, and

we're both doing it just for love.""assigned projects"into his pal gang. For this reason

When should a boy be paid his allowance? The both his TV shows and reading material need to be

answer is, "Promptly."There is nothing more disselective.

couraging to a youngster than to announce excitedly Whenever he does something outstanding, he likes to his parents that the task is all done and then have recognition but does not (Continued on page 754)

SONNET FOR LITERACY

by Velma Fehling

Child, here is the alphabet, a clue

To calendars of stars whose ordered glow

Taught Ptolemy beside the Nile's last flow,

And lighted every cipher Euclid knew.

It offers romance, and all honor through

The sword of Roland and the lance of Ivanhoe,

The will of Washington, the heart of Lincoln, you grow

In skill as great discoveries accrue.

Child, these symbols are a guarantee to give

You freedom from the bondage that would be

Forged of ignorance—something to afford

You liberty as long as you shall live,

And more than this—a final clarity.

Child, you inherit freedom in a Word.

740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "fy /I

First Row: I. to r., Marvin L. Pugh; James Hodgson; Clarence ton; George I. Cannon, Elvis B. Terry.

F. Robinson; First Assistant Alvin R. Dyer; General SuperinFourth Row: Henry R. Pearson; Richard L. Gunn; Royal L.

tendent Joseph T. Bentley; Second Assistant G. Carlos Smith; Garff; Keith M. Engar; L. Clair Likes, Lester F. Hewlett, Jr.;

Alma H. Pettigrew, General Secretary; Charles E. Mitchener, Roy W. Doxey; Francis L. Urry; Lynn Hales, Wallace F.

Jr., Assistant Secretary; Stewart A. Wright; Alma P. Burton. Toronto; Richard W. Johnson; Paul B. Cragun.

Second Row: William B. Smart; Lael J. Woodbury; Albert

O. Mitchell; Lee Jepperson; Alma Heaton; Wilford Marwedel; NOT PRESENT WHEN PICTURE WAS TAKEN

Harlan W. Clark; Carl D. Hadley; Wendell E. Adams; John B. Harrald S. Alvord, Marvin J. Ashton, E. Allen Bateman,

Matheson, Jr.; Clark P. Russell. Lowell L. Bennion, Harold Glen Clark, Dale R. Curtis, Roy M.

Third Row: Forace Green; Royal B. Stone; D. L. Roberts; Darley, Crawford Gates, Doyle L. Green, George Richard Hill,

George LaMont Richards; B. Keith Puffin; Alma A. Gardiner; III, Rex Edwin Lee, Floyd W. Millet, Rulon B. Stanfield, Clark

Lincoln M. Hanks; Kenneth H. Sheffield; R. Hulbert Kedding- N. Stohl, C. Vern Yates, and Owen S. Rich.

New YMMIA General Board members appointed

The brethren named to the general board of the Dance committee: Chairman, C. Vern Yates, Wilford

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association at the Marwedel, and Harlan W. Clark, Salt Lake City; Alma

conference in June bring with them, individually and Heaton, Provo; Carl D. Hadley, Ogden.

collectively, a lifetime of vigorous Church activity Drama committee: Chairman, Lael J. Woodbury

gained in the wards, stakes, and mission fields. and Albert O. Mitchell, Provo; L. Clair Likes and

Here are their places of residence and their comKeith M. Engar, Salt Lake City.

mittee assignments as announced by the general suMusic committee: Chairman, George I. Cannon,

perintendency of the YMMIA: Roy M. Darley, and R. Hulbert Keddington, Salt Lake

Special Interest committee: Chairman, Alma P. City; Crawford Gates, Provo; Elvis B. Terry, Orem;

Burton, Orem; Roy W. Doxey, Provo; Henry R. PearPaul B. Cragun, Ogden.

son, E. Allen Bateman and Lincoln M. Hanks, Salt Speech committee: Chairman, Doyle L. Green,

Lake City. Murray; Royal L. Garff, Francis L. Urry, Salt Lake

M Men committee: Chairman, Stewart A. Wright, City; Owen S. Rich, Provo.

Marvin J. Ashton, Wendell E. Adams, Lester F. HewAthletics committee: Chairman, Marvin L. Pugh,

lett, Jr., and Lowell L. Bennion, Salt Lake CityHarold Clark N. Stohl, W. Floyd Millet, James Hodgson, Salt

Glen Clark, Provo; Richard W. Johnson, Ogden. Lake City; Rulon B. Stanfield, Ogden; Clarence F.

Jr. M Men committee: Chairman, Alma A. Gardiner, Robison, Provo.

Wallace F. Toronto, Clark P. Russell, John B. MatheMissionary committee: General Superintendent

son, Jr., Salt Lake City; Rex Edwin Lee and Richard Joseph T. Bentley, Provo; First Assistant Alvin R. Dyer,

L. Gunn, Provo; B. Keith Duffin, Orem. Salt Lake City; Rex Edwin Lee, Provo; Richard W.

Explorer committee: Chairman, G. LaMont RichJohnson, Ogden.

ards, D. L. Roberts, Lee Jepperson, William B. Smart, LDS Social Society: Harlan W. Clark, Salt Lake

Lynn Hales, and George R. Hill, III, all of Salt Lake City.

City. Division Supervisor: Harold Glen Clark, Provo.

Scout committee: Chairman, Royal B. Stone, Orem; Member at Large: Harrald S. Alvord, Glendale,

Kenneth H. Sheffield, Kaysville; D. L. Roberts, Forace Calif.

Green, Dale R. Curtis, Salt Lake City.

OCTOBER 1958 741

PART II

IS Wl

Author's Note requires antlike determination to commence settingup exercises or to jog around the block. But those

In the previous issue of this magazine the decline who have pushed themselves over the usual wall of physical fitness in America was discussed along of inertia, find the going's not so tough once mowith some of the contributing factors. Specific needs mentum is started. It is a rare person who will not

for America, and needs for the world in general were emerge from a reasonable exercise session without considered, with emphasis on the relationship of exerfeeling vitalized. Moreover, the sense of having

cise to disease and aging. accomplished something physically can engender a

desire to achieve mentally and spiritually. The

Exercise and Fatigue change may often be superior to a mere rest.

If exercise is so important, why do so few underThe second type of fatigue, permanent, results from take it? As in so many important things, things we a number of reasons: The loss of proper heart funcshould be "up and at,"laziness and procrastination tion because of unelastic blood vessels, changes in

are likely the major deterrents. Ignorance, however, nervous system structure, decline of glandular funcis another factor worth pondering. tion, atrophy through disuse, and a general loss of

Many people fail to exercise, for example, because incentive. 1 While the temporary day's-end fatigue

they don't understand the nature of fatigue. For may be aggravated by this more basic type, it may

matters of clarity, fatigue might be divided into two also lay the foundation for it by establishing congeneral types—temporary and permanent. tributing patterns of inactivity.

There is a distinction between the daily fatigue Until recent years many doctors had an inevitable resulting from a sedentary vocation, and the exhausprescription for this more chronic form of fatigue.

tion resulting from vigorous physical activity. In the Rest was the supposed remedy—regardless of how

first case, the body is mainly cramped, stiff, and slight the activity a patient may have performed, lethargic from inactivity; in the second, the body is whether merely walking several yards daily, climbtired from expending energy. Unfortunately most ing a few stairs, or even rocking in a porch swing.

people fail to make this distinction, and the desk In each case, he was cautioned to do even less.

worker, often in a state of mental and physical stupor Today many doctors have a new outlook. While

at the day's end, feels falsely that exercise would only there are times when complete quiescense is necesintensify his discomfort and weariness. sary, physicians now stress the fact that functioning

Hence, in such a case, surrendering to the couch elements of the body can be maintained only through or easychair each evening is all too natural. The use. For this reason people who have been bedfast

rapid leafing through the funnies, the lolling before for only a few days sometimes can scarcely stand.

TV, and the fitful doze as darkness falls, become the Regardless of the malady that may have incapacigeneral pattern. The evening becomes a period of tated them, disuse itself has probably weakened the

increased listlessness—a shift from the chair to the muscles more than anything else. Thus it is better

bed, and the comatose state, induced through long understood why doctors now have patients leave their months of habit, is almost too oppressive to fight. A beds sooner after operations, have mothers move

kind of sleep comes, and by morning the twentyabout sooner after childbirth.

fourhour cycle of vegetation is complete. Frequently, then, the desk worker whose sole exerWhen one is sodden with this sort of fatigue, it ( See page 779 for references.

742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Gordon T. Allred,

Editorial AssociateWI

cise involves traveling to and from the office is not prevent all of these—exercises which provide muscle

much better off than his bedfast friend. His entire "tone,"a vital elasticity and aliveness. There are

body is so weak and inadequate from disuse he is also exercises for the back muscles, which will preconstantly fatigued. Without exercise he can hope vent or limit backache during pregnancy. Most obfor nothing better. stetricians can suggest programs to meet these needs.

Again we must consider the paradox: Exercise

becomes a problem when not enough of the right kind Exercise and Emotional Outlook is undertaken. Many of the people who wheeze, see It seems obvious that a person will be happier

spots, suffer palpitations on climbing stairs, for when he is physically fit than when he is not. Howinstance, are the very ones who should have been ever, it should be stressed that a positive emotional

climbing stairs more all their lives. At least, they outlook is probably the greatest and most immediate

should have undertaken regular exercise of an benefit to be reaped from a physical fitness program.

equivalent nature—enough to maintain good wind and It is a composite of all the previous listed benefits

muscle tone. and many more.

The housewife, for example, who becomes steeped While there is no machine for tabulating emotional in weariness at the day's end needn't become inert. stability and peace of mind in relation to exercise,

Despite the drudgery of the day, she, too, can find there does seem to be a positive connection. Aside

relaxation through the proper exercises. Undoubtedfrom helping to banish fatigue, exercise can furnish

ly there are times when she should lie down for a a natural, healthy release for frustrations which rest or nap, but she should bear in mind that a regular otherwise might explode at the wrong time and place.

exercise routine can strengthen her muscles, so that Frequently when one is undergoing anxiety, beset they won't grow tired, even on weekly cleanup day. by mental problems from which there seems no release, a brisk physical workout can do wonders. The

Exercise and Pregnancy proof is not in the telling, but in the doing. ExperiOne notion, which should be buried in the gravement. When long hours of mental effort or anxiety

yard of old wives'tales, is the belief that a woman grow temporary moss on the brain, exercise, breathe must lose her girlish figure after childbearing. The the fresh air, shower, relax a bit. Problems will often

fact that many do is no indication that they need to. fall into clearer perspective; solutions will become

Today, more than ever, models and movie stars, whose more apparent.

very careers depend on their ability to remain shapely, In connection with this emotional aspect of exerare advocating exercise, before and after pregnancy—cise, research conducted in recent years at West

before, to facilitate successful delivery—after, to Point is significant. It revealed that fifty percent of

restore the body to its proper form. all cadet "crackups"and "bustouts"occurred among

Surprisingly enough, some women even work out the fourteen percent with the poorest physical fitness with light barbells. 2 records.

A few additional difficulties associated with pregThese failures may have resulted for a number nancy include: varicose veins, abdominal stretching of reasons, but their relation to physical fitness is

and flabbiness, which may permit visceral sag (the evident. Interestingly enough, at the same school,

dropping or dislocation of inner organs) and possible 34.5 percent of those with the highest physical fitness

kidney trouble. There are specific exercises to help scores also received the (Continued on page 750)

OCTOBER 1958 743 Melchizedek Priesthood

Teaching our Father's other children

At a Solemn Assembly held in Kirtland Temple, would help the Saints keep the covenant they make

April 6, 1837, die Prophet Joseph Smith issued this in the waters of baptism.

sweeping declaration: "After all that has been said, As Alma expressed it at the waters of Mormon,

the greatest and most important duty is to preach baptized members of the Church are under solemn the Gospel."obligation "... to stand as witnesses of God at all

In his discourse the Prophet spoke particularly of times and in all things, and in all places that ye may the missions and ministries of those ordained as elders, be in, even until death."(Mosiah 18:9.) To the

seventies, and high priests. Of these Melchizedek Latterday Saints the Lord commanded: "Behold, I

Priesthood bearers he said: "All are to preach the sent you out to testify and warn the people, and it

Gospel, by the power and influence of the Holy Ghost; becometh every man who hath been warned to warn

and no man can preach the Gospel without the Holy his neighbor."(D & C 88:81; italics added.)

Ghost."It does not take any special call or setting apart to

As he taught the Saints their obligation to carry do missionary work in this sense. Rather the obligathe message of the restoration to the world, he also tion to proclaim the message of the restoration is

called upon the holders of the Aaronic Priesthood to automatically imposed upon all members of the assist. "From a retrospect of the requirements of the Church.

servants of God to preach the Gospel,"he said, "we Obviously the Saints cannot be effective in this find few qualified even to be Priests; and if a Priest work unless they are living in harmony with the

understands his duty, his calling, and ministry, and standards of the gospel. It cannot be stressed with

preaches by the Holy Ghost, his enjoyment is as great too much emphasis that those who teach the gospel as if he were one of the Presidency; and his services must live its truths. Otherwise, little heed will be

are necessary in the body, as are also those of given to their testimonies.

Teachers and Deacons...."(Joseph Fielding Smith, But what must not be overlooked is that the gospel

Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, pp. 112113.) message must be taken to the world by precept as

Now, how faithfully and effectively do the Saints—well as example. Our Father's other children will

especially those called to hold the priesthood—disnever be converted simply by watching a good examcharge this responsibility? Are we taking full ple. In addition they must learn the truths of salvaadvantage of doing missionary work that is offered tion as such have been revealed through Joseph Smith.

to us? Unless we practise what we preach, our preaching

will do little to spread the kingdom abroad. But

Every Member a Missionary having first so lived that credence will be given to

Every member of the Church should try to convert the witness we bear, we must then bear that witness.

another person to the restored gospel. Such a course We must teach the principles of the gospel, on every

744 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA honorable and proper occasion, to all who have not formal missionary work in the stakes was done by received them. Example must be accompanied by persons called and set apart as stake missionaries.

precept. That day, it is devoutly to be hoped, however, is long

since past. Now it is the intent of the Brethren and

Stake Missions as Proselyting Agencies the program of the Church to use all of the organizations of the Church for their proselyting value. The

In addition to the general call to do missionary work Sunday School, Relief Society, Primary, and Mutual which all members of the Church have, many are Improvement Associations in each ward are powerful privileged to serve as stake missionaries and to parconverting organizations.

ticipate formally and officially in organized proselytProspective members of the Church should be ening. Before members of the kingdom can go out and couraged to attend Sacrament meetings, general sesdo formal missionary work, before they go tracting, sions of stake conferences, and the various auxiliary

arrange meetings, perform baptisms, and the like, organizations. At the same time that investigators

they must be formally called. The Lord's house is a are being taught the gospel by the missionaries, they

house of order. should also be participating in those Church organHowever, it is perfectly proper for Church memizations to which they will belong in the event they

bers who would like to serve as missionaries, in either join the Church.

the stake or foreign missions, to volunteer their servObviously it would be a marvelous thing if the ices to their bishops or branch presidents. The priviRelief Society sisters encouraged nonmember women

lege of doing formal missionary work in the regular to go to Relief Society with them. Children of inmissions of the Church will be given only to those vestigators should be enrolled in Primary. All nonwho are properly called to labor, and the appointed members are welcome at Sunday School. A special

Church officers must determine what should be done class for investigators and recently baptized conin each case. Calls will be issued only to those who verts should be held in every ward where the numare qualified and worthy and whose services are ber of students warrant it. The younger age groups

needed. But all who have inclinations toward doing in the MIA should make those who do not belong to

this work are wholly within the bounds of propriety the Church welcome. The same is true of the Spein offering their services in anticipation of the possible cial Interest classes of the MIA.

receipt of a formal missionary call. Great care must be taken, however, in inviting

nonmembers of the courting age to participate in our

Auxiliary Organizations as Proselyting Agencies Mutuals. Under no circumstances should a situation

be permitted to arise which might result in some of

Time was when almost all of the concerted and our own young people (Continued on page 778)

OCTOBER 1958 745 "Oh, God, keep our hearts thankful—never let us

forget the source of all our blessings nor our privilege to share them with others. Amen."This prayer is

most appropriate for Thanksgiving.

"The thankfulness that counts is thankfulness that can be shared."Here we have two great virtuesshowing thankfulness and sharing with others. What

have we to be thankful for? What would we share

with others?

As Thanksgiving Day 1958 approaches, we could be most thankful that many members of the Church and also many other good folk throughout the world have come to know and realize that material possessions alone do not bring happiness. There seems

to be a feeling, worldwide, that spiritual possessions are the possessions to be sought after, for these are the possessions which will bring true happiness and the peace that passeth understanding. For all spiritual blessings we give thanks.

If we were to list a few important blessings, we Thanks might include, among other things, a noble parentage and a worthy name. We would list and be thankful

for an abiding faith in a Supreme Being and in the divinity of the gospel of Jesus Christ; for the ability giving to enjoy gifts of God as manifest in nature—the sunrise, good, warm Mother Earth, trees, fountains of

water, blue skies (sometimes even gray skies), snow, rain, flaming sunset—all the beautiful things of creaby John Longden tion, ours to enjoy and share merely for the seeing

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve and the seeking; for affectionate family relationships;

for loved and loyal friends. He who has even one

friend is rich and to have many who have proved themselves true and loyal is humbling. God bless

loyal friends!

How does one list the things for which he is thankful—for opportunities to render helpful service in the

Church of Jesus Christ; for a burning testimony of

the restored gospel, that spiritual light can again

In preparation for the next visit of banish the darkness of Satan because the kingdom of has the been reestablished upon earth and God now the ward teachers, it is hoped that life to all the eternal pertaining ordinances and each family will read, as a part of exaltation have been restored. Yes, thankful are we

their family hour, this stirring artifor the priesthood of God, the true authority to act in the name of Jesus Christ, legitimately; thankful

cle. It is one of a series in which for the opportunity to take part and be active in the

General Authorities, in cooperation kingdom in influencing the lives of others for good—

to assist youth in understanding the gospel: where

with the Presiding Bishopric, discuss we came from, why we are here and where we are the monthly ward teaching topics. going after this mortal existence.

Family Hour Discussion Topic

It is noteworthy that each of these items for which "Others, Lord, yes, others, we are so thankful may be generously shared with Let this my motto be;

others, and being shared with others will multiply Help me to live for Others in our own lives. Who has not felt a surge of happiThat I may live for Thee"

ness and deep satisfaction that comes from rendering Harper"From Masterpieces& Brothers. Byof Religiouspermission."Verse,

service to his fellow men or from sharing blessings with others and promoting the true spirit of brotherThanksgiving should give us a greater desire to hood among men? worship our Father in Heaven and to serve him and

A story is told of a young couple who were conour fellow men. The Savior said, "If ye continue

verts to the Church. They visited Temple Square on in my word then are ye my disciples indeed;

two different occasions a year apart. They were "And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall

much impressed by the spirit of the guides. Each make you free."(John 8:3132.)

time a different young man explained the principles The truth does make us free. Thankful are we for

of the gospel to them. They went home and studied freedom. One of God's richest gifts is free agency.

the principles of the gospel and became converted.

They were so thankful that they knew they must "For this eternal truth is given, share their blessings with others, so on their own That God will force no man to he'ven."

they spent each Saturday afternoon in the vicinity Knott)WilliamThis,C. ThatGregg.Every Soul Is Free,

of their home explaining gospel truths to tourists—

the precious "others"who crossed their path. We may worship God according to the dictates

Former General Booth of the Salvation Army wished of our own conscience. Free agency of man is a

to send a Christmas and New Year's message to every basic principle of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

Salvation Army post in the entire world. He realized We are here on the earth the masters of our own

that in the interest of economy he must send a short souls. We are the ones who decide what our future

message. He must be explicit. This great man chose will be. Latterday Saints have the truth in its

one of the biggest most encircling words in the dicfulness. This truth will keep us free from the sins

tionary: "Others."This was his message: "Others."of the world, from the buffetings of Satan, free from

Upon learning of this experience, a Mr. Charles D. unclean habits and actions, free to inherit peace and

Meigs was inspired to write the following lines: happiness through exaltation in the kingdom of God.

Freedom is a lingering hope of oppressed peoples "Lord help me live from day to day in many lands. May we then appreciate this priviIn such a selfforgetful way lege of religious freedom. May we always have

That even when I kneel to pray courage to defend the cause of freedom "with our

My prayers will be of Others. lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor."Thus we

will show our thankfulness and at the same time "Help me in all the work I do help others to share the blessings of freedom.

To ever be sincere and true We are thankful for (Continued on page 768)

And know that all I do for You

Must needs be done for Others.

Elder John Longden, "Let Self be crucified and slain a native of England, grew to

And buried deep, and all in vain, manhood in Salt Lake City,

My efforts be to raise again tralfilledStates,a missionservedto asthebishopCenUnless to live for Others. of the Nineteenth Ward in Salt

Lake City. During World

War II he was an assistant "And when my work on earth is done servicemen's coordinator. A

And my new work in heaven begun membercommittee,of the Churchhe has welfareserved

May I forget the crown I've won as Assistant to the Council

While thinking still of Others. of the OctoberTwelve 1951.since

OCTOBER 1958 747 The Presiding

Bishopric s

z&iX&HW&vxzivxMxzmzxz, I!:::.:;;;:;;;;;.-;;:'::--.:.-.:--.:;.':.:-.--;;:--.

Page

"... the thing which will be of most worth untoWHITE SHIRTS RECOMMENDED

IN ADMINISTRATION AND you will be to declare repentance unto this people,

PASSING OF THE SACRAMENT that you may bring souls unto me...."(Ibid., 15:6.)

This message parallels the words of the Lord to

The First Presidency has recommended the use of Moses wherein he said, white shirts and appropriate neckties by all those who "For behold, this is my work and my glory—to bring

administer or pass the Sacrament. The Presiding to pass the immortality and eternal life of man."

Bishopric has suggested for many months that bishops (Moses 1:39.)

follow this recommendation. The Lord made clear that only those who obey the

Much improvement has been noted, but there are fulness of the gospel law will inherit eternal life.

areas where more attention could and should be given This being the case, some are going to fall short of a this matter. place in the celestial kingdom unless they are taught

In this recommendation, there is no attempt at to live and to obev God's laws. This is the basic reformality. However, the wearing of white shirts and sponsibility of ward teachers. Through conscientious

appropriate neckties does present a pleasing contrast effort, they become partners of the Lord in the projto the inappropriate dress too often in evidence when ect of saving souls. With this view of ward teaching,

no attention is given to dress while officiating in the no worthy member of the priesthood could think of

Sacrament service. it as a commonplace appointment. Each ward teacher should fully realize the high privilege that is his

WARD TEACHING PROGRAM and magnify his calling accordingly. Ward teaching

IS FROM THE LORD is a responsibility to be desired, and not one to be avoided.

The office of ward teacher in this Church is not limited to a few. Because the opportunity to serve

in this capacity is open to so many, the dignity and Senior Members importance of the ward teacher is sometimes overlooked. Even some ward teachers look upon the HOW TO TEACH THE SELFSATISFIED

assignment as being commonplace. Ward teaching

is not a manmade program. It is of divine origin, Working with senior members of the Aaronic

having had its beginning in a revelation from the Priesthood who have the feeling of selfsufficiency is

Lord. (D & C 20:5355.) The specific instruction one of the great challenges of group advisers. The

which the revelation contains is virtually an outline selfsatisfied individual is as difficult to deal with as of each ward teacher's duty. Who, then, would the indifferent, the uninformed, or even the antagominimize the importance of the responsibility it nistic. Though his needs are numerous, he is oblivious

imposes? to them. He is blinded by his baseless feeling of

The purpose of ward teaching is to save souls. adequacy.

When John Whitmer desired to know what service Though such a shell is hard to penetrate, it can be was most worth while in the kingdom of God, he done. By the use of a few tried and proven techurged the Prophet Joseph Smith to inquire of the niques, you will find the door can be opened without

Lord regarding the matter. The Lord replied, too much difficulty.

748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The first step, of course, is to disturb him—make STUDY GUIDE FOR WARD TEACHERS

him dissatisfied. The task is to deprive him tactfully NOVEMBER 1958

of his composure. This should not be done by telling

him he is wrong or that his feeling of satisfaction Thanksgiving rests upon a faulty foundation and will come to an end. Start by building his ego. Congratulate him In commemoration of our Pilgrim fathers and their

on his composure and satisfaction. Thus disarmed, having set aside a day of giving thanks, America will

he will be more susceptible to suggestions. Tell him observe Thanksgiving. The day if celebrated in keepwhat others have done and found useful. In this ing with true American tradition will include grateful

approach, you will do with suggestion what cannot acknowledgment for blessings of the harvest and be done with argument. When he gets a feeling of recognition of the hand of Providence. Many will

inadequacy, and realizes his needs, the battle is half ignore the spiritual phase of this day, accepting it as won. The feeling of need is the foundation for another opportunity for recreation, with no thought

humility and teachableness. of expressing devotion and thanks to the Lord. In the

When this goal has been reached, the next step is minority perhaps will be the few who will dedicate to show how his needs can be satisfied in the gospel themselves to carrying out the intent of the Pilgrims.

plan, how his new desires can find expression in America was not the first nation to proclaim such a

Church activity. day. The "Feast of Tabernacles"as observed by ancient Israel is one of the oldest days of thanksgiving.

What a colorful event it must have been when IsraelFAMILY RECORDS assembled her families in openair booths constructedIN AARONIC PRIESTHOOD of palms and willows, to give thanks in song, prayer, and feasting. No one partook of the feast until sheaves

of barley and wheat had been waved before the Lord in recognition of a bounteous harvest.

How can we of modern Israel be worthy of our blessings without showing gratitude? It is essential

that we know not only how to give but also how to receive. The stingy receiver is loathed not only by

men but by the Lord.

"... For with the same measure that ye mete withal

it shall be measured to you again."(Luke 6:38.)

There is an old proverb that says, "Gratitude is the Orchard Ward, South Davis (Utah) Stake, is proud of at least one record in Aaronic Priesthood work. The least of virtues but ingratitude is the worst of vices!'

The truly sincere never approach the Lord asking forabove photo shows four sets of fathers and mothers each with three sons earning the individual Aaronic divine mercy, without thanking him for blessings alPriesthood award for 1957 with attendance records ready received.

"Thou shalt thank the Lord thy God in all things."of 95 percent or better.

(D & C 59:7.)

This practice should follow in adversity as well as

CHALLENGING RECORD in prosperity; in sorrow as well as in joy; in death as

well as life.

Bruce has achieved the unusual record of 100 per- "And he who receiveth all things with thankfulness cent attendance at priesthood and Sacrament meetings shall be made glorious; and the things of this earth

for the seven years he served in the Aaronic Priestshall be added unto him, even an hundred fold, yea, hood; earned seven individual Aaronic Priesthood more."{Ibid., 78:19.)

awards; earned a Duty to Though this day will not be observed in the manner

God Award; was president typical of the first thanksgiving, Latterday Saints

and secretary of deacons'and shoidd be the first to pause in humble devotion to the teachers'quorums; secretary Lord. The truly thankful not only express thanks on

of priests'quorum; priesthood specially appointed occasions, but are also conscious

chorister; priesthood organist. of such an obligation to be returned daily. Failure to

Congratulations to Bruce as express appreciation for daily and seasonal blessings he enters the Melchizedek is a common fault. Let us not be among those who

Priesthood. are so negligent.

Bruce G. Terry

OCTOBER 1958 749 The Man Who Is Wise Will Exercise through exercise can provide a new approach to life itself. (Continued) top leadership ratings. This would

substantiate the belief that the "bustouts"and What Exercises Are Best?

"crackups"resulted from a general lack of confiIn contemplating our physical fitness needs, we dence relating to physical inadequacy. must inevitably ask the question: "What exercises

Many of us have chuckled at the "bully on the are best?"The answer to this may be somewhat like

beach"type of advertisement. The poor emaciated Lincoln's answer to the query: "How long should a

soul has just been humiliated and cowed before his man's legs be? Said Abe, "Long enough to reach

girl by some bemuscled bully. Upon returning home the ground."

he concludes it is high time to "wise up."He enlists in This is not to imply that exercise should be so vio-

a strongman course, and in a very few days returns lent or prolonged as to render one prostrate. Rather,

to the beach and vindicates himself, generally before it may be said that exercise should be sufficient to an ecstatic feminine throng. keep one in good condition with firm limbs, trim

Laughable, yes, because it doesn't happen that waist, and sound lungs.

easily in real life. But, frequently the loudest gafPresident Eisenhower's heart specialist, Dr. Paul

faws come from the whistlers in the dark. After all, Dudley White, who in his seventies still exercises

is there a man, large or small, brawny or brittle, who daily, maintains that first of all the exercise should does not possess at least a feeble spark of longingbe the kind one enjoys doing most, whether it be longing for the satisfaction and selfrespect that rewalking, hiking, swimming, golfing, or shoveling dounds to physical vigor and confidence? snow. This is sound advice, since anyone will do

Very few of us will ever press the pounds champion more readily the things he enjoys. However, it must

weight lifters like Paul Anderson or Doug Hepburn be remembered that many forms of recreational acdo. Few of us will ever want to. Few will desire tivity only emphasize certain muscles, that some stress

to become professional wrestlers, prize fighters, maravigorous circulation and breathing, that others can thon runners, or channel swimmers. Each man may only be performed under special conditions, or at

hear a different "drumbeat."Even so, every human certain times of the year.

should know the inner warmth that comes from being Most people don't have access to tennis courts, able to march his best, to his own drumbeat, the swimming pools, or golf courses the year around.

sense of security from realizing that he can give the While seasonal sports like basketball, football, basebest account of himself possible when the chips are ball, track, skiing, etc., are good, unless one is an

down—regardless of the situation. allaround athlete, he is limited to semiyearly activity.

It is not unreasonable to suppose that people purMoreover, unless one is good enough to belong to poseful enough to keep physically fit will improve in a team, he must forego some of these sports anyway.

other ways. In the main, one who exercises consistentFinally, it should be recognized that there are periods

ly has longrange vision. He is usually progressive, when most people are too rushed or harried to spend

confident, and enthusiastic in other spheres. He has time traveling to and from desired recreational areas.

learned something valuable about establishing goals This is not meant to minimize the importance of and abiding by personal resolutions. these great athletic pastimes, for they are vital and

In short, the increased vigor and freshness attained without them we'd have slipped into the mire of

FOR THE SOUL

by Grace Barker Wilson

He never understood why she must make

Gay curtains for the windows and a band

Of color for her hair. He could not take

The time from work, he said, to lend a hand

At flower gardening. But she found time

Enough amid her work to dig the holes,

And plant the seeds, and watch the flowers climb

In color perfume, food for both their souls.

750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WORLD'S FIRST SUPER LUBRICANT OIL PRICEATA MOTOR

ALL \ CONOCO f seSson SufDer Newest achievement ofConoco?. Y allConoco Research—New motor oil i season Super brings the you

safety of an extra margin of protection.

New Miracle of Petroleum Chemistry

Q. When does a motor oil become Q. What else? TESTS PROVE THE ASTONISHING SUPERIORITY

a Super Lubricant? A. It will increase usable horsepower, OF NEW CONOCO allseason Super MOTOR OIL!

A. When it extends its protection far improve gas mileage, extend engine

beyond the standards of convenand battery life, free you from maktional oils. New Conoco allseason ing seasonal oil changes.

Super does just that! Q. Does it come in a new can?

Q. Are there other Super Lubricants? A. The brightest, bestlooking can in Corrosion! Equivalent of Wear! Analytical balance,

test, against 40,000mile piston road checking ring weight they've though to now, been the upA. Yes, business—gold with a black oils, miles, finest competitive proves motor so costly, bull's-eye. only limited use could be allsea- proves Conoco allseason New lossNewafterConoco40,000

made of them. New Conoco all- Q. What am I waiting for... my next son Super offers superior proSuper twice as good at wear

tection against corrosion. protection as next best preseason Super is (he first to achieve oil change?

mium oil tested. standards Lubricant Super The best answer to that is, why wait at a A.

oil price! motor—get New Conoco allseason Super V\ it stillQ. Does offer motorists Conoco's today!

exclusive OilPlating protection? Q. Does Conoco guarantee it? CONOCO

It drain even won't down,A. Yes. Certainly. Continental Oil Company over- A. OIL OTHER starts, faster auto-.. assures night allsea- both guarantees New Conoco Cleanliness! Examination of

less wear. matic.warmup, up to 80% slots after ring Oil piston Super 384 son Motor Conoco Super and

Q. What will this Super Lubricant to be the finest premium oils you con hours of sludgeforming cyclic lowduty operations for refill do regularly me? drain use. Simply and rings using shows New

guaranteed assurance that Give oils you fine either of theseA. with motor allseason Super Conoco

your engine is protected under all according to the recommendations set clean. Rings using other prestill

conditions. by your car's manufacturer. mium oils were clogged!

It's New!

Hottest Brand Going i It's News from 1958, Continental Oil Company 1 CONOCO

OCTOBER 1958 751 physical stagnation long ago. The limitations include what is commonessential whether one exercises or

Church, for example, through its ly called "muscle tension."The not. If you have a physical defect

MIA has done a splendid job in underlying principle here is muscle or disease, a reliable doctor can fostering athletics on a broad scale expansion and contraction wherein prescribe what exercises to underand developing sportsmanship. one muscle strains and pulls against take, and what to avoid.

But to what conclusion does all the other. Experiment by merely 2. Avoid strain during illness and

this bring us? Simply this: Everyflexing the biceps muscle. Allow immediate recovery period.

one needs a program of exercises the arm to relax, then flex once more. 3. Don't burn up excess energy

which may be performed in his own This is a very simple form of muscle without sufficient food or sleep.

home or back yard at any time of expansion and contraction, the main 4. Don't eat a full meal for sevthe day—brief sessions, if necessary, muscles in the upper arm working eral minutes after exercising.

which may yield observable results against those in the forearm. By 5. Allow food to digest before exin a short time. Even more imrepeating the process several times ercising.

portant, everyone needs a program in succession it becomes evident 6. While some people can exercise

that will carry over into later life. that a good deal of energy is being without ill effect before retiring,

This suggests, first of all, the time expended. Effort is required, just others will be troubled by sleeplesstested settingup exercises, or calisas if one were pulling a weight toness.

thenics, the type employed by many ward himself on a pulley. Now... 7. Avoid sudden, violent exerphysical education instructors, the perform the same operation but tion. Warm up gradually whether

kind used for conditioning basic place the palm of the opposite hand you are a pro or a beginner.

trainees. Calisthenics have been deagainst the palm of the arm being 8. March to your own drumbeat.

vised to exercise every muscle of the flexed. Drop the elbow of the flexYou're competing with yourself, not

body. For example: Pushups for ing arm near the side. Next apply with others.

the arms and shoulders; situps for pressure with the opposite arm, so 9. Don't be erratic. Stick to a

the waist, hips, and back; squatthat the flex is more difficult. With regular schedule.

jumps or deepknee bends for the one arm, thus restraining the other, legs. These three exercises alone one has in effect increased the Living the Gospelstimulate the main muscle groups weight on the pulley, and may place Strengthening the Nation

and if performed only ten minutes any stress on the biceps desired. Perhaps no other organization in

daily can go a long way toward keepBy employing this basic tension the world emphasizes the "whole ing anyone from eight to eighty in principle it is possible to develop man"any more than the LDS good condition. Ideally, these should every muscle in the body. SurprisChurch, with its concern for inbe supplemented with wind buildingly enough many such exercises tellectual and spiritual things, its

ing exercise, viz., brisk walking, could be done in a phone boothemphasis on the right foods, abstihiking, running, swimming, bicysome of them sitting in a chair, or nance from smoke and drink. But

cling, etc. even lying prone. They are exceleven staunch Church members often

Unless one dwells in a sputnik or lent for the student or missionary, fail to realize that good eating hab- a coffin, lack of room is a poor exwho may not have time to change its alone will not make one physicalcuse for not exercising. Most calisclothes, who doesn't want to do ly fit. Without proper circulation

thenics can be performed in a very anything violent enough to get dirty some parts of the body get too much small area. Calisthenics require no or start perspiring. Ideally, they food, other parts not nearly enough.

travel time, and no equipment. can be performed for fifteen or Good food alone won't provide musLack of time is usually no extwenty minutes each morning becle tone. How illogical and inconcuse, since anyone can set aside a fore a brisk shower, while waiting sistent it seems, then, to permit

few minutes daily—minutes which for the cereal to cook. ourselves to grow weak, soft, and

would often be wasted otherwise. Few exercises, if any, provide lethargic for want of exercise! Our

Further, the person who plans an more rapid muscle development grandparents were not confronted exercise program may find he has than barbell and dumbbell routines with this problem. Their very lives

more time than ever before, because—various forms of weight lifting. demanded physical fitness; their

he becomes timeconscious in reNot enough cities have gymnasiums survival frequently depended upon gard to other activities, wasting with barbell equipment. Even so, it.

fewer hours and minutes on trivia. prospects are brighter. Health As a house is no stronger than

He learns to budget time for the centers are increasing throughout the materials that make it, a nation important undertakings. the United States—places with a is no stronger than the individuals

Even ignorance is no excuse. Most wide assortment of weights, bars, that comprise it. Yes, America may

people are familiar with the basic mats, reducing equipment, etc., have some great individual athletes,

exercises just mentioned. Regardwhere training can be given by spebut now is the time for an awakenless, such exercises can be learned cialists. ing to a general need—a need other

in a short time. Libraries and schools nations have been working on for

usually have instruction booklets Some Cautions a long time.

with pictures and diagrams, and People who exercise should obIt is heartening to know that more there are usually friends willing to serve the following precautions: and more doctors are advocating exgive a few simple instructions. 1. Have a physical checkup if ercise, and that the President's counOther types of exercise which there is any question about your cil on fitness has made some headway

adapt to time, space, and equipment health. Periodic examinations are toward improving the nation's stand752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Continue Your Education ards in this regard. Still, however,

there are too many people, influential people, unaware of the great need. Without widespread, zealous

effort, the nation's fledgling enthusiasm for physical fitness may have a quick demise.

While physically fit people and nations are not automatically moral, spiritual, or cultured, it is reasonable to assume that these vital qualities will decline when a society grows too lazy to climb from the folds of its own fat. The time is drawing

nigh when even our "selfwinding"wristwatches may stop—for want of

momentum.

Now more than ever, a certain statement rings urgent and true—the

simple declaration found in the entrance of a high school gymnasium. It may be one of the most

of ourvital aphorisms day: "The ENROLL NOW exercise."will is wise,man who

(The End) Your Church University Will

Teach You at Home...

Stimulants You can take college work in your own home.

(Continued) for? A capable leader

can help people to identify and beBrigham Young University's Home Study departcome enthusiastic over worthwhile objectives, pointing finally to the ment offers 300 courses by mail, from Accounting celestial kingdom.

to Zoology, including LDS religion courses.

To Increase Incentive

to work incentive is something An in our Make your spare time profitable and gain college credit to holdfor. It is a picture

minds. It is something to "spark"while you study at home

our ambition. What are the incentives of the gospel, and how can they

be used in the best interests of peois not the highple? "Bread alone"University life. Brigham Youngest incentive to a worthwhile

incentive always increased meansAn good Extension Division -Home Study accomplishment.increased A

stronger establish helpleader can feelProvo, Utah favorableincentives more and ings toward the highest objectives.

"Gold"or "golf"as incentives to effort are inferior to "God,""glory,"CUP THIS COUPON AND MAIL TO and "goodness"held up before our minds by the gospel. One way to

increase our incentives is to change BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY ourselves from mere "needers"of Extension Division—Home Study

religion to "wanters"of religion. If Provo, Utah

our appetite is sufficiently aroused, ii we soon become "possessors"of reName ligion. For when we love and desoon sire enough, make we a thing

attain; it to desire is ours. To

indito IiI Street - is achieve. to aspire David

cated an incentive when he said, City & State -----

Please send without cost, Brigham Young University's HOME STUDY catalog.

ii

OCTOBER 1958 753 "As the hart panteth after the water stagnant pool?"An inactive man methods, each of which ends with

brooks, so panteth my soul after sometimes suffers a kind of spiritual arms."

thee, O God."(Psalm 42:1.) death on the instalment plan. ImWars are not won with tanks or

portant mental and spiritual activity guns or airplanes or oil but with that

To Invigorate leading to more worthwhile acspirit of determination inside of peoWhat a great ability it is to be complishment can be increased in ple. And that's how souls are saved,

able to inspire and strengthen "purpeople. and that is how we do every other

pose,"to fill minds with energy, to Think of some examples of stimuworth-while thing in the world.

arouse vigor and enthusiasm in lants. William James said, "Whenever life

people. One of the most bitter deDuring the Civil War, Julia Ward communicates an eagerness to him

nunciations ever heaped upon him Howe wrote "The Battle Hymn of who lives it, his life becomes genuwho buried his talents in the ground the Republic."It was said that the inely significant."

was that Jesus called him "slotheffect produced upon the northern Think of the following idea and ful."That means the opposite of soldiers was the equivalent of a rehow it should stimulate us: "And

vigor. It is a wonderful ability to inforcement of a hundred thousand now, after the many testimonies

be able to get excited about the additional men. One stimulating which have been given of him, this

right things. Paul said to Timothy, stanza says—is the testimony, last of all, which

"... stir up the gift of God, which we give of him: That he lives!

is in thee."(II Tim. 1:6.) Vigorous "In the beauty of the lilies Christ "For we saw him, even on the

thinking and acting will stir up our was born across the sea, right hand of God; and we heard the

gifts and give them increased ardor With a glory in his bosom that voice bearing record that he is the and fervor. Enthusiasm supports transfigures you and me; only begotten of the Father.

and drives reason to make it active. As he died to make men holy let "That by him, and through him,

Effective stimulation can help to us die to make them free! and of him, the worlds are and were

produce zeal, which is a vigorous, While God is marching on."created, and the inhabitants thereof

untiring activity. A welltrained are begotten sons and daughters unconscience is also an instrument of Here is another example. In 1923 to God."(D&C 76:2224.)

invigoration. there sat in a prison cell in Germany God has placed in our hands the

a young man by the name of Adolf great power of stimulation, which is

To Provoke Thought Hitler who had been unsuccessful the power to enlighten,, the power to things. enthusiastic, in to the But become he was power many now Provoke from a word came meanhis It his writing seeds of faith. plant the book, is the Mein Kampf, "to call forth."ofing our One to action. this greatest get plan the power Germany to make power By isgreatest opportunities able to be

the fact persuade on convince, earth. The and may that we is nation call forthto thought. one No

is inspire. starting almost singlehanded arouse out Stimulation he and his ability togreater think. than

that to indicated upset the world, touch he the a power cause life and said has that areSomeone we it it? into something. to like had blossom did he do greater something Howtacks; farther go can than no we

it his is said, is in book. answer in than was. This The our power He let us. willour heads someWe of it regainquestion learn "The to hands and Germany use we may fill full of so ourselves prizetimes

fights, baseball games, and televiing her power is not how to manuto dispel ignorance, raise objectives, sion shows that we have no room facture or distribute arms, but how and incite activity in the greatest for thoughts of God and eternal to produce in people that will to enterprise ever undertaken upon the life. When our spiritual intellect win, that spirit of determination, earth—the work of human exaltabecomes povertystricken, it maniwhich produces a thousand different tion.

fests itself in trite, verbal intercourse.

Our daily thoughts and conversation should be concerned with more important things, developing deeper The Hot and Cold Period let live. He likes people and things

longings and more worthwhile to be friendly and informal. He will

if reminded buthungers. We should learn to love (Continued) like to be singled hang up his clothes

activity involving serious religious out. He wants to be equal with his will otherwise leave them where he

thought and spiritual experiences. pals but not too different from them, takes them off. He is a doodler

even in achievements. He seeks acwhen it comes to work but can get

To Incite Activityceptance and contentment with both genuinely enthusiastic about someis thing going he with to do Mom adults contemporaries. His and said, great "The Huxley Thomas or Dad. usually short are outbursts temper is of life acbut not knowledgeend

flexas fairly long parents are As still shallow. to has and be willtion."only not He judged be We ible their in tenyear- a on demands is considerably coached on what also believe but what by whatby we

it old, find they possible to make right, convictions has but he deep said, done. "With Solomon havewe this a pleasant, period wonderful is that are things about wrong.all understanding."getting get thy He

(Prov. 4:7.) Someone else said, usually truthful about vital and imsatisfying, and happy interlude.

"With all thy getting, get going."portant things but gets careless

Activity is the basis for all accomabout smaller things and needs reRounding out the Facts of Life plishment. "You can lead a running minding. Because age ten to eleven is

stream, but what can you do with a Ten, then, is a period of live and pleasant and generally tractable, this

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ond/ tfMed,pOfiJ For many years, Big K Spo.rtscaster Dean given to anyone, read in part, "for his

Bennett has vividly reported the colorful wholehearted cooperation with football playby-play Intermountain sports scene, officials of the Mountain States Conference."

and in commemoration of his consistently excellent efforts, he was recently awarded And Dean is again on the scene this year.

an unprecedented "Certificate of AppreListen to him on the Big K as he brings ciation"by the Mountain States Conferyou, clearly and concisely, a word picture ence officials. The award, never before of the fastmoving BYU football schedule.

ckp filis handy 1958 BYU FOOTBALL SCHEDULE

DATE OPPONENT PLACE TIME Sept. 20 Fresno State College Provo, Utah 7:45 p.m.

Sept. 27 University of Utah Salt Lake City 7:45 p.m.

Oct. 4 Colorado State Univ. Ft. Collins, Colo. 7:45 p.m.

Oct. 1 1 College of Pacific Stockton, Calif. 8:45 p.m.

Oct. 18 North Texas State Provo, Utah 1:15 p.m.

Oct. 25 University of Montana Missoula, Montana 1:15 p.m.

Nov. 1 Utah State University Logan, Utah 1:15 p.m.

Nov. 8 University of New Mexico Provo, Utah 1:15 p.m.

Nov. 15 University of Denver Denver, Colorado 1:15 p.m.

Nov. 22 University of Wyoming Provo, Utah 1:15 p.m.

All times are Mountain Standard Time. Broadcast times include Beneficial Pregame!

PLAY BY PLAY brought to you by.

PREand POSTGAME brought to you by BENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance Company

ALL ON THE Bl

Salt Lake City, Utah 50,000 Watts Clear Channel Full CBS Schedule Full Time

OCTOBER 1958 755 is often the best time to have a rather This is the period when the grumimportant process of proving to himcomprehensive discussion on the bling, thundering dynamics of the self that all the things his parents facts of life. By this time he will Hot and Cold Period are most have taught him to do are not

know enough from his own emovividly apparent. mandatory after all. He has distions and personal feelings to interWhat is difficult for both Junior covered that he is a free person in

pret accurately what he is told. He and his parents to realize is the fact a free world, and he doesn't really

is old enough to follow the entire that he has actually arrived on the have to do anything. This is a great

miraculous process of procreation. threshhold of adolescence. The human discovery and in process of

He usually responds to a review of gateway to adulthood is beginning time becomes the foundation for the diagrams in the family doctor to swing open before him and what /-motivation and sel/-government.

book and likes to hear his father or he sees inside is sensationally excitThis is why an elevenyear-old who mother discuss the processes of life ing. As a rule, it completely tips a has been told repeatedly to do somein a scientific, matterof-fact way. thing will sometimes snort, "Well,

Junior will have already heard I don't see why I have to.... It's a

many sly and subtle insinuations by free world, isn't it?"

his own contemporaries, and no THIS DAY'S PATTERN The doctor may also explain that doubt he will have been exposed the recommended procedure is to to a certain amount of vulgarity. It by Mabel Jones Gabbott keep a little pressure on him but

is therefore highly important that otherwise rock along and let him in discussing these matters with Too many patterns, truly prove to himself that he is not him "man to man,"he acquires a Poorly cut and patched, a slave. He has to find out that he

sense of respect for himself and his Leave a life's fabric can be sloppy, grumpy, thoughtless, future sweetheart whom he will Unbecomingly matched. and rude if he wants to, but people

marry. "Love"is not nearly as will not like him for it. It is this latter

meaningless to a tenyear-old boy as realization which usually brings many parents have presumed, and Junior around after his revolutionary most boys are perfectly capable of boy at this age off balance and conbinge of several months.

developing a high idealism at this stitutes an absorbing distraction Junior's outburst of anarchy at age with reference to their own perfrom all the normal achievements around age eleven is also better sonal relations. of childhood. understood if we realize that it is a

is also to discuss a This time good personality normal and wholesome his interpret Naturally, parents the of "molesters"with problem him feelreflecting thrust powerful new this in as change unexpected Junior fact older the thatand boys may selfassertion, of ings independence, his total in collapse a development. to intoattempt unintroduce him is curiosity. Frequently he and is lie if It revertas looks once moredesirable practices. Youth Bureau is that completely being unaware he his to find days. ing They baby mayinterviews reveal with boys young belligerent. rude, thoughtless, and their themselves pouring out comthat of are subthem more many is adults constantly challenging He to plaints doctor: family the to influencesjected degenerate than to to contemporaries himprove and this just cannot understand "We It guess. parents evermost would self that status has them. he with such boy. becoming was he Heretherefore warrants the both time inresists suggestions, argues, He fine, wellresponsible, a mature, interest to necessary buildand up gets terrupts, jags, talking slams on youngster. were mannered We confidence aa son between warm at doors, radio the or a keeps of TV just don't him. proud we Now his his so that parentsand problems level. blaring physical His sound think. to like acts what know He will anticipated,can be he and also are extreme. stomach wants His in jungle!"raised a he was pitfalls certain asrecognize they is pit. raids bottomless a the He the does doctor do?"he "Whatarise. parents of Thousands know refrigerator, to drink wants malted ask. may inthat of the ideal complete moral the barrel, milks eat candy and by "Well, goes bellowing around he istegrity entirely attainable a by gross. the bars he seems Often by at house. has the no manners He if his to close parents stayboy him nervous. or church and At jumpy like table, his shovels the food down live helpand understand him and wriggles school squirms. he and At starving a tramp, quarrels withintelligently forces with the powerful chair himself drapes a he on home sulks correct everybody, when we lifeof in are him. which like half feelings octopus. His an his stuff him, around, won't throws

Portrait of a Boy Between tiein thehis shower,shoes, can'tgoes getmooninghimselfaroundclean hot,constantlvthen hefluctuate.is too"cold.FirstHehe claimsis too

Eleven and Twelve in a perpetual daydream, and acts to have the energy of a mountain

As we have already mentioned, as if he were the only atom in the climber, but whenever there is somethe ups and downs of development entire universe!"thing to be done, he is permanently

between seven and eleven are in "I would conclude,"says the fatigued.

short bursts while the overall tidal doctor, "that as parents you feel like However, the one time when pattern is fairly even, without extotal failures."Junior scraps this whole catalogue

tremes. Parents are therefore usually "That's understating it,"they of problems is when he happens to

caught off guard when the broncoassure him. be away from home. Bewildered

busting days of age eleven to Then the doctor is likely to parents see him suddenly assume the twelve suddenly loom up on the explain just what has been hapmantle of little Lord Fauntleroy. He

horizon without much warning. pening. Junior is in the highly is polite and considerate, offers to

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

New Yorkers were SHOCKED By a Frank Newspaper Article That Discussed

VITAMIN PRICE COMPARISONS Now You Too Can Learn How To SAVE...

STOP PAYING HIGH PRICES FOR

IVI

A recent public service study of Patent This interest prompted us to tell the entire

Medicines in one of New York's leading nation our story.

evening newspapers, devoted one entire Hudson Vitamin Products has been servinstallment to vitamins and disclosed many ing doctors and nurses for over 25 years and interesting highlights about the sale of Vitanow you, too, can purchase your Vitamins mins and VitaminMineral combinations. direct from Hudson at savings that are up

One of the startling revelations in this to 50 /c and more. Page after page in the

frank article was the wide variance of VitaFree Hudson Catalog shows tremendous dolmin prices. lar savings on Vitamins, VitaminMineral

The following three paragraphs taken combinations and Food Supplements.

from the series, as it appeared, are of parFor example, a very popular multiticular concern to everyone buying Vitamins. vitamin and mineral formula (sold nation-

"Any particular vitamin bottled under one ally for $19.50 by doorto-door salesmen)

label is, for all practical and therapeutic puris sold for only $5.95 through the Hudson

poses, the same as if it is bottled under anVitamin Catalog.

other label. The fact is, most of the Vitamin Here's another—a wellknown high poconcentrates consumed in America are protency B complex formula with Vitamin C

duced by only a few companies. and minerals, nationally advertised at $5.95

"The list of ingredients in a Vitamin comper 100... can be purchased for only $2.75

pound is one thing the consumer can almost per 100 direct from the Hudson Vitamin always depend on to be correct. Any comCatalog.

pany which fails to label the bottle with the These are only two examples that you will exact formula and amount ( or unit strength find in our 32 page catalog that is simple, of each ingredient risks a seizure by the U.S. easy to read and has been a Vitamin buying

Government. guide for millions from coastto-coast.

"Bearing that in mind, it is interesting to Write for the Catalog and show it to your pick up a few Vitamin catalogs and compare doctor if you like—but, by all means, disthe prices charged by different companies cover for yourself why Hudson has become

for the same Vitamin compounds."a direct moneysaving source for Vitamins

Following publication of the installment throughout the nation. All Hudson Vitamin

we received hundreds of phone calls requestProducts are sold with a complete money ing copies of the Hudson Vitamin Catalog. back guarantee.

HUDSON VITAMIN PRODUCTS, INC. 11 West 19th Street, Dept. M-542 New York 11, New York

Mail This Coupon Today

HUDSON VITAMIN PRODUCTS, Inc. Dept. M-542

11 West 19th Street, New York 11, N. Y.

HUDSON NEOVI DROPS Please mail me your Free Hudson Vitamin Catalog-,

MultiVitamin Drops for Infants and Children NAME.

One of the Hudson Vitamins awarded the ADDRESS. magazine parents'

commendation seal CITY ZONE. STATE.

OCTOBER 1958 757 run errands. He industriously helps

a neighbor lady cut her lawn while Safety—and the full living

the grass at his own house is high enough to feed a herd of cows. All

of this is encouraging, however, in of life...

that it demonstrates potential qualities in Junior which are still alive and will some day embellish his Richard L. Evans

daily behavior instead of being reserved merely for neighbors and What follows is not a comment of the kind thisfriends.

hour generally suggests. But that which pertains

Of course, even at home Junior THE to people, to their health and happiness, to the can be punished or disciplined into SPOKEN full and effective living of life, is a proper subject his old conformity, but our doctor WORD for any hour. And with all there is of injury to

will warn us not to use this except people and to property, and human impairment, and heartbreaking in cases where Junior becomes comloss of life, safety is a proper and important and pressing subject pletely insufferable. It is highly for any hour. Too frequently our driving seems to reflect the tendesirable to let Junior get some of sion of the times, the impatience of people, and sometimes immathe vinegar and rebellion out of his turity of mind—and sometimes also seems to suggest that not

system at this stage so that he can knowing always where we're going—or why—we surely want to

make a smoother adjustment during get there in less time than it should take. The grinding starts,

his teens. Often a youngster who the screeching stops, the crowding and cutting in, the desperate

has been forced to give up his proattempts to save thirty seconds—what is it that gives a man at the

gram of independence at age eleven wheel such confidence in situations in which no one else seems explodes at age fifteen or sixteen. to find much comfort or confidence? What is it that gives a man

And a big husky sixteenyear-old in such seeming assurance and unconcern when lives are in his hands!

a wild state of anarchy is a much Somehow in considering safety the word smooth suggests itself:

more formidable problem for his dad the smooth start, the smooth stop, the moving at a measured pace, than a boy of eleven. relaxed, frictionless, free from anger—the safe and considerate living

of life. More than thrills, more than speed, more than saving

The Multiproblem Boy thirty seconds, we need courtesy and comfort and consideration, and a sobering awareness of the sacredness of life, and a sincere

We should not leave the Hot and concern for keeping people whole and healthy and unimpaired.

Cold Period without also mentionLife is sacred. The life of every man is all he has. It is about all

ing that a certain percentage of of him his family has. And not life only—but every man is entitled

boys will not follow the development to have and to hold his health and full and effective physical funcprogram we have described. As tioning. Even the small accident is costly in time, in money, in

early as eight or nine some will betempers, perhaps in pain and impairment, perhaps even permanent have like billy goats and upset the impairment. In all our relationships with others, on the highway,

entire family with activities which in the home, in all our work, in all recreation, in every activity, we would not ordinarily appear until should handle every hazard to life and health and happiness the period of eleven to twelve smoothly, considerately, carefully, comfortably, soberly, safely, with which we have just discussed. The an awareness of real responsibility, and never in a manner that

multiproblem boy is usually one would impair another person. The Lord God gave every man

who is characterized by lying, stealhis life to live, and safety is more than merely a mechanical matter.

ing, truancy, quarreling, thievery, It is a matter in which moral and other elements enter in. Let

burglary, sex play, vandalism, reeveryone live the fulness of his life.

sentment of church, and failure in over Square presented Temple Spoken Word"from the KSL andschool. to prob- "The such The solutions

Broadcasting System, 10, Copyright 1958. August Columbia 1958.

attacklems require many that we fronts simultaneously.

First of all, the multiproblem boy lacksusually a warm, satisfying relationship.childparent SomeSWAN SONG

times this is solved by the simple expediency of having a working by Gladys Hesser Burnham mother give up her job, if this is possible. Everything else being Blue haze from bonfire smoke hangs in the air,

equal a boy will respond to a Apples dripping red on deep green trees, woman better at eight or nine than Burntumber hedgerows where the weeds are sere he will to a man. As a boy gets And tall, unmowed by mower when he swathed

along from ten on up, the right kind The lucerne; roses in one burst of rare

of men can also help. This does not Pride are blooming as they never did before.

mean being a "buddy."A child reIn one abandoned fling all nature, gay,

sents an adult who comes completeAttempts a swan song rivaling mad spring.

758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ly down on his level. He wants

companionship, but he wants someone who is "just great,"someone he admires and wants to grow up and be like. He wants counseling, not

preaching, and wants to get a look at the grownup things this person does whom he admires so much.

This is a perfect time to get this type of boy into competitive sports.

Usually he prefers physical activities to academics, and this may be the reason for his difficulty at school. Baseball is usually a favorite, although he will respond to almost any type of sport with the right

kind of leadership. An inspired

leader of boys can often get them to not only excel in sports but often influence his behavior at home and at school as well. Once a boy gets

a good dose of hero worship in his soul it is good medicine for nearly all his ills.

A boy's school situation should be analyzed by a professional school counselor. Usually this type of boy

will be a slow reader. This will

handicap him the rest of his life unless it is conquered. Many parents have used exciting adventure

books and reading out loud with a boy to get him going on his own steam. The school can suggest

many additional techniques.

It is important also to have our multiproblem tested to make boy both ANTHEM BOOKS his equipment,sure he has all physical and mental. Many a youngforster has failed in school because no

one realized he could only hear or could halfabout of what was said in front CHORCH CHOIRS partonly see was of what of him. Intelligence tests may also CHURCHCHANCEL CHORISTERCHORISTER 1.0065

indicate that he will be a slow EIGHT FAVORITE ANTHEMS 75 learner and some things will be of GATES ANTHEMS VOL. 1 75

no interest to him at all. Each GREEN BOOK PROGRAM CHORUSES 1.00

human being must be dealt with in MASTER CHORUSES 1.50

terms of his capabilities, not always SACREDMIXED CHORUSVOICES FOR 75 in terms of his parents'ambitions. SCHIRMER COL. OF FAVORITE

And if a boy is found to have SINGANTHEMSUNTO GODNO. 3 1.2575

physical or mental limitations, this RED BOOK PROGRAM CHORUSES.... 1.00

does not mean he will not make a Music Sent on Approval happy welladjusted adult. If handled Use this advertisement as your order blank

properly, he may far exceed everyDAYNES MUSIC COMPANY

Southone's expectations and completely

City 11, Utah E.Lake1st WATER Salt15

the of his Please send music indicated above. any evidenceovercome

original limitation. To do this a boy HEATER On Approval Charge

must be loved for what he is. Money Enclosed

A multiproblem boy is also going Name supervision, closeto require very ofalthough this need most not be LIVE BETTER AddressCity & State obvious. be recognized He must as ELECTRICALLYa contagion, youngsters and other

unsupervised be protectedmust from with FULL aunes Musicsituations their associations where HOUSEPOWER

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVOW1'Salt Lake City 11, Utah

OCTOBER 1958 759 with him may result in their own with a competent psychiatrist should sonality that even a professional indelinquency. Unless this problem disclose any problems in this area. stitution would have difficulty

is recognized, our multiproblem boy Parents whose boys are normal, handling.

will soon find himself without any average youngsters must be very In addition, a multiproblem boy playmates, for other parents will not patient in judging a neighbor with in the neighborhood is really everypermit activity with him. a multiproblem boy. Life being body's problem, and sometimes one

Finally, our multiproblem boy what it is, some boys are much more of the neighbors can take an interest may be a victim of complexes and difficult to raise than others and in the boy and do more to inspire growingup scars which his parents excellent, conscientious parents may and help him than even his parents.

know nothing about. A few visits be wrestling with a maverick per- (To be continued)

Assignment to Polynesia the party boarded the SS Tofua for lege. The school itself, under the

Tonga. A slightly turbulent sea direction of Principal Ralph Olson,

(Continued) Elders Wendell B. kept most of the party cabinbound is in a beautiful setting of palm

Mendenhall and Edward L. Clisthe first day out, but after an othertrees and a 200acre farm and copra

sold, their wives, and Rufus Mihare, wise pleasant voyage the ship plantation.

a New Zealand labor missiondocked Monday morning at Nukua- A special assembly, two feasts, the ary going to Samoa; Wallace Taglofa in sight of the Queen's palace. dedication of a chapel, and entertaingart, another labor missionary from When the visitors reached Liament far into the night highlighted

the Mainland, President Fred hona College, about seven miles the celebration in honor of the

Stone and his wife of the Tongan distant, a uniformed band and party's arrival. A feature of the folMission, and Brother and Sister chorus filled the air with music. The lowing morning was another dediCharles Dana, labor missionaries walk was covered with lauhala cation at Matahau, attended by sevrecently released from New Zealand. mats, and hundreds of students eral outsiders including a nobleOn the evening of Saturday, May 24, lined both sides leading to the col- (Continued on following page)

Missionary Helps from the book, Learn and Like It, by L. Lowell Henderson.

recolperfect apprehension more and How to Memorize "Efficient memory means not only lection, better reason, but improved judgment and more perfect func- 1. Firs t—and foremost—concenfor several days, you will gain two tion of the mind as a whole."

trate. The most common cause of advantages: The total length of time "Memory is more than just a

memory failures is lack of concenspent to gain a perfect mastery will storehouse; it is the means through

tration. Do you give only one half be less than if you work piecemeal, which we perform an important part

of your mind to memorizing scripand you will remember what you of our mental work."

tures? Do your thoughts stray? The have learned more perfectly and for "A good memory is the mark of

difference between an elder who is a longer period of time. an outstanding individual. In nothing

excellent at remembering and one 4. There is a saying that "A else can one be so rich; in nothwho is weak depends largely upon watched pot never boils."But you ing else can one be so poor."

concentration and the desire to reshould peep into the "pot"of mem- "Although many believe that a member. For there must be an inory from time to time to make sure good memory is a 'gift,'the methods

centive, an active, purposeful desire that you can still remember scripor habits employed in memorizing to remember, if the memory process tures once learned. Rote learning, to largely account for 'good'and 'bad'

is to be complete. be retained, requires frequent rememories."

2. Concentrate on the meaning of views. Many missionaries fail to have

the scriptures you wish to memorize. complete reviews at least every two "Downright mental laziness acNever try to memorize anything weeks and therefore forget scripcounts for such inadequate rememwithout trying to understand it as tures which they once knew. Repibering."

well as you can. Concentration upon tition is necessary for everything "Memory is the primary requisite

the meaning is the secret of most which we wish to keep alive in our for intellectual power, without which great feats of memory. minds. A missionary should review there can be no learning."

3. Learn by wholes rather than by constantly, but this reviewing of

parts. If you will go over a whole scriptures should never take the Plato has said, "Knowledge is but

passage as often as you can in the place of learning new ones. to remember."Bacon, "All knowltime allotted, and repeat the process The following quotes were taken edge is but remembrance."

760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

man whose father had given the land to the Church.

The party was on its way again at four in the afternoon, making the stay at Tonga Tabu much too short.

The overnight voyage brought the group to Vava'u, worldfamous for its beautiful harbor; green wooded

hills on each side guard the channel to the deep water bay where the ship anchored. The stay at Vava'u

was for eight hours only, but much was accomplished. There were two

meetings, a feast, entertainment, and a swift ride to an inland village,

Haalau Fuli, where another L.D.S.

chapel is under construction.

Overnight, the ship sailed to its anchorage at Niue, an island under the sovereignty of New Zealand.

The natives here, although considered Tongan, speak a slightly different dialect and appear to be less free from intermarriage than the people of Tonga and Vava'u. The

mission has been established but four years on Niue and already boasts four hundred members in *to oneeight scattered branches. A beautiINTRIGUING AROMA! When Big Boy's nostrils twitch with delight, ten

ful new chapel at Neiafu was dedihe's succumbed to the tantalizing aroma of Rancho Chicken Noodle, Vegetable, cated by Brother Romney. Cream of Mushroom or our other fine Rancho Soups. Rancho Soups have a way

At 4:00 p.m. that day, the party with men. Why not find out tonight? Enjoy his beaming smile!

reboarded the ship, and after another night's sailing tied at the! HAVE THISwharf in Pago Pago where the GREAT WAY TO KEEP GOING

mission president, Charles I. Sampson and his wife met the visiting

party. A whirl of events immediately followed, including visits to quick, refreshing lift!

a new school at Mapusaga and a new chapel at Faleniu, a meeting in the Community House at Pago Pago, and a feast on the chapel grounds.

No effort was spared to make the visitors welcome in Apia in the heart of Samoa. The day's agendum included a reception at the dock, a

kava ceremony and a talolo at the

Church compound, followed by an elaborate native feast. On Saturday, an MIA youth conference was

held which would have done credit to any mainland stake in the Church.

Two general conference sessions took place on Sunday at the Pesega school auditorium. As was the case

in Tonga, this school is in excellent hands under the direction of Milford

Cottrell, and is housed in modern, upto-date buildings.

The party's journey to the Island of Savaii, during the next two days, was unforgettable. Savaii is set ina scenic backdrop of breathtaking IN THREE SIZESbeauty, and peopled by natives who NOW

REGULAR KING SIZE FAMILY 7 0Z. 12 OZ. 28 OZ.

OCTOBER 1958 761 live their lives in this peaceful setavailable in a picturesque coconut Elder Romney 's visit to the South ting far removed from socalled grove on the shore of the lagoon. Pacific missions is a noteworthy excivilization. The natives, members The South Seas assignment was ample of the prodigious labors of

and nonmembers alike, literally delnow completed, and at 11:00 a.m., the General Authorities of the

uged the party with gifts, feasts, June 10, the party, consisting now Church.

and entertainment. of the Romneys, Mendenhalls, and The accompanying map of the

Returning to Upolu, the group left Clissolds, landed at Suva, Fiji, and Polynesian Triangle, all of which—

at midnight on a flying boat for left for Nandi via automobile. with the exception of Hawaii—was

Tahiti. Here, unsurpassed aerial At 11:00 p.m. that evening, the covered by Brother Romney's assignviews of South Seas beauty awaited group boarded another plane for ment, gives some concept of the

them; white coral atolls glistened in Honolulu. Elder Romney spent territory involved.

the sun as the plane skimmed over three days in Hawaii, visiting in One must, however, actually fly the palms and the jadegreen laLaie and meeting with the labor or sail over this vast ocean expanse goons, rimmed by clean stretches of missionaries at the Church College and watch the horizon sink away beach. President and Sister E. V. of Hawaii. He and Sister Romney day after day to appreciate its scope.

Christensen with fourteen elders and left Hawaii on June 13, for San As long as the journeys were, the sisters constitute the proselyting Francisco, completing his assignment traversing of distance and the acforce, but in Tahiti, as in the other to the South Seas missions. climatization to strange food, and in

missions, the labor missionaries are In these days of rapidly expandsome areas to primitive ways of life, hard at work on new chapels. A ing communications and transportawere not the greatest drains upon

meeting with the Saints that evening, tion one hesitates to use superlatives the visiting Authority's energy and missionary meetings all the next in connection with missionary work; spirit: Every missionary was primorning, a short sightseeing trip in but for distance traveled (equal to vately interviewed. At times this

the afternoon, and entertainment almost once around the world), was a leisurely chat in the comfort

Saturday night completed the acmission areas covered (equivalent of a mission home; more often the

tivities in Tahiti. The plane left to that of the United States), coundemands of time required that it

early Sunday morning to return to tries visited (six), organization efbe done in a corner of a chapel, in

Samoa. fected (one stake, eight wards and the privacy of an automobile, or, as

At the fueling station in Aitutaki one branch), meetings held (sevenin Aitutaki, under the shade of a a number of Saints gathered for a tytwo), talks given (eightyeight), coconut palm.

short meeting in the only chapel and missionaries interviewed, (239), In the islands, where medical

Wire Rope

Wire

Industrial Wire Cloth Heavy and Special Steel Items and Space Screens

X2T

Springs and THE COLORADO FUEL AND IRON CORPORATION Welded Wire Wires Formed

Fabric Salt Lake City Sales Office: 212 West 13th South Street

mm

Metal Processing Belts Rails and Fasteners Hardware Products and Realock Chain Link Fence

Wire Products for Farm and Ranch 6244...

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA help is lacking or inadequate, the

Saints turn to the priesthood for relief from sickness and pain. Their

faith and that of the visiting brethren have wrought miracles of healing in the past—so they wait patiently and hopefully for a blessing under

the hands of an apostle. After three

conference meetings at Pesega,

Samoa, preceded and followed by the usual interviews and requests for counsel, sixteen ailing members waited at the door of Brother Romney's quarters for his return and his blessing.

The official business that only a

General Authority can transact with the mission president is often of proportions importancesuch and as Take Don Lyman's I Food Supplement 2 tOto a special warrant almost trip and exclusive attention. For example, a and look better, feel better, have more pep.

government edict in Samoa threatens This wonderful feeling of buoyancy is possible when to limit the missionary staff to one you supplement a good diet with Don Lyman's 2 to 1 nonSamoan missionary to every 200 Vitamins and Minerals.

members, whereas we now have one 2 to 1 contains a combination and expert balance to 37. of Vitamins and Minerals all from natural and organic

Lastly, an apostle's major resources. The Vitamins are put into a base material

sponsibility is speaking to people. A containing 24 additional natural foods and concentrates.

call to speak in the temple dedicaAs you use Don Lyman's 2 to 1 you will be making tion service can be anticipated, and available to your body all the minerals and vitamins time allotted for thoughtful preparain generous quantities that are known to be needed in tion. Amid harmonious surroundhuman nutrition and also many that are suspected of

ings and congenial spirits the flow of being needed.

the spirit is unrestrained, as eviYOU WILL BE TAKING AN IMPORTANT denced in the Tuesday afternoon STEP TO HELP BUILD YOUR.RESISTANCE

of thesession dedication temple LAY THE FOR AND FOUNDATION A his witbore Elder Romneywhen LIFE BETTER NUTRITION. THROUGH GOOD Savior theness to with and his work

such power and eloquence that all felt the Lord's endorsement of his MONEY BACK GUARANTEE you.<,.,.o0k

calling. ideal situation Thishigh better, feel better, have more pep and vitality when you take orderly conferscheduledand the

ence meetings are not the most deDon Lyman's 2 to 1 Food Supplement daily for six months.

manding tests of a visitor's spirit Many will get results in a matter of days.

and speaking talents. There is, for

example, the difficult and almost There are few products on the market today that exasperating ordeal of speaking will stand comparison with Don Lyman's 2 to 1 Food through an interpreter. Should this Supplement. The quality, the balance of ingredients,

journey through the South Seas have the natural and organic sources, the potency and the been taken two or three hundred low, low price are all outstanding. Everyone can afford

years ago, only a single interpreter 2 to 1. This diet fortification for just a few cents a day

would have been required. The will actually help many families to save money on their

mixture, however, of other races with health expenditures.

the Polynesian in comparatively reChoice Dealerships available throughout the nation!

cent times has changed both his blood and his language. Only in

Tonga and Samoa do there appear to Don Lyman & Associates 1 0th East South virileremain segments strong and of 472Salt Lake City, Utah Phone EMpire 3-9674 race.the Polynesian English The

Send to 1"supply of "2 my personalin New Zealand, the Indians and

Melanesians in Fiji, and the French NAME and Chinese in Tahiti have mateADDRESS Irially altered the pattern of life of to FOOD2 SUPPLEMENT islander.the native

CITY STATE Speaking to mixed congregations 2 Months Supply for 1 Adult $10.00

SAVE $5 - 6 Months Supply 25.00

Send check or money order to save COD charges.

OCTOBER 1958 763 is not an easy matter. In New Zeafrom the hut, the tray was laid at pig is the highest mark of honor

land, the Maori and the pakeha his feet. It contained a small whole which a Samoan can bestow.

(white) sit side by side. In the roasted pig, cooked yams, bananas, Elder Romney, in a few choice

Suva, Fiji, meeting, the congregation baked fish, and several smaller sentences, accepted the gift as a consisted of a few native Tongan, Samoan delicacies. As the chanter manifestation of respect to the office

Fijian, and Hindu members, and a concluded his intonation of welwhich he holds, rather than for himmixture of nonmembers, including come and honor, the doctor apself. He thanked the gracious host

some British. In only a single meetpeared, dressed in white shirt, tie, for his hospitality, and complimented

ing with this group Brother Romney coat, and a white lavalava. In flawhim on his profession and service

faced the monumental task of apless English he expressed his and to his people. Brother Romney

pealing to the faith of the Tongan, his people's pleasure in entertaining blessed the doctor and the village arousing the basic spirituality of an official of the Church, indicating and expressed the sincere hope that

Fijian, dispelling the mysticism of that the presentation of a cooked this first visit of an apostle to Savaii the Hindu, and giving the Englishmen some conception of Mormonism—all in one talk! With the help of

the Spirit which he enjoys to a marked degree, the meeting was highly successful.

At the chapel dedication in The Process of Repentance

Nukualofa, Tonga, Elder Romney addressed a congregation consisting of faithful members, labor and Richard L. Evans

proselyting missionaries, the Crown

Prince of the kingdom and high government officials, including repLast week we talked of the principle of repentance, resentatives of the Queen of Engwith the principle of forgiving—and of forgetting

forgiven. the possiTHE what has been what of Now,land. a challenge again Here was SPOKEN bilities—what of the real results—of repentance? interpreter,to meet, the through an WORD

is the unburdeningneeds of widely diverse groups. An One of the great reliefs in life

appreciation of government coopera- that comes with sincere contriteness for offenses, and sincere tion in the building of the chapel, resolve to make amends. It is a restoring, healing, renewing proit was the Lord God himselfbalanced by the Church's fundacess, this process of repentance. And

of principle us the expects us to use gave repentance—and who principle of respectmental for law,

it. hearts. that our need would it—and knew He we He knows joysa recital of the personal and

is sincere our superficial—or simply repentance whether knows of service,rewards missionary a

or passing fear, primarily merely it is prompted by by of restorationstatement the a whether and it is real repentance. or whether Paul embarrassment, some made its totestimony divinity—all as given

is off "old putting the corrupt according man, which about influence of the the remarks sweetunder 1 said, lusts"to "Lie not deceitful another, the seeing to one and of expressions pleasSpirit—brought 2 his that deeds."with off the can't old have run ye put man We satisfactionure present. from all and

away from ourselves—but there are ways by which men may leave

An example of Elder Romney's '"the old man"behind, and become better than once they were.

ability to rise to the occasion ocAnd there need not be hopelessness; there need not be frustration.

curred on the island of Savaii in People can repent and improve. But they can't do it without willthe Samoan Mission. The visiting ingness, without wanting to, without changing habits, -without

party were the guests of Dr. Siaogi resisting temptation, without honest effort. The Lord God will

Tuioti, a nonmember, in a village help, and others also. But they must also do something for themnamed for President McKay. The selves. He who is willing and wants to and will work at it can

morning and part of the afternoon rise and reach out and be better. And he shouldn't be discouraged

were consumed in the kava cereby slow degrees of success. Progress is eternal. Perfection is

mony, the talolo, and entertainment. something to be reached for—and there is a far and limitless future,

Elder Romney, having spoken twice, eternal and everlasting, which holds out sincere hope to all who had retired with Sister Romney to are willing, to all who will work, to all who have the courage, the their fale (Samoan hut) to escape heart, the desire, the deepdown determination to be better than the heat, when the voice of the vilthey have been. And we would say to those who are heartsick,

lage chanter was heard through the to those who are discouraged, to those who sorrow because of palm trees. sin—to those of unquiet conscience: close the door upon the past

Soon a group of young men bearand look toward the future, toward the sunlight, with a sincere ing a large tray appeared. On each resolve to be better. One of the greatest messages of life is that

side of the gift bearers several people can repent, can improve themselves, can improve upon the other young men danced, and past.

shouted as they swung their war knives. Brother Romney's faith- 'The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

ful interpreter, Lafe Toilupe, called Columbia Broadcasting System, August 3, 1958. Copyright 1958.

him, and as Elder Romney emerged (See page 779 for references.)

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

would not be remembered as a social event or for the outflowing talofa (love) of the people, but that he would be remembered as a representative of the Savior come to bear testimony of the divinity of the

Church and of the priesthood ( which many of the brethren hold )

Visiting the South Sea missions, a Church leader is in either a fever or chill of emotion. He is warmed

by the openhearted affection of the people and the evidence of their faith in the new chapels and schools erected by the labor missionaries.

The chill comes with the realization that the economy of most of the islands does not now, nor will in the foreseeable future, provide adequate medical care, proper sanitation, and general educational opportunities for the island peoples.

Elder Romney never failed to point out the incentives and means to progress and growth in the schools and organizations of the

Church. He deplored the inroads

of unchastity and the perpetuation of any and all customs, no matter how ancient and revered, that mitigate against complete acceptance of, You get it onlv in Utoco Gasolines—the

and adherence to, the teachings of throughBIG BONUSnew processes.created by Utoco Research

the Church. From island to island The BIG BONUS gives you worryfree,

highest gives you the fullpower to Saints—ascend the called upon he

proengine new your ever driving—gives life, octane of of purity that plateau high fast frisky, and car your tection. Makes

in Utoco get the BIG BONUS—progress service, enjoined by frugal and

... Gasolines

Christ. gospel the of Jesus Ethyl, the modern, ULTRAPOWER UTOCO

topoctane grade of gasoline that keeps your car at its peak. There's no finer

gasoline made.

UTOCO ULTRAPOWER Regular, with octane higher than premiums of a few

SUNSET BLANKET yearseconomicalago, deliversmileage. knockfree power and Your Utoco Dealer invites you—

"Try the BIG BONUS today!"

by Maude Rubin... plus complete, courteous

Utoco Service For greatest motoring pleasure—give your car the care it deserves

Morning came YOU EXPECT MORE FROM UTOCO AND YOU GET IT!

On eagle wing, UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

Lifting the grayness From safesoft greenness.

PROVIDE PROTECTION WITH But night will bring SENTINEL'S FAMILY PLAN..

A warming flame, One policy protects Dad ($5,000), Mother ($1,000), and all the children ($1,000 each)—even FUTURE arrivals with no inRed and bright andcreaseDadin arethe 25oneyearslow premium.old, the premiumIf Mother

would be only $9.44 per month regardless

As Navajo rug.... toof have!how manyComparechildrenwith theyyourhavepresentor expectcost.

The shivering sand writeFor specialto: folder giving complete details,

Grown still, unsunned, THE Is covered snug

Against the night. 2121 South State Street

Salt Lake City, Utah

Underwritten by Sentinel Security Life Ins. Co.

OCTOBER 1958 765.

Humor in the Classroom day Saints, however, who feel that Master Teacher found a "time to religion should be joyously experilaugh,"for whoever heard of chilenced; we need not fear the imdren loving someone adverse to

(Continued) The task of learning propriety of discreet humor even in laughter?

cannot always be accompanied with the Sunday School class. This beTraditionally the Latterday Saints

that which amuses. The one who lief comes partly because we do not have been a people fond of humor.

comes to class with the attitude, accept the popular concept of the The pioneer lightened his load with "Well, here I am, entertain me,"Master as forever being seriously laughter and found amusement a goes away with little gained. portrayed. One of the few portraysalve for sore trial. Past and presIt is a fallacy to think occasional als of Jesus smiling is found in a ent leaders are often remembered

humor indecorous in the religion mural on the facade of the Honofor their fine wit and repartee. The

class. Since religion centers around lulu Stake Tabernacle. On the two teachers in the Church today have

Jesus, the Man of Sorrows, it is occasions when Jesus took special as their heritage the enjoyment and thought by some that every conpains to justify his conduct to his promotion of good humor.

sideration of his gospel should be enemies, he was explaining why he All seriousminded people need approached with long faces and sad and his disciples were so joyful. the relaxation and release which

countenances. This sometimes car- ( Mark 2: 1819, Luke 15. ) That litwholesome humor affords; nowhere

ries over into the study of his tle children loved Jesus is all the is it more welcome than in the classChurch and its history. As Latterevidence anyone needs that the room.

Africa States, the USSR, and India. Proside the United States, the two areas

fessor Vernon McKay calls attention that are important for us as sources to a striking passage in President of raw materials, now and in the ( Continued ) however, is not the Nasser's 1955 book, Egypt's Liberafuture, are the other countries in the most populous political subdivision tion: The Philosophy of the RevoluWestern Hemisphere and Africa

of the continent. It must take second tion. The words connote not only south of the Sahara."

place to the Federation of Nigeria, a the tides of colonial revolution, but We live in an urban world. The

British dependency. Nigeria conalso the aspirations of Egypt as, cities.of man tend to dominate the

tains 31,254,000 people. presently, the largest independent life of man. What is the largest

The first colonial power of Africa, nation on the African continent and city of Africa? Here is a list of the

both from the standpoint of square the one controlling Suez. Said ten largest:

miles and people involved, is France. President Nasser:

The vast territory of French West "We cannot... remain aloof from 1. Cairo, Egypt 2,101,000

Africa contains nearly 21,789,000 the... conflict going on... between 2. Alexandria, Egypt 925,000

square miles of space, and 18,729,000 five million whites and 200 million 3. Johannesburg, South

people. French Equatorial Africa, Africans. We cannot do it for an imAfrica 880,000

embracing the Sahara, contains portant and obvious reason: we are 4. Cape Town, South

969,000 square miles and five in Africa. The peoples of Africa Africa 572,000

million people. After the French will continue to look to us, who 5. Casablanca, Morocco. 551,000

come the British, a close second guard their northern gate, and who 6. Durban, South Africa.. 475,000

in size and population. The Brit-. constitute their link with the outside 7. Ibadan, Nigeria 459,000

ish territories hold some advanworld."8. Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.. 400,000

tage in strategic position, resources, Before 1939, the US annual im- 9. Tunis, Tunisia 365,000

and potential. This is especially ports from all of Africa ran at around 10. Algiers, Algeria 315,000

true when the problems of the $100 million. By 1956, according to

French in Algeria are considered, Professor Andrew Kamarck, they Professor Walter Goldschmidt of and the likelihood, or possibility that had increased six times. Said he: UCLA, who edited the recent pubFrench "union"with Algeria may be "As of now, Africa supplies the bulk lication, The United States and

nearing its end. Belgium, with the of our consumption of diamonds Africa, directed serious thinking in

Belgian Congo's 905,000 square (industrial and gem), columbium, his introduction, wherein he wrote:

miles—more than ten times the state cobalt, pyrethrum, arabic gum, wat- "America has a moral interest in

of Utah, and with nearly thirteen tle bark and extract, palm and palm Africa. One in every ten Americans

million people, is the third power of kernel oil; at least half of our concan claim descent from Africa, and

Africa, followed by the holdings of sumption of cocoa, cloves, and vanilour greatest domestic moral problem

Portugal (797,000 square miles and la beans, extra long staple cotton, is bound up with the Negro peoples eleven million people) and Spain mahogany logs, long fiber asbestos; of that continent—a problem which

(127,000 square miles and 434,000 and around a quarter of our conhas a monument in the country of people ) sumption of antimony, chrome, Liberia. America also has an ecoBesides France, Britain, Belgium, graphite, manganese, goat and kid nomic interest in Africa, both as a

Portugal, and Spain, other outside skins, papain, and canary seed."source of raw materials and as a

powers are interested in African afThis authority from Johns Hopkins market for our manufactures....

fairs. They include the United goes on to say that "In the world outBut above all, America has an inter -

766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

est in the kind of place Africa will become."Another UCLA professor, Dr.

James S. Coleman, formerly of look I

Provo, Utah, and a leading authority on the political problems of Africa, now you con..

contributing to the same excellent volume, stated this future interest well: "America's principal interest inAfrica's political systems is that they DIAL YOUR

be democratic and stable. No other

set of goals would be compatible either with the declared aims and COLOR SCHEME!the known aspirations of the African

peoples or with the expressed ideals Bennett's color harmony selector and the national interest of Araerhelps you create perfect color schemes ica.

To witness intelligently the workin a minute. Simply start with a color

ing out of these goals will require already in your room—say that of

dial to draperies. turn the Then Africa, attention to its peoples,more

eyes 1322 COLORS yourthat color. before Right your you in these times. problemsand its The

quarterly newsletter of the Carnegie To Go with Anything in Your Home! see the harmonizing colors to use for

Corporation, July 1958, pointed up your carpet, furniture, walls. Ask your

one of the many facts to be appreBennett's dealer to show you the Colthis in quest. It called attenciated Wt&tiM PAINTS or Harmony Selector. He has 1322 citytion to in British the of Benin

Nigeria, a city once the hub of an Colorizer Colors to go with anything old and large West African kingdom. in your home!Its present ruler traces rule of his ISammjuIlL

particular dynasty to an ancestor of 65 W. 1st South—21st So. & 2nd West and Bennett's branches

800 A.D. Once the dominant power and dealers in the Intermountain area and Southern California

in southern Nigeria, the history of

Benin is about to be unraveled and revealed to the western world. Future students, in search of new material, may find themselves much

concerned with Africa.

RICH HARVESTING

by Beulah Huish Sadleir

I would you gave me autumn As an antidote for grief And bathed me in the burnished tints Of every loosened leaf.

I would you brought me solace In the amber corded sheaves And watched with me Nutfeasting squirrels Beneath the tall pine tree.

And if we share these simple gifts

With love—fire in our eyes,

We shall have known rich harvesting

And sun for winter skies.

OCTOBER 1958 767 Thanksgiving beautiful world? Aren't we thankthings? How do we show thankful?"Somehow all sense of hurry fulness to our fellow men? There

(Continued) hope. Though there and confusion was erased from the are so many ways. By courtesy, by

may be clouds of oppression, wars, first neighbor's mind, and the day thoughtfulness, by doing the little, and rumors of war, including the became a beautiful blessing to be unexpected things we say, "Thank "cold"war, still we have hope that shared with others—a day to acyou."May we get into our hearts

all peoples of God's world will be complish worthwhile, satisfying and minds the spiritual aspect of united in everlasting peace. For tasks—a day in which to stay close Thanksgiving, making of every day

this hope we give thanks. to God. All this because someone a good day because of thankfulness

Thankful we should be for faith. was thankful and shared her thanksexpressed and shared.

May we have greater and stronger giving! Truly, "The thankfulness that

faith in God—in our fellow men—Henry Ward Beecher wrote: "If counts is a thankfulness that can be

in ourselves. Faith is such a satisone should give me a dish of sand shared."

factory companion in this old and tell me there were particles of The scriptures are replete with world. Our beloved Prophet speaks iron in it, I might look for them with admonitions that we be thankful to

to us at least once a month through my eyes and search for them with God for our blessings. The Apostle

the pages of this and other Church my clumsy fingers, and be unable Paul said:

publications. With faith in our to detect them; but let me take a "Be careful for nothing; but in

Prophet, faith in his word shown magnet and sweep through it and every thing by prayer and supplicaby our obedience to gospel prinhow would it draw to itself the tion with thanksgiving let your reciples, we have nothing to fear. quests be made known unto God."

Thankful for faith in a Prophet of (Philippians 4:6.)

God and his word? Thankful until "As ye have therefore received

we would shout it from the houseChrist Jesus the Lord, so walk ye tops!

A young mother had been told she HOME in "Rootedhim: and built up in him, and

following again a never walkmight established in the have faith, as ye by Ivy Houtz Woolley illness. Prophetserious The of God taught, therein abounding been

said, almost casually, "She'll walk!"with thanksgiving."(Colossians 2:6-

—And she does. Thankful for 7.)

faith? for the Prophet of Thankful If home is where the heart is, We have not mentioned being to restored the priesthoodGod, for

earth again; for a testimony of all Wherever you go thankful for material blessings. They

this; for to a desire thankful share You carry my home,—areclothesso manywe wear,and ourso varied:homes, ourthe blessothers all these preciouswith

ings! This truth, you must know. jobs, our food. For all these we

Thanksgiving is a beautiful day. say "Thank thee, O Father."Our

blessings material also must we Saints in all the Latterday worldTo if is where the heart is, share with our fellow we men the If homeevery day should be hallowed by follow the of our admonition wouldspirit of thanksgiving. there Where Dear one, that is true,

to Master "love thy neighLord andis either to of gratitude absence an

God or to man, there is generally That you carry forever bour as thyself."Many times the

presence of vanitythe and the spirit is My sweet home with you. hasgreatbeenwelfareableprogramto help ofoutourinChurchmajor selfsufficiency.of Ingratitude

one of the great sins. Even lowly disasters because Latterday Saints

animals express gratitude in their have been willing to show their own way. Is there even one mortal thankfulness for the blessings of the

soul who has not felt the thrill of gospel by sharing with others.

gratitude for some blessing some almost invisible particles by the And so, as we count our many time? mere power of attraction. The unblessings, naming them one by one,

Abraham Lincoln, in his first thankful heart, like my finger in the we're not at all surprised what the

Thanksgiving day proclamation, issand, discovers no mercies; but let Lord has done, (as we sing in the

sued in 1863, said: "Thanksgiving... the thankful heart sweep through song). We are not surprised be-

"No human counsel hath devised, the day, and as the magnet finds the cause we know, without the shadow nor hath any mortal hand worked iron, so it will find in every hour of a doubt, that God loves us for he 'the has given us unnumbered blessings.out the great things. They are the some heavenly blessings, only

precious gifts of the most high iron in God's sand is gold!"The As we approach Thanksgiving 1958

God."golden glow from a thankful heart in the United States, may LatterThe spirit of Thanksgiving is concan find its way into countless lives day Saints throughout the world

tagious—a happy contagion! One if given expression. pray and show by their actions that

morning two neighbors were workCould it be that in our generation they are always thankful.

ing in their gardens, one concerned we take too many blessings for Oh, God, keep our hearts thankwith getting the watering done that granted? Do we thank our loved ful—never let us forget the source

he might hurry to another task of ones for such little things as a good of all our blessings nor our privithe day. The other neighbor called meal, a happy home, an underlege to share them with others.

over and said, "Don't we live in a standing heart, and countless other Amen.

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA S Preliminaries to the Restoration KIDS LOVE THE NMtfS of the interpretation(Continued) this,scriptures. they did When i * - 7.

they failed to realize that the Bible was not written for the purpose of being a constitution upon which That's because it's loaded \'i to formulated, churchGod's be was the that andand Old New Testawith the things kids are 't6 l & ment were not meant to be God's interested in... "Li'l

only word to man. The Bible is

not allinclusive. Nowhere in the Abner,""Nancy,"

Bible can one locate the prayer that junior sports news, should be employed at the baptismal or sacramental services. daily "Tell Me Why"

From the Bible alone one cancolumn with puzzles and rz& reconstructnot adequately the games, Mouse,""Mickey 4''/ oforganization church. the primitive 4r—% to and the Pirates""Terry officers guided Christ'sThe who

church are listed in the epistles, name just a few. The News

after written since theybut were is edited to provide wholesome there organized,the churches were is no mention in these letters of entertainment for the whole the specific duties of the various family. Bring it into your home every day.

officials. Then, when the reformers

of necessity had to abandon the

Catholic concept of authority, theyfound it necessary to replace this BmBMEMT Mmw doctrine by rationalizing that grace alone is sufficient for salvation. THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S iNEWSPAPER

They proclaimed, "One attains salvation through faith alone, and this faith is a free gift of God."They

not only adopted a variety of interpretations of the Word of God, but they also retained many doctrinal errors inherited from the if '1 the Ever think what would happen church.medieval Even though

leading reformers vehemently opposed the sale of indulgences, turned fire were to lay waste your home J their fury on the monasteries, reinterpreted the medieval concept of See the friendly Agent of the ritattackedtransubstantiation, and UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. Christian theualistic aspects of

services, they did not attempt to in your locality. He ivill be glad to help you check your

purify the trinitarian concept of policies. Qr >ee God, the pessimistic view of the

eternal pit of hell fire and brimstone HEBER J. GRANT & CO.

that awaited the unsaved, nor the General Agents of infantdoctrine baptism by 20 South Main—Salt Lake Citysprinkling. challenged have To

these orthodox beliefs would have been too radical a departure from the past even for the reformers.

There were a few courageous souls who appeared in the sixteenth century society and attempted to reconstruct men's thinking in regards to these doctrines, but such men found few sympathizers, and most advocates who persisted to pronounce reformed views on thesesubjects met violent resistance. FAMOUS

Michael Servetus, a Spaniard, is one FOR FITexample of a reformer who chalSINCE 1850lenged the orthodox view of the

OCTOBER 1958 769.

Jorninjf Trinity. After fleeing from one ings that they inherited not only

country to another, he traveled to doctrinal errors from the medieval tYWMTlD Geneva where he debated the subchurch but also the spirit of in-.MILK. ject of the concept of God with tolerance. They purged the unJohn Calvin. Servetus argued that orthodox and drove dissenters from

the Father and Son were not one their midst. They stifled freedom

in body, lost the debate, was conof thought and would not extend

It's better blending victedbecauseofof heresy,his convictions.and was burned tolerationnot advocate,to otherby sects.modernTheydefinidid

The reformers plainly demontions of the term, that the church...that good strated by their actions and teachand state should be separated. John

Morning Milk

Enjoy tastier dishes by using Morning Milk instead of Repenting... forgiving..

ordinary milk or cream. For

is Morning Milk superforgetting homogenized creamyto a

smooth consistency to blend Richard L. Evans

better with all other ingredients. In moving through life we all tend to pick up some

prejudices, some resentments, perhaps some sense

No other form of milk can THE of injury at times, some feelings that we have been

SPOKEN offended. hurts, real sometimes hug these And we guarantee such superior WORD close hearts. or imagined, to our when And we

cooking results. feel that others have given offense, it isn't always easy to forgive,

and it may be even harder to forget—and perhaps still harder to

concede that we ourselves may also have given others some feelings of offense. We all at times fall short of being at our best.

misinterpret: things that others misjudge, say may may We all KITCHEn CHflRITl

likely things said taken not have would we if we had all people, are sometimes preoccupied, WAXED PAPER thought. And most people, second

KEEPS FOOD orandseeing,seem ator timesfail toto giveslightattentionothers, totopasssomethingfriends withoutsaid. Allthinkingof us

it, all at times, to to misjudge of us hearts of other the FRESHER LONGER! havemisjudgereason,the ifmotives,we wouldthe wishintent, men. We are

all of us human. We make mistakes. We do not always live to

the best of what we know—all of which the Lord God understands—and for this he has given us the principle of repentance;

and for this he has given us also another principle: the principle

of forgiveness—a principle of such significance that our Savior said

our offerings would be unacceptable until first we had reconciled ourselves with one another: "... if thou... rememberest that thy

brother hath ought against thee;..., first be reconciled to thy

brother, and then come and offer thy gift."1 How can friends,

family, neighbors, associates ever get back to any comfortable, livable relationships in life, if there isn't a willingness to forgive and a willingness to forget, and a willingness also sincerely to repent for errors of the past? If all past offenses were forever

remembered between two people, how could they ever get back to an understanding and livable relationship with each other?

Thank God that ultimate justice and judgment are in the hands of him who knows the minds and hearts and motives of all men—

who knows us better than we know ourselves—and that, with the

obligation to repent there is also blessedly the obligation to forgive—friends, family, and all with whom we live life.

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, July 27, 1958. Copyright 1958.

(See page 779 for references.)

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS OF HOUSEWIVES...

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS 770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Calvin wrote that the primary purof the state enforcepose the was to MeW cM*te religion,""true Calvinwhich meant

,;ism. Since men cling to their

habits and customs and slowly depart from them, the reform of the *\rt traditional beliefs was of necessity tote4 process.a gradual fc\9h <luoUtY m progtam The settlement of America in the

seventeenth century did not immediately create in this land conditions which were favorable for the restoration. Even though one of

the greatest contributions that America has given to the modern world is the separation of the church and state, it is not difficult to understand why the keynote of religious philosophy in colonial America was an established church. For centuries the Europeans had lived under the influence of one church,

and the English government did not tolerate the existence of diverse religious convictions until the reign

I.of Elizabeth Yet, the of idea 31 Richards Streettoleration relatively while was new,

the knowledge of an ecclesiastical establishment had long been embedded in the customs and laws of MM—

the people. It was only naturalthat the immigrants who settled in Desejetjm&gi

North America were prone to establish state churches in their domains.

In nine of the thirteen colonies established churches existed. In all

of the southern colonies the Church of England was the taxsupported state religion; and, except for Rhode

Island, the Congregational Church remained the established church inNew England throughout the colosbVM& nial period.

vigorous establishments The most Family Home Management Planpersisted in Virginia and in the New colonies. traces one theEngland As You, too, can improve your practice for family. your Learn just to howreligious Virginia, history of he can of saving intelligently and plan the managmost efficient use of yourreadily that ascertain the conservative founders were but a profile of ing your personal finances so that finances. Phone, write or stop in for

the English society, and conformity however large or small, your income your FREE 24page "Family Home to the Church of England was but will produce the greatest security Management Plan"booklet today.

one phase of loyalty the settlers were bound to recognize in the established order of the colony. The %Virginia colonizers were not re- 3!/2CURRENT RATEligious fugitives. They had not dme/dcm Scwinab

tasted the pains and anguish of SUGAR HOUSE BRANCH

Highland Onve. 2186persecution faithful but were supOFFICE: HOME Main, Salt City 63 South Lake 11, Utah

Cily Soil Lake 6, Utah INSUREDporters of the church. English Upon Honolulu, Hawaii OFFICE: DIVISIONAL

Street, South Markel Sail Lake 3555 GRANGER:their arrival, all settlers rewere Hilo, Hawaii OFFICE: BRANCH City 4, Utah

quired to acknowledge the ecclesiastical authority of the Church of PRAYERS OF A HOMEMAKER

England, dissenters the and DRINK from this church not permitted were to Attractiveing as giftbookto bride5x7 orwithforenvelopebirthdayforor easyChristmasmailestablish their homes in the land giving. Contains 36 prayers on seasonal and heart themes. ficq A delightful

hot beverage for those SI. 00 per copy postpaid from author: Ruth C. Ikerwho don't drink coffee.

man, 1391 Tourmaline, Mentone, California. AT YOUR GROCERS

OCTOBER 1958 771 MOVED!... TO BETTER SERVE YOU Slamming doors

WE NOW HAVE OUR OWN NEW BUILDING Richard L. Evans

DESIGNED TO FILL YOUR If we were to title what follows in one phrase we

EVERY COSTUME NEED could perhaps call it "Slamming doors."But one

thing about slamming doors is this—that some of

SALT LAKE COSTUME themnot ever—atdon't openleast again—ornot for thosenot verywho soon—sometimesslam them. And

1701 SOUTH 11TH EAST it wouldn't seem very wise to slam doors in anger or when emoSALT LAKE CITY 5, UTAH tionally upset. (And of course, at other times one simply wouldn't

IN 7-9494 slam them.) Most of us have difficult times, difficult problems,

difficult decisions, difficult days. Sometimes people disappoint us.

MAIL ORDERS INVITED Sometimes situations and circumstances disappoint us. Sometimes

we find faithlessness, duplicity, dishonesty; sometimes sorrow. And

few, if any, live their lives without some anger, and without saying some things they wish they hadn't said. Few, if any, live their lives

The Big November withouthadn't done—withoutdoing some thingsmakingtoosomehastily,shortsightedsome thingsdecisions.they wishIn childthey

hood we see those who hastily act in anger. And in the later years

of life, we sometimes see symptoms of the same impetuous short sightedness, in different ways, in different degrees. Some small

Will contain all new fullcolor thing goes wrong (or even some large thing), and we may immereproductions of the latest pordiately act on impulse instead of on sober and mature consideration.

traits of all nine Presidents of Sometimes those who have a major misfortune, an accident or illthe Church; ness, or who have lost someone they love, make farreaching deciPLUS sions before emotions have had time to mature. They decide to

sell, or to move, or to change something—perhaps to change the

a page of appealing biographiwhole pattern and picture of life before some of the essential factors cal material on each president! have come into clear focus. Sometimes men, feeling offended, feeling resentful, are hasty and shortsighted, and slam doors on their

The Improvement Era owningly.happinessNo man andis himselfhighestinopportunity—sometimesacute sorrow. No manevenis himselfeverlastin

50 North Main St. anger. No man is himself with feelings of offense. And decisions

Salt Lake City 11, Utah that will wait are safer with waiting—waiting for time to take over,

for the dust to clear away, for tempers to cool, for perspective to return, for the real issues to show themselves, for the real values to reappear, for judgment to emerge and mature. We should think

bridges, doors, seriously before slam before we burn before we weQUICK PROFITS sitting. ourselves Decisions limb on which we find saw off the

from acute sorrow, decisions in anger, decisions under pressure, deciin sions that haven't been thought through are less likely to be mature EASY SALES decisions. and safe

Messenger Latterday Saint Calendars easily be can the profit. earn 100% sold. A Wardsproven andand Stakestested "TheColumbiaSpokenBroadcastingWord"from System,Temple AugustSquare 17,presented1958. overCopyrightKSL and1958.

program. fundraising

Beautiful pictures in fullcolor... brief

daily inspirational Scriptural verses...

complete church history... calendar

cover and full color backpage suitable for framing. FISHING VILLAGE

Prices: 1 copy.45 12 copies 4.50

3 copies 1.25

25 copies 7.75 by Alma Robison Higbee 50 copies 15.00

WRITE TODAY FOR QUANTITY PRICES AND

TESTED SALES PLAN Dusk had fallen, and the last faint golden glow left PROCTER reaches. the FRANCIS bluegreen ocean sunset had Of

City, Utah East, Salt Lake S. 18th 2636

in, could hear tide the slow coming was and we The

Messenger at once send Please of talk beaches sandy on waves measured And Enclosed 1959. for Historical Calendars LDS

still is remittance of $ Bone white in the half dark. Now all was

( ) Please send free information on Ward In the little town, and we heard afar and Stake Sales Plan. Incoming steamer, call, saw each lighted windowsill,

Name And a treehung drying net that had snared a star.

Address

City State

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

where religious freedom today is ment, and mutilation of the body, of the most liberal statutes of that taken for granted. Periodic laws and the repeated offenders were siday. This act granted religious

were enacted to insure doctrinal lenced by the death penalty. In the toleration to all "who professed to

uniformity. eighteenth century, after toleration believe in Jesus Christ,"but at the

Insurgents who attempted to prohad been extended to the Quakers, same time stipulated that anyone fess any doctrine contrary to the Baptists, and Anglicans in Massawho denied the holy Trinity or the established religion were to be imchusetts, members of these sects unity of the Godhead was to be punprisoned until they reformed; othercontinually complained that they ished with death and the confiscawise, they were to be returned were suffering persecution. When tion or forfeiture of his or her lands. 9

to England to receive further pun- a conservative, but enthusiastic, Latterday Saints, had they lived in ishment. Statutes were also enacted body of Christians emerged from colonial Maryland, might have been

by the representatives of the peothe Congregationalists, and estabprosecuted under this law since they ple, in 1662 and 1663, requiring lished Separate churches, they were have repudiated the concept that all to have their children bapfrequently fined and imprisoned the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are tized by ministers of the Church for refusing to pay taxes to the one in body. The extent of intolerof England; and attendance at the Establishment. In 1774, the Virance in colonial America is further

Anglican services was mandatory. ginian James Madison aptly deevident by the fact that in every

And by the Act of 1705, anyone who scribed a condition that prevailed colony there were laws enacted denied the Trinity, Christian faith, in many sections of America: "The which infringed upon the rights of

or scriptures to be of divine authordiabolical, hellconceived principle Catholics and Jews, and complete ity, or asserted that there were more of persecution rages among some. religious freedom did not exist in

Gods than one was to be imthe thirteen colonies.

prisoned. 7 The fact that dissenting Even though complete religious

groups did not prosper in colonial freedom was not a reality in colonial

Virginia is evidence that the estabAmerica, the ideas advocated by lished church held a firm grip on the such insurgents as Roger Williams activities of the settlers. The laws and William Penn gradually were

passed by the legislators were not dispersed among men. These remerely words penned by the hands OWED TO AUTUMN formers aided in establishing in

of men, but proved to be effective America havens for the oppressed.

expressions of tyranny; and few by Marie Daerr In the middle colonies and in Rhode

dissenters succeeded in establishIsland, religious toleration for Chrising their homes in Virginia until tians, with the major exception of after 1740. Though some may moan at Fall's the Catholics, was attained during

In seventeenth century New Engthe seventeenth century. In these

land, Anglicans met the same punfirst blast, colonies, and in the frontiers of ishments as they vigorously inflicted I sing another ballad: many Southern colonies, various

in Virginia. There, the CongregaProtestant sects succeeded in estabtional establishments also employed Sweet strains for picnics safely lishing their churches; and as the

the assistance of the state authorities settlers learned to cooperate with to maintain religious uniformity. past.... one another, toleration bloomed into

The first attempt to challenge the No more potato salad! religious liberty.

ecclesiastical system occurred in Meanwhile, England was leading

Plymouth in the year 1624. In that the fight for liberty by enacting the

year, an Anglican minister, John Toleration Act of 1689 which

Lyford, and one of his friends, John granted the right of religious worOldham, withdrew from the estabship, but not political equality, to lished church and inviting others to Protestant dissenters. These privioin them, met secretly in private leges were soon protracted in praclomes. However, after they contice to Roman Catholics and Uniducted their first public service, they... There are at this time in the tarians; and in 1695, the Abolition

were arrested and were driven from adjacent country not fewer than five of Censorship encouraged the idea the colony. or six wellmeaning men in close of rational expression by establishThe first Baptists who attempted jail for publishing their religious ing freedom of the press. These

to establish their church in Plymsentiments, which, in the main, are events also coincide with the introouth and Massachusetts Bay colonies very orthodox."8 duction of the age of enlightenment

were also banished for commitEven in some colonies where—a century in which important acting a crime against the state; toleration flourished, laws were encomplishments were made toward

and the intolerant atmosphere of acted which required the colonists the establishment of religious libNew England in the midseven- to accept the orthodox doctrine of erty and the liberalization of the teenth century is further demonthe Trinity, and to the colonists this Christian theology. Favorable constrated by the fate of the Quakers. meant the belief that the Father and ditions for a restoration of the gospel

When members of the Society of Son were one in substance. In of Jesus Christ were rapidly develFriends first attempted to preach in April 1649, an "Act Concerning Reoping. The Dispensation of the

Massachusetts, they were answered ligion"was passed by the Maryland Fulness of Times was approaching.

with fines, imprisonment, banishAssembly which proved to be one ( To be continued

OCTOBER 1958 773 Today's Family tables, adding or substituting others as availability and your tastes dictate. Simmer until just tender. Pour

into heatproof casseroles with cover and freeze. Before serving, heat in AUTUMN a modern oven, add grated Parmesan

cheese, and serve hot. FREEZE Beets in Orange Sauce

Wash beets quickly under running water. Be sure roots and about

1 inch of beet top are still attached.

Brush with oil and bake in a 350 F.

oven for 1 hour, or until tender or cook in boiling water on top of stove. Cool beets, then peel and

cut into shoestrings. For twenty

medium sized beets grate 2 small ',-f i.-srr iiMi#$%?&&&ZX: onions and mix with 2 tablespoons

"vinegar, sugar, tablespoons P/2 4

T.;.:.'J.'f)J juice,: cups orange 2 teaspoons grated. bi?ri i r1 I'Ini?ji.v.;.;.Iiil'l:.!i!0!itU'

orange rind, and salt to taste. Pour

over beets and freeze.

To serve: Add 1 or 2 pats of butter and simmer gently for 15 minutes, or slip into a moderate oven

for half an hour.

Onions improperly cured and by Edna Schofield stored keep briefly. Save both time

and money by freezing any remainWhen the aspen turn gold in the In a large bowl, mix % pound peeling onionsand dicefrom theyouronions,garden.blanchSimply2

West and the maple flaunt their ground beef, xk pound ground veal, minutes in boiling water, then chill scarlet leaves in the East, you can and J4 pound ground lean pork. quickly in ice water. Measure into

be sure that autumn has come. It Beat 1 egg into Vz cup heavy cream, most used quantities (2 teaspoons,

won't be long before the chill seeps then add V2 cup raw rice, 1 small V2 cup), and wrap each unit separdown across the plains and into the onion (diced), and salt and pepper. ately in plastic. Place in moisture

valleys. Mix well with meat mixture. and odor proof bags and freeze. ReIf your garden is like mine, you Divide mixture into ten or twelve move only as much as needed at

probably only have a stewpanand- portions and put one portion on each one time.

relish collection of vegetables left. cabbage leaf. Fold sides toward If you have some green peppers

The appearance on the table of your the center and roll from the stem left, clean and dice them. Blanch,

lovingly tended vegetables now goes end. Place the cabbage envelopes chill, and drain. Package in one or

Itunrewarded. is obviously a case side in a or dish side by baking several of the following ways: (1)

container. Protect too little. andof too much moiswith Too freezer quantities small of diced wrap

much left in the garden to waste; tureproof wrappings and freeze. peppers in individual packages as

too little left to can. To serve: Remove from freezer, for onions, (2) combine with equal

XVz cook's then? stock. What, heyday! beef cups add A inonion, of diced Bake in amounts (3) or, 350 of seasonal for canning, rush preThe F. oven 30 to 40 minutes, stead of dicing peppers, remove stem

serving, and storing is over. At last or until done. About 15 minutes beend and leave whole for stuffed pepthere is time to call upon latent fore removing from oven, pour V2 pers, nesting one inside the other.

cooking talents—time to create, excup sour cream over rolls and finish Freeze in plastic bags. Do not thaw

periment, and devise. baking. Serve with sliced tomato before using.

For instance, take a look at those salad, brown bread, fruit and cheese Don't forget to freeze some of loose outer leaves of cabbage. Nudessert. your fresh herbs, too. Pick herbs

tritionally aesthetically are and they flavor, at peak then wash well, Minestronefar superior to inner the blanched for blanch 2 minutes. Cool and

leaves of the compact head. Richly Minestrone, that delightful Italian drain well. Spread onto tray and

green and vitamin loaded, why consoup, is a veritable medley of sumfreeze. Once frozen, herbs can be

sign them to the compost pit? mer's bounty. This soup should be put loosely into a bag without reHungarian Cabbage very thick and can be delicious. freezing together. Remove amount

Begin with a base of good beef needed at any one time. For a

Select the tenderest, most nearly stock, add peas, carrots, lima beans, bouquet garni for soups and sauces, perfect leaves of outer cabbage and cabbage, celery, parsley, chopped tie together combinations of your blanch them (two minutes) in boiltomato, onion, rice, salt, pepper, and favorite herbs. Blanch, then wrap

ing water. Cool quickly in ice water. spices. Use any or all of these vegeeach bundle separately and freeze.

774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mrs. America tells how to make

Dedicatory Prayer Real "YeastRiz"Pizza from

Biscuit Mix(Continued) of Days, through and Moses, Malachi andAbraham the "It's a new idea—Pizza Pronto!"to "turn authorityElijah, with

heart of the fathers to the children, says Mrs. William Giesse of Cleveland

Mrs. America 1959 the of winner their to of children the heart theand biscuit to yeast title. "Just add to the (Mai.fathers"4:6) down pizza Italian real mix, and make this congeneration.latest For long rising or Imagine! crust. No resofsistency, completeness and get the it's to easy kneading. Now express authority, oftoration we give yeast can only flavor wonderful

gratitude on this occasion and praise Be sure to use Fleischmann's thy holy name. Active Dry Yeast. It's fast and

We express gratitude to thee for easy and keeps for months."

the leaders of thy Church from the Mrs. America, Inc.

Prophet Joseph Smith through the

Authorpresent General the toyears—-—-*——- Pronto".-"Pizza \ the Presidency, CounFirstities—the to taste pepper salt and warm water cup bowl into / Measure % Asthe Apostles,cil of the Twelve with dough. Top on Spread 105 115F) to (not hotsistants to the Twelve, the Patriarch Sprinkle in 1 package Fleischmann's 2V2 cups grated Mozzarella cheese

sliced Mozzarella or packages 2 6-oz. Yeast Dry Active of First Council theto Church, the

strips) in thin (cut cheese dissolved. until Stir Add Bishopric. Presiding the Seventy,the oregano 1 teaspoon with Sprinkle biscuit mix cups 2V2 gratitude humility and deep With 15 in to 20 min. at 425F. oven hot Bake dusted well surface onto turn Beat, dough

filling bubbly. is crust until brown, nearness, thy thy Divide acknowledge 20 times.we Knead mix. biscuit with

divine guidance and inspiration. dough into 4 pieces; roll into 8-in. circles. Note: For a thicker, more tender crust, cover

place until rise in Press let crust, sheets. warm shaped baking ungreased on Place to become pray thee,Help us, we minutes). thick. {about Also 35 in bulk slightly doubled circle of edge to make spirin our susceptibleeven more pizzas. 12in. or 10 three makes

itual response to thee. Mix together 3A cup chopped onion The yeast

Bless the presidencies of stakes, 1 clove garlic, chopped prizewinning sauce tomato cups 2 of miscouncils, presidencieshigh sausage Italian 1 cooked cup presidensions, bishoprics of wards, salami or chopped cooks prefer J 'presidencies cies of branches, Another of V\ >*. Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc.—————

quorums, superintendencies, and presidencies of auxiliary associations throughout the world—make them

keenly aware of the fact that they are trusted leaders, and that they are to hold sacred that trust as they to vjeneral LonPerencei treasure their lives. comin $

We are grateful that the members of the Church recognize that the payment of tithes and offerings awaiting your arrival in Salt Lake City brings blessings and makes possible is the new and beautiful the proclamation of the gospel to the ends of the world, and contributes to the carrying out of thy HOTEL UTAH MOTOR LODGE purposes through the building of chapels, tabernacles, and eventually temples wherever the Church is orConveniently located adjacent to the Tern

Utah Motor the Hotel pie Grounds, ganized in all lands and climes.

attractive, offers spacious, Lodge

Magna Carta withairconditionedtelevision rooms,and each

It is fitting that we express appreradio.

of signing of ciation the the Magna of Surrey, the Carta in County the Also,cious youfoodswill findat Thedelisame county in which we meet toCrossroads resday wherein the promise is given taurant. And for

that no freeman shall be taken or your relaxation, imprisoned or disseized or outlawed aing heatedpool. swimor exiled... without proper trial

by his peers or by the law of the Make your land. reservations

This protection of the individual now at the is in keeping with thy divine will;

and any group of men who advoHOTEL UTAH MOTOR LODGE

Max Carpenter, Mgr.

OCTOBER 1958 775 Everybody nuw ftfeea TdbCe Queen, TZmadl

cate an ideology that would deprive

Stays fresher longer man of this individual right and in the heritage and make him a vassal of waxed paper wrapper the state stamp themselves at once as enemies of thy divine purposes.

We express gratitude for the right of free peoples to resort to the ballot, and for freedom to meet in legislative halls to consider problems and settle difficulties without fear or coercion of dictators, of secret police, or of slave camps. O Father, help

people everywhere more clearly to realize that government exists for the protection of the individual, not the individual for the government.

Bless, we beseech thee, Her II, the Elizabeth the Majesty, Queen

Delicious... nourishing all of Parliament, and Houses

Contains the non fat branches of government throughout solids of a full glass of her Majesty's realm, that the high milk reputation of this great government

Enriched with vitamins for the proper and just enforcement

Salt Lake City ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Ogden and iron of law may continue to be meritoriously maintained.

May the United States government with Great Britain, her Dominions, and freedomloving countries

South including everywhere, Amer-? SKIN PROBLEMS the sacredly republics, hold so or itching skin, or ican with rough, scaling If you are troubled

are an adolescent with skin troubles and have given up in principles of selfgovernment, and despair thinking no product would relieve or heal your give to their peoples such enjoyment skin, then you owe it to yourself to try H & M Ointment. of peace, tranquility, and opporMild enough to clear diaper rash and effective enough to tunities for progress as will make

athletes heal this odorless skin colored foot. Use cream communistic governments of dicpimples, for itching bites, eczema, insect skin, sunburn,

or longstanding skin problems. tatorship, of mock trials, of unjust

ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED TO SATISFY. imprisonment, of enforced tyranny, so universally reprehensible as to be

Get it at your Drug Store—or order direct from discarded forever by libertyloving

peoples.

Laboratories & Mil Restoration 151 EAST 2ND NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH preeventually peace That may $1.25 POSTPAID LARGE SIZE $2.00 SMALLHSIZE its vail, restored in again hast thou *M

fulness the gospel, and established authoritatively the Church of Jesus

Christ. Even so, there are millions

who are being influenced by false

Missionaries need—ideologies which are disturbing the

ALL LDS enjoyBoth Books Again Available peace of mind and distorting the 7th day Adventists and To Missionaries thinking of honest men and women.

Jehovah's Witnesses O Lord, guide and protect thy mescannot answer this THE A. B. C. Of MORMONISM: sengers in their efforts to convince

all in lands people and THIRD EDITION The Mormon Missionary's honest is Christ climes that "the way, Jesus

Message the truth, and the light"(John 14:6)

Written by Aubrey J. Parker and that "there is none other name

Converted Methodist Minister under heaven given among men,

Popular Pocket Size—Hard Backs whereby we must be saved."(Acts

Sent to you for One Dollar for each 4:12.)

treatise on postpaid Vigorous book all in Bless wellmeaning men to Apply Eccl. 6:5, 9:5, Psalms strive as to hasten the they ELDER J. PARKER climes AUBREY 146:4 Psalms 14:12, Job will conrenounce day when men Carrillo 616 West 50c Only strife to desire tention use and California and Barbara, Santa

or CO. DESERET BOOK of discoveries the nuclear great the or other bookstores LDS

Author I. EDVALSON, CARL Utah The Improvement Era present day not for war and destrucAve. Ogden, Custer 3730

50 North Main Salt Lake City, Utah 776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tion, but for peace and spiritual adHAMMOND ORGAN vancement. Music's Most Glorious Voice

To this end, we beseech thee to - -X influence leaders of nations that their minds may be averse to war, their 22 years ago the first Hamhearts cleansed from prejudice, susmond Organ was installed in picion, and hate, and filled with a an L.D.S. Chapel. Since that

desire for peace and goodwill. time many installations have

While his body lay in the tomb continued to demonstrate its

Christ, thy Beloved Son, preached to many exclusive advantages.

the spirits in prison who once were Hammond offers hundreds of disobedient in the days of Noah, beautiful, rich church tones not found on comparably priced organs. Negligible service and maintenance costs. CANNOT getthus evidencing that those who have

out of tune.passed the also beyond veil must

hear the word of God and obey the Be Sure to Visit With Us During Conference.

eternal principles of life and salvation. Complete Information Gladly Sent.

Temples are built to thy holy name as a means of uniting thy peoGLEN BROS. MUSIC CO.

ple, living and dead, in bonds of OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO faith, of peace, and of love through2546 Washington 74 So. Main 57 N. University

out eternity.

Help all, O Father, to realize more keenly and sincerely than ever before that only by obedience to eternal principles and ordinances of the HOMEIMPORT ofgospel Christ Jesus "BANQUETMASTER"loved may T LIGHT WEIGHT THE NEWones died without who baptism be FOLDING TABLE BANQUET BUSINESS!

for Designed today's beautiful i—you showpermitted the glorious Men Women. privilege of We Churches Schools bigprofit items import to how Cafesentrance into Private thy Homes kingdom. foreign at low amazing '$%?{*-

left). at (examples Your homeprices Increase desire, therefore, our to

list lmis office. of Get 157 your

put forth even greater effort toward -\ports FREE! Full or spare time

the consummation of thy purposes. volumebusiness ordersby MailfromOrder.stores.Or takeImTo this end, by the authority of portgoods,jewelry,hardware,clothing,etc. NOsportingEXPEthe Holy Priesthood, we dedicate RIENCE OR INVESTMENT IN PRODobligation NEEDED. Without UCTSthis, of the the London Temple details for complete today Clocks 65f send West by Made FREE! imports Air 157 of and of ChristChurch in Latterday of Jesus Germany L.D.S. in workmen.the night. over us mail listreaches The

BanBefore buy, compare you BISHOPS—value $5 itSaints, Co., 1717 Westwood, Mellinger consecrate set and and for quality material quetmasters of y and Calif. in Angeles 24, U.S.A. Dept. Pl65A,Los of design. Write beauty forapart workmanship, for the sacred purposes,

which it has been erected. We ask fordiscounts.descriptive brochure with prices and

thee to accept this edifice and to Sample tableSatisfactionsent forGuaranteedyour inspection.

guard it from foundation to tower. Write or telephone collect JA 2-6601.

Protect it from earthquakes, tempes- D. H. LOOSLI CO., INC. IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

tuous storms, or other devastating Idaho Falls, Idaho Aids in treatment of Canker, simple holocausts. We dedicate the ground sore throat and other minor mouth

on which it stands and by which it send and throat irritations.

is surrounded. the baptismal May

font, the ordinance esperooms, and Era The Improvement HALL'S REMEDYcially sealing the holy kept rooms be to a friend Salt City, Lake Utah spiritthat thy ever present be may 12 issues + >- i,-mm*< - $2.50 *> '''.''

to comfort and to inspire. -—'. '"-(. -OB- i. -,(]-.

Bless the persons who are charged to look after all mechanical installations and fixtures, that they may do W TO GET MORE NUTRITION so skilfully, faithfully, and reverentINTO YOUR DAILY DIET!

lyStone Grind Your Flour a Few Hours Before

Bless the president of the temple Baking. Taste the difference!

his wifeand as matron. humilLet in Invest a LEE HOUSEHOLD MILL FLOUR NOW!

... Choice of mills 4 prices!ity write for their feelings; temper wisdom,

. Save introductory on. flour offer send coupon with check or

their kind considerationand for guide money order lb.. is pkg. 5 Flour stone ground shipped. day

actions. May they, and others, who LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY Milwaukee 1, Wis.

will assistants as be appointed and—t r; LEE ENGINEERING Dept. IE-9 COMPANY,custodians, maintain an atmosphere I, W. Wisconsin Ave., ELECTRIC ( 2023 Wis. Milwaukee

of cleanliness holiness in every and room. Let no unclean person or PORTABLE |j D WIS.-MINN.DEAF SMITH FLOUR,FLOUR, 5-lb.5-ib. pkg.pkg. Pp.Pp. OnlyOnly $1.00$1.50

thing ever enter herein; for, "my AUTOMATIC i Name

ECONOMICAL i Street

Slate OCTOBER 1958 777 spirit,"sayeth the Lord, "will not view the temple from afar, may lift dwell in unclean tabernacles"; their eyes from the groveling things

neither will it remain in a house of sordid life and look up to thee and where selfish, arrogant, or unwholeacknowledge thy providence.

some thoughts abide. Therefore, Through love for thee, our Heavmay all who enter this holy temple enly Father, and their fellow men,

faithful clean of thy pure Church, hands and come with and members to every Answer An

Spirit in hearts believe that thy ever thee, have Holy others who may Wraps Problem

Welded other possible present be by tithes and to comfort, to inspire, made wraps steeldry. "in

erection contributions to bless. press"... generous the and endairedValetunsanitaryRacksandkeep

locker conditions room holy completion or forebodings with of this thy and If any gloomy floor fit save

..space—. in...anywhere enter, hearts house. they depart heavy may all strictly in standardmodern

offices. factories, hotels, it their of our offering, with hallow lightened Accept burdens and schools, clubs, churches.

institutions if faith their increased; protect thy presence, have any by it by thy

there or whereveris a wraps in hearts, their or bitterness power. envy problem

Writefor Catalog'OV690 feelings this prayer, replaced be With by may such we rededicate

VOGELPETERSON1121 West 37th St. Chicago CO.9, III. selfsearching and forgiveness. May our lives to the establishment of the

all who come within these sacred kingdom of God on earth for the walls feel a peaceful, hallowed inpeace of the world, and to thy glory mmvv&e fluence. Cause, O Lord, that even forever, in the name of thy Beloved t FOLDING people who pass the grounds, or Son, Jesus Christ. Amen.

BANQUET TABLES Your Question ly break any of the divine commandDirect Prices ments! In doing such a thing we

Discounts fo (Continued) Through this atonebring condemnation to our souls.

Schools, Churches, ment the resurrection becomes uniFar better for members of the

Lodges. Clubs, versal, shall of these soul to partake have his and every Church never

Institutions and all spirit, his three to these thus renewing inemblems, body restored separably joined, never again to be covenants, than to partake of them divided. Moreover, there come to and then go forth to commit sin.

It is, TRUCKS believers true however, redemption a solemn from the commandstoringMONROE truck easy, Forthe wayTables of pareternal sins blessing that their the the Lord, from do and ment we modernFoldingtables handles EachandConstrucstorageChairs chairs.permits of No. TSCor Storage Transport is life, of in take presthe the to dwell Sacrament. Those which who tionin limited Truckeitherspace Truck No. TS

Write for Discounts and Catalog showing 54 ence of God. These are the things repeatedly and constantly disregard

sizes and types and Trucks. Also popular of MONROEline of FoldingFolding Chairs.Tables, we are to remember. this commandment and remain away

The third thing is to remember from this Sacrament meeting, will THE COMPANY nWoWlOC

STREET. 249 COLFAX, IOWA that we covenant that we will keep lose the Spirit of the Lord, for his CHURCH

his commandments. How can a Spirit will not dwell in those who

member of the Church partake of fail to renew these covenants in a the Sacrament and renew these consistent manner. This is the doccovenants, and then go forth from trine that Paul tried to teach the FIL this sacred assembly, and deliberateCorinthian members of the Church. DEVELOPED & PRINTED

Any 12. or 3 Melchizedek Priesthood mally and informally in the great

Exposure Send Coin Onlv missionary cause. As the First

Roll!—No C.O.D.'s (Continued) marrying out of the Presidency say in the first sentence

OLD PHOTOS Copied and Printed temple or out of the Church. It of the Bulletin on Stake Missions:

for GENEALOGY—60c each would be better to forego many pos- "Organized missionary work among Moneyback Guarantee!

sible conversions than to create a nonmembers of the Church, and is SAM'S families, PHOTO LAB about with to be partmember situation would bring which 1115, Dept.IP. O. Box AA, Salt

receive in all stakes, marriages. illadvised done and is to and Lake City, UtJ unwise

Obviously the success of the stake the wholehearted cooperation, asTYPEWRITERS missionaryber of convertworkbaptismsand thewilltotaldependnumsistance,organizationsand andsupportmembers."of all Church

FOR GENEALOGY WORK rebuilds in large measure upon the missionary Buy or rent—save 60% on factory

consciousness that prevails among "Remember the worth of souls is TYPEWRITERS SCHREYER Literature the members of the Church generalgreat in the sight of God;... Write for Free

757 So. State Salt Lake City, Utah ly. Every Church member and "Wherefore, you are called to cry

officer should do all in his power to repentance unto this people.

increase this consciousness, this feel- "And if it so be that you should ing on the part of the Saints genlabor all your days in crying repenterally, that it is tremendously vital ance unto this people, and bring, for them to participate both forsave it be one soul unto me, how

There is no better gift 0m6,%d&than a Cambridge Bible.

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

great shall be your joy with him in These Times'* the kingdom of my Father! Dwight*The D.AmericanEisenhowerAssemblyas Presidentwas establishedof Columbiaby

of conif It program will in 1950. joy your be University now, "And WITH Bracelet on is "recommendations"a develops & which ferences"that have soulgreat with one you as a nonpartisan concern"national of issues

is inFULL SIZE column month's This service. GENUINE public into the kingdom untobrought me of background the edition final the to debted

1-4, great will Session be of held May 13th Father, your papers 1958. 10 KARAT SOLID howof my

American (The States and Africa. Unitedits See The souls if bringjoy many you should 252 1958, pp. Assembly, GOLD HEART

unto me!"(Ibid., 18:10, 1416.)

CHARM plus Your Question After the organization of the Church in 1830, BREATH 0'SPRING in the to Church revelation a gave the Lord BIG, "MINK"STOLE plus said: he which BreadCast Thy it mattereth that you, unto I IV say behold, "For 24Pc. FASHION shall drink ye eat or shall what what ye not TALL

if it so be Sacrament, the of partake ye think when of us could(Continued) & MAKEUP SET gloryto single it eye my with an THIS INCLUDED ALL ye that do

Earlooked Dress say. which Party to must have body the Fatherwhat my unto remembering We plus Nylon Belt TRAVEL CASE was which blood for you, and my laid Panties was down ringsStockings there surprised, standingextremely Retail value Shoes Heel sins. $19.95 of your remission for the shed Scissors HighManicure

for Soap the speechless, Mirror you, I give untomotionless and a commandment "Wherefore, Hair Hangers strong neither plus wine purchase 50?: shall not 6 Lipthat Barrette you m9 laughter. inchildren out happy broke ManicurDishVanityBrushstick Case enemies. of your drink shipping or Compact Bowl

Perexcept Container of CO.D. none partake shall plus all you "Wherefore, corn the Saturdays was In two Bottle Comb this in postage yea, you; my Only among it is new Pencil. made Rougeist'sfumeEyebrow fields on our built the from and upgleaned shall be which kingdom Father's 4 27:2-4.) S earth."C & SHE BECAUSE the (D AND MORE EVERYTHING DOES SWEETIEKINSfinancial surmounted. hazard was

folwas instruction this on this time From ANKLES KNEES, ELBOWS, SHOULDERS, WAIST, NECK, AT THE JOINTED Prophet the instructed Lord the to our and the wired lowed, lunchbox authentic all Now dances Assumes sleeps, stands, She used be could water that pure Smith positions lifelike Joseph of thousands plus poses dance ballet sits,& is to than shows mailbox more recordroadside as our far me hair Saran As tail rooted wine. of length pony instead shoulder Luxuriant

nearest plastic Kirtland body, Temple in vinyl &. the lifelike first firm used type was water 100% New for school of treat aa weary symbol guaranteed Washable, achieved skin ever there. natural to held thing assemblies solemn the:o &. shoes ballet wedgies. heels, high Wears unbreakable of is It vivid reminder achildren. holds and alive, simulates beautifully truly, thanks child, real the of position possible every Ecclesiastes: thy in "Castthe verse sweetness, demure her Despite body. in her joints 12 the CREDITS: PHOTO rooted AND ART her from washable, Completely is unbreakabe. real thick: (with big eyes gorgeous for her shaft to hair waters virtuallySweetiekins,toshesaran the thoubread upon manicured to bluesleepy, is she close that Davenport, 705; lashes) Nelson; John T. Irvin Cover without in herwater immersed completelywhen be toes, she may it days."723, after 11:1.)find (Ecc. Reynolds, 722, lacewith frock Ralph many in party 718; is dressed Cannon, Sweetiekins Ted harm. guaranteed skirt, cottona alltextured and blouse Kilbourn, art, Dale 727; Maryon, 774775; Ed gold solid soilresistant. Her creasetrimmedwashable, art, 734heartlittle... Whitaker, proud Ferrin gives value art, 742; reflects 731, 733, her charm own. very herher to as cherish andgenuineprecious something owner Harold Roberts, 774; 739, Armstrong H. 735; that dolls favored unique, those of truly one is

lifetime. Wiggins Lorin for a Studios, treasure 746; 740, will and child Lambert everySweetiekins M.

Speiser art, 745, Lindorff, 748; Jeanne 744745; GUARANTEE! BACK 100% MONEYlove REFERENCES ANDFOOTNOTES credits: Picture Press, 744; from Monkmeyer J. St., N. Newark 1, Broad Dept.w-8i8884 Hill Co., J. P. ARTICLES:FOR upleft bottom, 780, and Deseret News—upper

right, right, Era—upper Improvement per 783; Restoration to the Preliminaries 784Malcolm photos center 783; and 780,

Isaiah Hbid., 29:9-24. 55:8. Powell. Ideal Xmas Gift

=1 Nephi 13.

Organization Baldwin, The 4Summerfield of GRIND YOUR OWN

York: Henry Holt Christianity (New Medieval

Christianity Parker, 1-7; T. M. Co., 1929), and 6l CEREAL (London: FLOUR History Light State in the of the and sturdy with this 92. Black, Charles 1955), and Adam T. B. Bury, A History of Freedom of Thought OPEN HEARTH

(London: Oxford University Press, 1952), 58and Reid, "The Reformation Stanford

Christianity Today, I (Octhe Man,"71; CommonW. More Than by Cherry McKay WHEAT MILL 3-4. tober 1956), 29, Sold 10,000

Christian the of Institutes Reto Date Calvin, "John a.: Presbyterian (Phil Allen trans. ligion, John

II, 772. 1928), of Education, Board Records of the The time is now for the open hearth, ONLY (ed. ), Myra Kingsbury 7Susan

Virginia Company Governmentof LondonPrinting(Washington:Office, open heart, and the living faces; United States

Waller William IV, 413; 4-5; III, trails cabin, to the for 1935), $650 at (Richmond, Large Statutes ), (ed. The Hening

POSTPAID III, 168169. II, door, 166; to 43, the paths 18191823), ANYWHERE and Life the History Rives, of sWilliam C IN floor the tracks I on 1868), (Boston: Madison James of Times AMERICA

4344. faroff places. of earth from Bibliographand Book Source 9Peter Mode, G.

ical Guide for American Church History (Wisconsin: The Collegiate Press, 1921), 244247.

Elusive and tentative Mill cracks or grinds wheat, corn and all

V/i grains. Grinds or soft of hard kinds Exercise Will Wise The Who Is Man a hill; as mist upon minute. per flour or cereal of pounds M.D., G. Klumpp, Theodore ] See like silver in a rill, by Pehrson's. guaranteed unseen seen... Fully and Prescribes,"Doctor Age: New "FatigueYork Times,and A

1957. April 21, LDS GROUPS waits—orphaned, PRICES the there SPECIAL fawn TO Shall ttHear "Listen You and Yarick,

or Her Figure Her Lose Not Need [A 2AlyceWoman effacing, AugustIron of Pregnancy] Man because Health Enclosed is Mill. send Please one Wheat me 1954. September, order.) lacing. or forest in (check money held $6.50

The Spoken Word Name—

Repenting... forgiving. forgetting She knows her fairest wishes Address—

iMatthew 5:2324. are as her deepest sorrow, City

The Process of Repentance and tiptoes from the doorstepState - 4:22. xEphesians 3:9. till tomorrow. 2Colossians

PEHRS0N HARDWARE 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

OCTOBER 1958 779 The Improvement Era takes you jr j iirwi f to t London lemple

-mm

A

V

:-,. "

i < m&m Dedication crowds congregate in front of the temple between sessions by a majestic oak tree estimated to be 450 years old.

President David O. McKay waves

to the assembled throng prior to entering temple for the first session. A. Hamer

Reiser, former president of the British

Mission and assistant secretary to the

First Presidency; Elder Hugh B. Brown; and

President Joseph Fielding Smith.

The eyes of all the Church were turned toward It was in 1837 that the message of the restored gosEngland the week of September 7 when the fourteenth pel reached British shores. On Sunday, June 4,

temple constructed by the Church in the latter days Church leaders were meeting in the Kirtland Temple was dedicated. Members of the Church from the when the Prophet Joseph Smith leaned over to Heber

British Isles and other European missions, and a hand- C. Kimball and said, "Brother Heber, the Spirit of the

ful of travelers from across the sea—about twelve Lord has whispered to me, 'Let my servant, Heber,

thousand in all—had the glorious experience of attendgo to England and proclaim my gospel, and open the

ing one of the six dedicatory sessions, held Sunday door of salvation to that nation.'

through Tuesday. For the other 1,438,000 Church Just nine days later, Elder Kimball, accompanied

members the experience must come vicariously, by Orson Hyde, Willard Richards, and Joseph Fieldthrough the spoken or written word. ing started for England on the first foreign mission

The purpose of this writing is to take Era readers opened by the Church. In New York three missionto the dedication. This is to be a journey of several aries from Canada, Isaac Russell, John Goodson, and

dimensions, for we must not only travel to Surrey John Snyder, joined them. They were on the water

County, England, a matter of distances, but we also three weeks. When they arrived in Liverpool they

must go backward in time to the week of the dedicawent to Preston, an industrial town thirty miles inland. Here in the River Ribble on Sunday, July 29,

the first nine persons in Europe were baptized into the Church.

From that day forward the work of the Lord met with great success in the British Isles, and in less than eight months two thousand converts had been brought into the Church, fifteen hundred by PresiDedication dent Kimball alone. Conversions continued until by

by Doyle L. Green 1850 there were reported to be more members of the

Church in England than in the United States.

Managing Editor Over the years the Church has sent some eight thousand missionaries to the British Isles, and their efforts, combined with the efforts of the local British tion. Further, if we are to appreciate fully this great Saints and missionaries, have accounted for some

event we must journey back through many years and 150,000 baptisms. More than half of this number

take a glimpse at the events leading up to it. have immigrated to America to add untold strength

Going to the green isles that are Britain, some of to the main body of the Church. Today there are

us should journey, I think, by steamship. After all, about 11,000 members in Great Britain.

it takes only five days from eastern United States or But for our present understanding and appreciation

Canada to cross the Atlantic Ocean. In late summer we must look beyond the British Isles, for although

this is generally a delightful voyage, and one almost the temple which we are going to see dedicated is needs this much time properly to adjust from the located there, still it will also serve the Netherlands pressures of a busy world to prepare himself for this and the four Scandinavian missions, Norway, Sweden, great experience. Denmark, and Finland.

Others of us, though, should probably travel by Missionary work in the "land of the midnight sun"plane, for in the air great distances can be covered was begun thirteen years after the work was started in an unbelievably short period of time. From Salt in England, and the centennial of missionary work

Lake City, for example, there are only about twenty among these people was observed in 1950. At that

hours flying time to London. A nonstop flight over time it was estimated that nearly fortyfive percent of

the polar route from the west coast of the United the membership of the Church had some Scandinavian

States can be made in eighteen hours. From New blood flowing in their veins. During that first century

Zealand or Australia the trip can be made in some some sixty thousand baptisms were reported from three days. The new passenger jets, they tell us, will these countries of the northland. About half of these

cover the distance from New York to London in six migrated to the United States. Today the Church

and one half hours, but we will have to wait for membership in these countries is 8,335. The Church

another time for this experience. also has a membership of 3,736 in the Netherlands

No matter how we journey, we should spend part Mission, making a total temple district membership of our travel time in reviewing the story of the spreadof 23,071.

ing of the gospel in the latter days to England and If this is our first visit to Britain, we will be imother European nations. pressed that the island is a veritable garden spot.

OCTOBER 1958 781 Green is everywhere, with grass growing even to the from Burma. Avodire doors and agba woodjams,

very edge of the highways. We will note that the facings and baseboards (both of these woods come

farms are, in the main, relatively small, wellkept, and from Africa) and some cherry wood are used in other that they are all separated by hedges or rock fences. parts of the building. We are interested to learn that

Flowers bloom in profusion. It doesn't take us the light fixtures, the chairs, the settees, and even the

long to appreciate the saying, "Wherever you find an carpets were all designed by Brother Anderson and

Englishman you will find a garden; wherever you made to specifications in England.

find two Englishmen you will find three gardens."The There are fiftyeight finished and five unfinished

implication is that both of the Englishmen will raise rooms in the building. The baptismal font in the

gardens, then will form a garden club which will basement is made from shining stainless steel and raise a garden. is supported on the backs of twelve bronze oxen.

From London we must travel about twentysix As we view the lovely building with its simple but miles almost due south to reach the temple site, in a sense luxurious appointments we wonder what which is located near the towns of Lingfield and the seventysix thousand three hundred and twentyEast Grinstead at a place called Newchapel Farm. four visitors to the temple thought as they were conIf we go by bus or car we will travel on highway 23 ducted through the building, in silence, accompanied

to Purley then continue on highway 22 through Godby our missionaries.

stone to the intersection of highway 2028. The road For two and a half weeks the temple was open to

is good but narrow and is usually crowded with visitors. The contrast between this building and the

traffic, so we must plan on from an hour and a half to cold, ancient, tomblike structures such as Westtwo hours to make the trip. minster Abbey is great indeed. Many were the

This is the route of an old Roman road from Lonquestions they asked as the tours were completed don to the sea and takes us through the beautiful and the missionaries led them outside, and many countryside of southern England. As we pass Godwere the invitations missionaries received to go into

stone we start to strain our eyes over the trees to catch homes and tell about the Church.

our first glimpse of the spire of the temple. This we But now the hour has come for the first session of

finally see just to the right of the road and possibly the dedication. It is ten o'clock Sunday morning,

a mile or two before we actually reach it. September 7. Some two thousand people have gathOur first full view of the temple and the thirtytwo ered in the building, members of the British Mission

acres of ground which is included in the site gives us and official guests.

a deep sense of satisfaction. One could hardly Here for the momentous event are eight of the

imagine a more beautiful location for a temple with General Authorities of the Church. Not since 1840,

its acres of green grass, majestic trees and beautiful when most of the Council of the Twelve Apostles shrubs of many varieties, a lovely reflecting pool, and were in England, had there been so many General gorgeous flowers. We are interested to note that Authorities gathered together in Europe at one time.

whereas the building has just recently been completed Seated back of the rostrum we see President Joseph the lawns surrounding it look wellestablished, and we Fielding Smith, Elder Henry D. Moyle, Elder Richard

realize that they have been put in from sod rather L. Evans, and Elder Hugh B. Brown, all of the Counthan from seed. We find that the temple itself is an incil of the Twelve Apostles; Elder ElRay L. Christianspiring sight whether viewed by day or by night. The sen, and Elder Gordon Hinckley, assistants to the

beautiful old trees which have been preserved on the Twelve; and Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson, first counselor

grounds create fascinating vistas of the building (one in the Presiding Bishopric. Also in attendance are

oak is estimated to be 450 years old), and the sight of the wives of most of these brethren, Elder Preston the floodlights playing on the building after dark Nibley, assistant Church historian, Elder Edward O.

makes a scene which is not easy to forget. Anderson, London Temple architect and Sister AnderWe are pleased to hear something about the conson, Elder A. Hamer Reiser, former British Mission

struction of the building from its architect, Edward president and assistant secretary to the First Presi-

O. Anderson, who has been at the site for the past dency; Elder Selvoy J. Boyer, former British Mission

three months supervising details of completion. president, and president of the London Temple along

The building is eightyfour feet wide, 159 feet long, with his wife, Sister Gladys Boyer, temple matron;

and fiftysix feet to the square. The tower rises 156 President Clifton G. M. Kerr, Sister Kerr, and others.

feet 9V2 inches from the ground level, and the spire, It is a distinguished group of visitors.

whose steel skeleton is sheathed with leadcoated As President McKay enters the room all assembled copper, extends thirtythree feet above the stone arise in honor of this prophet of God under whose tower base. The skeleton of the building is of reindirection the temple site was selected and the building

forced concrete and structural steel. Above the was constructed, and by whom the dedicatory address

ground the walls of brick masonry are faced with cut and prayer is to be given during each of the six

Portland limestone. All of the basement floors and sessions.

walls are dampproofed and inside the plaster has Now the audience is seated and President Kerr has been applied on furring strips to prevent the walls come to the rostrum. President McKay has assigned

from sweating. The interior of the temple is furnished Brother Kerr to conduct this opening session.

in beautiful pastel shades. Vinyl fabric, a strong Now President Kerr is speaking. "There are anbut easily cleaned wall surface finish is used in most swered here today the hopes, the dreams, the wishes of

of the rooms. Woodwork on the ground and second thousands of the Church who have lived, who now

floors is teak and teak veneer, brought to England live. There is answered here today the prophetic

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA witness of prophets of the Church who have spoken of the time when a house of the Lord would be built in the British Isles. This is another step along the

path and in the direction of the second coming of our Lord, Jesus Christ. The eyes of the Church are

upon us today, not only the eyes of the Church but the eyes of the world."

Music for the session is to be furnished by the Sheffield and Manchester districts combined choirs: the

first song, "The Morning Breaks,"the second, "Holiness Becomes the House of the Lord."The invocation is by Elder ElRay L. Christiansen. President

Kerr is the first speaker.

Predicting an added impetus to Church work in

Britain, he said that he had counted the newspaper clippings that the mission has on file, which they receive from their clipping bureau, and found that there have been 501 clippings about the Church, its activities, and about the temple in a period of three years'time. He speaks of the 76,340 people who

visited the temple during the public visiting period and tells that the missionaries report that they have never talked before in their lives to people whose hearts have been so opened.

Brother Reiser is the second speaker and gives the history of the purchasing of the temple site, visits of President McKay to the Visitors from many parts of England property, the ground Were conducted through the temple during breaking, etc. "The public viewings prior to dedication.

achievements of this land will be greater from this day on by reason of the dedication of this building,"President McKay greets a he asserts. delighted youth on the

The next speaker, temple steps.

Brother Edward O.

Anderson, tells of the building of the temple and relates inspiEdward O. Anderson, the

rational happenings temple architect, shows baptismal that transpired not font to visitors.

only during the building period but also during the time of the public tours.

The fourth speaker is Elder Richard L. Evans who

was a missionary to Britain, an associate editor of

The Millennial Star, and now a member of the committee in charge of the events connected with the dedication.

"Running through my mind this morning,"he says, "have been the names and places and voices of some of the great people of the past who have left their imprint upon this land and upon this mission and upon this Church and upon all that is most meaningful for time and eternity."He tells of Heber C. Kimball and

his companions and the beginning of missionary work in the islands, and points out that all of the Presidents of the Church have either presided in England or had been closely associated with the British Mission. He

recalls that twelve of the General Authorities of the

Church have been born in Great Britain, pointing up

OCTOBER 1958

":: '-.:;,..;;;.:; JSREpiilPp""-,: -

'""liWtfe

Copyright 1958 by David O. McKay, Trusteein-Trust for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Reproduction in full or in part expressly prohibited.

The entrance foyer The celestial room

the evidence of the contribution of this great land to part of honest people everywhere regarding the purthe Church. poses—the noble and fine purposes—of the Mormon

"This temple will be a catalyst in this country by Church.

ways we know not but ways the world knows less. "May we resolve,"he concludes, "to be worthy of

Its influence will mellow and help to spiritualize the them, develop characters as staunch and loyal as ways of man."theirs. They can hear us. They can read our hearts

Following a vocal solo by Sister Ardyth Twitchell, and know that we resolve this day to live exemplary "Bless This House,"President Joseph Fielding Smith lives in order to show by our actions that we are arises to speak. striving to the best of our ability to bring about good-

"This is a great day for Zion—Zion residing in the will among mankind.

British Isles. For a hundred years we have been "More spirit of charity, more spirit of love, less

praying for a building of this kind, a house of the contention and strife, that is the mission of the Church.

Lord where you could come to receive the blessings God help us to resolve to do our part to the best of which could not be received in any other place. our ability in consummating God's purposes."

"Many of you are descendants of fathers and Then follows the dedicatory prayer (please see the mothers who received the gospel in early days, and Editors'Page, page 718) and the hosanna shout led by they had no opportunity to receive the blessings of President McKay. The closing song is the "Hosanna

the exaltation. By that I mean the blessings of marAnthem"by the choir and "The Spirit of God Like a

riage for time and eternity, and receiving of certain Fire Is Burning"by the choir and congregation.

covenants and taking upon them certain obligations We are so touched with the outpouring of the spirit pertaining to the exaltation in the kingdom of God. of God that we reach for our handkerchiefs to wipe

Now that time has come. And the privilege will be away the tears. We wonder who is singing the last

given unto you to receive these grand blessings of verses of the song. Those around us and indeed

exaltation for yourself. It is only in the temple of the most of those we can see facing us are so overcome

Lord where its fulness can be received. that they are finding it difficult to hold back the

"Prepare yourselves by your faith and understandtears. Some are not even trying but are weeping

ing of the gospel to come here humbly, faithfully to unashamedly.

receive the ordinances of the exaltation which will be The closing prayer is offered by Temple President granted unto you."Selvoy Boyer.

Now President McKay is coming to the pulpit. He The services are over, but we are reluctant to leave.

speaks, a little haltingly at first, and it is easy to see It has been a oncein-a-lifetime experience, impressive, his heart is filled to overflowing. The lump in our beautiful, inspirational. We find ourselves wishing

throats enlarges as he says: we could stay for the other sessions, to listen to other

"This is a great day not only for members of the speakers, to hear again the glorious prayer.

Church in Great Britain but for the tens of thousands We try to imagine what the temple is going to of others who are now looking reminiscently upon mean to the people in the mission fields. We rememtheir experiences here before they left, and are recallber that temple endowment sessions begin on Wednesing in sacred memory their ancestors. Members of day morning, and that in the days that follow the

the Church in all parts of the world are centering dream of a lifetime for many of these faithful Saints their thoughts and offering their prayerful wishes will come true.

this day upon you who are assembled this dedication Our thoughts flit quickly from temple to temple:

service."Bern, New Zealand, Hawaii, Los Angeles, Cardston,

He points out that the veil between mortality and Idaho Falls, Mesa, St. George, Manti, Logan, Salt

immortality is very thin and that those on the other Lake. More than ever before we are impressed with

side of the veil, too, are rejoicing on this great occathe importance of temple work, and there wells up sion. within our souls an unmeasurable degree of thank-

"This is the opening of a new era, and we hope fulness to our Father in heaven that we are members and pray a new era of better understanding on the of the Church of Jesus Christ.

784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JOiillips 66 FliteFuel makes the driving

of any car a more pleasurable experience.

With FliteFuel you enjoy exceptional

ease of starting in any weather... smooth and

lively acceleration... economical mileage.

No other gasoline provides the combination

of high performance components that make

FliteFuel the "Aristocrat of Motor Fuels!'

Fill up at your Phillips 66 Service Station.

.

NEW from Beneficial..

Family Package Plan As your family increases, so does your insurance later or legally adopted. Yet you pay no more for

... but the premium stays the same! Here's real your insurance regardless of family additions.

packaged protection... an allin-one policy that Ask about other important benefactor features of this

covers the entire family, including children born new policy—including addon term insurance.

Amount of Insurance Special Features (who needs 1 unit: $5,000 Permanent insurance, with cash value, and double

njinUnU insurancemost 2 units:or$10,000 thePremiumsamountautomaticallyof insurance paidin caseif ofDadaccidentalshould bedeath.perprotection) 3 units: $15,000 manently disabled. For Dads ages 18 through 50.

$1,250 per unit More if Mom is younger than Dad; less if she is

(if same age as Dad) older. MOM

Insured from $500 per CHILDREN unit from age 15 days At age 22, each child may have permanent life in- (including future to 6 months; $1,000 surance up to 5 times the amount of original coverper unit from 6 age, without evidence of insurability.

family additions) months to age 22

One 1owt, easyto-remember premium deposit protects the entire family.

For more information, call your Beneficial man, or use the coupon.

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Beneficial Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Send now for folder giving more complete details about Beneficial's new Family Package Plan. BENEFICIAL LEFE

Name

Street or RFD Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

City Zone—State.