13 3UWEN

para

Vol. XIX July, 1916 No. 9

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Published Monthly by the General Board at Salt Lake City, Utah

Young Men and Young Ladies Reading Course 191617 "The New Testament"—

limp leather 50c Shakespeare's "Hamlet,"net 25c

Shakespeare's "MidSum m e r Nights

Dream,"net 25c Shakespeare's "King Henry VIII,"....... net 25c

Shakespeare's "King Lear,"net 25c Shakespeare's "RomSympathy Is Grateful eo and Juliet net 25c *'Tales ShakeFrom it doesn't But sorrowing. you'reWhen speare,"by Chas. & is full policy insurancepay bills. An Mary Lamb net 60c

of the right sort of sympathy when "Little Women,"by is destroyed. And no propertyyour Louisa Mav Alcott, net $1.35 to secure protection neglect shouldone our Got We give "How a contingency. suchagainst We Bible,"by J. Patterat minof insurance maximumyou the son Smythimum of cost. Let us quote you rates. "Sandy's Pal,"by Gar50c

ner Hunting net $1.25

atHome Fire Insurance Go. of Utah "W ild Animals Home,"by Ernest

Salt Lake City, Utah. 22 Main Street T. Seton net 50c

"Keep Money at Home.'* "Jacob Hamblin,"by

James Little, cloth!..... 50c

Paper 25c "Wild Roses,"a tale of the Rockies, by Howard R. Driggs

(to be published in September) net $1.25

"Under the Country Sky,"by Grace S.

Richmond net $1.25

"Speeches of the Flying Sqvadron."by

Hanley & Stewart, net $1.50

In ordering add postage to books marked net. When one

or more complete sets are ordered we will nay the postage.

set, authorLuxurious Comfort Price of complete ized edition, first price given in

In Southern California and en Route. above list $10.45

$40.00 ROUND TRIP

DAILY, BEGINNING MAY 1st Free To LOS ANGELES including We will give one complete set

SAN DIEGO or SAN FRANCISCO of reading course books to the

LIBERAL LIMITS AND STOPOVERS assoication receivingthe greatest number of points for read-"

Ticket Office ing.

10 E. Third South,

Salt Lake City DESERET NEWS BOOK STORE

J.H.Manderfield, A.S.P.A. The Leading Book Concern

6 Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLE4SE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Lord's Prayer* Thou to the mercyseat our souls doth gather

To do our duty unto Thee Our Father

To whom all praise, all honor should be given

For Thou art the great God Who art in heaven

And by Thy wisdom ruls't the world's whole frame

Forever, therefore Hallowed be Thy name

Let nevermore delay divide us from

Thy glorious grace, but let Thy kingdom come

Let Thy commands be opposed by none,

But Thy good, pleasure and Thy will be done

And let our promptness to obey be even

The very same On earth as 'tis in Heaven

Then for our souls, O Lord, we also pray,

Thou would'st be pleased to Give us this day

The food of life, wherewith our souls are fed

Sufficient raiment and Our daily bread

With every needful thing do You relieve us

And of Thy mercy, pity And forgive us

All our misdeeds for Him whom Thou did'st please

To make an offering for Our trespasses

And for as much, O Lord, as we believe

That Thou wilt pardon us As we forgive

Let that love teach, wherewith Thou dost tell us

To pardon all Those who trespass against us

And though sometimes Thou find'st we have forgot

This love for Thee, yet help And lead us not

Through soul or body's want to desperation

Nor let earth's gain drive us Into temptation

Let not the soul of any true believer

Fail in the time of trial But deliver

Yea, save them from the malice of the devil

And both in life and death, keep Us from evil

Thus pray we, Lord, for that of Thee from whom

This may be had For Thine is the kingdom

This world is of Thy work, its wondrous story... The power and the gloryTo Thee belongs

And all Thy wondrous works have ended never,

But will remain forever and.Forever

Thus we poor creatures would confess again

And thus would say eternally Amen *This beautiful composition was captured during the war at Charleston, S. C. It was printed on heavy satin, July 4,

1823. It was picked up by A. P. Green of Auburn, Ind., at

Corinth, Miss., the morning the rebels evacuated it, May 30,

1862.

From Thorvaldsen's Seasons.

SUMMER "All green and fair the Summer lies,

Just budded from the bud of Spring,

With tender blue of wistful skies,

And wings that softly sing."Susan Coolidge.

"From brightening fields of ether fairdisclosed,

Child of the Sun, refulgent Summer comes.

In pride of youth, and felt through Nature's depth;

lie comes, attended by the sultry hours,

And everfanning breezes, on his way."—J. Thompson.

Improvement Era

Vol. XIX JULY, 1916 No. 9

The Call of the Ages

BY ILA FISHER

God dismissed Adam and Eve from the Garden of Eden with a Father's blessing that all their posterity should share. Men

know this blessing as Work. The divine plan was for men to help

each other; but, knowing they would be prone to work for self

interests only, the Creator has sent vibrating through all the centuries a ceaseless call directing men to the sources of eternal joy, peace, blessedness. Listen! This call of the ages is crying

Life is for Service!

Unfurl Time's roll of honor. Scan the list. On it is not a

sordid soul who lived for self alone; not a selfish one who lived

for self alone; not a selfish one who lived and died and left the

world no better than he found it. No! We revere those who

have devoted their lives to willing help for humanity.

The perfect chart and compass comes from Christ who did not fear to earn his daily bread by humble toil, who willingly lived and died for our redemption, teaching us that service for others makes men's names immortal. The Apostle Paul is accorded a place in history, not because of his marvelous conversion, but because by it he learned to serve his God and fellow

men. Thomas A. Edison is a great man because the fruit of his

toil is for the uplift of humanity.

No special voice allures the workers on to heights of fame.

They do but harken and give heed to the call that comes to every age, to every clime, to every race of men. To no age, no clime,

no race has the call of the ages sounded more piercingly than today in Utah pleading for service.

Our pioneer parents have made this mountain home a garden where seeds of industry and righteousness have been sown. But

these Pioneer gardeners are dead and dying. Weeds of sin and

strife are ripening. Service is needed to keep Utah clean and

strong. We have social problems to master, social wrongs to

766 IMPROVEMENT ERA

right. There are needed industrial improvements in every field of

activity.

The Lord has said, "Blessed be the horny hands of toil."

That men's work might never end, the Creator has made all earthly things subject to change and decay. Our labor on marble

will perish. Our temples will crumble to dust. But there is a

service that links the toil of earth with the progress of heaven.

What we do to make immortal souls happy, to imbue them"with right principles, noble desires, just fear of God and love for felservice will endure through all enternity.low men—such

cold, selfish, absorbing, who chill There are natures—some

and crumble all who meet their touch; others radiant, affluent,

helpful, who enrich by their very presence, whose touch is a healing balm. Such serviceable people are needed, for few hearts

are beating today without a hidden sorrow.

One in a million, once in a lifetime, can do a big heroic deed, but the little things that link this earth to heaven come every hour of every day. Little courtesies, little kindnesses, loving words

and smiles, and wishes, a helping hand to him who is in need—

these are not heralded by noisy fame, but angels record them in the Book of Life. They are food for God's hunger, water for

his thirst; for inasmuch as we have done it unto the least of

these that are his we have done it unto him.

Man is that he might have joy. He achieves the greatest

joy who gives the most to his fellow men. We should be the

happiest of happy people because we have the most to give.

LT ntil the gospel in its fulness has been given to all the kingdoms of the earth, the millennium can not come. Our voices can not

be heard in some foreign lands because of the din and clamor and clash of war. But there are millions of souls nearer home needing the light. Who shall the messengers be? There are souls in

Paradise needing work done on earth. Who shall live worthy

to enter God's temples for them?

is as full of opporWe live in deeds—not years. Our age

tunities as the sky is full of stars. We are reaping the benefit

of the labor of all past ages. Much is given us. Of us much is

expected. Never was an age so full of sin and sorrow, so full

of intricate problems. The world needs lofty dreamers whose

efforts measure praiseworthy results. The world needs workers.

These trying times demand strong minds, brave hearts, willing hands, and much unflinching faith.

What though there be pain and peril in the path of progress?

Humanity must go on! You and I have a part to play. Let us

then be up and doing. We clamor for success. The brow of

him who treads that road is stamped with the seal of Service.

With faith in our own ability, charity for those in need, however heavy our own burdens, we all can live helpfully for one day, and

THE CALL OF THE AGES 767

our whole life is but a day repeated. True, we grow weary of

working for self, much more for others, but unselfish service will teach us virtues that the idle never know. Our or duty—great

small, splendid or find it and perform it faithfully, obscure—if we

will tune our lives into an echo of the life of Christ.

'The leaves of the trees wave and struggle with the elements until new buds push them off. Shall we not serve in our given

sphere? We are here with talents, time and opportunities. Shall

we not improve them as one who must render an account?

Genius, worth, power, are more made than born. Because we

meet with difficulties, shall we sink in discouragement? Or shall

we find our purpose on earth and think, plan, work, live for it?

None are too poor, none are too small, none too feeble to be of service. Come, then, put our strengths together

What an uplift of humanity will follow when all the good works we intend to do are carried out! This is your day and

mine to do our parts. We know we shall not pass again this

way. "But here and now do we do our tasks? Yes, this is the

thing our souls must ask: What have we done today?"

better The voice of the ages is calling—calling to us for

preparation, more efficient service. Hear it, heed it. Let it pensouletrate the hearts of the young, the old, the middleaged—the

of humanity "Say not our day is evil. Who's to blame?

And fold the hands and acquiesce. Oh shame!

Stand up, faint not, work bravely in God's name.

Be strong! "We are not here to play, to dream, to drift,

We have hard work to do and loads to lift.

Shun not the struggle; face it; 'tis God's gift.

Be strong-!"

MEBER, UTAH

The Squanderer

BY ELLA WHEELER WILCOX

God gave him passions, splendid as the sun;

Meant for the lordliest purposes, a part

Of nature's full and fertile mother heart.

From which new systems and new stars are spun.

And now, behold, what he has done!

In Folly's court and carnal Pleasures'mart

He flung the wealth life gave him at the start.

(This, of all mortal sins, the deadliest one.)

At dawn he stood, potential, opulent,

With virile manhood, and emotions keen

And wonderful with God's creative fire.

At noon he stands, with Love's large fortune spent

In petty traffic, unproductive, mean—A pauper, cursed with impotent desire.—Selected.

A-ra

BY ALFRED LAMBOURNE

From whom had she inherited her eyes? They were a wonmiracle was thatder in the land. And her shining hair—what a

Her lithe, slender form was easily accounted for, it was an attraction of the native Indian girls; her mother had once been

possessed of such. But those other beauties. What ancestor

could have given her those abnormal eyes, that hair of ruddy gold?

Students of the laws of heredity are aware of most singular facts. Slight yet subtle traits of character are transmitted from

generation to generation. A glance of the eye, a motion of the

hand, a placing of the foot, a sudden gesture; or a slow, deliberate action, these may be noted passing from father to son, from

mother to daughter. Or it may be some peculiar effect upon the

features, expressive of pleasure or sorrow, or accompanying abstracted thought. The mental qualities which are handed down

in individuals through the ages are no more singular in persistence than are the physical. The most ordinary hereditist soon

gains a knowledge of the downward or omitting process. He

readily discovers nature's power of repose, or rather, for that statement does not express the thought, nature abiding its time,

A-RA 769

its indifference, itsits ever readiness to bring a result,—but

carelessness, if the opportunity presents itself or no—the law

which often makes a human being"resemble a more distant than a nearer relative. He also learns the unpleasant truth, that ordinarily, in fact with few exceptions, nature is the more prone to reproduce the lower traits, mental and physical, than it is the

higher ones. Or should we say, that relapse is more a line of least

resistance than is redemption? And yet we stumble. The ordinary hereditist, we said, is aware of those facts, but the master

becomes cognizant of others. An accumulative and reverse is

sometimes, though rarely, seen. And to such a case the facts

which follow direct our thoughts.

A-ra! A-ra of the violet eyes; A-ra of the golden hair—A-ra,

the wonder! It would seem that there could be no possible connection traced between that name given to the girl by the descendants of the ancient cliffdwellers and the appellation Ra—of

the great sungod of the Nile. No link, surely, and yet the serpent as an emblem of eternity and the winged circle has been

found carved upon the rude places of worship, the ruined kivas: and that name, A-ra, is the Navajo word for the feminine

of light. A wondrous gift, indeed, that child. She had been presented by his Indian wife to the white settler. A-ra, the Navajos

had named her, and that name superseded the one which she was given after her birth. And the Indians repeated over her a

legend of the tribe. There had been an A-ra long ago. Her eyes,

the legend ran, were unlike all others, and upon her head was hair woven from the beams of the sun. She had come from an unknown land, and a great chief of their tribe, had made her his

mate. But that was an event of the past, dim and far away. In

the new A-ra one would never tire of seeing the violet blue that shone in her dusky eyes, nor the gleams of gold in the dusk of her wondrous hair.

II

"Hot as Tophet!"The scriptural phrase will do, although

the men used as a terminal to their ejaculations a much stronger word. It was hot, and the labor of the archaeologist and those

who aided him was arduous, and to the young enthusiast it was an exciting one, too. The sun flared down from a cloudless sky.

Upon the sandstone plateaus of the Cliffdwellers'Land, there was a fiery light. The oose and the yucca threw perpendicular shadows

on the watercurved walls of "The Wash,"and at the noonday hour the rays of the light penetrated to the bottom of the deep and narrow fissure, and the air in the cave, when the men were at their labor, was hot and so were the layers of fine dirtlike sands which covered its floor and which half choked and smothered 770 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the men as they worked. The decorated pottery which they uncovered, the stores of ancient grain, were filled with the heat of

the sun, and so, too, were the weapons of flint which had lain through ages buried there. All was hot. There was a warmth

even in the withered flesh of the gaunt and ancient mummies.

And the men dug, and the eager archaeologist directed; and

outside at the mouth of the cave, Loki, the one time Indian runRUINS OF THE CLIFFDWELLER S PALACE

ner, now the guide, kept watch, and in his heart, perhaps, were an Indian's dislike and fear at thus wantonly disturbing the rest of the dead. And down in "The Wash,"in the shade of the mountain cedars, were the camp and the waiting horses. Riding and

pack horses both, for only they could follow the difficult trail which led across the plateaus into that hidden cleft. And the

horses would bear away whatever the young archaeologist might secure from the caves.

A-RA 771

! Those particolored sandstones of the A wonderful scene

great plateaus had once been the bottom of an ancient sea. The

mineral fronts of the high walls of the fissure were stained with perpendicular bars and fantastic markings of mineral black. And

strangely like to the colors of the walls and the patterns which nature had placed upon them, are the decorated art works of the departed peoples, the potteries which are taken from the caves and the ruined dwellings. In the northern wall of the fissure was the

dark opening of the largest cave, and upon the platform of a projecting ledge before it, were the ruins of a rude palace or a temple; which ever the building might have been, it was the work

of the cliffdwellers who once ruled the land. Small as is the

ruined structure, it recalls, in the simplicity and impressiveness of its lines, the buildings of the kings of Ra. And at the front

of the walls of the wash, and over its edge, were blocks and streams of longcooled lava, for the primal fires as well as the primal waters had share in the forming of those wild features in the desolate scene. And in it all there was a singular harmony of strangeness, those walls of nature's building, the yawning

mouth of the cave, and the ruined palace or temple. And not only

in these, but also in the thoughts suggested, the dead peoples, the extinct fires, and the vanished seas. It all seemed to speak that

one word—death.

. the slope which led to the palace or temple and the Up

mouth of the great cave, what singular processions must once have passed! Up to those broken towers, that opening in the

rock, must have marched the warriors, the whitehaired priests and the darkskinned and blackhaired maidens. Those rocks

have echoed back the shrill songs of ceremonials, the weird chants of lamentation. Perhaps the first A-ra once dwelt in that palace

at the end of her bridal procession. Now all was still, but the

stillness was a stimulant to the imagination. One thought of the

manhole, of the dungeon, cut in solid rock, and of the prisoners who might have rotted there, of the harvest feasts, when the granaries were filled with corn, and of the rituals, when A-ra and the great chief died. One could almost see the struggle of the

warriors and hear the yells of the attack and defiance, and the cries of exultation or despair, when might have been enacted a scene of carnage, some massacre, when the lives of the builders of those now tottering walls, the last of the beauty, the power, the wisdom of the tribe, were brought to an end.

The A-ra, could that have been she? Who else could that

? What had the young archaeologist found? mummy have been

all his toil, Already he had made discoveries which had repaid for but this one was beyond his wildest hope. Strong and powerful

in life, must have been the man whose mummy now lay there finely exhumed upon the sands of the cave; many and big and

772 IMPROVEMENT ERA

wrought were the weapons of flint which had shared his long repose, and let lay by the side of the dead. Rut more wondrous,

surpassing belief, was that other mummy which had been found by the great chief's side. Her body had been clothed with the

greatest of care. Her robe of feathers was of the finest workmanship and the richest colors. Upon her fingers were rings

and upon her wrists were circlets of beaten gold. But these latter

were none of the cliffdwellers'work, for never on any other mummy had their like been found. And a netting made from the

leaf thread of the oose and the yucca, was over the delicate form, and it could yet be seen that the netting also enclosed within its mesh a flood of thick, of long and golden hair.

Ill What was the secret? Are there immutable laws of love?

An answer to this question might tell the cause in the coming of a second A-ra. There is a law which makes the lesser covet

the higher being. The law may be set aside, broken, yet it returns

in greater force. The passion which made that ancient cliffdweller

take the goldenhaired one to be his mate is common unto the race. There is an unconquerable desire, even in the lowest human

beings, to become as those on the highest plane. Beauty is forever worshiped. From the physical, it passes to mental, to spiritual beauty. The living A-ra, the descendant of that A-ra of the

past, was but a strange manifestation of a deathless force. Darker

had become, through a lesser law, in each succeeding generation, the children of that strange chief and the one who had come from an unknown land. At last, the identity of A-ra was lost within the

tribe. But a higher law was suddenly restored. A second A-ra

brought back the first and made its law triumphant.

Yet this is a love thought; we do not tell of the modern A-ra

to hint at the truth of reincarnation, nor an exceptional wonder in the law of heredity. We repeat a heart tale.

What were the emotions of that first A-ra when she became the bride of a savage chief? As the mate of that ancient cliffdweller, did she pass her days hopelessly sighing for her native

land? That we may not know. But she had surely dwelt in that

crude palace at the mouth of the great cave and had afterwards been placed in the cave itself as the cliffdwellers leave their dead.

Was her blood of the Norse, or was she a Greek? That golden

hair might have come from either race. Again we may not know.

We cannot guess from whence she came, or how. But this we

side of that ofknow—there lay that goldenhaired mummy by the

the savage chief, and for many ages she had been there. The

mystery of her coming, and from what land, must forever remain unsolved. We will tell of the later A-ra.

To a girl born and reared in the semidesert, the daughter of

A-RA 773

a cattleman and his Indian wife, that handsome young archaeologist was almost as a god. When he appeared at the door of her

father's cabin, the heart of A-ra was lost. But the heart of

the stranger was not won. Romance should have made him who

uncovered the remains of the first A-ra, in love with the second.

But this is a bit of truth. Be the girl the greatest of wonders

among the settlers and the Indian tribe, yet the heart of the student of ethnology, the young enthusiast in archaeology, remained his own. The wonder of A-ra's birth he would repeat, yet he

would never know that through love of him her love would be a waste. His splendid "find"absorbed the attention and thought of

the fortunate man. Fortunate in his quest of the dead, but indifferent to an unknown love of the living.

After the passing of the thousands of years, one can yet imagine the surprise and adoration with which the old cliffdweller might have looked upon the beauty of his wondrous prize.

Perhaps the swift runners of the chief had climbed up the steep slope to the door of the palace that stood on the ledge by the burial cave. It might have been that they received a rich reward when

they announced to the cliffdwellers the capture of the one with the eyes of the sky and the sunbeam hair. But no swift runner

had brought tidings to the second A-ra of the coming of one who should steal away her peace and her love. The goldenhaired

mummy was carefully packed and soon on its way to the East.

It would not be long before it would be an object of interest in a great museum. Ticketed, numbered, it would be enclosed in a

glass case for thousands to look upon. But the second A-ra? She

watched with passionate sobbing, with tearstained face, the young archaeologist as he rode away, vanishing in the summer haze across the sunburnt mesas.

Notable "Hike"on the Great Colorado Plateau

By the M. I. A. Scouts of St. Johns, Arizona

Fifteen of the boys, with George H. Crosby, Jr., stake superintendent, took a "hike"in June, 1915, and are shown in the

photograph. Others joined the "hike"at Eagar. The company

altogether traveled 161 miles. They found miles—walked 152

91 new plants, 17 new rocks, 14 natural curiosities; visited 4

towns, 16 ranches, 12 creeks and 24 other geographical places.

They met and interviewed 21 intelligent people, saw 11 very attractive homes, took lessons in good road building, cattle raising, sheep raising, forestry, fire protection, and dryfarming.

Fourteen boys learned much of camp cooking. The company

saw 5 reservoirs, 48 extinct volcanoes, 8 extinct geysers and one sheepshearing camp. They caught 324 trout, saw 9 sheep herds,

9 Mexican ranch homes, and 8 Indian ruins. They traced the

course of three ancient Aztec canals, and traveled or camped in timbered mountains six out of the eleven days they were upon their journey from June 18 to June 28, inclusive. They saw 11

picturesque canyons, one flock of wild turkeys, and 23 birds.

1 porcupine and saw 12 otherThey captured 2 prairie dogs and wild animals, also bear tracks, deer tracks, etc., and altogether

had a most excellent educational trip—one that taught them the

value of keen observation, and the natural marvels of the great

Colorado plateau over which they traveled.

ROOSEVELT M. I. A. SCOUTS

Top—On horseback, ready to leave for the hike. Center—Climbing a mountain. The scouts are walking and leading their horses as

an act of kindness to the animals.

river. finishing after lunch of the the banKs Uintah on

of in the the wards. success In some, howBottom—Justare having good in some work "We

ever, we have not been able to get officers,"writes Supt. Clarence Johnson of Duchesne

stake. Since last September he has traveled over 1,200 miles in that stake, in the interests of M. I. A. work. They have organizations in seven wards, all of which are doing

good work. Thirtyfour boys of the Roosevelt ward went along in the hike above explained. The boy scouts of the Bennett ward joined in the bear dance, in which the

boys took a turn with the Indians, and enjoyed it very much. Scout Masters are

Depriest of Roosevelt, and Wellman, of Bennett.

Tatmb* -. *.

i JL,. f4\B F?*V-..A iBBUi* "*...AL--s,1 /H II V it ""jpPm

9 CJMj iV jiikifi nff * Br* *

PVM...

<* HB'<'sa RECEPTION OF THE PRINCE OF WALES AT PORT SAID

An Incident of Travel

BY F. E. BARKER

I stood at the point in Port Said, Egypt, where the Suez

Canal enters the Mediterranean, gazing at the magnificent statue of Ferdinand De Lesseps, the genius and builder of the great canal. Suddenly I was accosted by the voice of some person on

the opposite side of the boulevard. There was no mistaking it

T was recognized. In the party addressing me, I saw the troubled

expression of a man past middle age, sprawled out in a resting but woebegone attitude. On closer inspection I discerned the

features of one of those typical old Syrians we had seen about the Holy Land. He bore the impression of having been greatly

misused, and his first words were: "I been sheated, I been

Backarat. I t'ink you heated! My name be Backarat—Isaac

I been sheated! I know Dr. Robison—O

been sheated!"His modulation and also

his twang were very peculiar.

I could not help wondering at the salutation. What did it mean? Did he think I

had cheated him? I had been led to think

before I arrived at that point that one would do well if he made such a trip as I was taking without being cheated in some way. But I am going to stop here and tell

you a few facts which will bring together

Ferdinand De Lesseps the parts of my story.

Some days prior to the above happening our little party of three returning missionaries, in the course of our roundthe-

AN INCIDENT OF TRAVEL 111

world trip, were proceeding on board a Russian steamer from

Alexandria to Jaffa, the ancient Joppa and the sea port constituting the gateway to Palestine. We had shared each other's company in travel by sea and land for many weeks, and after a few

more days together, to be spent in the Holy Land, we were to separate, and I would have to pursue the rest of my journey alone.

It was very early in the morning. I had gone, the first of

our party, upon deck,.'and by the first beams of the rising sun

could see the glittering spires and rounded roofs of the city of

Jaffa. I was startled by the voice (so strange in those parts) of

one who could speak good English. It came addressing me very

courteously, announcing that the speaker was an Englishman of liberal culture and means, and an officer in the service of the

Egyptian government under the English regime, and was then taking his vacation, which he expected to spend to the extent of six weeks or more in the Holy Land. He said his intention was

to go right up to a certain hospice, the Carsinova, just outside the walls of the City of Jerusalem, and present his credentials, when he would be furnished, entirely free to him, with everything he desired for a most extensive and enjoyable trip through Palestine and Syria, and that he could just as well take along a companion of his own choosing without any expense to either. He said he

had picked me out as soon as he saw me as being a very desirable person to accompany him, and he was very solicitous that I would accept his rare offer. All the details seemed to be most fitting for

my purpose at that time, and the whole looked nothing less than providential. I promised him an answer within an hour, which

would be before disembarking at Jaffa. He had handed me his

card, which bore the name of Charles Helfield, M. B. This I

took down to my companions, and asked their advice. The proposition, they said, looked very fine upon its face, but as to the

genuineness of the character described, not having seen him, they could not conjecture. After retiring and spending a few moments privately in supplicating the Throne of Grace for divine

guidance, I set out, announcing that I was going to arrive at a conclusion after a very brief investigation. I had noticed, and

remarked, that the gentleman's card was apparently in his own handwriting, not printed or engraved, which gave it an air of cheapness. I also observed that he was found so early on deck,

in the midst of Arabs and other orientals who had spent the night under the open canopy of heaven, and during our voyage of several days'duration we had not once seen him at the dining table in the ship's cabin. I approached one of.the ship's officers, and

asked him if he knew the gentleman whose card I exhibited.

"Why,"said he, "that is the fellow who applied yesterday for work. I am engaged in the government service, but I never

heard of his being employed in any capacity by the Egyptian or

FOUNTAIN OF MOSES, SUEZ the English government."My conclusion was formed at once,

and when Mr. Helfield appeared he got a straight refusal.

I heard no more of Mr. Helfield until upon our return to

Port Said I met Mr. Backarat, as I have described. From this

typically shrewd old Syrian dragoman, I learned that he (Mr.

Backarat) was at Jaffa when our party had disembarked for

Jerusalem, and had been approached by a certain Dr. Robison,

who enlisted his services as one of the dragomen or professional guides of the country. That this Dr. Robison had told him a

beautiful story, got him to advance means to pay the doctor's transportation, Jaffa to Jerusalem, second class, which was worse than any third class I had ever seen on any railway before. That

the doctor had applied at one of those fine, charitable institutions just without the walls of the Holy City, and on presenting his papers was immediately admitted and cared for. This, however, had not prevented his first putting up his story to his

dragoman, that he, the doctor, had large deposits of money at

Beirut and also at Cairo, but was just then temporarily short of funds. The dragoman loaned him what he seemed to need.

Presently a message came to Mr. Backarat from the doctor.

They met again, and soon a bargain was closed for the dragoman to conduct a party of thirty people over a long trip covering

Bethlehem, Jericho, Hebron, Galilee, Nazareth, Damascus, Beirut, etc. For this expedition the dragoman proceeded to arrange all

preliminaries, meanwhile making the necessary advances for hire of mules, camels, attendants and the most complete and modern eouipment. Then came another message, responding to which

the dragoman was told that the doctor needed at once fourteen pounds in ready money, and that the dragoman should bear a telegraphic order on Damascus for the amount. The dragoman

advanced the money, despite a hardship it entailed upon his family, and sent off the message. Within another day or two he

AN INCIDENT OF TRAVEL 779

was called to dine sumptuously at the consulate at Jerusalem, with great dignitaries, which he did, never surmising that it was all at his own expense. Soon after he was sent for by the doctor

and entreated to go down to Suez, a distance of several hundred miles by land and sea, to meet the doctor's party and bring up his baggage. The dragoman responded, at his own expense, and

it was when he reached Alexandria, in the course of this journey, that his suspicions were first aroused.

Then he went at once to the British consulate. He learned

that the consul knew the doctor described, and said: "Why, yes,

he is a thief, an embezzler, who has been scarce a fortnight out of jail."The consul at once dispatched a message, requesting

the immediate arrest of the doctor. When this was being sent, the

dragoman found a telegram had arrived for himself, dated at

Jerusalem and reading: "Proceed quick through Alexandria,

awaiting letter Suez."Next the dragoman learned that the

consul had received a wire from Beirut, saying the doctor had left the country, having sailed from Beirut just the day before.

During the conversation, in which Mr. Backarat detailed

these facts to me about his own experience, he showed me, among other papers, an "I O U"from Dr. Robison for fourteen pounds,

several telegraphic orders for money, upon which nothing could be realized, and some highsounding letters of recommendation, and assured me by the strongest kind of evidence that he was the loser to the extent of not less than sixty pounds ($300), besides lu's time, trouble, and further outstanding obligations for which he was responsible, all through this same Dr. Robison. He told

me he was a Christian, living at Jerusalem, and had a large family to support.

I was already certain in my own mind of the identity of the "doctor,"but now I verified my conclusion by a few well directed interrogatories which Mr. Backarat answered in a saddened

whine between his sobs. The Dr. Robison was no other than the

gentlemanly Charles Helfield, M. B., who had so courteously made

the proposition of pleasure and travel throughout the Holy Land, to the heart's full desire and without expense, to your humble servant.

VIEW OF PORT SAID

THE GREAT BLUE HERON

Outlines for Scout Workers

BY D. W. PARRATT, B. S.

XI—THE GREAT BLUE HERON

Grotesque and tall, he stands erect,

Where the reedriffle swirls and gleams,

Grave, melancholy, circumspect

A hermit of the streams.

Ernest McGaffey.

1. Why are herons so called? Why is ours called a blue heron?

Why a great blue heron?

2. What are the distinguishing marks of a true heron?

3. Upon what does the great blue heron subsist? Explain how

it is fitted to procure its food.

4. In what ways does this bird make use of the "safety first"

principle? 5. At one time he served as a "weather prophet."In what way

6. Tell of his size, colors, and song.

7. Describe the great blue herons'mating dance.

OUTLINES FOR SCOUT WORKERS 781

8. Where and of what are the nests usually made?

9. Tell of the color, number, and size of eggs.

10. Should this beautiful bird be protected? Give at least two

reasons for your answer.

HANDY MATERIAL

Of all clean birds ye shall eat.

But these are they of which ye shall not eat; the eagle, and th?

ossifrage, and the ospray.

And the stork, and the heron after her kind, and the lapwing andthe bat.—-Deuteronomy, 14.

Many birds have been named in imitation of the sounds thev produce. The black crow squawks, "crow, crow;"the wise owl

says, "ow-1, ow-1;"the cheery bobwhite calls, "bobwhite, bobwhite;"the little chickadee chirps, "chick-a-dee, chick-a-dee;"

?nd so on with many others. In all probability the herons secured their name in similar fashion, for the word, heron, bears

a striking likeness to the harsh cry uttered by these lanky birds.

Of the herons found in the United States, the best known are the snowy, blackcrowned night, green, an 1 the blue.

There are two blue herons and both are named from their predominating ashyblue feathers. One inhabits the warm regions

of the southern states and the other is found scattered quite generally throughout our entire country and also in the warmer parts of Canada. The former measures from twentytwo to twentysix

inches in length while the latter is ordinarily about twice that long. To distinguish them apart, the southern bird is named

the little blue while the other is called the great blue heron. Indeed, the great blue is not only the larger of these two, but the

largest of all herons found in the United States.

These and kindred birds have long, loose plumage, and among their ordinary feathers are patches of fine, downy feathers whose frayed tips break into a powder and disappear. The various

groups are distinguished one from another by the number of these peculiar powderdown patches. There are three of such

on the great blue and other real herons.

The great blue heron, often but erroneously called the blue crane or sandhill crane, is common to various partsof Utah.

He is usually seen standing perfectly still in shallow water awaiting the appearance of some fish or other object with which to appease his voracious appetite. His choicest morsel is small fish,

but he is very fond of frogs, crayfish, field mice, little snakes, and various sorts of insects. His quick eye, his easy, graceful

walk, and his long toes, legs, neck, and bill fit him perfectly for wading and fishing, and in consequence as a fisherman he ranks among the most skilful. Seldom, indeed, does a detected fish

escape the quick thrust of his long bill. On coming from the

782 IMPROVEMENT ERA

water the fish is invariably clutched crosswise in the bill, but with an interesting, dexterous twirl the heron throws his victim into the air and then catches and swallows it, head first, in a manner surpassing the feat of any alert juggler.

When hunger is satisfied, the wary fisherman makes for the shore or bank and there usually rests in the shadow of some quiet reeds, bush, or tree. With neck retracted and head resting between shoulders, he stands like a solitary statue in his chosen place

of seclusion. His motionless position together with sober colors

blending so admirably with those of his surroundings render him so difficult to detect that even the most practiced eye often misses him.

In case of sudden disturbance by an unexpected gunner, the motionless bird immediately changes to one of intense action.

With but little ceremony he disgorges his heavy meal, utters a harsh, squawking cry, and flaps into the air. Under such conditions a frightened heron has been known to disgorge as many as

ten goodsized fishes. When we consider the weight of these in

comparison with that of the heron's four or five pound body we readily see the advantage in thus unloading before attempting the hurried flight. With the heron, as with most other birds, "it is

"safety first,"meals and the like are an after consideration.

The great blue heron's flight is graceful and stately. While

in air, his head, neck, body, and legs are held in a straight line and his broad wings, with easy flaps, give a speed that "seems the effect of magic."

In olden days, people quite generally held to the notion that if the heron's flight was noticeably upstream stormy weather was sure to follow, but if he traveled in the opposite direction the weather was bound to be fair. Even today many country folk of

our eastern and southern states cling to this tradition notwithstanding the fact that observing men have long since demonstrated that the ordinary foodgetting flights of these birds have nothing whatever to do with the functions of our weather bureau.

This picturesque heron stands three feet high and his slender legs appear hardly sufficient to support his seemingly bulky body.

But as already suggested, his body is in reality very light, though covered with a loose coat of somewhat lengthy feathers which give it the appearance of having considerable weight.

The feathers covering his back and wings are of a beautiful bluishgray color, while those of his under parts are white with blackish markings. The shoulder feathers are somber black with

streaks of cheery white, and those covering his sinewy thighs as well as edging his broad wings are of a pleasing cinnamon brown.

Those of the neck are buffy blue and of the head almost pure white. Through this white, two interestingstreaks of black pass

from bill backward, one along each side of the head, and meet in

OUTLINES FOR SCOUT WORKERS 783

a long, slender, decorative plume pointing gracefully towards the bird's back.

As with most other birds, the male heron is somewhat larger than the female and during the mating season his markings are more pronounced and his coloring more beautiful than are those of the "gentler sex."During this season, the males seem very

proud of their charming attire and resort to various schemes to show off before the lady birds. A common practice they have

is to induce the females to join in flight to some secluded spot where all form a ring ready for a peculiar "folk dance."Each

male bird, in his turn, enters the circle and does his level best to please the lady spectators. He side steps, skips, flaps his wings,

:tirves his neck, and executes all sorts of fancy maneuvers "while

the lady birds express their approval by deep croaks, something like a bullfrog's, and the envious cocks keep up a running fire of remarks in the rasping tones of a horsefiddle."Only one

performer dances at a time. When through with his comical

antics, he retires to the ring and is followed by the next. This is

kept up until every male has "displayed his accomplishments and good looks before the lady birds,"after which, of course, the delighted females are in much better position to select their desired mates. It is needless to say the fellows making the "greatest hit"become the "ladies'men"and find matchmaking with

coveted females a comparatively easy matter.

The great, flat, bulky nests made of sticks and lined with reeds and grasses are ordinarily built in high trees along streams or back in isolated swamps. The tree nests are in the highest

branches and often number as many as ten or twelve to the tree.

However, in treeless localities such as Bird Island, the heron adapts himself to circumstances and builds its nest upon the ground in the sparse shade afforded by sagebrush, greasewood, or the like. From three to five beautiful greenishblue eggs make a

sitting.

The heron's fondness for fish and his marked ability as a fisherman have prevented protective legislation for him, but recent study is tending to the conclusion that the good he does as a field mouser at least offsets the little harm, if any, he does to our fish industry. His solitary presence and familiar kerawk

add to the charms of our desert streams and lakes. He is a bird

of the poet and the historian and his welcome appearance seems to put one in sympathetic touch with remote places and great men of past ages. So let us do what we can to protect him for

the enjoyment of future generations.

The Utah Pioneers

Sweep thou the harp, O Muse of Deseret,

Strike loud and clear, nor ever once forget

To hail with music and repeated cheers

That noble band, the Utah Pioneers.

Perceive them fleeing from their loved Nauvoo,

Turn, on the hills, their ruined homes to view;

Face, with fast purpose, the wild wilderness,

Their old and sick with tender care caress.

But dwell not on their pains and wrongs too free;

These came to give them strength and liberty

They stretched their cities o'er the dreary plain,

Toiled, built,—for work relieves the troubled brain.

Nor yet forgot the simpler, rural sports:

Song, dance, the looks that twine the youthful hearts;

Here love and virtue found congenial room,

The flowers of home, that made their deserts bloom.

The good All Father, as they knelt to pray,

Was ever worshiped on their pilgrim way.

Death scored his triumphs 'mongst the young and old

With graves unmarked upon the desert mould.

Hail to these dead, among that noble band,

Sing sweet their requiem in the promised land.

And tune the harp to that selected band,

With Brigham, leader, mouth, and guiding hand;

A statesman stern, yet husband, father mild,

Commander great, yet playful as a child.

A oerfect reader of the human mind,

Who gave to each as each deserved in kind;

Exposed deep truths that built the sovereign state,

Then taught men how to plant and irrigate.

Told how to live, adjusted faults that rise,

Then turned to wrest rare wisdom from the skies.

Such was the leader of the pioneers,

Whose name grows greater with advancing years.

for their special worth,His men—selected

To conquer trouble and subdue the earth,

To found a home in the untrodden West,

To gain their freedom, and their loved ones rest,

Their mission finished,—did their work and well,

tell.How truly perfect, let our comfort

THE UTAH PIONEERS 785

Like some lifegiving stream, by unseen hand,

They passed the plains to touch the desert sand;

To quench the drought of centuries; the gloom

Of thirsty wastes, to give to life and bloom.

The God of peace their plodding footsteps 'tend,

As westward still their conquering course they bend;

Behind lie plains, streams, rocks, bluffs, daily care,

Before, the hope that every soul would share:

The hope of rest, and dream of home,—the oil

That soothes the sores of overburdened toil.

Deep in the defiles of the rugged hills,

They swing the ax, and drink from cooling rills.

Sounds of new life which snowcapped peaks retell

Burst on the stillness of the sleeping dell.

"The van of civilization's westward sweep"

Has waked the desert from its troubled sleep.

The pentup feelings of the Pioneers

Find sight in vision, and a voice in cheers;

From peak to peak their echoed voices ring,

Till stream and lake their happy chorus sing.

They see the dawning of an era new,

Whose rising light shines on their startled view:

The wild man, wolf, the coyote and the snake,

Yield us the room our lasting homes to make.

See hamlets, towns and greater cities rise,

With schools and temples towering to the skies.

These chambered vales abound with busy marts;

Here music lives with all her kindred arts.

Vales, lakes, and hills, their hidden treasures give;

See legions thrive, where men said none could live.

The vision closed, but many prospects seen

Are realized through years that intervene.

We view the labors of these many years

With their results, their turmoils, strifes and tears,

But over all, our heroes'virtues please

Like sunset glories on our inland seas:

True courage, honest work, and faith in God;

Add then to these, the path of duty trod:

Works which the children of the newborn state

May cherish in their lives, and emulate.

So shall our course still on and upward be,

As rolling years repeat our Jubilee.

Edward H. Anderson

The mercury had risen to the vicinity of the proverbial "ninety the shade"when Frederick West and Will Richards merged from the little, onehorse post cffice each bearing a readdressed letter in his hand. Smiles

wreathed their hot, perspiring faces as they walked down the road impatiently tearing the ends from the envelopes.

"It's a letter from home,"Will said, as he glanced once more at the address. "Mother's writing, sure."

"Mine, too, comes from home, but it isn't mother's writing,"

West replied, as he drew the neatly folded letter from its linen envelope.

They were elders—of course, you guessed the moment the

then, I wished to make doubly sure that you knew posttioned,—butoffice, the readdressed letters, and the temperature, were menthese boys. That they were elders you would have guessed had

you seen them, just as the aged postmaster did when he handed out those two telltale letters. The elders wore the regulation garb

which was also an index to their occupation, but they wore that garb in such different ways that one might not have noticed that their clothing was at all alike. Frederick West was tall and

slim and straight, and had a sort of thoroughbred atmosphere about him. He was good looking, as neat as a long walk on a

hot day would permit the most fastidious to be, and wore glasses.

He was young, city bred, and educated. His companion was almost

his antonym in all these things, except that he, too, was young.

Will Richards was not city bred, was not educated—in the booknot good looking, and that "thoroughbreds"eversense,—was

existed would not have been suggested by his gait. Somehow his

clothes, though substantial, seemed to be out of joint somewhere.

Besides, his derby hat was pushed back on his forehead in a manner that suggested maplecovered foothills and endless miles of sagecovered flats, open air, freedom. His hair was light,

luxuriant, as it swept away from his tanned and somswhat freckled face in damp, glistening waves. His eyes were blue, and around

them were tiny suggestions of myriads of laughing wrinkles which aided somewhat in redeeming the rather homely face. Fastidious

EIGHT DOLLARS'WORTH 787

was not in Will's vocabulary, to the great mortification of his more careful companion.

"Glory, glory,"Will cried out, as he drew his letter from the envelope, "here's a real, live, fullblooded ten spot! Surely the

ravens came in the hour of my extermity. Now I can have a pair

of trousers and will not have to depend so much upon a bounteous coat tail for protection."

He held the greenback up before the eyes of his companion.

"Good for you,"Frederick replied, as he glanced down at the well worn trousers of his friend. "I believe you do need a new

pair rather badly."

"It is from mother,"Will replied, as he glanced up from the written page, an added glisten in his eyes. "She says she

earned that money all herself by doing some washing for a gang of men who are surveying near home. It's almost like the water

from Jacob's well. What ought a man not do for his mother!"

He resumed his reading and the two walked slowly down the shall Iroad, side by side, the Thoroughbred say—the and—what

Belgian.

The sun was almost down when they drew near to their destination. The day had been extremely warm and they had

walked far. The clang of the bells and the screech of the whistles

in the railroad yards were plainly audible, although the muddy waters of the mighty Missouri rolled between them and the city.

As they reached the stream they could see far out near the middle of the railroad bridge a man sitting on the projecting ties.

"I wonder if we can cross this bridge? There's a man wav

out there. If he can, we can. It would save us nearly a mile's

walk,"Richards said, as he started out upon the bridge.

"What if a train should come along while we are out in the middle?"West asked, pausing where the good old earth cease 1

to reach up through the ties.

"Oh, we could lie down beside the rails and would not get hurt. Come on, let's cross it. What do you say?"

"All right,'go ahead,"his companion answered, "a mile looks big to me tonight."

They started out, picking their way carefully over the ties, the muddy water far, far below surging and swirling underneath the bridge.

"Ticklish job, this,"Richards suggested as he glanced back at his companion who was exercising great care in his choice of steps. "I should say as much. I can feel a sort of dizziness now,"

West replied. "The water down there reminds me of a laughing, gloating shark that is about to grab one. I'm glad these ties

are so close together."

As they approached the figure on the bridge they could see 788 IMPROVEMENT ERA

that it was a man sitting dejectedly near its edge. As they drew

closer they could see that he was ragged and dirty, a typical boxcar tourist. He sat looking down at the waters as if fascinated.

As they passed on their tedious journey he looked up for a moment, his bleary, discouraged eyes deadened with dissipation.

The two elders looked at him closely. He seemed so forlorn, so low, so worthless, as he sat hunched over on the ties.

However, there was something wistful, something sad in his face as he watched the vigorous, clean young men pass. Once he impulsively half extended his hand, then let it drop dejectedly at his

side as he turned back to the river with a gesture of despair.

When the elders had gone a short distance, Richards stopped and waited for his companion to catch up.

"Poor kid,"he said compassionately. "Looked awfully discouraged, didn't he?"

"Oh, he's drunk. He'll soon be all right."

"Yes, he's sure drunk. Poor kid.—Isn't over twenty, is he?"

"I think not,"West replied, as he took up his labored walk once more. "We'd better be getting across this bridge before a train comes."

"I wonder if we could help that fellow,"Will said, as he stood looking back at the stranger. "I'm afraid he'll get run

over if he stays there."

"Never fear,"the city man answered, "can't kill such as he;

besides, I don't know that he would be missed much. Come

along.""You can never tell how much he'd be missed. Why, he's only

a kid, like each of us."He remembered the letter tucked away in

his inside pocket with that precious tendollar bill, a feeble expression of a mother's undying love, wrapped in it. "Maybe he

has a mother and father somewhere who are missing him, right now. I'm going back and see if I can't get him off of this dangerous bridge,"

"Pshaw, he won't come; he's a drunk. Don't be so sentimental,"West called back over his shoulder, never slacking his

pace as he made for solid ground and safety.

Richards walked back and gently touched the ragged man on the shoulder, "I beg pardon, sir,"he said politely, "but you seem to be in trouble. Can I help you?"

It was a frank, boyish offer of good fellowship straight from a frank, boyish heart.

"No,"the other replied shortly and somewhat thickly.

. "It's rather dangerous to remain here. A train might come

along any moment and there is none too much room. Won't you

come with me? I'll help you."

The stranger turned and looked at the young westerner for a moment in sodden surprise. Richards was more determined than

EIGHT DOLLARS'WORTH 789

ever to get the fellow safely off from the bridge, for he could see that he was younger than he at first thought, not over eighteen and there was something about the lad that distinguished him from the ordinary tramp. He was not by birth a "low brow"at any

rate. As he looked into the somewhat bloated face of the youngster the tears began to trickle down the grimy cheeks.

"Go wan,"the forlorn one commanded in a tearchoked, drunken voice, "I don't need no help."

"But you might get run over by the train, or you might fall off the bridge."

"What if I should?"the other replied sullenly, as he resumed

his original attitude. "Nobody'd care, not even me."

"Oh, yes, somebody would care,"Richard replied coaxingly.

hoping to touch the liquorsoaked brain in some way. "Your

mother, too, what of her? Don't you think she'd care? She's

probably wondering where you are right now."

At the mention of his mother the lad leaned his head against his ragged arm as his body shook with sobs.

"That's just it. That's why I'm out here,"he replied, brokenly, "I'm not fit to be wondered about; look at me."

He turned and faced the young elder.

"Look at me,"he reiterated, "what mother would want me?

I'm a disgrace to her and to myself. I came out here to end it

all. I was just ready to jump off when you came along so I

waited until you passed. Now, go on and leave me. You see

danger is what I'm looking for."

"You have a mother, then?"Richards asked, catching at the

one thing that might succeed in winning this lost sheep away from himself. "Where does she live?"

"She lives up north."

"Why not go back to her?"pleadingly.

"Like this? No. I love my mother, stranger; my, but she's

been good to me all my life. She used to be proud of me, too,

before I came to this accursed city. No, I couldn't go back like

this,"he added brokenly, "it would break her heart."

"But suppose, friend, you carry out your intentions. What

of your dear, old mother then? If they find your body and she

hears of your awful death, do you think she will be pleased?

Her son a suicide! The boy whom she had loved and nurtured

for so many years, a coward, a disgrace! And if they do not find

you, think of the heart aches, the sorrow of all those coming years while she is waiting for your return, wondering where you can be, and why you have neglected her so. Surely von could not be so

cruel.""What can I do? I can't go back like this, I cannot remain in

this accursed place."

"Where is your home?"

790 IMPROVEMENT ERA

St. Paul, Minnesota.""Way up in Minnesota,—

"You come with me, I have a little money. You go home

to your mother."

"I can't. I could not disgrace her so. She would be ashamed

of me.""You're mistaken. Your mother would welcome you with

outstretched arms. There is no depth so low that cannot be

reached by a mother's love. Come on."

He gently took the lad by the arm and half led him along the bridge. When they reached the shore, they found Elder West

waiting for them. West looked at the ragged lad in illconcealed

disgust, then he turned to his companion, a look of inquiry in his dark eyes. "I'm going with this boy to the station to see him off. He's

going home,"Richards said, answering the other's look.

"Well, I'll meet you at the palace, then,"West replied, as he started to walk away, "I don't believe it is necessary for me to see your friend off."

Richards attempted to cheer his companion as they walked along in the direction of the station. The lad was dejected, altogether miserable, and sick. But what was worse he could not

but see the look of pain in his mother's eyes when she should see hi"- condition. His selfrespect was almost nil.

As they entered the business section of the city, Richards said, "Now, we'll find a restaurant, clean up a bit and have a good dinner, after which we'll go to the station and get your ticket."

It was dark when the two entered the union station. The

strange lad was almost a new creature. His face was clean, his

clothes were brushed, and his eyes, though somewhat bloodshot, were steady and almost clear.

Richards stepped up to the agent's office and asked for a ticket to St. Paul, Minnesota."

"How much?"he asked, as the agent stamped the ticket.

"Eight dollars."

Richards handed over the change.

"Here you are,"he said as he gave the stranger the ticket.

"This will take you home."

The lad grasped the elder's hand warmly, "God bless you,"he said, huskily, "I never can thank you for what you have done for me. I hope we shall meet again."

"I hope so,"Richards answered. "Kiss your mother for me.

You be good to her. Here's the train."

"Goodbye,"the stranger said earnestly, as he shook his benefactor's hand once more.

"Goodbye,"Richards called, as the lad entered the train.

When the last car was lost in the darkness and only the red

EIGHT DOLLARS'WORTH 791

signal lights looked back at him, the elder turned to seek his companion.

It was nearly ten o'clock when he found the rooming house where they were to meet. Elder West was sitting by the dresser

writing when he entered. He looked up from his paper with a

smile on his face.

"Well, Elder Richards, what did your experience cost you?"

lie asked, sarcastically.

"About eight dollars,"Will answered.

"Expensive, wasn't it? I'm surprised that you would allow

yourself to be caught by a tramp in that fashion."

"He wasn't an ordinary tramp. W'y he was only a kid, and

I felt sorry for him."

"Do you think you got your eight dollars'worth of satisfaction? What about those new trousers now?"

"Can't have them,"Will replied ruefully, "I'll have to have a tailor fix these up tomorrow. I suppose he'll have a pair I can

slip on while he does it."

"Willie, you're a lamb,"his companion bantered. "That was

a. nice little fleece that our friend of the boxcar relieved you of.

I think I'll go to bed."

Richards opened his grip and took out his writing material, and before retiring wrote a letter to his mother.

"Dear Mother: I received that long, precious greenback today,

also the sweet letter that came with it. Do you know, mother dear,

a letter from you is better than a full meal to me. I devour it bodily

—-Oh, not the paper and ink, you know, just the tender words. Don't

you know, when I read of how you obtained that greenback I just couldn't see the page for a such a dear, dear mother moment—you're I thought of David of old when his friends brought him his long

desired water at such a great risk, such toil and sacrifice on their part, and I almost felt as David did. The money was not really ten dollars—it was far more precious. It was the outward expression of a

great love.

"I suppose you'll think me very foolish when I tell you that I gave nearly all of it away, but I hope you won't think me ungrateful or unappreciative, I saw a young fellow on a railroad bridge. He

looked so forlorn, so dejected, and discouraged that I got him to go to the station with me, and I bought him a ticket and sent him home to his mother. The ticket cost eight dollars. My companion asked

me if I got my money's worth. What do you think?

"I needed a pair of trousers rather badly, but I couldn't bear the thought of spending that money on such ordinary things as trousers, anyway. I'll have my old ones mended; they'll last me a long time

yet. "I hope you'll understand, mother dear, goodnight.

"Your loving son, "Will."

Three months'later Elder Richards was transferred to a conference away up in Minnesota. He was growing in faith and

792 IMPROVEMENT ERA

power day by day. His great heart and his earnest desire to help

all humanity had made him one of the best elders in the field. The

bigness of his own dear mountains was in his soul.

One night he and his new companion selected a favorable corner in St. Paul and held a rousing street meeting. Nearly

four hundred people assembled and listened respectfully to the words of truth that fell from the young elder's lips.

Elder Richards spoke last. His earnestness and his natural

eloquence touched the hearts of those who listened. After the

dismissal of the meeting several men gathered around the elders and shook them cordially by the hands. Elder Richards was preparing to leave the corner when a well dressed young fellow

elbowed his way through the crowd and seized his hand.

"Oh, I'm glad to see you!"he exclaimed heartily, his face

working with emotion. "I've been praying that you would come

here.""Young man, I'm glad to meet you,"Richards replied, "but really you have the advantage of me. I think we have never met

before.""Oh, yes, we have,"the other answered, smiling. "Don't

you remember meeting a ragged tramp on a bridge spanning the

Missouri?""Yes, I do remember such an incident."

"I am that man. You come with me. My old mother has been

praying that some day she might meet you face to face. I told

her all, you see. I have never taken a drop of liquor since that

day. Come on, there's a welcome waiting for you out home such

as you have not had for years."

"Isn't it too late to go out tonight?"Richards asked as he

looked at his watch. "It's nearly nine, you see."

"Not at all, not at all,"the other cried, heartily. "It can not

be too late nor too early. Come on, and you and your companion

may stay with us all night."

It was nearly ten o'clock when the trio alighted from a car out in the suburbs. The young stranger led them to a neat little

house standing a short distance back from the street. Vines

twined around the window, and from the side of the path came the faint, sweet perfume of roses.

"Mother's flowers,"Richards mentally asserted, as he passed up the walk to the door.

The stranger flung the door open and cried, "Mother, here he is at last!"

Richards stepped in to meet a sweetfaced, grayhaired lady who rose from her rocking chair to greet him.

"My son,"she cried, in a tender voice as she reached her hands out to the embarrassed westerner. "Welcome home, my

son r

EIGHT DOLLARS'WORTH 793 A mist came before the elder's eyes, and he seemed to see rot a stranger but the well loved form of his own mother before him. Impulsively he reached out and took the old lady in his

arms. "Mother,"he whispered, as he touched the gray head upon his breast reverently with his lips.

Somehow the sarcastic question asked by the fastidious Elder

West seemed to ring in his ears, as he stood there: "Do you

think you got your eights dollars'worth of satisfaction?"

He looked down at the happy, tearstained face of the old lady who had released herself from his arms, and then over to the straight, handsome, clean, young man who was standing near.

"Yes, a thousand fold!"he murmured to himself. "Ay, a

thousand fold!"

PRESTON, IDAHO

Effects of the War upon the English People

BY ELDER J. M. SJODAHL

Among the leaders in the religious world there is at present some discussion concerning the probable effects of the war upon the views of the people. Many are becoming discouraged with

the sectarian churches. A young English clergyman is said to

have left the Presbyterian church, because he has become convinced that its teachings are impractical and, therefore, useless.

He is quoted as follows "This world order in which war is inherent, the church exists to transform. Consequently when the church ranges itself in

support of the method of war it is not only proclaiming its own failure, but it is hauling down its own flag and hoisting instead the flag of the world. It is giving its case away and 'queering its

own pitch.'Christian leaders who have given their blessing to

this war will be hard put to it at the close of the war to meet the arguments of the militarists. They have in this instance subscribed to the doctrine of force, and it will be used in evidence

against them."

It is claimed that four thousand young men and women in

England have severed their connection with churches on account of the war, and have formed an organization of their own, called the Fellowship of Reconciliation. One of the leaders in this

movement says

794 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"What we desire is that the church may take her rightful place when the war is over, and may at last proclaim a living message with prophetic power, a message which shall direct the minds of men to those great truths in obedience to which the health of the nations is to be found. What they fear is that she

may lose her chance of proclaiming that message then, because now she has not spoken with the note of reality and conviction, and because she has not dared to face the full meaning of the problem involved in this war."

This sentiment is growing. Honest men and women are

becoming convinced of the total failure of the churches to bring salvation to the world. They are beginning to realize that it is

tiue that the churches have gone astray, though they, probably, would again crucify the prophet Joseph for saying it.

We have had some talk in newspapers and magazines about the "sobering"influence of the war, and how it has driven people "to God."They have told us about prayer meetings and the distribution of Bibles, etc., but it is now apparent fervor has cooled. Repentance at the muzzle of a gun has proved as fleeting as a summer cloud. A German scientist has recently said that the war had

settled one thing forever, namely, the absurdity of talking about "the goodness and fatherly nature of God."

Such are some of the views and sentiments inspired by this terrible conflict. Such are some of the straws indicating the

direction of the wind. The Spirit of the Lord is certainly striving

with the nations and causing thinking men and women everywhere to see the absurdity of building upon a foundation of sham and hypocrisy, such as that on which the churches of the world depend for their very existence. But the foolishness of questioning

God's goodness, because man in his rebellion has brought disaster upon himself Would to God that the people of the world would embrace the gospel. That would cure all ills, and bring peace among

nations, peace in industrial circles, peace in the family, and peace in the heart.

LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, RESTRAINING HANDS ELSIE CHAMBERLAIN CARFLOhV—"W0

Tom Clayton sat with his books by the small window of his eight by ten third story room. As he glanced out he saw Rockie

Newland, Free Porter and Ned Rogers with their tennis rackets, turning in at the house. He remembered his promise to play off

the tie with which the four had left the court the day before, so he flung his books on his desk and slipped into his coat. He wasn't

half ready for the exam, in chemistry that was coming the next day, and he felt like he ought to stay and study, but it was something for a poor fellow like him to have friends like Rockie and

Ned and Free, and he didn't want them to think he was nothing but a grind. They had been mighty nice to him ever since he

turned the interclass track meet into a sophomore victory the year before and since he had become a member of the 'Varsity

Track Team he had found himself more popular than ever. The

fellows had tried repeatedly to induce him to leave the cheap boarding house where he tended furnace to pay for his lodgings, and join their fraternity. They knew he was poor and was making his way through college and they had intimated that his part

of the expense would not matter. They were sons of millionaires

and could make it up without missing it. But Tom had soon

convinced them that it did matter to him. He appreciated their

intentions, but he couldn't "sponge"and keep his selfrespect. So

he had stayed on at the second class rooming house, but had gratefully accepted their friendship, being proud to be seen with the real swells of the college, even though he could not imitate their extravagant habits and easy manners.

"Ready, Tom?"called Rockie as Tom came clown the stairs.

Just then the postman stepped to the door.

"Register for Mr. Clayton,"he said.

"I'll be there in a minute,"Tom told them as he quickly signed the receipt and* took the bulky envelope. He loked at it

curiously. He was expecting a letter from home, but this was

not from father. He studied the post mark. It was from New

York City. From whom could it be? He slipped back up to

*The Improvement Era prize story for April.

7% IMPROVEMENT ERA

his room, still turning the letter over and over in his hands.

When he was alone he tore the envelope open with a quick movement and pulled out the contents. Then he stood staring at

what he held in his hands. There

were a couple of folded papers and a handful of greenbacks! He turned

them over incredulously. His eye

caught the figures in the corner of the one on top. It was one hundred dollars. He felt dizzy. What could it

mean? Was he dreaming? With an

effort he collected his surprised senses and sat down to his desk. His fingers

shook as he unfolded one of the papers.

"My dear Nephew,"it began.

Wonderingly Tom turned to the end of the letter. It was signed, "George

Clayton."Yes, he remembered vaguely that he had heard of an Uncle George, his father's older brother. He recalled

the almost forgotten story of their "He felt dizzy. What estrangement when his father had

could it mean?"joined the Church and gone to Utah

years ago. That is about all he

had ever heard of this uncle. Curiously he turned again to the

beginning of the letter and read "Bellevue Hospital, New York City, March 20, 19—

"My Dear Nephew: Doubtless you will be surprised to receive

this letter. Perhaps you have never heard of me. I am the brother

of your father, Thomas Clayton, who went to Utah in 1868. We had

a quarrel at that time which foolishly left us as strangers.

"A fortnight ago I went to Madison Square Garden to see the

Spring InterCollegiate Track Meet. I was naturally interested when

I saw your name scheduled on the score card to represent Cornell in the mile run. I enquired about you of some of the Cornell officials

and found that you were from Utah. Your strong resemblance to

your father had already made me sure you were his son.

"It was with a good deal of family pride that I saw you nose ahead of Yale and Harvard and Princeton, and with that last plucky sprint take the tape. I intended to hunt you out after the meet and

take you home with me, but in the crush afterwards—well perhaps

you read of the automobile accident. I was in the smashup and have

been here at the hospital ever since.

"At first they thought it was all up with me, then later gave me some hope. But yesterday unlooked for complications set in, and now

they tell me I'll have to have an operation and there is nothing sure about a recovery. Tt doesn't really matter much, I'm getting old and

is, no family, you see. I've been never had much to live for—that

RESTRAINING HANDS 797

thinking how different it would seem if I had a boy like you. Your

face has stayed with me, and I've been thinking a good deal about you the last few days. I had hoped to become your friend—and

maybe see your father again some day. It looks as if that may not be.

"I have a little wad I've made here in New York. I learned from

the Cornell men I talked with that you are working your way through school. I like your pluck. That's like your father.

"In the morning I take my chance. If I pull through I'll let you

know and we'll see each other soon. If I don't—well, it doesn't reallymatter much to me—and I'm leaving my little 'pile'to help you

through college. Good bye.

"Sincerely your uncle, "George Clayton."

Tom read the letter through again before he could fully realize what it meant. Then he looked at the money on the desk.

Slowly he counted it. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven,

eight, nine, bills and there was a certifiten—onehundred-dollar

cate for nine hundred dollars more. He could scarcely believe

his eyes. It was more money than he had seen or ever hoped to

see in his life. It was almost as much as Rockie and Free boasted

of spending each year. Why, he was almost in the same class

with the fellows of the Chi Psi now. He could join the Frat!

That was his first thought. He felt his head go up and his chest

expand with added selfimportance. He counted the money once

more, then unfolded the other document. It was simply a statement from his uncle's lawyer, stating that George Clayton had

died subsequent to an operation and that upon his request the enclosed money and letter were being forwarded and that the certificate could be redeemed at any time at the First National

Bank of New York City.

"Hello, therer Tom. You must have found something

mighty interesting in that registered letter. Don't you know

you're holding back that game? Come down and justify yourself,"called Rockie from the lower hall. Tom sprang to his

feet, gathering up the bills and letters, and ran down to them.

"Does this justify me?"he exclaimed excitedly, exhibiting

his wealth. "Of course it may not look much to you guys who

have never had to learn the value of a dollar, but to a pauper like I feel as rich as Croesus."Hurriedly he explained me—Jove,his newly acquired wealth. The fellows gathered around him

with genuine congratulations and in a moment carried him off toward the tennis courts.

"Say, boys, we'll have to have a bangup spree tonight in honor of old Tom's luck,"drawled Rockie.

"Sure thing,"assented the others.

"There's a corker of a show on at the Star,"remembered

Ned. "Lutra Warner, you know, in the 'Little Devil.'Then

798 IMPROVEMENT ERA

we'll go to the Dutch afterwards. You've never been to the

Dutch, have you, Clayton?"

"No,"Tom admitted, ashamed that he was so unsophisticated.

"We'll initiate you tonight, then,"laughed Free.

"And afterwards we might take a spin over to Cortland,"added Rockie. "It's time old Tom cut his eye teeth. You haven't

tasted real college life. All you've had is the grind. I'll take

that in diluted doses, for mine.

"No danger of Rockie taking anything like work in concentrated doses,"jibed Ned.

"What about yourself? I've never come as near bursting out

as you did last semester. You managed to miss every blamed

'prelim.,'but I'll bet you didn't miss one show. Wine, women

and song: those are the three planks in Ned's platform."

"Mighty fine planks,"agreed Rogers, blowing a ring of smoke from his cigar.

"Here Tom, have a smoke. I just got a box of fresh cigars,"

Ned offered. Tom had been offered cigars many times before

but had always refused, as he had the other treats the fellows had tried to impose upon him. Now he hesitated. Most of the

fellows smoked. He had grown to like the smell of a good

cigar, and it looked classy. "I don't smoke, you know,"he began uncertainly, "but—

"But you will now, of course,"Ned finished for him. "I

wouldn't smoke either if I had to use any this or that. But

there's nothing like a good old cigar. Try one."

Tom took one from the case and lighted it. Strangely

enough as he did so his mind flew back to a little room in the old church at home where he used to go to Sunday school, and he saw an awkward, eagerfaced lad of adolescent age sitting with wide eyes and open mouth listening to an idolized Sunday school teacher. "How many of you boys can promise me never to poison

your bodies with tobacco?"And Tom saw the hand of the awkward lad shoot up and a look of boyish resolve light his face.

The memory held him, and the cigar smouldered in his hand, half way to his lips.

"How does it go?"asked Rockie, all unconscious of the

mental conflict going on beside him.

"Fine!"Tom replied, and he inwardly called himself a fool

as he shook himself from the past and slipped the cigar into his mouth. "You'll come to the Frat now, of course,"said Free as if the subject permitted of no discussion. "The suite between mine

and Rockie's is empty. Old Smiler got "busted out"last term

you know. You might just as well have been in it months ago if

you weren't so duced independent. It's the right kind of sports

RESTRAINING HANDS 799

we're after and it doesn't matter so much about the dough as you seemed to think."

"We're mighty glad for you, though,"put in Rockie, "that your uncle came through with the dough. It must be hell to

have to scrimp and grind like some of the poor dogs do."

"It is,"agreed Tom, blowing clouds of smoke into the air almost as carelessly as Rockie. He had pushed the disconcerting

picture of the moment before into the background.

"Say, old sport, I want you to come home with me during the spring vacation,"said Free. "Old New York's not so slow

a place to sport around in for a week. There's a bunch of good

shows coming, and I know lots of swell girls."

Tom's spirits were rising to the occasion. How different it

would be to go to New York as Free's guest with his pockets full of money, to the way he had gone a month ago with the team with small provision for side expenses.

They had reached the tennis court and were soon busy with the game. Tom and Free played Rockie with Ned, and were

badly beaten in each of the three sets they played.

"Tom's off color today,"growled Free goodnaturedly. "His

luck's gone to his head. Wait till he recovers and we'll show you

a different looking score."They left the court and started from

the campus.

"Come on over to the house with us now,"invited Rockie.

"It's nearly dinner time. You can get your traps tomorrow."

Tom had started to turn off toward the cheap cafeteria where he usually took his meals.

"All right, I guess I will,"replied Tom, feeling like he was about to enter a new world.

How unreal and impossible it all seemed, as he followed his friends up the broad steps to the imposing entrance of the magnificent Chi Psi. The big fraternity house stood with its wide

balconies, great glistening windows, and innumerable gables on a picturseque cliff jutting out over Cascadilla gorge. Green

lawns and well kept shrubs surrounded it, while the crystal waters of Cascadilla tumbled in sparkling falls below.

As in a dream Tom entered the broad hall. Spacious reading rooms and dens opened invitingly. His feet fell noiselessly

upon rich velvet rugs. Beautiful paintings hung on the walls,

and heavy curtains draped the windows. He caught a climpse

of the long dining room with its cut glass and shining silverware.

Savory odors reached him as he was led past the dining room up the wide stairs. And this was to be his home now! He could

always live in a place like this! It seemed like a paradise compared with the dingy quarters he had left. Ned had been right.

It was hell to be poor.

"Here you are. How do vou like it?"Rockie had led the

800 IMPROVEMENT ERA

way down a wide corridor of the second floor and flung open a door on the left.

"My rooms are next there, and Ned's the door we just passed.

Free 'hangs up'across the hall down in the other corner. I think

you know most of the fellows. There's Burns and Sherwood,

and the Durrants and Peters and Blakesly and a few others.

They'll all be glad you've come."Tom went in. He still felt

dazed. To think that these rooms were to take the place of his

eight by ten. He felt like he was Alladin and had just rubbed

his wonderful lamp.

"Which will you have, Tom, champagne or sherry?"They

were finishing dinner. Rockie held two glasses toward him.

"I—I—""Well, say, try both, then you'll know."The two glasses

were placed beside his plate. Tom lifted one in his hand. He

had never tasted wine before. Thoughts of the forgotten past

again struggled in his memory. He was in Mutual back in the

familiar church at home. A returned missionary, now the Junior

class leader, was giving an eloquent address on the curse of drink. The talk had stirred Tom's young soul. He sat spellbound thinking that he would give anything in the world to be

able to talk like that; to do the good that Brother Daniels was

doing. He remembered how he thrilled at the young man's appealing words: "Boys, remember that your being is God's greatest gift. Are you going to keep it pure, your body and your soul,

'The waiter approached with loaded trays. 'Hurray! A keg of

beer for the four of us.'"

RESTRAINING HANDS 801

as it was when the Father gave it to you, or are you going to let it be shattered by the curse of drink; the curse of drink which

has brought more misery and want and crime into the world than any other thing?"

With an impatient shrug Tom banished the memory. What

nonsense at a time like this. With a forced laugh he lifted the

glass to his lips and drained it. Then he emptied the other.

"They're both pretty 'moreish',"he laughed, turning to his friends. "Have another,"drawled Rockie, reaching to refill his glass.

"This is your night, you know."The spirit of recklessness had

taken possession of Tom.

"I don't care if I do,"he said, and he gulped down another glass. "Come on fellows, it's nearly show time. You know we're

going to celebrate old Tom's luck,"and Free led the way from the table. Soon they were marching down Buffalo street, recklessly

singing "Hurray!

A keg of beer for the four of us!

Glorious!

That there are no more of us!"

When they entered the theatre Tom insisted on buying the tickets for the crowd. He handed over one of his hundred dollar

bills and heard the ticket seller count out as much as he usually spent for a month's board. But, it gave him only a sense of

pride.

The show was a light musical comedy and some parts of it brought the blood rushing to Tom's cheeks, but he applauded as boisterously as any of them and told himself that he was having the time of his life.

When the opera was over the boys went noisily across the street to the brightly lighted Dutch Kitchen. A number of

groups of fellows were already around part of the tables, laughing and joking in various stages of sobriety. A band was playing

lively music from a balcony in the far end of the room. Tom

noticed that the hands of the big clock pointed to twelve. He

thought uncomfortably of his coming examination. It had

always been his pride to make good grades. A waiter stepped

up for their orders.

"Order up boys,"Tom said, picking up a menu card and looking over the unintelligible bill of fare. The others were

glibly giving their orders for meats and cocktails. Tom followed

their example.

"Say, fellows,"he said, as they sat wainting "I have a beast

I'llof an exam, in Chem. tomorrow. How do you suppose

make it?"802 IMPROVEMENT ERA "Why, shift it,"advised Rockie easily. "We all do. Then

we tutor for a makeup when the finals get a little nearer."Tom

was grateful for this solution to his problem. Of course, he

knew a number of students—grinds—who did tutoring, making

their college expenses by it. He had been hoping to be able to

do some of it himself the next year. It was so much easier

money than the janitorial work he had. It still seemed impossible

that he no longer needed to work. That he didn't even need to

study—until he got ready.

The waiter approached with loaded trays.

"Hurray! A keg of beer for the four of us!"the fellows

began to chant and Tom joined in. He felt light headed and

giddy and irresponsible. Yes, this was glorious! He ate and

drank and talked and sang and tried to think he had never been so happy in his life, and yet all the time something rankled in the background of his consciousness.

It was two o'clock when they got unsteadily up from the table. Tom handed the waiter a hundred dollar bill and carelessly took his change. He felt like a lord as he staggered to

the door. "Old Tom's pretty well loaded,"laughed Free, steadying him as they came out on the street.

"Where next?"drawled Rockie. "Who says Cortland?"

"What's there?"hiccoughed Tom.

"Girls,"laughed Free close to his ear. For a moment the

fog seemed to clear from Tom's befuddled brain, and he was standing with his father back at the little home station there in

Utah. It was the morning he left and they were waiting for the

train. "My son,"he seemed to hear his father's hesitating voice,

fit never had been easy for father to talk about subjects he felt deeply.) "I hope you will always keep yourself clean for the

woman who is to be the mother of your children."Tom reeled

a little and Ned caught him.

"We'd better save Cortland for tomorrow night. Tom's too

blamed full,"he said.

"Guess you're right,"drawled Rockie. "Let's turn in."

As in a daze Tom was led back to the fraternity and heloed into bed. He rolled and tumbled for a few moments, then

dropped off into a troubled sleep.

Presently he seemed to be standing on the brink of a deep precipice. Below him rolled and tumbled a dark, angry flood.

Strangely there was something about the roaring torrent that seemed to fascinate him. He drew nearer and nearer the dangerous edge. Some uncontrollable power seemed to impel him to leap

down, down to the terrible boiling depths below. He stood for

a moment hesitating, then lie decided to take the leap. His feet

slipped and he knew he was going down. Then when it was too

RESTRAINING HANDS 803'

late, untold horror seized him. He cried out. Instantly strong

restraining hands reached out and drew him back. He looked

about to see who his saviors had been. There they were, in a

long line, looking at him with sorrowful, pleading eyes: his old

Sunday school teacher, his Mutual class leader, his father, and many others. Again the memories which had disturbed him

earlier in the evening stirred him, and he seemed to hear once more, "How many of you boys can promise me never to poison your bodies with tobacco?"and "Are you going to let your soul

and body be shattered by the curse of drink!"and those halting

words of his dear father, "I hope, my boy, that you will keep yourself clean for the woman who is to be the mother of your children."He gave a glad cry of joy to find himself safe in the

circle of their sheltering love. The cry awoke him, and he lay

staring in the darkness.

Where was he? Why was he trembling so? Beads of perspiration stood on his forehead. His head ached, and his lips

were dry. Suddenly the moon came from behind a cloud and

its light came in through the window and flooded the rich room.

He sat up and looked about the unfamiliar place wonderingly.

Then, like a flash, it all came back to him: that registered letter

his uncle's money; the fellows and the reckless night down town.

It seemed like a terrible nightmare. He sprang from the bed

and went to the window. It was open, and the soft spring air

kissed his hot forehead. The solemn moonfilled silence seemed

to wrap him in a sweet calm. He could think clearly now. He

recalled his dream, and its meaning seemed O so beautiful and plain. That deep, dark cavern into which he was about to plunge

his manhood was the temptation a life of luxury and dissipation was holding out to him. Those restraining hands which had so

eagerly snatched him back at his first cry, were the influence of the gospel which had been unconsciously rooted into his being during his youth and early childhood. They were the influences

of the gospel he had so carelessly neglected during the last three years, when he had needed their restraining power most. As the

beautiful meaning came to him in all its strength and clearness, he felt a great wave of repentant gratitude sweep over him. How

precious the gospel seemed! He fell upon his knees and buried

his face in his hands. "O God, I thank thee! I thank thee!"he

whispered brokenly, while unchecked sobs shook his frame.

After awhile he grew calm, and faced the situation squarely.

He knew he was standing at the crossroads. It would take

courage to turn from the broad, enticing road which beckoned him, back into the straight and narrow way. He stood pondering

every detail of the test awaiting him. It would be hard to stand

out against the fellows in their notion of what constituted a good it would be out of the question fortime. He could see now that

.S(M IMPROVEMENT ERA

him to remain at the Chi Psi at all. Perhaps it would not be

necessary for him to go back to his old room, but he could get comfortable quarters elsewhere. He could also report to the

head janitor to find another man to take his place so he could have all his time for his work. In so much he could benefit by

the good fortune which had come to him, but he could not allow it to waste his life and opportunities. He thought of a splendid

farm out home he could purchase for himself and younger brothers. In that way his uncle's money would not have been

saved in vain.

The clock in the library tower chimed four. In a half hour

he was due at his janitorial post. He lifted his head from the

window sill and prayed out into the silent night. Then he arose

and dressed himself and slipped noiselessly down the broad stairs out into the coming dawn. He took in long, deep breaths of the

fresh spring air. What peace and strength it gave him! He felt

that he was a man! That in the future he could meet any crisis

and he would not fall! Those restraining hands had not been

held out in vain!

The Bar

The saloon is sometimes called a BAR—that's true.'A BAR to heaven, a door to hell;

Whoever named it, named it well.

A BAR to manliness and wealth;

A door to want and broken health.

A BAR to honor, pride and fame;

A door to grief and sin and shame.

A BAR to home, a BAR to prayer;

A door to darkness and despair.

A BAR to honored, useful life;

A door to brawling, senseless strife.

A BAR to all that's true and brave;

A door to every drunkard's grave.

A BAR to joys that home imparts;

A door to tears and aching hearts.

A BAR to heaven, a door to hell;

Whoever named it, named it well.—Selected.

The Meaning of Education

BY E. G. PETERSON, A. M., PH. D., UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

III.—Farming and Home Making

Many things are contributing to convince the world that the "Mormon"Pioneers deserve a place in the history of civilization second to none. Indeed, very rapidly they are coming to occupy

that place, and Brigham Young, aside from the spiritual and moral leadership which his work represented, is coming to be looked upon as the industrial giant of modern America. He

preached sound temporal doctrine. He was, in addition to being

the church leader, an agriculturist, a road builder, a builder of canals and cities, and an economist of wonderful soundness. One

of the striking manifestations of his genius and his inspiration was his attitude toward farming and homemaking.

He realized that the welfare of the state permanently depends upon the success of its agriculture and the soundness of its home life. He permanently strengthened Utah when he insisted upon

many of the strongest men and women (strong in mind, body and character), the real pillars of the structure of state he was building, going to various parts of the state and building up the agriculture of the various communities. Anyone who has traveled throughout

Utah has noticed the striking character of many of the leading men and women. They represent the best blood in the state and many

of them, or their fathers and mothers, were called to their work by the great "Mormon"leader. This is the history of St. George, of

Kane County, of the great San Juan country, of the Uintah Basin,

Sevier county, Carbon and Emery counties, Piute and Iron counties, and the Bear Lake section, as well as practically all the important settlements close in. I could call the names of hundreds who are thus located, and who give to Utah a leadership in

its rural life not possessed by any other state, to my knowledge, in the nation.

Brigham Young realized a half century before the American nation as a whole realized it, the fundamental relationship between agriculture and the home on one side, and the prosperity and general welfare of the state and nation on the other. It was among

his plans to develop what later the nation established in each state, an Agricultural college. The nation and the state just now

are carrying out Brigham Young's idea of training and equipping men and women for success in the pursuits of agriculture and homemaking.

all are the The farmer and the mother in the home after 806 IMPROVEMENT ERA

two units in our society upon which practically all else depends.

And their occupations, their professions, are the most difficult and the most important and critical in all the list of occupations of man. The man who tills the soil intelligently must be a welldeveloped man mentally and in those attributes of character which

produce dependability, devotion, and charitable and broadminded citizenship. A knowledge of the science of the soil is a life's work

itself; the art of farming is as elevated in its demands as the art

which inspires pictures or music. A knowledge of animal breeding, care and management, demands a quality of intelligence sometimes greater than that demanded by the relatively simple professions of medicine, law or banking. The control of animal and

plant diseases which every farmer has to combat demands constant study and attention. The commercial enterprise demanded

in the proper organization and administration of farming as a business, is of a very high order.

And most emphatically it must be said that only those farmers who have such intelligence and such knowledge and training (they may have received it by self culture or at college) are succeeding and holding their lands. The others are very surely becoming hired men. The modern demands are such that the farmer must

be prepared. And here is one of the inspiring things about Utah.

Already many of the strongest blood strains in the state are engaged in farming. Utah's problem is not the problem of many

other states of building up the character of the rural population.

Brigham Young prevented such rural decay as is now prevalent in many parts of the nation. So Utah needs only equip her sons with

the knowledge of modern science and she is in a position to equal if not surpass all states in developing agriculture to a high plane.

Homemaking is a profession more exacting than any other activity of human beings. And how blessed is Utah because of

her women. But we should and do realize that a new day has

dawned in the world, and it lays especially upon the mothers new responsibilities. It is for the daughters and granddaughters of

the pioneer women that the new day has its message. We have

been blessed with recently discovered knowledge of foods, diets, nursing, child welfare, care of the sick, sanitation of the home,'and with new appreciation of the value of art in the home, home management, the right books, decoration, and home economies of labor and time: The home is where the child is trained poorly

or well to a degree which makes the future of the child in a large measure dependent upon the mother's fitness to rear and teach.

Wise mothers in the home are worth more in citizen making than all other devices for education combined. We must have intelligent mothers or we cannot have enlightened children. The training of its women is the most important educational task confronting the state. And this training should be definitely and positiveTHE MEANING OF EDUCATION 807

ly practical, designed to prepare the young women in the proper rearing of families. No elaborate culture in painting, music, the

extremes of literary interpretation, and the intricacies of mathematics or the classics, can ever supplant the constant demands upon the mother for a knowledge of how to rear a child properly.

Women's education should include all that it is possible to include.

Mathematics and literary interpretation, these are all well but should, if possible, be added to and not allowed to supplant the other necessary things. The successful rearing of a family is the

beginning and the end of our temporal existence. How important that its great responsibilities should be understood and the

many natural laws effecting it mastered.

The training of men in the details of the large conceptions of agriculture, and of women in the details and the ideals of home life, is just as much education as is training in languages, mathematics, Greek and Latin literature, and the other socalled standardized material. And the results of such training produce culture just as emphatically as any other training. Mastery in these

new fields demands equal if not superior mentality; and indeed a

greater degree of devotion and spiritual enlightenment goes with the men who till the soil and the women who fulfil well the divine obligation of motherhood.

The Tramp

(A Character Study

BY TOHN LAURENCE MCMASTER

High priest of idleness; knight of the wayside;

Child of the wanderlust; unbidden guest;

Diner al fresco and king of the free ride;

Living exponent of perpetual rest.

Tenant of box car and abstracted tinders;

Master of misfit and unfit to boot;

Grimed with the dust of the road and its cinders;

Tailored with rags and the discarded suit,

Unwilling wielder of bucksaw or handax;

Trial of the bailiff and thrifty housewife;

Selfpossessed owner of orchards and haystacks;

Nonchalant type of the "don't worry"life.

Scorner of soap and the shave and its glory;

Artist in fiction and low "Thankee, Mum;"

Author relator of true hardluck story "Couldn't get work 'n that's why I'm a bum."

Flotsam and jetsam on life's passing river;

Weary and wandering, clouted and clout;

Butt of the jester and scorn of the giver;

First and always a real downand-out.

Unkempt, unclean, and a bundle of tatters;

Vagabond, beggar, low riffraff, and scamp;

Yet to the love of God even he matters

And he our brother is, though but a tramp. Selected

Cecil John Rhodes A Thrilling Story of Achievement

BY NICHOLAS G. SMITH, PRESIDENT SOUTH AFRICAN MISSION

One morning, back in 1901, when I was attending the Salt

Lake High School, I came to school withont having mastered my lesson in geometry. The time for class came, and I must say it

was with misgivings that I descended the stairs to appear in Mr.

Gillilan's room, because he had such a way of making students ashamed of themselves when they had not done their duty. There

were about thirtyfive in the class, and all seemed so happy that I felt all the more out of place, as their actions convinced me that they were all prepared. As we entered the room, Mr. Gillilan

looked up from a book which he was reading, with a rather serious air, and I will give it to us this morning, as he thought—well, he

isn't feeling just right! Imagine my sui prise when he started

out with the expression: "Cecil John Rhodes is one of the greatest men that ever lived."He then launched out into a discussion

of the life and works of that great man, and was still telling us of him when the bell rang for us to leave the class room. I was very

happy, and had my lesson the next day. The lesson has since

passed from my mind, but Rhodes still remains with me; yet, living as we do thirteen thousand miles away from the stage where

Cecil Rhodes played his part, we are apt not to place full value on his life's works. When it was my privilege to come to South

Africa and see some of the things which he had accomplished, my mind went back to that day in school when I first heard of his greatness, and I am thankful to my teacher for having prepared me for my work in Africa.

A few weeks ago, while walking through the grounds of

Rhodes'old home, Groote Schuur, which means great store house,

I was asked by one who has not been long in Africa: "Is Cecil

Rhodes still living?"This question set me to thinking, and I asked

myself, Can Cecil Rhodes be dead? The only answer I can give

to the query is, that he is much more alive today than he ever was.

Born July 5, 1853, in England, he was one of nine sons of the

Vicar of Bishop Stratford, who was an excellent character, but he had no desire to follow in his father's footsteps. He received

a fair education at a grammar school and was instructed in some classical studies by his father, but in 1870, when but fourteen years of age, he was on his way to South Africa, and he settled in the Colony of Natal, living with his older brother Herbert,

CECIL JOHN RHODES 809

where he engaged in the raising of cotton and was fairly successful. In 1871, he and his brother wound up their affairs in the

garden spot of South Africa and started for the desert to the newly discovered diamond mines, which were located where Kimberley now stands.

Rhodes was strongwilled, a hard reader, and a deep thinker, and in those early days at the mines he was surrounded with all sorts of hard characters from every land who had hurried here to make their pile and had their hundreds of claims surrounding that of his and his brother's. Bedlam existed where order should

be, according to his mind, and he determined to have order. I

will pass over the years of struggle which he had with those around him to bring order out of chaos, and will simply state that after years of scheming and hard work, and running back and forth to England, he finally succeeded in bringing the management of all those claims under the direction of one company, known as the De Beers Company, and that company now controls the supply of diamonds for the whole world. Not only that, but it is

the moving force of almost everything in Kimberley. It owns

the street car company, and beautiful suburbs surrounding the town, and has miles and miles of land, under a tenstrand barbwire fence, which will be used at some future date to supply diamonds to the world, and it employs an army of men to carry on this work, besides owning an explosive factory, stud farm, etc.

Through the genius of Rhodes, in thus organizing and becoming the dominating factor in the diamond mines, the people were desirous that he should become a member of Parliament, and there help to work out the destinies of the whole nation. Dutch and

English interests seemed to clash at all points. The Republic of the Transvaal, under

the leadership of President Kruger, was endeavoring to get on without British assistance from the Cape Colony, but as Cape. Town was the

chief seaport, her imports had to pass that port and helped to swell the revenues of the British. The Boers, being

mostly farmers, wanted to AVENUE ON THE GROOTE SCHUUR make the country selfsup- ESTATE porting in every way, to which idea the British were holding back; Rhodes, in his masterly

Sin IMPROVEMENT ERA

fashion, was able to draw them somewhat closer together, although always maintaining that England was to be the great power on earth. He claimed that "I like the Dutch, T like their

homely courtesy and their tenacity of purpose. I am in favor of

protecting the agricultural interests of South Africa, and of discouraging the rise of manufactories which would compete with

England in the market for her own products."In a political capacity, he became the leader of the nation and was loved and respected by both British and Dutch, although he had his ups and

downs in Parliament. He was constantly going to and from England in the interests of his companies, and had many clashes with

British statesmen over conditions in Africa.

He bought a fine estate at the foot of Table Mountain, which is called Groote Schuur, and the house and grounds, which have been thrown open to the public, are magnificent. Here he lived

with others of the great minds of the country whenever he was in

Cape Town. This fine home has been turned over to be the home

of the prime minister of the country, although it is under the direction of Rhodes'executors.

Rhodes was very desirous that England should control the whole of Africa; and especially was he desirous that there should

l.e a railway built from Cape to Cairo, on British territory. With

this thought uppermost in his mind, he formed what is called the

Chartered Company which was recognized by the British government, and he then set about and secured great tracts of land from the natives which was just north of the Transvaal Republic. These

millions of acres were and are now governed by the Chartered

Company, and this vast stretch of territory has been given his name and is now known as Rhodesia. It is one of the prettiest

bits of country in the world, as all kinds of vegetation thrive there.

Palms ard ferns and all sorts of tropical vegetation are everywhere to be seen. There are great fields of tobacco on every hand,

and oranges and lemons and other fruits are in abundance. Not

only does vegetation thrive here, but the country is rich in minerals. There are many gold mines. The great ruins of Zimbabwe

of which history gives us nothing, are in Rhodesia, and truly a powerful people must have lived here in ages past. Some claim

that this must have been the home of the Queen of Sheba who brought such rich presents to the great King Solomon.

Rhodes was about such a man as our beloved Brigham

Young, and through the kind treatment of the natives, he secured the land, and then set about to build railways and telegraph lines.

He was, indeed, a pioneer, and traveled hundreds of miles through the African desert pioneering and getting acquainted with every part of the country. On account of his Brigham quality of being

kind, the natives loved him dearly, and called him the white father.

A short story will show what power he had with them. Shortly

CECIL JOHN RHODES 811

after the white man had begun to settle in Rhodesia, there was trouble with the natives who numbered something over a million. The Matabele

tribe rose up en masse and killed several hundred white people.

The country raised an army and sent it out to subdue the blacks.

Like the American Red man the African natives know the forMONUMENT ERECTED TO THE AIEMORY OF ests, and have an exCECIL RHODES cellent system of sigsaid naling. Through this On the slopes of RhodesTable usedMountain,to sit. where

system they knew every move of the white army, and kept out of the way.

When Rhodes learned of the situation he was very much upset, and started for Rhodesia at once, where he followed and caught up with the army of a thousand men with modern arms.

He informed the leader of the army that with two or three volunteers he would go on in front, unarmed, to meet the enemy, but that the soldiers should remain where they were until they heard from him, as he felt that he could settle the trouble. Every one

fek that it was madness to think of going, as the natives were killing every white person they could find. Rhodes, however,

had made up his mind, and was sure that he was right, and was going ahead, no matter what others thought. He succeeded in

getting two or three volunteers to go with him, and his wagon pulled off out into the rough, unsettled domain, and camped among the thick vegetation where the natives could have attacked them at any minute and destroyed them all. Here Rhodes made things

as comfortable as possible, and told his companions that they should wait until the native chiefs and kings should arrive. He

had sent one of his colored boys ahead with a message to them.

They did not wait long until the warriors began to arrive. They

were fully armed and wore sullen looks. There were something

over a hundred of them. Rhodes invited them to sit, and he

then gave them a severe scolding, telling them that those who had been guilty of murdering women and children were to be turned over to be punished. He was surprised at them for doing

such things, and wanted them to understand that if they were being ill treated he was there to see that they had fair play, and

812 IMPROVEMENT ERA

wanted to settle the difficulties. After several hours'deliberation, with Rhodes scolding and joking, the meeting ended with

every warrior and chief swearing allegiance to the white father and laying down their arms. Two powerful chiefs had refused

to come to the indaba and would not meet Rhodes, but he waited for several days out in the woods until they decided to see him, and after a short time their grievances were settled. Thus a

war was ended that.might have cost thousands of lives, and the

white father still lives in the minds of the native races of South

Africa.

Ts Rhodes dead? Well, I must say after a few weeks'trip

through Africa that he is very much alive. Monuments erected

by him to others and by others to his memory are everywhere to be seen. The great De Beers Company, with its thousands of

employes, and the great extent of territory known as Rhodesia, are still governed by his will, and are performing a wonderful work, and his idea of having a railway line from Cape to Cairo is still being pushed toward completion and will ere long be an accomplished fact. All Africa resounds with the name of Rhodes.

To the world at large, is Cecil John Rhodes dead? Never

His life's work insured his place in history, and the work that is being carried on under the direction of the executors of his will is destined to keep his memory ever fresh in the great nations of the earth. His will is too lengthy to copy here, but I would.just

like to mention a few of the provisions with regard to his scholarship idea. He provides approximately $1,500 per year for

each scholarship, and then goes on to make the following allotments of the different parts of the British empire: 9 to Rhodesia, 3 each to South African College, Stellenbosch College,

Diocesan College, St. Andrews College, Colony of Natal, Colony of New South Wales, Colony of South Australia, Colony of

Queensland, Colony of Australia, Colony of Tasmania, Colony of

New Zealand, Province of Ontario in the District of Columbia,

Colony of Newfoundland, Colony or Islands of the Bermudas,

Colony or Islands of Jamaica, 54 being the total in British territory.

To the several States of the United States of America he willed two scholarships to each, and also provided that if any territory was admitted to statehood later, it should be allotted two scholarships. At the present time it is costing the estate of

Mr. Rhodes something like $225,000 a year to keep up these

scholarships. The twentyfourth stipulation is that "no student

shall be qualified or disqualified for election to a scholarship on account of his race or religious opinions. Later he adds the following paragraph: "This is a further codicil to my will. I note

the German emperor has made instruction in English compulsory in German schools. T leave five yearly scholarships at Oxford of

CECIL JOHN RHODES 813 250 per annum to students of German birth, the scholars to be nominated by the German emperor for the time being. Each

scholarship to continue for three years so that each year after the first three years there will be fifteen scholars. The object is

that an understanding between the three great powers will render war impossible, and educational relations make the strongest tie. America has already been provided for. C. J. Rhodes."

Thus we see that, although Rhodes was a long ways off and that the European people are prone to think that America is not of very much importance, only in the minds of Americans, he was able to understand her greatness, and was broadminded enough to call her one of the three great nations of the world.

VICToffiA fAU.%.

MAIN VICTORIA FALLS, AFRICA Rhodesia is referred to here in Africa as the backbone of the continent. It is not only an interesting country on account

of the great pioneering work of Rhodes, but here.we have all

the animals of the African jungle that are written so much about:

elephants, lions, snakes of every description, leopards, wildcats,

African hunting dogs, jackals, black and white rhinoceros, hippopotamii, buffalo, and about'forty different kinds of antelopes differing in size from that of a jack rabbit to the powerful eland which stands six feet high. In the Zambesi river there are thousands of crocodiles, and in the air, birds of every conceivable shape

are flying about.

visit the wonderWhile in Rhodesia, it was my privilege to ful Victoria Falls, the roar of which can be distinctly heard sixteen miles away, and the sprav of which can be seen from a distance of twentyeight miles. There are no mountains here, and

814 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the lazy Zambesi river flows along so slowly and peacefully that one would not imagine there were such mighty falls just a few hundred feet below him, when crossing over to Livingstone Island, unless he could see the spray and hear the roar of the water.

We saw several crocodiles and hippos, and as we walked through the palms we saw monkeys swinging from tree to tree, and scantily dressed natives going here and there trying to sell us their beads and trinkets, and stepping along to the tune of their tiny hand pianos. What thoughts filled my mind as I stood on

the edge of a precipice and looked down 400 feet, and saw the water in. such great volume as it fell on the rocks, being broken

into fragments and forced back up out of the chasm some 2,000 feet into the air by the rush of wind, in drops as big as the end of my little finger, which again descend as rain on the surrounding forest, and cause hundreds of kinds of vegetation to spring up to carpet the damp earth. Truly this is a wonderful land, and

what grandeur in these falls. One must go in waterproofs if he

intends going into the rain forest, as the rain comes down in torrents, or rather the mist as it is called. What beautiful rainbows

by day and, on moonlight nights, what a peculiar effect the lunar rainbow has on you! It had a

sort of a greenishwhite tint, and to me seemed like a ghost of the daylight rainbow, it was really uncanny, but forty of us sat there for hours and watched it, and talked of ghosts and the terrible animals that were all around us, until we were all excited to some extent, and were really frightened when the native senCECIL RHODES GRAVE try appeared before us with drawn gun and demanded the pass word as we were on our way back to the hotel. (Even Central Africa feels the effects of the great war.)

Through the efforts of Cecil Rhodes this wonderful country belongs to Great Britain. In such a short article it is impossible to show the many good points in such a character; or,

for that matter, even a few of them very well. Today, in Africa',

there seems to be in the verv air one breathes a sort of Rhodes'?pirit. The story of his life and that of Brigham Young are

similar in a great many respects, and in death their graves are both ailke. Fifteen miles out from Bulowayo is what Rhodes

called the worldview, and on top of the hill whence this view is to be had, in the very heart of the African wilderness, Rhodes

CECIL JOHN RHODES 815

requested that he should be buried. March 26, 1902, the spirit

of Rhodes took its flight, and, according to his instructions, his mortal remains were laid away in a grave which was hewn out of the solid rock, in the Matoppos, and on the simple slab which covers the grave is written: Here lie the remains of Cecil John

Rhodes.

Can such a man die?

ROSEBANK, C. C.

The Land of Opportunity

BY J. C. HOGENSON, OF THE UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

On glancing out of a car window, the other day, I noted a placard on which was written in letters, so that he who ran might read, "The Land of Opportunity."Just what land was referred

to, in the advertisement, I did not read, but I venture that it had reference to some land far remote from our present surroundings, away from the place we call home.

The Land of Opportunity, for you and for me, lies at your very door and mine. It does not lie afar off in a strange country,

nor yet in a distant state. Your opportunity lies on your own

farm that you have been cultivating for years, or in your store, workshop, or home, where you have become well established by experience. It is your opportunity to build up and develop your

own community, your own state.

What is more pitiable than to see an old couple, as they near the grave, all alone in their home, with their sons and daughters all moved away to other states! They come home only about

once in four or five years. Their parents'sunset is indeed a sorrowful and lonesome one.

What is happier than to see an old couple, as they near the sunset of life, with their sons and daughters settled around them, and their grandchildren playing near the home to make the old folks young again! All they have to live for is the association of

their own boys and girls, and the sweet grandchildren who remind them of their earlier married life when their own family was being reared. There is nothing which brings so much

peace, joy, and comfort, at the sunset of life, as the association of their children and children's children. That is all they now have

to live for.

Service, a day when he who is of We are living in an age of the greatest service to his fellowman makes the greatest success in life. The place where you and I can be of the greatest service

to our fellowmen is in the town where, as barefoot boys and girls, we trod the streets and fields. There we can serve best, and

there is our "Land of Opportunity."

LOGAN, UTAH What the Nations of Europe are Fighting for

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER

What are the European nations really fighting for? That is

a question often put by those who think the great conflict now on is something wholly unnecessary, without purpose, and without the promise of any ultimate good. There was never in all

the history of the world so many and such deeprooted causes for war as exist at the present time in Europe. When two farmers meet at the head of an irrigation ditch, quarrel about the

water which each thinks it is his right and his turn to use, and they fight because of their trouble, that is very simple. Man's

financial interests from the beginning of time have been potent causes of discontent and strife. The financial interests of the

world have grown, in late years, with lighting rapidity, and the tension between the nations of the world, therefore, has become all the greater. The causes of the present war are complicated. They cover a period of more than forty years. They

lepresent intrigue, unfair competition, national aspirations, justice, and among all of them, the fundamental rights of humanity.

In view of the fact that peace is sure to come, and that the differences that now cause war must be adjusted, it is important that intelligent people have the justice of their judgments conform to the great results which a future treaty of peace will bring about. The position of the American people, as neutrals,

requires that their opinions be impartial. That does not mean

that they may not be pronounced on any single line of conduct by the great belligerents now at war. Forming judgments of a

single act of conduct, and judgments upon complicated actions, are two very different things. What a man may think about a

single act, and a whole series of complicated acts, are different things, or, at any rate, should be. Faults of this great war are

not all on one side, and it is the purpose of this article and others which may follow, to set forth some of those international complications that grew beyond pacific settlement and therefore had to be adjusted by force of arms. The war began in Serbia and was

the inevitable result of the socalled Balkan trouble; a trouble

out of which statesmen often predicted war for many years. Let

us be specific and take the case of Austria.

The German element, and the Hungarian element, and the

AustroHungarian empire, are in the minority, but they are more compact than the majority element, consisting of Rumanians,

WHAT THE NATIONS ARE FIGHTING FOR 817

Italians and Slavs. It was, of course, the policy of Austria to see

to it that no one of these elements became dangerously powerful m any concentrated part of the dual empire. The Slavs in Bohemia and the north side of the empire were out of touch with

the Slavs in the south, along the Danube. The Rumanians, in

the east in Transylvania could have little in common with their kindred,—the Italians in southwestern Austria. The only place

where a strong, dangerous Slavic element could concentrate was in the south, under the leadership of some Balkan Slavic state that might become dangerously powerful. After the two Balkan wars were fought—the first between the Balkan allies and

Turkey, and then between Bulgaria and the other Balkan allies,

Austria became feverishly excited over the prospects of a powerful Serbia, and over the fact that the great seaport of Salonica, which had been the political ambition of Austria, was taken by the Greeks.

The new Serbia was not in itself a menace to Austria; it was

too small. But the new Serbia in conjunction with the great

Slavic masses who were Austrian subjects in Croatia, Slavonia,

Bosnia, Hertzegovina, and Istria, might, in conjunction with some other nation, become sufficiently strong to resist Austria.

Among this Slavic element there was unrest, discontent, and often rebellious attitude. Nor can we wonder at this.

This Slavic element has never enjoyed even the most fundamental rights of life, liberty and property. Austrian methods

of government have encouraged strife among the people largely because of their religious differences. Some of these Slavs belong to the Orthodox or Greek church, others belong to the Roman

Catholic church. The Austrian government has encouraged religious differences and discriminated herself against the orthodox

classes. Take Bosnia as an example. There is in that country

four times as much expended for its police system as is expended for schools. The division of the population of the country will show the injustice to which the people have long been

subjected. In Bosnia there are eight hundred thousand Greek

orthodox, five hundred thousand Roman. Catholics, and six hundred thousand Mohammedans or moslems. It will be seen that of

Bosnia's two million people there is practically only one hundred thousand of all other classes. In the German parts there is one

school for every seven hundred in the population; among the Slavs

there is only one school for every six thousand of population; the

offices are nearly all held by the Germans whose opportunities for education are liberal, while the Slavic element is kept in a state of unbearable ignorance. Nearly all the offices are held by Germans and even where Bosnians themselves go to Vienna for a

college training they are denied the opportunity of political employment by the government, and the industries of that country 818 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sre almost entirely in the hands of the Germans who naturally give preference to their own nationality. The result is that to

ambitious and educated Bosnians the cloors of opportunity are closed, and discontent is rife. Such gross injustice makes the

students of that nationality violent towards Austria. They are

revolutionary in their agitations. The Austrians and those of the

world who do not know them call them anarchists.

Austria has given to the Bosnians a legislature called "Sabor,"but all of the laws passed by this legislature may be vetoed by the Hungarian parliament, sitting at Budapest, or by the Austrian parliament, sitting at Vienna. This "Sabor"is more a

source of aggravation than one of satisfaction to the people.

Men are elected to it according to their religious beliefs. It is

composed of one Jew, sixteen Catholics, twentyfour Mohammedans, and thirtyone Greek orthodox. While the law establishing the Sabor gives to the people certain political and economic

rights, the law is saddled by one of those jokers which offers with one hand a privilege, or a right, that is snatched away by the other. This native legislature, or this Sabor, may be suspended,

and all the rights and privileges accorded to it, taken away when in the judgment of the government at Vienna it is necessary for the safety of the empire. In that legislative body the people are

punished for speeches that are not approved by the Austrian government.

Perhaps one of the greatest sources of revolutionary agitation is found in the treatment of the peasants or farmers. When

the Turks captured the country they parcelled out the lands into districts ruled by a Turkish "bey"who was not unlike the feudal barons of medieval times. These beys were held more in restraint by the Turkish government, at Constantinople, in the matters of injustice to the peasants than they had been by the government at Vienna. The system was continued when the Austrians

took over the military control of Bosnia. The people there had

their large commons upon which thev enjoyed collective right to pasture their hogs and their cattle. These lands belonged to the

people collectively. Austria, anxious to settle certain parts of

the country by Germans, took these commons away from the people, and aided much thereby to destroy their livestock industry.

It is true that Austria has built up the country, constructed beautiful public buildings, and brought much socalled civilized life to the country, but those are advantages that are not enjoyed as a rule by the people at large. They are advantages of a privileged

class, and the result is that, from this and other circumstances, which will be related at another time, the people of the Balkans have been in a state of seething discontent. Haki Pasha when

war was threatened between Italy and Turkey is said to have made the following prophetic declaration: "If Italy declares

WHAT THE NATIONS ARE FIGHTING FOR 819

war on Turkey, the cannon will not cease to speak until all Europe is in a conflagration.".

The reason was perhaps simple. The aspirations of the

great powers in the Balkans were irreconcilable. For forty years

the people of that country have been subject to all kinds of intrigues carried on shamelessly for the supposed benefit of one or the other of all the great powers now at war. The Balkan question was one that international diplomacy was absolutely helpless

to cope with. Peaceful means were inadequate; justice must

sometimes prevail, and justice meant war.

Good Spiritual Conditioh Elder Thomas M. Argyle, president of the Hull conference, England, April 20: "This part of the Lord's vineyard is in an excellent

spiritual condition. At our April conference we were favored with

the good companionship of President Hyrum M. Smith and Elder

J. M. Sjodahl. Our attendance was fair considering the many obligations the Saints have to meet, caused through the presentday mode

of warafre. We rejoice to think God has preserved us, and take great

joy in rendering unto him our heartfelt thanks and feel it our duty 10 depend upon him for our future safety. These are the elders laboring in the Hull conference, left to right, back row: Lorin Passey,

ProvoFloyd W. Nielson, Bluff; Horace O. Hall, Hyrum; Peter M.

Hixson, East Mill Creek; Joseph A. Godfrey, Clarkston; front row:

Thomas E. Vance, Fairview; J. M. Sjodahl, Liverpool office; Hyrum

Argyle, Woods Thomas M. European Mission; President Smith M secUtah, Union, Nils C. Jorgensen, of conference; president Cross,

retary of conference.

"The Silver Greys"

BY AXEL MADSEN

This is a glad occasion. I hope I may not mar it now; but

would that, being blest and through your kind and helpful sympathy, I might here express some worthy thought on this grand theme, the very mention of which stirs a thrill of love in all our hearts, "The Silver Greys."

"Thou shalt rise up before the hoary head, and honor the face of the old man."So spake the Lord. Long life is a blessing

which the favored Patriarchs of old enjoyed, and it is promised as a reward for those who yield obedience to parents. Surely youth

will ever owe full homage to the "Silver Greys."For who more

worthy of our love and honor, our gratitude and praise, than the brave souls who wear such crowns of glory?

"Grey hairs,"'tis said, "are the crests of foam which cover the sea after the tempest."They belong to those who have

breasted the waves and met life's stormy billows, with courage strong and brow undaunted; who have weathered the tempest,

and now glide gently into the peaceful harbor. Throughout the

long, hard day, they've toiled and struggled on beneath the sun's hot glare, and now, at eventide, they view the settting sun in peace.

It is a solemn thing to draw nearer and nearer to eternity.

And these kind hearts, who've labored long to make a place for us and to smooth our pathway, "now teach us how to meet old age.""With each year they have become more genial, have cherished larger and still larger sympathies with their fellow men,

and, if time has set on them any mark, they preserve, in all its freshness, the soul"which shall never grow old.

Oh, youth is fair when, in the pride of strength and springtime's rosy glow, it stands in innocence at Life's great Portal; but

fairer yet, I hold, is that sweet face, though furrowed deep with cares and sufferings borne, and wearing there the battlescars of time, which, crowned with silver grey, still smiles benignly with that same innocence untainted, though tried and proven long. That

soul who, passing through this world of bitterness and sin, has been but made the gentler and sweeter for it, ripened in wisdom and love.

In our own midst, assembled here with us, I see some of these stalwarts true. We may not know how often their gracious presence we shall feel again.. But, while we may, let us make themfeel how glad we are that they are here. And when we see a

stooping figure approach with faltering tread and trembling hand,

*An "Old Folks'"toast, given at a Thirtyfirst ward, Liberty stake, banquet, 1916.

"THE SILVER GREYS"821

let us not forget that once that bent form bore burdens which would stagger us, and that those feet have trodden, perhaps, a thousand miles or more o'er trackless plains and thorny paths, to make for us a home. And those roughened hands, mute witnesses

of toil, oh, hold them tenderly in a warm and fervent clasp, for they have wrought a work which God himself approved.

O ye venerable men, and dear aged women! We love, we

honor you! Would that we might sing your praise onehalf as

well as you have done your work; that we might labor with onehalf the zeal to do our part and carry on the work which you have

begun. Oh, that we who follow might rise in splendid strength and

majesty, take up a priceless heritage and bear it nobly, without spot, as we've received it. Then should we stand a royal house,

sons of kingly sires, upheld and blest by heaven.

To these few words, I may add but the wish for all who wear Time's badge of honor, a longcontinued life, crowned with health and prosperity, with happiness and joy.

"Live on to hear your children's children rise up and call you blessed. Live on for the sake of your old friends and associates,

for whom life would lose much of its luster in losing you as companions and friends. Live on for your own sakes, that you may

enjoy the better day of which your eyes already catch the dawn.

Live to enjoy the coming triumph of truth, for which you've long contended: when the acknowledged power of right shall tear the

root of sorrow from the hearts of men, and your children's children shall stand the guardians of human liberty and the regenerators of the race!"These sentiments are paraphrased thoughts

which appeal to us all.

"Deal gently with them, Time, And trace decline upon their brows so slowly

That, like a sunset in a northern clime,

Where lingering twilight deepens into dusk,

And dusk fades into light so softly

That none may mark the passing of the day,

So may they pass, As one who slumbering dreams, and dreaming wakes.

Wakes to stand among the heavenly number of whom we sing: "Who are these arrayed in white,

Brighter than the noonday sun,

Foremost of the suns of light,

Nearest the eternal throne?"

"These are they who bore the cross,

Nobly for their Master stood, Suff'rers in His righteous cause %>

Followers of the living God.

I presume to sing their praise? Angel voices Oh why should

only can. But shall not we, while yet they linger here, pay tribute

to the "Silver Greys!"

Rumalcowhiskeyhol—A Modern Monster

BY ANNIE D. PALMER

Rumalcowhiskeyhol was the fiercest and most powerful of all the monsters. With a glance of his evil eye he could cause

strong men to totter and even fall and wallow in the filth of the streets. With the heat of his fiery breath he could waste

their substance and reduce to pauperism every soul dependent thereon. With the bellowing of his ghoulish voice he could

strike terror into the hearts of brave men insomuch that they would drop their weapons nor attempt to defend their own.

Nor was this all. Rumalcowhiskeyhol's back and dragontail

were covered with shining scales that dazzled men's eyes; and

if at any time the monster were hard pressed he had but to drop a scale in the way of his pursuers and immediately they left off fighting him to search in the mire for the glitter of the scale.

In every city of the land Rumalcohowhiskeyhol had a lair and in every village and hamlet a rendezvous. And because men

so loved the glitter of his scales he went boldly forth by day as well as under cover of the darkness seeking whomsoever he would devour..

Daily his victims numbered scores of men, and the substance he wasted would have built an empire; and ever his appetite

/grew and was insatiate. The women of the land became sick

with dread and wise men shook their heads and were appalled for none could say whose manly sons or fair young daughters might next be prey to the monster's grip.

Now the king had many daughters, but an only son, Morrion.

And Morrion was brave of heart and strong of limb, and he said, "I will fight the monster to his death. Shall my father's

kingdom be devastated by the power of a single demon while my father's heir sits idly by and views the ruin?"

So Morrion chose five hundred men, the noblest from his father's realm; and when they had counseled together many days

they set out with their battle axes and spears, determined to slay the monster or drive him from their border.

When Rumalcowhiskeyhol saw the strength of the men who came up against him he knew that neither the glance of his eye nor the fire of his breath nor the bellowing of his mighty lungs would stay the onslaught. He needs must turn him about

as if in flight, and try the lure of the shining scales. With one

hoarse, demonlike yell from his brazen throat he turned, leaving

RUMALCOWHISKEYHOL—A MODERN MONSTER 823

where he went a trail of slime and mire in which there glittered hereplunged—Morrion,and there a yellowthe good,scale.the Intobrave,thethesickening'princely trailone, theyand

all his followers, the noblest five hundred of the land.

So there was mourning in the land, and in the household of the king was bitterest grief. And when the knightly Landon

came as suitor to the princess Isa, she sent him away and would not be comforted for sorrow for her brother.

One day while Isa walked in the cypress grove in the far end of the garden, her brother came to her by stealth. Isa threw up

her hands in fear and would have screamed, but Morrion spoke quickly and calmed her.

"Fear not, sister,"he said, "for weak and worthless as I come to you, I am still no spectre."

"But we have thought you lost,"the princess answered, "and we have mourned for you since the day you and your noble band went down in the trail of the monster. Come, let us go to our

father the king and to our most queenly mother, that their hearts may be made glad at your return."

"Not so, my sister,"replied Morrion sadly, "for though they are not visible to your eyes, the shackles of the monster are upon me.""We will unbind those shackles, Morrion!"

Then Morrion laughed, and it was like the laugh of a demon.

"Unbind the shackles of Rumalcowhiskeyhol? Never. Wives

whose tears have not been dried since they pledged their faith on their wedding morning, have tried to unbind them; mothers

whose children cried for bread have sought to unloose them;

and children with pinched faces and wasted forms have tried their puny strength. The shackles hold in spite of each, in spite of

all combined.

"But mother's perfect love and father's great wisdom shall find a way to free you. Must the only son of a king remain in

slavery to Rumalcowhiskeyhol? Come!"

"Isa, it cannot be! I have been in his domain too long already. I despise myself for the weakling that I am; I shudder

; I am horrified at the misery for the wretchedness I have caused

it is upon me—his eye, to which I am bound. But his power

it destroys my will, it makes beckons me to come—his breath,

it voice, it thunders in my ear, it calls, me staler as I go—his

commands—oh, sister, I am consumed with a burning sense of

! I must away! I must away! helplessness, of shame

"In vain did the sister plead, in vain did she cling to him and weep. With a mighty effort he flung her to the ground and hurried from her as she lay prostrate.

When the princess was sufficiently recovered from her surprise and terror she hastened to her parents with the intelligence 824 IMPROVEMENT ERA

that her brother yet lived. At first they were joyful beyond

measure at the tidings, but when they heard how he was bound by the shackles of the monster, they both declared that it had been better that he had died. "For,"said the king, "to live in such

bondage is to surrender his manhood to the beast; it is to bring

misery and disgrace upon himself and all his kindred. If he

marry, his wife is doomed to a life of humiliation and want, and suffering; his children will be born heirs to disease, to slavery,

to pauperism. Passion and crime are ever ready to lay hold on

him who is bound by Rumalcowhiskeyhol. There is little hope

for his escape."

The kind mother, who was nothing if not motherly, added that his little children would probably be victims of harsh words and cruel blows instead of love and tenderness.

Much of what they said seemed vague and dark to Isa. She

had so much to remember of her brother's love and gentleness, his song and joyous laughter. "Surely,"she said to herself, "he

was under some dreadful spell when he came to me in the cypress grove. But that spell must be broken! Morrion must be free

"Yes, Morrion must be free."She said it over and over to

herself during the week that followed before Landon came again. When she saw him, a new hope sprang up in her heart.

Landon did not fear the monster. From earliest childhood he

had gone where he chose and with closed lips and averted eyes had even passed the open doors of the monster's den in safety.

Nay, so potent had been the teachings of his mother that the youth listened not to tales of fear, nor turned he to the right or left to heed the bellowings of the monster's voice.

"Gracious princess,"Landon said, in courtly manner, "send me not away. You are sorrowful. Is there no way in which I

may serve you, that I may prove my love and gain your favor?"

"There is, noble Landon, but the way is hard and—

"I care not though it lead over the burning sands of Sahara's Desert, if so I may serve my princess. Speak."

!""It is of my brother, Landon. Morrion lives "Morrion lives! Then he is—

"Yes, though I blush to say it, he is a slave in Rumalcowhiskeyhol's domain!"

"Know you that he lives, my princess?"

"I have seen him. He came to me in the cypress grove.

Rescue him from the monster, and on the day you restore him to us I will become your wife."

"It is enough. The task may be hard, because men who can

be trusted in such service are scarce; but were it an hundred

times more difficult than it is, believe me it should be accomplished. Your father will lend his aid?"

RUMALCOWHISKEYHOL-A MODERN MONSTER 825 "In men and means, yes, to the extent of his power ""It is enough."

thrice twelve months Landon had been training the For******* mighty forces that he was to lead against Rumalcowhiskeyhol.

First he had drilled the thought into their souls that they were always to look toward heaven when they came within range of the evil eye. Next he had trained them to close their lips and

cover their nostrils against the fiery breath, and with heart and soul to sing their own glad song of victory to drown the bellowing of the monster's voice. And against the lure of the shining

scales they had been warned until every one of them knew that rather than stoop to pick one from the mire, he would suffer his strong right arm to hang stricken at his side. And so every one

walked with head erect, nor deigned to look where fell the glitterings.

Many times Morrion had come to his sister in the cypress grove where she daily walked in the hope of seeing him. Each

time he came she saw that his walk was more staggering, that his form was more wasted, that his eyes were more bleared, than before.

Once she told him about the great plans being laid to rescue him, about the constant training of the forces under Landon.

"It is useless, sister,"he had said. "They drill to go up

against Rumalcowhiskeyhol. Did not I and my five hundred go

bravely out against him? And where are we? Most of us are

perished long ago. Those of us who survive, what are we?"

"It is because of this, Morrion, that the war must go on.And we will win. Landon is strong—

"Landon may be strong, sister, but if he goes to battle against us, he is lost!"

"Against us? Are you, then a willing slave?"

"There can be no slavery, sister, except for him who wills it so. The body, indeed, may be kept in bondage, but the spirit

can never be enthralled, so long as it chooses to be free."

"My brother,"Isa pleaded while she wept, "I have set Landon the task to rescue you. When he has done that he is to claim

my hand in marriage. Morrion, I love Landon. Should he

shall not lose. His cause is the cause of right! Hislose—but he

banner is the banner of humanity! This fight is a fight against

vice, against misery, against pauperism, against death! Oh,

brother, you will help us, you must!"

For a moment he hesitated, and the fond sister felt that her pleadings had won. Then the savage blare of the monster's voice

was heard; Morrion broke away from his sister's embrace, and

was gone.

That evening Landon came.

826 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Fear not, my princess,"he said, assuringly, when she had told him all the details of her brother's visit. "We shall surely

win when we are ready to lead our forces against the monster, and trust me, we shall find a way to save your brother.""But, Landon, if my brother will not be saved—

"He is under the evil spell. If he can be so hedged about

that he fall not in the fray, methinks he will return to his own gladly when once the terrible influence is removed. My belief

is that many of those who now consort with evil will join us gratefully when once the haunts of vice are sealed."

Thus assured, the princess trusted her cause with the noble knight; and when her brother came again, she only warned him

that he go not where the fight was thickest in the struggle that was to come.

And now they were on the eve of the decisive conflict. The

decree had gone forth from Landon that on the morrow Rumalcowhiskeyhol must be done to the death or driven from the kingdom with his every den forever closed; and Rumalcowhiskeyhol had snorted forth in derision and scorn his unmistakable

defiance. "Noble Landon,"the princess said, when he kissed her hand at parting, "do you think you will be able to destroy the monster?"

"We can scarcely hope that, my princess, since he has so many strongholds beyond our borders; but we shall give him

such terrible battle that in all our land he shall henceforth find no resting place."

"Is everything ready for tomorrow's conflict?"

"Everything. The uniform of the soldiers is perfect; their

banner is inspiring; their armor will be proof against every ashome'—sault; andno theirman willslogan,waver'Deathwhen heto hearsthe monsterthe call."is joy to the

"And the women's division?"

"Never was an array more beautiful! Those hundreds of

whiterobed women who will march at our right and sing of victory and peace, will be an inspiration under which no one can turn his back to the foe. It lacks but one thing to make it perfect."

"And that?"

"That the Princess Isa be its standardbearer. Think not,my beloved, that I would expose you to danger—

"But you once refused to let me join the ranks."

"Because then I feared. Now I am assured that no harm

can come to that division. Those women will not be influenced

by eye or breath or voice of Rumalcowhiskeyhol, neither will they stoop for the shining scales. And you may be of service to your brother. It is for him—

RUMALCOWHISKEYHOL—A MODERN MONSTER 827

"Enough, Landon. I shall go.''

"Good night, my princess."

"Good night, Landon."

The rising of the morning sun was the signal for Landon's forces to form in line of march. Long before that the blare of

the enemy had been heard and his fiery breath had been belched out to defile the morning air. Here and there were squads of

slaves who, like Morrion, had grown to love their slavery. These

made show of much bravado, while they already staggered with the breath that was upon them.

At noon the battle raged in all its fury. The monster, hard

pressed by the forces that now crowded upon him, shot glances from his evil eye the like of which men never had seen before.

He belched forth fiery breath that kindled into flame the very shrubbery in his pathway. His great red tongue lolled from his

mouth or rolled from side to side as though he would literally lick men from the earth. He bellowed and blared and snorted at

every breath such sounds as aforetime had stricken his foes with deadly fear. But Landon's forces, advancing, drove him steadily backward; and the women sang their triumphant songs as

they kept pace with the advancing legions.

At length, finding himself powerless to offer further resistance, the fierce Rumalcowhiskeyhol turned and began to throw here and there a few of his shining scales. It was useless. The

scales were trampled in the mire by the hosts of Landon. He

threw more scales and still more until his back and tail were almost bare. Finding that these availed him nothing, he bellowed forth his rage, lashed his great tail with all his fury, and

made rapid retreat toward the nearest border.

The soldiery pushed hard upon him with battleax and spear, and ever by their side the women marched radiant and joyous.

As they came near to one of the monster's old retreats a host of slaves poured forth through wideflung doors. With sickening

dread the princess looked upon them. A man in rich apparel was

supported as he walked by men in rags, and the filthy vomit on the rich was not less vile than that upon the beggar at his side.

Two women with emaciated forms and disheveled hair clutched at each other in fury over a string of yellow beads that a blearyeyed man had tossed them. There were ragged urchins and

; and following themswaggering youths, and bloated grandsires

some two score men and women of grave demeanor tried to keep up a show of respectability and order. Such was the following

of Rumalcowhiskeyhol.

As she was turning away in disgust, the princess saw her brother stagger from behind a tree. He stood irresolute when he

saw her approach but when she took him by the arm and spoke to him in tones of sympathy and comfort, he gladly went over to the 828 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ranks of Landon. So, too, did eight of his once brave companions.

At set of sun they returned to their homes triumphant. Morrion had received many wounds and scars in the haunts of the

monster, some of which he needs must carry to his death. But

he was still young and had yet hope of a vigorous manhood. There

were many others among the rescued whose lives were not seriously wrecked, and some whose only hope of happiness was in the sleep of death.,

The king and queen made a great feast to welcome the return of their son and celebrate the victory of Landon; and there

amid the joy and merrymaking of their loyal subjects, they gave to the noble knight of Landon, to be his happy bride, the beautiful Princess Isa.

So Isa was happy in her love, Morrion rejoiced in his freedom, and all the people of the realm were glad because the terror of Rumalcowhiskeyhol was ended.

The TellTale Two men Encamped beside a forest grove.

Heard in the wind a song.

It sang a lay of life well lived;

It sang of life lived wrong.

To one The moaning, mocking wind sang in

Accusing monotone Of wanton waste of precious time

Void yield of wild oats sown.

To one It sang, the cheery, laughing wind

Whilst whistling by in glee, Of happy hours of bygone years,

Of happy days to be.

And one That night tossed restlessly, reviewed

With pain his days ill spent.

And one reviewed his welllived days.

And that night smiled, content.

So live That every breeze will sing to thee

Of joy that none may mar.

Remember this, though joy or woe

It sings just what you are.

Guy C. Coleman

MIDWAY, UTAH

"'MormonismV Messageito the World"

During the later weeks of May, Elder James E. Talmage of

the Council of the Twelve made a journey of visitation to some of the conferences belonging to the Southern States Mission, which mission embraces ten states and comprises a Church membership of over twenty thousand souls. Elder Talmage was accompanied by President Charles A. Callis, who has been in charge

of the mission in the Southern States for practically a decade, and of whose ability and faithfulness Elder Talmage speaks in terms of brotherly commendation.

At Greenville, S. C, the brethren named officiated in dedicating a fine new church building on Sunday, May 21, 1916. The

structure is of brick, impressive in its simplicity and eloquent as a material testimony of the devotion of the people who have openly professed the gospel of Jesus Christ in that region.

President Callis and Elder Talmage held many meetings and addressed large assemblies in the South, notably at Greenville,

S. C, Atlanta, and Douglas, Ga., Jacksonville, Fla., and Chattanooga, Tenn. In every city where public meetings were held

the newspapermen had interviews with the visiting elders; and

likewise in all instances there were personal meetings of the brethren with the managing editors of the leading journals. At

each place visited a public meeting, previously advertised, was held, at which Elder Talmage spoke on the subject "'Mormonism's'Message to the World."Illustrative of the liberal consideration accorded to our people in the South, we present herewith

excerpts from the daily press which have come to hand and which contain much information, both in news and doctrine that will interest readers of the Era.

At Greenville, S. C, The Daily News and The Piedmont

printed lengthy accounts of the dedicatory services and of interviews with the visiting brethren. A portion of The Daily Nezvs

report as published in its issue of May 24, reads

In a brief but pleasant interview with The News, the gentlemen named freely discussed several phases of the "Mormon"question.

"The great desire of the 'Mormon'people,"said Dr. Talmage, "is to

have our fellow citizens know us as we are. I am delighted to find

such cordial relationship between our people and other religionists as is manifest in Greenville. Business and professional men and other

prominent citizens attended our recent services and remained to shake hands and bid us succeed in our efforts to speak the truth. Religious

toleration,"the Doctor continued, "is a cardinal tenet of 'Mormon'profession. One of our articles of faith reads, 'We claim the privilege

of worshiping Almighty God according to the dictates of our own 83C IMPROVEMENT ERA

conscience, and allow all men the same privilege, let them worship how, where, or what they may.'But of course, in all reason and

consistency, we draw a distinction between tolerance and acceptance.

We are sincere in believing that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is, as its name expresses, the Church of old restored and reestablished, and this in accordance with prophecy and assured prediction."

Inquiry as to the "Mormon"Bible drew from Dr. Talmage the

following statement: "There is no such book. We accept the authorized Bible, commonly known as the King James version. Although

we proclaim our belief that the Bible is the word of God, 'as far as it is translated correctly,'we do not claim mistranslations to exist except as such are admitted by philologists and biblical scholars generally.

The Book of Mormon is a separate volume of scripture, giving an account of the dealings of God with mankind on the western continent, even as the Holy Bible is the record of people who lived on the eastern hemisphere. The Book of Mormon and the Bible are in

harmony so far as their respective records run parallel; and in no

sense is one opposed to the other, or either the substitute for the other."President Callis expressed his appreciation,of the earnest and devoted spirit exhibited by the people in the local branch, and in the

Southern States Mission generally. "There are at present,"said he,

"between two and three thousand members of the Church in South

Carolina, and a correspondingly large membership in each of the other states within the mission. Our splendid church building, just

dedicated, here in Greenville, is one of many such structures already in service, and several others are in prospect. The business men of

this region have extended to us many courtesies in the erection of our church, and we have appreciated to the full the liberal terms, and the prompt delivery with which our calls for building material and other supplies have been met. The people are coming to understand that

we desire only their welfare and betterment, and that the gospel we preach is the gospel of love."

In Atlanta, Ga., Elders Talmage and Callis were interviewed

bv representatives of the three important dailies, The Constitution,

The Georgian, and The Journal, and, furthermore, had a pleasant visit with the Mayor of Atlanta, Hon. J. G. Woodward. Each of

the three papers named published extended reports of the meetings held in Atlanta. The following excerpt, taken from The

Atlanta Constitution of May 25, refers to a personal interview with Mr. Clark Howell, editorin-chief of that large and influential paper:

In reply to an inquiry as to the distinguishing features of "Mormonism,"Dr. Talmage said: "One feature peculiar to 'Mormonism'

is the proclamation of current revelation from God to man. We believe in the same organization as existed in the primitive Church and

therefore that apostles and prophets are essential today as they were anciently. We do not believe that the authority of the holy priesthood has continued in unbroken succession from the apostolic period

following the personal ministry of Jesus Christ, for a great falling away was foreseen and predicted.

"We hold that a reasonable interpretation of history demonstrates the actuality of the general apostasy. A restoration of the holy priest-

"MORMONISM'S"MESSAGE TO THE WORLD 831 hood became necessary, and this restoration was effected through the instrumentality of Joseph Smith, under whose ministry the restored

Church was established as an earthly organization in 1830.

"We are commonly known as 'Mormons,'the name having reference to the Book of Mormon, which is a translation of ancient records giving an account of the aboriginal peoples of the western continent; but the true name of our organization is the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."

Concerning the institution known as plural marriage or more commonly as polygamy, which has been so generally associated with "Mormon"faith and practice in the popular mind, Dr. Talmage explained as follows: "As a practice, plural marriage has been definitely

relinquished by the Church; and any attempt to enter into marital relationships contrary to the secular law is punished by excommunication

from the Church. The Church authorities are rigorous in their enforcement of this prohibition, for it is one of the cardinal tenets of

the Church that its people shall be subject to the laws of the state and community in which they live.

"That plural marriage was once countenanced by the Church under specific regulation is freely admitted and generally known, but when the federal statutes prohibiting its practice were declared constitutional, plural marriage was forbidden by action of the Church, officially assembled in general conference.

"The Church as a body is greater than any of its officers and this action cannot be annulled or set aside by any authority other than that of the Church itself. Much,of the misunderstanding on this subject,"continued Dr. Talmage, "is due to the confusion of plural marriage with our institution of celestial marriage. The latter is a contract of marriage, duly solemnized under the authority of the holy

priesthood, whereby the parties are united not as in marriage for the period of mortal life only—until death doth them part—but for time

and for all eternity.

"This we regard as the true order of sealing in marriage and the solemn ordinance is administered only in the temples, which are erected and maintained for these and other sacred rites. No ceremony

of sealing in celestial marriage is performed unless the parties are duly licensed to wed under the laws of the state."

Dr. Talmage is well known in scientific and scholastic circles. He

was for many years connected with the University of Utah as its president and as professor of geology, and is a life fellow of many learned bodies, including the geological societies of England and

America, the Philosophical Society of Great Britain and the Royal

Society of Edinburgh.

He is an author of several works on theological, doctrinal, and scientific subjects, among which are "Great Salt Lake, Present and

Past,""Articles of Faith,""Great Apostasy,""House of the Lord,"which is an exhaustive treatment of "Mormon"temple rites, and "Jesus the Christ."

When the visitors reached Jacksonville, Fla., they found that

advance notices of their coming, and of the meetings to be held, had been published; and comprehensive reports of the meetings

appeared later in the two Jacksonville daily papers, The Florida

TimesUnion and The Florida Metropolis. Part of the report

printed in The TimesUnion of May 27, follows:

832 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Dr. Talmage led up to his main subject by explaining how the

"Mormons"got their name:

"We were first called 'Mormons,'"said he, "because of the fame attached to the Book,of Mormon, a volume accepted by us as scripture, but in no way as a substitute for the holy Bible, which we esteem as the word of God as do Christians generally. The Book of Mormon

gives an account of the dealings of God with the early inhabitants of the western continent. The true name of the organization to which

we belong is the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and the message of the Church to the world is largely expressed in that name.

We affirm that the holy priesthood, which is the authority to preach and administer the saving ordinances of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, ceased to be operative through the great apostasy that followed the apostolic ministry of old, and that while many religious sects arose and many churches were organized with good intent and worthy purpose on the initiative of men, the Church of old could be established anew only through the restoration of the holy priesthood by direct dispensation from the heavens.

"'Mormonism'affirms the actuality of present day revelation, through prophets and apostles as in the primitive Church. While the

plan of the gospel is unchangeable and eternal, and while holy writ embodies that plan, authority to administer therein is essential to the existence of the Church of Christ. Continuous revelation is in harmony with the spirit of the age, and along every line of human aspiration and endeavor, save only in religion and the science of the gospel,

we live in daily expectation of new truths, additional discoveries, and increasing knowledge. 'Mormonism'appeals to the world as a religion up to date, down to date, and in every way adapted to the needsof mankind. *****

"'Mormonism'proclaims the divine origin of man—that verily he

belongs to the lineage of the gods and that to the possibilities of his advancement and achievement there is no end. He is born heir to the

birthright of individual agency, and is free to choose or reject, with the just and inevitable condition that he assumes responsibility for his choice, and abides the consequences. Recognition of agency implies and enforces toleration of the beliefs and religious practices of

others, provided only that religious observances shall in no measure be in violation of law nor a trespass upon the liberties of other t"y> Ati * * * * *H * "'Mormonism'affirms the near advent of the Lord Jesus Christ, who, in accordance with his own prediction and the words of inspired prophets, shall come to earth in person, to rule and reign through the millennial era. All the signs of the time point to the imminence of

his coming; and the mission of the Church is to prepare the earth

and its people for that great development, which shall be, verily, the consummation of the ages."

The next issue of the Era will contain a number of very interesting extracts culled from the southern papers, along similar lines. (to be continued.)

Are You Ready to Work?

"We Stand for Stateand Nationwide Prohibition"—M. I. A.

Slogan

BY ELDER HEBER J. GRANT

[Superintendent Heber J. Grant was given twenty minutes to introduce the M. I. A. slogan for 1916 at the joint general conference of

our organizations, in the Assembly Hall, Friday, June 9. The full text

of his address follows. If, as a worker in the M. I. A., young man or

young woman, you are in harmony with the slogan, you have an immediate duty to perform: join with people in your district of like mind,

in your political party, organize, select your candidates, pledge them to the cause, attend the primary in your district, present and elect candidates to the county nominating convention, pledge them to elect candidates for the legislature and for the state convention, men or women who will vigorously and aggressively stand for the slogan, so that no candidate in any party for the state legislature or for a state office, from the governor down, will be elected who will not work to do away with whiskey and the saloon in Utah. Notice that the work begins now, and that the paramount thing is to plan and arrange to

carry the primaries in your political party. If you are beaten there,

your voting at the polls on election day counts for nothing in the cause. So, carry the primaries. Elder Grant tells why we should

have statewide prohibition in Utah. Editors.]

I am informed by the committee that twenty minutes will: "Stateand Nationbe allowed to me to talk upon our slogan

wide Prohibition."

If there is one subject above another that I am interested in and pleased to talk upon, it is this question of stateand nationwide prohibition. I believe that Utah should have been the first

state in the Union to have adopted state prohibition, because the; for the further reason I ord has given to us a prohibition law

that the Lord has given to us as a people, the Word of Wisdom for our temporal salvation and advancement and that we might ishave hidden treasures of knowledge. The Word of Wisdom

today a commandment of the Lord to us, first given to us not bv constraint or commandment,"but of later years, given to us Kbv the Prophet Brigham Young and by the Prophet Joseph

Smith, as a commandment to this people. Therefore we as a

people, should have been the pioneers in this great reform for the benefit of mankind.

834 IMPROVEMENT ERA

It is unnecessary for me to say anything to you here today regarding the advantages that would come from prohibition. All

who have made any study of the question know that the drinking of liquor is responsible for 25 per cent of all the insanity, 25 per cent of all the vagrancy, and 75 per cent of all the crime that is committed in our country. The government of the United States

collects over $200,000,000 a year revenue from this traffic. It is

estimated that $31 per capita is used by the people of the United

States in expenditure for liquor; so that there is about $3,000,-

000,000 worth consumed; or in other words, the government only

collects about 10 per cent of the amount of what is paid out for this stuff that destroys the bodies and the souls of men.

STATEWIDE PROHIBITION AND PERSONAL LIBERTY

Now as to the question regarding statewide prohibition:

there are people who are opposed to it, on the ground that it will interfere with personal liberty. I desire to read to you something

upon this question of personal liberty, by ExGovernor Hanley, of

Indiana. What he has said is so much better than I could possibly say, that I will quote him:

You have a daughter—splendid, beautiful and fragrant as a mornfit to be mated ing in June, with all its music and sunshine—a daughter

to an Apollo, a king! I come to you and say to you: "I am a man

of lawful age, I am sound of body and clean of soul. I love your

daughter. I want her for my wife, and I ask you to give her to me,

to give her to me, body and soul."I am putting to you a supreme

if you yield assent at question—one that makes you thoughtful—and

all it is only upon the condition that I will go with you and with her, into God's holy temple, and before his high altar, and in the presence of his minister and under the ordinances of the Church and the laws of the commonwealth in which we live, and pledge myself in solemn compact and myself to her, and to you, that if you covenant—pledge give her to me I will love, cherish and defend her with my life. Thai

is the condition. I assent to it. I go with you and with her, into

God's holy temple, and in the presence of his minister, under the solemnity of the ordinances of the Church and the laws of the state, I solemnly enter into that compact and sign and seal it with my honor.

Then I take her away. You have given to me the dearest treasure

of your her to me—and I have accepted her under the life—given

sanction of the highest and holiest of covenants. But the next day I

come back to you and say to you, that, notwithstanding this covenant, and the solemnity in which I entered upon it, in the name of personal liberty I have a right to drink a thing that will make it impossible for me to perform my part of the covenant—come to you and say I have a

right to drink a thing that will send me home to her, your daughter, whom I have so taken, a frenzied fiend; send me home to her to beat

her flesh and scar her soul—that in the name of personal liberty I

have a right to drink a thing after T have taken her to myself and through her begotten children—that in the name of personal liberty

I have a right to drink a thing that will put the fire of degeneracy into her children's blood, the frenzy of insanity into their brain, and the rack of palsy into their hands. Men and women, hear me! That

ARE YOU READY TO WORK? 835

thing is not liberty! It's crime! Crime before God! Crime before men!

DEPENDENT PERSONS Again, I quote ExGovernor Hanley, on the most appalling and awful effects of this mindand bodydestroying traffic

There are in the custodial care of my state (Indiana) more than 12,000 men and women—more than 5,000 of them insane! In the custodial care,of state, county and city there are more than 4,000 dependent children! In the custodial care of the state alone, more than

1,200 feebleminded children! There are more than 3,000 other men

and women in county asylums. And in 1913 we jailed in a single year

a vast army of men and women—more than 40,000, 18,000 of them for

being found drunk in a public place—and gave in the same year outside poor relief to another army of more than 51,000 men and women!

What a mighty army they constitute, this army of the dependent, the defective, the degenerate and the criminal—more than one hundred and ten thousand—one person out of every twentyfive in all the population of the commonwealth!

Who feeds this army of the dependent, the defective, the degenerate, the criminal? Who clothes it? Who houses it? Who pays for

its care? Four million dollars a year! In my state my people pay,

my people pay!

And so the people of Utah pay, and so do the people of every state pay. For every dollar that is paid in revenue for this

liquor traffic, there is one dollar wasted, to say nothing of the destruction of the bodies and the souls of those that use the liquor.

INTERSTATE SHIPMENTS Congress was petitioned to and did enact a law preventing interstate shipments of liquor from wet to dry territories. William Howard Taft, as president of the United States, vetoed it.

Why? Because in his language it was unwarranted and an unconstitutional delegation of federal power to the states.

Commenting upon the president's veto, ExGovernor Hanley says: By declaring a delegation of power over interstate shipments of liquor to the states to be an unwarranted and unconstitutional delegation of federal power to the states, the liquor traffic and William

Howard Taft have made the prohibition of the traffic a federal question, and a national issue, knocking at the door of Congress until that door opens and an affirmative answer is made. It will remain a federal question and a national issue, knocking at the door of the White

House at Washington, until some new Abraham Lincoln, keeping step with the progress of the race, and catching a vision of a saloonless land, a sober people, and a stainless flag, shall issue a new emancipation proclamation.

Our forefathers gave liberty to themselves, but they failed to give liberty to the blacks, and they reaped, according to Mr. Hanley, the

following: Lived to reap it in sixteen thousand millions of money expended and property destroyed.

Lived to reap it in 550,000 newmade graves.

Lived to reap it in the red hours at Chancellorsville; in the car-

836 IMPROVEMENT ERA

nage at Antietam; in the sacrificial baptism at Fredericksburg; in the

crimson woods at Chickamauga.

Lived to reap it in the three red days at Gettysburg, in the wheatfield and among the trembling hills at Spottsylvania and at Cold

Harbor.

Now, what are we reaping because of the compact with the liquor people for revenue to carry on the war?

Reaping it in 450,000 men and women convicted of crime in this nation every year, 300,000 of whom are victims of this traffic.

In 400,000 insane men and women—men and women bereft of

reason, 100,000 of whom are victims of this traffic.

Reaping it in 50,000 little children who fall in this nation every year, 67 per cent of whom are the victims of this traffic.

Reaping it in national decay, in moral degeneracy.

Reaping it in manfailure, in womanfailure, in this nation mean institutional failure—failure of institutions for which they have died at

the battle's front, sad only that they had but one life to give. There

are those who pray for more men in this country. I utter a better

prayer than that. I pray not for more men in my country, but for

more man in the men who are in my country. But we will get no

more man in the men who are in the country until the country rids itself of this hateful thing that debauches daily the man in the men of the country.

BEER DRINKING

By the investigation of a German professor, it was found in beerdrinking Munich, that out of 100 babies born, 72 are unsound. The same professor visited prohibition Maine and found

7\ babies out of each 100. I believe beyond the l/2 soundborn

shadow of doubt that there are 98 per cent of all babies born in the homes of the Latterday Saints who obey the Word of Wisdom, sound of body and mind. Dr. Carolyn E. Geisel estimates

that onehalf of all the babies born in the United States do not even reach childhood, and the great cause of it is this terrible liquor traffic. She says also

The man who drags his soul through the shame of a licensed saloon, takes out of his unborn baby its vitality, literally cashes it in, and the child is born feeble, cannot live because its father—and sometimes, oh, the shame of it, its mother—has cashed in its little life for

alcohol.

Let me tell you what I saw. A feeble old woman—not as old as

I am, but with bowed head and bent back. She made her feeble way

down the corridor in murderers'row in Joliet prison. I saw her there

a few weeks ago. She came along murderers'row until she stood in

front of a grated cell, then put her thin lips up and kissed a big, strapping fellow on the other side of the bars. She turned away and would

have fallen; I helped her, and she began to cry, "Doesn't God know?

He was drunk when he did it; he is not to blame. His father was a

drunkard—and he must hang."And then when she was quiet again,

when I had helped her to get quiet the best I could, she began pacing up and down on the green grass and wringing her hands, crying, "Doesn't God know? That is my oldest boy, my firstborn son; but

I have two other boys younger than he. Must they go the same

way?"ARE YOU. READY TO WORK? 837

They must, and so must others who are born with this degenerate fire in their brains. Now, we have "Stateand Nationwide Prohibition"as our slogan. Faith without works is dead

What are we going to do to get statewide prohibition? Are we

going to stay at home from the primaries? Are we going to vote

for people that have not pledged themselves against the traffic?

I maintain that if the young men and the young women, of our

Mutuals, over 60,000 strong, shall rise up and livwork—with a

ing faith, attending every primary, and having every man pledged, we have the power to secure this great boon.

I would like to read more from this book entitled, Speeches of the Flying Squadron. I would like to read of where this lady

whom I have last quoted says that if you will only give the women the vote, they will mop up every saloon in the country. The

women have the vote in Utah, and if they in connection with the young men and young women of the Mutual Improvement Associations will only do their part, prohibition will come without fail.

When? Right now. Do not allow a primary to go by but what

you are organized with men and women selected to be there to vote and intelligently and to a known purpose. You are the rulers, you

are the sovereign people. No man should ever represent Utah in

any place or position of trust, unless he has stood up and declared himself, unequivocally, without any mental reservation, upon his honor as a man, that he will stand for this thing.

WHAT THE EDITOR OF THE ERA SAYS

Let me read from an editorial in our own official organ, the

Improvement Era:

It is a well known fact that Church leaders and Latterday Saints generally are strongly in favor of temperance—have preached it for

many years, and not only believe in voluntary temperance by which people become strong by personal choice, which is the best temperance by far—but they believe in prohibition, if necessary, by which a guardianship is thrown about the young and the weak to keep them temperate. I wish to say here, once for all, that I am unalterably in favor

is opposed of statewide temperance and prohibition—I care not who

to it nor whose cause is in conflict.

One other thought. At the recent legislature numerously signed

petitions were received from the people asking for statewide prohibition. The legislature did not see fit to heed these prayers. Now let

the people act, and prove their sincerity by closing the saloons wherever this is possible, and make good their declarations and desires by sending to the next legislative body such representatives as will comply with their demands for statewide prohibition. That is

the procedure.

This procedure was followed. The law was passed by the

people's representatives, but the law failed because it was not signed. See to it that we send again men to the legislature who

will pass a prohibition law and also elect a man who will sign it.

God bless you. Amen.

NEW LATTERDAY SAINTS MEETINGHOUSE IN SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA

The new Latterday Saints meeting house at San Diego, California, was dedicated on Sunday, May 21, 1916, by President Joseph F. Smith. The chapel was erected this

year at No. 3715, on the corner of Tenth street and Pennsylvania avenue. Services

were held at 10 o'clock a. m., being presided over by President Joseph F. Smith, with

Joseph E. Robinson, President of the California Mission, conducting the exercises, and

at 2 and 7 p. m., the dedicatory prayer being offered by President Smith at the 2

o'clock meeting.

Besides President Joseph F. Smith, Elder A. W. Ivins of the Quorum of the

Twelve, and Elder Joseph E. Robinson, president of the California mission, there were

present Mrs. Julina L. Smith of the general presidency of the Relief Soceities of the

Church, and Mrs. Minnie A. Robinson, mission president of the Relief Societies in

California, and a large number of elders and lady missionaries. The program on Sunday morning consisted of a chorus, "Great God Attend,"and the invocation was offered by Bishop Thomas Holland, of Roy, Utah. A chorus, "Arise, O Glorious Zion,"

was given by the choir, followed by remarks by President Joseph F. Smith and Clifford Cummings. A solo, "Let me walk with God,"was given by Harold M. Anderson,

followed by remarks by E. Wesley Smith. The closing song was "Glorious Things are

Sung of Zion,"and benediction was offered by Daniel R. Kemp.

At the dedicatory services at 2 o'clock, the congregation sang "We Thank Thee,

O God, for a Prophet,"and the invocation was offered by A. M. Anderson. The choir

sang "O How Amiable,"followed by remarks by President Joseph E. Robinson. Miss

Johanna Gobel sang a contralto solo, "My Faith in Thee,"followed by remarks by

Elder A. W. Ivins.

Preceding the dedicatory prayer, a chorus, "This House We Dedicate to Thee,"was rendered, followed by remarks and the dedicatory prayer by President Joseph F.

Smith. The choir sang "invocation."Prayer by Elder Anthony W. Ivins.

At the services at 7 o'clock, "From Afar, Gracious Lord"was sung by the choir, followed by invocation by Elder Stephen Bjarnson. "An Angel from on High,"duet

and chorus, by Alice Michelsen, Florence Turnbaugh and choir,'followed, after which remarks were made by President Bjarnson. A duet, "Be Thou Merciful,"was sung

bv President Joseph Robinson and daughter. Virginia Ellis read a poem, "Our Church."

Elder Stanley Ivins followed with remarks and a solo was sung by Miss Johanna

Gobel and then Elder A. W. Ivins spoke. President Smith followed. The closing song

was given, by the congregation. The officers of the San Diego branch are: Stephen

Bjarnson, Daniel R. Kemp, William H. Cooper, Morris H. Ellison, with Harold M.

Anderson chorister, and Eva Driver organist.

The services were full of interest. President Smith spoke at each of the meetings

and there were present at the dedicatory services over three hundred people, among them being many non-"Mormons,"including one or two ministers. The very best of

attention was paid throughout and many courtesies extended to the visiting authorities at the close of each meeting.

From the financial statement read hy President Robinson, it appeared that the cost of the chapel is approximately $7,000.

The M. I. A. Annual Conference

The M. I. A. Conference which closed on the 11th of June,

after a session of four days, was unusually inspiring and encourfirstaging to workers in the Mutual Improvement cause. From

to last the meetings bristled with life and inspiration for all the workers. Every moment was occupied, and the officers and representatives from all parts of the Church were not only kept busy

but were given material that will be of great value and instruction in their work. The scout activities and the BeeHive

girl work during the first day clearly demonstrated the intense interest taken in these departments and lent enthusiastic encouragement to the officers. With the scout work the paramount question is leadership, for much difficulty has been encountered in

obtaining enthusiastic and able directors and scout masters. The

conference, however, demonstrated that we have them coming on.

The day closed with a splendid encampment and exercises in the

Gymnasium for scout leaders, in which talks were given by National Committeeman A. W. Ivins, and Orson F. Whitney and

Brigham H. Roberts.

The spirited officers'meetings joint and separate were full of inspiration to the large representation who attended. All but

one stake out of seventytwo were represented by officers of the

I A., and a legitimate excuse was presented for thatY M M to the carrying out of ourKanab. Many new ideas relating

numerous activities were considered, and definite and conclusive instructions were given and adopted that will improve and simit more effective. 1 lie plify the work and at the same time make

reading course, special activities, the scheme for efficiency, report;

and publications, as well as the adopted standards for better social work, not forgetting the work for prohibition, and the spirited instructions on this subject by Superintendent Heber J Grant were among the items pertinent to the needs and the we fare ot the young people, and were hailed with delight by the workers 'Thefast meeting on Sunday morning demonstrated that the is as deeprooted in the hearts of spiritual side of Mutual work the young people as ever. The Assembly hall at the early hour

of 8-30 on that beautiful Sabbath morning was filled with devout officers who came to worship. The testimonies of the brethren

and sisters, workers in the associations, were full of inspiration, 840 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and the Spirit of the Lord was manifest to such a degree that not only the authorities upon the stand but many who sat in the congregation wept with joy and were filled with the Holy Ghost.

The contest work was better and more efficient than ever, and the singing and public speaking and contests attracted large congregations of interested listeners. The winners will be

featured in the August Era.

The general speeches on Sunday, particularly that of President Joseph F. Smith on the "Observance of the Sabbath Day

and Proper Dress,"and of Nephi L. Morris on "How the Gospel

Can Be Taught Through Pioneer Experiences,"were great features of the conference. Elder Brigham H. Roberts at the

evening service spoke masterfully on the subject: "But Ye are a

Chosen Generation, a Royal Priesthood, an Holy Nation, a

Peculiar People."His sermon covered practically the whole

ground of instructions, and brought forcibly before the congregation the lessons that had been given by President Smith on the matter of dress and the observance of the Sabbath day, as well as vital topics touched upon by other speakers of the conference.

The Era for August will contain the conference resolutions, speeches, and much of the vital and technical information'that

Mutual officers and others interested in the social, industrial and religious welfare of the youth of Zion, will find necessary in their work.

How to Get Prohibition

The M. I. A. slogan was presented and spoken of on two or

three occasions during the late June conference; namely, "We

Stand for Stateand Nationwide Prohibition."This commendable

declaration, if backed up by the community in Utah, will have tarreaching effect. If the people of Utah are ready for prohibition, it can come as well as not at the fall elections. But if it is

to come, there will be grave need of prompt and enthusiastic action in every precinct of the state, and in every party. This

action should lead to the organization of those who are favorable to prohibition to carry the nominations in each and every precinct at the primaries. Onlv such men should be nominated for the state

and county conventions as will pledge themselves to stand for this slogan, and to vote for no candidates, for the legislature, or for governor, or for other state position who will not pledge themselves to stand for prohibition.

It is not enough that we have friends who vote at the election, but the work that must be done before election is what counts, otherwise on the dav of election we shall have no choice. The

EDITORS* TABLE 841

other side is in the field. One man at least,, a Mr. Brown, a representative of the eastern liquor interests, has organized under

the subterfuge of establishing a business league, all who are willing to come to his standard. These will have to be

reckoned with at the primaries. This combination has any amount

of money, and will make every effort to carry the primaries for men who will oppose prohibition and stand for the saloon and all its concomitants. Three things, the friends of prohibition in

Utah should remember, and get immediately to work at them:

(1) Organize; (2) have pledged people in sufficient numbers at

the primaries to carry the nominations to state and county conventions, of men and women who are pledged to destroy the influence of the saloon; (3) have every nominee for office in the

state in every party pledged in like manner. This requires work,

and work, too, for the love of the cause. There is no money to

expend, as in the case of the breweries and liquor interests who are willing to scatter broadcast untold thousands in gold to purchase or to defeat the will of the people, for there are many weak souls who seem willing to take money and sell their vote for a mess of pottage.

President Smith at San Diego

President Joseph F. Smith, prior to his prayer at the

dedication of the Latterday Saints church in San Diego, Cal.,

in his introductory remarks called attention very feelingly to the attendance of little children and welcomed them to the meeting which, bvthe-by, was so crowded that many were compelled to stand. He said, as reported in part by President

Stephen Riarnson, that he would prefer to stand during the entire service rather than see one of the little children turned away from the church. The Latterday Saints build their

churches with a view to care for the needs of children. The

house of worship is a place in which we may learn the truth of the gospel and in which we may be built up spiritually. The Saints

believe that men in their wisdom cannot without the Spirit of God understand the things of God, and hence the need of spiritual education. The Lord can and does reveal His will to the lowly,

the meek and the humble. The Latterday Saints affirm that

it is thereforeGod has revealed himself to men in this day. and

reasonable that he should require that we should be as respectful and considerate of his children in this day as he was in the days of Moses and Abraham.

He declared that the Latterday Saints believe in clean, good, wholesome, elevating social recreation, and that some of these diversions mav be held in a house of worship. They may be

842 IMPROVEMENT ERA made acceptable to the Lord if properly conducted. We do not

believe in the new, fashionable dances. They are suggestive of

lust and are sinful and harmful. We deplore participation in then

is theby any of the Latterday Saints. We believe that the earth

Lord's and the fulness thereof, and the things of this earth are not ours but the Lord's which is evidenced by the fact that we leave everything behind when we pass from this existence. Therefore, if we have a farm or a house we should dedicate it to him

and receive him as a partner, asking his blessings upon it and seeking his advice concerning its management. We should not

be unmindful of the great Giver nor respect the gift more than the Giver. Frequently many blessings come to men through

PRESIDENT AND MRS. JULINA SMITH, AT SAN DIEGO

President Robinson at the extreme left and Elder Ivins just back of Mrs. Smith.

accident and misfortune, and therefore it is the duty of men not to blame God nor to charge him in affliction. If men sin, God

is not acountable for it. Every individual must answer for every

act in his life. We wish to go to heaven on the platform of

worthiness and on no other. "I do not want to be compelled to

p;o to heaven in sin, for consciousness of sin will be damnation."

We have been given free agency in this life in order that we may develop and progress. He deplored the fact that some teachers

of men influence mankind toward the infamous doctrine of deathbed repentance, implying that men may sin, and then on their deathbed repent and be forgiven and even exalted. He declared his amazement that men of intelligence frequently looked

upon the doctrines of the Latterday Saints with condemnation,

EDITORS'TABLE 843

but declared that when men learn their virtues they will cease to condemn them. Those who have been leaders of the Church have

been men of God as great and good as any that ever lived upon the earth, according to the intelligence which God had given them.

As for himself he would let others judge of him, but he was positive that no one could say he had ever wronged them, and further that no leader of the Church had ever counseled any man to do evil.

Conditions in Northern Mexico

A glimpse of the conditions in Mexico was given by Elder

A. W. Ivins, of the quorum of the Twelve Apostles, in his speech

in San Diego at the dedication of the new meetinghouse of the

Latterday Saints, May 21, as reported to the Era, by President

Stephen Bjarnson. Elder Ivins had just returned from Mexico

and contrasted the conditions in that country with those which prevailed there four years ago. All the bridges and railways between the colonies and the United States border some one hundred and fifty miles distant had been destroyed; buildings have

been razed to the ground, and devastation in general has taken place in that country. Through the providence of God the people

of our colonies have been well provided for, notwithstanding all this tumult and destruction. They have escaped the wrath of the

rebels on various occasions, some of which were wonderful and almost miraculous. They have been required to give their provisions on many occasions to the raiders in very large quantities,

but on the other hand they have been blessed by the yield of abundant crops. The Latterday Saints in their cities in Mexico

had established equal rights, good schools, and a high standard of morals. Among them the use of tobacco and liquor were unknown. They were prosperous and peaceful, in the midst of

neighbors who were povertystricken and in confusion. This is

an illustration of what the gospel does, and he was bold in declaring that if the gospel of Christ were lived by all men and women they would find salvation and peace in this world and eternal life in the kingdom of God. He expressed the opinion

that in due time the Lord will effect a peaceful condition in stricken Mexico, where the war is a war between servants and pitiless masters. He voiced the hope that righteousness, truth,

and liberty will be established as a result of this fearful and long drawn out conflict.

844 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Books Books Received.—"Thoughts on Business,"by Waldo Pondray

Warren, Forbes & Co., Chicago, 260 pages, price $1. A short and

pointed business help. It will give a young man a thousand helpful

hints on succeeding in business.

"Wealth from the Soil,"by C. C. Bowsfield, by the same publishers, 320 pages, price $1. A special help to townspeople who contemplate farming or gardening. It treats, as well, how animal industry may be made to pay.

Public Schools of Salt Lake City.—The Era is indebted to Supt.

I). H. Christensen for the twentyfifth annual "Report of the Public

Schools of Salt Lake City,"for the year ending June 30, 1915. It shows

that there were 26,347 children between the ages of six and eighteen years in Salt Lake City for the period ending July 31 that year. Of

these, 12,960 were boys and 13,387 girls. All of these can read and

write except 1,548 boys and 1,508 girls. The gain of school population is 727 over the figures of the preceding year. The most notable

outside event of the school year was the survey made of the entire school system which had been authorized the preceding year, and which important document was published on June 30, 1915. There

were all told 74 men teachers and 509 women in the 33 schools of the city. Out of this number, 84 were high school teachers—27 men and

57 women.

The Y. L. M. I. A. Song Book, volume one, consisting of quartets, trios, solos and duets for ladies'voices, has just been issued

from the press, published by the General Board of the Young Ladies'

Mutual Improvement Association. It contains ten quartets, seven

trios, four solos, and one duet, principally productions of home talent, both words and music. The musicians represented are Evan Stephens, E. Beesley, J. J. Daynes, Tracy Y. Cannon, William C. Clive, B.

Cecil Gates, George Careless, John J. McClellan, Charles J. Thomas,

C. W. Reid, Edna H. Coray, Laura S dgwick Collins and Joseph Scoville. The song writers are Blanch K. McKey, S. C. Watson, W. W.

Phelps, Ruth May Fox, Susa Young Gates, Bertha A. Kleinman, Sophia Valentine, Alfred Lambourne, Rose Thomas Graham, Grace

Ingles Frost, William H. Apperley, Eliza R. Snow, Edna H. coray,

Kate Thomas, and Joseph Scoville. The idea is commendable. The

book is a very creditable publication, which will undoubtedly receive the support it so richly deserves from the musicians of the energetic

I. A. In the foreword we areand splendid organization—the Y. L. M.

told that all the selections are composed specially for ladies'voices, and are suited to our Church ideals. From the fact that this is marked

volume one, we are led to believe that other volumes of a similar character will follow.

"The Mormon Battalion and Its Monument"is the title of a brochure of fiftysix pages, which is a compilation of data for sculptors cind architects. It is published by order of the State of Utah Mormon Battalion Commission, which was created by act of the legislature of the State of Utah at its eleventh session. Seven residents of

the state compose the commission, who are serving without pay, and "whose duty it shall be to select a proper site upon the Capitol

EDITORS'TABLE 845

grounds, and procure a suitable design for a monument to commemorate the important contribution made to the early settlement and development of the State of Utah, and the western portion of this country by the Mormon Battalion."It is also the duty of the commission to report their acts and recommendations to the twelfth

session of the legislature. An expenditure of $1,000 was appropriated for carrying out the provisions of the act. The names of the

commissioners are: B. H. Roberts, chairman; Mary Jones Clawson,

George S. Goodwin, William H. Pettigrew, John S. Bransford, John

K. Hardy, May Belle T. Davis, secretary. The purpose of the brochure

is to place in the hands of sculptors and architects some information which will give them in condensed form a true skeleton of the battalion story, and to give them the right viewpoint respecting the call and service of this body of United States volunteers, so that those who may design the monument may do so from the right point of view. The object of the brochure is to give this point of view for

their benefit. There are articles describing the Utah state capitol

grounds, by John K. Hardy; description of the twothousand mile

march of the Mormon Battalion, by May Belle Thurman Davis;

sketches of General Philip St. George Cooke, who commanded the

Battalion, and staff; a letter from the daughter of General Cooke;

brief sketches of the five Battalion captains—-Jefferson Hunt, Jesse D.

Hunter, James Brown, Nelson Higgins and Daniel C. Davis; an account of the Battalion at San Diego, by Mary J. Clawson, and "The

Mormon Battalion in the Perspective of Seventy Years,"by B. H.

Roberts. He recounts that the movements with which this famous

body of soldiers was identified and that made it possible for the development of the great West, were: The conquest of Mexico; The

opening of the highways; The introduction of irrigation among

AngloSaxon people, and the discovery of gold in California. He

points out that the achievements of the Mormon Battalion are not local and sectarian, but belong to the conquest of the great West and to the Nation. For that reason a monument worthy of its work is

now suggested. Not only are the sculptors and architects, who are

asked to make the designs for this monument, interested in this collection of data relating to the Mormon Battalion, but it is of great moment to the citizens of Utah and the West generally. The propriety of erecting such a monument cannot be questioned, and the

act of the last legislature creating the commission to arrange for its erection must meet the hearty approval of every citizen of the state.

Messages from the Missions

Friends for Life

Elder E. J. Sorensen, president of the Oklahoma conference, Central States mission, writes: "Our conference never was in better or

more prosperous condition. The number of baptisms have been larger

than ever before, and the Saints are living their religion better than in the past. In the matter of holding meetings and the distribution of

literature, the elders have succeeded admirably. Elders, back row,

left to right: G. N. Wray, Blackfoot, Idaho; H. P. Oldroyd, Glenwood, Utah; Conference President E. A. Bennion, Logan; former Conference President E. J. Sorensen, Bear River City; R. W. Turner,

.

846 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Riverton, Idaho; D. H. Price, Samaria; R. B. Perkins, Montpelier,

Idaho; front row: H. J. Winkler, Bluebell, Utah; L. Archibald, Dayton, Idaho; E. S. Hess, Salt Lake City, Utah; C. K. Wade, Guthrie;

Walt Sturgell, El Reno, Oklahoma; George A. Smith, Cedar City;

C. Smith, Beaver, Utah."

Missionaries of the Tahitian Mission

Back row, left to right: Otha Stephens, Ogden; Alma G. Burton,

Salt Lake; George W. Burbidge, Salt Lake; Albert Touse, Salt Lake;

*%/fc ajr "ap 'JJHUL

iv W 'i llfeJftJI n BHB H*

',''( lOS*-'"'-- ir ] y 1 f - 12 Iwi v"*l?7wjH %\;M Ot'W L

* / Jj f;'v'M

fg

William Orton, North Ogden; Alfred Compton, Ogden. Eront row:

Venus R. Rossiter, Mission President Ernest C. Rossiter, Margaret

Compton, wife of Elder Compton.

ePRIESTIIOOD QUOJLfl -RUMS'TAB

Practical Duties for Members of the Lesser Priesthood

Recently the bishops of the Church were asked, through letters sent out by the Presiding Bishopric, what activities were engaged in by members of the Lesser Priesthood, in the different wards. The

answers with a number added by the committee were compiled, from which the Priesthood committee makes the following suggestions, hoping they will be of service to bishops throughout the Church, many of whom have found difficulty in providing activities for members of the Aaronic Priesthood quorums. We urge the bishops to

select such activities for the members, as shall be most suitable to their local conditions, with a view to interesting the youth of Israel in the work that shall promote the growth of Zion:

ACTIVITIES OF PRIESTS

Administer the sacrament, pass the sacrament, including taking it to the infirm who are not able to attend meeting; assist in ward teaching, act as Sunday school officers and teachers, act as Mutual officers

and teachers, perform the ordinance of baptism, serve as ward choristers, act as messengers for bishopric, hold cottage meetings, assist the elders, do missionary work in the ward, read the scriptures at ward meetings, supervise the collection of fast offerings, help bishop to take care of tithes, help the bishop with wayward boys, take part in meetings, haul gravel, and make cement walks about meeting house;

help with teams to level public squares, make special visits to delinquents of Lesser Priesthood, be active in guiding amusements.

ACTIVITIES OF TEACHERS

Assist in ward teaching; assist with the sacrament, and seeing

that the service is in order; become instructors for boy scouts; collect

ward funds; take charge of meetings now and again and furnish

speakers, singing, etc.; assist in renovating meeting house; take care

of meeting house grounds; cut wood for the poor; act as officers in

Sunday school; help clerk of branch; become officers in auxiliary organizations; notify priesthood quorums of their meetings; serve as

choir members; serve as ushers in gatherings, and as order monitors.

ACTIVITIES OF DEACONS Collect the fast offerings, assist in passing sacrament, assist in providing and preparing fuel for widows and old people, act as messengers for bishop, keep meeting house grounds free from weeds, look after the poor, keep order in meeting house; deacons should be

given a closer study of the lives of the leaders of the Church, and singing should be part of quorum meetings; assist in Primary and

Religion Class work, act as ushers, engage in M. I. A. Scout work,

give out notices, assist in caring for cemetery grounds, pump organ at meetings, prepare meeting house, attend the doors, keep Church property in good condition, distribute special notices.

848 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Helps for Instructors of Deacons

by p. joseph jensen

Lesson 19 (Note. By mistake lesson nineteen was placed out of its chronological order in the text. If the instructor cares to observe that order,

study lesson 21.)

Aim: (For the instructor Only.) To impress upon the minds of

the boys the principles stated by our Savior, "Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends"(John 15:13). Help the boys to understand that President Taylor with his

own life courageously defended the lives of the Prophet and Patriarch.

Problem: What can we do that will show our greatest love for

our friends?

Have the boys answer this question. If some answer, "by giving

them money,""working for them,""helping them when sick,""telling the truth about them,"commend them for such answers. Then have

them judge which is the best answer. If none give the answer you

aim at, you may say: for example, now let us see how President John

Taylor showed his love for the prophet Joseph Smith.

Study the lesson.

Why did John Taylor have reason to fear that the governor would not protect the prophet? How did he think the prophet was going

to escape the mob? Why do you think President Taylor did not get

angry and say he would not go with Joseph to Carthage, when the latter suddenly changed his mind? What did President Taylor do

to protect the lives of the prophet and patriarch? What predictions

had the prophet made concerning himself? (See last year's book.)

Answer the problem. Give the quotation in the aim as a memory

gem.

Lesson 20.

Aim: (For the instructor only.) To get clearly before the minds

of the boys that whenever the Lord calls a person to do something, he will provide a way to accomplish it. This thought is very beautifully and forcefully put in 3 Nephi 13:2534. (Note that the Savior

is speaking to the Twelve.)

Problem: When called to do work in the Church of Jesus Christ,

in whom should we trust that it may be successful? Encourage

thoughtful answers. Study the lesson.

What office did John Taylor hold in 1839? (See Doc. and Cov.

18.) What call was he filling on this journey? How did he pay for

his transportation? What were his financial circumstances at home?

Read to the boys the passage referred to in the aim. Show how

it was literally fulfilled in President Taylor's case.

Lesson 21.

Aim: (For the instructor only.) To make plain to the deacons

that the Lord delivered modern Israel from their enemies by divine power as he did ancient Israel from the Egyptians.

Problem: How was modern Israel delivered from their enemies

of Missouri and Illinois? (Commend thoughtful answers.) Now let

us see how a large body of Saints under the leadership of John Taylor reached the land of peace. Study the lesson.'

How long did it take them to make their journey? What dangers

threatened them, that were very serious? Why did they dare face

those dangers? How did they find recreation in their long, weary

journey? Answer the problem of the lesson.

MUTUAL, WORK

Athletics and Scout Work

What was Done in 191516 The Committee on M. I. A. Scout Work gave a report to the

General Board, on May 31, showing the condition of this department for the year ending that day. It shows commendable growth and increasing interest. The great need now seems to be qualified and inis steady imterested leadership—and even in this direction there

provement: Troops registered, 148, increase of 44; scout masters registered,

M. I. A. SCOUT TROOP 2, PROVO, ON A HIKE TO THE LAKE

148, increase of 44; scouts registered at last report, May 31, 1915,

2,044; scouts canceled at expiration of their registration, on account of

scout masters moving away or unable to continue the work and no one else found to date by ward authorities to take their places, 499.

This number of scouts canceled does not indicate a permanent or total loss, as many of these scouts are reregistered again by new scout masters taking up the work. Scouts reregistered during the year,

1,545; new scouts registered during the year 1,581. This is only approximate as to its being the number of new registered boys, as scout

masters in reregistering seldom reregister every boy who formerly belonged to his troop. This is due to some of the boys dropping out

of the work through lack of interest, some on account of age, others going away to school, and others old enough to be used as leaders m other Church activities. The greatest loss, however, comes through

the scout masters giving up the work either from lack of interest or inability to continue their labors. Total number of registered scouts

May 31, 1916, 3,126; total increase of registered scouts, 1,082. In ad850 IMPROVEMENT ERA

dition to the 3,126 scouts doing scout work as members of the national organization, there are perhaps from 1,500 to 2,000 boys who are in touch with scout work in some of its phases, and through more efficient stake and ward organization will be brought in harmony with the complete scout program. The attached list shows the number of

registered scouts in each stake. The scouts are distributed in the different states as follows: Arizona, 65; Wyoming, 68; Nevada, 44; Idaho,

478; Utah, 2,471.

Twentytwo stakes have no scout organization. This number includes Juarez and the two Canadian stakes. Up to date no report has

FIRST AID FOR SHOCK OR FAINTING

fcene at the Scout exercises on M. I. A. Day, May 16, Richfield, Utah, Troop 1,

Ray Chidester, Scout Master.

been received from the latter as to whether they have or have not scouts registered with the Canadian organization. Twentythree

stakes have registered deputy scout commissioners.

There are six regularly organized scout masters'associations.

However, many stakes have a department for scout masters at their regular monthly meeting. Salt Lake Scout Masters'association is

made up of the scout leaders of seven stakes; the Ogden association

from three stakes. These associations have done very efficient work,

and have given the scout masters the necessary training to carry on the work as leaders of boys. The Brigham Young University of Provo

has given an efficient six weeks'course in scoutcraft to seventeen of their advanced students under the leadership of the stake deputy scout commissioner, Le Grand Hardy.

It is to be hoped that all of the Church schools that have the necessary leadership will give the same course during the coming year.

Our relations with the national organization have been very cordial. Any suggestions made to them that might assist us in handling

the work more advantageously have been accepted by them. Any assistance that we have asked for has been very cheerfully given and

they have kept in close touch with us in carrying on the work.

Practically in every place where the work has been organized the

MUTUAL WORK 851

A BUNCH SIGNALING

TUDGING SECOND CLASS COOKING TEST Troop 2, Provo, Utah. L. H. Hardy,

Scout Master.

boys have taken an active part in the civic welfare of the community and have assisted in ward and stake affairs. They

have also done a wonderful amount of good in their individual and community "good turns."The work, when it has

been handled properly, has received the endorsement of ward and stake authorities. Unfortunately, some of the scouts and

scout leaders have obtained the wrong idea regarding scout work, and the result has been detrimental to the movement.

These evils are rapidly being THE MOST ANXIOUS MOMENT overcome through our scout Second Class firemaking. Troop 2, Provo.

masters'associations, schools, L. H. Hardy, Scout Master.

etc., and the labors of Seoul

Commissioner Dr. John H. Taylor and Assistant Scout Commissioner

Oscar A. Kirkham, in their visits to the different wards and stakes.

Several troops have scout bands. Permanent summer camps in

some places are being provided f"r ih"scouts, and as a whole the work is in a favorable condition. We shall endeavor during the coming year to have every stake take up scout work in conjunction with

the rest of their M. I. A. work, to build up the now existing troops

and organizations, so that every boy will have the benefit of the excellent training and development that the scout movement affords.

852 IMPROVEMENT ERA LIST OF REGISTERED SCOUTS IN EACH STAKE

Asst. A sst.

Stake Troops Scout Scout Scouts Stake Troops Scout Scout Scouts

Masters Masters tasters Masters 1 19Alpine 7 7 4 170 North Davis. 1 1

Bear Lake... 2 2 2 45 North Sanpete 4 4 107

Rear River..3 3 3 47 North Weber... 2 2 31

Benson 3 3 2 49 Ogden 2 2 39 Big Horn 1 1 1 24 Oneida 4 4 5 70

Bingham 2 2 1 37 Panguitch... 1 1 12

Rlackfoot... 2 2 1 36 Parowan 1 1 16

Box Elder 2 2 2 29 Pioneer 2 2 2 29

Carbon 4 4 4 80 Portneuf 1 1 1 10

Cache 8 8 5 146 Rigby 1 1 1 37

Cassia 5 5 2 75 Salt Lake... 4 4 6 107

Cottonwood.1 1 15 Sevier 4 4 3 52

Curlew 1 1 1 12 South Davis.. 2 2 2 83

Deseret 3 3 64 South Sanpete 5 5 4 84

Duchesne 4 4 69 Star Valley.. 2 2 1 44

Emery 1 1 17 St. George... 2 2 1 63

Ensign '4 4 3 89 Summit 1 1 1 27

Fremont 4 4 6 80 Tooele 2 2 39

Granite 8 8 8 179 Uintah 4 4 5 48

Jordan 4 4 6 118 Utah 8 8 2 183

Juab 3 3 3 65 Wasatch.... 3 3 3 68

Liberty 7 7 4 154 Wayne 1 1 20

Malad 2 2 2 63 Weber 3 3 3 55 Maricopa 1 1 65 Yellowstone.. 1 1 13

Moapa 1 1 44 Nebo 4 4 3 98 148 148 104 3126

Reading Course for 191617

Begin now to make points for your association and stake in the reading course. Here are the books and the points for each:

The New Testament, 7 points.

"Tales from Shakespeare,"Lamb, 2 points.

Shakespeare's Plays: "Hamlet,""Midsummer Night's Dream,"

"Henry VIII,""King Lear,""Romeo and Juliet,"2 points for each play. "Little Women,"Alcott, 2 points.

"How We Got Our Bible,"Smyth, 2 points.

"Sandsy's Pal,"Hunting, 2 points.

"Wild Animals at Home,"Seton, 2 points.

"Jacob Hamblin,"Little, 2 points.

"Wild Roses,"Driggs, 2 points.

"Under the Country Sky,"Richmond, 2 points.

"Speeches of the Flying Squadron,"2 points.

Any of the book stores will gladly furnish you the prices. See

lists and prices in this number of the Era.

Infinity

O, how I love the vast, unblemished plains,

That lose themselves in heaven's azure vaults;

Moulded and clothed by God, they beauteous lie

Before me, and I stand amazed in the presence of Infinity!

A weak and groveling thing! Man, how vain and foolish!

Boasting fancied strength and wisdom deep. A conqueror

Of heaven, of earth, of sea, and scorning

The Power that gave thee breath, the Creator of thine home.

Go thou alone into the silent night. Behold the wondrous picture!

'Twill teach thee well.

RAYMOND, ALBERTA FRANK C. StEET.E

lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllmPASSING EVENTS

The battle around Verdun continued all during June, at times with a violence unprecedented. The loss of men is appalling on both sides.

The Navy Bill, calling for an appropriation of more than $250,000,- 000 for construction and maintenance of the Navy, passed the House

June 2 by a vote of 538 to 4.

The Army Bill, calling for a regular peacestrength of one hundred and seventyfive thousand men and a war force of two hundred and six thousand was signed by President Wilson, June 3.

The Democratic National Convention, in session at St. Louis, Mo.,

renominated, on Thursday, June 15, President Woodrow Wilson as the Democratic candidate for President of the United States, and

VicePresident Thomas R. Marshall for the vicepresidency. They

were nominated and chosen by acclamation.

Richard Harding Davis, author and war correspondent, died at

Mount Kisco, New York, April 12. He was a popular American

writer and had been a war correspondent in five wars including the present great war. He was born in Philadelphia, in 1864, and was

educated at Lehigh and Johns Hopkins universities. "Soldiers of

Fortune"is his most widely read book.

The citizens of Eastern Millard county extended an invitation to the people of the state to celebrate "Well days"with them at Fillmore, June 1, 2, and 3. The occasion brought many people to that

southern country to celebrate the striking of artesian wells along the vast Pahvont valley. That such wells have been found is an indication

of a coming great economic evolution for that part of Utah.

Edgar E. Calvin, who began his railroad career as a telegraph

operator, has been chosen president of the Union Pacific railroad to succeed A. L. Mohler whose resignation, due to ill health, took effect

July 1. Mr. Calvin is well known in Salt Lake City and the West

having been connected many years with railroad interests and being vicepresident and general manager of the Oregon Short Line railway.

Louis D. Brandeis was confirmed by the Senate of the United

States June 1, to be an associate justice of the supreme court. The

vote was 47 to 22. It was four months since he was nominated by

President Wilson for the place, and during that time a constant warfare against his confirmation was waged in the Senate, the objection to Mr. Brandeis being that he was lacking in the judicial temperament.

Neil B. Musser, age 16, son of Jos. W. Musser, of Salt Lake City,

was appointed to the naval academy at Annapolis, and left to take up 854 IMPROVEMENT ERA

his school work there, on June 12. Congressman James H. Mayes

made the appointment. Mr. Musser is sixteen years of age, and in his

cadet work at the west side Salt Lake high school was first lieutenant and quartermaster. He was a member of the Forest Dale M. I. A.

class, and a leader and enthusiast in M. I. A. scout work.

Dr. Harvey Fletcher, late superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. of

the Utah stake, and professor in the Brigham Y,oung University, has accepted a position with the General Electric Company to engage in special research work in New York City. This splendid position came

to him through the record he has made during the past ten years in electrical research. Utah and the Brigham Young University will feel

keenly his absence. The university has given him a furlough of two

years; however, he may stay in New York indefinitely.

Engineer A. M. Campbell, Ogden, 56 years of age and married, lost

his life in a Denver & Rio Grande train wreck near Colton, Utah, on the early morning of June 6. Five other men including Fireman William Schafer, of Ogden, aged 30, lost their lives. On the passenger

coach on the fated train were President Joseph W. McMurrin, Mrs.

Amy Brown Lyman, Mrs. Emma A. Empey and Mrs. Sterling B. Talmage who were returning to Salt Lake City from a conference in San

Juan stake. They were badly shaken up, but received no injury. Four

of the dead were trespassers on the train.

J. Parley White, state bank examiner and former chief deputy

sheriff under Joseph C. Sharp, was appointed chief of police of Salt

Lake City on the evening of May 29, to succeed C. W. Shores who

recently retired after being declared ineligible by the supreme court to hold office by reason of not being a citizen of Utah. Mr. White is

fortyfive years of age, and a son of William White head of the firm of White & Sons, livestock dealers. He came from Wales to Salt

Lake City at the age of five, and has lived here since that time. He

was appointed bank examiner by Governor Spry three years ago. The

new position came to him entirely unsolicited.

James J. Hill, the empire builder and financier, died in St. Paul,

Minnesota, May 29, at the age of 78. He was well known in the

United States as railroad builder and financier and famous as the man who opened the great northwest, completing through his own initiative and efforts the consolidation of the east and west which had been undertaken by the government. He was born on a Canadian farm

near Guelph, Ontario, in 1838, and went to work in a steamboat office at St. Paul at the age of eighteen. Archbishop John Ireland said of

him: "He loved and respected religion and held the Christian faith

to be the supreme principle of human righteousness and human life."

Earl Kitchener, secretary of state for war, and his whole staff who were proceeding to Russia, aboard the cruiser "Hampshire,"were lost off the western shore of the Orkney islands, north of Scotland, June 5.

He was on board this cruiser which was sunk either bv a mine or a torpedo and all on board went down. The loss of Earl Kitchener is

considered the most stunning blow to England since the war began.

The "Hamoshire"carried a crew of between four and five hundred men. Lord Kitchener was going to Russia at therequest of the Russian government to arrange for a supply of munitions for Russia, and

perhaps to discuss important military and financial questions with

Emperor Nicholas.

PASSING EVENTS 855

The Republican National Convention, 10, on June nominatedrCharles. Evans Hughes, of New York, and Charles Fairbanks of W.

Indiana as the candidates for president and vicepresident of 'the

United States. At the same time Theodore Roosevelt was nominatedby the Progressive national convention, and, later in the day, John MParker of Louisiana as his running mate. receipt of On the of news

his nomination Mr. Hughes sent to President Wilson his resignation

as associate justice of the federal supreme bench and accepted the nomination which apparently gives satisfaction in all quarters and is a precursor of the reuniting of the Republican party. It is generally

believed that Colonel Roosevelt will turn his influence to the election of Hughes. Utah cast seven votes for Hughes.

,DrGeorge E. Hyde, formerly of Idaho, and prior to that, of

Ogden, Utah, was appointed superintendent of the state mental hospital at Provo to succeed Dr. D. H. Calder, at a meeting of the Board

May 26. The appointment took effect June 1. Dr. Calder left for

Southern California after twentyone years of continuous hospital work. Dr. Hyde was born in England, in 1884, and settled in Ogden

where he married Rose Farr, daughter of the late Judge Aaron Farr.

He studied medicine at Baltimore, Maryland, and has engaged in hospital work in San Francisco and Boston, and took a special course in nervous and mental diseases at the Mayo Brothers hospital, in Rochester, Minnesota. For a term of years, up to 1915, he served as superintendent of the Idaho mental hospital at Blackfoot. His salary was

fixed at $2,500 a year.

Li Yuan Hung, the new president of the Chinese republic, succeeded Yuan Shih Kai just after that noted president's death, June 6 and is quoted as "a capable, gentlemannered, gentlespirited man, thoroughly republican, honest, straightforward and popular among the Chinese."

His leading characteristic is said to be his faculty of surrounding himself with strong men. He stands for the open door in China, is a

progressive, and will continue the advancement of the modern school system. It is reported that half a dozen provinces which were in

revolt against Yuan Shih Kai his predecessor have announced their loyalty to the new chief magistrate. He will remain in office until

October, 1917, at which time the term of five years for which Yuan

Shih Kai was elected will expire. Yuan Shih Kai's latest pronunciamento was a cancellation of his former mandate declaring the republic

of China a monarchy.

The great naval battle which has been expected for twentytwo months came to pass on the 31st of May and for the first time in history two modern battle fleets came in conflict. The details of the

battle which took place about 150 miles off the west coast of Northern

Denmark in the North sea are obscure, and the losses are disputed on both sides. The British lost fourteen ships aggregating a tonnage of

105,670 tons. The Germans lost ten ships aggregating a tonnage of

95,000 tons. Eight other ships were reported lost on the German side

by the British, but the loss was not admitted by Germany. This

included "Westfalen,"a dreadnought, three destroyers, a submarine, a light cruiser, and two battle cruisers. Among the ships that were

lost to the British were "Queen Mary,""Indefatigable,""Invincible,""Defense,""Warrior,"'"Black Prince,"battle and armed cruisers, and eight destroyers. It is estimated that upwards of ten thousand men

perished in this battle which is among the greatest and perhaps the greatest in the history of the nations. The British loss in men and

officers is placed at 5,000, and the Germans at 3,000.

856 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Carranza presented to the government of the United States on

May 31, through the Mexican ambassador, a garrulous and offensive note charging that the United States was acting in a way to justify the suspicion that it expected to tight Mexico. It demanded a precise

statement of American intentions and an immediate withdrawal of

American troops in Mexico. However, the troops under General

Obregon continued to cooperate with the American forces in policing

Northern Mexico. The administration at Washington made no immediate answer to the note, and inclined to minimize its importance,

though it was decided not to withdraw the expeditionary forces until it was proved that Carranza was able to keep order. General Trevino,

commanding Carranza's army of the north, advised General Pershing, commander of the Americans, on June 15, that any further movements by the Americans south, east or west from the present lines would be considered a hostile act and a signal to open warfare. Several antiAmerican riots occurred in the early part of June in Mexico,

and on the 10th raiders drove off 80 head of horses from across the border near Laredo, Texas. On the 18th President Wilson ordered

the National Guard of all states into federal service 100,000 strong, to be mobilized on the border. The National Guard of Utah was ordered to mobilize on the 19th.

Preparedness parades were the order throughout the United States during the month of June. In Chicago, New York City, and the east,

as well as in many western cities, including Salt Lake City, parades were held. Hundreds of

thousands of people formed in line with flags and music to show their willingness to have the country prepare to protect itself in case of war. In the

parade in Salt Lake City, June 3, there were in line upwards of twenty thousand people, including Governor Spry, President

Joseph F. Smith, and many

other prominent leaders in the civil, religious, educational, and business world. The parade was

more than two miles long and required an hour and ten minutes to pass a given point. The

course of march was lined with great crowds of people. Civil

war veterans and veterans of the Spanish - American war, school children, club men, labor unions, merchants and clerks, and citizens in general, headed by the High School cadets and bands of music, were in line.

On the same day in Chicago 120,000 people participated in

High School Cadets at the head of the preparedness parade. Pathe procession down Main rades of like character were

St., Salt Lake City. held that day also in Springfield, Ohio, and Illinois, New

Orleans, Hartford, Conn., Providence, R. I., Memphis, and other

large cities.

UTAH'S PLACE IN THE WORLD is, and will continue to be, determined by her intellectual, moral and spiritual leadership. The Agricultural College, supported jointly by

Nation and State, is designed to train the youth of Utah for successful manhood and womanhood, which implies leadership in these three great divisions. Its calling is not only of the practical, "dollars

and cents"nature, but it has a high patriotic and spiritual mission.

SUCCESSFUL MANHOOD AND WOMANHOOD

This represents the ideal of the college with regard to its graduates.

It trains men for useful work and women for efficiency in home management. Seven western states have asked the Agricultural College

within the last few months for men and women to lead in their work, the salaries varying from $1,000 to $3,000 per year. Such is the demand for useful training. While the College course is definitely and

positively practical, it is at the same time broad and liberal in the natural and physical sciences and in mathematics, English, literature, economics and languages. The College is divided into the following

great "Schools"1 The School of Agriculture

off 2 The School Agricultural Engineering and Mechanic Arts

off 3 The School Home Economics H off 4 The School

'Commerce Br!!

5 The School of "Mr*'General Science

The Experiment Station and the Extension

Division are the other larger divisions of the "!!II ilk.2 *College.

The 26th College year begins Tuesday, September 19, 1916. Write

for a catalogue and illustrated circular. A

personal letter to the President is always welcomed and will be given prompt consideration.

Address: THE PRESIDENT, UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, Logan

Telephone, tvastuh 3si Era Story Contest

first for the no winner was There contest. in Jos. Wm. Taylor prize the Era May story

Utah's Leading Undertaker For the June contest eighteen stories and Licensed Embalmer were submitted, and the winner will be announced in August. This closes Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor,

the 1916 contest. On ehundred two Show Rooms and Morgue

stories were submitted, and from

OFFICE OPEN DAT AND NIGHT them a large number of the best 21, 23 and 25 Sooth West Temple Street have been selected for, the pleasure

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH of our readers.

Improvement Era, July, 1916 Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Fre*.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Address, 20 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Joseph F. Smith, ) Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, j Editors Moroni Snow, Assistant

Summer Thorvaldsen Frontispiece

The Lord's Prayer. A Poem 763

The Call of the Ages Ila Fisher 765

The Squanderer. A Poem Ella Wheeler Wilcox 767

A-ra. A Story Alfred Lambourne 768

Notable "Hike"on the Great Colorado Plateau. Illustrated 774

An Incident of Travel. Illustrated F. E. Barker 776

Outlines for Scout Workers. Illustrated D. W. Parratt, B. S 780

The Utah Pioneers. A Poem Edward H. Anderson 784

Eight Dollars'Worth. A Story H. R. Merrill 786

Effects of the War upon the English People...J. M. Sjodahl 793

Restraining Hands. A Story Elsie C. Carroll 795

The Bar. A Poem 804

The Meaning of Education—III E. G. Peterson, A. M 805

The Tramp. A Poem John Laurence McMaster.. 807

Cecil John Rhodes. With Illustrations Nicholas G. Smith

The Land of Opportunity J. C. Hogenson 815

What the Nations of Europe are Fighting for. Dr. Joseph M. Tanner.. 816

"1 he Silver Greys"Axel Madsen 820

Rumalcowhiskeyhol—A Modern Monster Annie D. Palmer 822

The TellTale. A Poem Guy C. Coleman 828

"'Mormonism's'Message to the World"829

Are You Ready to Work? Heber J. Grant.666

Editors'Table—The M. I. A. Annual Conference—How to Get Prohibition—President Smith at San Diego—Conditions in North-, ern Mexico—Books 839

Messages from the Missions 845

Priesthood Quorums'Table 847 Mutual Work 849 Passing Events 853 Special Price A List Of the Books North on the via 191617 Low Rates to I. A. and Idaho Points M. Northern Utah

Reading Course TWICE EACH is being Printed. MONTH DURING

THE SUMMER Postal Write in for it now—A

Card will do.

Ask for Dates and Rates Deseret SUNDAY D. S. SPENCER,

General Passenger Agent, SCHOOL UNION

Short Oregon Line Railroad Book Store [Union Pacific System] 44 EAST ON SOUTH TEMPLE Salt Lake City, Utah City Ticket Office,

Hotel Utah, Salt Lake City

Western Scout Shoes Give you more genuine comfort and satisfaction during the Summer months than any shoe you can buy.

Cheap:: Serviceable

Used extensively by boy scouts, mechanics, carpenters, Etc., Etc.

Z. C. M. I. Allovers

The Ideal Play Garment for boy or girl.

athletic Organizations Both Church and School wiilfind it greatly to their profit to consult us about their

Season 9s Requirements.

Stnd ptstal f$r 150 page free catalog and for information about our special prices

H club/.

CO., Ogden, Utah BROWNING BROS.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ''Utah's Most Popular Music House"Guarantee i We Hf/3 iISpy MvS to Equal in Every

Instance and Excel WM piano or in most instances—any

playerpiano offer made you else- s where no matter how tempting n I that offer may be.

We prepay the freight and arrange quarterly, half yearly or yearly terms if you don't desire cash or monthly terms.

Write for Catalog, Prices and Terms

Gentlemen: '"%&&Send in the coupon.

Please send me catalogs of Pianos and Get our Special offers.

Playerpianos mentioned in the Improvement

Era.

Name Address OLDER THAN THE STATE OF UTAH -

ASSETSLIFE INSURANCE Protects your family if you die MORE

THAN A Protects you ifyou live

MILLION Ask about our plan which helps you to accumulate DOLLARS an estate at the same time you are protecting your family.

WE WANT GOOD AGENTS IN EVERY TOWN

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Jowpk F. Smith, Preadeat Vermont Bidg., Salt Lak* Lorenzo N. StohI,VicPre*. c Mir.

'SnsoljdfiU rmpanv 50 i wa5j STORES |HPLEMENT$| DIRECTORS IN JOSEPH F. SMITH GEO. T. ODELL 8. McCORNICK G. G. WRIGHT UTAH VEHICLES W.

THOMAS R. CUTLER JAMES. H. MOYLE AND WILLIAM SPRY C. S. BURTON

HEBER SCOWCROFT JA8. L. WRATHALL,,W. W ARMSTRONG MALCOLM A. KEYSER IDAHO

R. P. MORRIS GRANT HAMPTON

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERJ