JULY, 1938yyiiftmotL /BallaliofL TyUmiiimmt 4 I NUMBi. VOLUME i 386]

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

This White Cross at Shell Dealers'means you can be sureLOOK FOR IT!

IS KEPT THIS REST ROOM

HOMECLEAN in accordance with the editorial specifications of

GOOD HOUSEKEEPING MAGAZINE / will appreciate your cooperation in helping me keep this pledge.

Certificate. If find a you

falls below HouseINingtheMagazineApril issue,publishedGood Housekeepan article tificateWe whohavehaveagreedbeen awardedto keep ourthe Cerrest awardedrestroomthethat Good about station rest rooms, telling how rooms scrupulously clean, and we unkeeping standards, write your critithey ought to be equipped and how derstand that the Certificate will be cism on a card and mail it.

clean they ought to be kept in the inwithdrawn fromus ifwe fail to do this. When on the road, look for Shell's

terest of public health and comfort. Our rest rooms will be inspected WHITE CROSS OF CLEANLINESS disWe Shell dealers heard ofthis article regularly. Also, we are providing post played in front of stations. It means

and read it with much interest. cards in rest rooms which have been you can be sure.

Since then our station rest rooms have been inspected, and dealers whose rest rooms were found up to vIlfcLLj the standards specified by Good

Housekeeping have been given the aUZh*w HomeClean Certificate"shown.

CANNING riME S (Buy. (Bs&L SuqaJv

Stock up on beet sugar now for a big season of home canning of the plentiful supply of fresh fruits and vegetables now on the market. Look ahead

and plan to fill your cupboards with delicacies, which you'll relish and be thankful for next winter!

Use extrafine, pure, granulated beet sugar—the finest you can buy. It's

quickdissolving and unsurpassed for canning and preserving. Also cheaper, therefore, more economical to use.

BEET SUGAR AND

.... FARM SURPLUSES

All America is concerned with farm surpluses, because surpluses affect the purchasing power of the farmer, and, in turn, the whole structure of American economic life.

American farmers raise approximately one million acres of sugar beets each year. What's more, a million acres in sugar beets is not another

million surplus acres of wheat or corn!

Furthermore, no other major American crop returns to the farmer as much per acre and contributes to industry and agriculture as much as the sugar beet and the resultant beet sugar industry.

America needs the beet sugar industry... the industry needs the support of farmers, merchants, housewives, canneries, and statesmen.

INTERMOUNTAIN BEET SUGAR COMPANIES

(DoQfoiL Jinow—

Where the headquarters of the new

West German Mission are?/HmprouementEra 'The Glory of God is Intelligence'Page 389

What Church personality recently

Heber J. Grant, was honored by a distinguishedJULY, 1938 John A. Widtsoe, American University? Page 387

Richard L. Evans, muscles? Page 388

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Marba C. Josephson,Managing Editor How youth may best serve its "own

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, Associate Editor generation"? Page 392

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTGeorge Q. Morris, General Mgr.

Cannon, Associate G. Lucy COMMITTEE, OF EDUCATION, MUSIC WARD MENT Mgr. What

Orton, Business Mgr. K. OF THE CHURCH AGENCIES J.TEACHERS, OTHER AND mon isGeography?the "ideal"Book ofPageMor394 SAINTS. LATTERDAY OF CHRIST OF JESUS

Through what changes the Christian

JohlsL jd(L QwdtswiA, Constantine?church passed after the deathPage of396

Under what circumstances Lorenzo

JPul dihfiL (Pago, Snow undertook his "tithing mis-

A Word to Youth. Heber J. Grant 391 sion"to St. George? Page 400

What Mormon boy was a protege of Charles Dickens? Page 403

Serve Your "Own Generation"John A. Widtsoe 392 Who wrote the Tabernacle Choir

An "Ideal"Book of Mormon Geography... Lynn C* Layton 394 theme song? Page 404

The Lord's Way Out of Bondage LeRoi C. Snow 400 How the slavery issue precipitated

The Story of Our Hymns.. George D, Pyper 404 a crisis in Utah? Page 406

Some Photographic Highlights of June Conference 405 If camels are found on American

Our FriendMaking Missionaries in the Netherlands deserts? Page 409

412 P. Lambert Joseph and Vorkink Paul J* was "Cayuga's Other Wise Who Degree Bates College on Frank Confers Honorary W.

. Page Man"? 410 Mission, Fred of the Asper, German West W. 387; News

to Hill Markham, 433; Babbel, Cumorah, Another Trek Ira J. missionary What methods are emthe Caliin Visual Aid 411; 415; On, Church The Moves ployed in the Netherlands?

fornia Mission, 421; Priesthood: Melchizedek, 422; Ward Page 412

Teaching, 426; Aaronic Priesthood, 427; Genealogical Page,

429; Department of Education, 429; Mutual Messages and What one college girl's reasons are

Field Photos, 430, 431, 432, 434, 435; M. I. A. Activities for not smoking? Page 413

Bassett States, to Central Progress in East Point the Way

Merrill Sumter, Missionaries at Fort 431; J. At what international conferences T. Wright,

Wood, 432; Brigham City Honors Brigham Young, 434. President Clark is representing the

United States? Page 415

Who is promoting a state park at

The Protestors of Christendom—Part V\ continued Nauvoo? Page 415

James L. Barker 396 What Mormon basketball team won

The Last of the "Dickens'Boys".Helen Miller Lehman.403 a European championship?

Slavery Caused an Indian War Carlton Culmsee 406 Page 415

Cayuga's "Other Wise Man"What books are recommended for

Joseph Williams and John Farr Larsen 410 summer reading? Page 420

Akers 413 Dorothy Dyer Smoke Not I Do Why "visual aids"have succeeded How the S. Harris, Franklin Jr., 388; Universe, the Exploring On California in the Mission?.Page 421 Here's Reading, 419; 418; Homing: Summer Rack, Book

How, 419; Index to Advertisers, 442; Your Page and Ours, What questions have arisen con448. cerning Melchizedek Priesthood

committees? Page 422

What Priesthood social activities are

The Training of Youth John A. Widtsoe 416 recommended? Page 424

M, L A. June Conference Richard L. Evans 416 How Brigham City has honored

A Rising Vote Against Liquor and Tobacco Brigham Young Page 435

Richard L. Evans 417

A Woman's Sphere Marba C. Josephson 417 EXECUTIVEOFFICES:AND EDITORIAL

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

Copyright 1938, by the Young Men's Mutual

Association Improvement the Corporation of

Church Christ Latterday Saints. Beckoning Jesus of of Roads—Chapter All rights reserved. price, Subscription $2.00 The Phantom in year, a advance; Single 20c Copy. Herd—An Historical6 DorothyNarrativeC* Robinson 398

at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, matter. Robert M. Hyatt 409 Utah,Enteredas secondclass Acceptance The Color of Courage Beth Harmon 402 mailing at special rate of postage providedfor

for in section 1103, of October, Act 1917, Sabin, 390; Poetry Frontispiece: Zara Journey, The Wedding

1918. July 2, 432; Gilean Douglas, Way, authorized Which Page 414; Contrast, is responsible not Improvement The Era

Little Girl, Agnes Just Reid, 436; The Creek, Luacine Clark for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes conFox, 438; Scriptural Crossword Puzzle, 446. bytributions.sufficientAllpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust beandaccompaniedreturn.

JhsL Qwsih.

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERYThetheMormonUtah StateBattalionCapitolMonument,in Salt picturedLake City.on theThecover,silhouettestands studyon the againstgrounds theof

background of a western sunset is by Jeano Orlando. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Bates College Confers Honorary Degree on Frank W. Asper

Tabernacle Organist Called East to Receive Signal Honor "Crank W. Asper, Salt Lake Tabernacle organist and one of the West's

successful musicians, who has steadily won acclaim outside his home state, was called east in early June to have conEverett ferred upon him an honorary degree of bowman,

Doctor of Music, by historic Bates Champion

College in Lewiston, Maine. Mr. Asper cowboy of

plaudits as in his capacitywon further an artist when, on June 12, he played 1937. Yes,

the dedicatory program on a new organ those are installed at the College. He was called LEVI'S he's

across the continent to be the first wearing.

artist to play this wonderful instrument in one of America's oldest and finest schools.

The new organ was presented to There's only one best in any field. It may be a

Bates College by Arthur Curtiss James, man... like Champion Cowboy Bowman. It may

finaninternationally known York New... like overalls a product be champion LEVI'S—cier College, patron. Bates;5feW-*9eand music the in comfort of 80 years. Champions West for

of in 1864,founded America's is one again, in and wear. Champions, giving you institutionsforemost educational and is

. protection new, exclusive LEVI STRAUSS this for its debating teams.well known."*''.CO."><

Robert Frost, poet; Paul Claudel, former French Ambassador to the United

States; and Mark Sullivan, political

commentator, have received honorary degrees from this college. With all

the east to honor, it remained for a ONLY LEVI'S have these patented, western artist to be called to play the backpocket rivets that WON'T dedication. SCRATCH CHAIRS, SADDLES, OR

During a mission to Germany, beAUTO SEATS. And ONLY LEVI'S

cause of his interpretation and knowlhave the exclusive easy fit that WON'T edge of the classics, Frank Asper was PULL OR BIND. Cut from heaviest

able to circulate freely and proclaim denim loomed. And so strongly made

the Gospel to several opera stars, memwe guarantee: "A NEW PAIR FREE

bers of symphony orchestras, and some IF THEY RIP!"

concert artists, and was invited to play for them, as well as being welcome at WATCH FOR THESE MARKS OF GENUINE LEVI'S many prominent functions. After his 1. Two horse brand leather label

2. ticket Oilclothmission, in Berlin: studied piano'he with

in backpocket seam tab sewed 3. Red

Klatte, theory alsoJonas, and with and 86 played in an opera orchestra under

Fielitz.Von COPPER RIVETED After the outbreak of the World

returned Salt to he City,War, Lake and, in of WAIST OVERALLS class gave 1915, a large up LEVI'Spupils in to study because of Boston WITH CONCEALED RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS felt in to hethe need further advance the theoretical subjects, which he purLEVI STRAUSS & CO., Los Angeles, SAN FRANCISCO, Frankfort, Ind.

sued under Elson; he also'studied organ

under Humphrey at this time. Piano PATRONIZE YOUR HOMETOWN MERCHANT,,. HE'S YOUR NEIGHBOR

training was pursued under DeVoto and Buonamici. He was also engaged

to train a boy choir in a suburb of BosGuild of Organists, and is also Dean Spokane, Washington; in Pueblo; and

ton, later relinquishing this for a post of the Utah Chapter. He is one of the the Third Baptist Church of St. Louis.

as organist on the fashionable south few western representatives ever inHe was official organist at the Sesquishore at Cohasset, in an historic church vited to play at a convention of the Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia;

which was built before the Revolution. American Guild of Organists, which he played in St. Vincent's Church at Los

During the time he was teaching at did on the large municipal organ at Angeles, and many others.

the New England Conservatory of Memphis, winning great acclaim. He

Music he did not neglect his Church has played for many notables, among duties, counselor in the and was Bosthem, three presidents of the United HOTEL LANKERSHIM for four years. Inton Branch 1920 7th States, & BROADWAY of and Prince the Crown

the newlyorganized L. School of D. S. ED places Sweden. Other where DoubleESTABLISHBed Choice (DoubleRATESor Twins) he has J toMusic returned he beckoned and at the University appeared have been $3."$2.50 $3.00

Salt Lake City. of Illinois; University of Chicago; FRANK R. WISH0N, President

Mr. Asper holds the distinction of Carnegie Institute at Pittsburgh; at the LOS ANGELES

being a "Fellow"in the American large Lewis and Clark High School at 'TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE"

JJtiL lAmvohAJLxpjb%uv By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR,

surgically electric without apparent flourescent lamp has moved than notes higher hear can new A dog "*""*A *** the intelligence. signs damage to efficiency with an been No evidence announced there is good and man

that pheasants can hear distant gunfire 200 times that of presentday filament of depression or loss of abstract bewhen human ears cannot detect it, lamps. It differs from ordinary lamps havior were discovered in such pain that ultraviolet is converted to vistients. The brain has a definite "heat

HPHE worm called Brubea protandrica ible light by a flourescent coating on center"that responds to heating by

A is male in autumn and winter, fethe walls. speeding up breathing, starting permale in spring, and neuter in summer. spiration and other means for cooling

the body. Experiments with cats

"Decent research on the brain has found this region to be partly on the

A- disclosed two interesting things. underside of the front part of the brain,

Large portions of the important and partly on the underside of the midfrontal lobes of the brain can be rebrain.

SSSS"Cheepperformedshearingin theby SovietchemicalsWoolis beingLaboratory. By giving single doses of 7]Sa "Caterpillar"distributor for many

thallium compounds the sheep shed their leaving them naked wool, as years, this organization has a wealth shorn. If the been though they had

dose was small the fine wool came out, if larger both coarse and fine fibers of experience with all types of power apmolted.

vegetable matter of each pound pOR and stationary engine plant, averplications—tractor on the *- produced by a

age of about 40 gallons of water are evaporated. through shaft, belt, and electric generator. -

A silent piano and a silent violin have **"* been invented to be used in pracLet us apply this experience to your probticing. The playing can be heard only

by the pupil and teacher through earphones. lem.We'll survey your needs and give you

neck in the arms and muscles HPhe of exact figures on what you may expect get mental * a person doing work tenser and tenser as the work becomes difficult, at the Uni- a scientist more to save with "Caterpillar"Diesel Power. found. of Indiana versity

Tn Peary Land at the north end of * Greenland, the most northerly land butterflies earth, and there are bees on of flowers rolling and Distributors of in the meadows grasses. "CATERPILLAR"

/"ontrary to popular belief, wolves TrackTypeDiesel EnginesTractors nor people, attack don't and kill Road Machinery T LANDESRACTOR EQUIPMENT GO. packs, except in hunting travel they do

travel with the parents that cubs may peakJ ofi DexMee first Stef25 Vilhjalmur year. for the

ansson and the U. S. Biological Survey Headquarters - 245 West South Temple, Salt Lake City

have traced such accounts down and found them to be fictitious.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

IN SALT LAKE STOP AT THE NEW AND MODERN

KENRAY TOURIST LODGE 1481 So. State

9 CARL W. BUEHNER, General Contractor WM. E. NELSON, Architect

I the Ken- i We CongratulateB KENRAY TOURIST LODGE Their Auto Court on Ray

I Chooses colorful Mountain Red Ruff Brick Selection of N. O. Nelson

5 Manufactured by Plumbing Fixtures.

I I INTERSTATE BRICK COMPANY Plumbing Installed by 5 \I 3180 So. 1 1th East—Hyland 630 A. Y. STIRLING

$ Salt Lake City, Utah 1497 So. 5th East Hy. 1611 \

I \ II REINFORCING STRUCAND SUPPLIES ELECTRICAL WALLPAPER I5 STEEL TURAL By for Ask UNITED Furnished by8 waterproof tested Sun and CO. ELECTRIC ELDER INC. g CO., INDUSTRIAL STEELI

134 East Broadway LIFE PAINTS 6th 4086 McMURTRY LONG 475 West South—Was. \J A. PARRY this climate, LOTT—GEO. KENNETH to cover betAre adapted

I ter and are weather resisting. Large \

\I We Furnished the Paint and variety oi beautiful colors. TILE WORK

5 Enamel for this High Class Auto PERCHON PAINT AND WALL By \

PAPER CO.

Court 339 So. State Was. 1822 Elias Morris & Sons Co.

to In July Moving CO.i PECK—ASH—PARRY East So. Temple BROS. CO. 250 LUMBER NOALL 992 So. Main Street

all lumber and Good flooring 5 THE KENRAY TOURIST LODGE products. WILLIAMS g*\ I

i Furnished Throughout from the Ix Complete Stock 0HJWATIC I oi RED FEATHER OIL CO. I

STANDARD FURNITURE CO. 208 W. 17 S. Hy. 6868 I

I OLD AMERICAN5 HEAVYTAB ELECTRICAL WORK SHINGLES\ Applied by By

CO. ROOFING LAYTON

\ (Certified Roofs) GRANITE ELECTRIC i applicator Old American \ Hy. 3057 1865 So. 3th East Phone 550 I 2248 So. 8th East—Hy. N. Temple 153 W. Was. 1795 \

><=>:> X=X>C=><Q < ><=>: ><=x <X=X X=><XZX xr*xzx xzx>o<>o<X3XX3*xixx=* >cr><o;xrx>o<xrx

PRAIRIE SCHOONER, PIONEER TRAIL, FORT CASPER.

Photo by George Strebet.

dOuv Wadding QojuAnsu

rREARY day by dreary day, "Phey traveled light—it was their allJouncing, jolting, mile on mile, Tennyson's poems, a Bible, a few

Erect she sat in her dusty gray, Patchwork quilts and a Paisley shawl,

Fixed and stiff as her weary smile. Copper kettle, and gown of blue;

Che and her husband, this firm man, Youth and strength and a will to work;

Eager and restless, fired with zeal, Deeply rooted, a trust in God,

Joined a westward caravan, Trust to be tried in the mud and murk,

Stirred by the song of a creaking wheel. Clinging fast to the Iron Rod.

]"ONG he had labored in shop and at forge P)ay after day in the heat and the dust,

Fashioning felloe and axle with care, Never a murmur or secret sigh,

The need to be gone his daily scourge; Fording a stream or facing a gust

To knit and sew, her womanly share. Of sifting sand as the wind whirled by.

'M'ight after night in a bed on the ground,

Weary body, too tired to rest;

Sickness and death with its lonely mound,

Hunger and thirst marked their way to the West.

TThus was her wedding journey made

Over desolate steep and plainland drear;

Little new bride all unafraid,

Partner indeed for a Pioneer!

$(Vwl SabifL

EDITORS PAGEHhB

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

is a great joy to me, always, to meet with the young desire. I am sure that a young man who is perfectly

is a very difficult matter for me to realsatisfied with what he is doing, although he may be ITpeople. It

ize that I am what they commonly call a very old doing very little, and has no ambition to do more, will man. I believe my spirit is as youthful as it ever stand still; but I am convinced that each and every indiwas. I enjoy mingling with youth; I enjoy playing vidual can improve from day to day, from year to year,

with them; I enjoy the sports of youth. True, I cannot and have greater capacity to do things as the years

take as active a part in some of the athletic sports as I come and the years go. I believe in that with all my

would like to, but I am very happy with youth, and heart.

to me the fact that the spirit apparently does not grow I rejoice in the splendid progress of our young peoold is one of the evidences of the immortality of the ple. I am sure there is no other place in the United

soul. I remember reading of exPresident Adams being States where a body of young people could be gathered

met one day by a friend who said: "How is President together, such as I am facing here today, who would

Adams today?"pledge themselves, as you have done, to live one of the

"Oh,"he said, "President Adams was never better laws of God for the benefit of mankind. I can think

in his life, never younger, never in finer condition, but of no finer, more splendid statement against the men this house he is living in is becoming rather old and who are working today to destroy the vigor of body he is hoping for a better one in the near future."and mind of people by increasing the sale of liquor

I hope to keep that spirit of youth. I hope to feel as and tobacco than is contained in the Word of Wisdom.

much interested in the next ten years, which I hope to The Lord says: "I have warned you, and forewarn

stay with you, in the Mutual Improvement cause as I you, by giving unto you this word of wisdom,"because have ever been. In fact, I believe that the Lord does of "evils and designs which do and will exist in the

grant unto us according to our desires, as recorded in hearts of conspiring men in the last days."

the 29th chapter of the Book of Alma in the Book of I read that in one of the eastern sections they refused

Mormon, whether "good or evil, life or death, joy or to rent a hall to our Church for a Gold and Green Ball.

remorse of conscience", that we are in very deed the They said they couldn't afford to have a lot of young architects of our own lives, so to speak, and not only people spoiling their napkins and tablecloths with their the architects but the builders, and that if we have cigaret smoking. Our people told them there would

ambition to do more and to accomplish more, God gives be no cigarets, and to have several hundred young us the ability through our diligence. I am a very firm people, there without cigarets made an everlasting

believer in the teaching of James that "faith without impression. I have heard many comments on the fine

works is dead, as the body without the spirit is dead,"entertainment which our choir gave in honor of its and of course we all know that the body is of no value former president, David A. Smith. To see this great

spirit leaves. to the us when We retain the body only ballroomit also outofinthetheUtahmezzanineHotel filledfloor,andandthenotroomseeadjoininga single it. until days a few we bury

cigaret, why it made a profound impression on the

Now what I desire and the ambition of my life is that people! And I have attended other gatherings of the

from now until my end comes I can accomplish more same kind. Each and every one of you, my dear young

year by year than I have accomplished in the past, friends, carry on your shoulders the reputation of this for the reason that I should have and I believe I do Church.

have a greater comprehension of the duties and the Everyone of us has in our power to preach this responsibilities that rest upon me and that rest upon all Gospel, and to preach it not by word but by example.

of us than I had many years ago. I am grateful beyond I sent out over six thousand copies of a little pamphlet

expression that as the years come and go my love for during the Christmas holidays, and I found one of the this Gospel of Jesus Christ that has again been restored items I published says it better than I can say it, viz:

to the earth is stronger, and that there is a greater desire in my heart to labor for the spread of truth and And now there is one more lesson for us to learn, the the building up of the Church of Christ here upon the climax of all the rest; namely, to make a personal application

ourselves of everything know. Unless which we we I to earth there before, than has been ever today and

it, virtually this lessons lesson, are other master on and act believe to that ought be the ambition every of each and their essential useless of glory. thus only robbed and The

one of us. living end or aim of everything we experience, of every truth

it is for practical taught, are the the of use make we we unless to I believe ambition accomplish have we soul, attuning the the the of of thoughts enrichment and to things that to do things and but very amount we. life. actions, the exaltation of do what we we.. When

little life. battle in at the of of nothing the I know it first luster vital put then does on know, and become

present time that seems to me sadder than to find the vinely orecious. William R. Algers. dinumber of our people who are losing the spirit of integrity and devotion and ambition to do things. It The Gospel is true. May God help us to live it is my

seems to me all wrong. Every individual should have humble prayer and I ask it in the name of our Redeemer.

a desire to grow and increase in capacity and in ability Amen. From President Grant's address at the opening

to do things. Certainly by mere exertion of the will, session of the 43rc? Annual Conference of the Mutual

by mere desire, we accomplish nothing; we must put Improvement Associations, in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake

with that desire the labor to accomplish the things we City, Friday morning, June 10, 1938.

ERVE YOUR By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

Of the Council of the Twelve

This article contains the message of the Baccalaureate sermon delivered by Dr. Widtsoe to the

U. S. A. C. graduating class on

Sunday, June 5, 1938. In speaking

of his text, "Serve Your Own Generation,"Dr. Widtsoe, on that occasion, added: "By this test we delight today to honor the institution

from which you are about to graduate. Happily, during its half century

of existence, from the first to the present board of trustees and faculty, from President Sanborn to President

Peterson, the Utah State Agricultural

College has diligently and intelligently served its 'own generation.*

The future of the college, likewise, will be measured by its earnest and honest effort to serve its 'own generation'."

cation has given you power beyond your fellows; positions of trust and

the Apostle, speaking in influence will be yours. If you perPaul, sistently and continuously, throughnomic, social, and religious implicaAntioch, seat of Roman glory, out your lives, speak for truth in the tions, should be set before our chilsummarized the life of David, full spirit of understanding, victory dren, if American ways of thinking

great king of Israel, in eloquent, rewill be yours. Men, in the end, preare to be preserved, and our great

sounding words: fer good to evil. I warn you only country shall fulfill its possible desthat all change and all reform come tiny for human good. The three

For David, having served his own genbest by evolution rather than by R's must yield a part of their ancient eration will the by of God, fell on sleep revolution. field to the emotional and spiritual

laid fathers. hisand was unto The days to come will bring their needs of man. When our schools

This was the highest praise that own opportunities for service, but become firm and fearless allies of the learned Apostle could give to three great problems of today and home and Church, America will

Israel's foremost king. It is today tomorrow appear like great shadows soon shake off the rags of vicious

the greatest encomium that can be upon the veil of the future, which practices with which human selfishspoken of man or institution. It is you must help solve, if you would ness has clothed her.

also the most searching test of the serve your "own generation."

worthiness of personal or instituFirst, there is the call of educaAmerican education cannot be tional life. To serve one's "own tion. You will be required to shape made strong unless schools

generation by the will of God"refor more perfect service the powermove nearer, in their instruction, to mains the truest measure of life's ful instrument for man's improvethe daily needs of man. It is well to

value and the safest guide to human ment known as the system of public speak of culture; but culture is but

conduct. education. America has become a a manner of life, touching all that a

You who now leave halls of schooltrained nation. From early man does. The dignifying of the

learning will be judged in life by childhood, into maturity, American necessary tasks of life, in the light

Paul's test of service to your "own children go to school. The home of the world's heritage of experience,

generation."If you heed the anand the Church has retreated before is the better objective of schools, if

cient formula, you may safely exthe schoolmaster. Parents surrender we really desire a happy nation.

pect, in the midst of life's storms, to their children to the school in their The sisterhood of land grant colfind honor, love, joy, and the inward formative and adolescent years. leges has led out in this endeavor

satisfaction that "passeth all underThe Church too often confines itself to the blessing of the land. Howstanding."to Sunday guidance for people who ever, even they are threatened with

You may be few in number in a live seven days a week. Our nation a cultural paralysis, which rates pure

populous world filled with countless is being moulded by our system of book learning, acquiring the problems; you may be as voices in public education. thoughts of the wise ones of the

the wilderness; yet your voices must Since our schools possess such ages, as being all sufficient, and makbe heard in opposition to the demapower, then, through them, necesing unnecessary an intellectual and

gogue, the charlatan, the officesary reforms and developments may practical acquaintanceship with the seeker, and all who would distort largely be accomplished. A man is work men must do daily for their

truth for selfish ends; you must be not likely to depart from the teachbread. A body of men, eminent in

as crusaders and reformers in the ings of his youth. Personal and the nation, has recently arisen to

cause of righteousness. Your educommunity ideals, with their ecourge the educational return of

GENERATION\\OWN (bo not $&Ui. $0 jojuL to jomqiWi. Ga. changes rests upon the institutions of collegiate rank. They are the

ipjuL AtcutoL &y $0jcL and. 2Ua* Iowa, pacesetters for the high schools and

elementary schools.

Imul jb JthiL jundtangj Would you serve your generation? Here, coming voters, speakAJUflrfjWJUAnJL&A, ijOJUL XVJlIL jt>JODJWL ers, writers, trustees of schools and

colleges, lies a mighty opportunity bsmsadjfiA, x>. ihsL Jvcujl ml sixiiwcdiimaL to serve your "own generation,"in

directing and redirecting American uplift, jul sxjwwjmixL bsdl&Jwuuni, amL education for greater American sevice and human good.

in. jmsfwdL unpJwvsjmsLni, The second problem which you

must help solve in life is man's call

America to the pleasant ease of the aimlessly, helplessly, freed from for economic emancipation, a call slumbering, classical education. Hidduty, during the three or more long heard around the world and stirring

den within the plea is the dangerous months of summer vacation? If the the nations to their foundations.

and incorrect doctrine that educaschool, with our consent, has invadYou will be called upon to help tion through the hand is inferior to ed the earlier fields of home and provide permanent means for supthat through the eye. Our near church, why should it not carry on plying every man born into the

century of experience with school throughout the year with such freeworld, in return for his best efforts, laboratories and shops refutes this dom as proper recreation demands? the necessaries of life: food, clothclaim. Thinly disguised, the plea Boys and girls by untold thousands ing and shelter as well as the comis for an educational aristocracy in suffer in our land for want of suitmon luxuries of life. No longer can

our free land. The course of history ably guided, productive occupation that duty be ignored; for every

is evidence that no offering could be during the months of vacation. Illworthy man is entitled to these

fraught with more evil in a world ness alone should justify idleness. things. In that respect all men are

hungry for light. This condition is probably the fault or should be equal.

The assertion is made, with which of the citizen taxpayers who have During the few centuries of our instructed not that all agree, not alike men are we civilization, the the schools properly modern common duties. in their in their powers. preinborn That to battle for been obliged man has

sents only a problem of school arfreedom of thought and speech, and rangement and administration. Let Another thought lingers. The for political equality. These prethe schools organize and present love of truth must be fostergd if cious possessions are now his. Toexisting knowledge to meet the men are to travel the road to happy, day we are in the midst of the comneeds of the variety of human gifts. useful life. Unless you have learned mon man's battle for economic suffiall truth college to love course your to people allow as advance But has ciency. well our serve We cannot in vain. purtheir Almost been the prime native far as they with can unless our use "own generation"we

endowments. pose of college training is to enable training to help secure greater ecoHonor be to the few institutions men to distinguish between that nomic security for all worthy men,

which have resolutely set about to which the powers of men have found and thereby win peace and contentdevelop respect for physical toil to be true, and the inferences, ment for the whole world. As men

along with mental effort; which changing with increasing knowlfind economic contentment, warhave even divided the day or the edge, that are drawn from such facts fare will vanish from the earth. The

week, so that a student may earn his of observation. In college halls, powers of our civilization must make

way through college by skillful man's interpretations of observed more available for humankind the labor, and actually receive credit facts are sometimes presented, by material resources of earth. Too

therefor! Such institutions may uninformed, biased or dishonest many of our fellowmen suffer for

break a lesser academic regulation, teachers, in the guise of established want of food, clothing, and shelter.

but they conform to a higher human facts. That is the gravest kind of That does not bring about social

law. Above all, if we would have dishonesty. In the world of affairs welfare. The earth offers an

peace and plenty in our land, comthis danger is ever present. A man abundance for the support of all.

mand our schools, which are but our or group of men may set up a series Wealth comes from the intelligent servants, from the first year to the of dicta, unsupported or incompletely application of human labor to the last, to draw nearer to farm and supported by facts, and build therenatural resources of earth. You

shop, to store and home, as well as on governmental or commercial have been taught how this may be all grief conof structures to the office to proand done. be apknowledge must Your courtroom—make

cling truth to must cerned. Men all fessions of of necessary pursuits to for at plied humanity's this problem

life. whatever cost. That must be the sake; then, many will call you blessIn close association with this constant, most important teaching ed. In this way you can greatly

thought comes another. Out of what of the schools. serve your "own generation."I am

shrine of hidden and doubtful wis- I cannot refrain from adding that, convinced that the God of Heaven, dom came the plan, unfitting in our within school circles, the responsi- a living Father, desires that the day, to allow children to roam about bility for needed educational {Continued on page 444)

AN "IDEAL"4- BOOK MORMONZarahemla/ What glorious thoughts are brought to the mind of any Latterday Saintby the name of this great metropolis GEOGRAPHY of the ancient Nephites. Here lived

the rulers of the people of Nephi, from Mosiah to Mormon. From By LYNN C LAYTON

here Moroni and the brave young general, Teancum, went forth to fight the degenerate sons of Laman, U)ithouL cdtsimpttinq to JoxxdjL IPul Aazr, Amalikiah.led the wicked by

From the neighboring land of Jer- o cudkwfL otL thsL pte&swidcu map.

shon, Helaman led his two thousand "Little Sons"to aid the sorely JthsL auihtfv hs/UL AuqqsLdiA. cl fea&ibJbL

beset Antipus. Here for six hundred years a great people lived, JojcJcrfiwL ofL namsUu aruL fdac&A- withloved, fought their battles and built

a great civilization. MApJZCt to SJOfdfL otPuUi, Uu hsuvsurisudL

To any Latterday Saint these stories are as familiar as if they were a part of our own history, yet the place of Zarahemla and its surrounding lands remain undeterwhich runs from the sea on the east mined. What satisfaction if we Aany individual members of to the sea on the west, that the head

could picture the Sidon as we do the Church, in private of the Sidon is north of the Land the Jordan, a definite part of the capacity, have expressed their of Nephi, and that the Land of earth, could visualize the battles views and their theories conManti is near the wilderness in which fought the people and who its the source. Sidon has fought cerning Book geogMormon of

in their settings. properthem Teachfrom Reading Alma 16:7 we find is raphy. another view Here

ers of the of Book know Mormon that his sons Zoram (Nephites and merely the per-—representing

difficultiesthe of presenting to a crossed from Zarahemla) sonal beliefs one student of of coming thegroup of students missionary their armies, "with the Sidon and the subject not necessarily and journeys of Alma and the Sons of representing the views of the marched away beyond the borders

Mosiah when they themselves have Church or its members generof Manti into the south wilderness, only a vague idea of the lands visally. But this presentation is which was on the east side of the

ited, their distance from each other unique in that it does not atriver Sidon."About 74 B. C. the

or natural the barriers encountered. general, great Moroni, fought Nephi to place tempt acthe scene of It often has that little been said in a this region. campaign he Here the tion on presentday map,

can be known of the geography of but merely indicates the relaambushed the Lamanites as describthe of of the because Book Mormon special 43:2544. ed Paying in Alma tive positions place one with ofgreat changes place at took which attention to verses read, 31, 32 we respect to another, as inferredthe time the Crucifixion. of Before his "Therefore, divided he and army a study the text from itself. of thisaccepting theory, remember part valley, brought into a over the

that while much of the record is a and concealed them on the east, and history of events which occurred on the south of the hill Riplah; and

before the meridian of time, the if located, form a sort of base meridthe remainder he concealed in the historian, Mormon, lived some four ian for the construction of a map. west valley, on the west of the river

hundred years after that time. A In Alma 22:27 Mormon gives a Sidon, and so down into the borders

careful study of the book shows that description of the land ruled over of the land Manti."(Read verses

most of the references to travel or by the king of the Lamanites in the 3 1 -42. ) From these passages we can

geography are phrased in his words, year 90 B. C. He speaks of a "narbe sure that near its head the Sidon

not those of the original authors. row strip of wilderness, which ran flowed from south to north.

After several years of study the from the sea east even to the sea That the Sidon still flowed from author is convinced that the Book west, and round about on the borsouth to north near Zarahemla is of Mormon contains sufficient inforders... of the wilderness which was shown by Alma 2:15: "The Amlimation for the student to construct on the north, by the land of Zaracites came upon the hill Amnihu,

a map of Zarahemla and its surhemla, through the borders of which was east of the river Sidon, rounding lands. Manti, by the head of the river which ran by the land of ZaraAs the River Sidon played such Sidon, running from the east tohemla."And in Alma 8:3 we read

an important part in the history of wards the west—and thus were the that Alma went from Zarahemla to

the Nephites, even until the days of Nephites and Lamanites divided."the "Land of Melek, on the west of

Mormon, and was one great physical In this passage we learn three facts the river Sidon."

feature of the land which remained about the Sidon, that its headwaters Apparently the Sidon flowed into unchanged during this period, it will, are in a narrow strip of wilderness the sea on the north as Alma 3:3

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

speaks of the bones of the slain

Lamanites whose bodies were LA N D thrown into the river as being "in DESOLATION!

the depths of the sea."OT? MULEK

To begin our skeleton map it is necessary to consider the land of

Nephi, which includes in its general HAXTfOW NICK term all of the lands held by the OT LAN D

Lamanites in the first century B. C.

Here the first Nephite city was built by Nephi the son of Lehi. Nephi

this city5:6-17. Mosiah From of LAND forth the land to discoverwent

Zarahemla. In the first century to HET? MOUNTS

B. C. it was ruled by the Lamanites to WILDERNESS

and was the land to which the sons UJ Alma z:36

of Mosiah went to preach the Gos- z pel. The extent of this Lamanite ft AlnmS'>6-Z7s

in is outlinedkingdom by Mormon W LAND OF learned 22:27, haveAlma and we

itthat AlnaSi;Z6 separated from was ZaraZAR/AHEM1 JERSHON strip of wilderhemla a narrow by

ness which ran east and west from sea to sea. "And the land of Nephi MoriantonAixtasr.zz*

in straightdid a course run from east the 50:8. to west."sea Alma the h '\Ju<Zka LAND OT AZvas/:a6*L/Jf CITIES BV

WEST a THE are presented with weXTow Mati SOUTH SEA Moroni h situation: Sidon unique The A2rna3;84-H., n JSJS.'/S

inrunning ends to north south from a sea. The Land of Nephi running NARKOW STFIP 0FW)LDET?NE5S id

east and west runs from sea to sea. AlmAZZ.-Zf

strip of wildernessThe narrow di- <vides of Nephi from Zarathe Land lands,hemla, or the Nephite OF NEPHI 10 a -5-osd sea to sea, from and LAND A Zmalso runs running thiseast will west. note and If you LAMANITE LANDS the LAND OF the as withforms Sidon a T,

stem and the Land of Nephi as the Tin&rIN H ET? ITANCEtop bar. From this T and the east AlTrta. 2Z:2&

and west sea shores we can locate lands. of ancient themany

of Zarahemla The Land was near otherThein theabovefirst diagramcentury showsB. C. asthedevelopedrelationshipin theof Bookaccompanyingof Mormonarticle.lands Into fittingeach

the Sidon. In the year 322 A. D. this diagram to any map, allowance must be made for the fact that rivers, sea coasts,

the last wars of the Nephites began etc, which deviate several degrees from a meridian may be said to run North or South.

journeys to try trace the of the following that course the student It is suggested"in the borders of Zarahemla by the the diagram. campaigns or military above on of Sidon."waters Mormon 1:10. 62:1438, 52:1-40, 56:9-57, 63:4-6; Helaman 44:2224, 51:2237, 43:1754, Alma

About 81 B. C. Zoram and his 1:1433; Mormon 1:6. (Note here that Zarahemla was in the Land Southward.)

sons left Zarahemla and "crossed Many other lands and cities may be located by using the Book of Mormon index guide. their as a river the Sidon,over with

attempt is made here to suggest the location of any cities in the Land Northward. Noarmies, marched and beyond away

the borders of Manti into the south wilderness, which was on the east In the year 51 B. C. Coriantumr, Bountiful was north of Zarahemla.

side of the river Sidon."Alma 16: a renegade Nephite, led a great The Land Bountiful was near the

7. This passage together with Alma Lamanite army "down to the land "small neck of land which divided

2:1537 (pay particular attention to of Zarahemla."Helaman 1:1718. the land southward from the land

verses 15 and 27) show that ZaraAfter capturing Zarahemla he "did northward"and was inhabited by hemla was on the west of the Sidon. march forth with a large army, even the Nephites "even from the east

They also fix Manti as on the east towards the city of Bountiful; for it unto the west sea."Alma 22:29near the head of Sidon. was his determination to go forth 33. Note here that verse 32 tells us

Zarahemla was the center of the and cut his way through with the that the "land of Nephi and the land

Nephite lands in the days of Moroni. sword, that he might obtain the north of Zarahemla were nearly surroundIn the year 62 B. C. Moroni wrote parts of the land."Helaman 1:23. ed by water."This use of the term

an epistle from the city of Mulek to "But behold, this march of Corian- "land of Zarahemla"apparently inPahoran, who was then chief judge tumr through the center of the land cludes not only the specific land surof Zarahemla, accusing him of neggave Moronihah great advantage rounding the city of Zarahemla, but lecting to send reinforcements to the over them."Helaman 1:25. all Nephite lands of this period.

frontiers "because ye are in the heart These verses establish the fact The city of Bountiful was sepof our country... surrounded by that Zarahemla was in the center of arated from the city of Mulek by

security."Alma 60:19. the Nephite lands, also that the city ( Concluded on page 439

JhsL PROTESTORS OF.,...,,....,....................

CHRISTENDOM

v. {RwfdcdwfL fiaptaauL bi

(DobcdsL and, QmpsAmL dtct

By JAMES L BARKER Head of the Department of Modem Languages at the University of Utah, and a member of the General Board of the Deseret Sunday School Union. VALLEY OF THE KINGS FROM MT. OF OLIVES.

it 'T'his people draweth nigh unto me with their professingMoreover,theyoutruemayfaithbeinsurethis thatletter,I amfor mouth, and honoreth me with their lips; but our common Lord and brother, Demophilus,

their heart is far from me. has deigned in his charity to expound to me

"But in vain they do worship me, teaching for alsoyour discussedCatholic and(Arian)expoundedfaith, atwhichSirmiumwas doctrines the commandments of men."by many of our brethren and fellow bish-

—Matthew 15:8, 9. ops and adopted by all who were present.

This I have gladly accepted and in no particular have I gainsaid it and to it I have declared my assent. This I follow

CONTINUED heads the list of those who suband this I uphold. I confidendy believe

scribed the Nicene faith at the counthat I may entreat your holiness, now that with in agreement hearty behold you me called a Constantius gen359, long induced cil of Nicea, "was by efforts forth graciously your you, to put to restore the council peace the of threats imprisonment and theINeral I zeal, that council and may in common of the church. The eastern bishemperor... to subscribe the Arian be released from banishment and return

to the see the Seleucia at and assembledops which18 was once divinely entrusted to me. Italy. at Rimini in bishopswestern A Sirmiumformula of(357)."the second council of

moderate Arian statement of faith, The banishment of Bishop Liber- A similar letter was sent to the drawn up at the headquarters of the ius of Rome occurred in 355 and Arian leaders:

emperor at Sirmium, declared the the Arian Felix was elected, "by Liberius in exile to Ursacius, Valens

Father and the Son to be similar antichristian wickedness"as Athanand Germinius.

I of are sons peace know you Whereas ) according in all panta things ( kata asius puts it, and ordained bishop of the of the love concord and and harmony ousia scriptures, term the the andto Rome. therefore, Arian), Catholic church (now

(substance) was rejected. Under Bishop Liberius had stood with under no compulsion whatever,—as I callpressure of the emperor, who had firmness for Athanasius and the God to witness,—but for the sake of the

is blessing of which peace and concord, expression the first caused to faith, unable but he was in all Nicene to preferable I approach you martyrdom, the decision dropped, to be things to In a letter banishment. withstand letter, this brethdearest with and my lords

was accepted by the western bishops Constantius, Liberius writes: "You, ren. I hereby inform your wisdom that

at Rimini. Then, Constantius, with in your justice and clemency, can I had condemned Athanasius, who was

threats and force, caused the westdecide whether it is right to assent15 bishopI wrote ofto thethe Alexandriancourt of the church,holy emperorbefore ern bishops to sign the formula as to their (the Arian) judgment."that I was sending a letter to the eastern

modified by another council at ConAnother letter of Bishop Liberius bishops. And he has been cut off from the

all of the church, as communion Roman division, the tostantinople. Owing reads: of Rome

is the of the priesthood church Roman at arrive not did brethren, at Seleucia his to beloved dearly Liberius,synod... I witness. Wherefore, approach you

East, the of it fellow priests bishops and real conclusion. However,any letter this adjure you, Alwith and by

greeting. the to Christ emperor Jesus our representatives His and mighty Son,sent God

but, I Athanasius did defend not... graciously to to Lord, our most and go God to accept compelled these wereand of Julius predecessor, Bishop because my that Constantius, emperor, clement and ask

it after faith I and, of him, had symbol receivedthe was had honorable memory, for in blessing the of concord, peace and traitor I a considered afraid that be might council of the Conmodified bybeen his finds delight, reverence always which

I will, sort. God's in when, But by some it to the return to order he to church sentstantinople may me was (360),

in right conbeen that realized had you his divinely to that in so me, committed for their everywhere bishops the assent I straightway gave him, demning my the time endure church not may Roman 'exile. let- I of threats delivered asignature under judgment. to your And tribulation. letter this to are unyou By

brother Fortuour to ter concerning him world whole says, "The fairly honestly, Jerome brothdearest derstand and to the to carry emperor Coners, all that peace with you bishops I am at groaned that has and was astonished to see stantius.natianus been Athanasius So now of the Catholic Arian).19 church (now itself Arian."all of us with from communion excluded

Even the deposed Athanasian and his official letters are no longer to be However, in defense of Liberius, that in peace I assert by me, I am bishops creed) Athanasius, History Arians, (Nicene now subaccepted of the with everyone and with you and harmony belief. the Arian Liberius scribed 41, says, "But way, gave of east the throughout all the and bishops

Hosius, bishop of Cordova, forthe provinces. after he had been two years in exile,

merly the ecclesiastical advisor of 15Letter in full in Shotwell and Loomis, The See 16Shotwell and Loomis, The See of Peter, pp. 581,

Constantine and whose signature of Peter, pp. 556563. 583586.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

and subscribed for fear of threatArianism, the pure doctrine of Arius From 379395 Theodosius the ened death. Yet this shows only and the changing theories emitted by Great, though, except for three

their violence and Liberius'hatred of the Eusebian party,18 were effectively years, not sole ruler, exercised the heresy and support of Athanasius ruined forever."real power in both east and west.

as long as he had a free choice. For Throughout the fourth and fifth Like all western emperors, he was

that which men do under torture, centuries, the emperors frequently Athanasian; and he was the first emagainst their original intention, decided in favor of one bishop as peror to be baptized in the Nicene

ought not to be considered the will against another and approved or faith. He enacted more rigid penagainst paganism and against doctrines: edict alties terrified of "In the these persons 16but rather condemned

sects, Christian all nonAthanasian that of the year of their 543 that emperor tormentors."(JusYet Athanasius is not known to tinian ) condemned nine of Origen's henceforth termed heresies. "Soon

have raised any objection to the propositions, and added his name to after his baptism, 380, he issued, in overawing conduct of Constantine the list of heretics who were anatheconnection with his weak coem- in the Nicene Council and the exermatized by all bishops and abbots at perors, Gratian and Valentinian II.,

cise of imperial force in behalf of the time of their installation. In this to the inhabitants of Constantinople,

the Nicene faith. The most famous wise Origen was numbered among then the chief seat of Arianism, the

leaders of both parties did not obsuch heretics as Sabellius, Arius, and following edict:

ject to the use of force, provided others.... We, the three emperors, will, that all

our subjects to the adhere religion which it, the decree "After condemning benefited they by and the most taught to St. Peter by the Romans, his writings Origen fathers and of the famous Athanasian faithfully had been waswhich has been preserved by

party later defended its use."published, the authorities immedidition, and which is now professed by trathe

of Peter, bishop and proceeded Damascus Rome, the Athanasian the ately andJQoth to18 put it into execupontiffof Alexandria, holiness. of apostolic a man force)."tion (by parties Arian considered theminstitution to the According the of apostles

selves as constituting the "catholic 18Mourret, Les Peres de I'Egtise, p. 201. and the doctrine of the gospel, let us believe

19Funk, 154. History, Manual Church p. of A the one the of Father, is, the Godhead Son, (that universal) in and, church"Schaff, History the vol. Christian Church, p. in of

the and of Ghost, equal in Holy majesty 139: the anteNicene age, "In schismiii, heresy and fact, whichever party the might had

... in only met were a moral the way, by and word Trinity, that order Holy the adWe it of the writing, the emperor behind were punished with excommunication and was this faith herents of called be Catholic

of rights the from church. Justin the Martyr, Ter- "catholic church."the all Christians; emperor the folbrand senseless Had we tullian, first Lacantantius and the even advocates were

of of the principle conscience, lowers of of other religions mainfreedom and with the infamous Arian,always the been of power tained, against that religion the heathen, essenwas of heretics, forbid their name and conventhe state tially in of will, a free matter used been would have and could promoted be the ticles assuming of churches. Bename instruction only persuasion, not and by outward bycontinuous of support Arianism, and the of force. the justice, condemnation against All divine say they persecution of sides

Christians full the in to applies heathen by the they theArianism must expect the penalties orhave would been heavy which persecution of heretics the the church. After by our authority guided heavenly by wisdom, faiththodox "catholic age departures stateNicene of the from reigning the

shall think inflict. proper to faith church Cod. not only Theod. abhorred wereall excommuniand church,"or the and Athanasianism errors, religious as but cated also treated as were xvi, 2. 1,

Nicene creed would have been punishedcrimes againstwith civilthe penalties;Christian atstate,first andwith hencedeposition,were In the course of fifteen years this

heresy. confiscation, banishment, after and, Theodosius, even at least fifteen penal death."See Just. i. 2, 4, 12; emperor issued Mart. Apol.

(Continued However, the final and decisive withTectull, on page c. 24, 437) 28. Apolog.

iii, Schaff, vol. the History Christian Church,exercise of of imperial aumight and peror so, the convened either assembly, in person or 134: after emperors p. the Constantine (as "Thethority in means by commissioners, of of he support the maintained the was Athanpublic after popes them) councils, the general summoned

order. account of the popular excitement On during the expenses, bore necessary in presided the councils faith.asian It this or Nicene was sessions, such this not desirable, merely was but commissions, through in to the gave decisions doctrine

absolutely their necessary. close the At Emperor discipline of for the the forceexercise and imperial law of whole Roman judgment, auratified the canons, imparting in Synodical to them empire, their maintained authority. them and by Thethority this force. legal divine a reveand In way General no... Council emperors or the influential nominated confirmed most power—not this of period the ever were in present Popes person. metropolitans patriarchs. all and part in took Theylation nor unless guidance, indeed

. the their of votes the Legates By consented.. Popes disputes. theological protected They orthodoxy

..,.to.the decrees the Imperial ratification immeheresythe punished use with. and violence the of of divinely power. Often, arm was

diately following the formularization the canons of took they the however, side, heretical and banishedguided though closure the the and therefore Synod, and of before their bishops orthodox from sees."inconsistent—that further confirmation any the from could Pope have (Catholic), FunkPerciballi Manual Church Hisof thedetermined fundamental Chrisobtained; been the theory of whereas on subsequent tory, 198: to the p. constitution regard "With

Papal approbation the Papal confirmation would necestian beliefs, least it at or for 1,General Synods, the of the was called dogmas, Emperor who sarily that of have preceded the Emperor."together, this them their with corresponds and charto centuries come.many... acter as the the Synods as and Empire of EmFor a period of eighteen years VALLEY OF JEH0S0PHAT FROM MT. OF OLIVES.

after the death of Constantius in 361 the fortunes of the parties varied with the vacillating support of the emperors: for two years until his

death the pagan emperor Julian tried to restore the pagan worship; then

the Nicene faith was renewed in the west. "Gratian (375378) did not

show himself any less hostile to

Arian heresy (in the west) than to paganism; and one could believe,

after the tragic death of Valens ( the

Arian emperor of the Eastern Empire) at the battle of Adrianople in 378, that the cause of Arianism was lost forever....

"The two primitive forms of

"Schaff, History of the Christian Church, vol. iii,

p. 145: "Soon after (Augustine), Leo the Great,

the first representative of consistent, exclusive, universal papacy, advocated even the penalty of death for heresy."

She thought of the radio but that Beckoning might disturb the sleeping man. She

would have liked to go in the field and drive one of the mowing machines. That, too, was taboo. Life roads had become more complicated these

last two weeks. As if in answer to

her wish there came to her ears a

By DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON short, impudent blast from an automobile horn. She looked up expectantly.

FAR: Nancy THUS STORY Chapter Six "It's the her crowd!"She droppedTHE Peter two Porter Hohecson, and feet. the to her sprang book and Bymarriageable young and verymuch-inlove

people of a rural Mormon community, time Lynn had stopped the car she for there them. the door to open was

.he next week was one affection her greeted an with They—thefound themselvesspring in anticipatingwhich they,"theirwith spring"others T,

of their friends, had decided to go to the of the hardest Nancy ever spent, and born of years of intimacy.

loneliest. his return from married at to be Conference the On JuneTemple

agricultural visittime. seemingly after poor Blaine to "You darling."Vera held her at Peter's But the day

prospects and accumulated debt caused the ranch Reid had pointedly ignored arm's length. "You're positively

Peter, a highprincipled and cautious her. It was evident he sensed what beautiful. Getting away has done

unthe If marriage to postpone something man, Peteryoung to you. Hans letter the to the meant. bank had

til times."his motives "better Questioning see could only Holverson you now."if to her with do Was in her his the anger and wisdom, ofand bring him?"you it "Why didn't for possible Mr. had made impulsively Woodit anything serveddisappointment, Nancy

notice on her betrothed that the "postPete to borrow the money to pay his "We intended to but he was not ponement"would be permanent and the son? Was she at fault if his victory at Sunday School and we came di-

"engagement was off."The embarrasswere not a victory after all? Aprectly from there."

that the intensified fact by ment was so. parently pointedhe thought He eaten?"not have you "Then "their crowd,"and couples Mark oftwo ly attention courted Miss Meade's Phyllis, Phyllis Vera, were told and "Yes. and have,"Lynn who We just and once again was Nancy less economically prepared for apparently the her. place at our stopped and "We

that bookkeeper. she minded their Not to with through marriage, decided go ate."

plans notwithstanding. And so these two that, she told herself; but she had

to the lawn. parted, with hopes postponed—or abannearly given up her position because Vera had dropped

she said is heavenly,""This and in with discouraged a Living home doned. letter of indifthat as Pete and was

ill disseriously father, chronically sat her. and others the beside a "We ferent as a stranger have would brothers, a workand couraged younger to thought,"continued she Nancy, been. as not back had come He to printenaciously held mother, worn who "that Pete already over come had sent he promised nor he had had rebellious ideals, ciples became and Nancy here."

situation. better to her the determined any of word. and knowledge Her

Through a chain of favorable circumstances, outcome of the affair was mostly "We're missing you,"Phyllis was she finally secured a temporary job as guesswork gleaned from Reid's atstudying her closely. "You didn't

a ranching commissarykeeper huge of Easter Sunday, you said what optitude loud she had mean some words and the country. section eration in a nearby of Pete, I did you? and you About his father. at shout heard him Then impatient, citybred young, Reid Wood,

son of the ranch owneroperator, called to one day Mr. Wood had spoken to mean?"

take her to her new assignment. The trip her. "Certainly she meant it,"Vera

reached. There the job was made; was "Say, young lady, did you mail answered. that she about something Reid was Wood "Tell me about your trip."Nancy letter that I wrote?*'to remember. There was something wanted

talk herself. the "This from couldn't that she Holverson Peter about "Reid mailed it. He went to town isturned first the time seen I have you resentment forget: some There was bethat morning."

that since his she married."you father were and tween Reid Wood

couldn't understand. And so she found "Huh. Seems I can't even write

job crosscurrents with a herself among to son getbank without my own my into a launched in her her hands heavy thoughts and on V ERA ting suspicious. Guess I know passing the days she mind. found With my lively description they the sights of

herself liking her job and her surroundown business."He looked sternly had seen, the fun they had had, with

herself near to drawing ings, and found the at her as if defying her thought. a vivid account of a flat tire and father nature employer, inner kindly of her Ben Wood—and found her thoughts often One Sunday Nancy was sitting on the length of time it had taken the

drifting to his restless son, Reid, with whom the lawn reading. Miss Meade and boys to fix it. All in all it had been

learning talked, something rode she and trip. only "The

restless his discontent. the cause of she ended, "was ofA back.Reid WoodMrs. hadChrisgonewasawayin Blainehorseaflyveryin thesatisfactoryointment,"to accident serious put his Ben Mr. Wood son Reid in charge of the ranching operawith her husband, and Mr. Wood having to merely look at all the pertion, under which responsibility he showed was supposed to be sleeping. There fectly gorgeous dresses. I tried on

some signs of commendable leadership and was a humming undertone of sumat least a thousand."

arrogance. of possessive some signs Nancy mer in the air about her. From the "You could get just as nice ones sweetheart, learned that her formersoon

Peter Holverson, was under serious financial fields came the faintly rhythmic in Blaine,"Phyllis reminded her. obligation to the Woods—and that young clicking of mowing machines. Even "But that is different."

Wood intended to force payment. The on Sunday the work went on here. "How is it they have water

nurse. intrusion of a presumptuous Miss She let her book drop. Why must enough over here?"Lynn asked sudto care for employed Meade, Mr. Wood,

further complicated an already difficult she be alone? This kind of weather denly. "I like the looks of these

situation. was meant to be shared, not endured. fields and this valley. It has been

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

flutterly little Vic being sick of mar- "If you are so keen about money,"ried life."Nancy asked her, "why did you

"Vera."Constant Phyllis was marry Lynn?"

shocked. The black eyes scowled. "Don't

I get personal. what telling you am righteous, don't be so "Oh, Phil. to all do."after laughed They and sick I'm of living in someone else's that felt better. they house. What do we get married for

if it isn't to have a home of our own?"iNlANCY had brought them "But you were anxious—sandwiches and a cold drink and

"Don't rub it in."Her voice they were preparing to leave when

turned wavery. "I've worked on next Nancy remembered Phyl's rethat womankilling farm until I never mark about work.

want to hear of work again.""Mark,"she said. "They want

I heard "And I worry about the absence anotherthe cooksteadytelling manabouthere.it this mornof work."

ing.""What do you mean?"Nancy de- "That would be a break,"Lynn manded. "You haven't lost your—turned to him. "Why don't you

"No. But Mark hasn't any work."try?"

They fell silent. Marrying had "I will. I'll come over the first

solved some problems and created thing in the morning."

others. Perhaps life, after all, was Phyllis put her hand on his arm.

a succession of problems to be "Shouldn't you see about it now?"

solved. "But they told us out yonder the

"How are things over home?"boss was gone."

"Like they always are. Out your "We'll wait."Lynn wasn't going

way it is terrible. We're leaving."to let Mark miss his chance for

work. "Let's ride up to the head

"What do you mean?"of the valley. Come on."

"Exactly what I said. It's the Nancy hesitated. "I will if Mr.

parting of the ways for us and the Wood is asleep."She went to his

farm. Why people can be stupid door and looked in. Coming back

enough to stay on one is beyond me. she told them, "Get in the car. I'll

Lynn doesn't know it yet but we are be with you in a moment."She went

leaving."back to the kitchen by the comREID ROSE OF THE OUT "But—"Nancy began. missary. "Now,"she said when she TO THEDARK OPEN

in FOR HER. "YOUSCREEN "I the car with them, was can

all darling. reasons, the "I knowFINALLY RETURNED?"HE listen peace. go in says he will JimBARKED. every I hear of the day. hour them

But if there is anything more unfor Mr. Wood. But the nurse

should before back long."be She there than about a pay check two or three years since I was over certain sat in the with back Mark and is about the weather me."you tell here."Phyllis.

"They haven't. The men say they "I think—"As they neared the head of the

will be a hundred tons of hay short. "I know that one, too. On a farm valley the vegetation seemed greener

Mr. Wood has a reservoir of his own you always have something to eat and more inviting, though everyin the hills back of here."providing the woman hoes the garwhere, as on Big Smokey, there

"I've got to get out somewhere,"den two or three hours a day. Well, were evidences of the lack of rain.

Lynn went on. "There isn't land I never was keen about eating. I'd Lynn drove slowly. He was watchenough on our place for Dad and sooner have a bath tub. I'd as soon ing the fields on both sides of the

all us boys. I'd like—-"worry about little bills as big ones. road.

like this course, a place one Of that?"really decided you "Have I I could "Don't wish had have

different. crazy, be You're would his wife turned and looked her head the these chance they men had when

it."leave ever Nancy, if you at him. pointedly valley."to this came

mean?"do you rose "Yep."and spoke to "What Lynn his chance?"do you mean "What "Isn't there an unattached male "Let's look around."Mark. like wife a "It looks demanded.

"Okay."Mark rose lazily. around here?"dumb place to me."

Vera watched their retreating fig- "Vera, please.""I mean the chance to take up a

ures. "It is a good thing he has "My, my, how modest we are homestead with free range on all

come to his senses."these days. You fish. Any man sides. No wonder Mr. Wood made

"Vera."will be lucky to get you."a fortune."

To their dismay brittle Vera burst "But there is Pete,"Phyllis cried. "Some of them haven't done so

into tears. Nancy put her arms about "Honestly, Phyl, you are too well,"Mark said, as they passed a

the shaking shoulders. "Don't cry."loyal to be true. If Nancy must long, low log cabin that was surely

The girl shook herself and sat up choose between two evils why not a derelict of the past.

determinedly. "What a laugh. The take the comfortable one."(Continued on page 442)

THE LORD'S WAY OUT OF BONDAGE By LE ROI C SNOW lt)oA. not ihsL wjcu jd$L msttL

Of the Church Historian's Office

BUTOPENEDFAITHFULNESSTHE WINDOWSTO THEOF HEAVEN.LAW OF TITHING

HPhe onehundredth anniversary of the revelation on tithing given July 8, 1838, recalls Lorenzo Snow's divinely directed mission to> St. George T

in the late nineties which pointed the way for the Church and its people out of financial bondage.

Lorenzo Snow was inhis eightyfifth year when President Wilford Woodruff died. Men

usually seek retirement long before they reach this advanced age. They

rarely welcome burdens of responsibility so late in life. It was generally understood, both by the Latterday Saints and by nonmembers of

the Church, that Lorenzo Snow, who was then president of the Council of the Twelve Apostles, would be PORTRAIT OF LOthe successor to President WoodRENZO SNOW AS IT ruff. However, there were some APPEARED HANGwho believed, at the time, that he ING IN THE SALT

would not accept this position. LAKE TEMPLE IN

The responsibilities of Church 1901.

leadership were very great. A combination of circumstances had so

involved the Church, politically and financially, that embarrassment and distress faced the people. Great

problems awaited solution. Unusual

leadership was required. The situation demanded the greatest energy

Saints being of the Latterday mine, but as God's administration stead strength. Lorenzoand Snow Was through me."to they had tended moneylenders yearsequal had passed to it? Many

since his participation in financial The day after President John become "hewers of wood and drawaffairs. He had not recently been Taylor's funeral, proceedings for the ers of water."They were truly in

identified with large business enterconfiscation of Church property bondage; the heavy yoke of indebtprises. His entire time was occupied were begun in the United States edness was fastened about their

in temple work, and he was rather Court. All the property of the necks. Under present changed

inclined to spiritual than to business Church was seized and for nearly conditions it is difficult to realize pursuits. ten years tedious and expensive litifully the humiliating financial posiPresident Snow, after his call to gation continued. Then, too, for sevtion which the Church occupied at

the Presidency, humbly admitted eral years the General Authorities that time. Hundreds of thousands

that he did not know just what he had been compelled, by prosecution of dollars in pastdue obligations would do; but he was confident that under the EdmundsTucker law, to were presented for payment and

the Lord would show him, and he remain from home. Therefore, durcould not be met. I well remember

placed such dependence upon the ing this period, the business intermy father's approaching his chief promptings of God's spirit, and was ests of the Church suffered greatly. clerk, James Jack, with the words:

so sure that he would follow those These are but two of the several "Brother Jack, we must raise some instructions that he said: "My adcontributing causes which brought money. Go through all the securministration will not be known as about serious financial distress. Inities we have and see if you cannot

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

fice, father informed Secretary was made in 26 hours, had never beGeorge F. Gibbs of the contemfore been traveled in so short a time.

plated trip to St. George. Brother There were twelve conveyances in

Gibbs at once asked how soon Presthe party, and the drive, by team, ident Snow expected to leave and from Modena to St. George was

who would be in the party. The made in nine hours.

reply was that he would leave just President Snow stood the trip as soon as arrangements could be exceptionally well, but was very made, and that he would take as tired on reaching St. George. He

many of the General Authorities as was at once taken to the home of could be spared from the important President Daniel D. McArthur for

work at home. entertainment during the visit. FeelAll necessary arrangements were ing the need of rest he decided to remade, teams and carriages were sent tire early. He entered the room;

ahead to Modena, the terminus at mother followed him, and I followed that time of the Salt Lake Route, and her. As I closed the door and

on Monday afternoon, May 15, turned towards father, I noticed that 1899, the following party left Salt he was very weak and hardly able

Lake City in the private Pullman to walk. I hurried to his side and

sleeper "Montana,"the first Pullassisted him to a couch. Just as he

man car over the Salt Lake Route, reached the couch, he fainted. I

tendered to President Snow by Mr. quickly got some water; we rubbed

THE TABERNACLE AT ST. GEORGE Bancroft of the Oregon Short Line: it on his forehead and wrists and afPresident Lorenzo Snow and wife, ter a few moments he regained confind something that we can sell to Minnie J. Snow, President Joseph sciousness, opened his eyes and

raise some money."F. Smith and wife, Alice K. Smith; looked about the room. He closed

President Franklin D. Richards and his eyes again and we knew that he

"Because of the great number of wife, Jane S. Richards; Elder Franwas resting. Not wishing to disturb

creditors who presented their decis M. Lyman (who joined the party him, we remained quiet, not speaking

mands, and because of the vast at Provo) and wife; Elder Owen a word, although we were very much

amount of indebtedness, father often Woodruff and wife; Presiding worried about his condition.

referred to the conditions as "the Bishop William B. Preston; W. B.

bottomless pit,"and "the unfathomDougall; President Seymour B. A fter about fifteen or twenty minable deep."Much of this indebtedYoung, Arthur Winter, Race Whitutes father got up from the

ness, which aggregated about two ney, reporter for the Salt Lake Hercouch and began walking up and millions of dollars, was drawing ten ald, and the writer, reporting for the down the room. He had the most

per cent interest. Deseret News. Others were with painful and anxious expression on

The first step President Snow the party during part of the trip, but his face that I had ever seen, and he took in Church finances was to issue the above are all who made the enmust have been going through in- a million dollars in six per cent tire journey, only three of whom are tense mental suffering. After pacbonds, thus not only greatly reducnow living, Elder Arthur Winter, ing up and down the floor several

ing the interest rate, but removing, Alice K. Smith, and the writer. times, he commenced talking aloud

temporarily, the immediate demand The party reached Modena early as follows: "Why have I come to

of creditors. However, this did not the next morning, Tuesday, May St. George, and why have I brought

atdecreaseChurch—itthesimplyindebtednesspostponedof finalthe and16, androckystartedroad toonSt.theGeorge,long, rough,nearly whenso manyweofarethe soChurchmuch authorities,needed

payment. How was this tremendous seventy miles distant. The roads home to look after the important afobligation, which had been accumuwere extremely rough and the trip fairs of the Church? Haven't I made

lating for many years, to be paid? was very trying on all the members a mistake? Why have I come here?"

One prominent business man preof the party. The distance from When the Lord instructed his

sented a plan to solicit contributions Salt Lake City to St. George, which servant to go to St. George the purfrom the entire Church membership. (Continued on page 439)

He suggested a One Thousand A GENERAL VIEW OF ST. GEORGE

Dollar Club to include all who would contribute one thousand dollars each, a Five Hundred Dollar Club, etc.; but President Snow shook his

head and said: "No, that is not the

Lord's plan."The Lord had not yet

shown his servant just how the problem was to be solved, but he revealed the plan a little later.

One morning my father said he was going to St. George in Southern

Utah. I was much surprised at the

thought of his making this long and hard trip. Mother expressed considerable surprise, but asked no

questions.

Upon entering the President's of401

THE COLOR OF COURAGE A SHORT SHORT STORY By BETH HARMON

terrupted Emily sharply. And Susie,

still blank and bewildered, took her sister's hand.

Emily flushed. Her reply was That evening to Miss Kinney's

quickly forgotten when young Asa humble boardingplace came Lucy burst breathlessly into the school with the blue curtain, Amy with the room. flour sack, and—marvel of marvels

strips of bright "Have you heard the news?"he—Emily with seven

shouted, knowing only too well that red calico!

no one had. "Well, the President's "Seven's right, ain't it, Miss Kinwife is comin'to Lone Ridge to see ney?"asked Emily brightly. "When

Eagle Dam! The man that tends I cut 'em I kept a-sayin'over the

the railroad crossin'says her train song we'll sing tomorrow, 'Six white'stripes pretty red ones.'seven and stops here for certain—tomorrow!"your "Emily, mother does know tomorrow's Flag Day!""And

brought these?"asked Miss you children the reminded Miss Kinney

"EMILY, DOES YOUR anxiously. Kinney ask First Lady MOTHER YOU happily. "The may KNOW

reEmily honest ma'am,"BROUGHT "Yes, THESE?"does, to see our school. She usually MISS ASKED KINNEY I can she says help you "And ANXIOUSLY. I perplied. her time understand, whenever

mits."sew a spell if you want me to."

"But that old flag..."persisted

little Susie. /\t dawn the next day all

.he oneroom school had "Couldn't we make a new flag?"Lone Ridge was agog. The Presbeen dismissedT for the day. Martha suggested Emily timidly. "It ain't ident's wife was due at noon. AlKinney patiently listened to her pufittin'to let the First Lady see such ready the local people thronged the

pils rehearse their Flag Day recitaan old one!"tracks.

tions and sing the familiar patriotic "A flour sack would do for the The hours dragged on. Babies

songs. Finally it came time for little stars and white stripes,"suggested cried fretfully and their silent elders

Emily to say her piece. Lovingly a practical youngster named Amy. shifted uneasily. Then all at once

the girl grasped the weatherbeaten "My ma'll let me bring one."she was there among them, smiling

school flag in her hands and began, "My ma's got a blue curtain that and nodding her friendly greeting.

"Red is for courage..."she might let me have,"added a fairThe officials from Eagle Dam

"That flag is pretty old and torn, haired girl named Lucy. fussily escorted her on her tour of

ain't it?"observed Emily's younger "But what about red?"asked Asa. inspection. Then straight to the

sister Susie. "Yes, what about red?"echoed schoolhouse she was led by the

"Yes, it is,"the teacher agreed the others. eager children, who sang the nathoughtfully, "but still it is our coun- "Nobody's got red,"spoke up tional anthem more lustily than they

try's emblem."Lucy emphatically. "Nobody buys had ever sung before.

In her heart Miss Kinney wished red. It runs somethin'awful in the An awkward hush followed, until

she herself had the price of the new wash!"the honored guest took her seat on

flag which the Board really could not "You gotta have red,"insisted the rickety platform. Then, one by

afford. Ever since she had come to Asa. one, the children sang their songs

the hill country to teach, she had "Sure, you gotta have red,"reand spoke their pieces.

known nothing but scrimp and save, peated Amy. "Doesn't Emily's piece At last came Emily's turn. She

her small salary always long oversay, 'Red is for Courage'?"advanced gingerly to the front,

due. It was as if Lone Ridge The children left for home with proudly bearing before her a gleamschool, like the sparse, wornout the question of red still unsettled. ing new flag.

land which supported it, begrudged Emily and her sister were the last to The children gasped. The First

the few dollars required to give its go. At the door Emily whispered Lady smiled her encouragement.

children even the rudiments of an shyly: Triumphantly Emily touched a brileducation. "Maybe I can get the red stuff, liant red stripe and began:

Emily still stood regarding the Miss Kinney.""Red is for courage."

school flag silently. Susie overheard, and eyed her She spoke the last line in a clear,

"Are you a-thinkin'of that new sister in blank astonishment. "Emily! ringing voice. The place thundered

... You couldwith applause. The First Lady herdress you're aimin'to wear at the You> ain'tii a-gonna

exercises, Emily?"teased one of the n t.... self stood up and kissed the child's

girls. "You come along home, Sis,"in- (Concluded on page 438)

"DICKENS'BOYS

UJjUUcwl dlahhi&ML Qulmsui, Juwiv/l aha a&. "(BiUbf iPuL

WILLIAM HARRISON CULMER By HELEN MILLER LEHMAN

This incident led to the inclusion his tiny room in a fraternal Palace, he headed one of the groups of "Billy the Cartwheeler"in an inproteges timate of group young of the 25,000 the boys up who made sitsIN in California, northern home as Dickwhich "The became known chorus. of Dickens Mr. one was old whitehaired, pinkcheeked a ens'Boys."it the Fair, of patrons the and was Culmer. Harrisonman—William first in that there contact he came as not days, other of speaksHe Billy been had time when one At "Billy with the Cartwheeler."

past, of old babble the menmany his called benefactor, meet to at early Arriving rehearsal one virility expression, of a abut with in the appointment kept Dickens day, Billy turnDickens encountered flash of humor, an andyouthful Colwith Wilkie William company ing his corcartwheels the down detail. for accuracyamazing He all lins, writers, detective the of peer ridor. himself Finding with audian history, of andhas a been maker later novelist's sonthe became who left ence, off the child quickly cartac- his physical ofalthough days inlaw. wheeling, innocently and stood gazstill past,tivity are alert and he is

ing at a great oil painting "And is this your boy?"Collins the on in interestedkeenly presentday

world events. wall. Noticing the resemblance beasked.

In 1852, Mr. Culmer was born tween the picture and the man who "Not my son,"was the reply, "but

portrait (for the had approached it this in of boys,"and one was my threeof a the aboard Napleson Bay truly ), of the covDickens was boy fashion that always Culmer Mr. was his father of which schoonermasted

his plunging ered embarrassment by time, for introduced. three one At of skipper. land the homewas The

into conversation. well Culmer at the a months, guest house he was stone's within a familythe was his Twist, Oliver which knew was novelist. of the home in docks, great of thethrow London

quarters over the Hagenback Zoo. then being hawked on the street The Culmer family also mainat noon, each Saturday close friendship one tained a with Oscar such corners these rooms came humbleTo

serial. installment each of the penny misordinary then B. an Young, novelthe Dickens, Charles asmen

"It's picture a of very you, good sionary, sent abroad been hadist, who sixth the B. Oscar Young, and

I Dickens, exact the Mr. and know assist brother, his to elder Brigham ofson Young. Brigham

Bill chimney hung."Sykes where in of the the Jr., Young, Euwork better a boy, Culmer was As the Staggered boy by hearing of say ropean of the Church Mission "Billy as the Cartwheeler,"known location of someknew the exact Saints, of Latterday Jesus Christthe title having given him as he been

thing which, of course, never existed, with headquarters in Liverpool.the result of a competitive contest

in the Crystal Palace, London, behe asked: "Where did you say that In 1863, the Culmers, who were

cause of his ability to turn one hunwas?"loyal Mormon converts, crossed the the Graywhere know "Do you in ship cartwheels, Atlantic the emigrant consecutivedred which

is, Sir?"continued hound Bridge ton of barque twice the performance anexceeded Hudson, 800 any

Billy. iron inother Sevas unseaworthy. England. condemned boy The "Indeed, yes,"was the reply. this the wrists to hisstrength required for of day enty days were

big the "Well, Sir, do you knowtestifies crossing. to his prowess. Transshipping from New

side of the other house on joined His autobiography, cars, they were York in cattle now in the redbrick hands of a London publisher, is enthe race?"at the Missouri River by westwardtitled "Billy the Cartwheeler,"con- "Yes."bound immigrant groups numbering

taining reminiscences of Charles "And the big chimney on top of about one thousand persons from

Dickens and the London Slums of it? The only chimney on the eastern Europe and our own southstates.his to ern en route day, "by the last of the Dickens'house?"were Many "Yes, the only chimney on the California gold others to the Utah,Boys."

His impish personality and preredbrick house."fields.

cociousness easily won him promi- "Well, it was right there that Bill The journey was an eventful one;

nence. He stood at the head of his Sykes hung,"triumphantly anIndians were encountered at North

class of two hundred seventy boys nounced the lad. Platte, Whiskey Gap, and Cache

in the Ragged School which he at- "Well, well,"chuckled Dickens, Junction. Culmer mentions with

tended, and, when the World's Fair "isn't it strange? I had almost forpride that he was given a cayuse as

of 1862 was staged at the Crystal gotten where it was myself."{Concluded on page 436)

The story of our

By GEORGE D. PYPERGeneral Superintendent of the Deseret Hymns

Sunday First AssistSchool Union and ant Chairman Church of the Music The Tune and Its Composer '.lilt

Committee The tune for this devotional hymn has been made popular as the theme or signature of the coastto-coast xxx. 'Ssmih iiohsL KSLColumbia network broadcast

of the Tabernacle choir each Sunday ihsL ScAiui SihoitL morning. It was selected from 421

hymns contained in Latterday Saint

Words by WILLIAM W. PHELPS Hymns. The composer was the late

Music by THOMAS C. GRIGGS vertThomasto theC. Griggs,Church anof EnglishJesus ChristconTHOMAS C. GRIGGS

T'his hymn, used by the Salt Lake

Tabernacle Choir as a theme GENTLY RAISE THE SACRED arrivingber 13, in1861.Salt HeLakeplayedCity, Septemin Johnsong for its nationwide broadcast,

STRAIN Eardley's and Mark Croxall'swhich begins its tenth year on the air this month, was written by the By William W. Phelps bands. During the early sixties he employed was Brothers by Walkerearly poet, Church William W. in their Floyd. branch home at CampPhelps, a short sketch of whose Gently raise the sacred strain,

life was printed in The ImproveFor the Sabbath's come again, There he joined a class in vocal rest, training leader of the and man may became for It Thatment 1937. Era March, return to his thanks God, And at choir place. that his dated He in included the collectionwas blest. to blessings the His For career as a choir that leader from in by Smithmade 1835 Emma time. to Salt Returning Lake City

strife; divine authority. day,under of devoid Holy There

is no dramatic story known conLet us seek eternal life, he joined the Tabernacle Choir and five of sang the great reward, under J. leaders-—C.cerning It That the origin of the hymn. the partake Sacrament And Robert Thomas, Sands, Ebenezer written doubt while nowas Brother In remembrance of our Lord. Beesley, Careless, George and EvanPhelps spell the under of the was

Sabbath and the solemn sacrament. Sweetly swells the solemn sound, Stephens. In April, 1880, while on

It expresses gratitude for the return While we bring our gifts around a mission to Great Britain, he was hearts, of the broken as conductor named TaberOf itsof the day attendant of rest and sacrifice, a willing And nacle Choir, with Ebenezer Beesleyblessings, life, thoughts eternal on Showing His grace imparts. what his assistant as conducted durwhothe great reward, the and of day

sacrament in remembrance of the Happy type of things to come, ing Brother Griggs'absence. Upon

Lord, a day for gifts of broken When the Saints are gathered home, his return, Brother Griggs graciously that suggested Brother praise Beesley conthe Lord, Tohearts willing and type sacrifices—a In eternity of bliss, tinue as with himself as conductorof blessed to things come, the when All as one with sweet accord. assistant, that done. and For was willSaints in eternity, be gathered

to praise God in sweet accord. It Holy, holy is the Lord, ten years previous to his mission and two years upon his return, hesings of repentance and forgiveness, Precious, precious is His word;

directed the Fifteenth live; Choir, Repent and Ward allenjoins to fast and pray, as God sins Though your red, be crimson then the best of in Salt one Lakeordains, his for his goodness and Oh, repent, He'll and forgive. City.love the while remains. Sabbath

Softly sing the joyful lay, From 1874 to 1891, Elder Griggs

For the Saints to fast and pray! was superintendent of the Fifteenth

As God ordains. Ward Sunday School and from

For His goodness love, and His 1891 to 1901 superintendent of the the While Sabbath remains. day Salt Stake. Lake susIn 1889, he was

tained as a member of the Deseret

Sunday School Union Board which of Latterday Saints. He was born position he held until his death. He

in the town of Dover, County of and Brother Beesley compiled the

Kent. Shortly after his baptism first Deseret Sunday School Song

May 17, 1856, he and his mother Book and assisted in the compilation emigrated to America, arriving in of the Latterday Saints Psalmody.

Boston, July 11, 1857. It was here In May, 1900, he was named busihe first became interested in music, ness manager for the Union, which

joining a brass band in that city. position he held until his death. He

At the close of the Civil War, was an indefatigable worker and mother and son crossed the plains in did much to improve music in the

WILLIAM W. PHELPS Captain Joseph Home's Company, Church. He died August 12, 1903.

iphjoloqhafduxL dtiqhliqhLiu 1$ ihsL Qwul QoftMnoL 1. of Mass dance 1,000 couples on the Saltair Pavilion, direction the 6. under I. National at Leaders Boy Scout the at gathered A. Conference M.

the of A. M. I. Brigham to right: Young Left Monument. Hansen, Dr. Raymond O.

2. delegates, Canadian Scouts from District in Council, McGrath a mo- O. Wyland, Ray L. Curtis. and Edward

of relaxation. ment Left, right, David Anderson, Christensen. 7. Jay right: Welcoming Canadian Delegates. to Left Superintendent May

3. M. I. Conference Principals: A. to right: Left D. Augustus Zanzig, of Anderson, the Primary Association; Piepgrass, king scout LeGrand

director the of Festival; Music Miss Myrtle soloist; Leonard, guest of Canada; S. Charles Matkin, of Scout Commissioner Canada; Boy

President Grant. Heber J. Superintendent Morris, the George of Q. I. A.; Y. President and M. M.

4. Pres. I. G. of the Lucy Cannon A., Y. Supt. and M. George I. Q. W. the of G. Lucy Cannon Y. A. M. W.

I. Morris of the A., Y. en to route M. of M. one the convention meetings. 8. Scouts of Salt the Council Lake Impressively Flags Carry American

5. Part of the crowd for gathered the Institute at Summer drill as Grove, in Memory they the University in for Preparation the Stadium Cavalcade

City Creek Canyon. of Scouting.

By CARLTON CULMSEE Of Brigham Young UniversitvSlavery

CAUSED AN DIAN WAR N UTAH

: Jtah's first serious trouble between

Whites and Redmen grew out of slave traffic and began eight years before the

Civil War broke out.

Lee at Fort Harmony. He also deWalker looms head and shoulders

clared the Piedes cut pickets as well above the rest of Utah's Indian as white men could. leaders. He was called "king of the

What destroyed this happy partIndians in these mountains"by nership in many areas was, to a Brigham Young. His name brought

significant extent, the disapproval shivers to Indians and even whites with which the Latterday Saints from New Mexico to California, so viewed the slave traffic between the boldly and swiftly did he strike. He

Indians and the Mexicans. In the ranged as far south as Sonora and

footsteps of Fathers Dominguez and Chihuahua. He rode north to fight

Escalante had come less unselfish the Snakes and Shoshones. Once,

Spaniards. These later comers for example, he raided ranches in

bought squaws and children which Southern California and came trotthe Utes captured from weaker ting home with a thousand captured

BRIGHAM YOUNG tribes. horses thundering before him as

This traffic brought the two most proof of his triumph.

figures of and picturesque in powerful brought on a warSlavery conflict. fESPiTE occasional protestations history into earliest Utah the before years Utah eight As governor and Indian superinof friendship, Walker had

Civil War. This early strugtendent of the Territory of Utah, wanted to fight the Mormons from

gle is interesting for other reasons. Brigham Young forbade the slave the beginning. But Sowiette, the

It was Utah's first sustained conflict trade because it violated the laws of good chief, had twice thwarted him between the Pioneers and the Inthe territory and often placed guns by withholding needed support and dians. And, differing from most and ammunition in the hands of unby warning the whites.

frontier fighting, it apparently grew ruly tribes. As a farroving and Also Walker had held sporadic

out of the white men's kindness to successful war chief who often took hopes of making the Mormons his the redmen. captives, Chief Walker approved allies against rival tribes. But

At the beginning of 1853 the good the trade for what it brought him treatment that the Mormons gave FORT UTAH, SALT VALLEY LAKE and his underchiefs. He wanted

filling palisades log of cabins Rows with gaps productive Indiansthe seemed interference. only no in first of forts formed the Utah. some between

of good. Many redmen, after one

or two minor outbreaks, were laboring diligently and even happily to help the whites become established in the Basin of the Great Salt Lake.

As late as the spring of '53 Brigham

Young received such morsels of news as this from various nooks of the new Territory:

The Walkers (Indians) work first rate;

you can see them all over Nephi carrying water, chopping wood, assisting to haul wood, and doing other duties. They had

helped much in harvesting crops the previous autumn.

The natives... look upon us as men

that are sent by the Great Spirit to ameliorate their present though wretched condition... They herd our flocks and faithfully labor....

This report came from John D.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

They did not all leave the Territhe Spanish Trail and could not be tory. Some skulked about, inciting overtaken. On the way north from

the Indians against the Pioneers. Parowan, Huntington found that

They no doubt ascribed the action Chief Peteetneet and his band had of the Mormons to selfish motives. gone up Provo canyon to wait and

They probably pointed out that the "see how the battle went."What

Mormons themselves had purchased battle? Something was in the air.

Indian children. Another ominous hint came late

This was true. Several times Inin April, 1853. Visiting Provo on

dians had attempted to barter capthe twentieth, Brigham Young was tive children to the settlers for guns brusquely accosted by a stranger and other articles. And they usually who demanded a private interview.

succeeded in driving a bargain when Suspicious, the governor refused.

they made it clear that rejection Later he learned that the man was a often meant torture or slow starvaformer New Yorker who had lived tion for the children. On at least in Mexico for several years and had

two occasions, young captives were come here to buy Indian children to tortured at the very doors of the trade to the Mexicans.

ZERUBBABEL SNOW, JUDGE OF THE FIRST DISsettlers who had declined to buy When reminded that such traffic

COURT, LEON PEDRO BEFORETRICT WHOM AND them. And the whites, at last unwas contrary to law, the stranger OF GUILTY SLAVE FOUNDHIS BAND WERE

TRADING. able to endure the shrieks of the had impudently retorted that

victims, paid what the captors "Catching comes before hanging."

when he proposed such an alliance asked. "He made some threats and

to Brigham Young, he met a firm Nevertheless, the cunning words boasted that he had four hundred refusal that infuriated him. and the sneers of the Spaniards Mexicans on the Sevier awaiting his

Then Brigham Young interfered seemed to be having effect, at least order,"reported Governor Young.

in the slave trade. A score of Spanon the chiefs who profited from the Could this be true? Brigham

iards, led by a certain Pedro Leon, traffic. A hint of trouble came early Young did not think so. But knowhad appeared in Sanpete valley late in the spring of 1853. An express ing was better than guessing. In

in 1851 and had begun trading arrived in Salt Lake City from Iron a proclamation issued at Provo on horses and other valuables for Incounty with news that Chief Walker April 23, 1853, he struck at the slave dian children and firearms. Their had met white men pursuing Indian trade and ordered Captain W. M.

intention was to sell the youngsters thieves. The chief had placed himWall with a detachment of thirty

into slavery in Mexico and to trade self in the path of the posse and with men to ride southward "through the the weapons to the truculent Nava- a menacing manner had told them to entire extent of the settlements, rejos. They sometimes sold guns to go home. connoitering the country and directUtah Indians, if they could drive ing the inhabitants to be on their

good bargains. It was a many- T"Vmick B, Huntington, interguard against... surprises."They

sided traffic, according to Dr. Wm. preter, sought a peace talk with were also "authorized and directed

J. Snow, authority on Western HisWalker in Parowan. But the chief to arrest... every strolling Mexican

tory. had hurried off to "Sampitch"over party, and those associating with

These traders held a license to trade with the Utah Indians. It

was apparently signed by James S.

Calhoun, governor and Indian superintendent of New Mexico. Two

other such bands of traders carrying similar permits were reported to be operating in Utah.

Brigham Young would not recognize such licenses in his territory, and he would not issue Utah licenses contenancing the slave trade. He

ordered the Spaniards to stop their traffic. They laughed at him. They WAHKARACHIEF WALKERAND HISOR

had carried on the trade when Utah BROTHER, THE VINbelonged to Mexico, and they preWALKERDICTIVE WASARRAPENE.CALLED

ferred to continue. "KINGDIANS OFIN THETHESEINThe affair reached a head later MOUNTAINS"BY BRIGthat winter. Pedro Leon's band was DRAWINGSHAM YOUNG.ARE THEBY

arrested and brought to trial, first WHOCARVALHO,TRAVELEDARTISTWITH before a justice of the peace in PRESIDENT YOUNG TO

Manti, Utah, and then before Judge THEIN 1854.PEACE PARLEY

Zerubbabel Snow of the first district court. The Spaniards were found

guilty. The nine slaves they had

when arrested—a squaw and eightchildren—were freed and the Spaniards were commanded to leave.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

them, and other suspicious perple, he shall be wiped out of existof sparks flew. Oddly, this fulmisons..."ence and every man that will follow nating incident, like the underlying

Other measures which he took at him."cause of the coming war, grew from

this time to "preserve peace, quell Captain Wall with his militiamen a white man's attempted kindness it i:he Indians, and secure the lives and returned from his scouting tour of to an Indian. This is the way

property of the citizens of the Terthe south on May 11, 1853. He had came about:

ritory"were these: learned at Parowan that Walker

of Indians approached group A his apparently conbands were and militia of the are Territory hereby The Ivie's Springnear home James east gregating the of on the branchinstructed to to in readiness to be march ville 17, 1853. squaw on July A River. All Sevier at notice. pointany Piede Pah- a moment's and...

All Mexicans now in the Territory are vant chiefs with whom Wall had entered the cabin and bartered some inrequired to the quiet settlements remain flour. Ivie for trout to Mrs. The story: the parleyed, told him same

... officers the are hereby.. and arrived the terms as squaw's mate to glad the have were Mordi- They.rected in to treating safe custody, keep them on. agreed of the exchange were feared their but they kindnessthem them supplying with and among mons

necessary wants. Walker. He stole their children, He railed at his spouse for driving

and when he could not steal them too easy a bargain. At last he

More disquieting news came to he killed their parents and sold the hurled her to the floor, leaped at her,

Brig ham Young and his party as children to the Mexicans. stamped, and kicked her,

Ivie running.they into came continued He James southward Sanfight, say. "From the best information..."relished apete valley. some oldtimers learned at Manti They

on April 27, 1853, that the Chief Wall concluded, "Walker is willing But in this instance he was actuArrapene, brother of Walker, had to live in peace, if he can have his ated by humane motives. According

left the day before, very angry. All own way in stealing other Indians'to Ivie's story, he jerked the buck

the other Indians had also gone away from the moaning squaw.

away in a great hurry that morning. The Indian attempted to shoot

With hostile actions the Indians had Ivie. The white man siezed the barkept the people of Allred's settlerel of the gun and wrenched it so

ment in alarm all night. violently that he broke the weapon.

Three Indians crept into Manti He staggered back clutching the gun fort one midnight. When chalbarrel. Swinging it like a club, he

lenged they asserted they brought dealt the threatening Ute a blow on news from Walker and Arrapene, the head. The Indian crumpled to

who "wanted peace."Brigham the floor as if dead.

Young sent gifts of clothing, tobacAnother Indian shot an arrow co, and food by these messengers, that passed through the shoulder of and told the chiefs to behave themIvie's hunting shirt. Ivie brought

selves. But he warned the settlers his iron war club down on this

to be prepared for any emergency. brave's head also, and laid him

He learned that one hundred fifty senseless on the floor.

Yampa Utes had gone over to Then the squaw did what most "Walker's camp."These Yampas, women would do to an intruder init seemed, and Walker's warriors a domestic quarrel—she upheld her

were the "four hundred Mexicans"husband. Snatching up a stick of

on the Sevier. Reported Governor WHENNINE SLAVES—AARRESTED PEDROSQUAW LEON'SAND EIGHTBAND CHILHELD firewood, she struck her rescuer

Young: DREN—PURCHASED FROM THE UTES. across the mouth. She, too, received

a blow from the gun barrel, and she return that learned at Nephi we On our joined tribesmen on her unconscious sell to them to the Mexicans all chief, his childrenBatteez, Indian had ordered floor. that her The upshot was ammunition, for guns and or if we the the Offense flee toIndians to mountains.

was taken by the Indians at my Proclamawill buy those children of him and husband died a few hours later.

tion which forbade the traffic in Indian give him guns and ammunition, to Another incident occurred at inchildren. the Utahs were The habit enable him to continue his robabout this time which helped stir stealing the children Piedesof from

and other weak tribes and trading them to beries."the wrath of the reds. An Indian

the the parents ofthe Mexicans; at Provo, tribesman when shot a fellow audacity customary and With

kill resisted,stolen children the Utes would accidentally. probably the But man perfidy, into strode GovWalker children. relinquish the rather thanthem fled laid responsible act and his was office this 2, 1853. toBatteez ernor accustomed had on been Young's July

traffic. He feigned friendliness. to the whites.

Wild for vengeance, the Indians "Drigham Young was not daunted But President Young was not derejected peace offerings of beef and by the threats of war. Speaking ceived. Neither were some of the clothing. Chief Walker was campin the Salt Lake tabernacle on his other white leaders. They fretted ed near Payson with a large band.

return, he frankly admitted that about the poor defenses of many of One night Indians crept into Payson

Walker held a strong position the tiny southern settlements, for and shot Alexander Kiel, a guard.

among the Utah Indians. But he they sensed danger. The tinder was Then the band hurried southward to

said: "If he becomes hostile and being gathered for the spark. lodge their families in a place of

wishes to commit depredations upon Indian flint and Pioneer steel security for the impending struggle.

the persons or property of this peoclashed on July 17, 1853. Plenty The Walker War had begun.

$IwAili out d$. ihsL d&MJd,

J/ul PHANTOM HERD By ROBERT M. HYATT

his deliver that persons pounds, thousand of most and the minds as some say are those whoThere alplace, in fabulous passengers the Calistrange, mythical freight and the Mojave roam wild camels

Desert; that a huge "snow most as the Seven Cities of Cibola, fornia coast town in two weeks from

white"one leads a pack of these that lured the early Spaniards weststarting time.

century. 16th in the Today, across ward desert"the "ships ofungainly

still exists lure that eternal in the At length, in 1854, a Congressouthwest's of ourthe vast solitudes countless of thousands, not minds appropriation of $30,000 country. aridmost diminished whit since the days initial one the was was sionalobtained—which occasional are the true Just how conquistadores. first bold of the last exin America's and move prospectors old told talesvivid by

craze"swept The "camel of the periment with camels as a means longthese supposedlyof seeing laughed at and It was transportation. expe- A purchasing the country. creatures far out onvanished

wastelands? Is there really a remjoked about. While the House of dition headed by Major Henry C.

ridiculing Representatives was was conducted and to Egypt the Wayne early government exof thatnant bill, General Crossintroduced by the the Levant. of "The history remaining?periment

for to import man, an appropriation in duties unusual Army abounds that might questions are These for experimental camels a few officers, but purperformed few by its in exist of many, the mindswell coming on the heels of the announceposes, Jefferson Davis, the deeply compare with Major Wayne's misment, recently, of an old "desert rat"interested War Secretary, succeeded sion,"writes Robert Gainsburgh.

who allegedly saw his pet burro in obtaining the appropriation. "It required an international diploelope with a band of the humped Mr. Davis pointed out the great mat, an accomplished auctioneer,

animals, led by an enormous white importance of these beasts of burden and an obedient soldier, and mostly one. Of course, everyone knows in Asia and Africa, and their valuthe patience of Job."

that the loneliness and eternal siable service to the British in East His ship reached Tunis in August, lence of the desert, coupled with India. He was convinced that they 1855. After acquiring three camels

the long ( many times disappointing could be equally valuable in our own there, he proceeded to Malta, where years spent in search of the illusive arid frontier, and very effective news of his coming had preceded "strike,"is conducive to at least against hostile Indians. him. On his arrival there he found

some of the strange sights reported Some of the newspapers became every sorebacked camel in Asia by members of this grizzled fraearnest in advocating the plan of Minor doctored up and waiting on ternity. Yet the desert holds many forming a "dromedary express, to the coast, to be "offered to the

carry the fast mail to bring and at States grievous sacri- a United mirages!incredible truths—and

letters to fice eastern its newspapers and of ten times value."conjecture is a matter of While it

whether or not any descendants of California in fifteen days."The A halfdozen other seaports were

that camel venture of the '50's are arguments backing the proposed touched, and each in turn had its to be found today, it should be noted scheme at the time were entirely motley camel herd waiting for him.

that the government, in 1855, logical. It was even indicated that But at last the purchasing was combrought a ship load of them from "fast camel passenger trains"would plete, and thirtyfour irritable and

Asia Minor, at the insistence of be plying between the Missouri seasick animals and their native

Gen. George H. Crossman. The River and the Pacific Coast. Camels attendants comprised the expedition

latter was convinced that camels there must certainly be! when it finally arrived at Indianola,

were the only sensible mode of transThere was his famous reputation Texas. On the voyage there had

portation across that "vast Sahara of going for as long as ten days been six births and four deaths.

which could not be traversed by without water. It was a long way The Texans, many of whom had

mules, horses, or oxen."Mr. Cross- "between drinks"from the Missouri perhaps never seen a camel, turned

man is credited with having conto the Colorado River, but not too out in large numbers to witness the ceived the idea of using camels in long for the camel, who could board unloading of this peculiar cargo, of the Southwest as early as 1848. himself on sagebrush, cover 30 to which someone has written:

At that time, California existed in 50 miles a day with a load of a (Continued on page 436) ning Brigham selected his lumber and at dawn of day he was found busy at his task. At noon he had a small water wheel

completed and, while the other operatives CAYUGA'S were at dinner, he drew the water from the flume, adjusted a gate and had his wheel running upon their return.

His wheel had an upright shaft some five or with high 40 a slant of 35 or six feet the frame OifwL WiuL WmC'degrees. arranged a top was On

to hold a large oldfashioned dinner pot, paint the with into put a cannon which was little honest a too were riHEY By Williams Joseph the ball 25 wheel pounds. weighing When to beg, to too and proud

it in in revolve set motion, one would was to lazy work,"ttoo opined Farr its Larsen position slanting John direction while would and steal,d—

of in speaking recently Teditor roll direcball to opposite in the thean cause States Eastern Mission Of the rollthat the tion. continued idea was The wise men.""three County'sCayuga

the ball or pulverize grind the of would in County, York CayugaOver New fineness. desired the imto This County, New ingpaint C'ayuga (Singer Isaac Singer claimthey all pronounced provement a comby was York, claims Isaac Wells Machines), Henry thereafterSewing plete success Brigham and was

(Wells Fargo Express), and BrigSinger of the sewing maconsulted in regard to all proposed alterham Young as their own. chine, Henry Wells of ations and improvements upon the premises.

Fargo, and Brigham Wells the are Auburn and Port Byron in the Mr. of home Weston tell NTear they Young, of whom this locale cities in of theprincipal is that Presi- a well Port Byron these many stories among is for that thenarrative. word Rich still stoned. well dent Young The

section if you are interested in the THEM gives forth delicious, pure water history of our early Mormon leader. which is a testimony to the skill and

Recently, a group of interesting good judgment of our second leader.

things were found by a number who An interesting story is told about were touring the Eastern States Misthis well:

sion. Dr. John A. Widtsoe, Sister The lady of the house in which several

Leah D. Widtsoe, who is a grandof the factory help boarded rebelled at bedaughter of President Brigham ing obliged to carry the water for culinary

Young, and President Frank Evans purposes from a spring some 30 or 40 rods of the Eastern States Mission were distancewell dug andnearrequestedthe house.Mr. Parks to have a

in the party. Mr. Parks proposed to have it dug

In Port Byron we visited the famabout 10 rods north of the house at a point ily of Mr. W. H. Weston, who lives where the ground was lower and argued

within a few feet of Brigham less.that theThisexpenseidea notwouldbeingbeinproportionatelyharmony with

Young's residence of early manthe wish and convenience of the lady, a hood. One of the most interesting somewhat heated discussion arose, and not

things we discovered was a docubeing able to harmonize the situation, it ment that was read before the CaywasBrigham.finallyAfteragreedlisteningto appealto thetheargumentscase to

uga County Historical Society on both sides, he decided that the place for many years ago. The document, the well was near the house, assuring Mr.

which is an old newspaper under Parks that the fact that the ground was that at point higher reason no was why is in pos- 5, 1904,date of March could secured not be with no greater family. ofsession the Weston his calling attention of digging, Mr. waterdepth to

Weston is the nephew of William fact that the spring from which the waterthe

Hayden, who was the author of the was then procured was much higher than paper. The article, according to the the ground upon which the house stood.

rules of evidence, is unquestionably Geologists today accept this as an reliable. The author is very careful axiom.

to avoid saying anything that he Mr. Parks had many excuses for not

does not know to be true. Mr. Haydigging the well, the strongest being that

den, who was a very learned man no man could be found with the necessary it to up. stoning stone in lay the To of a York skill memberand the New

if this that objection proposed Mr. Brigham of years, forState Senate a number

after close furnish the help Parks would knew Brigham Young intimately. of the day's work in the factory he would

In the stately home of Mr. Westhimself undertake the stoning up the well

its guarantee permanence. and would is attractions further of the oneon DR. MRS. JOHN AND readily proposition acgenerous This was ball, sort the ordinary nota BY cannon BRIGHAM THE YOUNGA. WIDTSOEMARKERSTANDINGIN PORT the speedily cepted well begun. and on work BYRON, YORK. NEW the that captured frombut one was little less of feet than stream a a 20 good At

British at Saratoga in 1 777 and carwater was reached, which has continued to ried by President Young's father first employed at painting wooden pails, flow copiously until the present day. Some

the satisbeing in a so done manner work for three four 10 nights or of hard work miles hundred into Vermont.one factory forth to call as compliments the night hours many well each comand was the Youngs movedWhen proprietor, the to York from Parks. Brigham Mr. use. for pleted ready Parks and Mr. was

State the cannon ball went with suggested that there was still a chance for expressed himself as much pleased and with them. Mr. Hayden tells of the relic improvement if the paint could be properly his customary generosity presented Brigprepared. This, it he declared, could be done afterwards with a dollar which ham was incihisin paper. following The

slight additional with and, expense into tossed once well that the said as Brigham in realso the paper recordeddent for, for, arranged enable to offering. I will Parks would Mr. a thank not This vouch

ferred to shows the resourcefulness dispense with the services of one man, while but I do know that when the well was of the pioneer leader, in that he put the work itself would be better done. being cleaned some 20 years afterwards a

the cannon ball to a practical use: theIt improvementwas agreed thatin oneBrighamday, Mr.was Parksto maketo silver Spanish dollar was found.

Brigham, as he was familiarly called, was furnish the required material. That eveIt was while President Young was

a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

working here in Port Byron that he ageous, and sympathetic. Evidences

met his first wife, Miriam Angeline that testify to these characteristics

Works. He took his bride to a cotare being uncovered every day even

tage that he built without assistance. though he was a figure of a century

Brigham Young was about twentyago. Is it not logical to suppose that

five years of age at the time. The if God needed a great leader to carry

house he built for her is sturdy and on His work He would select a man strong and it is still in use today. having these qualifications?

The State of New York has placed a marker on the roadside near by.

The house has three floor levels; the

lowest one being on the ground—

kitchen.semibasement rooms ChwihcA, JhsL is Three

are on the middle floor, and two rooms in the upper story. Stairwaysinside the house connect all floors. HILL

It is thought that the basement was used by Brigham Young as a workshop. CUMORAH

An incident of a drowning boy isone that was never effaced from the IRA J. MARKHAM

memory of Senator Hayden. He

used the following words before the Oalmyra and its immediate vicinCayuga County Historical Society: * ity, revered in Mormon history

as the birthplace of a great reliLittle lovely Carpenter, a boy Willie is fast of gion, a modern becoming three years, to andabout was allowed go of tourists for and members mecca father, his the in cardingmeet a workman machine building about 10 rods south of the the Church from all parts of the pail factory. When the little one did not world.

return as expected an alarm was given Plans are well under way to and a search begun. Brigham at once conmake the traditional conference

cluded that if the boy had fallen into the and pageant to be held July 22, 23, the currentraceway, have him would drawn that event an will be and 24 an into sight. of the flume out and He attend. All iminspiration to all who in after and,mediately plunged a few moments of swimming and feeling about in who plan to make a visit to this

the raceway, the body was found and sacred spot would do well to arbrought out. range their schedules to be present

The frantic mother caught the limp little at this event. Bus loads of people

body in her arms and it was some time from the west will make it one of before Brigham could persuade her to altheir main stops on tours to Morlow him to take measures to resuscitate mon shrines.

the child. It was too late, however, for

life was extinct. I have often heard it Here can be seen the Sacred

remarked afterward that Brigham shed more Grove where the Prophet Joseph tears over the loss of this child than did Smith received the first revelation;

its own father. the old homestead where he lived

as a boy; the Hill Cumorah where,

Vears after President Young left heat thereceivedhandstheof recordsthe AngelfromMoroni,which

Port Byron and became one of he translated the sacred history of the "Mormons,"the citizenry named the ancient inhabitants of the conthe section in which President tinent. There is now, also, the

Young lived, "Nauvoo."The name forty foot bronze and granite Angel

is common in Port Byron today. Moroni Monument which is illumifloodlights nated powerful by

state from Port Going Bydown to night every dark from dawn.

enteredron Auburn, N. we Hill Y., ADRINKINGMISSIONARYWATER(ELDERFROMERNESTTHESKINNER)WELL of the base At the Cumorah

where Brigham Young assisted in STONEDUPHUNDRED YEARSBY BRIGHAMAGO, NEARYOUNGPORT OVERBYRON,A is the Bureau of Information buildbuilding many houses. One in par- N. Y. ing, designed to resemble the architicular we noticed was the home of ELDER JOS. W. WILLIAMS HOLDING THE tecture of ancient America.

William F. Seward who was Secre- "BRIGHAM YOUNG"CANNON BALL. Public meetings will be held in

tary of State in President Abraham BURIAL GROUND OF ANGELINE WORKS, the Sacred Grove each day. On

Lincoln's cabinet. At the entrance of FIRST WIFE OF BRIGHAM YOUNG. each of the three evenings, the

stirring pageant, "America's WitOFthis HOME lion W. H. WESTON NEAR PORT figures reare mansion two

N. Y. BYRON, for Christ,"will ness be presented at thesembling of the entrance one

in theatre. 5. the openair This BRIGHAM YOUNG'S EARLY PORT HOME AT inthe Salt City. Lion Lake House N. Y. BYRON, THIS CONSTRUCTED WAS BY of attracted audiences pageant this is PRESIDENT YOUNG. doubt President whereNo

last people season. over 10,000

his build obtained the idea toYoung CONSTRUCTED HOUSE BY BRIGHAM YOUNG the of President Frank Evans N. Y. MENDON, 6. ATLion House.

Eastern States Mission extends a

Inspiration is received from this hearty invitation to all to join in section. When one gets down to reached: Brigham Young was an the annual Hill Cumorah Pilgrimthe facts and weighs them carefully outstanding young man in Cayuga age this year.

there is only one conclusion to be County, resourceful, capable, cour411 astic applause given the missionaries rivaled greatly that received in Amsterdam a month previous.

Every year the A. M. V. J. Athletic

Club of Amsterdam sponsors an international basketball tournament at which the countries England, Belgium,

France, Germany, and Holland are usually represented. As cage artists,

the missionaries are pointing for this they as missionaries but Ybdhsi/dandA. tournament,

are pointing making friendtowards

By J. PAUL VORKINK and ships.Rotterdam was the scene of intense

breaking down prejudice and replacing baseball activity last summer. Through

JOSEPH P. LAMBERT it with friendship. the efforts of Elder John A. Roghaar

affiliations their Recently, through to missionaries arrangements the made Of the Netherlands Mission and the Club with the A. of young with a group play men from M. V. J.

efforts of Elder Orme Jergensen who the A. M. V. J. Athletic Club of Rot-

, j acts as playing manager of the team, terdam who were just learning to play

Netherof the name mention the to American game of afternoons enjoyable Saturday very p iay an exhibitionTo ninetynine out of a hundred two teams f missionaries were invited the American national sport. Some of visions brings probably lands of at the opening basketball spent teaching boys the Dutch a new were

dikes, wooden windmills, stately by the Koninklijke playing finer points of the game, the gymnasium built colored costumes, brightlyshoes, (National Maatschappij broad Luchtvaart true against making some them and acres of tulip fields, and all the other Airways Company) of the Netherand lasting friendships. The Elders

"Dutchisms"that are known the world \ands. Saturday, January 29, was set invariably won the contests, but at the

over. Yes, all these things are still to be as the day for this event, and the Elders end of the season the Rotterdamers

found in the small country where fifty wh attended as well as President and were making a real battle out of every

Mormon missionaries are preaching the Sister Franklin J. Murdock met in Amgame.

Gospel of Jesus Christ, and although sterdam and were transported by a To further the cause of friendship as rapid modernization is pushing Oud K.L.M. bus to the airport at Schiphol, a well as to show their good will and

Holland"or "Old Holland into the small town about three miles from sportsmanship the missionaries entered that were a part the thingsbackground, city largest into competition opwith and where Holtheir Dutch Holland's'never becomeof it will probably is airfield of located, national in Holland's ponents s iargest game exiand tinct and Holland will forever be Tjpon entering the gymnasium, the soccer. The Americans were given a

looked upon as one of the quaintest missionaries were immediately imcouple of thorough drubbings, although and most picturesque lands on earth. pressed with the modernness of the they did learn to respect the prowess

Occupying a space only about onestructure and the exclusiveness of the of the Dutch players as well as learn seventh the size of the state of Utah, opening. Only persons with printed something about the game. Several

it has yielded a fruitful harvest of coninvitations were admitted and repreinteresting film evenings were held and verts in the seventyodd years that the sentatives from select Dutch military, the growth of the M. I. A. classes in

Gospel has been preached there. For civic, social and recreational circles the Rotterdam branch this winter has

though the land is small, the people are were present. been the result of the summer's "extra"

sturdy, industrious, intelligent, and Before the game Elder Frank B. activity.

are Missionaries not losing the the through themaddressed crowd atJexabove all—religiousminded—which

in their selves to English, enthusiasm amplifier, play and both in Dutchtitude gives every Mormon proselyter an approach to their hearts. But even announcing who the missionaries were Sports are being recognized for whatso, her long and glorious struggle for and expressing their appreciation for they are—one of the many means of

liberty and her persistency in maintainthe invitation they had received. A making contacts and winning friends.

ing that liberty despite the ambitions group picture was taken of the players referee, STANDING, LEFT several times during TO RIGHT: the and FROM and longed have nationsof the who many

R. VORKINK, GUTHRIE, ALMA J. DWAINPAUL the press took photographers game her within bred rule have over her,to H. Bl/CHANAN, A. GLENN LYBBERT, E.PARRY

flashlight the shots of players in acNELSON, exAND JERGENSEN. inflexibility ORME KNEELING, which certainpeople a

RIGHT: LEFT TO FROM W. DRAPER, HOWARD the spectators is tion. Apparently were foreign anything itselfpresses when B. A. JEX, FRANK JOSEPH JOHN ROGHAAR,

introduced. thrilled with the game, for the enthusiLAMBERT, GLENN M. BIRD, AND WILLIAMP.

All of the known methods of misKOEW.

sionary work are employed in the

Netherlands, including distributing tracts, illustrated lectures, English classes and choruses. The realm of

sports also offers an opportunity to "Make Friends,"but only during the past year has it been used to advantage.

Basketball in the city of Amsterdam is sponsored by the A. M. V. J. Athletic

Club and it is through their friendliness and cooperation that the missionaries have been participating in that sport.

Late in December an exhibition game was played against the A. M. V. J. five

in their gymnasium in Amsterdam before 350 high school students and faculty members. After their victory the

missionaries were given thunderous applause and they could not help but feel that they had made a step towards i Why do not SMOKE By DOROTHY DYER AKERS

a languid, anaemic look, a coarsened ettes as "coffin nails,"they speak voice, and an appearance of prefar more truth than poetry. For

mature old age. Some one has sugnicotine is a slow poison and a habitgested that the old saying that a forming drug.

woman is as old as she looks might Unfortunately, once a woman well be changed to "A woman is as starts smoking, she is apt to indulge old as she smokes."in the habit even more often than a

Most of us rejoiced at the change man. It is a feminine characteristic

from the boyish styles to the present to go to extremes—especially regretgraceful fashions. Girls wisely want table in this case because cigarettes

to appear feminine again. Cigarette are undeniably more harmful to

smoking is masculine and unfitting. woman than to man.

How grotesque it is when a girl is Though I am still one of the in chiffons or trailing evening dress! younger generation, I have enjoyed

I spent part of my life within sight the fine friendship of a number of of an illiterate, unkempt old Irish sweet old people. And I, too, want

woman. Winter and summer she to grow old gracefully. Querulouswore a small dirty shawl over her ness and irritability come with smokhead and sat crossly on her dooring. Advanced years bring more

step, a frown on her leathery old frequent illnesses, and with most face, and a pipe in her mouth. But sickness the patient is not allowed

Mrs. H and her corncob pipe to smoke. An inveterate smoker, dewere not so incongruous a sight as prived of the weed, is an especially

an attractive, welldressed girl with fretful and unpleasant person to her mouth askew to accommodate have around.

the ubiquitous cigarette. "Decently I was chatting with a

title sounds "I"in the above the Tobacco, however, affects more classmate pretty of mine,—a will forgive personal,Iftoo appearance: me, than you the outward it is girl, to the last always dressed minan unknown college girl, when harmful to the general health as ute of fashion's dictates. Your first

you realize that it is less egotistical well. The average young woman of impression would suggest that a

than to say "Why Girls Should Not today has a glorious heritage of good serious thought never enters her neat

Smoke,"because that would imply health. Cigarettes are petty thieves, little head. But I knew that she does

that I am an authority on the matter. cleverly stealing this heritage little not smoke, and I asked her why. She

And of course I am not. by little. looked up, at once alert and interPlenty of people who have a right I was interested to learn just how ested.

to write such an article have been bad is the reputation of tobacco with "Aside from health reasons,"she before me, and have given you forcethe medical profession. A bit of said, "I think it makes a girl appear

ful, technical reasons why tobacco study brings to light the following so cheap and common. I know I

is especially harmful to women. But dismal facts: Smoking injures the certainly shouldn't want my mother

let me approach the problem informheart. The tobacco heart is an irto smoke. And incidentally if I ever

ally, from the point of view of one ritable heart, frequently intermittent have any daughters I wouldn't want of the younger generation. in action and not to be depended to set a bad example for them. I

I assure you that I am a perfectly upon under calls for severe physical think most girls smoke because they normal girl and I don't smoke. I am exertion. Tobacco causes high want to do what the crowd does.

twentyone, and, like any of Eve's blood pressure; it poisons the nerves, But boys say that few girls do it

daughters, I want to be as attractive hurts the eyes, lessens resistance to well. This summer the boy I dated

as possible. The first requirement, many diseases, notably tuberculosis. most boasted, 'My girl doesn't

of course, is good health. There is It sometimes induces cancer; it stunts smoke!'So I'm proud that I don't

nothing charming about yellowed the growth of the young, and it imsmoke. It's being different not to,

teeth, a sallow complexion, jaded pairs efficiency and athletic power. these days."

nerves, and that famous pariah about Nicotine is only one of an im- I quite agreed with her. A few

which even your best friends won't pressive list of poisons contained in years ago when a woman smoked, it tell you. I want a clear skin, a clean tobacco smoke. And nicotine is so was with something of a pioneer,

smile, and breath untainted by todeadly that we read of a case in adventuresome spirit, however misbacco. which less than one grain of nicotine, directed. Now it is distinctive not

In time nicotine yellows the skin less than two drops, caused a perto smoke. To smoke is to follow the

of the face as it does the fingers, son's death. When the younger line of least resistance. One of the

causing tired lines, sharp features, generation carelessly refer to cigar- (Concluded on page 436)

PLOWMAN DRYLAND FARMING By Harry Elmore Hard By Sylvester Pierce

farmers to the sun, pioneer of Utah's with dry your back (One who Man, is still actively operating 2,000 acre ranch a soil, to the face Your

I honor the sweat of your brow, in central Utah.)

The fruit of your toil.

in the wilderness, the of the plow, horns Hold the valley sod a WayI foundout wide and fair Turn

Work is an act of faith, That needed only water

A prayer to God. To make a garden there;

Rein the furrow straight, Hope is a star—My friends all warned me not to go.

Plow to the end of the field, They said it was a fake,

Lift the bar. And only one in that wild land

Swing... stretch... strain... Would dare those chances take.

Beware of rocks Think of the ripened corn There were no streams or rivers,

In golden shocks. So this is what I said,

Plant your kernels of faith—"I'll store the moisture in the soil

Sloth is a weed And that will do instead."

Rain shall bless your work, Swell the seed. I made the soil so nice and fine,

Prepared a real seed bed, THE FIRST PLANTING Photograph by Harrison R. Merrill. AndMywhenplantsthewentsummer'sright ahead,heat came on

By Belle Watson Anderson THE TEMPLES OF ZION CANYON For they were spaced in rows and hills

Spring softly treads the dreary sombre By Carlton Culmsee To give them room to dwell plain Although unusual drought prevailed, trees, in of the the beauty glowAnd paints carved the gold and crimson These dry land crops did well.

in the the breeze, of WHOtemplesReveals rhythm charm

And calls to drowsy roots with tapping rain. From the strong hills? When I see these fertile fields

of Titans host mightymuscled desert land, once was Where A the time, seeding vernal before sunAt wills? stubborn to used system change, With The make this

tree, crescent bramble buds onAwakened altars, glowing, the holy? reared think I surely it grand. Who

clear planter the land had and madeThe his rod? prophet with A

free toiling the only Virgin slowly No,

Of hardy resisting brush. He had come For the glory of God. WHEN I LOOK

Across the roadless hills to level field By Sylvia Probst priceless grain; golden and plow sow theTo REGRETS are lovely things so many the plain to THERE fallowed fences protectNo Woolsey By Maryhale I've today: enjoyed cattle yield. all tender grazing onFrom

sunshine riding Morning they're quite passe,"ft Lace curtains?-—oh,

He built a hut with oakbrush, and with pine The decorator made decree; In soft clouds of gray;

Made a home like the ground squirrel's nest, "Let's use, instead, fine draperies Autumn's echo in the hills;

Dug ditches and canals in water quest That leave the windows clear and free."Wind that brushed my face;

And stayed day and night at the frontier Spiders in the naked trees, shrine. I love this modern shiningness; Spinning dainty lace;

last little fragrant flower One still, it grieved today But when me faith feats areMarvelous by wrought sheltered In a nook. little to call breezes came and Some

work; find lovely things such I can to place them I'd no And

the of the heart fashioned plowsturdy.God I look! for play! When

man made him equal to each need and plan. ENDURANCEAnd

Six driving months he did not quit or shirk. By Merling Dennis Clyde INDIAN PAINT BRUSH

Lydia Hall By sheets; in silvered Junegrass waves billowing grain, last the he sawAt The

sails lazily; hawk A winter's of radiant bread; promiseThe the where West purple sage the

its road ribboned unwinds IN way his the farmerIn humbleness bared head The Lifts lovely, scented plumes lead endlessly. on To plain. the miracle the blessed ofFor Is shining, the scarlettipped where

Dust clouds circle across the plains; Indian paintbrush blooms.

scorching by; wind moans A HEBER TO PRESIDENT J. GRANT every year fling when Springtime comes bluegreen Mirages lakes And up Lund By C. N. this fair desert land, To the taunt eye. seeking To

Worthy son of Pioneers, The desert waste must first be crossed OldBrightmotherpicturesnatureinpaintsthe sand.with them

Spanning all the marching years, To find the cooling streams;

Bridging all the builded dream The barren spots must be traversed spirits whose menOf prophet the land of dreams. seem To reach REPOSE

talk with walk and youTo Nephi Jensen By view. the that wondersAmid we BLOSSOMS ORANGE

bird, rose, of blush of SONG Japanese Cinquain) (A wilderness, andThrough want glint of soothing star And of storm days andThrough Elizabeth Whitmer Locke strife, By repose; Beauty's Give me

wealth fame and andTo peace I all far. near and own

You've brought your honored name. BRIDAL

You've nobly walked the height Orange blossoms Serene Truth's regal reign

With manliness and might, Symbolize fruitfulness My heart with faith empowers;

And conquered with the plan Set as a crown on womanly Peace holds my soul's domain;

That God evolved for man. Beauty. I own Life's rarest dowers.

weLUn PRESIDENT CLARK ATTENDS INTERNATIONAL PARLEYS Dresident J. Reuben Clark, Jr., left

Salt Lake City Friday, June 3, en route to Europe to attend two important international gatherings as

American representative. The first,

June 20 at Geneva, are the meetings of the League of Nations Committee on

International Loan Contracts. The

second, at Paris, June 27 and 28, is the

Conference of European Bondholders, at which he represents the Foreign

Bondholders Protective Association

Inc., is of which he chairman of now MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR FIELD THE SALT FROM THE LAKE MISSIONARY HOME the executive committee. Following ARRIVED 23, MAY 9, JUNE 1938 193S—DEPARTED

this conference, President will Clark right, Left to First B. Merrill Robinson, Row: Harold Clotele Mrs. Wood, Olson, W. Waddoups, Thelma

visit sail London Marcella Call, and Andersen, from Louise Pugsley, Evelyn SouthhampKlea Branch, Price, Margaret Crosby J. A. Glenn, Sessions Wyley

(Director). for the ton United States on July 7. Second Row: B. Mitchell, Edgar B. Mitchell, La Summers, Elsie McCook, May Ogden, Sadie Swan, Grace President Clark to Eyre, Dorothy was Crochett, Harriet appointed D. Lees. Jay PrileWynn

Dee Row: Sanders, Elda Hepworth, Hansen, Erma V. Payne, Seeley, Snow, Lizetta Alice Emma the Bondholders Council as a

Larsen, Christensen, Cal. Lydia director Va NettaThird Cornia. H.

in 1934 and served as acting president Orville Fourth Row: E. Floyd Lillis W. Allen, Hays, Dennis Call, L. Prows, Elaine Ence, Ruth Adamson,

Zelda Christian Wheeler, Andierson, H. Oldroyd, Reed Earl Williams. for a few months before presbecoming

Fifth Rulon R. Henderickson, Row: Larkin Glade, Clyde W. Gardiner, Genevieve Morgan, Ruth Fors, ident of the council. Recently reRichard he Perry, Ray, Ida H. Montie Clawson. Spencer Snow,

Sixth Row: A. Gowen, Sabin, Harold Sherman Eldon Durrant, J. West, E. Augusta Brough, Ruby JoJw signed active direction of the Council

Huntsman, Merlin Victor Royal Wolters. because to unable he was the Gillespie, devote Seventh William Zollinger, Capner, Row: Leon Vincent Carlton Wayne Christensen, Chester Claude Cope,

Hanchett, Don Williamson, Sanders, Milton Bousfield, H. William Christensen, Mac Heber Eldon D. Hymas. increasing time required for these

Flake, Dudley, Robert L. Cox, Eighth Row: W. Wayne C. Sorenson, Owen Lee Allen, Vernon Harold duties. tribute to his service, As a Glover, Lester and John Herbert Cummings, Harold Tracy.

desiring to keep him in close association with the Council, the directors created the position of Chairman of thorities of the Church in attendance. in Constitution Hall, Washington,

the Executive Committee and elected President Grant explained in his re- D. C. Following a handcart up the

him to that post. marks that he is the last of the General main aisle, over a hundred descendants

Authorities who participated in the of the original pioneers, in costume,

BRAZILIAN MISSION dedicatory services fifty years ago. He sang "Come, Come, Ye Saints"as the

PRESIDENTS CHANGED bore his testimony to the truthfulness concluding feature. This is the first

all of occasion of urged the Church Latterday participation and at Mormon Alden Bowers of Ogden, Utah,John Saints this to spirit festival. catch the true the of Reel, Virginia a The has been appointed president of the

is pioneer Gospel industry dance, labor. which performed three and was by Brazilian Mission to succeed S. Rulon

sets stage. Others the on the addressed attention audience of Headlined who

5,000 were Robert D. Young, presiwas given to this participation by newsdent of the Manti Temple; Elder papers in the nation's capital.

George F. Richards, acting patriarch In marked contrast was the reception

of the Church and Church supervisor given the Prophet Joseph Smith, when of temples; President Joseph Quinney, in 1839 he came to Washington with

Jr., of the Logan Temple; Louis R. AnJudge Elias Higbee seeking redress and

derson, former stake president and government intervention in behalf of the chairman of the General Jubilee ComMissouri refugees of the Church. "Your

mittee; and George F. Richards, Jr., cause is just, but I can do nothing for

of the Salt Lake Temple presidency. you"was the final verdict of President

Each evening a pageant, "The Hearts Van Buren.

of the Children,"was presented with a "Nevertheless,"said Joseph Smith, in heartbroken departure, "some day cast of 200 under the direction of the the in will be Mormon people held RULON S. HOWELLS JOHN A. BOWERS author Smith, to M. who wished W.

Howells, who has served as president commemorate the golden jubilee of the renown in the nation's capital."

for the past three years. Elder Bowers completion and dedication of the Manti Washington members of the Daughhas long been active in the Church, as Temple, and also to present the views ters of the Utah Pioneers, Zina Willey,

a Seventy in both Carbon and Ogden and doctrines of the Church concerning president, and the Utah State Society,

Stakes, and as a member of the Carbon Temple ordinances. headed by Frank E. Moss, took part in

Stake M. I. A. stake board. He filled the folk festival. W. H. Willey re-

a mission to Germany from 19261929. MORMON GROUP FEATURED hearsed the dancers and "called"the

IN FIFTH NATIONAL FOLK steps, while D. Sterling Wheelright,

MANTI TEMPLE JUBILEE FESTIVAL, WASHINGTON, D. C. director of music at the L. D. S. WashTPhe golden anniversary of the dedi- A udiences which totaled 6,000 listeningtonmarching.Chapel,Childrencoachedasthewellsingingas theirand

cation of the Manti Temple was ers cheered the Mormon Pioneer parents took part in the costumed procelebrated from June 14 to June 19, representation which climaxed the recession.

1938, with many of the General Aucent Fifth National Folk Festival, held {Continued on page 4281 fcdiiouaL The awakening and training of parents for their duties are among the foremost needs of the day.

JHsl Jjiaimnq 0$. QJjoidk.—/. A. W.

Tn one of the meetings of the recent, successful

M. I. A.—Primary Conference, President Heber

J. Grant urged upon parents to train their children "\T7ith more than twoscore years of enriching exin the principles and practices of the Gospel as ofperience and tradition behind it, the Fortyfered by the Church. It was the most comprehenthird Annual Conference of the Young Men's and

sive and important message of the Conference. Young Women's Mutual Improvement AssociaThe training of children determines the behavior tions reached new "highs"in many respects, and

of men and women. That is taught by human exadded its own distinctive contributions to the hisperience. The proverbmaker has declared: "Train tory of the whole.

up a child in the way he should go: and when he is The three days from Friday, June 10, to Sunday,

old, he will not depart from it."And more simply: June 12, inclusive, followed by a day devoted to

"As the boy is, so the man is."The future of the summer Recreation and the Cavalcade of Scouting,

race rests upon the training of youth. offered such quantity and variety of instruction and

inspiration as to make one earnestly wish not that

Character, the most inclusive and important atthe feast might be more bounteous, but that the tribute of man, is woven of religious beliefs and powers of human consumption might be equal to it.

practices, which, in our land, may not be taught in The Conference included more than a hundred the public schools, now attended by nearly all of general and departmental sessions and major our children. The Church, through Sunday and events, with several times that many speakers,

weekly auxiliary meetings, through high school topics, and individual program numbers. More

seminaries and college institutes, does something to than six thousand people actively participated in overcome this condition. Nevertheless, it must be the various functions, and registered and nonadmitted that the home, with its daily contact with registered observers totalled in excess of twelve

children, is the most powerful agency for the thousand.

awakening and training of the spiritual nature of We yield to the temptation to select for special the family. As parents teach, the children are likely mention a few of the events, although the high

to become. merit of the entire procedure would perhaps make

specific isolate items; but the to wiser not any

It duty, explained of as conception by it is a false Festival including the demonstrations, mass Dance to parents impells say that President Grant, some Festival the Saturday, Friday, the on on Music in favor their children prejudice not that they must the of Scouting Convocation on Sunday, and religion, unhindered them, by allow but of any highof Scouting such were Cavalcade on Monday, atof their choice church training, to early make citation. lights as to demand

to they mamembership come tendance when and significant, technique than however, any More is parents this who, turity. proposed by Usually, overriding, underlying, the event or program was

in the inactive Church. themselves, have become the allpermeating of Conference: and

if will taught, not in child, age, be by our Every cultural "Building acLatter-day themeSaints—through else, something perhaps by or parents, someone by tivities, teaching, religious better through through

the rabble on the streets, and often in opposition devotion."

wellma- if parents religion. have to Moreover,

is occurred due commendation For all that is their belief, it duty convictions as to any tured President Superintendent George Lucy Q. Morris,

to pass them on to their children. To do otherwise G. Cannon, and all their associates and board

would be cowardly, and a retreat from parental members and field workers throughout the Church.

responsibility. Truth must be carried to others, The same commendation must be extended also to

flesh especially to those and blood, of our own of the else President Primary AssoAnderson May is reachmaturity Besides, ceases. progress when all for her workers, the companion ciation, and

ed, the teachings of parents may and will be conference that was held simultaneously by the weighed by the ripened judgment. There need be leaders of the Primary children.

no fear on that score. Such experiences and traditions of cumulative

Parents who love their children should teach enrichment to the Church and its people deserve them, freely and fearlessly, faith in God and Jesus eulogy and continuance. R. L. E.

the Christ, the restoration of the Gospel through the instrumentality of Joseph Smith, the doctrines of the Church, and the necessity of feeding the spiritual part of man by participation in Church and. Jobacco

work. Children should be urged to take part in the

several organizations of the Church. Children, 'T'he reading of the statement reprinted below was

so taught and trained, grow towards clean, wholethe signal for a rising vote of more than four some, useful lives, and cause the hearts of genuine thousand people in support of the Churchwide parents to beat with warm joy. In this chaotic campaign against the sale, use and advertising of

age, to direct youth into truthful, spiritual living tobacco and alcoholic beverages. The occasion

is the highest service that parents can render a was the opening meeting of the M. I. A. Conferchild. To accomplish this task, association with ence, in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, Friday,

the Church is indispensable. June 10, 1938, with President Grant and many of

the general officers of the Church in attendance: Mothers in the home can teach the value of

loving consideration in settling vexatious little probThankful to the Lord for His kindness in revealing the

Word of Wisdom to the Prophet Joseph Smith for the benefit lems which arise even in the best of homes. Thus

of this people, they can pave the way for a peaceful consideration

Grateful to the generation that is past and to older members of neighborhood problems, community, and intertradition of sobriety for the splendidof the Church they have national questions when these same young people note,created, the world is of which now taking

Appreciative of the tireless efforts of President Grant and mature.

his associates, the General Authorities, in teaching us to obey One of the first things which should be emphathe Priestcall present of their of on and the Lordthis word sized is respect for authority. This does not imply

nonuse auxiliaries bring to us the about amonghood and of blind obedience, rather thoughtful but deference tobacco,alcohol and

We, the officers and members of the Mutual Improvement to those whose experience has placed them in poAssociations of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday sitions of trust. Chief among Latterday Saint

assembled, consider it a privilege inSaints, conference annual for respect should homes the Priesthood, come to declare our intentions our feelings andand a duty in this first in laying thus for the the home, foundation matter.serious

We believe that the alluring advertisements of tobacco, respect in the ward, stake, and the Church in many cases amounting to moral if not legal misrepresenthroughout life.

this oftation, manufacturers damaging narcotic which the by is its sale, against Respect for the Priesthood would seal mothers'so a conspiracy extended widelyhave our most precious possession, youth. lips against any criticism of leaders in the Church.

We believe that the alarming increase since the repeal of Mothers would consider carefully and would come beverages, alcoholic with the of inprohibition consumption to that understand they could not possibly have insanity evils disease, andtheir poverty, crime of ancient and of the conditions knowledge cerwhich prompted traffic, is in frightful effect dailytheir also due present on very large measure to the same potent influence, advertising. tain speeches and actions from the presiding offiWe believe it is not fair for the sake of gain, to play upon cers. Mothers would be quick to reprimand the

enticerepeated of susceptibilities constantlythe youth by children retail pick might up gossip who and live girls will feel that to theyments, nor boys and make learn it. Children rather example than by by things. fuller hurtful these lives use if theyhappier and

Guided by the above statements and consistent with the preachment. Mothers in the home by their neglitradition of the Mutual Improvement Associations, we declare gence and carelessness often undo all that they

that in earnest support of the program of the Church we would teach when they do not themselves follow ourselves:pledge

That we will gladly teach the Word of Wisdom as a diwhat they teach.

vinely revealed law of health: Since mothers'responsibility is greater, their

cheerfully will act committees or stake on ward That we called, their direction in carrying joy of welldone service is also greater. The womas under be or work we may

information to homes and in making friendly contact with an's sphere is therefore perhaps the greatest of all individuals; activities, for if the mothers of men set the standstrive alcoholic the will to diminish of that use we And ards while the are still youth malleable, the world

lies all that in our tobaccobeverages and power by doing to will attain to those heights forewhich have been false advertising these of persuasive poisonous the andcurb and habitforming drugs, the baleful and alluring publicity told by all the prophets of ancient and modern that is now deluging the country. times. Let women no longer shrug aside their

responsibility repeating catch phrases; by rather

is rising the It that to of the vote hoped be accept the fact that let them as mothers of men I. a forerunner of only be A. symbol and mayM. they should the world. can and mold effective rising indignation of nationwide votea

against these evils which rob us of health, wealth, Fired with purpose, trained in wisdom, filled virtue, and manhood, the promoters of which flaunt with love, mothers can do more than all other lying deception in our faces with apparent imleaders in implanting in the hearts of their chilpunity, trading for profit the integrity—R.of ourL. E.youth. achievement.dren the ideals Likeand themanyhopesotherandgreatdreamsof theof futureearth,

they will pass unknown into their graves—their

(L CrfjomcuilL Sph&hsL lives like shadowy lines moving dimly across the horizon of time. Unhonored, they will be forgotrpODAY there is much of both beauty and ugliness ten within a few short years; yet the effect of their

in the world; much of joy and much of sorrow; lives will be greater than the greatest, for they will

much of love and of hate. When talking of uglihave leavened a whole loaf. Unremembered, the

ness, sorrow, and hate, many women have been everwidening circle of their influence will result in content to say glibly: "Well, it's a man's world; untold good. And they always need to keep in their

what can you expect?"The sooner women face hearts the prayer of the ancient psalmist: "Create

the facts and accept the responsibility which is in me a clean heart, O God; and renew a right

theirs for some of the bad conditions which exist spirit within me."With this prayer constantly

today, especially when they fully expect to receive beating in the hearts and uppermost in the minds, praise for the good, they will succeed better in the mothers can easily create the right spirit in the correction of the bad. hearts of the children who have been intrusted to

"The hand that rocks the cradle is the hand them by a gracious Creator. They will have made

that rules the world,"is more than an adage that part of their equipment the true humility which has fallen into disuse. Mothers do have the priviwill permit the Lord to work with them and lend

lege of shaping men in the way they should go. them His inspiration when they are most particuThose things in the world which are harmful can larly in need of it. Their reward will come when

be traced somewhat to the negligence of mothers they see the results of their training bearing good who did not fully realize their opportunities when fruits in the fellowship which will come to prevail the youngsters were under their care. throughout the world.—M. C. /.

JtoMe The Utah State Agricultural written into the book in wholly underCollege, A History of Fifty Years PRIZE AWARDED standable language. You can begin

( Joel Edward Ricks, Deseret News reading this book on any page and muchprized Mifflin Houghton, though Press. for line 184 continue pages.) only a you or THE

fellowship of award $1,000, two, will inread have something you to given annually writers, aid new volwell-prepared, informative TThis teresting. is subject matter worthThe this year was Miss won by Maurine of as part has been published ume it throughout deals because with St. of for while Whipple George, Utah, celebration semicentennial of the the the world's greatest the music and men her novel, Giant Joshua, which The

College. Agricultural State Utah will created completed three cover Spencer Cornwall, when genwho it.—/. It is really the story of how the inlife erations in the Dixie of Mormon Director Tabernacle Choir and of the

stitution amidst the changing years has Mission, a heroic venture symbolic Chairman of Literature in the General steadfastly clung to the ideal of the of the entire Mormon experience. Music Committee and Chairman of the

founders of the College; namely, that Music Committee of the General Board

the intellectual gains of the world must of the Y, M. M. I. A.

pursuits to dignify the be used common ful, scholarly written book, of long out Problems of and Values Today is, that of pursuits of the the man, comexperience the involved, with problems Series Student's Guidebooks of A this In farming endeavor, man. mon will interest, of be Churchwide and the Study For Contemporary Life of safest the foundation the home, and especially so discussions the because Little, Hilton, D., (Eugene Ed. civilization, of been blocks our have rise sectarian differences above apand Brown Company. Volumes. & Two centers college the the around which in the proach problems a generous and

has built its manifold activities. The understanding manner. Full attention These volumes won the Atlantic

Utah State Agricultural College duris given to Latterday Saint ideals and Textbook Prize. That is not suring a halfcentury of life has been true practices for effective family develprising, for they are the foremost conto its trust. opment. The title does not really tribution in recent days to the education

The book is a fascinating glimpse of do justice to the work, for somewhere of young people in the problems of atory—amost importantvital partchapterof theofintellectualUtah hiseveryor otherproblemon itsof pagescourtship,practicallymarourunderstanding"contemporaryof ourlife."changingThe dayscorrectis

story of the State. riage, and parenthood is discussed. the nation's, perhaps the world's, greatin the chapters are twelve There Nevertheless, is true Dr. Wieman

Federal: Background, book Land The to manentest need,peacefor theandestablishmentprosperity. Toof perthis her thesis in pointing central out as her

Grant Act, Utah Establishes an Agrithought the responsibility of the Church problem these volumes address themcultural College and Experiment Stain furthering all family interests. selves fearlessly and intelligently. There

is no attempt to take sides, but a definite tion, President Jeremiah W. Sanborn All informed people will agree with

is made to lead the students to An Appreciation by Professor John T. Dr. Wieman's constant plea for edueffort

the conditions, Progress comprehend Early Years, causes, and Caine, The life. and cation for family She says, (p. 34)

Conflict, Reconciliation corrections in Growth, involved and our will fifty parents to possible spend "Many from civilized life.War and Peace, Expansion, Under the five thousand dollars on the wedding

Block A., Student Body Activities, and fete, but not one penny on appropriate A simple but effective method is emBibliography. In into are divided an Appendix The volumes are education for marriage."eduployed. Only by

listed all trustees, faculty dealing twenty units, members, and with twenty shall cation, through State, Church and officers student of body to be able succor married the college durwe history ing the school. of the and famthemeslife. Eachof majortheme concernis fully inoutlined,Americanthe ily life its distress. present from

Dr. Ricks, Professor of History and The four parts of the book, each associated problems concisely stated,

Chairman of the semicentennial celecrowded with valuable facts and conand a series of exercises set up to secure bration, has produced a painstakingly clusions, are: The Family in the Life thinking on the part of the student. A

accurate volume, in which with deft of Today; The Church and Its Relation vast amount of information is made

issues that available avoids he discussions;judgment in the the are dead and to the Family; at Church The Work

to the spirit progressive exercises might studiedand clings and with profit be the with into Family; the and Facing

achievements of the college. The Future. by all Americans. Numerous effective

epochs of college history are made to This book, upto-date, fearless yet illustrations, drawn by Ruth Taylor, parallel the administrations of the sevwise in its treatment, is one of the few and reproductions of photographs actext.eral presidents, college the personaland that be to company may heartily recommended

ities every appear and theme page titles indicate wide The unit move on interested are in the most imall whoa device which holds and increases inportant problems of family life. and important fields: We and Our

terest. at In the space his command,

excellentthe has author piece—/. an done A. W. World,Government,Our SourcesSuffrage,of Information,Democratic

of work. Stories Behind the World's Government, Health and Safety,

The author and the college are to be Great Music Wealth, Money, Spiritual Values, Relation of tocongratulated the States of the United production upon Other Spaeth, Sigmund McGrawHill, this Nations, attractive Personality Adjusting volume, to should Rewhich be York. 371 pages. $2.50.) New( ality,in library lover the Education, of every OrganizaEconomic of Utah

these days when have we should Activities, tion and The Common A. W. Tnhistory.—/. the slogan read, for every- "Music Outlook, Man's Family, and Home

The Modern Family and one and everyone for music,"such a Plans and Planning, "Sore Spots,"Sethe Church book as Sigmund Spaeth's Stories becurity, People Needing Special Care, hind the Greatest World's Music the Forward. is a Looking However, mere Regina Westcott Harper Wieman,

to addition wholesome layman's any titles are representations poor the of Brothers, 1937. 407 pages.)&(

list I library or of "Books Read."Have of thought material wealth and under

'The home with its manifold relationThe exhilarating semihumorous each.

ships has always been a concern style of the author together with the The volumes were prepared for use of the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattermany authentic bits of history and apin the first two years of high schools, day Saints. Therefore, this thoughtpraisals of men and their music are (Concluded on page 420)

diamine GLOBE "A1"BISCUIT FLOUR

SUMMER READING r azy here days—reading days—are

*"* again, the should take and all of us time and improve the mind—even if we

are too lazy to do much about bracing the body. Books for old and young

will be found on library shelves, where there are libraries—and where there

are no libraries, groups of people can do much themselves to satisfy this urge to keep abreast of the modern books and magazines. One group has adopted jtfWtf.-.

a workable plan by using an exchange system. Since the individual members

could not afford all magazines and books, each family subscribed for one magazine, read it, listed it, and passed it to another, keeping a record of the person to whom it was lent. This family then borrowed someone else's magitazine, those to originally passed who r SU*OAY

itpurchased finished, when it was who CAy/C/CFM itin lent turn to else. this In someone

allway, benefit received the group the latestof the less magazines ex- 'Reel,***<"UKipL'NGsK*o, with pense than any one of them could affordindividually. (Concluded on page 420) Handiest thing

on yourkitchen shelf.M"CRUSTNiEAT PIE

(Recipe,n box) Summer is such a tearing good ONCE you find out how many good time for the children that you had things besides biscuits you can make better look to the ease of keeping TUt>AY them in clothes which will launder quickly and easily with Globe "Al""A1 easily, bear the brunt of rough play, Biscuit Flour... hardly a day will

All looking. them neat keep and pass but what you'll reach for that

of requisites these can by be met putting them in Levi Strauss overyellow package with the blue chevron!

alls. Be sure to ask for Levi's. Fluffy flaky dumplings, meat pie WEDNESDAY fruit crusts, apple dumplings, cobRaspberries Good! Ummm! are blers, shortstraws, bread, cheese nut

into the won't coming market—and cakes, coffee cakes lots of and this in taste recipe? they good Even other HAM ROLL

if seeing isn't believing, tasting is: good things almost "make themso here goes: selves"when you use Globe "Al"

RASPBERRY BRAN GEMS Biscuit Flour, because the important ingredients are already measured and 1 c. flour Globe "Al"

1 c. "Al"whole wheat flour mixed for you... so carefully measGlobe

ured, 1 c. mixed, that success so expertly table bran "Al"Globe n box)

tsp. 2 baking powder is before assured you start. Buy a

t. 1/2 soda

1 t. salt package of Globe "Al"Biscuit Flour FRIDAY

tbsp. 4 sugar today, the thrifty shortcut to "Al"

1 egg tbsp. 2 Globe "Al"oil meals! PUFF

c. raspberry jam y%

(Recipe on box) c. buttermilk IV2

Sift white flour, measure, add other dry ingredients and mix well.

Add slightly beaten egg blended with oil, then add jam and milk; stir well. Bake in oiled muffin tin *f in a hot oven (400 degrees) about **

20 to 25 minutes.

When raspberry time is over, you might try other jams—and you'll

like them, well, if not quite so well, at least better than the average!

And, of course, for that buttermilk—andto use into thosedrink raspberrythis hot weatherbran gemsyou

must try Midwest Dairy Company for the very best that money can buy. \mSm!mm 419

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

deep affection from its readers, who thusiasm and his knowledge can well will in the lives of all function age range from the made to of Jody through be{BodL (Rode children. C. /. C. /. M. adulthood.—M. {Concluded from page 418)

satisfactory equally Laughing Odysseybut be would Guide Laboratory Sewing in the A ( Eileen Bigland, the volumes, Macmillan Company, years. Indeed,upper two Billings, Brigham Young Uni- (May

compared with many college texts, versity Press, Provo, Utah, 114 pages, San Francisco, 1938. 307 pages.

could be used profitably by competent $1.50.) $2.50.)

teachers in college classes. Moreover,

in to search happiof Russia clothing instructor at Billings, contents, objectives, and admirablethe Aay*"* ness contradictory, but sound may foiNG has University, most these Brigham Young books shouldmethods make is sent Eileen Bigland her what on in that for this primarily guide, use written for of study multitude theacceptable is "Fantastic even what it is Journey"-—and really classes. her However, land. the ownclubs throughout

fantastic, found she happimore much sincerely any that a book which to who woman glad readers will be know Era ness. Hilariously at times, the amusing of to learn the fundamentals wishes the of is president Oakland HiltonDr.

stimulating can to book become constantly. use could sewing The ofStake A. Zion.—/. W. this In thought. in as book Anne replace to not does presume Guide

commercial patterns. It is designed to Lindbergh's North to the Orient, the

dtewdnq* intelligently,help the untrainedat the samepersontimeusebuildingthem pleemphasisthemselves.was laidM.onC.theJ. Russian peo-

(Concluded from page 419) a definite way of mastering the technidifficulties cal sewing. of Dictionary Macmillan's Modern one books, handling In member fitting, Cutting, the and common the edited under (Compiled and

five cents chargedbought and a book all construction of problems garment supervision of Overton, Bruce it until thefor read everyone who in procestep step are analyzed a by pages. 1466 Macmillan Company.

original price was repaid. Everything dure which is clearly illustrated in a $3.50.)

over and above the cost was then put simple manner which will appeal to the into the treasury against the purchase home sewer as well as the trained 'T'his readable dictionary should find of another book. In this way, the group teacher. Of particular interest is the a ready market. The typesize is

has built quite an upto-date, worthmethod for making evening skirts withan improvement over the smaller type while library. Of course, if you have out turning them up on the person; the dictionaries now generally published;

the money, you will buy many of these setting in of sleeves which is accomthe thumbindex is all visible from the books for your personal book shelves. plished with absolute success if followtime when the dictionary is opened; all

—in"Wherethe there'smatter ofa will,gettingthere'sgooda booksway"ed Thecarefully.Guide is made looseleaf style to material,ical, is placedbiographicalin one section,and topographconserving

to read. permit the admission of new material. time and energy in looking for material.

—M.B. Bruce Overton is an accepted name

The Golden Sleeve in the field of letters and lends au- (Agnes Danforth Hewes, Doubleday, Introducing the Constellations thoritativeness to the stupendous unDoran & Co., 1937, 280 pages, (Robert H. Baker, Viking Press, dertaking of compilation of a new dic-

$2.00.) New York City, 205 pages. tionary. M. C, J.

children of Builder this Junior Boat group to whom aplenty A adventureA dventure is always appealing to 1938. $2.50.) boys—and they ** Gilmore, (H. H. Macmillan given, immediately donstory of find in thiswill the Golden book was

West. The story deals with the exned their coats on a bitter night, turned Company, San Francisco, 1938.

periences of Bart Sterling, who aron the outside light so that they might 87 pages. $1.25.)

the in to the find sumread, spend to therived proceeded and West thrill idea doesn't conTT[7"hat to the boy uncle, only vacation to stellations with told an about so fascinatinglymer his vv of using things hands to make disappeared. His the has unclefind that in alone incident book. the That

his to leisure? enliven of hours When told. excitingly areexperiences the usefulness of the should prove book

in the finds the Junior he Builder Boat the author, the it Hewes, Mrs. knows interest in the the arouses which and

in readily information needed under- a in addition, and, describes shecountry astronomers. of minds wouldbe

standable asmanner, can be mother tell tale. stirring to a Howknows how plentiful, illustrations helpare The his profitably sured that will time be is the this quite to notever, up book ful, attractive. will adults and Most

inIn addition clear to occupied. the she set wrote shestandard when The their find the reading. worth Mr. book structions, plates seventeen adequately will boys which Musket,Codfish is in at Professor Baker Astronomy illustrate cutting the assembling and reading. /.enjoy C. all—M. Illinois his of University the enand plans. will for a be boon book The

The Yearling the summer months when time might (Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings, Charles otherwise hang heavily or mischievScribner's Sons, New York, 1938. ously on children's hands.—M. C. /.

428 pages. $2.00.)

Lisa Vale inland of Florida scene southernHPhe (Alice Higgins Prouty, Houghton the spell of under to life Mrs. * comes Mifflin Co., Boston, 1938.

Rawling's glorious story of twelve404 pages.) $2.50.

yearold Jody, his mother and father, and friends. Rich in beauty of backHThe mother of a modern American

ground and setting, the book is even family can appreciate somewhat the richer in the creation of unforgettable experiences of Lisa Vale, the mother in characters. this book. Her problems are an outIn the love for nature stimulated growth of the current acceptance of

through the book, in the industry of the liquor without education in the harmful people who walk through its pages, in results from its indulgence. The moththe wholesome reaction manifested to er's insistence on preserving the family

life throughout its pages, this book depattern is welcome relief from the serves wide recognition and will win A SPIRAL NEBULA IN THE BIG DIPPER tendency to easy disruption. M. C. /.

SelfImprovement in Reading Pitkin, Newton, Langham, McGrawSocji&a with,

Inc.,Hill Company, Book New York, // cents.)1937. 122 pages. 56

for will be remembered"Pitkin his "VISUAL AID* capable book, Rapid The Art of authors HisSilent companion Reading. JthjL QotifohmjOL 7JtlAALO/L his MLfor this exercise were also book

in thecollaborators Learning book, By J. SHELBY ARRIGONA reviewed to Learn, which wasHow Mission in Formerly of the California for September, EraThe Improvement

1936, page 562. With the increase in "Delieving with Tennyson that "things soe and Dr. F. S. Harris, Jr., and

all to shall naturallybooks, have we his copies also of desk on things mightier had than are seen Why in better. exercises tolearn read The to I the Believe the Caliof the missionaries heard,"Book Mormon of

all readthis help to are designed book visual aids to the are using and fornia be God, Mission Mormon of Word well in reading asers speed the check lecture Simple. Plain Doctrine to the of and introduce Book Mormon A is read. of theas what comprehension in store its the auditorium, scheduled not acquainted with are was those who divisions: three consists of bookThe to introduced assemwere reception an been has teachings. and so we Our questions reading, the for selectionsthe mispersons four as blage of results hundred gratifying, cordial so our and

the to selections, the the keys andon of Christ it of sionaries the relate to Jesus that while Church seems worth some correct answers. Saints, of assured Latterday and were of experiences. our

is cost. the well worth book The the return of to give our welcome and the Elders year 1937 During Wallace

to of us tends the best becomeEven again. program AllSterling King, C. Anderson, Dee practice. in unlesscareless keep we in success our booking Another came red, preArrigona, Shelby and J. his exerceases never musicianThe for the of Lecture the program slide lecture, illustrated presented Room an

allcises. read, of us Since must we Library. Angeles Public Los Hundreds the Publicity pared Radio Church by practice to our becease nevershould

letters written to of school and were Literature Committee, beMission and readers. better C.come M. J. incity directors the club throughout fore persons. 50,000 than more The

to at that lecture review our them in viting ruins are being unearthed which Tribes of Four theTal time. in people Five hundred were Central, Mexico, America, South and Best, Doubleday, (Herbert Doran in attendance, interest and for furnished subject material the Inc., City, Co., Gardenand the subject. to privileged presentation New haveprogram. has been The Weevidencedwere pages. $2.00.) 1938. 295York, questions the it answer concerning many has given been applauded wherever

Cince the time when Livingstone first and requests for it were at times too Book of Mormon and also to book dates lecture for the to be premany to during the numerous accommodate wilderthe African into penetrated sented civic in various organizations. in time allotted a some localities. As mysand adventure to the present,ness

tery have been associated with the result of this particular emphasis a We desired in particular that the name "Africa". Into this book of fictotal of 13,387 Books of Mormon were high school and college students of

tion for boys, Mr. Best has cleverly distributed in the California Mission Los Angeles County should hear our

woven a story which will appeal for its during 1937. message. We called on the chairman

of the assembly committee programs objective paramount has been Our positive will leave which anddrama city of the our schools and explained the lecture present before members of to requiredideas as to be what must purpose. After questioning, he of service clubs, colleges, much high schools,

finally allowed to present us the prothose who would be leaders.—M. C. J. hospitals, stores, hotels. department and

before gram of these with the heads In meeting of Singing Creek NuggetsThe schools. of two organizations, found various them we the studentsWe remainedand teachersat each Doubleday, (Grace S. Dawson,

entire inschool day, lecturing to an us, willing to cooperate with and Inc., City, eager Garden and Co.,Doran

classes. history dividual that During lectures the of scheduling the making 1938. pages. York, 304New time students. before appeared 1,600 is eviinterest we task. a pleasant Their $2.00.) denced by the following experience: We then requested the principals of the

T17hat lad wouldn't be delighted at One of our first contacts was with the schools to report their rating of the * the prospect of sailing from BosVenerable Master of the Scottish Rite program to the committee chairman, ton via Cape Horn? And that wasn't Order of Masonry. Though he is a and within a few days we returned to

all the adventure either, for when the prominent lawyer and banker, he was his office. He gave us a letter of inhero arrived in California, he was right happy to discuss Mormonism with us. troduction to the administrators of all

in the midst of the gold rush and had to He had a good understanding of our schools under his jurisdiction, and in fight for his rights along with his father religious teachings and praised our orthe letter gave our program a superior against claim jumpers and various ruthganization highly. A recent trip through rating.

less men. How he met the situations Utah, and his understanding of our With this as an opening we visited

forms the basis for a good yarn. tenets, opened up the way for an high school principals, and college presidents, within and twenty days 13,000 Scottish Rite of four hundred—M. C. /. audience story. it heard our pupils had hear our lecture. That Masons to

The Runaway Deer was appreciated by them is certain, due We have been welcomed similarly (Barbara Fleury and Illustrated by to the fact that we were able to secure by the leaders and students of CathLilly Sompii, Macmillan Company. other engagements through the recomolic Schools, and more than 2000 of

$1.00.) mendations of the members attending their students have already heard our

this lecture. message. More than 3000 Indians have

"pOR younger children, this illustrated One day we met with the Director also listened to our presentation.

*"story of Gus, the baby deer, will of Public Relations of one of CaliRepeatedly principals and teachers prove entertaining. Indirectly, the lesfornia's leading department stores and have remarked to us that their outson of security in the home is taught. explained our work to him. He restanding students are members of our

Although the young deer found adceived us courteously and spoke reChurch. Perhaps they have been puzventure in his experiences away from spectfully of the Church leaders with zled by this fact, but the reason is quite

home, he finally decided that the best whom he had associated. We found apparent when we acquaint them with

place of all was his own—M.deer park.C. ]. thatof theheBookhad carefullyof Mormon,read bySevenDr. ClaimsWidttheoffersmanyits members.opportunities the Church

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; MELVIN J, BALLARD, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, AND JOSEPH F. MERRILL

COURSE OF STUDY rums. One of the most important and ance and could well be discussed by the

valuable is the training of the quorums stake Melchizedek Priesthood com-

T Tas the course of study been enjoyed in the manner of conducting meetings, in mittees.

so far this year by all the Priestthe duties of the various officers, and hood classes? We hope so, for this generally in the proper conduct of the STAKE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTwould indicate two things—that the business of the quorum. In visits to HOOD COMMITTEES

classes have been well conducted and the quorums such matters could profittheir part.that the done members have ably

It is facof these that both be discussed with the quorum of- *Ts quorumsall goingin eachwellstake?with PriesthoodAccording necessary ficers.

tors shall be present for the fullest ento reports there is a decided improvejoyment of the course. FOR THE QUORUM SECRETARY ment in the activities of many quorums.

necesis it not part well do their To shall the 'T'he secretary of a quorum composed Thiscongratulationis a causeto allof responsiblethankfulnessfor andthe that studysary the members should the groups compile of ward improvement,lessons? they can study them we name among whom How if group records to reported the to be ofthe stake committees, the quorum the written textbook havethey do not

by Dr. and Sister Widtsoe? This book stake clerk. The ward group secreficers and the members.

secto tary report the should quorum for is Priestbest the the of very one the in that not Shall keep mind we in will retary, the turn report comwho that the has ever been and homehood will of Priesthood or groups quorums piled clerk. information to stake the use. for Certainlyprovided quorum satisfactory progress not making be groups not must ward The become officers sure should teachers and make the committees unless the stake and

entities; separate divisions they are but is the class suppliedthat well each with officers energetic are group and quorum also, of the reason, that quorum. For is their duty.textbook. This leadership their to and devoted and

it is that important very every quorum that those proagain say file who duties? rank and supervisory We The of as groups a up quomeet made ward family the should meals avide have leaders. their outrun not do at least once that month, a rum and this the of of contents book,knowledge to presidencies stake admonish regularly. We inparticularly of to 9 15 Chapters officerfully kept are see that quorums

the presentedclusive. are Therein presidencies. in the suitable with ed men A DEVICE TEACHING ofpositive of the aspects Lord's law dilito be stake committees urge Wehealth, the of Wisdom. class instructor the Word quorums some Tn their superin enthusiastic gent and

if health do can we we have How calls at different different upon men committed duties. visory have They

in eat drink tonot and what know sessions instructors. class as to serve job. their important very to a hands A

health? toorder maintain The Word In that during several a month way will life give the quorums among newof Wisdom—a Modern Interpretation, men are given practice in teaching unevidence of the activities of these comis a book that clearly but briefly tells der the guidance of the quorum inmittees.

It things. obcan be theseus about if structor. This, carried not too far, these of request made An earnest in cloth, either a ortained paperbound in might out be tried quorums. many it that see to is that they committees in atedition, per copy, the latter 50c

report quarterly of every the quorumfrom Company. Book THE MONTHLY QUORUM to and shall them made be promptly call things these to the MEETING WetheagainDeseret BuildOffice sent the Church on to copy readers,attention of our knowing we

shall do a service to all who read and A regular program should be proing, Salt Lake City. Further, the repractice the teachings of this excellent ** vided for the monthly Priesthood ports should be complete. The necesbook. Joseph F. Merrill. quorum meetings. The quorums are sary information should be readily obat liberty to choose the subject to be tainable from quorum and bishop's

PERSONAL WELFARE discussed. Matters of quorum business, records.

COMMITTEE of course, should be taken up, and all

T'he Personal Welfare committees of other routine quorum matters, but, in FURTHER WORD ON THE the quorums cannot accomplish addition, a full forty minutes should be PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEES to subject dealing devoted with some satisfactorily unless theytheir duties of the Improvement Tn the May issue principles. anGospel Questions and cards, for a series of eachmaintain one * Priestthe Melchizedek under Era, should encouraged, swers be and the of quorum, on whichmember 294, beginning page on quorum, the hood interesting is hour be a happy, and made alllisted information concerning quooutlining the graph there appeared a profitable one. the that This means members.rum of supervision for the organization

should committeePersonal Welfare of the membership a surveymake of LEADERSHIP TRAINING Melchizedekeach stake. PriesthoodThe graph quorumsshowed thein

the quorum to learn of their financial, T'he stake Melchizedek Priesthood stake Melchizedek Priesthood commitmental and spiritual needs. With this committees could profitably engage tee to be composed of a member of the

information at hand the committee in leadership training among the Prieststake presidency, as chairman; not

should with all its might attempt to hood quorums. This might involve the more than three members of the stake

supply the apparent needs as far as it is preparation of special programs for the high council, with a representative from able as a committee to do so, and to regular monthly meetings, dealing with one or more quorums of Elders, Sevcall upon the bishops for further assistquestions and methods of leadership. enties, and High Priests within the

ance whenever that may be necessary. In this Church, every man may at one stake, this committee to supervise the

TRAINING FOR QUORUM oftimeleadership.or anotherTherebe calledis no tospeciala positionbody rumswork inofthePriesthoodstake. groups and quoBUSINESS of leaders in the Church. All should It appears that in the minds of some

'T'he stake Melchizedek Priesthood hold themselves ready for service as there is confusion as to whether or not

A committees have many opporthey may be needed. For that reason this stake Melchizedek Priesthood comtunities for serving the Priesthood quoleadership training is of great importmittee automatically does away with

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

functionthe stake Welfare committee ing with the in connection Church ANTILIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN

Welfare Plan, and if both committees are to be continued, then just what reLITERATURE Further, the plan calls for the most thorough antiliquor complete and toexistlationship these should between failed to that send "VITe regret we crusade bacco ever in undertaken the committees.two ""field, literature the to acsome folders, Church. leaflets, Booklets, is stake committee to Welfare The in cording to announcement an made projection billboards, machines, movies, before, continued as withbe a member to 61. the Era, This due p. was June radio, will, magazines and newspapers stake the asof presidency chairman, it delays. unavoidable So some was it is all their part. hoped, play the But the following Stakewith as members: until that the not General June Comis plan whole based personal upon conthe director, Bishchairman ofwork first the the to mittee shipment made tact, the missionary primary of method council,ops'Relief stake executive literature. field of This a any was the Church. president, Society stake ReliefSociety entitled booklet Talks Alcohol To

is all call the to stakes, So wards, if desired. secretary, director, andwork to the chairmen out Youth, which went Priesthood auxiliaries quorums, to and of the to In harmonize order work of Priesthood stake Melchizedek comfully in cooperate that order the camre-these of committees, because instructions two mittees on accompanied by

this paign from time vigorously go may occasionalsponsibility they have shipment. may with the to do what forward. it is in that thely advised common, will great with booklet read This be

same member of the stake presidency interest by all into whose hands it these of bothbe chairman It is brief, written attractively named as comes. AN IMPRESSIVE PLEDGE

thecommittees, that should occasion so facts full of solid printed, and brim and require, these committees, composed about alcohol that every one—drinker A n impressive sight was witnessed inof Priesthood representatives, and the or not—will want to know. Alcohol the Salt Lake Tabernacle on the

stake Welfare committee above named, tells a story about himself in such a occasion of the Mutual Improvement could meet together jointly and there charming and truthful way that all, Conference meeting Friday, June 10, formulate such plans for the directing young and old, will be delighted on 1938, when four thousand officers and of welfare work among the Priesthood reading it. The language of the story is teachers of the great M. I. A. enthusiquorums of the stake, in cooperation simple, clear and eloquent. It is exastically and unanimously adopted by a

with the Church Welfare Plan, as may pected that every member of the standing vote the sentiments and pledge be desired. If this plan of relationship Church over twelve years of age will reprinted on page 417.

is understood and applied, it should be given opportunity to read the bookThe great organization that took the avoid any confusion or misunderstandlet. pledge knew that it was acting in haring that might otherwise arise. mony with the attitude of the Church on

ORGANIZATION the matters contained in the statement.

PROJECTSWELFARE strongly Church does The advocate field arises—"Is question the the "NJow by ReportedAs the Church all keeping the of by Wisdom Word to distribute the bookorganized Committee itsWelfare other well. members people and as let?"organization recommended The

is stoutly to Church opposed smokin outlined reports the 232 The April Era, p. E."pLDER was Geertsen Joseph ing of of drinking alcotobacco and*"*'It is 296. Era, the hoped and p. project the the following which May holic to beverages and the persuasive stake the committees that ward and 5th in theFirst of Elders Quorum falsifying and advertisements of these

all set up, the been Church have memis unof Stake Ogden MountWard narcotics.

: assigned canin to the bership wardsdertaking

it is in that remembered 1937 When etc. vassers,

atin time thought spent and much We there in spent for States was the United other are ready soon As project totempting which out a work advertising cigarettes the vast of sum folders, of pieces profitable. sensible Beboth and bewould literature—booklets,as they

that billions 137.1 $30,754,854 of and field. etc., will to the shortly it be sent agriing a city that an appeared ward

cultural project was impractical. We deThus the committees will all have macigarettes were sold we get some idea

cided that, since we are in an urban district terial to keep them busy. Hence every of the magnitude of the evil from which

and surrounded on all sides by farming stake and ward should organize its we would like our people to become that surplus goescommunities a have which free. if this done, entirely not been has committee,

the year, of everyto waste members heartily further delay. great the without the commend We theirElders'together wives, with quorum,

calls contact for a personal for the I. A. stand firm and loyal M. The plan least at once a month meet andwould

preserve fruits and vegetables which we with every member of the Church, certhey have taken. And we might add

can obtain for nothing from these farmtainly every one over twelve years that the General Boards of all the auxing districts. During the months of the old, to interest him or her in the camiliary organizations are likewise heartyear when we cannot preserve fruits and paign. The book named above will ily cooperating in the Churchwide

vegetables we decided to make quilts. appeal to all of these. antiliquor-tobacco campaign.

We sincerely appreciate the assistance we receive from our wives. They are always willing to help with the project. It Another interesting instance of acit not be cheaper to make additional

could not be a success without their work complishment for the Priesthood comes donations in cash?"Besides, some said

and cooperation. Though it may be hard from Mantua, Box Elder Stake. When it is too late to start farming now.

theirto believe, the are Elders share doing prosubject Priesthood the of a quorum decommittee The Welfare ward theof in tying quilting. After and work first ject cided, of proposed, the however, to present the matter many wasseveral hours'a social have with work we

to Priests, thought the a project brethren that such High Seventies, and of entertainment, serve form thensome and refreshments. The meetings are held in would hardly be worthwhile because of Elders in their Sunday morning Priestthe various homes of quorum members. Our the fact that the dry land of that section hood class. This group decided to call

first meeting had twelve in attendance and could yield not more than from 12 to a special meeting of all the Priesthood, since then the numbers have increased. All 15 bushels to the acre, and irrigated both Melchizedek and Aaronic. Preswho have participated speak very highly land seemed to be entirely unavailable. ident William C. Horsley and Bishop

the theof rethey enjoyment and work in that of the Moreover, the stake Anton it appeared sumHansen M. comatceive rethese meetings. have Some mittee time invited to attend. ablebodied this mer overwere were men At that holdquested oftener than them we meeting learned that with so questhe of and acres it was crowded work, 30 a far month.once Thus have made we

tions naturally farmland dry acres and arose: of irrigated two prohave "Why quiltsseveral are to looking forward and

the season when we can start preserving jects when the busy people would be land could be secured with the undervegetables and fruits. burdened with more work? Would (Concluded on page 424)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

Melchizedek Priesthood rumdoes. offers everything that a lodge tet,cial mightactivitiesbe reachedof the quorumthroughandthe inso-a

{Concluded [com page 422) The quorum miscellaneous commitmusical way.

life social the the deals of tee with has committee music Church The be assessment that the waterstanding is life to Social important quorum. confor choirs a the provided Church land. irrigated the out The onworked fraternity. better for get make Men for suitable of music, siderable cultivating amount the that decidedbrethren in social acquainted than evening one singing of the only maintenance not only not land the planting of wasand in half meetprobably a dozen quorum for in also but the quorum, groups they because desirable, butpractical ings. the brings social of wives A will choirs. material This be brethren ward the bringing thatbelieved by activity. into the brethren wife The at the Deseret found Company. Book develop they as would group atogether if interested, can she becomes much do utilize familiar with Please and become spirit produce as well as fraternala to inspire the stimulate husband and

it. to bemusic must in have need. Choirs new might be for thosefood who activity his in least to once quorum. At the interested to supply peoto and come asked director was work wardA there every three months should be interesting music. ple with for and new arrangements necessary themake it is If social function. often- a quorum

the call on to who men landthe and said, the at conclusion it has er, Lord The not a month, once even would plant cultivate and to needed bewould in Doctrine of and the Section 107 certainly that hurt; goes a but quorum were of acres wheat crop. 30the The is Covenants: function social not year without a a

first, imthen was workplanted and alert alive or or awake. very much let learn every Wherefore, man now land, the potato started onmediately utilize social that the opurge office you his in the in act to duty, which and We potatoes the time proper the atand is all diligence. in appointed, portunities of the through he your quorum

fall, were crops the In planted.were is slothful shall that not counted be He create that to committee, miscellaneous

harvested. stand, that learns not to and worthy he better closer fellowship, contact, good projects, these to addition two In himself his not approved duty and shows feeling, interest in each and human particularly the stand. shall to not in counted be and worthy the ward,others social other, acthrough came which of liberal apdonation abishop, made title blessings right tivity. to these and Our crop. surplus aples, of had he which it is as unless in to see interest. jeopardy stimulates Music we The quorum harvested memby wereThese flock that of the shepherds save authorhas committee music Church we there that It discovered thenbers. was little acproviding these men, with of publication them a ized the by volume to that trees needed shadewere some tivity, interested, keeping songs, of them Spencer by compiled Cornby by J. uprooted, these were and removed,be their their lives to wall, subscribe of having our committee a and member inproject a wood away, andmoved reshould the of leader Choir, the Tabernacle no man professions—for these part the mostaugurated. For this entitled ceive oath Priesthood without and "Sacred Choruses Male For quorum carried on byprojects were live will personally that of covenant Voices."This arrangement he some they were at time when amembers is Priest, of to the the standards available the seventyfive at songs up High real a busy. made Theyextremely will the at Elder, or Deseret the Seventy, a 75c and copy Book Company cheerfully,sacrifice, they but worked

calling. his or are dozen. splendid a ordain $8.00 These magnify we When spirit industriously, a andunitedly, and of arrangements to the imshould our songs Priesthood and own men we created love brotherliness and wasof for voices. suitable enterchoruses press that are male them they upon With for the times over repaid manywhich

it I easily this into possible help covenant. ing a would be sacred would made. theysacrifices which

lift for of Elders their to or Seventies a object or group not having them up proprojects they the result of a As fine to Priests chorus. present before the a hands and High covenant make 25,145 of wheat, bushels 170duced brethren, their as receive a the with they voice has good man The who pounds 1,600 potatoes, and ofpounds

live will Priesthood, to that try not to they meetings coming been quorum turned apples were which winterof all join invited requirements. to to Priesthood be a quarup quorum may assist to storehouse stake the toover

in carrying on the Welfare plan. During the past winter a number of families MELCHIZEDEK OUTLINE OF STUDY FOR AUGUSTwho were the recipients of the foods Text: The Word of Wisdom—A Modern Interpretation, by John A.

produced in these projects were able Widtsoe and Leah D. Widtsoe.

to assist in other ward activities in repayment of the commodities which they LESSON XX IV. Breakfast Cereals.

received. The ward population in the Grains as Food 1. Whole grain.

Mantua Ward is 375 persons. Of (First Part of Chapter 12) 2. Highly milled.

3. wholegrain are products following to Leaders: Class The Why Note participated this 94 members number

better food. in shorter given a be somewhat may enthusiasm projects, thein was lesson the and

for time the extra period taken and Problems, Projects a Questions, that irresistible men two so who were 1. lesson of other review are grains which some used most may Where perof the asked Church not members is hurriedly. is given limited? have been food? their use Where asWhyhuman help. to join in and mission "Staff Life."this of I. Grains as so?

In concluding their report the Man- 1. Their general use since prehistoric 2. What is the meaning of the term

tua Ward committee says: "We feel times. "Staff of Life"? What foods best fit that

that this Church Welfare plan is one 2. Increased use as agriculture imrequirement? Discuss the reasons therefor.

of the most progressive things the proved. 3. In what food principle are grains most

3. qualities. this deficiency lacking Keeping be and how may introduced. ever hasChurch We are

4. if of use. cereal is the danger foods met? Economy What for grateful the experiencesprofoundly

5. diet? energy. the the largely of Source of form bulk the past season."during have hadwe II. Grains. of Composition grain should foods whole and 4. Whytoo

QUORUM SOCIAL EVENTS—1. Contain the six classes of food concereals be given the preference for normal

By Elder Melvin J. Ballard 2. stituents.Proportions differ in different digestion?5. Make a survey of your family food

\kjz are anxious that we build Priestgrains. for the past month and report on its ade-

"* hood quorums into a brotherhood. 3. Good source of body minerals. quacy regarding the necessary food minThe quorum committees suggested, if 4. Rich in vitamin content. erals and vitamins so necessary for good active, would provide everything that a 5. Protein good but not always the nutrition. Why are grain products—if used

best. to those valuable have who properly—so fraternity brotherhood, or

limited of Grains. for those well III. Variety as as a income whose

to offers lodge, men. We haveor noevenquar-a 1. is liberal? Different for food grains used in different more budget

rel with lodges for the other fellow, but countries. 6. Report on the cost of the devitalized

we have no need of lodges in this 2. Reasons for varying use. or packaged grain products you may use

Church, because the Priesthood quo- 3. Analysis different grains. in your family for one week as compared

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

with the cost of natural, unmilled grains. Questions, Problems, Projects III. The Milling of Wheat.

What do you pay for a bushel of grain 1. Explain how and why starches and 1. For use as breakfast foods and

in the form of packaged breakfast cereal? sugar duplicate each other in human dibread.

LESSON XXI gestion.2. Review the manufacture and use of 3.2. ResultsReasons offorthetherefiningrefiningprocess.process.

Carbohydrate Foods sugar as human food. 4. Advantages and disadvantages of

(Second Part of Chapter 12.) 3. Refer to the statement made by Mcworld-wide shipping facilities.

I. Starch and Sugar. Collum on page 180 of the text. Discuss IV. White Bread as Food.

fully. 1. are starches carbohydrates All food

1. Advantages.

4. is fat sugars. sign not always or of a Why 2. practically vitamins Contains no

is 2. health? simple of sugar Starch receive warning do made up you What little minerals. of food and picture the from 178? groups. on page

its vary, 3. value to as Opinions

5. milk the 3. except carbohydrates disadvantages All Enumerate food and

is its universal. almost though use the in in the vegetable are dangers overuse of formed carbohydrate sugar

if that 4. agree used experts Nutrition

foods, especially those of sugar. kingdom. may How vitamins, roughage minerals and findings these science of the dietary improve II. of Starch. Digestion other supplied from be must some of family others? your and 1. starchcontaining Most foods source.

6. should the and "soda founwhy How wellcooked. should be advice. 5. from such dangers The tain controlled? habit"rule be What is 2. into starch digestion In changed (See p. 189.)

to should to applied everyone, children be sugars. simple component

of hot breads. Use V. in especially, the of food? use as candy is 3. starchy food sugar with Using

dietetic duplication. 7. How may wisdom be shown in the 1. Often used to excess.

4. Duplicating sugar and starchy food use of carbohydrate food. Discuss, and 2. Combinations with fat or sugar,

is a dietetic indiscretion. apply to the diet of yourself and friends. especially if underdone, difficult of

digestion. 5. liver great regulator is the and The XXII LESSON advice. 3. Rose's Dr. in of plant the body. storage sugar For "Wheat Man"4. knowledge needed. and Wisdom excess, 6. as stored Carbohydrate (First Part of Chapter 13)

in tissue fatty the body. Projects Problems, Questions, I. as Food. Wheat Human fat 7. foods of and starchy Mixtures

1. all is for 1. Contains food man? prinfood necessary wheat a good Why difficult digest. to

ciples of structure the but not composition and Describe in needed propor- 8. overeating carbohyfrom Danger

kernel. the wheat especially with those food drate by 2. as well staff the 2. of of termed wheat use be of "a survey a tions.May budget. limited food

life."today. times ancient and human Givefood—in as Food. III. Sugar 3. in centuries. 3. past conthe table Use showing wheat Analyze

1. Use of sugar in past centuries. 4. Use today. tent found on page 187.

2. Ease of manufacture has increased II. Structure and Composition: See il- 4. What is your opinion regarding the

production. lustration on page 186. present practice of milling wheat into the

3. Most highly concentrated food 1. Bran, germ and endosperm. high patent flour? What are the adeaten by man. 2. Bran and germ rich in minerals vantages and disadvantages thereof?

States. 4. in the United Overuse vitamins. and bread white become a may 5. How

is not sugar used today 5. As a natural 3. Inner staff precautions of life"? portion or endosperm con- "broken What

but a manufactured product. tains starch and glutin. must be taken to prevent it?

of as Food. Sugar IV. Advantages is flour the Describe bleached? bran 6. Why portions—the

the food needed energy by 1. An body 4. Mostand in the used bleaching fed process agent and discarded and germ—oftenvaluable

as small a simple in very amount to animals. mill. nearest opinion your your What is

sugar (glucose). 5. Comparison between composition of this practice?

2. Blood contains one part glucose to of whole wheat, white flour and 7. If possible, visit your nearest flour mill

one thousand. bran. and give a report of your findings.

3. As nature prepares it, often mixed

with valuable minerals.

4. Used in natural state by Nature MONTHLY REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS

people; not so in modern manuMade by The First Council of the Seventy to The Council of the Twelve Apostles

facture. For the Month of April, 1938

April Missionary Activities April 5. Cheap, clean, easy to handle and

1937 1938 transport. 1. Evenings or part days spent in missionary 5,528 7,406 work

2. Hours spent in missionary 12,161 work 16,834 as Food. of Sugar V. Disadvantages

calls of Number 9,387 made. 12,653 causes an ac- 3. 1. Too concentrated; first 4. of in invitations Number 3,257 4,360

quired taste. 5. Number of revisits 4,499 2,677

of Gospel conversations 9,070 13,149 2. Contains no building food (protein) 6.7. Number standard Number of Church works distributed (Does not include Books of Mormon or vitamins. mineral matter reported under Item No. 10) 568 357

3. Is distinctly habitforming. 8. Number of other books distributed 408 353

9. of tracts and distributed Number 10,027 pamphlets 14,592 dangers from over 4. Many use: 10. Copies of of actually 241 89 Book sold Mormon a. Irritates of alimentary the lining 11. hall of held meetings Number 212 by missionaries 232

canal; 12. Number of cottage meetings held by missionaries 685 561

13. of missionaries 1,978 Number hall cottage attended 2,132 meetings who and b. to gas formation; cause Tends

14. of investigators present at Number 1,729 hall cottage 2,737 meetings and and

15. of result as baptisms Number a 151 missionary of 96 work

for other appetite the c. Deadens over people of years 15 (1) Of age 73

people under 15 of years age: (2) Of food. needed much

a. of parents are Both 37 whose members 5. If liver the too freely and used

b. Others of 15 under years age 22

affected kidneys overworked and Classification not designated adversely. 16. Number of inactive members of Church brought into activity through stake missionary19

service during the month 329 329 as proper human 6. Candy food—its

Additional Information dangers. use and

in the of stakes 118 122 Number Church Digestion. in Sugar Pancreas VI. The of missions 112 stake organized 118 Number

is insulin. principle 1. Active

2. to enable Necessary tissues to burn Number of stakes reporting Missionaries Actively Engaged 102 83

267 368 Number of districts - (oxidize) sugar brought by blood.

200 236 overworked,'diabetes 3. When may EldersSeventies 1,337 887

result. High Priests 275 166

4. Great increase of diabetes in the Women 315 1 94

States. United

in Use of Carbohydrate Total 2, 1 89 1,447VII. Wisdom

Food. Special Items op Interest

in stake connection missionary with the Seventy of of the First Council were members work made by 1.

the April. stakes during of The Word of Wisdom points the to 19Visits month way. office in presidents stake mission Interviews First the of the held 16 stake with and Council were

2. Use of natural foods. presidents during the month of April.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

message, of concern to every member of the Church is prepared and provided

U)wixL Jswudwiitk TYbiAikjaxjsL #&l (hiqiud, 7938 for every Teacher in the Church. To

read this message in the home or to

OUR GREAT RESPONSIBILITY leave it for the members to read (this plan has now been definitely disconAs Latterday Saints a great responsibility has come to us. As memtinued) is not enough.

** bers of the Church of Jesus Christ we have assumed the responsibility Actually to teach there must first be of living clean, virtuous lives, of discharging certain duties in the Church, learning and second preparation. It

of sharing with our brethren and sisters who are not so fortunate as ouris the responsibility of the Ward selves and of making our actions in every way possible reflect the teachings Teacher to study the Monthly Message of the Gospel. and then from its suggestions prepare

Above all, we have the great responsibility of so conducting our daily his own message to deliver to the lives that our actions will reflect credit to the Church, that the truths of Saints. To read the printed message

Mormonism shall be demonstrated, and that others may see our good works is a poor substitute for real teaching.

and "glorify our Father which is in Heaven."The messages are distributed in ample

In a world such as that in which we live today, this is not an easy task. time for distribution nearly a month beWe must be on guard every moment against snares and temptations. The fore they are to be used. They should

ways of the world seem pleasant and attractive. They are much easier to be studied thoroughly and then no matfollow than the ways of the Lord. But Latterday Saints have a responsiter how humble the message may be,

bility that does not rest upon other people. To us much has been given; it should become and be given as the

therefore much is expected. We have been blessed abundantly and we Teacher's own message.

shall be blessed even more abundantly if we follow the teachings of the In connection with the message, the

Gospel and reflect credit upon the Church to which we belong. welfare of the family should be inLatter-day Saints are expected to be exemplary citizens. All that is quired into. They should be encourstated or implied in the Articles of Faith, in the Ten Commandments, in aged in Church activity to do their

the Word of Wisdom, it is our obligation to observe to the utmost of our duty; they should be cheered and comability. And that obligation, because of conditions which now exist in the forted in time of sorrow and affliction.

world, is more definite and more serious than ever before. The eyes of the The teacher watches over the Church

world are upon us. Our beliefs and principles are being brought to the (and to the individual teacher that

attention of the people of the world as never before. Our great responsimeans the members of his district) albility is to make our practices square with the principles which the world ways.

knows now, more than ever before, the Church teaches. That is the great responsibility of

the Teacher in addition to his great responsibility as a member of the in the himself as suggested Church in the Church is more No movementTHE TEACHER'S GREAT for August, Teacher's Message to the welfare, unity, fundamental and WardRESPONSIBILITY printed this page. on of the progress the than plan Church

Tn The Improvement Era for April in of monthly visits to the homes of the "the article entitled "The Teacher Saints. No movement carries with it a AARONIC PRIESTHOOD ASWatches Over the Church Always,"more definite opportunity to exercise WARD TEACHERS

two President O. McKay, Davidby Priestinfluence the the of and power of total of 46,275 members the atto f\F the called again areparagraphs hood. the Priesthood Aaronic between read Teachers. of Theytention Ward is called Therefore, a Teacher when 20, the are ages of 12 and 9,305 now follows:as district assigned to as a and a Ward regularly in Teaching. engaged Ward

is definite called to mishe a Teacher inand encouragement, help, give To is slightly figure this than lower While is great the truly individual as sion to as asked he thoughspiration were every it is in high the 1936, reached mark Teachprivilege ofresponsibility and Ward his to labor family leave and and home fiveyear the average well and aboveers. city in country. or another another

slightly of than represents more 20% there I Teaching in that believe call Ward there such a comes comes When all in regular the Priesthood Aaronic all in opportunitiesis greatest of the one it after responsibility the to look with quorums. are in those to whothe world awaken of individual welfare the every member represent approximately and downhearted, Deacons discouraged,negligent, As

district. that within residing look To reenter to desire life a andsad, renewed total percentage the group, of the 40% to one's welfare, responsible after be Christ. of in activity the Jesusinto Church in Priests of Teachers engaged and

is his for as responsible shepherd a into will led back be activity they suchBy is approximately Teaching 32%. Ward is lift iniquity, their to see that will there sheep, no spiritual which atmospherethe

souls and give them power to overcome neither hardness with each other, Stakes with the highest number of weaknesses which are now shackling them. neither lying, nor backbiting, nor evilAaronic Priesthood quorum members

speaking and to see that the people acting as Ward Teachers are:

Undoubtedly the revelations given to meet together often and that all memOgden 238 Pioneer 155 us in this dispensation were given in a bers do their duty is a serious and saCottonwood....208 Box Elder 146

full realization of the conditions which cred responsibility. Rexburg 187 Pocatello 143

.140 172 No. Hyrum Weber in these It is confront the Churchwould obligatory-—that Salt 139 important—yes, 160 Cache Lake it foreseentimes. of his visit the Undoubtedly was every Teacher homes 136 159 Weber exdistrict that alonethat the come each month. time would But when 131 River. is LoganSmithfield 159 Bear

ternal influences would lead many of not enough. In addition the people are

our people away from spirituality and to be taught the Gospel—that is doubtFrom several stakes come reports of

Church activity and into paths of inless the reason these monthly visitors excellent success from the efforts of difference if not actual sin. are called "Teachers."A monthly (Concluded on page 428)

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

THE CALL TO YOUTH program, and urged the Deacons to be KANAB STAKE ADULTS 'V'0111* first duty in life is toward your honest in all their dealings and to follow GIVING GOOD RESPONSE teaching and example of the great live that * afterself. So President Charles C. letter from A Emancipator. to ought you man "yourbe—mayafterthe indicatesself—the Stake of Kanab Heatonin his time be possible and actual. MARICOPA STAKE HOLDS encouraging progress in Adult Aaronic

Far away in the years, he is waiting AARONIC PRIESTHOOD Priesthood work. In two wards, whichhis turn. His body, his brain, his soul BANQUET have joined in this project, a class of

are in your hands. He cannot help "T early 400 persons attended the an29 members is making rapid strides.

himself. What will you leave for him? nual banquet and rally of the President Heaton writes: "It is marWill it be a brain unspoiled by lust Aaronic Priesthood of Maricopa Stake velous to see the attitude of these men

or dissipation, a mind trained to think held recently at Mezona Hall in Mesa. and the seeming desire they have to

and act, a nervous system true as a Of the group 315 members of Aaronic learn and become useful in the wards dial in its response to the truth about Priesthood quorums were guests of the in which they live, and the splendid you? stake presidency, the High Council, and attendance at the weekly meetings.

let as boy, him you, come Will committees, Priesthood a the Aaronic the that caught have Our missionaries will his in time? Or among menman the Relief Society preparing with and spirit are of their calling doing a very

inheritance behis throw awayyou serving banquet. the fine work with this group."

it? to touch chance has had afore he Lorenzo Elder Wright, chairman of

Will you turn over to him a brain the stake Aaronic Priesthood commitdistorted, a mind diseased, a will untee (since made president of the stake GILMER PARK DEACONS trained, a spinal cord grown through which was recently divided) was RENDER SERVICE of grass devil the with throughand of ceremonies. master program The in of Gilmer "P\eacons Park Ward call oats? wild vile harvestthat we provided quorum members. by was

their Bonneville Stake have in made is problem your This life—the prize to Gilbert attendance went The

the for contribution preparation toward to importance you ofproblem more present. presenwith The Ward 85% building a chapel will devoting all by others. day a new you orthan any How tation Elder T. Frank by was made

it, of the cleanup fool? general to as newlyac- or a as a ameet man Price, President R. then Pomeroy.

this, shall site for answer building. the you quired we ward The When president, of president stake but nowJ.know carefully organized and were Deacons the the Stake, addressed new Phoenix

asthat reportof you.—what(Byuse thethe lateworldDavidcan makeStarr all the work ward officers assembly, encouraging to members

Jordan, o[ Stanford University.) continue in good works. signed to them was well done.

SANDY SECOND WARD DEACONS MEET LINCOLN'S FRIEND T\eacons of the Sandy Second Ward were given double honor recently, when a banquet was held in their honor at the home of Dr. C. C. Jensen, at

which they were given the honor and privilege of shaking hands with a man who, in his early life, had had the privilege of shaking hands with President

Abraham Lincoln. The guest was John

Braxton Sanders of Ashton, Idaho, a former bishop and High Councillor in the Lost River Stake.

Elder Sanders grew to young man-'hood near Springfield, Illinois, home of

President Lincoln, and while a boy of 14, he had the honor of shaking hands with the President. He related instances in his early life as a part of the

UPPER: DEACONS OF SANDY SECOND WARD,

EAST JORDAN STAKE, AT A SOCIAL AT THE

HOME OF DR. C. C. JENSEN, WITH ELDER JOHN

BRAXTON SANDERS, A MAN WHO KNEW LINCOLN, AS GUEST.

In the picture reading from left to right, back row: Dr. C. C. Jensen, member of the East Jordan

Stake High Council; David J. Borg, First Counselor in

the Sandy Second Ward Bishopric; Cleleo L. Jensen,

President Deacons'Quorum; Stanley A. Rasmussen,

Bishop; Jay Martineau; Reed Sanderson, Second

Counselor. Richard Webb.

Second row: Robert Denny, Keith Gillen, Brother

Sanders, Richard Dalton.

Front row: Wayne Sundberg, Jack Borg, and

Blaine Anderson. Ruel McPhie, Dr. Jensen's grandson, sitting on Mr. Sanders'lap. Two members of

the quorum were excused: Oral Birch and Jack

Wennerstrom; two were in quarantine: Udell Webster

and Gordon Green. Gordon Ohlson, quorum supervisor, was not present.

LOWER: GILMER PARK WARD, BONNEVILLE

STAKE, DEACONS ASSIST IN PREPARATION OF

THE SITE FOR THEIR NEW CHAPEL.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

WARD TEACHING The Church Moves On (Concluded from page 426) [Continued from page 415) these young brethren in visiting the stakes it is doubtless fair to assume MORMON TEAM WINS homes of the Saints. that probably more than a thousand BRITISH NATIONAL

ADULT AARONIC PRIESTHOOD areservice.now engaged in Ward Teaching BASKETBALL CHAMPIONSHIPS MEMBERS IN WARD TEACHING A team of Mormon missionaries, the

SERVICE Leading stakes of the Church in num- *"* Catford Saints, won the National ber of adults acting as Teachers Ward Basketball of Championship Great a thousand adult Tearly of members headed by Salt Stake, Lake pioneers in Britain, at the Pool Empire Sports and the Aaronic Priesthood are the Adult Aaronic now Priesthood moveArena, April 19th, Wembley, and were acting as it Teachers, is indiWard ment, are: the British awarded National Basketball in cated the report for first the quarter trophy, special suits, and displaying Salt Lake 44 Liberty of just 24 1938, issued the by Presiding the individual Jack, Union and mem41 Hyrum Parowan 23 Bishopric. exact is The number 993. bers. Duchesne 39 Logan 22 In view of the lack of information reOquirrh St. the of The members 33 winning Johns team 21 garding adult activity from several Pioneer 25 S. Elders Lyman were 20 Bruce Hanks, Marvin

J. Ashton, Parry D. Sorensen, Edmund

M. Evans, DeLos A. Rowe, Owen P.

THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW ton,Gladwell,and GlennPaul Howells,H. Grimmett.W. Burt Bux-

A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the A basketball team, representing EngLord's Law of Health land, and composed of nine American

Mormon missionaries, wearing the British the Union Jack, International won PERTINENT Y., N. Dr. PARAGRAPHS James H. that found Wall Basketball Tournament (Grand Tourone 71 had or relatives more used THE who LIQUOR PROBLEMS ON noi International at Basketball) de alcohol to excess, and alco27 had France, during the of Reprinted week from Allied Youth holic fathers. average The for age

6. reports. beMayLille, newspaper and ginning to drink 18, but was bemany

'"Inhere is a robbery every 10 mingan earlier. Sunday, April 24, 1938.

Youth must remember, in reading the utes, a burglary 2 every minutes, C. Heber Kimball sustained as was subtly appealing advertisements in a larceny every seconds, 44 case a and of bishop the Eighteenth EnWard, magazines, billboards, in on colorand theft automobile minutes. every 2 sign Stake. ful electric signs, that right is there have selfstyled heard from exofWe Pres. Heber dedicated Grant the the of much cause of crime. They perts criminology is that on deficrime in chapel the of Branch the OmahaJ. must that remember no matter how nitely the decrease. on Unfortunately, States Mission. Western beautiful appealing this and advertising is not crime decreasing criminals and The Stake Lake is, Moon organized was and matter no attention how much are not reforming."In increasing an with L. Edwin as president. is Murphy diverted to the ineffectiveness and these of crimes, isnumber alcohol Duchesne The Stake reorganwas concurrent lawbreaking of the prohiidentified factor. as a ized with Heber as president. Moon bition itself, liquor amendment, when

drunk—and that is its only purpose The Price Ward, Carbon Stake,

Without attempting to record or anis a criminal, that it cannot be sepwas divided. O. F. Guymon was

alyze crime statistics, it can be said arated from the responsibility for crime. sustained as bishop of Price First

that offenses, from breaking windows Ward and Don Clayton was sustained to murder, can and have been all too as bishop of Price Second Ward. Potawatomi The Indians voted by frequently traced to drinking; that

1, Sunday, 1938. big as a majority May against permitting thethe consumption liquor of increases, as sale of 3.2 their beer Pres. on reservation the Heber Grant the prinwas J. barsthe are lowered, there is more and other day. cipal will "Beer at speaker trouble the make opening of the old crime traceable to liquor.more

for the Indians,"said a brave. Jordan meetinghouse West has which

been renovated and will be used as a of 17 boy 19 beers hall relics and of A by the Archibald Gardner This advertisement appearin whiskies atwo is against of the Camp Daughters Pioof Utah boughttavern—it ed in a newspaper:

sell tothe "Wanted—arecently liquor law to barneers. minors—and tender. Must be total abstainer."after bill his paying upstairs went and

held up a lodger. He was sent to prison. Sunday, May 8, 1938.

Action is being taken against the tavBeer sales increased 16,000 barrels in The SixthSeventh Ward, Pioneer ernkeeper. January 1938, over January 1937. The Stake, was reorganized with H. Gilbert

total number of barrels sold was Barton as bishop.

3,072,371. James Vernon Graves sustained was Murders incommitted under the as president of the of Salt Mexicansfluence of liquor are too much comCity. Lake standard test for intoxicated A officials complain.mon, rejudge One drivers that will be accepted the by incently commenting such case a on Sunday, courts 15, 1938. insure if and convictions May guilty it all that after out the wasn't

is urged Traffic by Director William A. The Wasatch Highland Ward, so befuddled liquor was bypointedman—who Duzer, of the District Van Stake, of Columreorganized was with Rulon didn'tthat J. right he from know wrong,

bia. Sperry bishop. asdidn't he going what to know was do

but the liquor itself, which committed the murder. Records of the District of Columbia Sunday, May 22, 1938.

police department show 19,091 arrests Edwin Q. Cannon was sustained as

for fiscal drunkenness for the year endbishop of the Twentieth Ward, Ensign In a study of 100 male alcoholics at ing March 1, 1938. This is an average Stake.

Bloomingdale Hospital, White Plains, of 52 per day. (Concluded on page 435)

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH. JOHN A. WIDTSOE, HAROLD J. KIRBY,

President and Treasurer. A WILLIAM LUND, Assistant Secretary.

JOSEPH CHRISTENSON. JAMES M. KIRKHAM, L. GARRETT MYERS,

Vice President. MARK E. PETERSEN, Assistant Treasurer and

ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT. Directors. Superintendent of Research Bureau

Secretary and Librarian. ELLEN HILL,

Assistant Librarian.

I to get able said, will "Perhaps here."be your and smiled and She own you OTHERS you; HELPINGWHEN

of Forerecords should I have."your genealogy, and She Book show what make you YOURSELFYOU HELP

it will to to of fathers; Forefathers her more worth be and Book you began show me

At a recent Genealogical meeting than all the money in the world."She also and to tell me about her parents and their

*"* held in the Second Ward, Liberty said, "My records are worth thousands of family which were recorded on a family parents dollars to sheet book. in her group and me."Her testimony about the followingStake,

the in lived a satisfaction with it appeared, family, same had work my Reteaching by Mrs. was givenhome I if faithful sister lived that and had when town where I was my to my calling,in myI heartbegan

becca B.. Hansen. Inasmuch as the Sister Bachman's promise would be fulwe were tiny girls. I studied the record

Genealogical organizations are emphafilled. more closely and was surprised when I saw

sizing home teaching at this time, this My mother had separated from my own my grandmother's name on her family group story should be an inspiration to our father, taking my sister Clarissa, less than sheet. I asked: "What relation is this

to old, lady you?"She answered years me, about four years by saying: two and is Here members. committeemany

I is said: greatgrandmother."old, to grand- "She with our our home make my it: as she told storySister Hansen's

is I almost grandmother!"father. "She married again I was mother and my My

When I was asked to become ward know her second husband as my father. overcome with surprise and joy and I felt

supervisor of the home teaching department When I was nineteen years old, I was told very weak. I composed myself and exin the Genealogical organization I was a of my own father whom mother left when plained: "You are related to me. At last

teacher in the seminary and a Relief Society I was too young to remember. In 1921 my I have found my father's people."

supervisor of teachers. I just didn't know mother died. My sister Clarissa visited the She turned the pages of her Book of

how to take up this Genealogical work. Church Genealogical Archive and found Forefathers and I saw my grandfather's and

I thought I didn't like Genealogical work there information of our own grandparents, grandmother's names with those of their as well as I did that of the Relief Society and our father and mother. After that time two sons, my father and his brother, and

and seminary teaching. we failed to find any more information on also my mother's name as my father's wife.

After making this calling a matter of my father's line. I asked her what she knew about my father

prayer and deep consideration I attended Early this year, when doing my home and she said: "His wife left him, taking

a Union meeting of the Genealogical organteaching, I visited a home in one of the her two little girls with her; she had decided

ization. In that meeting one of the speakdistricts and left a pedigree chart and family to live in her father's home again."I said:

ers said: "It isn't those things that you like group sheet. I promised to return and help "I am one of those little girls."

to do that you should do, but those things the lady in that home fill out the charts I She also told me that my grandfather had that you are called upon to do."I took gave her. I called again, and didn't find died while crossing the plains; my grandthis statement as an answer to my calling anyone home. I seemed to have an urge mother had married again; and a baby girl

to the Genealogical work, and was set apart within myself to try to keep in touch with was born from this marriage. That baby

as ward supervisor. that home and make out those charts. One girl became her grandmother and my faSister Orodine Bachman, who was superday I decided to go right there with one of ther's halfsister, thus making my grandvisor of the home teaching department, my teachers, and assist in making out the mother her greatgrandmother.

visited me. She said: "Sister Hansen, if charts that I had left. This is my testimony, that when we are

you take this calling as supervisor of home I found the lady glad to see us; she faithful to our office and calling, a promise

teaching in the Genealogical organization, welcomed us kindly. I said: "I have come made to us in righteousness will be ful-

1 promise you that it will be a blessing to today to help you fill out the charts I left filled.

tjf/ilucatioii

content. therefore intellectual wheresurprise the and moral plan. And Great was "RELIGIONEXCERPTS FROM

felt to create it that it wise the Latterday have found as some bodies was when CAMPUS"RETURNED TO THE parallel the secular sectarian schools university's requirements which the Saints had met

By T. T. Brumbaugh in a basic and nonsectarian presentation of instruction given in taxsupported schools

{Christian Century; April 20, 1938.) the Bible and the spiritual interpretation of but with a particular religious interpreta-

... There is a growing concern for life and were starting such courses of intion, the Mormons have seen fit in recent

religion as such among students in this struction under competent teachers in the years almost to abandon the attempt to country and in administrative circles in local Mormon student center recently erectimpart secular education and have concentax-supported and other schools; there is ed near the campus. trated attention on giving religious instrucenhanced appreciation of the spiritual inLest this be taken as an example of untion in seminaries and institutes near taxterpretation of existence which is the specific desirable Mormon aggressiveness, it is well supported high schools, colleges and univerprovince of religion.... to add parenthetically that there is no resities. Such "seminaries"are located hard

ligious body in America today more alert, by more than ninety public high schools in

Mormons Show the Way progressive and cooperative in the field of western states, and their "institutes"pro-... In realizing the importance of this, religious education in academic centers viding religious, educational and social

educators are in many places far in advance than the Latterday Saints. Whatever may equipment and even dormitory accommodaof religious leaders. In one state university be said of its origin and tenets, the present tions are to be found in a dozen large west-

1 found that though the campus authorities leadership of the church, which has such a ern university centers.

were willing to grant recognition and collarge following in our western states, is Nor are these to be considered narrow, lege credit for courses in Bible, church hisawake as is perhaps no other denomination intolerant and exclusive institutions. Where

tory and religious philosophy, the religious to the importance of paralleling secular high school credit for religious instruction groups could not get together on a united education with religious instruction, high in (Concluded on page 435)

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

50 MAIN STREET NORTH I. A. Y. M. M. Y. M. W. CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH Q. GEORGE MORRIS LUCY GRANT CANNONI. A.

Offices J. JOSEPH General A. Y. CANNON WILLIAMS M. I. HELEN W.

K. 33BURTON BISHOP'S BUILDING FARNSWORTH W.S. GODDARD VERNA

A. KIRKHAM. A. OSCAR CITY, SALT BEESLEY, LAKE CLARISSA UTAH

Executive to to Direct Secretary Send all Correspondence General Offices Committees Secretary Executive

HPhanks for your fine support of the

A June Conference. It was a glorious

event, reaching new marks in many notable respects. Your attendance,

your active participation, and your undeviating support made it what it was intended it should be—an influence for

carrying religion into life and building better Latterday Saints.

Many of the messages of the Conference will appear in coming issues of the Era.

WE'LL SEE YOU AT CONVENTIONS Ctake Conference Conventions have *-* already started. The Executives

and General Boards of M. I. A. will be

out to visit you and counsel with you.

Your "Study Sheets"and other instructions should now be in your hands. We

look forward to these times of meeting, planning, and "stocktaking,"in a cause that merits the best efforts of men and pay life's richest rewards—the cause

of human service in an eternal plan.

THE SUMMER

\\7e"joyablehope you'llsummer—andhave a fullweandhopeenthat the M. I. A. summer program will

contribute much to the fellowship, sociability, and wholesome development among your groups and communities.

TOP: EAST CENTRAL STATES M. I. A. GOODWILL QUARTET AND FOUR DIRECTORS:

Sitting, left to right, Mission President William

T. Tew, Elder Bassett T. Wright. Standing, left to

right: R. Lamont Stevens, 2nd Bass; Morris Anderson, 1st Bass; LaVerne Blake, quartet instructor;

Theras Q. Allred, 1st Tenor; Leon Phelps, 2nd Tenor.

Elder Delbert K. Schiess, assistant director, was not

present when picture was taken. (See story, page

431.) 2. THE KNOWLEDGE SEEKERS. (SEE STORY,

PAGE 431.) 3. CENTRAL STATES MISSION. (SEE STORY,

PAGE 432.) 4. LEFT AND RIGHT: GENERAL VIEW AND

CLOSE VIEW OF BRIGHAM YOUNG MONUMENT,

BRIGHAM CITY. (SEE STORY, PAGE 434.)

BOTTOM, LEFT: M MENGLEANER BANQUET,

UNIVERSITY WARD, CHICAGO (SEE STORY, PAGE 431); RIGHT, PRESIDENT MERRILL D. CLAYSON

AND MISSIONARIES AT FORT SUMTER (SEE

STORY, PAGE 432).

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

M. I. A. ACTIVITIES POINT Hospitals, singing and speaking to pawill be developed if we enlist the cotients nurses guests, 6 and all in of our operation of them home IN PROGRESSTHE TO WAY with to guests and members Y. A. M. C. beautification back program. That STATESEAST CENTRAL 3 singing speaking and of beauty and a haven yard can become

speaking.... 11 singing churches, and Other Bassett T. Elder I. A. Wright M.By forth concerted inspiration a put if we etc.... state conventions, 2 Miscellaneous, Director Goodwill Programand effort.

East Central States Mission 400 Our stake and ward groups are now in or educapresenting active a forum in cooperated have The newspapers of leadership President the Tnder in tional Let us each community. meet purpose. us accomplish our helping Ap- ****I the William T. Tew, Jr., assist in join these to groups sure and be articles strength proximately 85 news were

of the Mormon position has gained published, occupying about 1 800 square these delightful programs. One comrapidly this winter in the East Central inches of space, free of cost. munity is building a new park, and a

States Mission as the result of an exIt is estimated that over 75,000 have local Adult group is cooperating to tensive and intensive GoodwillFellow- heard some phase of Mormonism make an unusual community rose garship Campaign of a missionwide through the 400 engagements as folden in it. What is your group doing

character and of the achievement of lows: toward our Adult beautification promore and better Mutual Improvement ject, which is developing in all our

1 1,000 Sessions president, Conference missionwork. whose The In addition to our communities? own

I. 2,750 Conventions A. M. for successful missionaryphilosophy let the in join us class program Adult

I. 1,000 Banquets A. M. is recof the goodwill, creationwork stake, or and programs ward, Church Universities Colleges, 17,750

I. posithe theognizes as A. key M. thrill the that with feel the comes 30,000 Schools High

intion of the conservation the of youth that paractively are knowledge 3,850 Hall meetings we

Zion. Clubs, civic organizations 4,700 ticipating in something worthwhile.

With these two ideals in mind, GoodHotels 500 will and M. I. A., he set up an organiHospitals - 1,000

zation last September to carry his plans Y. M. C. A 800

forward. He delegated the mission Other Churches 1,525

M. I. A. director, Elder Bassett T. Other engagements 500

director as of theWright, managing 75,000 STAKE CHICAGO HOLDS M Schiess Delbertcampaign. K. Elder BANQUET MENGLEANER

assistant. missionchosen Four haswas The cause of the Youth of Zion

aries, Elder R. Lamont Stevens, Theras been promoted through M. I. A. activ- "RTarch 26 marked the date that the

Q. Allred, Morris H. Anderson and ities. President Tew at the beginning *** Chicago Stake held its second anLeon Phelps, all talented singers, were of the M. I. A. year said: "Save the nual M MenGleaner banquet. This

called into the office and trained as a youth of Zion and you save the Church. stake is only two years old, but to have

quartet by Sister LaVerne Blake, a At the point of properly educating the attended the banquet would have contalented member of the Louisville youth the Church succeeds or perishes. vinced anyone that this organization

Branch. Plans were mapped out to It is our duty to see that the young has a mighty fine group of young

cover practically every branch in the people are properly taught the beauties workers. (See photograph, layout,

mission as a part of our M. I. A. and of the Gospel truths."(See photo, page 430.)

Goodwill Program and Tour. The layout, page 430.) There were one hundred and thirty

purpose of the tour was to create goodpersons in attendance. The banquet

will, allay prejudice, enlighten the pubwas held in the recreation room of the lic regarding the Mormon position, University Ward Chapel, located on stimulate members and leaders in the the south side of the City of Chicago, branches of the Church, lend moral adjoining the grounds of the Universupport and encouragement to missionAxel A. Madsen and Grace C. Neslen, chairmen; sity of Chicago.

aries of fellowship L. Richard Dr. Evans, a feeling L. A. Stevenson, Aurelia and create entire prepared dinner by was The

Harbertson. Bennion, Gladys E. tolerance all peosisters of this ward, amongand religious Society Relief the

ple. activGirls. central of our theme the BeeHive served The and by was

of already has summer /Vne monthities in to the preach an Gospel was ** are passed wondering and how weattractive, soulgripping to and manner SEEKERS enjoying the KNOWLEDGE Adults been have many all to could aveopen updo new we OF OGDEN fun outlined program. summer What for to in the missionaries follownues

of club Seekers"it Knowledge that at will begin plan to to once ** rpHE be effortstheir to to the convert people * in families. organized picnic Utah, Ogden, our with was summer Watch Christ. ofthe restored Jesus Gospel

Thousands have been touched during the joyous enthusiasm of the children as 1936 by a group of young people for the tour. Missionaries report that they they assist in the planning of such an the purpose of: First, to study the Gosare received more favorably and with outing. By all means we will want to pel of Jesus Christ; Second, to provide

greater respect. spend at least one night with them out a suitable Sabbath pursuit. The club

after stars, evening each will Sacthe the meets Sunday heavens under where of the gives following number The all in the meeting, of us. In of rament to take homes meaning memon a new

filled during tour the ofengagements ) bers. the are close other so marked one Names draw what way ( * five pastthe months:

still all are infinite? of charter scarce which parents to members, the canWe

sessions, DistrictConference and Branch 90 chilactive photograph, realize members. (See our complimented how

I. sesvarious A. Conventions andM. layout, friends their page to us are have 430.) dren and sions thereof 21

left right, in front to horseshoe, row: Reading with them I.Banquets, 12 participating M. AColleges, Universities, Business Colleges 40 croquet, softball, and many of the other West Belnap*, Don West*, Lawrence

High Schools 49 outdoor games, which can be played Saunders, George London*; second

Hall Meetings, Courthouses, City right at home. While we are together row, Eileen Manning, Mildred West*,

Halls, Open air meetings with emas a family unit let us see how joyous Maurine West, Virginia Smith, Betty ployees 30 and happy we can really make the Smeding, Lois Belnap, Venette Powell,

Broadcasts, programs....Radio 75 15 minute third leisure Leuella London; hours of this row; Herbert and prove summer

Civic, Professional,Clubs, simvarious Noble, that Harbertson*, the family Jesse Sidney our satisfaction Jenwho ilar organizations 51 to

Hotels, appearances before guests 5 plays together and prays together, stays sen*, Lillian W. Cheney*, director

Radio Addresses, President William T. together. of classwork; Glen Wade*, Robert

Tew, Jr 5 A real appreciation for the beautiful Dickson, visitor.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

MISSIONARIES AT FORT SUMTER "Decently, President Merrill D.

** Clayson, of the Southern States

Mission and ten missionaries and

Saints, sailed to Fort Sumter from

Charleston. Because of our special

purpose of going there, they were allowed the opportunity of taking pictures of the old west side, where 77 years ago a cannonball coming from

Ft. Johnson, a Confederate Fort, started the great Civil War, which was so

definitely and exactly prophesied by

Joseph Smith in 1832, and again in 1843, recalling the aforementioned prophecy.

As the sun set, it seemed to bring with it the assurance of time, which is the greatest vindicator of Divine

Prophecy.

Here, we encircled and sang, "Praise to the Man who Communed with Jehovah."It was the first Latterday

Saint meeting ever to be held upon the fort.

The President, Merrill D. Clayson,

read the prophecy on war (Sec. 87

and Sec. 130:12, 13)—-the causes

and results. (See picture, layout, page

430.) The feeling was expressed that at some future day, though it is completely surrounded by water, this spot will become the "Southern Shrine"to the Divinity of the Prophet Joseph as other monuments are in the east and middle west.

Grouped together and in the purple dusk of Southern skies we sang "We

Thank Thee, O God, For a Prophet."

This little account, with the spirit in which the meeting was held, may give you an idea of the coming importance of this spot to Church members in thesouth.—Merrill J. Wood.

CENTRAL STATES MISSION REPORTS CONVENTION AND MUSIC FESTIVAL 7V N attractive program and pictures ** submitted by Elder John H. Taylor

of the First Council of Seventy, and of the Y. M. M. I. A. General Board

tell the story of a Central States Mission Convention and Music Festival, held May 28 and 29. The conference

included field day activities, Gold and

Green ball, hobby show, music festival, and formal meetings, and was reported as an undertaking of high merit. ( See

photo, layout, page 430.)

1. 260th Quorum of Seventy with wives at a chop sui dinner, Honolulu, Oahu Stake,,

CONTRAST 2. Cotton Ball, South Georgia District.

By Gilean Douglas 3. Oneida Stake Gleaners.

Girls Stake Gleaner and Beach who conducted popular summer a shingled roof 4. Long on M Men K Moonlight

for evening every dances I. A. Tuesday the M.

thing, Is a simple But far too rich to hem the robe 5. M MenGleaner Hallowe'en party, Taber, Alberta, Canada.

Of an earthly king. 6. Priesthood Gathering, Queensland District Conference, Australian Mission.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

FRANKFURT NIGHT SKYLINE FROM MISSION HOME.

TkwA,f& ihsL 7kw An Electric By FRED W. BABBEL

of the West German Mission Range Makes

both sides of the Main are cool inviting and parks one where may relax Cooking a the scene. Almost of beauty enjoy the

directly across the river is the unequaled and picturesque view of the old city of Frankfurt. Although this beauty is enJoy Instead of

chanting during the daytime, the view at night of the entire skyline bathed in brilliant lights is unforgettable. a Job!

The home itself is a combination of inviting living quarters and modernly convenient business offices. Its location on the ground floor makes it easily

accessible and convenient for the transTHE MISSION HOME AT FRANKFURT AM MAIN action of the mission business. A short Ask any housetvtfe

tenminute walk enables one to reach '"Phe West German Mission became a therequiredrailroadto reachstation;the aheartshortero'f thetimecity.is who cooks electrically.

distinct entity August 2, 1937. Fall Conveniently situated on the further

conferences were held, but no'organizaside of the river is the branch meetingtion was effected until December 2nd house.

of the same year, when President Although we entered this new home

Sister SusanPhilemon Kelly and M. 12, until the February on not it was

arrange to appointed and Kelly wereG. SEE YOUR seventeenth of that that each month

activitiesdirect of that mission. the adequately to care equipped was room DEALER Or President 6, 1938, and January for the of the mission, needs On day, which

Sister Kelly, accompanied by Elders February 17, we have termed "FoundSanford M. Bingham and Fred Wm. ers'Day"for West German HeadUTAH POWER

Babbel, in Frankfurt arrived Main, quarters. am

select to immediately beganwhere they To the original office force have 8 LIGHT CO.

headquarters so the work of that misbeen added four capable Elders to sion might be directed with as little in- (Concluded on page 435) convenience as possible. A temporary

office was secured, making possible the THE MISSION OFFICE STAFF adjustment of all pressing matters. Seated left to right: Elder Doric E. Black,

After much prayerful searching and SecondPresidentrow,Philemonleft to M.right:Kelly,UseSisterE. SusanKraemer,G. Kelly.Elder

left Fred Babbel. Standing, to Wm. right: Elder disappointments foundmany a site was

Pack, Lloyd C. Elder Sanford M. Bingham, Elder EVERYTHING need and answered our everywhich R. Ryser, Sterling Elder J. Richard Barnes.

was located in one of the choicest sections of all Frankfurt. Every necesPhotographic

sary renovation was immediately begun and we moved in on February Write or call for Snapshot 12th. Information

By day these headquarters look out river traffic o'f the beauupon the busy inc. ] at directly the EASTMAN KODAK STORES, Situatedtiful Main.

intersection of the Adolf Hitler bridge Phone Wasatch 5292 and SchaumainKai—one of the city's 155 South Main Street

most fashionable residential streets one may see the activities of the city Salt Lake City, Utah without the least disturbance. Along

(B)ixqhawL *lfowiq.

BY JAMES JENSEN Counselor in the Box Elder Stake

Presidency and Chairman of the

Memorial Committee Tt was a glorious day, that 19th of

A August, 1877. Large crowds of

people had gathered at the railroad station. The president of the Church

was coming. A new stake in Zion was

to be born.

Children lined the way along which the procession passed from the station to the great bowery constructed for the assembling of the Saints. Flowers

were strewn in the path of the great pioneer leader as he journeyed along to the meetingplace, showing the great love, esteem, and veneration in which he was held.

It was the last visit of President

Brigham Young to the city which bears his name. The address at the conference was his last public utterance

before he passed to the great beyond just ten days later. The stake organization perfected that day was the last

public act of the great empire builder and spiritual leader.

Such is the background significance of the monument erected in Brigham

City, Utah, to the memory of Brigham

Young. Begun as an M. I. A. project,

it rapidly developed into a program financed by the city, the county, and the people of the ecclesiastical wards in the stake and was carried on by a committee representing every auxiliary organization of the Church, the civic clubs, the patriotic organizations, and the municipal governments.

Erected on the plot of ground on which stood the old bowery, and now officially known as the Brigham Young

Memorial Park, the monument stands boldly out as the central attraction in the beautiful landscaping of the park.

Its shaft of Raymond granite stands ten feet nine inches high with basal dimensions of four feet six inches by eighteen inches.

On the back of the monument an inscription gives the names of the contributing organizations and on the front is a large bronze plaque, the gift of the Church and made by artist J. Leo

Fairbanks. Modeled after one of the

last and one of the best portraits of

President Young it shows a face, hardy and serious, yet lifelike and full of sympathy and kindness.

Etchings in the background depict much of the progress of the Church and 1. sideRighyGardens.Stake Gold and Green Ball held at Riverthe State. The Indians in their wig- 2. Melody Review act presented by Sandy Third

Ward, East Jordan Stake. are one side but shown on onwams

3. Senior Class, Phoenix Second Ward.

is activities thethe other of the shown 4. Looking up the from base of Frozen American

conquerors of the desert. The log 5. MotherFalls. Rogers'group, Mothers'and Daughters'cabin homes of the pioneers are shown Picnic.

place Third winner in in the Basketball M. I. A. irrigating his the farmerwith lands 6.

Argentina, America. South

for his sheaves of wheat,and caring Father 7. eight and sons; family of Mt. Bundy

Trumbull, Arizona.the covered drawn by wagon

River Raft oxen S. Stake Independence Celebration. Dayarriving the east from occuand its Winners 9. of Soft Ball League, Windsor Ward,

pants being welcomed by the ones who 10. BishopTimpanogosR. A.Stake.Summers of Pasadena Ward, and

434 Chiye Terrazawa, Mormon missionary.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938 preceded them. And then one sees JUNIOR GIRLS ESTABLISH rollment. At the close of the year,

the magnificent temple of God, the RECORD each girl received a book of poems.

unique tabernacle, the beautiful capitol, Not only did the girls participate in the towering business edifices and the /"\NE hundred percent enrollment is the ward activities one hundred percent;

busy industrial plants, the whole - unusual, but add to this fact one they turned out one hundred percent backed by the beauty of a mountain hundred percent attendance for an enfor both the music festival and the range. tire Mutual Improvement season and Junior Festival. It didn't seem to matgirls ter the to that of walk some had is appropriate portrait the the a record have Below which you record—a mile, in the over sometimes a eveninscription established of Girls the Junior by was

girls of the coldest of weather. One Stake. Holladay Cottonwood of Ward, in Erected Honor BRIGHAM if tend she offered was would money OutIn Commemoration The Of of leadership the Irene Mrs. UnderYOUNG refused children. neighbor's her She Interstanding Service Rendered The He girls this nine of group Lloyd Cannon class. to miss her repeatedly Junior Pioneer, Patriot,Mountain As West A night the present of has every been are of not the Juniors Although two Statesman.Colonizer, Leader Church And

On This Plot of Ground Aug. 9th, 1877, Mutual lesson season of 19371938. At members of the Church, they have parHe Delivered His Last Public Address Christmas time the president of the ticipated in each activity. Each time

When He Organized The BOX ELDER M. I. A. presented the class with the the Junior class has met, the girls have

STAKE. reading course book since they had one brought with them that grand spirit of

A reflecting pool fronts the monument hundred percent attendance and enactivity that Juniors possess.

and granite seats or benches build the whole into one great unit. Thus Brigham Young is honored in the city which

bears his name and by the stake whose organization constituted his last public activity. It is an important step among

the many others which contribute to the fulfilment of the prophecy made by Elder George Q. Cannon at the

funeral services of his leader when he said, "The time will come when the

Latterday Saints will appreciate him as one of the greatest Prophets that ever lived."

The monument was dedicated August 19th, 1937, the sixtieth anniversary of the organization of the Box Elder

Stake, by President Rudger Clawson FRONT ROW: VIRGINIA KNOWLTON, JEAN PEAT, ELEANOR PEAT, JEAN KEELE, JOY HUTCHof the Council of the Twelve. It was INSON. SECOND ROW: DONNA HAWKS, RUTH BOWERS, SARAH KNOWLTON, IRENE CANNON

memorialized at that time by an inLLOYD, CLASS LEADER, AND IRENE BRINTON.

spirational address by President David

O. McKay of the First Presidency.

Following the dedication the project Bishop LeGrand Richards gave thewas completed by the addition of the Department of Education baccalaureate address to the graduates benches and planting of the evergreens. (Concluded from page 429) of Brigham Young University, June 5,

On June 1st, 1938, the one hundred is asked and granted, as in most of these 1938.

of the birth anniversarythirtyseventh the public ninety school re- "seminaries,"the plaque was of Brigham Young, training religious be WHITTIER WARD DEDICATED quirement that such placed on the monument and appropribasic and nonsectarian is fairly met. The XT"hither Ward Chapel, at 1515

is in university the true college and ate exercises held. same Street, Salt vv Second East Lake

fell centers observawhich under own my President dedicated Utah, was by

I tion. fact, and City, In Methodists found when

Mormons cooperating in such undertakings David O. McKay on June 5, 1938.

the latter place even and in CALIFORNIA MISSIONARY inconclusionNews of the New Wyoming,Catholicsas those atincluded,the Universities of Idaho and was my PASSES

West German Mission surpassedevitably thatsometheof theLatterdayrest of usSaintsProtestantshave /"larence F. Tanner, missionary for

in Southern (Concluded Icom page 428) ina pagebrotherliness;from the andbookthatofwetheallMormonsmight takein * the past eight months

regard to supplementing secular education California, was killed near Hemet, aid in the supervision of the various with religious instruction in an economic California, when he touched a live wire mission activities. Elder J. Richard yet effective way. on the edge of a swimming pool.

Barnes has been appointed to serve Elder Tanner was born in Salt Lake as mission bookkeeper. The Sunday City, March 16, 1916. While he was

activities are being I. A. andSchool M. attending the University of Utah, he

C. Pack. Elder The The Church Moves On Lloyd directed by served as a of the Ninth member Ward and Geneof the Priesthood progress (Concluded from page 428) Sunday School superintendency.

the is insured organizations by alogical combined efforts of Elders Doris E. President Heber J. Grant dedicated

Black and Sterling R. Ryser. As from a chapel at Philadelphia, Eastern States

Mission. superSister Kelly has beginning,the.. OITIK WE organizations. all vised women's Now COMPLETE A ADDRESS BACCALAUREATE is progressing rapidly andthe work SERVICE ENGRAVING LEADERS the GIVEN BY CHURCH willingly. cooperating Saints are most largest portraits to the Missionary From

It is from these new headquarters that "P\r. John A. Widtsoe delivered the Mail Orders catalogues.Given Prompt Attention. President M. Douglas Wood and his baccalaureate address to the CO. ENGRAVING UTAH wife, Evelyn Wood, will direct the graduates of Utah Agricultural Col113 Salt Lake City, Regent St.West German Mission activities. lege, June 5, 1938. Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

I DO NOT SMOKE The Last of the WHY (Concluded [com 413) page agines the that is at her world feet. Dickens'Boys"it's not. Butarguments heard always a perwhen (Concluded from page 403) of fellows "Lots are themwho is ason is defending doubtful habit

the old standby, "personal liberty."selves inveterate smokers are loudest his share of the booty at Whiskey

But nicotine does away with one's in their denunciations. Their exGap, where the Indians stampeded

personal liberty and becomes an inplanation is something like this: one hundred fortyseven of theirsidious master to its unthinking 'Well, it just gets me—that's all.'mules, and burned many of the

slaves. And as for me, I want to "The fact is a woman who smokes caravan wagons with flaming arassert my personal liberty and stand jars one's sense of the aesthetic. rows.

Smoking feminine, not is somehow to at right not populationup for the of my Utah The smoke—in are we like women who is arrival thortime the family's constantly and ofthese did days one not when

offered cigarettes and when huge oughly feminine."exceed 20,000. About seven years

I do not smoke. I would later, in 1870, Mr. Culmer was orads proclaim, "Be Nonchalant,"and And so

rather clear health, keep good my in the dained Church. a in Elder Carload."an a Cough"Not Why teeth, strong, complexion, white if the cough, about you'veworry no times various the Culmer At liberty, clean breath, personal myintention of carload? the smoking controlled twentysix imBrothers I shall selfrespect. Also, and my says, Million People who "TenAnd enterprises. portant business Utah I least at pin keep my money,—or too. canCan't Be They Wrong?"In 1900, H. William Culmer when it it is shall that see spent does where fish shoal of be caught whole mayA left superinCity, Salt Lake was he literally in smoke. not up go Re little a ones ones and the part of tendent Carnet—big and owner printed permission the by Board of that doesn't prevent Gilsonite Salt Lake Mines,intogether—but bon Prohibition Temperance, and of of a being poorany from one them Ozokerite Company, Utah Comthe Public Morals, Methodist offish, Asphalt pany, Assyrian Company,. Episcopal

unistudent of a large Graystone Mt. Company, Kyune A popular Church, thus: opinionversity gave Stone quarries. Products from me his

GIRL! these were developed and used by"Why do I hate to see a woman WHICH WAY, LITTLE all

smoke? Because in most cases it is By Agnes Just Reid the Culmer Paving Company of Salt

afpointless foolish aobviously and Chicago. This City Lake and Comgirl, little to, if you want CWEAR this actsfectation. though as She also stone furnished pany Kyune ** It's you, simply up to

little is cerat sophistication attempt buildings of for city Salt county and its is of robbed But your womanhood tain to win the plaudits of humanity. charm Lake.

The girls who smoke for the pleasEvery time that you do. Culmer was acquainted with

are of it Ninetyure a minimum. of his Brigham Young and many little girl, to, want if you of for the centper smoke same Smoke them says, he Young,"family. "Brigham "nay,"to say There's you no one

liquor of a drink they takereason 'hot dog,'it's 'putting on the stuff.'The bloomloss of that priceless, fragrant able"was foresight,a man of greatand splendidforce, remarkexec-

Anything like that gets me. Is the only price you'll pay. utive ability, which qualities laid the

"The sweet young thing lights up, Drink if you want to, little girl, foundation for the substantial inhales luxuriously, assumes a bored It's your affair, we know, growth and material prosperity of look, gazing at the world through But civilization follows you Mormon settlements throughout the halfclosed eyes, and naively imWhichever way you go. State."

THE PHANTOM HERD

(Continued from page 409) mules."But if this little introductory HThe next year another caravan of

"The animals, led by their Amerdemonstration was a disillusioning about forty more camels were ican and Oriental drivers, marched example of their "docile and pabrought over, arriving in February, down the gangplank in a most tient"natures, it was certainly no 1857. Troops of them were stadocile manner. As soon as they hit less disheartening than the experitioned at the forts in El Paso, Texas,,

the solid earth, however, their dement of acclimating them to the barand Fort Bowie, Arizona. Another

meanor suddenly changed. They ren wastes of the American Southherd was used in packing freight

became excited and uncontrollable. west. across the plains. Twentythree

had expected ordered to Fort Tejon in Major a were Wayne in effectingThey reared, kicked, cried, broke great deal California. of the camels Southern

halters, pickettheir tore up the "lightning against unsuscharge lines a subject of was much comment A tricks in fantastic otherand engaged ability pecting Indians;"but of camel's in this he was the remarkable

such as pawing and biting each sadly disappointed, for the cameleers finding adequate subsistence in even other. The Texans, at first amused seldom could coax their animals the most barren country, and his

at these antics, became panicabove a walk. And, if it is true that gigantic "drink"of water, which

stricken and fled."for some months the Indians scurwas enough to last him a week or

Of them their admiring comried like mad at the sight of these more. His stamina and endurance

mander had on huge, squealing, biting, "humpcannot be denied. written—possiblytoo slight acquaintance: "They are ed horses,"it was because of the It is not true, as some writers

the most docile, patient, and easily latter's unearthly appearance with have alleged, that the camel experimanaged creatures in the world and rider and load perched ten feet above ment never gave any promise of sucinfinitely more easily worked than their enormous, padded feet. cess. A caravan system had been

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

established by the Army, in 1860, more time, the succeeding generation sters, whose horses and cattle were that has been compared with those of camels would have been more constantly being stampeded by sight of the Orient; and every military adaptable. of them.

post on the principal trail between Yet, notwithstanding the vexaThe Apaches had, in the meanTexas and California had its quota tions and serious difficulties experitime, developed a fine taste for camel of camels. Certain business firms enced by all concerned, there is every steaks, and many a wandering remin San Francisco noted their great reason to believe that real and lasting nant of the herd fell victim to the

freightcarrying value, and an atsuccess might have been the reward warrior's arrows. Regular hunts

tempt was made to introduce them of Major Wayne but for one great were organized, and as late as 1905, for use in Nevada mines. event that dominated everything in some were captured for exhibition But in the end the great "camel American history—the Civil War. purposes; later it was not undream"of the Southwest proved to This dealt it its mortal blow, just usual to catch a glimpse of one or

be a total and costly failure. The when the enterprise seemed to show more of Greek George's "ships of

famous reputation these animals had greatest promise. Wayne resigned the desert"streaking across the sand

his commission to take command of of creatures the he had come to the plains of did Asiaon not—perof Georgia squad troops, and fear. hate fault and of throughhaps the camel a no

engrossed with became itself the on arid wastes and Congress It there unlikely that is extremely—assert matters than camels. more serious of the desert.lava beds American until but survivors today; are any

Horses and mules hated and feared "\X7hat began as an earnest experilife itself flickers out, the veteran them and many stampedes resulted ment resulted in dismal failure. prospector, as he trudges the desothe one ofwhen humpedbacked

tobrutes chanced pass too near. A NorthAs theandWarSouth,ragedthe camelsbetweenbeganthe lateof yesterdaysolitudes betweenand hopefulancientstrikeclaimof

general feeling of antipathy preto disappear. Those at Forts Tejon tomorrow, will continue to see,

vailed, which was shared alike by and Yuma were taken to Benicia around his campfire, the phantom men and beasts. and auctioned off to the highest bidherd, dimly stalking across the

if the leader The mistake seems to have been ders; others were taken to the great moonlit spaces. And

in not importing Oriental drivers Comstock mines, to carry salt. But be whitened by age, even as the old

in sufficient numbers. For it is wherever they went, horses and prospector, that is not strange. Time

true that nobody seemed capable mules refused to stay, and disastrous and the desert do many strange is told of oneof managing the animals except runaways frequently occurred. The things. The story

"Greek George"and "Hi Jolly"board of aldermen in Virginia City hunter who saw "A red camel in (Philip Tadio) and the other foradopted a resolution that "no camels the wilds of the desert with a saddle eign drivers. The teamsters and should appear on the streets except on its back to which was lashed a

army men lacked the necessary pabetween midnight and dawn!"human skeleton."

tience and understanding to manage Eventually every one of the unStrange things indeed tread the the spirited and highstrung creawanted beasts was cast adrift on vast solitudes, and whether they be tures. It was like trying to "teach the great Arizona desert, where they fact or fancy, such is the heritage

an old dog new tricks."No doubt, wandered aimlessly, to the vast anof the desert, which holds many inhad the experiment been allowed noyance of prospectors and teamcredible truths—and mirages.

THE PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM

{Continued from page 397) Mourret, speaks of the government cided the religious future of all of the

...laws against heretics, by which he of,. Theodosius>22 as "gloriously reparatribes of the Germanic race.

gradually deprived them of all right tive. The baptism of the Franks was an

to the exercise of their religion, ex- A number of Germanic tribes had event of immense importance. The

cluded them from all civil offices, and accepted Christianity. The West conversion of a powerful Germanic

( Athanasian ) Catholicthreatened them with fines, confisGoths were in part converted by the people to the cation, banishment, and30 in some Arianthe BiblebishopintoWulfila,the Gothicwho translatedlanguage. GrecoRomanfaith, which wasworld,alsoplacedthat theof sealthecases... with death."

The East Goths adopted Arianism of the definite victory of Christianity

At the instigation of the Athan - in the fourth century. The Lom- (of the Nicene creed) over Arian

asian bishop, Ithasius, a Spanbards at the time of their invasion h33eresy.

ish bishop and six members of his of northern Italy had already adoptThus the faith of the Roman emsect including one woman, were tored Arianism. The Rugi, the Burperors, and especially the faith of

tured and beheaded with the sword gundians and the Vandals, either Theodosius and Justinian, determinat Treves in 385. This "is the only all were or became Arian. Howed the faith of the Christian world.

instance of the bloody punishment ever, the adoption by the Franks of "... it was always to him (the emof heretics in this period, as it is the the Nicene creed was to be decisive peror ) that the council owed its forfirst in the history of Christianity. for all of the Germanic tribes. Clothmation, to him that it looks for its

But the propriety of violent measures ilda, wife of Clovis, was of the program, its general direction, and against heresy was henceforth vinNicene faith; and at the battle of above all for the sanction of its deIf, crees. the to Tolbiac as Theodosius, Clovis empromised (496) ofdicated the even by the 21best is distrustful peror, of formulas a Christian or and (Athanasian becomefathers of the church."emiThe

nent presentday Catholic historian, Nicene) if he were victorious. He is more willing to rely on persons,

was baptized the following Christit is he (the emperor) with whom

Schaff, History of the Christian Church, vol. Hi, p. 143. mas. "The conversion of Clovis de- {Continued on page 438)

aSchaff, History of the Christian Church, vol. ill.

p. 343. 22Mourret, Les Peres de I'Egtise, p. 189. FunkHemiaer, Hhtoire cte VEglUe. p. 191.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

THE PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM The Color of Courage (Continued from page 437) (Concluded from page 402) cheek. No one but Susie seemed to

one is to be in communion. And on government of the Church had benotice Emily's bare feet and the

what does he base his decision? On come despotic, and the people no faded dress she wore.

his personal appreciation of the situlonger had any voice in any matter The First Lady hurried on heration. Theodosius is Nicene, like—not even as to whether they should busy way. The crowd shuffled out

all the occidentals; called to govern belong to the Church or not. Libat a respectful distance behind her.

the orient, he indicates to it as types erty of conscience no longer existed Only the children lingered on.of orthodoxy the bishops of Rome—a real ethical or religious life was "Say, Emily, where's that new

and Alexandria... a bishop, esimpossible. The Church of the dress you said you'd be a-wearin'?"

pecially an important bishop, who Master had disappeared from the demanded one of the older girls.

desires to live quietly in peace, must face of the earth; another that had Emily blushed crimson. Little

be careful not to contradict the oftaken its place did not rest on the Susie could hold her peace no ficial dogmas and, in general, the rock of revelation, but on despotic longer.

manifestations, even34 religious, of the power. "See those red stripes?"she

governmental will."blurted out, pointing a stubby foreUnless additions or changes were finger accusingly at the new flag.

made as divinely directed, it was the "Well, that's Emily's new dress!

duty of the Church to preserve the THE CREEK She cut up the brandnew length of organization, the constitution, and calico herself!"

the doctrines, once given by the By Luacine Clark Fox But here the overwrought Susie

Savior direct or by Him through the 'T'he creek is a dimpling maiden, simply could not go on. With unApostles. The "Universal church"-*- Racing down a mountain path restrained sobs she gave way to her

(now and to remain Athanasian) Between tall trees, grief at last.

Blueshadowed. neither in foundedwas the scriptures fidgeted uneasily. Emily Miss are the traditionsnor in of the Church There put brightfaced flowers smiling up Kinney the around her arm at her.

as recorded in the first two centuries Her dress is ruffled up with foam, child. The others looked at their

writers. Church officersby The in caught flounces of And in teacher amazement. did she Why

pebbles. Held shinythe by Church longer were no the same, blink her eyes say so fast and over are Her feet white and cool and bare,nor the had they powers. same The to herself: and over leave gleaming, a And

Duchesne, Histoire ancienne de VEglise. vol. U, Crystal stream, "Red is for courage. Yes, red is

p. 662. And cascades in their wake. for courage!"

****?B5i JUST WHAT YOUR CAR NEEDS

...for happier trips

Radiator and Fan Belt Checked. This may Pep 88 Gasoline. The climatecontrolled

save you grief on the road. gasoline that gives more power, smoothTires It Checked. pays to be safe. Reness, economy. Before you start

risky tires place with guaranteed Atlas

Tires. It takes only for few minutes a a trained—and service Pep to check over man 88—Vico Battery Serviced.

... your car those and minutes few tener in warm weather.It needs looking at ofwill the spent. well be They hours way—along save you may

Crankcase Checked. A drain and refill later on.

oil or brought up to the proper level—is Unless major repairs are required, you can DRIVE IN AT insurance. engine good

car everything get your needs right Lubrication. Specialized Not just a grease at THIS SIGN station. your neighborhood Pep job, right right lubricant 88—Vico but the in the

places—for your comfort and safety. Drive in. Get set for a carefree trip. MOTORICOOIL

STATIONS EVERYWHERE IN UTAH & IDAHO \PEP88)GASOLINE

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

AN "IDEAL"BOOK OF MORMON GEOGRAPHY (Concluded from page 395) plains, but was near it, as on one east sea: and it was on the south by

occasion Moroni sought to induce the line of the possessions of the the Lamanites to "meet them upon Lamanites."Alma 50:13. This

the plains between the two cities."would place it on the east end of the

Alma 52:20. T. This location is important as

Mulek was one of a number of Moroni was one of the cities which cities which were on "the east sank beneath the sea at the time of borders by the seashore."Alma the crucifixion. Ill Nephi 8:9.

51:26. It was from here that TeanIt would be impossible to place

cum fled northward on one occasion more of the lands in an article of of the the use this length, but with the city of Bountiful.to reach of...for it has no text the chart accompanying and 52:2327.Alma the Book of Mormon many more Thus we establish the land Bounmay be located with surprising acmoving parts in its

tiful to the north of Zarahemla and curacy. Perhaps if all the requirethe City Bountiful in the eastern end ments of the text are considered, the freezing system

of the Land Bountiful. Book of Mormon student may locate

The City of Moroni is also imthe Land of Zarahemla on the presportant to us as it was built "by the entday map.

THE LORD'S WAY OUT OF BONDAGE SERYEL [Continued from page 401) ELECTROLUX pose of the journey was withheld. paying of a full and honest tithing THE (/<U REFRIGERATOR

President Snow answered the call—not only would the Church be

to go, and then wondered and worrelieved of its great indebtedness, ried until further light was given. but through the blessings of the

He finally went to bed and rested Lord this would also be the means fairly well during the night, appearof freeing the Latterday Saints from ing to feel very much better the their individual obligations, and following morning. It was Wednesthey would become a prosperous

day, May 17, the day on which the people.

special conference opened in the Directly on tithing, President tabernacle in St. George. It was Snow said:

during one of these meetings that The word of the Lord is: The time has

President Snow received the renow come for every Latterday Saint, who for the future to calculates be prepared and tithing. revelation onnewed I was

feet founproper strong a to hold his uponsitting the stand, at a table on will the redation, the to of Lord do and porting the proceedings, when all at pay his tithing in full. That is the wordto

once father paused in his discourse. of the Lord to you, and it will be the word

Complete stillness filled the room. of the Lord to every settlement throughout Save with

I shall never forget the thrill as long the land of Zion.

as I live. When he commenced to President Snow then referred to but never hear

speak again his voice strengthened the terrible drought which had conand the inspiration of God seemed tinued so severely for three years in the South. River Virgin andto well The over him, as the as over come Continued low running cost

all its tributaries virtually dry.entire were assembly. His eyes seemed

to brighten and his countenance to One old resident stated: Lasting efficiency

filled with unusual wasshine. He driest in thirtywinter the been has This driest More years of satisfaction the before, the years; winter and revealed to the fivepower. he Then

Latterday Saints the vision that was in thirtyfour years. The Pine Valley Savings that pay for it

before him. Mountains,comparativelyusuallybarren.coveredConditionswith snow,are veryare

God manifested to him there and discouraging to the families of this locality.

lucern drying grain and are The up now notthen the purpose only of the call Here's thrifty: With a word to the

frost the recent with played havoc and theto visit Saints but in the South, 're h*e the a from Gas refrigerator yu grapes. are Prospects discouraging very

also Lorenzo Snow's special mission, mdeed.Salt Lake Herald, May 21, 1899. costly upkeep expense because this

the great work for which God had silent, different refrigerator has no prepared and preserved him, and he Four days later this statement was moving parts in its freezing system.

unveiled the vision to the people. made: No noise, no wear. See the new

He told them that he could see, as he This is the coldest May, and the driest models. Easy terms.

had never realized before, how the year the Dixie people have known. Salt

1899. 25, Herald, May tithing of neglectedlaw by Lake had been FUEL that also people,the the Saints, said, after his reMOUNTAIN President Snow

themselves, were heavily in debt, as turn: SUPPLY COMPANY

well as the Church, and now through All through "Dixie"we found everything 36 SOUTH STATE SALT LAKE CITYstrict obedience to this law—the (Concluded on page 440) Serving 21 Utah Communities

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

THE LORD'S WAY OUT OF BONDAGE [Continued from page 439) dying out. The stock were dying by hunbe faithful to these admonitions. He him one of these reports. After

traveledsee coulddreds; them as we we filled great inlooking carefully with over it he said: power and

nothingalong, of being but was them many feelspiration the wonderful, such with spoke "Wonderful, good and lyingskin bones, and and many down never, I suppose, to get up again. ing that Elder Francis M. Lyman people in 'Dixie'are not only paying

says in his journal: "I was almost onetenth of their income, but they

Tn speaking of these serious drought overcome, could hardly control my must be giving all they have to the conditions President Snow told feelings...."Lord's work!"

the people that if they would observe President Snow, with his party, But the rains did not come, and the law of tithing from then on, and returned to Salt Lake City, Saturthe drought was not broken. Prespay a full and honest tithing, that day, May 27, 1899. During his abident Snow had the daily weather

they might go ahead, plough their sence of eleven days, he visited sixreport placed on his desk which he land and plant the seed; and he teen settlements, held twentyfour carefully looked over, but there were

promised them, in the name of the meetings, delivered twentysix adno indications of any storms moving

Lord, that the clouds would gather, dresses. in the direction of southern Utah.

the rains from heaven descend, their President Snow saw his work Week after week passed and the lands would be drenched, and the very clearly and took hold of it with only word was that southern Utah rivers and ditches filled, and they great energy after his return home. was burning up under the hot sun

would reap a bounteous harvest that The word of the Lord to the Saints and there seemed to be no prospects very season. in the South became God's message of any change.

I was going up Many of the people had become to the entire people, and spread rapOne morning, as so discouraged that they were not idly throughout all the stakes of the stairway leading to father's bedto surprised room, I hear him was to riskwilling of another the seeds the mission fields. Zion and into The

to talking I did not someone. knowplanting, not even and to "Dixie"of had the journey importance many

ploughed their fields. Cattle everygrew as the hearts of the Latterday that anyone had preceded me to his

that morning, wishing but not the country and Saints were dying,where were moved upon by the room quietly to disturb up him, I walked getting parched. spirit of It was the message.was now

leadheavily carpeted the stairway in late in planting the seasonvery instructed President by was Snow his open, ing door to room. was The country,that the here southern and call the to the memorable Lord it, I I this there as reached and saw this the ofProphet Lord wonmade Salt in the assembly Lake solemn prophet, grayhaired aged, on down prediction.derful present Everyone call this for assembly Temple. The his in bedside, his not before kneesin that that congregation vast knew in his originate not mind, did own praying, of seeming the but manner inspirathe speaking underhe was the a from Lord but command was if the to talk to might as he Lord Spirit. of thetion Holy it vision. in revealed The who in presence. right very His been have

father, evening, held 2, mother, assembly and solemn That was July in his heart out pouring He was in together session 10 againI were from the room was in 1899, and in for South. the Saints the pleading

and father walked up and down the o'clock in the morning until after 7 I stood at the open door for a few floor as he had done the previous o'clock in the evening. Such a gathmoments and heard him say:

night, but there was a sweet expresering of Priesthood had never besion of happiness and joy on his fore been held in the Church. All promisesOh, Lord,to thewhygooddidstpeoplethouin makeSt. George,those

face. He talked aloud again, as he twentysix of the General Authorif they are not to be fulfilled? Thou didst

did the night before, and this is what ities of the Church were there. All promise them, if they would accept thy

he said: the forty stakes of Zion and 478 command to obey the law of tithing, thou

Now I know why I came to St. George. wards were represented. The spirit wouldstbless themsend withthe rainsa bounteousfrom heavenharvest.and

The Lord sent me here, and he has a great of the meeting was that of testimony These good people accepted thy word and work for me to perform. There is no misand the promotion of faith, not one are not only paying a tenth of their init. I the see future can great abouttake all offering are they they come, but have affairs. business of temporal and

Ifor the to hardly can and wait Church vindithee. to thy promise keep and Do revelation tithing renewed was The Salt to toget City back Lake commence the of servant cate thy through words

the great work. the theme of all the eighteen adwhom thou didst speak.

dresses. Humble, honest obedience

When the returning party reached to the tithing law became rather a I could not bear to hear any more.

Nephi, where we were to take train spiritual gift and privilege than a I turned from the door with my heart for home, President Snow called the material duty. The solemnity of the bleeding and went down the stairs.

members all together in a meeting occasion was impressed upon the When father came into his office which will never be forgotten by assemblage when President Snow that morning, I noticed that he seemthose who were present. He comled in the sacred Hosannah shout ed discouraged, and seemed to take

missioned every one present to be and pronounced glorious blessings little interest in his work. Still, no

his special witness to the fact that and promises upon the people. report of any rains in St. George.

the Lord had given this revelation to Several days passed. One day there

him. He put all the party under Oresident Snow gathered and was a knock at the door. Brother

covenant and promise not only to compiled data regarding the Gibbs, the secretary, being out, I obey the law of tithing themselves tithes being paid by the people, but answered the call. It was a mesbut also that each would bear witkept especially in mind the Saints in senger boy with a telegram. I signed

ness to this special manifestation and the South. He called for a daily refor it, opened the telegram, and as

would spread the tithing message at port showing the exact amount of I was approaching father's desk, I every opportunity. He made wontithing received from those settlecould see on the face of that telederful promises to those who would ments. I well remember handing gram: "Rain in St. George."I

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

THE LORD'S WAY OUT OF BONDAGE was so happy I could not wait, but God, felt that he had not done N\l/, called out: "Father, they have had enough and wanted to do more.

rain in St. George."There he was in the presence of His

"Read it, my boy, read it,"he Heavenly Father, overcome with joy said, and I read the telegram telling and happiness. The last words I

of a great rain that had come to the heard, as I was returning down the people there, filling the river and its stairs, were: "Thou canst not ask

tributaries and the canals and anything of me that I am not willing BngharaYxing University drenching the entire country. The to do, even though it be the offering i

newspaper account read: of my life, to prove my love for Special per Deseret Telegraph.—St. thee."i announcing—

George, Aug. 2. The long and severe

drought that Dixie has been suffering from \17hen father returned to his office, lastfor the seventeen months broken was filled his face with hapwas this 1.89 inches today morning and at noon his that sure very and I am fell, into piness ofof rain drop every which went

heart was lightened earth.the parched and his difficult i Opportunity. of good that will result will amount The much easier. task made

be great. More rain fell than Dixie has The Lord had spoken. His word

months. are grain crops in twentyhad Her carried of inspiraon the wings the per cent average, the was30 and below

farthest tion to the of the I 3&l you.! \ ends is fruitalfalfa is sufas low, while almost

fering considerably. Little or no water has Church. The spirit of tithepaying

been flowing from Pine Valley for three wrought upon the hearts of the peoBy the time this magazine past, several andmonths towns have ple. The Latterday Saints yielded reaches your hands, the for culinary purwaterbarely had enough

poses. Deseret News, Aug. 2, 1899. honest obedience in the payments of

their tithes, and the relief of the annual catalogue of 1938the Saints given had The Lord Church from its bondage of debt be39 will be off the press. soilsufficient the time to prepare assured. and came

plant the seed. Then, too, the fulfilPresident Snow expressed the deIf you are interested in edment of the prophecy depended upon sire: "Before I die, I hope to see ucation, one of those cattithing law. the ofthe observance the of debt, Church cleared and in alogues is for you wher- a given people wereThe little more financially."position a commanding

than two months to prepare their He knew the Lord's plan would sucever you are. May we not

their tolands prove acceptance and well ceed; under it was and when it send to you? A card will theof them. to Lord's command The Elder he asked way, Rudger Clawit. bring latter part in theprophecy made was the out be would Church son when

its fulfillmentof comwas May, and debt. of Clawson, Brother who had An investment in educaof the the beginning withmenced finanto compile the appointed been

heavy rains on August 2. These cial statistics, replied: "President tion which will develop

rains continued. The crops matured Snow, if you live until the fall of your entire personality is

the reapharvest promisedand was the best one you can faithful Saints in the theed by St. debt,1 905, or,youatwillleast,see ablethe Churchto take outup allof

George Stake. its obligations, if it wishes to do so."make.

Father took the telegram from my President Snow then said: "That

hand, read it very slowly, and after will be fine, Brother Clawson. If

a few moments, got up from his your prediction does come true and desk, and left the office. A little I live to see the Church out of debt,

while afterwards I followed him into we will have a great jubilee in the the house and asked mother where Salt Lake Temple. I will call the Autumn Registration

he was. When she told me she had people together and burn the last

not seen him, I know he must have bonds before their eyes. There will September 23, 24, 26,

gone to his room. I walked quietly be the greatest rejoicing among the 1938

up the stairway and before reaching Latterday Saints that they have the top I heard him talking, as I had ever known."

on the other occasion. I went to his April 5, 1907, President Joseph F.

room and there he was again, down Smith stated at conference:

on his knees pouring out his heart in The tithes of the people during the year gratitude thanksgiving to the and tithes the other surpassed 1906 have of any to Address said: thing year. another say I want to...Lord. He

I of congratulation, so you, and do by way

I Father, to can what do apshow my is, that that the blessings have, and by we for blessing thepreciation hast thou which! faithfulness the the of the of Lord and BRIGHAM YOUNG St. the togiven in people good George? tithing, in their to Saints been able paying

fulfilled to hast thy promiseThou them off indebtedness. our bonded pay Today the vindicated through spokenand words of the Christ of Jesus Latterday Church

servant.thy special show some me Do UNIVERSITY | it that dollar Saints not a cannot owes pay

Ithing to that for do can love prove my last position in are once. at that a At wethee. Provo, Utah as go. not can do have pay we we We

This faithful servant of the Lord, toto ifborrowthe Latterdayany more,Saintsand continuewill nottohavelive "The Friendly School."

who had devoted all his long life in their religion and observe this law of tith- B beautiful and unwavering service to (Concluded on page 442)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

THE LORD'S WAY OUT OF BONDAGE (Concluded 441) page from I. the During Conference, A. Francis M. Elder M. Lyman then

ing. It of revenue is the law to the in officers'of 1899, at the one said: meetarose and Church.

tithings, President on Snow spoke President this I believe of Snow: body President Snow did not live to see ing. his of At the conclusion as clear are about law, admen upon this and

it, as he died October 10, 1901, but dress the following resolution was have about as faithfully met their obligain tions tithing, to regard plan, as Lord's ofthe inaugurated through any body presented B. Elder Roberts: H. by

It in the Church. thing, splendid men is ahim, the in the placed comChurch Resolved: accept the doctrine That we brethren, to for in us to always be shape financial positionmanding tithing, which as of presented President by now will it accept the the of Lord comes. when

as the present Snow, will of the word and foresaw. President Snow

it us, unto all Lord do accept and with we said: President Snow

hearts; it, will our affected, ourselves Visibly observe we President Snow

is tithing of of one the most law The all in will and to our do get the we power arose then and said to ever revealedimportant penman. The Latterday to Saints likewise. do

alty following disobedience to the law of Brethren, the God of our fathers, Abrais shall live tithing that the disobedient not Isaac, bless ham, you. and Jacob, Every unanimously The resolution was the people But through of God.among is here, this has man prommade who who rising to their by all present the blessings of prosperity this law and adopted ise, will in the Celestial saved be Kingdom.

success will be given unto the Saints. feet and shouting, "Aye."God bless you. Amen.

BECKONING ROADS

{Continued from page 399) "No fair bothering the driver."your chance. Snatch your chance."

"That fellow,"the driver exThe shadows were lengthening "He's insolent and rude."

plained, "came in here the same year and the air was keenly cool with the "—and any girl's dream of bliss."

as Ben Wood and Nat Crooks. fragrance of evening when Lynn "You make me weary, Vic."

Father knows all of them. They turned his car back toward the "That is okay by me as long as

had equal chances."ranch. Again he drove slowly and you make good your golden oppor-

"Who is Nat Crooks?"as they neared the Wood fences he tunity."

"He lives farther up the river. sighed again. When the men came back Lynn

a has place has but good he hadHe seemed the happier of the two. much a place! a place! "What What all his days. pennies countto set. "All Start tomorrow."work wasn't I born fifty years ago?"He Why family has a large but hehas manPhyllis her happiness. beamed

aged to educate them. Of his four "Now we can finish our little house."

boys three are staying with the land. /\t the ranch he stopped "I'll have to go back with you to

That shows opportunity has to be the car in front without leaving the get my clothes."

grasped as well as found."county road. They could see Reid "I'll send them over with the mail

"Which proves,"Vera said with dawdling on the front porch. Miss tomorrow."

iinality, "that farming is cuckoo."Meade was there, too, Lynn, Mark, And so the threes drove away

She leaned forward and placed a and Nancy got out and went toward leaving behind a disconsolate man kiss on her husband's lips. the house, Reid stepped off the and an angry girl. They sat on the

porch to meet them. He was aclawn talking jerkily until it was

quainted with the men. Lynn spoke frankly dark; then Mark went to the

The Advertisers, to him about the work. bunkhouse and Nancy to her room.

"I could use another man. Stick She was still angry when she went

and Where You Will Find around a few minutes."He turned into Mr. Wood's room the next

Their Messages to Nancy. There was a glint about morning. She needed some informahis eyes that was an instant chaltion and to show her defiance went

Beneficial Life Ins. Co...-Back Cover lenge. "Too bad you were gone so to the father instead of the son for

441 University Brigham Young As she was leaving the room he long,"he said to her. "A friend of it. -447 Music Daynes Co her. stopped called."446 yours Press Deseret News

is the boss coming?"new "How 433 Eastman Kodak Company friend?"asked "Which Nancy

I Mills 419 Globe well, think. "Very Things move sharply, suspicion to leaping her Fire Insurance 447 Co Home with dispatch."mind. 387 Hotel Lankershim grinned with frank enjoyment. He 389 Auto KenRay Camp friend. friend. "Your boy The last "Riled night, didn't you he?"Station KSL Radio left just before minutes a few He Inside Back Cover heard?""You

L. D. S. Business College 445 you came.""Everything. I might'a told your

Landes Tractor & Equipment Co..388 "You mean Pete was here?"friend the truth but I don't believe Levi Strauss 387

Midwest Dairy 443 "I think that is his name. You in interfering. The window was

Mountain Fuel Supply Co 439 see Jim told me you had gone home open and no one bothered to keep

New Grand Hotel 443 with your friends."their voices down."

School of Beauty Culture.,443 Ogden..443 Nancy's face went suddenly scar- "Then you heard Vera—earlier?"Polk, R. L. & Co

Quish School of Beauty Culture444 let, not that she had been so eager "Couldn't help it."

Electric Schoss Co 443 to see Pete—-but the nerve of it. "Vera talks too much."Shell Oil Co. Inside Front Cover

Utah Engraving Co 435 She turned abruptly and went back "She's got sense, though."He

Utah Power & Light Co..433 to the car. Vera grabbed her joychuckled quietly. "This youngen

Utah Oil Co 438 fully. will feel better now. You like him

"He's jealous, Nanc. Snatch a little bit, don't you?"

a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 193 8

BECKONING ROADS "Yes. Yes, of course, but—scimitar, hung low above the eastern

Was she seeing things or did the hills. And now as she noticed roadsfaded old eyes leap with sudden between the brush she knew someARDEN'S

light? "He wouldn't be bad to team where another road was beckoning,up with, would he?"beckoning insistently! The thought RED CAP

"He's very—eligible,"she anof it was new and terrifying. Would

swered stiffly. her father put his feet to it?

He looked at her sharply. Then She put the car away and as she

suddenly demanded. "Why don't came up the steps Reid rose out of

you go home for a visit. Guess we the dark to open the screen for her. Finer Flavor and Quality

to all the our helpdon't need work "You finally returned?"he barkSee our New Plant

time. father ed. is poorly."I hear your

"I should love it."At the sharp words Nancy step1030 So. Main St.

"Hop to it. Take the small car ped upon the porch. The clear night

and go by yourself."light struck Reid Wood's face. It

;;when?"was pulled into lines of ill humor.

"Right now. When they start "So you are back,"he said again. Let me do your IRONING just

stacking they might need you.""Did I stay too long?"One Week! Signed—Fred Schoss.

"You blessed sinner."Nancy "Yes,"curtly. "There was no

forgave him going."a swift impulsive kiss and reason your fronrtferan to change. father—"But your Takes you off your feet,

"I'm running this spread just now. ask for freetiondemonstraturned the car This happens to be a busy time."Nancy

ibout recklessly and drove out "Oh."This had not been a busy SCHOSS ELECTRICOgdon, UtahCO.

across the sagebrush flat. It was time. Tomorrow or next day when

too dry, this flat, for farming and the stacking had been started—but

it lay much as nature had formed it; not now. In spite of leaving home

MOBE GOODS tracesthe only the of she to nuwere eager been so get had man back. "R.LPolk&Co. THDOUSHHl it It trails to cut that through feelingmerous the good was know of ClMSIflEt)6raKUST5.AKSaWTHttSU) Directory Publisherslike this this that to security her her. brought had one brought work had DIRECTORY Established in Utah

It 1890 satisfyingher her to taking earning. work and be was was now MfOWM,''; -AN* 0eMTMOTHER

District Officeback. forget she for might Another Here and a while wound away

away across the desert until it the fear the insistent new road had 405 Dooly Block—Salt Lake City

merged into others and civilization. brought. Instead she had come

One went up Antelope Creek where back to a sulky employer. Flaming

there were only rocks and scrub anger swept over her and she turned trees. Some merely lead on and on sharply to go inside.

getting nowhere in particular. Life The young man reached a hand to

depended a great deal on the road stay her; and then suddenly she was

one took. Good thing she was cerin his arms and his face was very

tain of hers. close to hers.

She had forgotten how barren life "Don't you dare,"he whispered was of comforts at home. She went huskily, "ever leave me again."

to sleep that night with a deep depression clinging to her spirits and "But I shall."Her voice was cold

with fury. slipped from his She

it not house be shaken. would The

in of paused the darkness and little arms hotter, a little poverty awas "I I shall leave think the doorway.sharper, a little less hopes

I feel it."likethan she had remembered. Adefinitegreat whenever

deal of the time she sat by her father. He stepped toward her but she

"Aren't you getting better?"she fled to her own room. Tremblingly

asked hopefully. she laid aside her things and made

for bed. ready problems Home simply. "I he answered "No,"am forgotten feel were could now. She better."not getting GRAND NEW H. M. THOMPSON acutely his the possessiveness of OVfC M.n., interest in avid took an her He f\%Jt arms. insouciance he what With I CLiSTREET TH AND MAIN AT FOURTH SOU toconversation but she tried when girl could to anfrom swing one

sit by him and tell him about her other. But she found her anger ebbexperiences words failed her. Haping. Vera had been right. She laypenings seemed so trivial compared staring into the patch of light that ENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW

bafflingwith the farseeing, through her unblinded winlook in came $25. Discount Complete on ahis eyes. her thoughts With him lovely dow. road was IN BEAUTY CULTURE COURSE A lovely,

stood A State Accredited School still. Words inviting stumbled over opening, and intriguing—her tongue. awkward to road that would lead the Land of

Then all too quickly the visit was Her Heart's Desire. She was glad Ogden School of Beauty Culture

over and she was coming back she had bought a new dress in Blaine Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN, UTAH across the flat. The sky was alight today. Name with stars. The moon, a silver ( To be Continued) Address City..State

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

love of directs man for man seldom SERVE YOUR "OWN GENERATION it office. in public men shame To our

(Continued from page 393) many men in public office, high and natural wants of His children on dations have tried to protect themlow, in the midst of personal disearth shall be supplied, in return for selves against the insidious, soulhonesty and corruption, pretend to their willingness to work. Beyond destroying evil of covetousness. serve their fellow men. They are all

that, every man must move on as his The covetous man is useless in the wouldbe dictators of different denatural gifts may permit. service of his generation. Gold, grees. There is but one way to corclean house, to such position evil—to property, be rect must N THE solution of this fundamental lands, office, turn of public out the rogues only,I sought for good purposes and

and difficult problem, you will be must be valued as means to an end, and for you and other men of hondriven to teach your "own generanot as ends in themselves, and thus est, righteous outlook to take their tion,"weakened by its own conceit, they must be used. The hoarder or places. The fight against covetousthe few and simple principles by miser is a menace to his generation. ness and for human liberty will be

which economic safety is won and It must also be said that in separt of your.campaign for man's

It will not beestablished. Every man by labor curing a better economic order the economic sufficiency.

must contribute to his own and the hardwon liberties of men must be a pleasant job, perhaps, but there of hisworld's wealth, sweat part of hesitancy by the on the be no preserved. has fought his way must Man

life's happiness; must earn thebrow he duty. in accepting educated men superstition, ignorfrom upward,

he must guard carefully against ance, degrading poverty, torture, In bringing about a better economic the waste of his hardwon gains, and slavery. Centuries have been world you will indeed be of service

that is, he must be thrifty; he required and lives sacrificed, not to to your "own generation."

must live upon his own wealth, speak of the squalor and ills of milThe third great problem of life others, of that thatnot upon I last, that desire and the to mention lions, that the freedom win men is, his live within he must own if largest involves duty your you think, to freedom now possess—to relegating the to thus debtmeans, serve to generawish your "own act, speak, the ento under law—toto the strong heap;rubbish must and tion."its joy the bounties. earth In and

help the weak, that is, those who recent years, under the specious preOur times are unsurpassed in those give to havehave must who Galileo Since dropped better that tense provision be knowledge. may

It willnot. not task be an easy the leaning of stones from tower material for man's wants, and to made

make men accept these teachings, in that greater equality shall prevail, Pisa, man's conquest of nature's a world diseased from false philosdishonest or misguided men are atsecrets has gone forward at an acophies, but you must not falter in tempting to lead mankind back into celerated pace. The sciences have

your attempts, if you would serve the horrors of the dark past, where revealed undreamedof mysteries your "own generation,"dictators determine the course of of nature. Man, who is never conDo not forget, however, that at individual lives. The lesson of histent with merely knowing, has

ofthe our economic bottom the forces of nature under is clear. is brought chaos, tory happiness Human

factor,as lies the horrible major a to his control, them and reduced of individual the product freedom, as,disease of covetthe soul known in of humanity. the house the the group. under law of Any servitude

affect orousness, rich which may does of a hunthe work principle that spells departure from A machine poor. That must be fought and conbondage and misery for man. dred hands; we move with incredquered, before our economic system If that truth has not been made, ible swiftness over land and sea; the

can be fully righted. Covetousness in a spiritual sense, flesh of your spoken word is heard around the

means love of material things for flesh and bone of your bone, your world; comforts and luxuries surthemselves. The intense desire for training has been a dismal failure. round us; the kings of the past were

dulls property,gold, fame, or honor the average with compared obliged, be are to beggars if you You will every as becomes human sense, It is a marvelous age man of today. it serve to fight generation"your "own

were an anaesthetic to the spiritual tyranny, the foe of liberty, whatof unequalled progress.

cruel,nature; becomes and man allever its masquerading be, it is not must confess, name may Yet we careless of his fellowharsh, miserly,

It will whether progress. at home or abroad. around progOur moral

men. Rightminded men, to whom be a worthwhile battle, for human ress has lagged behind fearfully. recognizedwealth have has come, will happiness at stake. be actually to seems have been reIt may It

giftsthis danger, and founand by of life's battles. be the sorest your for tarded eager search us in our by

morally, but notBE INDEPENDENT HThehavebattleto beginagainstat home.tyrannyThemayatnewwe havematerialprogressedvictories. Of course,

No Other Vocation So Profitable tempt to deprive men of their libenough; for, as man wins new connature, quests over powers and new erties, which to reduce them means ENROLL NOW

in placed his hands, he requires slavery, in selfishness, shall are roots at the to Course For a Complete

I say, again, covetousness. In our sturdier moral strength to use his

Quish School of Beauty Culture own republic, where democracy new gifts.

The Best in the West should rule, the political boss, big Note some of our present condi336-340 S. Main, American Bldg., or little, is usually impelled by selftions. Crime is rampant. Murders

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ish motives. He cares little for the are commonplace. College graduFor Further Information liberty of the group he seeks to conates are confined with those less inor Catalog Call trol. He tyrannizes as far as he formed in the penitentiaries of the

7560XS*% Wasatch or thinks it safe. The vast majority of land. Much scientific invention is This Fill in

***. Coupon politicians are more concerned with being used to injure or destroy man.

political plums than with governThe methods of warfare have never mental principles. Unfortunately, been so dastardly and frightful. As

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

is truth. science // religion and Both SERVE YOUR "OWN GENERATION essential in their religion are drawn

far as the law permits, fraudulent telligence in the universe may not knowledge and conclusions from the articles are hawked over the counenter the portals of science. Many same unseen universe. Three huntry. Stimulants, narcotics, habitbe- thoughtful, educated men have dred years of scientific exploration

getting drugs, to whip nerves into come to believe that in this view has established one thing above all action or to render them insensible, lurks the most persistent danger to others: the unseen world is real, for

are publicized with the greatest alour civilization. out of it has come the major part of

lure and at staggering costs. ForAs a result of this placement of our scientific possessions. The one

tunes are being built up, from sales religion, conduct or proper use of chief claim of religion is the reality to the unwary or the weak, and the man's faculties, which is a product of the unseen world. Religion and

owners claim respectability. The of religion, is often left a foundling science are but parts of one whole.

volume of theft, lying, and corrupon the doorstep of man's discovered There is unity in all nature. Relition in public and private places house of truth. If conduct is gion in its broad aspect is the philseems out of strange consonance touched at all, it is a part of ethics, osophy of all knowledge; it is the

with our gains over the physical by which men live to some degree system that directs all knowledge universe. In the midst of mental righteously, because, selfishly it is towards human welfare; science in

plenty there remains moral poverty, wise to do so, not because it conits common meaning is but a handUnder the effulgence of our intelforms to the higher will and wisdom. maid of religion.

lectual light, nations are actually Society becomes a lifeless, souliess, Tf humanity continues to accept planning to return to the chained though mayhap an efficient machine, the gifts of science apart from recalled longconditions ethics; have which governed unwe by when when ligion, will truths the old vansaving

It is incredible it ages.the dark an the religion of der sun dewarm will earth, the ish seek from and men

situation, velops, grows, a as behaves and ruthless, loveless their to win by way the lag all. moral has living been evident blessing organismCo Men will end. the be methods. Chaos

are that it but unless religion has automatons been proof mankind service rendered will be A noble into their lives, enters declare that civilized anposed man teach generation"if you your "own intellectual moratorium until the The forgetfulness of religion is with all your might that all knowlworld's morality catches up with our sterilizing the world. In the cold edge, all good comes from one

present scientific knowledge. That, view of material science lie the seeds source, the eternal God. By that

of course, should not be done. There f ev il s that threaten the destruction token alone will conduct under

must be no cessation of progress in f human life, liberty, and happiness. God's law, save the generations of

any department of human activity. It should not be so, for the objective men from their own folly.

Rather, the way out is to give more f science is truth; the objective of (Concluded on page 447)

attention to the moral advancement and safety of mankind.

Nothing can be more important Returned Missionaries Keep Alive the Spirit of Their Missions for the protection of human welfare. MISSIONARY CLUB, L. D. S. COLLEGE—193738

It is the moral nature of man that directs the intellect in all human relations. Proper conduct is a product of morality. Take away moral

direction and the conduct of man cannot be foretold—it may bless or

curse; it may heal or kill; it recognizes no law save its own whim and

safety.

What is the way out? How may

the moral actions of the race be accelerated? That is a heart cry of

the world. Here religion enters.

Morality without God is ethics;

morality with God is religion.

Perhaps science, itself, in this age of science, is to blame. Man's present wealth of knowledge is so enormous that no one man can possess

more than a small fraction of it.

Consequently it has been divided into many disciplines, and the subFirst Row: J. W. Fair, Logan; Gladys Crolley, Bethune, So. Carolina; Rella Anderson, Idaho

division continues. Each branch has SecondFalls;Row:HarrietBergerYates,Kleven,Lake Point;Salt LakeElsieCity;Adams,GeorgeDouglas,Peterson,Georgia;Salt LakeGeorgiaCity;Erickson,Donald Vernal.Taylor,

City. City; Salt Sperry, Salt Harrison Ephraim; Tingey, its Lake Lake Frank of methods and own instruments

Miller, City; Salt Grove; Pleasant Walker, Third Hodgson, Lake Wendell Row: John Dean division, one approach. Men in Salt Lunt, Victor City; Burke Salt Lake Venice; Arthur Jones, City, Warren Logan; Degn, Lake

hemmed in by their manmade walls, ThisSutton,club,Salt sponsoredLake City. by Eugene C. Hinckley, provided programs for many Sacrament

often know little or nothing of other Meetings in Salt Lake City and neighboring stakes. The organization fosters spiritual, scholasdivisions. In the midst of this protic,periodand'social activities, thus helping returned missionaries through the difficult readjustment

fusion, religion has been set aside as Your name and addressALWAYS,on a cardSTUDENTwill bringWELFAREfull information.COMES FIRST1

totally different from all other branches of human experience. 70 North Main StreetL. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGESalt Lake City, Utah Moreover, whatever savors of in445

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938

Solution to June Puzzle Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—Pauline Precepts (I Thess. 5:15)

A L T N XX U S T $ i> V E s D E X o T E A R r XX 1 N # B 8 w E E E L Y 3 $ $ U E L L \ $XN o D & kX W $:-'-: T* fk c L E F A X A X

H * F "R fe r N D u E $ N E D 58 s E? A C T &

K "R s E A S E. w I $ L S X X. N1 G 1 A x$ $

S H L E A 1 F A p % E T E N S B X X M E $ w E & F A i 1 N T, N oNQ.4QT

ACROSS

1 "Quench not... Spirit"37 Part of the foot

4 "... your own selves"39 Father of Joshua

8 "But let us,... are of the day"40 General Secretary

11 Seven, a combining form 42 King of Bashan 12 Revived 43 Possessive pronoun 14 Epistle that Paul wrote 44 "Faithful is he.. calleth you"

15 Our country 46 "even as others.. have no hope"

16 Style of painting 48 Small area

19 51 "I am made all... to all men"God in Hebrew names ( jo ore to the 6j 17 "be patient toward... men"50 Translation halloo 21 Sportsman's 53 Told

23 "nor the... by night"(pi.) 56 Land measure

Jjriae... 2426 Hawkeye"..., soStatewouki we have it"5857 "ForPaul countsthis...as onethe will of God"

27 Clothing 59 "zealous of... works"

..."of the 60 "the day Lord cometh

as 4 E are prepared, now, 2931 "and"they. shall.. theturntraditionsaway theirwhich ye in the a thief night"...

taught"have been before, ever than more brethren, "Therefore, is Text Thessalonians from stand..."Our 4, the 32 to with supply you

34 Burden 17, 32, 19, 31, 44, 46, 58, and 59 smartest and most Influenza 36 combined modern wedding stastyles, tionery. new New DOWN of types, methods new

Epistles art beside to the... were thyself; 1 Both 23 "thou much constantly are treatment learning written doth thee..."by 4 down make

being developed to bring 2 False fruit of a rosebush (var.) 25 "ye that ride on white..."

is tenth the in part an omer 28 to this names style Hebrew God 3 "Now smartness and.".. of an 30 Athenian adgreat your feature of

"..., apostle to called of be an "Esau 31 a cunning was prices are 4 venture. And..."..."Christ"the Jesus waters "and 32

most reasonable. Call or 5 4 down was this when he "stood 33 Anything

write today. in the midst of Mars'hill"35 Greek letter

6 Old Dominion 38 "lest that by any means, when I 7 Marbles and watches bear this have preached to..."

name 40 Festivals Cshe JJeseret Q\ews Jrress 8 "the shadow of thy..."(sing.) 41 Let it stand

9 Ruler of district in old Norway 45 Son of Lotan Gen. 36: 22

29 Richards Street, 10 Song 47 Son of Enoch; raid (anag.)

Salt Lake City 1318 GlassesChrist, the divine word 4952 ConstellationAnimal

The leading printers in the West for Eighty years 20 "..., every one that thirsteth, 54 For example

come ye to the waters"55 "... it heartily, as to the Lord"'

22 "..., not so, my Lord"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1938 // C K=><xr* ><=x>o<xrx x=xo<xcx >c=< ><zxyxx=xx<y SERVE YOUR "OWN GENERATION 5 (Concluded from page 445) GIVE MORE

Faith in God, the first principle which to build all successful life. THOUGHT TO MUSIC

of religion, is the key to real, not Without recognition of them and seeming, progress in our restless obedience to them, there can be no to one's is faith It that the naservice age. chaotic "own generation"i 5 generation. nation or any other beloved tions need, our own

included. We have thought that You are going out to serve your

knowledge, alone, had saving "own generation."Remember the

power, but we have learned to our end of the sentence, "by the will of sorrow that we cannot substitute God."You must find the Maker of

the automobile for honesty, the airthe Heavens and the Earth; you i i

love. for virtue, or the radio for faith establish must in your own

i It over that costs mastery thought more, have no usually not as much, souls men; must you and amongWeplane

to purchase your musical instruments electricity gas, would steam, and for guidto teach look upward men from a firm of are where sure you qual- 5 reliability service. best and The and in life. i defeat us from render immune surance; knees your you must upon

is desirable ity,most merchandise always issues that the teaches 5 But life sold the best dealer. for by divine Write catthe to of render purpose—then alogues information and concerning anyin- man's birth above death rise and forth to serve go i you in power may thing you need. 5 may

ventions, and that the most learned your "own generation."5

his grief in go PIANOS—ORGANS carry heart and may to resolve asked I have you to I

life's eternal conquered by down BAND INSTRUMENTS generation,"serve your and "own 5 realities. Largest stock of fields of three have spoken in which

sicians'supplies in the Intermountain i

West. We have thought to set up a sosuch service is greatly needed: Sheet Music and Mucial structure built on scientific facts Education, Economic Betterment,

and have found that human kindand Moral Improvement. If you ac- i

ness, as of brother to brother, has cept the advice, you will find life 5 DAYNES filled exciting, high, adjoyous with of success the the vendetermined MUSIC COMPANY great venture. render can life's you tried And to read have ture. We So. 47 Main Street—Salt Lake City, Utah 5 in surservice day, your but if you halls science in of riddles the and Successors

Consolidated Music I toCompany the 5 completely to yourselves cry render invention, found have our and 5 Daynes BeebeandMusic Company jjechoing in empty rooms. We have changeless, timeless principles of

sought for joy in the conquests of righteousness, the only safe insurman; but have found it in selfcon- ance of men or nations against disquest, upon our knees before the aster. Service can never rise above

Lord. We have found that "there personal virtues. Your own integfirst rity constant your be must and in heavenborn, is a spirit man,"

if concern, serve are to your NOBODY CAN you journey be mustwhich fed if life's shall be sweet. It has been good to "own generation."STOP LOSS.

return from the icy corridors of the Do not fear. Go out to conquer.

stand His laws, As youfaithforgotten for God and to the soulmind principles of EVERYBODY true to the unchanging of religion, of God.warmth

will righteousness, benyou become CAN AVOID Faith is light; it means knowledge race. so efactors of the They who

of God, the certainty of His existlive are not weaklings, but strong, IT THROUGH ence. Faith gives desire and positive men. They have opinions, INSURANCEstrength to do the will of God. based on carefully won truth which

Faith directs man in all his actions, they are ready to express and deIt enables man to convert hate into fend. They cannot stoop to untruth

love. Faith blesses, makes men for personal advantage. They have

glorithe enlightens mind,mighty, philcorrect character. a them, To here you come When life.fies ultimate conquerors The life is of worth osophy human more it, for insurance get you faith. will Beof earthof be men political party. them, than what To attentive, coupled with faith retreats.fore every enemy a than does means more what man service. experienced This is faith; land our of need The traditions says. them, must he To of the an agency Utah is faith. citizen of everythe need truth. rule the of tested be by Fire Insurance Co. By isHome solution will to be noThere the our them, forward world has moved

problems except upon the terms of through the dark and the middle faith. Only those who seek partages into this day of unequalled ennership with God, through faith, can lightenment. By them, men have

conquer, be they presidents, kings, won their freedom of thought andor dictators. speech, political equality, and a UTAH HOME FIRE

The fear of God has ever been measure of economic sufficiency. By INSURANCE CO.

the beginning of wisdom. It means them, the problems of the future will

compliance with the divinely given be solved, and all men be fed, Heber J. Grant & Co.

codes of conduct, which have built clothed, and sheltered upon our General Agents character into man's structure. The bounteous earth. They are the able Salt Lake City, Utah

ten commandments and the beatimen who serve their "own generatudes are yet the best foundation on tion by the will of God."

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY forth a bottle of water and a bottle of whiskey and set them tin can. old glasses pulpit the with together and an two

are each and two indispensable AY Can words—and other into glass the the into water and poured one some has a onJake

properly that respected. means should meaning be May tin the glass produced he whiskey. can from Then, some

ability: the permission: of Mthe asking I go? means Can May glass. in large placing each one worms, two worm The

Can we by searching find truth? the water kept wiggling continually while the worm in thein

"A SUMMARY OF IMPORTANT THINGS"whiskey"Now,"diedaskedafterJake,a few"canconvulsiveanyone struggles.tell us the moral of this

Dear Editors: little illustration?"

little readily volunthe first on row A wideeyed at here school in the teaching school Church been Have teered: whiskey!"have "If you Deaconworms—drink for years found the past Texas, Kelsey, and have two The Canada. Jensen, Submitted Verdun, Ivan Quebec, by information in help securing on valuable a Improvement Era

various Church activities and religious topics. When one is

a long way from Utah this magazine practically gives a SOUND DOCTRINE things that of the important summary

Saints. Christ of Latterday Jesus Church of are happening in the TheFaith,Sundaybut theSchoolteacherclasswaswasnot learningparticulartheto Articlesexplain theof

Very sincerely yours, meaning or make sure that the pupils understood what they

J. Reed Noyes. were saying. When it came time for little Mary to repeat

-- Article 2, she arose and said: "We believe that man will be

March 7, 1938. punished forSubmittedhis nonsenseby Leahand B.notLyman,for Adam'sBlanding,transgression."Utah. Dear Brethren:

just received my March number of The Improvement IF ALL THE CHILDREN WERE PLACED END TO

I Era. I'm always glad to have it. I'm happy to say that END!

[last the help Director to place to year] be and asked I was little heard Willie morning, School one was Sunday Era After in every home. of lovely Saints sing: the "In to Deseret our where God

it will the missionaries and get glad our I'm so know Era children all around."of met, a mile There's or two have

friends. make many Blanding, Utah. B. Leah Submitted Lyman, by

Mrs. Hoopes, Lenzy

Washington, Utah. A SOFT ANSWER

a Utah, Layton, came is now THANKS FOR fifties. to he failed THE GENEALOGICAL To beggingA crudeIndian,log hutin inthewhatearly When DEPARTMENT

May 19, 1938. get all he asked for, he grunted and exclaimed: "Me shoot!"

Dear Brethren: The husbandman (Lewis Whitesides) retorted with a withering Stake, of the Sacramento Committee Genealogical WE,the

in the h—lookareandyoupiercinggoing tovoice,shoot?"the following challenge: "Who for including sincere appreciation express our wish to

Indian dropped his haughtiness and answered The wily feel the great section. a Genealogical your magazine We chicken.""Me shoot in the this and shyly: responsibility of Church most important work

welcome any suggestions and help you can offer through this Submitted by E. M. Whitesides, Layton, Utah.

, j AMONG OUR TRIALS department.We sincerely thank you for your interest.

Sacramento Stake Genealogical Committee hile teaching a lesson in fourth grade history class, on

I told Indian of the pioneers, of Utah, and the settlement Chairman. Y. Smith, Luther

Salt to route of the pioneers en and hardships 1st Counselor. Wdepredations Roberts, Llewellyn

Wm. AndrewJ. Barnes,L. Harmic,2nd TempleCounselor.chairman. LakeWinterCity.quartersI alsoon amentionedcold winterthe night.number of babies born at

Iris H. Smith, Secretary. After the lesson was finished, I asked the question: "What

was one of the great trials of the Pioneers?"

raised promptly, and he confidently boy's hand was A little WHAT IT MEANS "OUT THERE""Babies."April 27, 1938. replied: Dear Brother: Sorensen, Utah. Submitted Lewis by Mrs. Redmond,

are indeed grateful for the excellent work of our Era WEDirectors. We have continually aimed high, but ever THOU SHALT NOT COVET

instilled in our minds the thought The that we wanted was

Flora Mae, age five, came home from kindergarten one of Latterday in the Saints (and homes Improvement Era others) where that "Voice of the Church"might sound, again day and while relating her experiences said:

and again. To a Church founded upon continual revelation, "Mother, all the children wanted the cookies you gave me

no Latterday Saint can expect to keep up with the Church in my lunch today."

unless he has that "Voice"coming to him regularly and then Mother: "Didn't you give them some? You usually divide

guides his thoughts and actions accordingly. One dear Sister, with them."

having joined the Church against family, and a whole city Flora Mae: "No, 'cause these were special good cookies

till they today, kept but I finally asked wanting so them much her, President of pitted against when we were speaking didn't that the ten of they them if commandments one know I feel that said, "I Grant, Era, and have The Improvement

I know President Grant and the other Presidents as if I had said 'you mustn't want what your neighbor has got'."

Mrs. Mr. and W. E. Larsen, met known them all my life. I couldn't Submitted by them personally—and St., 342 Virginia. Bridge Waynesboro, the Era."do without

Grateful for such labors, and for your gracious acknowledgments, I remain, STORIES OF HISTORIC TREES SOUGHT

Sincerely your brother, for Forester Extension Utah, Floyd, de- J. Whitney Ellsworth, George Mr. sires information individuals or communities which any A., Supervisor Mission of M. I. location the trees. of outstanding concerning have may He States. North Central

like tree for the tallest in example, the to know, would where

WORMS—PLEASE NOTE stateor anyis whichlocated;havethe historicaloldest; theinterest.one withIf theyoulargesthave anydiametersuch

ld Jake Collins stood behind the pulpit discoursing enerinformation, you are invited to forward it to Mr. Floyd, in care o getically on the "Word of Wisdom."Presently he brought of the Extension Service, Logan, Utah.

are, left to picture in the right, back Orchestra members bass; Os-; Shirl Thayne, Virge Frances drums; Dimond, row:

borne, piano. Middle row: Ralph Eskelson, Ralph Jacobsen,

clarinet; Lee, guitar; Rawlings, and Glenn saxophone

left, director, the Halliday, at music KSL's Top Gene cello; Morrison, trumFrewin Jorgensen, Seare and Dan MiltOge of for he has the console over presided which Organ KSL Earl Kevitch, Tanner, WilFront row, pets; trombone. Reed plans Halliday years. prepares Musiand your Mr. many violins; violin, Roylance, Grove, liam Kaye Hardiman, Erma this station. cal for 15piece Center, KSL's entertainment reeds. and oboe assotop, Below, William orchestra. concert Hardiman,

ciate orchestra director, and, bottom, Glenn Lee, master of ceremonies and director of many KSL musical shows.

?r.... ana snow.55**\ rt ra<* 1"Here to X l**ffi$. a k

areSP tenU.bers.a'S-

KSL. "bance. VlCn pres on *ne r. The Voice of the West moment- *P

used. fast's roustcai * r USTe Columbia's 50,000 watt

addeo affiliate in Salt Lake City. air, an

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE SERVES PROGRESSIVE CITY OF OGDEN,

NORTHERN UTAH AND SOUTHERN IDAHO

BEAUTIFULLY situated, the progressive city of Ogden, one of Utah's foremost cities, with a populatio nof 41,500, gateway to beautiful Ogden Canyon, is quick to take advantage of life insurance and its many benefits.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY serves Ogden, Northern Utah and Southern Idaho with an efficient staff of 16 insurance experts who are helping to preserve community progress and welfare. They represent one of America's

leading Insurance companies with a high rating which has served Utah notably for 38 years.

Investigate the many advantages of insuring with BENEFICIAL and learn how every policy holder participates in the net earnings of the company. Assets total more than thirteen million dollars. All are invited to get in touch with the local

representatives, or, to write the home office, and benefit by our policies to fit every need.

M9M Home Office—Beneficial Life Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

heber j. grant, president

NORTHERN UTAH & SOUTHERN IDAHO AGENTS

DAVID PETERSEN General Agent T. Leslie F. Norton R. Remington P. Black W. Parley

E. Baird Oliver R. S. A. Leon Mathews H.TolmanThomas Davis N. Roy

L. F. Gammell Leslie Reed Shepherd James Dunford Israelsen John

B. S. Trowbridge E. Miller W. Burgi James George P. M. Stoker