/MmprouementlEraVDL. 48, NO. 7 JULY NINETEEN HUNDRED AND FORTYFIVE

PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

n an all GAS kitchen

You, as a homemaker, are entitled to new freedom from

things that make housekeeping a chore. An attractive

Modern... kitchen such as this, with automatic gas appliances and

stepsaving arrangements, assures more freedom, as well

Practical...

as pride of ownership. When you plan your new modern

kitchen, specify gas cocking, hot water service and refrigeration—for long time satisfaction.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities

fcxpl&unq Headin Home for

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. A Glass

'"Phe white lines on streets to indicate traffic lanes were suggested at Boston, Mass., by Lt. Albert Geiger, Jr., in ofMilk and1919, to help handle the traffic during

the Boston police strike.

HpHE Chinese, one of the earliest users of the compass, call it the "needle pointing to the south."The distinguishis the placed magnet's on ing mark cfontyiBi

in tosouthern contrast end the European practice of the north end.

HPhe Rhine River begins in Switzerland in Canton Grisons from two main streams fed by 150 glaciers. The GRHHRMS

total watershed area is a little less than half in Germany. The Rhine increases

from about 1250 feet wide at Bonn, to 1700 at Cologne and 3250 feet at Wesel, and is deep enough for 4000 tonships to go up to Mannhein. PURITY

Ctainless steel stockings is a post- *"* war possibility. Steel threads about

1/500 of an inch in diameter are already made for war purposes, though not quite "sheer,"still they are smaller than serviceweight stocking threads. Such

perfectly flexible steel threads could probably be knitted on regular machines, and have the advantages of greater strength than textiles and areeasier to wash and quicker to dry. -Or- \> BETTER GROWTH w,

Tew plastic eyes have been developed which will not break when dropped for on a hard surface.

Experiments have found that birds, including homing pigeons, cannot "fly blind,"and that when they meet fog or clouds when released from an airplane they set their wings in a glide and land at once. Sometimes the birds even, J?B,.,,.,.,:;. /W,,

go into a tailspin and kill themselves in collision with the ground.

4 With its vitamin D richness increased to 400 units (three times its 7V substitute for blood plasma has former sunshine vitamin D content) Sego Milk supplies babies and been developed by Drs. Dan H. growing children with the milk food substances and the protective

Campbell and Linus Pauling of the Calinourishment high authorities say are needed to assure better bone fornia Institute of Technology. Oxypolygelatin, from simstructure and tooth development, and better overall growth. Ingelatin, is a made

ple, cheap, nonpoisonous protein, THE cluded among the authorities are the Council of Foods which in tests on volunteer patients has STANDARD of the American Medical Association and the National restored and maintained the blood presOF Research Council.

sure and blood volume. HIGHEST

4 QUALITY If you have a baby who needs milk from a bottle, half the deaths from whoop-A lmost ask your doctor about the new Improved Sego Milk.** in States the are ing cough United

it is being sold atof babies less than seven months old. Although triplerich in vitamin D

Tests by Drs. Wallace Sako and W. L. no increase in price.

Treuting on inoculations with whooping cough serum of babies under two and sEGQ Segd Milk Products Gdmpanythree that threequarters found months of in the Evaporated Milk Intermountain Westof them response to prove enough had &'OriginatorOriginatorof in Milk the Intermountain Evaporated Westthe of early immunization. value

{Concluded on page 381 *- 377 july, mm

Uke Lcover ke Lnurck of Ike

cover month's This of Jir reproduces one recent photothe more 11 a.m.,

portraits PresQmpTOMt July 22, 1945; of graph

ident George Albert Mountain War Time Smith, eighth PresiJULY, 1945 VOLUME 48, NO. 7

of of dent the Church OF VOICE THE CHURCH""THE of LatterChrist Jesus Dr.nion,Adama memberS. Benof Mutual Improvement Official Quorums, the Priesthood Organ of

day Saints. For articles Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward the General Board of

on President Smith's Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of the Deseret Sunday life and lineage and acLatter-day Saints School Union, will be tivities, see the June the speaker on the na1945 issue of The Imtionwide Columbia provement Era, pages Church of the Air to 335, 336; and also in be heard from 1 1: 00 to

this issue, pages 388, 11:30 a.m., Mountain

390. President Smith War Time over KSL

also succeeds President The Editor's Page George Albert Smith 387 and other stations of

Joseph F. Smith and the Columbia BroadPresident Grant as The casting System, SunEra's Improvement His day

alsenior editor. ( See;<"Piosubject, Julywill22, 1be945

so The Editor's Page, President George Albert Smith John D* Giles 388 neers of Freedom."

page 387.) The Smith Family in the Leading Councils of the Church 390 TabernacleMusic will beChoirby andthe The President of the Quorum of the Twelve—George Organ, with the broadFranklin Richards.. Bryant S. Hinckley 391 cast originating in the

A Regular FirstClass Guy.Marvin O. Ashton 393 TabernacleSquare in onSaltTempleLake Evidences and Reconciliations: XCIV—How Is a President City.

of the Church Chosen? John A* Widtsoe 405

The Church Moves On 401 Ward Teaching...410

Priesthood: Melchizedek 406 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column....407

Aaronic 409 Genealogy 408 Change of Address:

Jpeclal>p jr&eatured quiredFifteen fordays'changenoticeof adre-

WAR LOAN Microbes in a Changing World—Part I...Thomas L* Martin 392 dress.change,Whenpleaseorderingincludea

The Contributions of Mormon Recreation.Eldon D. Brinley 394 stencil impression from a

of the recent issue magaWinters Life Story of Augusta A Mormon Wife—The changes Address

... Mary Grant Grant—VII unless Judd 396 cannotzine. be made

Editors Subscription Campaign Again Sets New High Mark 398 the old address as well as

George Albert Smith The Spoken Word from Temple Square....Richard L. Evans 402 the new one is included.

John A. Widtsoe The Masaokas—A Brief Saga Alma O. Taylor 420 Executive and Editorial

Offices: Girls Frankthe Universe, Exploring Homing: Are Becoming Editor Managing Street, North Main 50 Pursuers? 412 lin S. Harris, 377 Jr Henry Bowman

L. Evans Richard Salt 1, Utah. City Lake B. Corner, Cook's Josephine

in Military Training Universal Nichols 413 Peacetime 379 Editors Associate Copyright by 1945 Muthe 416 Bookrack On

Marba C. Josephson Telefacts 381 The Earthworm, Winifred tual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young William Mulder Kallikrates Epistle of and Heath 418

(on leave ImproveMutual Men's for the the with the armed TheBaptism Dead, Ariel 419 From News Camps forces) of the ment Association L. and Crowley 432 386 Your Page Ours

Church of Jesus Christ of General Manager Latterday Saints. All

George Q. Morris (L*diLonaii rightstion price,reserved.$2.00Subscrip-a year,

Associate Manager George Albert Smith, President of the Church of Jesus Christ in advance; 20c single

Lucy G. Cannon of Latterday Saints John A. Widtsoe 404 copy.

Business Manager The First Presidency of the Church of Jesus Christ of Office,EnteredSaltat Lakethe City,Post

John D. Giles Latterday Saints John A. Widtsoe 404 Utah, as secondclass

George F* Richards, President of the Council of the Twelve matter. Acceptance for

National Advertising.—- - - John A. Widtsoe 404 mailing at special rate of

Representatives postage provided for in section 1103, Act of OcFrancis M. Mayo,

tober, authorized 1917, City stories, f-foeh Salt. Lake

1918. July 2,

S. Townsend, Edward Era Improvement The Where There's a Style There's a Way

Francisco and. San is for unnot responsible King Bleecker 400 LaRene

Los Angeles manuscripts, but Katharine Fool's Hill Werbach contributions. 422 welcomessolicited Bolle, and Dougan

Chicago and Loving Care Ruth K. Kent 423

All manuscripts must be New York Shall Poetry Peace Page Come, 382 When—. suffiby accompanied

: Life Frontispiece of PresGeorgia Eberling Moore The 419

for delivery cient postage Audit Bureau of Member, in 'ident Albert Smith Dollie George Not Failed, Have You

Circulations and return. --..-.... Alien picture 385 M. 426

Trout Fishing, Helen Maring..395

378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

of Germany and Japan is of less significance than at the beginning we wereUNIVERSAL MILITARY TRAINING led to believe, since, after we have finished with these, other nations will be

Reprinted by permission from inspired by Mars to carry out his bloody then but, if it be, true, This be may tu will.

will It The Argonaut in p.eaceume meaning. only one it can have

universality taken on a has and that war ever of they not themselves came from the penOnethatof the wisest pieces of advice mean that the cause of peace is hopeless, do control—and It resisted. will mean not be may will Spencer Herbert able to adjust it only painfully that was given be when

prophecy Hitler that a shrewd made legislator saidhe the first that of a duty at a and are going to have loss. But we

the that he would dictate he said when to consider society of kind what something forwas to pay in pain and loss thousand for a the future world of legislation specific of proposal security get, asany such can and we we will himself Hitler years. Adolf True, to produce. This advice tend bearwould colleges that the in mind is may have

it it, whether boots but what out of be is considered, interest the in a main whichseldom earliest vested the possible reason why the fruits of legislation are return to their prewar status."(Italics it is Adolf Hitler who runs the world or

usually bitter and disheartening. ours. a Hitler who bears another name?

We are surprised to find Bernard De We had always supposed in the past "everything in nature grows upon

Voto, who holds the Easy Chair of that the American people had what *"* what it feeds, and militarism will

Harpers, advocating in the April issue might be called a vested interest in ingrow in America, as it has grown in of the magazine, universal military telligence and liberty, both of which Europe, when once the American mind training in peacetime, and all the more are threatened by the possibility of the has come to consider that universal surprised because of the slighting readoption of universal military training military training in peacetime has bemark that he makes in respect to the in peacetime. Already one young gencome its paramount duty. If we adopt

colleges. "Nowhere in the United eration has lost four years of what universal military training, we shall be

States,"he says, "is there any sizable might have been its higher education, adopting the very thing for which weopposition to military training—except and that loss will never be made good. have been condemning Germany and

among the colleges. They are not It never can be. We have conquered various other European nations for a

unanimous and their opposition is a litHitler, and we shall conquer the century. Dr. Paul Carus, the last

tle colored. They have been through militarists of Japan; but we shall always great German scholar to come to our

the violent disruption of war. Universal bear the scars of the conflict, and one shores for the purpose of becoming

training would prolong that disruption of those scars has been the necessity a citizen, in the days when nobody for at least another year and create of a generation of youth to go without thought of us as a warlike country, others whose extent cannot be foreseen. that to which it was entitled. And those said that his object in coming was to

They thus become the first interest to who advocate universal military trainprotest against the universal military be threatened by peacetime training. ing in peacetime are, by implication, also training of his country. Dr. Carus did

There is no question that they will be telling us that the hope of peace is but not come here to keep out of servicehit hard by any program—any program an iridescent dream, and that the defeat (Concluded on page 430)

FIRST CLASS VITTLES?"

These days, my car and tractor's getting nothing but!"

"I figure that what you get out of a car depends on what you put into it.

Nowadays, there's no sense in taking chances. So I'm depending on new

VICO Motor Oil for lubrication. I have used Vico for more than 25 years

and it has always been dependable. Now this new product is better than

."ever and I'm for it 100 %

Yes, you can rely on this great product. It will help keep you rolling. It

gives these important extras:

Stands up at high temperatures and is longlasting even in the severest service.

Circulates freely at any temperature, permits easy starting, and is efficient to use in any season.

Keeps engines up to peak efficiency by avoiding carbon troubles.

Maintains "new engine performance"longer by avoiding sludge troubles. 3 motor oils... 3 prices—new

VICO, in cans or bulk, 30c a quart*—Ensign (formerly Vico), in bulk,

25c a quart*—Quaker State, in

cans or bulk, 35c a quart.*

""Prevailing prices plus tax.

Call or See Your Nearest Utah Oil Refining Company

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY Distributor, Station or Dealer

Manufacturers of a Complete Line of

Highest Quality Petroleum Products DRAIN AND REFILL WITH NEW VICO

JULY, 1945 Y&i/e /ftp /pets a/?*/r///s...

*My heart with rapture thrills"... and so does

yours, at the very thought freely of again touring this CONOCO free. land of the

Speed that new day when your car will wing its way, with NEWDAY

Conoco Bronz-z-z Gasoline in the tank. You'll command new -day

hill climb. In its high power—pickup—

antiknock rating, too, this gasoline will You want assurance today, be strictly newday. thatto deliveryour gasolineall the performis made

Your NewDay Conoco Bronz-z-z—rentance possiblerestrictions.underSothegocurto

see the where you chant—likegasolines—our endlesswill reflectoutputtheof fullwarvalueswinningof Your Conoco Mileage Mertriangle. big red Conoco For

deepest research and latest progress. Conthat sign is his Station Identinental Oil Company r-yourstification!... and make it

380 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA f E IE FACT FARM LABOR NEEDED IN 1945

WOMEN YOUTH MEN ANSWER: The same as the

Each symbol represents 500,000 farm workers problems of a full war. We

still need planes, tanks, guns.

The boys still need plasma.

MCTOGRAPH CORPORATION Overland Greyhound Lines is still doing a 'round the EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE portingclock waressentialtime jobmanpower.of trans-

(Concluded from page 377) '"Phe body increases its fuel consump- /Camouflage suits similar to those tion by about onefifth, at ordinary worn by commandos and other inroom air temperature and cooler, when vasion troops eliminate the need for instead of being calm the air moves past blinds or concealed spots when duck the body at 15 miles an hour.

hunting. Camouflage suits can also be

used to stalk deer, hunt coyotes, rab4The common limpet, a mollusk with abits, and other wild life by using the conical shell, has a tongue twice as OVERLAND material suitable for the season and terlong as its shell. Its tongue has two

rain. of teeth, hundred rows each with more GREYHOUNDl/A/ES> teeth than twelve to a row.

Penicillin can now be taken by mouth 4 Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES instead of injecting into the muscles, HThere are nine different kinds of but about five times the penicillin is water. Since hydrogen comes in

needed to get the same effect. two weights, one twice the weight of

< the other but very rare, and oxygen in

A new variety of lettuce has been dethree weights, there are nine combinaveloped by Dr. Ross C. Thompson. tions, for water uses two atoms of hyWartime

The new type, called "Slobolt,"is valudrogen and one of oxygen to each molecule. for it doesn'table use because summer

a floweringshoot up 4 Travelling stalk and go to seed as warm weather comes. Tn the space between the stars in each

cubic yard of space there is one moleThe president of our

A plastic harmonica has been incule of an atom of carbon with one of country has asked all of vented by Finn H. Magnus which hydrogen, and one molecule made of us to stay at home duris composed of only five parts compared one atom of carbon with one of nitroing these critical times.

to the the eighty parts of oldtype gen, according to Dr. Andrew McKelallharmonica, lar. its tone and retains under in air, So let's all resolve now of molecules The number

climatic conditions. Present production under ordinary conditions, is given by to heed this request so

is going only to the armed forces. a two followed by twentyfive zeros. that the country's transportation lines can

speed our fighting men home and to their newtask in the Pacific. TE1EFACT

U. S. VICTORY GARDENERS TO MAINTAIN

1944 PRODUCTION HOME GARDENS COMMERCIAL FARMS Hotel Temple Square Salt Lake City * t mMi

40% 60% CLARENCE L WEST J OF TOTAL PRODUCTION Maaaiju filial

PtCTOGRAPH CORPORATION

JULY, 1945 hit -and -stun diver (posdhy.

... depth charges plummet down from a swift Navy patrol bomber. THE PIONEER MOTHER

(An Epitaph) By Grace Noll Smith Straddle!—and there's one less Nip sub to nag convoys. It's the versatile

A lonely sod and endless waving grass,

A wagon track and distance yet to pass:

Lockheed Ventura (PVINavy)—a great airplane that flies first on ChevShe looked on out as far as eye could see

In that beyond she knew was yet to see.

ron Aviation Gasoline. In many testflights Lockheed Aircraft's West ThroughHer wornseasonsand raggedbleak andclothingcold coveredand sinister,her

And yet she dreamed of what was yet beCoast plant keeps Ventura engines at their best with Chevron Aviation And yondbraved each storm, her faith set far beyond.

Gasoline. And someday, the wartime research that put this flying fuel You may not pause nor ever kneel to pray

Near wooden marker winds have torn away into the sky will bring a great new Chevron gasoline to the highways. Though vision is fulfilled for you and me

That held such faith and hope for you and me!

PHOTOGRAPH OF PLAQUE BY AVARD FAIRBANKS

PIONEER MOTHER

By Bessie Wolvington SHE crossed the plains in coveredwagon days, And helped her menfolk break the leathery sod, Exchanging wooded hills and cooling bays

For treeless prairie, fringed with goldenrod.

A oneroom cabin, at her skilful touch,

Became a place of comfort and of pride;

Privations came, but she withstood their clutch, Devoutly sure of weathering the tide.

Her children must have greater aims than she; This was her motto and their constant rule,

The VENTURA flies first on AndAnd tosparedthis endno shepainslaboredto keeppatientlythem all in school.

Succeeding generations now behold

A sturdy nation builded to her mold.

FAREWELL AT A TROOP TRAIN

of benediction. our us repeat word AVIATION {/GASOLINE Let By Dott J. Sartori

utterance other There is no STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA The empty cup held out to the uncertaincan fill Save this distillate of a prayer—"farewell."

It builds no brittle promise to the future, the night, against to crash hope No mortared P. M. 9:30 TIME - Listen NEWS to STANDARD tides sinks in a chainbound changing Nor Thru FRIDAY MONDAY NETWORK INTERMOUNTAIN anchor,

But only lifts our plea for good, for right.

382 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"I AM AMERICA"PIONEERS 1920 By Heber Grant Wolsey By William Mulder TO SPEED

T write of America, for I love her well, To my immigrant parents—"Two of a city"r Much more than these poor words of pen OUR BOYS

can tell, They came too late for praise as pioneers her great freedoms enableAnd me to see,. By steam and ribboned road and shining HOME. than America, I'm Democracy. I'm more

My hands are strong; they've worked the Theyrailfollowed what had been a wagon trail

soils of Maine; Into the Valley. The ease belied frontiers

My soul is Texas, like the West, untamed; Still left to them: grain gathered from a

My heart is Utah, beating wild and free; foreign field,

My feet led me to Oregon and the sea. They faced the flailing on the new life's floor,

My body tall, like Iowa corn I've tilled, Werecore,winnowed, tried for firmness at the

My nostrils, with Dakotas'sagebrush filled, And themselves were sown, seed certified to

The Carolina sunshine tints my eyes, yield

My mind's mold is in California skies. The promised fulness of the land. They

came I life for love peace; is not war;And my

to give: they had Expecting much, but much I travel far ahead, must mustYet go

to live naturalized Desire purpose and shall that of blessedBefore days day if at times a Kingdom's way. And come The I turn footsteps can home. wearyWhen my blame

And tyrants, warlords, nod their heads and Arose that Zion's dream they found unfilled, say, They steadied with the thought, "We came "He is America, he will be easy prey. to build."

High ideals never did outweigh cold steel."

Little they know my thoughts, or how I feel.

They do not know that these ideals of mine DRIVE ON!

important time, Are sands of so on my

ITiat give wealth, I would my life, my By Gary Merit my

To seeall, that not one cherished ideal fall. There'snest a place out west where the eagles Produce and Conserve—walls; towering Beyond canyon this I love do notThey know the way

the pine trees and the cool grow land, Where of grass, blade grain each of sand,Each tiny winds blow Share and Play Square this fierce understand pride do theyNor the dream of an empire calls: countless died. WhereFor which Americans have

/Yes, am America, and proud, so proud Over"DrivetheOn!plainsDrivea caravanOn!"calls with FOOD! to be,

the steep walls slope between canyon Up live free within forever land aTo Drive "Drive On!"On! in in dwell necessity peace, butTo mightiest IS of one our TfOOD are dreary grow more Oxen weary—days I life, lay that always be down mayTo of weapons war. your Drivers are grim; Grow and careworn inspiration to everywhere,An men

his in looks eyes westward a light Leader in help processing farms or own, on fair, like the things love simple rosesWho the climbs rim; to canyon's he high As plants. silent in their need, only night, kneel and each you what BuyWho is lights his smile face: Place the "This A prayer, kill black markets buying only by Drive Drive On! On! free, air. to for thanksGive untroubled God ration with stamps, and pay no the we'll sod; We'll our plough worship up

Godmore than ceiling prices. When eatDrive On!"On! ing in but, whether our popular COINAGE OF THE YEAR Drive the the the of sweat grace toil and and Out Coffee Shop, in the or Starlite Gardrivers those long of teams ox gone Of Maring By Helen dens, at or restaurant, any help still: is the echoes Place voice "This A

America's food metal: Drive On! Drive On!"share is varied supply orbyTheNickelcoinageof springtime,of the yearcopper of summer dering can eat, only what you and

grass, eating all that you order.

in leafage;Gold of autumn and winter CANYON WINDS AT NIGHT coins of silver while theThe snowstorms

pass. By Courtney Cottam

The mint is God's; the spending for our

pleasure FOOD—A Vital War Weapon!

Wealth of the seasons coined for beauty's Therewhenis nighta suddenbeginssilence through the hills treasure. A poignant silence, throbbing and intense

with shuddering expectancy A silence without peace. Then comes the

THE DESERT organ prelude of small winds

Tumbling through the oak brush, and the

By Kenneth S. Bennion high, thin iiii

Fluting winds rushing through the pine and had forgot how calm it is, aspen trees,

I How peaceful... how serene! Starting the mad music of the night. The

55 IS*!? solemn drumming tumult of world, The an angry beats with water increasing on tempo y-s'S'iftiSiKs of death brave men, Of young The 32tj& jutting rocks; the

roar of dread implements The War's all other High, the windnotes, above and these All are again, come SMrani*?; surge and boom

Filling our anxious days with toil, Of mighty oceans of wind over the canyon

Our nights with list'ning fear. top and rushing

Lord, wilt thou bring to all the world Through the channels of the hills.

The Spirit that is here My heart takes flight with the wild things The beauty of the flaming dawn, To nest or cave or any sheltering, there to HOTELGUY TOOMBES, ManagingUTAHDirector

The freedom of the wind, wait out the storm of winds

The promise of a crescent moon, That play a ghostly symphony through the

Healing the troubled mind. night.

JULY, 1945 383

When walls look dark, Jj life of |Jrestoeni (feorge gdbexi mxth dull, faded! m picture, reafring clockmise from upper lefttjano

corner:

JVt tlje age of four

JViop ttjo att fiake empie at ttje time of its oeoication in 1893 (|Jresi oeiti Jmitlj sianos in tlje center back; tjis roife is at

ijis rigtjL)

At tlje age of eighteen mitb 3Jotjn JMomaro

JViiont tt|e age of twenty #n tjoneymoon at Niagara Ijfalls, 1892

JVt freoication of monmtteni (Urant in—President

left foregronnfr, G.ucy

drant (Eannon, scar GIVE THEM NEW LIFE - OVERNIGHT CIV. Jkirktjam ano (ieorgc

WITH EASYTO-USE (3. (JHorris betjuto iJJresioent Jmitlj; Ifosepli

JVnoerson ano JVnorem FULLER PAINTS Benson

Now have colorful new walls in bedroom, living room, JVt time of being mahe an

It just of Fullcoat. one coat or hall with dining room apostle—1903

surface, kalsomine even and most wallcovers any paper. It's an oilbase paint, too—holds its smoothpresident Oienrge JUbert

ness and color through repeated washings. Delightful

colors available. Cost? Redo an average i75'": Jimiitj at irje JVrisona

bedroom for only grane of Ijis uncle, (Less in some $2areas) (Heorge JVlbert Jimittj,

FULLERGLO njtfo trafr been killeo bu

This toughbodied paint for kitchen, bathroom or nursery "takes"steam and dries without injury to <3fnoians surface or color. Easy to apply! Easy

to wash with soap and water, too. JBeoicaiing tfjo JRicfj ntonncolors! decoratorselected Appealing

*** ment in <3loaijo, 1937 Fullerglo refinishes an avjfc j- erage kitchen for only (Eentral recent picture—a

pfjoiograplj of |Jresioent (ieorge (Albert Jimitfj.

fh0Ud a, FULLER PAINT DEALER neokc/cic

W. P. FULLER & CO. BRANCHES & DEALERS THROUGHOUT THE WEST

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA &.ft THE EPISTLE OF KALLIKRATES AND

i5aptidmwt the Jjeaa

By ARIEL L. CROWLEY, LLB.

"rTIHE Epistle of Kallikrates"first appeared in Atlantic Monthly of

J- March 1928. It was reprinted by

editorial permission in The Improvement Eva of September 1928. In both

magazines it bore a prefatory note explaining that the original, a fragment of a second century Greek uncial manuscript, consisting of thirtyfour pages, was found some time prior to June 7, 1927, in the cellar of a ruined house in

North Africa.

The work bears an ancient flavor rooted in the learning of its author, Dr.

J. M. Witherow, a Scottish minister,

who contrived to reproduce in it, with remarkable fidelity, the spirit and literary characteristics of a genuine Christian writing of the foundation period of the ancient church.

The epistle purports to be a letter to the Apostle Paul, written in response to the First Epistle to the Corinthians.

In wartime, especially, it isn't easy to make the Kallikrates,the epistle is acredited,man of appearsculture, asto awhommemkind of soap people expect to find inside the ber of the church at Corinth, an earnest seeker for light, and much interested in

FelsNaptha wrapper. It isn't easy to get all the the doctrine of baptism for the dead.

ingredients necessary to make FelsNaptha prereceived,(I Cor. 15:29.)and yetThereceives,work accordinglywidespread

eminent among fine laundry soaps. interest in Latterday Saint circles,

And that's only half the story. Now, a larger sometimes,taken assumptionunfortunately,that it uponis a thegenuinemisshare of our stock of materials and our manufacdocument of antiquity and entitled to

turing facilities must be used to make good soap credence"The Epistleas such.of Kallikrates"should

for men and women in active service. be recognized for what it is, a work of

Obviously, this will mean some further incontionfiction,of Dr.conceivedWitherow,in theandfertilea refreshingimaginavenience for civilians. In the months ahead, you departureIn a letterfromofcommonApril themes.12, 1945, the

may have to wait more often for the familiar editors of Atlantic Monthly have said:

FelsNaptha wrapper to appear on your grocer's The Reverend J. M. Witherow was the

author of "The Epistle of Kallikrates."He

shelf... wrote it not as a hoax, but in the spirit of

mighthave-been. Classical scholars were

but the soap inside the FelsNaptha interested in the piece and expressed their appreciation of it many months after its wrapper will be FelsNaptha Soap. publication. Mr. Witherow was a brilliant

Scottish scholar who was at Harvard UniWe think the average woman wants to know these versityabout tenforyearsa season'sago. lecturing. He died

plain facts about the supply of FelsNaptha Soap. Dr. Witherow was the author of several other of fiction apworks which We think her loyalty to a good name will survive in Atlantic peared of unMonthly, each

this time of trial, which is shared- -in some ususal tenor and diverting interest.

in "Test"appeared 1926; October way—by all. 1927, and Marsh"in October "Tawny

"Golden Spring"in December 1928. A

serious religious work, "Church Rebels and Pioneers"was published by London Religious Tract Society in 1927.

Mr. Robert C. Gooch of the generalFelsNaptha Soap reference and bibliography division of

BAN/SHES TATTLETALE GAAYt the Library of Congress,{Concludedinona pageletter430)of 386 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jke Cdltovs aae

By PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

n awareness of deep responsibility is with me as I approach the tasks so well and faithfully done by those who have gone before.

I am thinking today of the nearly half a century during which President Joseph F. Smith and

wise—ofPresident theirHebertirelessJ. Grantinterest,have contributedtheir great energy,so muchtheirin so inspiredmany wayscounselto theseandpages,encouragement—ofeditorially and othertheir

doctrinal discussions and their practical admonitions.

I am thinking today of my own father, and grandfather, and my forebears, who, from generations back, valued the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ above all else in life, and who withheld no service or sacrifice in their labors for its advancement in these latter days.

I am thinking of all my brethren who have served in the Presidency and in all the Presiding Councils of the Church, from Joseph Smith until now. I am thinking of their trials, of their faith, their

courage and conviction, and of their mighty accomplishments, with the help and direction of our Father in heaven. I am thinking of the martyrdom of some of them, of the early deaths of others, and of the

long and useful lives of most of them—and of the peace and exceeding joy of all who continued faithful

to the end of their days here upon the earth.

But my thoughts go beyond all these, to the great host of faithful and devoted men and women whose labors and sacrifices have gladly been given throughout the years for the upbuilding of the kingdom of God in the earth. Many of them have had no earthly honors or recognitions, but they have carried the gospel message far and wide, and have acted upon its principles in their own lives, have

magnified their callings in the priesthood, and have set examples of faith and of righteousness in their own homes. It is they of whom I am thinking most, because it is they who, with the help and direction

of our Heavenly Father, are and have been the strength of the Church.

These many years as I have traveled up and down the world, I have come to know the faithful, devoted men and women of this Church. It has been my privilege to partake of the spirit and hospitality

of your homes, to feel the purpose of your lives, to sit with you in counsel—and it is my knowledge of

you and your faithfulness, together with the sustaining hand of my Father in heaven, that helps me to go on to meet any requirement and any service that may be expected of me in the days ahead.

For your support, your faith, and your prayers, I am deeply grateful. And it is a source of strength

and comfort to me to know that the responsibility for the conduct of this work does not devolve upon the President alone, nor upon the General Authorities alone, but it devolves also upon every man and woman who has been baptized by the servants of God and become a member of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints. We cannot shift the responsibility if we would; our Father has placed it

upon our shoulders, and we must round them up and help to carry it off triumphantly.

My constant prayer is that our lives may reflect the purity of the gospel, that our homes may be the abode of the Spirit of our Father in heaven, that our every action may be scanned in vain for any evil, and that when men shall look over our lives, they may be led to say we are consistent followers of the meek and lowly Nazarene.

Our mission in the world is to save souls, to bless them, and to place them in a condition that they may go back into the presence of our Father, crowned with glory, immortality, and eternal life. Let

kindness, joy, and peace characterize our efforts, and be a blessing to our Father's children wherever it may be our privilege to roam. Let us extend to all our Father's children the hand of welcome, and teach

unto them that we know without doubt that Jesus was and is the Christ, that Joseph Smith was a prophet of the living God, and that the men who represent the work today receive from our Heavenly Father the inspiration and revelation of his mind and will for the benefit of his Church, whenever necessary.

That we may be worthy of the honor God has given us, that we may be worthy of the lineage whence we came, that we may be faithful sons and daughters of God, worthy to bear his image in the earth, that we may not defile our tabernacles with anything that is impure or unholy, and that when our labors are finished and we are summoned back to our Heavenly Father we may be welcome there because of our faith and faithfulness here below, is my prayer for all Israel this day.

I testify to you that this is the work of our Father, and it will roll forth until he comes again in the clouds of heaven, whose right it is to rule and reign.

JULY, 1945 387 Pdmt GEORGE ALBERT

of the qualities which can only be dePresident Smith has friends who look scribed as being Christlike. In widely forward to his visits. In Palmyra, Harscattered parts of the world he has mony (Susquehanna), in Nauvoo, Inpreached the gospel of love and kinddependence, Omaha, and other areas

ness. He has taught his fellow men that where early Church history was writall the people of the earth are our Faten, people know and have good reason

ther's children, that regardless of race, to remember favorably the man who has—andcreed, orthatcolor,we allallshallmen standare ourbeforebrothersthe madeOn himselfthe railroads,their friend.which he has used

judgment seat and account for our acextensively, porters, brakemen, contions in mortality. ductors, and diningcar stewards to staAt a time when the world needs love, tion masters, passenger agents, superinkindness, and consideration for others, tendents, and presidents, greet him with

an ardent advocate of those needed deference and courtesy. Senators, convirtues becomes the leader of nearly a gressmen, governors, and numerous

million people whose lives should be state, county and city officials are his devoted, as his has been, to preaching friends. So are thousands of humble

and practicing "good will toward men."folk in all walks of life. He is one of

"Spiritual vitality"are words used by the outstanding missionaries of the a prominent writer to describe his most Church and never overlooks an opoutstanding characteristic. portunity to preach the gospel or to tell

others about the Church.

T Tis many benefactions will never be known. Throughout his life he has

helped others to carry their burdens;

PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH he has assisted the poor, the needy, the widows, and the fatherless. He has

visited the sick and comforted those to has mourn. He

to courage boysSevenfifteentimesyearsin thethe lastChurchone hundredof Jesus whobroughthavenewbeenvisioncausedand

Christ of Latterday Saints has and young men particularly who have been called upon to mourn the passing become discouraged and were failing in of its president. In the early days of the the battle of life.

Church the passing of the President His concern for the welfare of young brought forth predictions that the death people has been expressed in a type of of the leader would mark the end of the

Church. But with each succession in PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH ABOUT THE

the Presidency, the Church has moved TIME OF HIS MARRIAGE forward to everincreasing accomplishment.

The seventh President of the Church, PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

Heber J. Grant, beloved and wise AT FOUR YEARS Of AGE

prophet, has gone to his reward; and a

great reward truly it will be. President Smith is a friend maker.

The Lord in his wisdom and mercy He understands and practices the has raised up another to take his place, principle that "to have friends you must one who by training, experience, service, be a friend."With this art and gift of

and ancestry has been well and fully friendmaking his own illustrious and preparedbilities—thatfor ofthisserving,greatestunderof responsithe apbelovedalso richlyfather,blessed.John HisHenrymother,Smith,Sarahwas

pointment of our Father in heaven, as Farr Smith, daughter of Lorin Farr, first prophet, seer, and revelator of the mayor of Ogden, also had the happy

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday faculty of drawing people to her.

Saints. The friends President Smith has made

I President George Albert Smith befor himself and for the Church are in comes President of the Church at a time many nations and in the islands of the when his distinctive talents and special sea. In London and Liverpool, on the

qualifications will assist him to meet the continent of Europe, and in Scandinavia, challenging problems the Church is amid the skyscrapers of New York, in facing today because of world condiother great cities of the East and South, tions. With the nations in turmoil, with and on the west coast, and from theremen's hearts failing them, with moral to the humble huts of the natives in

standards at a low ebb, with selfishness Hawaii, New Zealand, Samoa, Tonga, rampant, when the future to many apand other islands of the Pacific, the name pears uncertain and fearful, a kind and and face of the new President of the wise prophet arises to lead nearly a milChurch are known and welcomed. Nor

lion of our Father's children in Latteris he a stranger among the Indian tribes day Israel, of Western America. He has visited

:, There is no room in the heart of Presthe homes of the Hopis, Navajos, Zunis,

ident George Albert Smith for hatred, Bannocks, Shoshones, Goshutes, and for anger, for envy, for resentment, or many other tribes.

for fear. To him have been given many In the historic places of the Church,

388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Moneys and Disbursing Agent for Utah in 1 898. His appointment was made by

William McKinley, and he was reapRoosevelt. pointed by TheodoreSMITH Member&J&&&edof the General Board of Y.M.M.I.A., vision, His judgment, and unquesExecutive SecretaryTreasurer Utah Pioneer tioned integrity would have insured his

Trails and Landmarks Association and "This outstanding success had he chosen to

Is the Place"Monument Commission follow a business career.

He has preached the gospel of honest work, of thrift, of good homes, of edumissionary work that is individual and handicapped by impaired vision as the cation, and of progress. Through it all he

practical. He has won the love and conresult of excessive heat and sunglare has been practical and consistent. He

fidence of those he has assisted, and has while with a surveying party which laid has preached only what he has pracnever in the least degree caused or perout the Denver and Rio Grande Railticed. He has never advocated that

mitted them to be embarrassed. In this road from Green River, Utah, he has others should do what he was not willwork his kindness and friendship have never let his loss, serious as it has been, ing to do first. His leadership is of the

been reinforced by tactfulness of an daunt his spirit or retard his progress. kind that leads by both precept and exextraordinary kind, which has enabled He has long been connected with ample.

him to win the hearts of boys and girls leading commercial and industrial enterand men and women alike, and to bring prises. When little more than a boy, TThe new President of the Church is a

to the surface the slumbering qualities he worked as an implement assembler man of action. He believes in comwhich have given them new hope and and salesman for Grant Odell and pleting any task once begun. His paconfidence. Company and the Coop Wagon and triotism and love of country have been

One of his little publicized services Machine Company, predecessor of the demonstrated by his life's activities. As

was rendered as president of the Society Consolidated Wagon & Machine Com- a young man he served in the Utah for the Aid of the Sightless. Many of pany. He was a clothing factory emNational Guard as first sergeant of

ployee and later a salesman for Troop C, First Cavalry. During World

Z.C.M.I., where he had the unique disWar I, he was a member of the State

tinction of never having been asked to Council of Defense and chairman of itemize his expense account. Recently the Armenian and Syrian relief comhe was elected president of that inmittee. At various other times he has

stitution. He has served over many years served on local, state, and national

as a member of the board of directors committees in patriotic service.

institutions. of several large western He

recognition National Presito came is State president National of Utah now still dent Smith while he was a young Trust Savings and Bank, Zion Bank

Company, Beneficial Life Insurance man. More than thirty years ago, in

1913, he elected vice president was of Sugar UtahIdaho and Company, ComInternational the Irrigation Congress, is divice president a pany. and He

later and its presiyears two became of rector Savings Trust and Utah Comdent. In he president 1917 of became of director the as pany. served He the International Congress. Dry Farm of historic the LibTheater, Salt Lake

bey Investment Company, Mutual When these two groups were merged,

Creamery, and of Heber }. Grant and he was chosen as president.

Company. The Sons of the American RevoluAs a student he attended the Salt tion elected him National VicePres-

Lake City public schools, Brigham ident General in 1926, and since that

Young University, and the University time he has been a national officer. He

of Utah. He is now president of the served as president of the Utah Society

board of Brigham Young University. of that group in 19181919 and served

One of the pioneers in America as an as a director at various times. He repairplane passenger, President Smith has resented the Utah Society at nationserved as a director of Western Air al meetings in New York, Newark,

Lines for several years. He was reRochester, and Detroit. In 1944, even

sponsible for the preparation of a log though conditions prevented his attendof the route of that air line showing the ance, he was reelected to the second historic places on the route from San highest office in the national organizaDiego, California, to Lethbridge, Altion, a position he still holds.

berta, Canada. He came by his membership in that

The first Latterday Saint to be honpatriotic organization deservedly. One

ored with an appointment to a federal of his ancestors was Edward Winslow office, he became Receiver of Public (Continued on page 430)

EMILY SMITH STEWART EDITH SMITH ELLIOTT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH, JR.

tBsBBBBSSBxsilSSs mlMMMHIIlMllffl

LUCY EMILY WOODRUFF SMITH IN HER

WEDDING GOWN

those lost sight their reahave have who bless the efforts son to in.;';; -.;#:::::v:-::: i:::: -:v4 he has made

their behalf. During his presidency, the

Book of Mormon was printed in Braille for the benefit of those who are unable to see.

For a man of such pronounced spirituality, President Smith has had a remarkably wide and varied experience in secular and civic affairs. Even though

JULY, 1945 389 VL SMITH FAMILY PHOTO In tke oLeadina Lounciu AVAILABLE

of tke Lkurck ASAELpISMJTH

is practically unknownTOwhoseone namehumble, Godfearing man, to most members of the Church, and entirely unknown to the world, has come the great honor and distinction of being the progenitor of sixteen men who have been called to serve in the leading councils of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints.

Three of this good man's descendants have served as presidents of the Church.

Four have been counselors in the First

Presidency. Two have been presidents

of the Council of the Twelve Apostles.

Eight have been apostles. One is an assistant to the Council of the Twelve

Apostles. Six—all who have served in

this position since the organization of the Church—have served as Patriarch

to the Church. One has served as a

member of the Presiding Bishopric, and two have been Church historians.

Some have served as mission presidents, stake presidents, patriarchs, bishops and officers in practically all, if not all, the organizations of the Church.

To determine how many would be an endless task. It is certain, however,

that more of the descendants of this almost unknown man than of any other have served in the leading councils of the Church.

The name of this common ancestor of so many of our Church leaders is Asael

Smith. He accepted the gospel when it

was presented to him by his son, Joseph

Smith, Sr., but died soon after the

Church was organized and before being baptized.

Asael Smith was the grandfather of first PresiJoseph Smith, the Prophet—From a study and diagram by John D. Giles

(18301844). He Bora at Topsfleld, Massachusetts, July 17, of the Churchdent

Illinois, September at died 1771; Nauvoo, President of greatgrandfather thewas the to Church Patriarch First 14, 1840. of son Smith, F. President Hyrum Joseph the of sixth President Smith, F. Joseph Missouri, (18331840). at NovemFar Smith. West, Born greatthe and (19011918),Church Utah, City, Salt at died 13, 1838; Lake ber of the the Prophet, son Jr., Smith, Joseph President George of?reatgrandfather (18661918). 1918. 19, Apostle November first Vermont, DeSharon, at Born Joseph. the of President eighth Smith, dbert 1 880- ( in First Presidency counselor IlSecond at Carthage, 1805; martyred 23, cember

21, ordained First in was PresidencyChurch, First May Counselor 1901 who ). 2 this of First linois, Apostle 1844. 27, June

1945. All of those bearing the surname dispensation (18291844). First President (19011901. Sixth President of the Church

Smith who have served as General Auof the Church (18301844). (19011918).

Sylexcepting Church, thorities of the Sr. Smith, of son Smith, Joseph Hyrum President of Joseph son Smith, M. Hyrum

9, a member only, was February vester Smith Vermont, at Tunbridge, who Born Utah, City, Salt at Smith. F. Born Lake

Illinois, 27, for at Carthage, June martyred 1800; Seventy of the Council the Firstof City, Salt at died 21, 1872; Lake March

First Presidency in counselor 1844. Second his dewere time (183537), short (19011918. 23, Apostlea Utah, January

the to Patriarch Second (18371841). scendants. 1918).

(18411844). Church innotes biographical following The Smith. of son F. Smith, M. Hyrum Joseph Sr. Smith, of Joseph son B. Smith, William posirelationships and the the dicate

30, City, at Utah, Salt January Born Lake 13, 1811, Vermont, atRoyalton, March Born the councils of leading in the tions to the sixth Patriarch 1899. Church Became 13, at Iowa, Osterdock, November of died descendants the held by'Church 3, 1942. October 1894. (18351845). Apostle

listed are individuals Smith..Asael The * * * *

according to the family lines through at Smith. Born son Smith, of Hyrum John descended. have they -which

at died 22, 1832; President Kirtland, of September son Ohio, Smith, Fielding Joseph

of Samuel Smith, Jr., son 1 son Smith, 1911. 6, City, City, Utah, Asael Salt at November Salt F. Lake Lake Smith. Born Joseph

of the first Samuel, who was the son of Fourth Patriarch to the Church (18551911). Utah, July 19, 1876. Apostle (1910- ).

from came Smith who ]Robert and Mary ). (1921Historian Church of Smith. grandson Smith, John G. Hyrum Massachusetts, Topsfleld, at Born England.

8, Utah, 1879; Jordan, at July South Born of President Joseph son Smith, A. at Stockholm, David died 7, 1744; New March

4, City, Utah, February Salt at died Lake 1830. 31, -October Tork, on (Concluded 429) page to (1911Patriarch Fifth the Church 1932.

Smith. Asael Sr., of son. Smith, 'Joseph 1932). Preifollowing deaths of periods for short 2Except

ir ater spelled Asahel by some of his descendants. dents Jehn Taylor and Wilford Woodruff.

390 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA... Jm6ldent or the iojtuomm o e Jwetue

GEORGE FRANKLIN RICHARDS

i5u v>ruant >J }. Mlmettle

set PresiRichards apart as was the 1919 he presided over EuropeanON May 21, 1945, George Franklin sustained as an apostle. From 1916 to the dent of of the Mission. the turbulent during Quorum This was

Twelve, succeeding George Albert days of World War I. For sixSmith who became the eighth President teen years he was president of the Salt

of the Church. This marks an important Lake Temple, and since his release he

era in the history of the Church. The has served as general supervisor of temnew Quorum president is a wise and ple work of the Church. The serenity of

benevolent man with a record of service his spirit is in perfect harmony with the which testifies of his love for and his sanctity of that holy house, and under devotion to the truth. Brother Richards his quiet but efficient leadership thework

comes to this high office enjoying the grew increasingly popular. From 1937

love of the people, the confidence of his to 1942 he was acting Patriarch to the associates, and with a training which Church. The record shows that for

eminently qualifies him for his duties. thirtynine years he has served with

At fifteen years of age he was ormarked fidelity as an apostle, and comes dained an elder; he was subsequently to the presidency of the quorum, mapriest,ordained a seventy, a high tured in judgment, and ripened in experiin spirit,a patriarch. years ence, tranquil, For sixteen mellowed he was happy. PRESIDENT GEORGE f. RICHARDS

counselor in the presidency of Tooele Before his calling to the apostleship

Stake of Zion, and in April 1906, was he was prominent in civic affairs, serving as county treasurer of Tooele

County, chairman of the school board, and a member of the state legislature.

He is judicially minded and was able to give valuable service as a legislator.

("Ieorge Farmington,F. RichardsDavis County,was bornFebruin

ary 23, 1 861, a son of Nanny Longstroth and Franklin Dewey Richards. His father, fifty years an apostle, became

president or that quorum and Church historian. He was a man of literary ability and learning, distinguished for his

(Continued on page 410)

Brother and Sister George F. Richards and their

posterity. This picture was taken in 1941. Today

thirteen living children, RICHARDS PRESIDENT AND SISTER ON PRESIDENT RICHARDS'hissixtyoneposteritygrandchildren,numbers and fortyeight greatEIGHTIETH BIRTHDAY grandchildren.

JULY, 1945 391 MICROBES

TJFTC...,:,..,..,.......,

Foraftermorebacteriathan twowerehundredfirst known,years SchwannIn the 1800's,discoveredLatourthatandthereTheodorwere they were merely regarded as curialways yeasts in fermenting materials.

ous living particles. No one thought These yeasts were living organisms

they were related to the welfare of man which fermented sugars and produced in any way. Since the discovery of alcohol. Pasteur, the great French scithese organisms in 1671, man has reentist, was influenced by the suggestions

garded them with curiosity, but only of Latour and Schwann. Previously the

comparatively recently has he learned opinion had prevailed that fermentation much about them. Since his understandof organic materials was due to theing of them really began to grow, man's u% a action of oxygen in the air. It was

conception of microorganisms has thought to be purely chemical until markedly changed. He now realizes Pasteur proved by accurate experithat microbes are of very great imporments that the fermentation changestance, for in some ways they determine CHANGING were brought about by the action of

when, how, and where man shall live. living yeasts. He demonstrated many

To follow this change in man's conkinds of fermentation processes and other mibacteria that and showedception of these living things is an inWORLD that this each kind crobes did work, and interestingtensely study.

I of microbe about a characterbrought Not until we had learned how to PART istic fermentation. type of

make simple microscopes and found

Pasteur of this made work The results effectively, did to focusout them how lomad of his in the eyes important <=L. ariintit a very man existence of the become awarewe of Dmv Jhornets scientists. Business fellow became men life.this In 1671, minute of PH.D. world

thirteenmillionKircher, Catholic a monk Roman of France had and DEAN OF COLLEGE OF APPLIED SCIENCE, interesteddollar silkwormin him.industryA thrilleda grinder of simple lenses, was

when he focused his magnifying glass BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY almost been ruined. The silkworms were

on drops of blood taken from a plague sick, and many were dying off. Could

patient and saw little moving bodies Pasteur by any chance suggest a cure?

which were invisible to the naked eyes. He worked at the problem and disWhen he was examining drops of mudletters to two scientific societies to covered that germs were associated

dy water, he noticed other living things which he belonged. with the sickness. When healthy silkwhich wiggled across the field and Said one: worms were kept away from the sick

ended. troubles ones, were silkworm survision. out of Laterpassed he was

scientific letters old destroyed hoary Those possibly the cause be bacteria That may to into seeprised view them come in quantities, kings wholesale brought at myths this in work. indicated of disease was field. of the magnifying sidethe opposite of his door, to storms roused queens and

He announced his findings and called ridicule and equal storms of adulation. Pollender in 1849, and Davaine in

that which he saw "invisible worms."1850 discovered rodshaped organisms

A few years later Anthon van LeeuPeople were interested in this new in the blood of animals suffering from wenhoek, also a grinder of lenses, and world which had been discovered. anthrax. They surmised that these rods

having a curious turn of mind, wandered "We have found them,"men said. "We probably were responsible for this disabout the world focusing his magnifying know where they come from, now we ease. The germ theory of disease was

glass. He was a draper in a dry goods should like to know just what they do?"apparently beginning to be born. Robert

shop. Drapers used magnifying glasses Numerous guesses were made. In 1762, Koch in 1876 did much to support this

to count the threads in their cloth. In Plenciz, a pioneer worker in bacteriolsame idea. Pasteur in France and

1673, he made other uses of his instruogy made one guess. He suggested that Robert Koch in Germany working at

ment and announced his findings. Whole in some way these germs were responabout the same period of time, showed

flies, fly legs, and even fly brains were sible for disease. This idea was not genthat disease bacteria were responsible

examined. He collected raindrops and erally accepted for another one hundred for tuberculosis, for anthrax, and for

materials from between the teeth and years. chicken cholera, and that there was

examined them. He found organisms It was later found, however, that the some diseaseproducing virus that

which were spherical,, spiral, and rodsouring of milk, the rising of bread caused hydrophobia. Their results were

shaped. Heas the* first man to see dough, the making of strong drinks and very definite, but most people refused

bacteria and describe them. He wrote other kinds of fermentative products to believe them and many eminent

his findings in a series of four hundred were associated with microscopic life. (Continued on page 415)

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A REG'LAR FIRSTCLASS GUY

OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC awin 0. 4MOn K9

FirstClass is there a difference the deliberate Guy on bead between A Reg'lar took Now, aim—put

trigger. shirt being the them. the pulled with one and white one them and of fine a meet young fellow, youWhen schoolteacher miserably there him, as a lad lay found they I knew who That a robust, carelessJust boy,

And he greets you with a "Hello!"failed as such because he was one of gasping for breath.

slide to the them. hayused down thrills He just heart joy.That with your I if de- a with few on Pardon go me

If, after stack teacher them. mainmust to friendship's him, priceless your A this story: called bishop of was The the tailsSomething his cannot tain at dignity, buy, he money but must

in, that the the told doctor but by was he's you're label: to pleasedThen what it his hair time, "let as were, proper

in condition precarious too a boy was reg'lar firstclass"That's a guy!"their in recreation them with and down"visitor. for the But any * * * bishop—thank fun. them, skate with with them, Dance for fellows virtues the of these God fine to a ballBe fellow; eat with them, with guy play and them, some faith in with kindly with a eye and to the play him itShow is game; how then to they you, you and up warm in set blessings, with jaw a heaven's levelBuck him keep and up him in position help are to them. a

if that righteousness, pleaded, "Doc, he's strain.Brace him under when

Be to him a real companion boy just had an idea that he would get

Not too good, and not too wise '"Pwo years ago at a stake conference, better, if we prayed with him, don't

Just a Pal, and then you're listed a bishop came to me and said, you think that it would help pull him

With his "FirstClass Reg'lar—DavidGuys."Elton hospital"Bishop, whotherewouldis someonelike to oversee youin the through?"head and assented,The physician"Bishop,droppedyou win,his

could you spare the time?"Sure, I had but be as careful as you can."

lying time. the a a cot found on We the are boys passing hen you by I letter that boy, a from Well, have bullet straight hole fourteen, with a boy stop, to they say another, do one it I letter the highly. that prize In and life his lungs. hanging through His was reg'lar firstclass There's a for the that told months two me boy this thread. a caused on had WhatWguy his held night every and bishop came himself, the or catastrophe? boy Had it saying, that without goes While his of the help Heavenly hand. With else, accident, pulled the someone by is in the delinquency worldmuch due pulled through. he Father it isn't trigger? that happened. No, how child, into factor in spoiled the great a

difference and crime is that we dads It was Halloween night, and five boys, Now, that was a dastardly deed on and mothers and we who pretend to be with the ordinary Halloween boyish the part of the farmer. Of course, they

responsible for the boys'destiny are not pranks in mind, jumped over the farmer's put him behind bars and as I looked regular firstclass guys. I mean we don't fence to have some fun. The farmer, upon the limp form of the boy, I had a

get his viewpoint, and we are not with enraged, came from behind the house prayer in my heart that they would him in his amusements. He lives in one with a highpowered rifle. One of the keep him behind bars.

world, and we live in another. boys had on a white shirt—the farmer (Concluded on page 422)

JULY, 1945 393 THE CONTRIBUTIONS of

(L-ldovi <=Jj. (fSrinleu,9> LT. (J.G.ManytakeLatterdayfor grantedSaintsthe recreationaldoubtless Dm

program of the Church, ofttimes little realizing its enormous fait accompli in this field. Outsiders, however, frequently comment and marvel at the

magnitude of the Mormon leisure time program, for the Church has not only pioneered recreation in America and contributed significantly to contemporary recreational theory and practice, but its leadership in this realm is currently recognized.

As late as 1792 the discipline of the

Methodist Episcopal Church stated, "We prohibit play in the strongest terms."President Dwight of Yale College declared in 1824, "To indulge a

taste for playgoing means nothing more or less than the loss of that most valuable treasure, the immortal soul."These

excerpts are fairly representative of the nineteenth century puritanism and asceticism. Religious and educational

literature of this era contained numerous references to the negative attitude which society maintained toward play and recreation. The Latterday Saint

Church was organized in 1830, and many of its charter members held similar viewpoints.

Mormons, however, were fortunate to have a prophet, Joseph Smith, who Thus while other similar agencies in—Photographs, courtesy U.S. Forest Service

not only believed in wholesome play, America little recognized the future but practiced it in his daily life. He was possibilities of recreation, the Church lives are within the scope of religion."

succeeded by Brigham Young, a realistic was developing a program destined later This meant that religion was to be pracleader, who recognized the necessity of to be widely recognized. Today Mortical. It included the "whole man"as

diversion for his people. Incidentally, mon recreational viewpoints differ little L. P. Jacks has since so vigorously conrecreational pursuits helped to keep from those of the outstanding contemtended. Thus recreation, as well as

alive the high morale while crossing the porary leaders in recreation. other life essentials, was to be dealt with

plains. By the time President Young adequately. The Mormons early recogpassed away, a recreational pattern was "jlORMONS place recreation on a fournized work and play as complementary,

strongly entrenched in the Church. fold basis, namely, biological, edusince the main difference lies in an atOriginally, Mormons formed a micational, social, and spiritual. They destitude of mind. An activity may be work

nority group and were more or less ignate seven urges supposedly common for one, and play to another. "True

forced to develop a recreational outlook to all: social, dramatic, rhythmic, physiwork,"wrote Joseph Lee, "is the highto fit their peculiar circumstances. Later, cal, linguistic, environmental, and conest form of play."

after the Saints migrated to Utah, the structive. The second significant idea advocommunities at first were predominantly These natural tendencies can be concated the democratization of activities.

Mormon. Both of these extremes were trolled, however; the process of modifiIt was a general belief even as late as

conducive to an indigenous recreational cation forming the basis of education 1900 that recreation, though the word evolution. for leisure. Behavior can be altered to itself is scarce in the literature of the

Though most sects of the day looked a considerable degree through training. times, was a privilege for the wealthy

upon recreation as something to be The values of such biographical factors only. The poorer classes were to work

strictly avoided, by the year 1850, Mordepend upon the way in which they are and survive, while diversion was remons were holding dances in their developed. Recreation education thus served for the privileged groups. The

churches, an unorthodox practice of the becomes the means of conditioning so Mormon viewpoint in this respect was time. The reason for this was probably that natural tendencies seek the highest revolutionary, for it championed, not

twofold: ( 1 ) Mormons placed recrealevels of expression. recreation for the few, but diversion for

tion on a high spiritual plane, for they Mormons finally recognize recreation all, with activities administered on a held that temporal affairs were a vital as a social phenomenon. When individdemocratic basis.

part of their religion, and (2) building uals are together with spare time, diverfacilities were limited. (This has unsional activities are bound to take place, 'The primary aim of the Church recredoubtedly formed the basis for the presand this fellowship is recognized and ational program is spirituality. It is

ent practice of building a recreational encouraged rather than inhibited. The this tremendous drive which provides a

hall in connection with every chapel that Church sees recreation as a means of motivation outsiders fail to compreis constructed.) Even now, many desocial control which thus provides a hend. Jacks referred to this goal when

nominations are reluctant to sponsor supplement to its educational program. he said that a fundamental problem facleisure time pursuits in their chapels, Two potent concepts stand out vividing civilization today on every side was

though the last two decades have witly. One concerns the relation of play "keeping up a high quality of body and

nessed an almost aboutface in this reand work. Brigham Young said, "Our mind in the mass of the people."Call

gard. work, our everyday labor, our whole it morale or what you will—the Mor394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MORMON RECREATION

WELFARE AND RECREATION OFFICER, U.S.N. R. twenty percent of such members are

bona fide leaders. No other recreational

agency can boast of such a proportion.

When it is further realized that this leadership serves voluntarily and without pay, such a ratio is difficult to comprehend. The significance of such a

contribution to leadership development in any program is highly commendable.

Though the quality of leaders in some instances may not measure up to the professional standards of other agencies, the efficiency of the Church program seems to have suffered no ill effects in this respect. If such a deficiency in quality exists, the great numbers

of proficient leaders more than compensate.

Many of the contemporary social problems could be remedied if only people had been adequately trained for leisure time. Mormons propose to provide this conditioning. Jacks advocated

this point of view by stating, "Education and recreation: united they stand*,

divided they fall."

An educational background is provided Church members for numerous recreational pursuits. These activities

are not just thrown out at individuals.

Participants not only have the opportunity to dance, for instance, but are specific fundathe necessary being a taught leadership, it, it ership. is spiritual this and Mormon have mons for true holds mentals. same The tremenprovides a proposition, gratis imdriving a essence provides which athletics, of music, drama, and a gamut facilities are saving. Furthermore, entire dous program. the behind petus

activities. are necessities free, other reand provided in believe wholesome Mormons

creation only. They do not condemn donated by various individuals, leaving Furthermore, the training is not liman activity as such, but only as it afbut little expense. ited to skill fundamentals in a given activity. are taught Persons and why how feels its participants. fects Church the The of percent hundred one Nearly

leisure Positive contime. their to use in the that sponsored performance, a budget the operate on wards Church the within cepts are memberdeveloped under dynamic environment and proper family this system each plan. Under

result that ship, carryover the with desirable positive leadership produces prorated loy, is unbelievably assessed an evident. plainly are values Mormon It that individresults. believes most year's program, the carry to on amount unique whethfunctions are pursuits highclass will select uals such ability to recreational based levies being upon the

in other or er are any they found Utah if choice. of the given opportunity feel that should everyone pay. Mormons refor the Education world. of part soof drawbacks main many The cost, total of the no contribute a share

creation has a basic become Mormon pleasures, according called worldly small. to matter how results the concept, of which can be there is that is no the view, Mormon sponsorthe of two recreational Out the Church. throughout activity spiritual the behind force such ing organizations, and the observed the Primary

with a result that many diversions de- M.I.A., between fifteen percent and The Mormon recreational heritage is

generate into unwholesomeness and truly a rich one, backed by sound tradiboredom. tion. Members could hardly be expected

recreacriteria of a successful The TROUT FISHING tocauserealizeit hasits alwaysfull importbeen andwithworththem. beso-called include tional mass program

participation. The Church plans recreaBy Helen Mating The relative success of the Mormon

tion for everyone, and observation as recreational program did not just haphours quickly substantiates have these as actual well survey it is exfunction able to so gone. pen. That

that boy's world you shared participation. a HowIt wasvery a of high degree The all is in lives tensively its people of the

... me. with interest to a found Church has way design, part the for comprehensive of a

in the fishing mother dawn all practically of its members, and many Taking is minutely planned program comby see. I tracks could not Pointing deer out its in recreational well, as nonmembers inspired petent though and humble out; "devil's to help club"held back me You largest activities. the as examples Such leaders. gallant ways. with a sudden were man You

basketball league in the world, and the Breathlessly, I watched you catching trout, A progressive Mormon program has huge Saltair dance festival of normal And gave a smile by way of words of significantly contributed to the total years, are but instances of what this all praise. American recreational picture, and ever

means. continues to welcome the challenges

still, fish!"trout for are scary be must "We leisure opportunities time. of and With

tell as stream. the clamber up You we me ever stopped TJTave you to think how this success, singular of the background

I'll dish.""I for quite think catch a enough

little its recreational acthe accept intends to full responChurch Church I, fish; to to stop then dream. and you And

tivities cost? In many comparative proWhile dragging home, you whistled like a sibility in meeting the exigencies of a

grams, a minimum of about seventy perbird; postwar era by exemplifying actively

cent of the total overhead goes for leadAnd I trailed happily without a word. its slogan, "Carry On."

JULY, 1945 395 ) I—*f>—XTot only was this biography interWIFE rupted, but also the life of Au- A MORMON gusta Winters Grant was modified

Jke eJLire >tom of throughPresidenttheHeberpassingJ. Grant.of herApproprihusband,

ately enough, the biography is resumed at the point where her husband enters her life. AruaiAdta l/[/Inters Ljrant

-nC By MARY GRANT JUDD It was now that Augusta Winters beJa.u.gllter of freildenl J4eber rf, ana came the largest tithepayer in her home

town. The people in Pleasant Grove

—Muauita Winter5 Lfrant saw very little money in those days. My

mother remembers a small dish high up in the kitchen cupboard at home where

VII her father hoarded the small amount of to laboriously saved he which Lights and Shadows money children taxes. All the yearly pay the

Learning and teaching are the essence knew it was there, she says, but would of my mother's character. Since she never have thought of touching it or

-I spent the equivalent of ten years of asking that any part of it be given them her life in the schoolroom it seems apfor new clothes or anything else of the propriate to consider further some of kind. And her mother, when there was

her experiences as a teacher before leavno butter in the house, would not have ing that phase of her life. On the whole taken the price of a pound for anything.

"Miss Winters"enjoyed schoolteaching very much. The main drawback /\ne of the chief compensations for

until she came under the direction of "receiving what was in those days a

John R. Park was that the schools were large salary for a teacher was the joy

ungraded and she had all her pupils in reflected in Augusta's life, which she one room and far too many of them to was able to put into the lives of her teach. family at Pleasant Grove. Her sisters

How would it seem to a schoolteacher were equally generous with what they of today to instruct pupils, some of earned. In her first year at school Auwhom were as old as herself, and among gusta had written: "How our parents

them big unruly boys? What would it have to sacrifice for us children to get

be like to teach a school sans janitor, an education"and now she was able, where the children must chop wood for at least in part, to repay that sacrifice.

the one stove that furnished uncertain My mother has told me that her great heat, or carry drinking water in a bucket delight was "to come home at Christmas from a pump in the yard? ( There was time loaded with presents until I had

only one dipper for all the youngsters to have the help of various people with to drink from, but in those days their my numerous parcels."By now, Helen

minds were untroubled by fear of had grown into a beautiful young womgerms. an. Being the youngest daughter of the

At West Jordan in the spring of 1 876, AUGUSTA DURING HER SCHOOLTEACHING DAYS family, and having no income of her the twentyyear-old girl wrote: own, there were always clothes to be

sometimes feel like running away. I bought for her. For the father there

went to the trustees and told them pictures, and teaching is not an excepwere books, and once MaryAnn was tion. things of the hear sweet you WhenI should paisley shawl have an daughter her given have to a by assistant—love pupils they to you, say your how all in pupils sixtyfour treasured posone room, ofhave is one which my own

and that is more than I can attend to you, what a good influence you have sessions at the present time. [The picand answer all their questions. This is been in their lives; when they bring you ture appearing in the Era of October

the way it goes: 'Schoolma'am, I want their choicest flowers or a beautiful pic1944, p. 598, shows Mrs. Grant with

to stay out and chop wood.'... 'Please ture; when you see what an interest they this shawl around her.]

let me be monitor.'... 'Oo-o-h, will you take in their studies, remembering so

please get this sliver out of my finger?'much of what you say to them and Romance

surpassing sometimes even your most is putting pea- a..'Schoolma'am, Jeddy went, Winters Augusta "\X7herever this respect; in sanguine expectations.. I ear.'. in a go after.bug 'May my

little all teaching for labor ""whether in some your and you feel repaid... let water?'ofbucket you 'Won't me

go after a scuttle of coal?'... 'Schoolthink a teacher's life is not so bad after country town, or attending such schools

ma'am, Anna's got a grammar, and all."as Timpanogos Academy or the Unishe won't let me have it to cipher in.'The fall of 1879 found "Miss Winversity of Deseret, there were always

... These remarks enlarged, varied, and ters"teaching what was to be her last admirers. It is not to be wondered at.

multiplied by sixtyfour is about what I and most satisfying school, as well as She was young. She was intelligent.

hear every day."her most remunerative. This was the She was beautiful and good. Reared as

But instead of growing smaller, her one in the Seventeenth Ward, the posishe had been in a happy Mormon home classes grew larger: "Closed the week tion coming through Dr. Park. Soon by parents who truly loved one another

with seventy pupils,"she moans. "Too after the term began, the happy teacher and who considered their eight sturdy

much, too many."wrote: "This is the nicest school I ever children as precious gifts from God, it

had and my sister, Susie, who is assistwas natural that Augusta should look

HPb bolster up her courage "Miss Wining me, says the same. We have done forward to the day when she would

A ters"developed a philosophy that very well financially, I have made about preside over just such a home as wife "there is a dark and a bright side to all a hundred dollars a month."and mother. And yet, much as she liked

396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

her young companions, she could never paper, but at some convenient time and feel that any particular suitor was meant place if you desire it, etc. If this subject

for her. is odious to you, one word from you

I have told you that her first proposal will dismiss"me. Very respectfully,

of marriage came when, at the age of c. b:

seventeen, she was attending the TimAugusta added: "I gave him the

Naturally in Provo.panogos Academy

negative.her answer was in the The inoneheardwordno morevery emphaticallyfrom him, andandI don'thave

experienced country girl was far too want to hear any more from him or and, to consider marriage beyoung this subject else from on anybody gettingsides, her mind on was centered present. the at I prefer freedom and

an education. privileges of 'single blessedness'until I

In she of 1875, was when the summer am at least twentyfive or thirty years just to nineteen, had Augusta come Salt old."

Lake City to attend a normal institute (the first one ever held there) and right She says she often had cause to think in the middle of a class was handed a of an old song that ran note which proved to be an offer of marriage. She recorded: "It nearly I have finished it—the letter

tell is free; will he him That absurdithe breath onlytook away, my

this forever, and moment From thing thety of brought soon it back to nothing me. more He is

fullagain. note so of was The

feeling; passionateeloquent and enough

heart a loving possessed and Augusta stone!to of missive heart a touch The girlhood her loath to hurt beaux was

I as farso as folran remember, can reject yet, one. she to had when And I dearlows: Winters: Miss 'My she time enough, each paradoxically in subject underhave a

relief. feeling of the a "Well, sensed

I redesire yourwhich PRESIDENT cooperation—Iconsideration AT HEBER J. GRANT THE TIME HE crisis is her to confide past,"she would in refined, enlightened, UNIVERSITYcognize a AT THE OF WAS AN INSTRUCTOR you

diary, disposed case "one of and more DESERET trueeducated, pureminded, woman.

still friends. case are of Another we says are placed beyond youRumor my 'not be'oh, thankful."and, to how having affections your engagedreach by her cousin, Thone Among her friends,

to another. Please enlighten me on this Pratt, was one of Augusta's favorites.

GRANT, WINTERS CENTER FRONT, AUGUSTApoint—I do not wish to put more on

RIGHT, FALLS. They were not really relatives but HER MOTHER, AT NIAGARA AND

called themselves cousins because of

Grandma Pratt. "We were always associated together in family reunions,

etc.,"says she. "Both of our families had

taken it for granted that we would go right along the even tenor of our ways until we were 'even more closely 'related by marriage.'

But it was not to be; the paths of the

young people diverged, and each found happiness elsewhere. Thone married a

charming singer and two of his sons, inheriting her talent, became protegees of

Evan Stephens, the Welsh composer and famous leader of the Tabernacle

Choir. Many of the present generation

remember the sweet young voices of

Noel and Wood Pratt in their favorite duet, "The Morning Breaks, the Shadows Flee,"a composition of their grandfather, Parley P. Pratt, which had been

set to music by Professor Stephens.

It was at Mill Creek that an amusing incident happened in which a middle-aged bachelor trustee figured prominently. When Augusta was invited to

go into the city with him, she thought nothing of it, for her friend, Lydia, was also in the party. After her return she

was still unsuspecting when she recorded in her diary: "Although my

salary was not due for a week to come, he had the kindness to pay me for the whole month which enabled us to buy ever and ever so many pretty things and we enjoyed ourselves very much."But

when a fortnight later the said trustee offered to take Augusta to town again, if she happened to be going alone, she began to understand that even a prosaiclooking exterior can hide a palpitating heart. "Patience defend me,"she fretted, a (Continued on page 424) JULY, 1945 397

of 1688 subscriptions. This was the Church citation for Class "B"wards

highest record of any stake of the for total subscriptions. To one of the

region go allChurch citatermountain figure Southern remarkable set by scnDUoniptii Church. It was exceeded only by the oldest wards in the first stake in the intion honors. Angeles States Mission. Los To South

Stake goes the special citation for allof its percent of 1480 a record With

Stake of Seattle awiDaian\paiai Churchquota, leaders in total subscriptions. Renton Ward

wins triple honors. It was leader in its

stake, in Division One, and in the entire Church for Class "A"wards, and AGAIN SETS receives the allChurch citation.

Seattle of subscripNEW HIGH MARK Stake,To Queenwith theAnnetotalWardof 206 tions, go allChurch honors for wards in Class "A."

In a campaign that was not only suc- a campaign, which not only excessful but unique as well, Seventeenth

INceeded all expectations, but which Ward of Salt Lake Stake won the allalso set new high marks in subscriptions for both regular subscribers and service personnel, The Improvement

Era has marked one more milestone SOUTHERN STATES MISSION, DIVISION 3—1. to r.:

toward its fiftieth anniversary which President Heber Meeks; Julie Sorenson, "Era"diwill be celebrated in November 1947. rector; Helen Bay, "Era"director.

Unfortunately, limitations of space WESTERN CANADIAN MISSION, DIVISION 2—1. to

make it impossible to give more than r.: President Walter Miller; Cliff Walker, Y.M.M.I.A.

barest mention to a few of the outstandsupervisorY. W.M.I.A. andsupervisor"Era"anddirector;"Era"Jacquelinedirector. Newby,

ing leaders in a campaign which had many unusual features. EASTERN STATES MISSION, DIVISION 4—1. to r.:

Doxey; "Era"B. Heywood, Donna Roy W. best President effort "the to carry In this latest

director. Anderson, director; Alice "Era"Mae

into homes in themissionary Church"of Latterday Saints and their friends, these new records were set up CALIFORNIAdent Elijah Allen;MISSION,LucileDIVISIONBodily, Y.1—1.W.M.I.to A.r.: superPresi-

Highest number of stakes and missions visor and "Era"director.

reaching quotas.

Highest number of wards and branches reaching quotas. SEATTLESION I—I.STAKE,to r.: PresiDIVI-

Highest number of total subscriptions in dent Monte L. Bean;

Era history. M.I.A.Jack C. supt.;Wilkins, LeoraY.M.

Highest total subscriptions from stakes Clawson, Y.W.M.I.A.

and wards. president;"Era"director.Leslie Seal,

Highest total subscriptions from missions and branches. SOUTH LOS ANGELES

14—DIVISION Highest total subscriptions from any STAKE,

M.group. I.Iversen;to /.: Pres.Owen JohnB. RobHighest percent of quota from stakes. inson, Y.M.M.I.A. supt.;

Highest percent of quota from missions. Mrs.Y.W.M.I.A.Nell pres.;Ellsworth,WilHighest percent of quota from wards or liamcounselorNoblein Waite,stake presfirst

branches. idency and "Era"campaign manager; George

A. Baker, second coun-

I Jighest honors in the campaign go to selorand in"Era"stake presidencycampaign

Southern States Mission. With an manager.

almost unbelievable total of 3874 subscriptions, which equalled 523.5 percent PHOENIX STAKE, DIVIof its quota, Southern States Mission identSION 13—1.J. Robertto r.: Price;Presestablished two new alltime allChurch Wallace E. Broberg,

records. Its total subscriptions were R.Y.M.M.I.A.Peterson, supt.;Y.W.M.I.A.Ethel

more in the one year than were being president; L. L. Driggs,

sent to all mission fields fifteen years "Era"director.

ago. Southern States won the Division

Three and allChurch citations for both SHELLEYSION 3—1.STAKE,to r.: PresiDIVI-

percent of quota and total subscriptions. dent J. Berkeley Larsen;

To Seattle Stake, long a leader in Era G.Y.M.M.I.A.Osmondsupt.;Dunford,Louie

Millar, Y.W.M.I.A. thecampaigns, go highest honors among

C. Goodsell, pres.; Dean

Its record of quota.stakes in percent director, "Era"LaVern

of 470.4 percent set a new high mark Harker,"Era"director.Y.W.M.I.A.

for all stakes since the beginning of the

Era. In addition to Seattle Stake winOGDEN STAKE, DIVISION

divisional highest allChurchning and r.: to President 5—/.

Merrill G. Dye; threehonors, stake were Samuel wards of that

Y.M.M.I.A. W. Bird,

also declared allChurch winners. supt.; Lynette Taggart,

One of the most remarkable and con- Y.W.M.I.A.bert W. Bell pres.;(no photoAlsistent records over the years has been available), "Era"direcof Stake,that Angeles which South Los

total SiHy.'in the a reached present campaign

398 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Walnut Park Ward of Los Angeles MINIDOKA STAKE, DIVIStake, with the remarkable record of SION 2—I. to r.: Presi609 percent of its quota, was declared dentFrank J.F. MelvinWatson,Toone;Y.M.

allChurch citation winner for large M.I.A. superintendent

director; and "Era"in 194445 thewards campaign. This

Elsa Mclntire, Y.W.

highest the yet setis one of marks president. M.I.A. by a

ward in an Era campaign.

STAKE, SALT DIVILAKE Batavia of District Branch Cumorah r.: to Presi- 6—1. SIONof States highthe Eastern Mission won Beesley A. Wilford dent

(deceased); Lincoln F.est in its district, mission, in its honors

supt. Y.M.M.I.A.

in the entire percentand Church for director; of Hanks,and "Era"

Perkes, Helen Y.W.M.I. of itsquota. Because outstandingly

A. pres.; Bryner, Gwensuccessful campaign, times the many director. "Era"

number of families outside the Church as there are in the Church in that area UINTAH STAKE, DIVIwill receive the Era with its inspiraSIONdent 7—1.Archieto r.:Johnson;Presitional messages each month during the Leonard D. Perry, Y.M.

M.I.A.supt.; Gwendolyn ahead.year Batavia with 5,100 percent

L. Vest, Y.W.M.I.A.

citation allChurchof its quota is pres.; winCharles A. Hatch,

ner, with an alltime high record. Winn,"Era"Y.W.M.I.A."Era"director; Thelmn

"pOR the highest number of subscripdirector.

tions in small branches of American SEVIER STAKE, DIVISION tomissions, Tallahassee Branch of SouthIrvin10—/. L. Warnock;r.: PresidentJoern States Mission has won the allseph E. Christensen,

supt.; Grace citation.Church hundred Two four Y.M.M.I.A.O. Young, Y.W.M.I.A.

subscriptions came in,! from this small pres.; Alfred J. Anderbranch. son,Mrs. Phyrn"Era"Baker,director;Y.W.

For reaching the highest percent of M.I.A. "Era"director.

quota in the larger branches of the misSTAKE, DIVIBENSONsions, Charleston, South Carolina 4—1. to SIONBranch of States the Southern Mission dent Merle G. r.:Hyer;Presi-

L. Bagley, Y.M.M.I.A. citationbecomes G. an allChurch winner. supt.; Robinson, MaeIts subscriptions equalled the remarkpres.; Jo- Y.W.M.I.A.

able record of 1439 percent of its quota. director.sephine LaPray, "Era"

Marking the second branch in the state third the of Florida, and branch STAKE, in SACRAMENTO

: 15—1. r to DIVISIONthe States receive Southern to Mission

President E. Stephen

citationallChurch honors, Jackson- T. TinBusath; Thomas

gey, supt. Y.M.M.I.A.ville, Florida, the list Branch, headed

acting direcand "Era"of Class in the missions "B"branches tor; Hazel B. Busath.

with 250 subscriptions. Y.W.M.I.A. pres. and

To have reached 1240 percent of its actingdirector.Y.W.M.I. A."Era"

quota and still not become a citation winner was the experience of RidgeEAST JORDAN STAKE, way, South Carolina, Branch of SouthDIVISIONPresident Henry8—1. Goldento r.;

ern States Mission. This experience Tempest; T. Foster

might be described as success without M.I.A.Greenwood,supt.; Jr.,LucileY.M.P.

victory. Such a high percent of quota Larson,Y. W.M.I. A. pres:

is a victory for any group, and to the Albertrector; Black,Marv "Era"Jenkins,diRidgeway Branch goes special honor- Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"direcable mention. tor.

One Thousand Club UVADA7 7 I. STAKE.to r.: Pres.DIVISIONDaniel

photo (nopOR the first time in Era campaigns J.Huntsmanavailable),Ronnow; Merlin S. Y.M.M.I.A.

enough stakes and missions have supt.; Dorothy Truman

reached the onethousand mark to justi- Y.W.M.I.A.(no photo pres.;available),Seth

fy setting up a special group of stakes Jones, "Era"director;

reaching this figure. Therefore, in the "Era"Melva Jones,director.Y.W.M.IA.mythical Improvement Era One Thousand Club, the following stakes and WASHINGTON STAKE,

missions are listed in the 194445 camDIVISION 12—1. to r.:

paign: JohnPres. EdgarW. Slater,B. Brossard;Jr. (no

Southern States Mission 3874 photoM.I.A. available);supt.; GrettaY.M.

South Los Angeles Stake 1668 Croft, Y.W.M.I.A. presSeattle Stake 1383 ident; William T. ThurOgden Stake 1368 man,Helen "Era"Hanks,director;Y.W.

Long Beach Stake 1332 M.I.A. "Era"director.

Northern States Mission 1330 Pocatello Stake 1295 NEBO STAKE, DIVISION to r.: Pres. George Angeles Los Stake 1208 9—/.F. Christensen; David Inglewood Stake Forsey. 1188 C. Y.M.M.I.A.

San Fernando Stake 1065 supt.; Mrs. Gladys S.

Wilson, I. A. M. Y. W. Stake.1059 Salt Lake

Ivin Hawkins, Wells Stake director; Mrs. 1041 pres.;"Era"

Five of the ten stakes reaching the M.I.A.Vera Parkinson,"Era"director.Y.W.

1,000 mark are in California.

(Continued on page 427) JULY, 1945 399 tk em'5 a Where tkems a STYLE WAY

5u <=LaKene J\inq dSieecmr ROBISON Stood in IllustratedJohn HenrybyEvans, /r the doorwayU.ARTHAof her tworoom log cabin

and twirled her shabby old sunbonnet in her hands. It really was too shabby

to wear to the Twentyfourth of July celebration at Farr's Grove. She had

her three children's dresses all ready for the occasion. Charles, too, would look

very fine in his new shirt and jeans and the straw hat she had woven for him to wear.

But for herself she had only the ruffled dress of blue calico she had made the summer before. It fitted her nicely, and

with the hoops Charles had bought for it, she might get along, except for the old, wornout bonnet.

She put the bonnet on and went inside the cabin to look in the little wall mirror. The face that looked out at

her was quite satisfactory. She had the

blue eyes of a Southern belle, a really good complexion, and light, gold hair, as fine as corn silk. But the faded bonnet

was no background for her pretty face.

She needed, oh, indeed, she must have a new one. Something in bright and pretty

calico to offset her dress.

She sighed profoundly as she laid aside the old bonnet and began preparing supper. Charles didn't often come

home for supper because he was away with the herd, but the children would be hungry after a day's hike to the canyon to gather chokecherries.

She set the table and then went out "My new bonnet."

to gather the eggs. Today there were "You say the funniest things, Martha. with a smile, that Mrs. Thompson wore

only twelve. She rubbed them carefully That piece of calico is worth a dollar her old bonnet of two seasons ago. She

with a cloth, and laid them in the basket and a half, and you'll need a tencent had fancied it up with a bit of lace with the nine dozen she had already spool of thread, which makes a dollararound the crown. Her husband was in

saved. She thought how very precious sixty. Eggs are ten cents a dozen, and the brass band, so she had to look as

they were and worth their weight in you'll need sixteen dozen. You have stylish as his position warranted.

gold to her at that moment, for they only ten dozen now. How can you get Sarah Herrick had already made herwere to be the means of paying for the the rest in time to make your bonnet?"self a new bonnet of bright colored

yard and a half of calico that would go "Where there's a style, there's a calico, but it slanted like a scoop down into the making of her precious new way,"Martha replied, her blue eyes over her face, and was more for shade bonnet. Mr. Blank had promised to twinkling. than for style.

save the cloth for her, and she must When the teamsters with their famipay for it herself, for the winter before X/OUR weeks went by on lies reached Farr's Grove, Charles had been so severe it had taken their wings. By the light of the tallow dip, a helped the children and Grandma out

stock and their crops, so that she calico bonnet was in the process of creaand then turned for Martha. He reached

couldn't think of asking Charles for tion. And such a bonnet! Not the long up his arms, and she tumbled into them.

the money. poke with the cape in the back, and He held her off at arm's length. "Why,

Even if she worked late every night slats to hold it in shape. This was Martha, you do look so pretty. What

while Charles was herding, she would something to make her friends sit up have you done to yourself?"

not finish on time unless she got the and take notice. She sang as she stitched "She looks real pert in her turkeyred

cloth right away. For all sewing had to with her one needle and leather thimble. bunnit,"Grandma remarked, peering up

be done by hand, and such fine, neat Charles, coming home late at night from at Martha. But Martha only smiled.

stitches, too, for Martha simply could the herd, noticed her bright face and She had set a new style by making a not turn out a piece of sewing that was wondered how it was that she grew roundrimmed bonnet with tiny ruffles not as well done as her nimble fingers prettier every day. around the crown and using potato

knew how to do it. At last the Twentyfourth of July starch to make it stay in shape. With

rolled around. The Robisons were goher piquant face framed in the setting of

ing in their surrey. There would be red she looked as gay as the red poppies

x hat night after supper was room for Grandma in the back seat with that grew by the hillside.

over and the children were asleep, the children. How the children were Mrs. Herrick and Mrs. Thompson

Martha's sister, Barbara, called in with scrubbed and combed and arrayed in threw envious glances her way. Well,

a new Godey's style book, and it was their new homespun suits. Charles she would be generous and tell them

that style book that gave her the idea. looked very handsome in his new shirt how she did it. After all, they were her

"I've got it!"she exclaimed, settling the and jeans, made entirely by Martha's good friends. "I made it out of a yard

candle dip so it would burn brighter. ingenious hands. of cloth, and it only cost me a dollar,"

"Got what?"Barbara asked, curiousThe Walter Thompsons went by in she said, laughingly. "And a good thing;

iy. their spring wagon, and Martha noted, I only had ten dozen eggs."

400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

da Luceal R. Curtis (wife of mission president), Salt Lake City.

Western Canadian: Dora Marie Lamb,

Raymond, Alberta, Canada.

Ckwckjl/loves On West Pocatello Stake

Salt Lake Temple President in more than three years at the request \I7est Pocatello Stake, 149th unit the Church, formed was '"of May President Grant, Heber as V-E the of Fielding of"Plder Joseph Smith 6, from parts the Stake. Pocatello of brought victory peace J. and Day the apCouncil of Twelve was in the stake are the Pocatelin Wards new 8. Europe, May the 8, Firstpointed Presidency, by June lo First, Fifth, Third, Eleventh, Ninth,

In First PresiSeptember 1944, theas of Salt president the Temple, Lake Falls, the and American Rockland, and in that servhad dency sacrament asked late thesucceeding Stephen L. Chipman wards. Pocatello Stake Arbon West the of the following Sunday on end 31. reices died President Smithwho March has of 5,203. a membership Twayne

hostilities, gratitude European ex- I. betained counselors Robert Burton and Austin, formerly of counselor second

to pressed that our the Father Heavenly as Knight counselors served Will who J. the Pocatello Stake, sustained as was

ceased. bloodshed This European had forto President year the past Chipman president of the Pocatello Stake, West request 28. repeated April was a half.and When with L. formerly Western, Myron President S. is Harry announced Truman President Smith, also Church who bishop the of Third as first, Ward, and

in victory that Europe, requested hehistorian president of the and GeneaCalvin E. as counsecond McOmber

13, Sunday, set aside of as a belogical day in Society, served as May a counselor selor.

prayer. In this, accordance with apthe Salt for approximately Temple Lake President P. William and Whitaker propriate services held throughwere priorseventeen years to 1935. First Counselor Olsen Jared O. were out nation the Church and on Mother's in their retained positions in the PocaRadio Speaker Day. tello Stake. sus- H. Edgley Leo was

F. the of"Older Merrill Joseph tained as counselor, second succeeding Missionaries Released the L/ Council of beApostles Twelve President Austin. Pocatello Stake, The f following missionariesgins series I 'he released discussions of radio were a new is with a of membership 5,226, com-

* duringentitled February 1945, with and March, Truth Seeker and "The Morprised of the Pocatello Second, Fourth, others not previously reported p.m., 1, at Sunday,monism"9:00 July Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, ThirTwelfth,

MWT, over KSL. He succeeds Elder Central: Glenda Maude Stradling, Mesa, teenth, and Inkom wards, and the Fort

Harold B. Lee in this assignment, whose Arizona; Thomas Fuller Rogers, Berkeley, Hall Branch.

general topic has been "Youth and the California. Elders Fielding Joseph Smith and

CentralChurch."of the of Pacific: Miss Connie Earl FieldJohn the Council A. Widtsoe ing, Utah.

Relief Society Editor East Central: Hyrum Thomas Moss, Twelve effected the change.

Idaho. New York Stake and Manhattan

Eastern: Buy Meetinghouse Glen Heber Brooks, Eloy, AriWard11jIariannein the ReliefC. Sharp,Society firstgeneralcounselorpresiRirie,zona.

dency, has been named editor of The North Central: Derrald Francis Ricks, "Dor the first time since it was organRelief Society Magazine, succeeding Idaho Falls, Idaho. ized, the L.D.S. Church now owns

Northern: Church; Harvey WarrenBelle is S. Spafford general Laits who now meetinghouse own York in New Utah; Stanley William Bawden,president. is the of Verkin, Mrs. Sharp wife First City. in services the purnewly City; Salt Irene Sadie Lake Crouch Bawden,Ivor the Presiof and daughter Sharp chased building at Street, 142 81st West Salt City. Lakedent Clark, Reuben Jr. J. a half block and a of Central west California: EllsNorthern Elaine Miss

the distance east of same worth, Washington, Park—and Hattie D.C.; Hadlock, Relief Society General Board the heart of Manhattan, Salt City. Lake Broadway—in of the organized newlyA[embership in held were May. Spanish'American: Laron DeLos Hyde, A Relief Society general board Built in the 1892, acquired newly Idaho. Rupert, has Jr.,

been announced as follows by Belle S. Texas: Jeannette Lavinnia Burns, Shreveedifice is a gray sandstone and brick

Spafford, general president: port, La.; Miriam Royle, Lehi, Utah; Samconstruction of Gothic design. High

Blanche Black Stoddard, secretaryuel West Peterson, Summit, Utah; Hulda arches, stained glass windows, pipe ortreasurer of the board, succeeds Vera Stucki W. Peterson, Summit, Utah; Joseph gan, hardwood paneled walls, and

W. Pohlman. Other new members are Smith Edward, Salt Lake City. clerestory are predominant features of

Evon Waspe Peterson, Leone O. JaWestern States: Matthew F. Bird, Hol- a chapel approximately sixty feet long

cobs, and Velma N. Simonsen. brook, Idaho; Thomas Grover, St. Anthony, and forty feet high. Seating capacity

Hair, Vernal, Idaho; Nina Utah; Anne Don is six hundred. floor the Reappointed the following were are ground On Pocatello, Carlos Miner, Idaho; Maude the Relief Society E.members: and Paxman, Achsa rooms, M.I.A. Mary Pocatello, Miner, Henderson Idaho; Mark kitchen, lounge, Luella stake B.Grant ofJudd, Adams, N. and Anna ward Hall, Vernal, Utah; Moroni Joseph Leonard

Hart, Edith Smith Elliott, Priscilla L. Sorenson, Lincoln, California; Jean McRae, fices. A subbasement consists of adEvans, Florence J. Madsen, Ann P. Phoenix, Arizona; Elbert Raine Curtis (misditional recreation rooms and a kitchNibley, and Leone G. Layton. sion president), Salt Lake City; Mrs. Amanenette. (Concluded on page 414)

Former Mission President Iverson Dies

Vustave leased asA.presidentIverson,of recentlythe EasternreMISSIONARIES ENTERING MISSIONARY HOME MAY 14 AND LEAVING MAY 23, 1945

States Mission, died at Washington,

D.C., his home for sixteen years, May

7, after offering the invocation at pre-

V-E day services at the Washington,

D.C., chapel. He was seventyone. He

was a lawyer of note, and had been active in Church affairs in the Carbon (Utah) Stake, and Salt Lake City before going to Washington.

First left row, right: toVEDay Rice, Darlene Afton Jensen; director; J. B. Colton, E. Don Inez Parley Spackman,

Spackman, Margaret Brown.

lights illuminating the ex-"Powerful Second row: John Faye Broderick, Haddock, Gardner, Jeanette Sarah M. J. G. Brown, Eleanor Seeg- W.

miller, E. D. Seegmiller, D. Merrill. R. terior of Salt the were Lake Temple Third row: E. Franz D. Elizabeth Wolf, McAllister; E. Berrett, William instructor; John A. Brown, Marvin edifice forturned the time the first on A. Butler, Jessie Pearl Harless, Matkin. LeVaun

JULY, 1945 401..-:-:x-:':->:":-:-:.:'i:'..

TJeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake * * Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network THROUGH KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM EVERY

By RICHARD L EVANS Sunday at 12:00 noon Eastern War Time, 11:00 a.m. Central War

Time, 10:00 a.m. Mountain WarTime, and 9:00 a.m. PacificWar Time.

We J-raJXeteon in oLeaderdh,f -jror Jkh

TT7ithin the week we have had yet further evidence, if Tt is good that a nation this day should be called to prayer we needed any, of the unspeakable consequences that and thanksgiving. We have much yet to ask, and exceedcan come into the lives of those who follow after false ingly much to be grateful for. Victory is ours in part, and,

leadership. The record of mankind has given us altogether God being willing, there will come a day—not too far

too many examples of the widespread misery caused by distant, we hope—when it will be ours more completely.

men who have more power than principle, more ambition Among those things for which we pray this day is humility.

than altruism, more influence than integrity. Leadership built It is difficult for some to be humble even in defeat. It is

upon such false foundations inevitably collapses—and the also difficult to be humble in victory. We pray that we

more pretentious it is, the greater the fall—but the greater may be so. To pray does not mean the same thing to all

also is the misery that follows in its wake, not for the men. There are those to whom it is but a formality—anleaders only, but, bitterly, for all. There is solemnly upon established custom, an accepted pattern—for men to speak

us, unforgettably, we hope, an awareness of the grave reand to hear on set occasions. There are those to whom

sponsibility of choosing whom we shall follow, because prayer is but a last desperate gesture. There are those to

the gift of leadership is sometimes found among safe and whom prayer is believed to be but the selfheard expression honorable men, and sometimes, tragically, it is found among of hopes and wishes that we think to ourselves. But prayers

unsafe men. And the obligation is upon all peoples to look which do not go beyond these limitations fall short of the

searchingly to themselves and to their leadership, because full meaning of prayer. That prayer which offers nothing

we are all responsible, to greater or lesser degree, for those more than a psychological satisfaction is not enough for we follow. No tyrant stands alone. Tyranny is possible the mother who prays for a son on a distant battlefront;

only because of the many who support it. Widespread not enough for one who watches at the bedside of a stricken

corruption is possible only because of the many who share child; not enough for statesmen struggling with grievous

in it. Loss of freedom is possible only because of the many, world problems; not enough when, beyond all human help,

who, to begin with at least, are willing to trade freedom we still need help. The prayers which find full meaning in our

for something else. And so, to a generation that has been lives are in truth conversations between man and his Maker

seeks that world thinking to into ashocked earnestly—and his child of confidences and a between exchange

reminder: the as Look—the comes its onlypeace hope—again this mindful, Eternal be of this may we ever Father. And pattern the leaders; to your lookto yourselves, watch and

: That there is a God in heaven in whosetake shape; watch for the early signs of things to come; day—and always

appraise all trends in the light of that history which has image men were created, who is the Maker of heaven and so often repeated itself and according to the words of earth, who is our Eternal Father, who is mindful of us all, wise and inspired men, and by these standards determine and who hears and answers the prayers of his children.

whether or not those who give direction are committed to Of this an unnumbered host in our own generation testify less power and more freedom or to more power and less from their daily experience; and of this have many on the

freedom; whether or not their intended destination is one battle fronts of the world borne witness who have been

at which we would be willing to arrive. Good leadership sustained in their time of need when they were pushed bedesire itself of in the midst a people maintaincannot who as though a voice had all human yond resources—sustained

will the is survive of a leadership cannot bad; badwhat It their burdens. as though a hand had lifted spoken,people who earnestly want what is good—but between well that this day should be a day of prayer, a day of thanksis

and, having there are thosethese extremes who compromise;

of principle to begin with, small concessions many giving for countless blessings, a day on which to pray formade peoples have permitted themselves, for one cause or anthe peace of the world, for the comfort of those who mourn, other, to follow false leadership to the point where they for restoration of the wounded, in mind, in body, and in couldn't turn back. This is the lesson that the events of spirit—for completeness of victory, for hearts free from

the week have rewritten on the pages of the world's history, bitterness, for success to every righteous cause. For these

for all who will, to see and to learn. things we pray, not doubting.

—May 6, 1945.—May 13, 1945.

402 THE IMPROVEMENT FRA.".:::;:':Sv.v......,;.

.:: x:::;:-x:->----:'::'V:::-:>>:-:o >::::::::

.>

)qj]

;:W!?:'-Xv:'reSPs? ij&wdg

fi /-"raw real. 4 E lives. There are many kinds of remembrance, some # of which are superficial and some of which are acutely

itself is that to confines formal a kind of remembrance are perhaps lives are they of our needsHPhe many—but of, foris then disposed ceremoniously and occasions—thatThere ourselves permit to supas sometimes not as many we

is of subject the of kind remembrance which gotten—the to inclined are often are, children thepose. Like we we

lip outscheduled periodic sort of planned and service—a happiness, essential but to our are think things forpray we

fill air, fine in the as phrases sentiment of pouring and which little happiness. fact, to with in As ourwhich, do have may until into forgetfulness, special another quickly occasion fade

to frequently children, what seem want wedo some we is constant calls again. there the also forth rememBut them

us, regardless to the of and consequences regardlesswant is of for every every hour of those an brance day whom it often us. are to to give else withoutof to has go who We unforgettable of them remembrance who memorial—the benefit, exto the particularinclined for our to pray own

is It lost that love. well nation pause, those they a have the others, to interests sometimesclusion of and of the

it for to soberly only something day, remember even a were for things justice whether pray ofexclusion and fairness—to institutions to free of enjoy, the solemnly of cost the we things not. the pray Sometimes or deserve them wewe sacrificed lives part of that as the been have remember

it for, somethingfor, be also praying others are and may it cost the to purchase what remember would price—and other against each have, thusthat cannot and both pray we

if, this for reason to again freedom, whatany back win to in contest pray our opponent both and a when we—as it. it well lose to soever, ever should This be would we least thing. not thewin, cannot both and Men win—at all the price that circumstances, under remember, so we

for weather "favorable"sometimes pray conditions—oftensame shall generation generation not have to from paid have

is to that favorable damagingforgetting be one may what in lost cause. are a while our about paid been And we rightly at times, earnestlyto another. and pray may We is that forget again remembering, never peace we may life for for continuing long point view, someso of our from

lose, easily they unless perishable, that have what men may life in accomplished been has and purpose whoseone who vigilance, selfrestraint, in price continuing a they and pay for scenes, to other right and the tohas on earned move that the in history humility. prayerful we remember May blessed in the death plans of Providence, be a wouldwhom,

time, anciently within both our and own of many nations, is counterconfusionrelease. there of and Thus, much

to the victory has but yesterday's sometimes be proved the in as only prayers the men, such of and wisdompurpose also to that tomorrow's prelude remember we May justice bring reconcile to orderpatience and and of can God is bitterly grimly, in costly victory so even costly—notdefeat. will so, continue to doubt that does, do and he we—and

is it costly, heartbreakingly fact as of which war,defeat—but "... It for notnot. wrote: Paul what know we was who association their the of of deprived those been have who.",. for as (Romans ought which should pray 8:26)we we special ones, reminder. need of loved no every For them day

is inis fervent us. desire than true of of There more. many

its this for reminder. to brings you day And own whom trust, gratitude, prayer. also shoulda be and There worthy

is personal fresh loss of a deep of day and Day..."if done. will resignation: necessary, (Matthew be "Thy

life give also troubled to us gave who He Memorialsorrow—may this, concede our impose Unless6:10.) wisdom we we life reality is that his the assurance hearts of youreternal—and in caseagainst the prayer of which God, a wisdom may

is parted that here from there no have one we whom whom teasing or of the coaxing as a abecome demand child—as live cherish again, and in with yet and not know we may of consequences. regardlessinsisted Father upon "Our Father. of the our kingdom

in art thy heaven, Hallowed name.which be kingdom Thy

27, 1945.—May

it is earth, in in will as done heaven."become. (MatThy

thew 6:9, 10.) Copyright. 1945.

—May 20, 1945.

\Jf Kemernhememorance

"\TJ7e approach again another day of re membrance, not that the bereaved need to be reminded of those who have departed, but rather that a nation may be reminded of its honored dead, and of the causes for which they have given their

JULY, 1945 403

the Twelve Apostles, fasting and praying, assembled in the Salt Lake Temple to consider the future government of the Church. When the call to the presidency Editorials came to George Albert Smith, then President of the

Council of the Twelve, all were happy. With beautiful,

Ljeome Attbeft Jmitk simple,apart toandthisimpressivehigh office—thewords, hegreatestwas ordainedin the worldand set

President of the Church of Jesus Christ Elder George F. Richards being voice, he ranking next

of Latterday Saints in length of service in the Council of the Twelve. Now it is our privilege to support our President,

"T ovest thou me?"Then, "feed my sheep."chosen of God, with our faith, prayers, and righteous

*"* By that divine test, President George Albert works. As we do so, we shall prosper. The word of

Smith loves the Lord mightily. In season and out of the Lord on April 6, 1830, concerning the first elder of

season, throughout his life, he has sought out those ill at the Church, is binding upon us today as then:

ease, in body, mind, or spirit, and has given them comThou [the Church].shalt give heed unto all his words and

fort and courage. He has walked in upon the needy, commandments which he shall give unto you as he receiveth

usually without previous appointment, to bless them them, walking in all holiness before me; for his word ye shall

and to help them. When he has left, the spirit of life receive, as if from mine own mouth, in all patience and faith.

and peace has remained. The mighty and the humble, For by doing these things the gates of hell shall not prevail

the high and the low, of any station and every condition, against you; yea, and the Lord God will disperse the powers

of darkness before from you, and cause the heavens to shake his received have saints and sinners, compassionate for your good, glory. and his name's ministrations, as far as his strength would permit. As

all are of the divine family, all were his brethren and sisters. It was not for him to choose. He served them -Jhe rirst j-residenc all.

This is the key to President Smith's life and labors. Of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

It is also a proof of his fitness to serve his generation as the Lord's mouthpiece. Only with love, deep, sincere, Immediately after his ordination, President George

unending, can the Lord's purposes be consummated. Albert Smith completed the organization of the First

Without love we are but as "sounding brass or a tinkling Presidency, by choosing as his counselors Elders J.

cymbal."Reuben Clark, Jr. and David O. McKay. He was voice

Youth has always received President Smith's earnest in ordaining them and setting them apart to their reattention. In every boy and girl he has seen the coming spective offices. In this he followed the pattern, given

man and woman. To prepare them for life and its duties, by divine revelation, which provides that the president

to teach them truth as a shield against temptation and of every priesthood quorum or council shall be assisted sin, and to qualify them to carry onward the latterday by two counselors.

work of the Lord, has been his eager thought and desire. Strong men these counselors are, these our brethren

He has been a constant friend of womanhood. He who have been chosen to uphold the arms of the Presihas recognized the powerful service of women in builddent of the Church—strong in natural endowments,

ing the kingdom of God and in preserving faith among strong in faith, strong in selfsacrifice, strong in devothe people, especially in the hearts of their children tion—all for the promotion of the Lord's latterday

and husbands. He has seen with admiring eyes, somework. They are rich in experience. Both have already

times through tears, the sacrifices of the mothers and served in the First Presidency; both, throughout life,

wives of modern Israel. He has ever been willing to have labored in their respective callings for the cause

accord them their rightful place and honor by the side of truth; both have toiled to know the gospel, and have

of man in the establishment of the Lord's work, which rejoiced in making it a part of their daily living. Their

is for men and woman alike. lives are as open books before the people.

He has admonished the priesthood of the Church to To the First Presidency, so organized, belong always study the gospel, to remain active in doing good works, "the keys of the kingdom."Therefore, in the words of

and to labor in a spirit of love of God and man. The the Lord

certainty of the conquering of the priesthood, power receiveth receiveth those the First Presime, Whosoever divine power, over righteousness, evil, and for has been dency, have sent, counselors I have made whom whom I a favorite theme in his public and private speech. There my name's sake unto you. for

is no fear in his heart as to the outcome of the Lord's purposes, if we will but honor God's gifts to us. The First Presidency so organized are welcomed by

people, the in the households of the Saints and for them to the high equipped well President Smith comes arise for their daily prayers welfare. seer, to the prophet, as president, position and revelator

Church. He comes of a noble pedigree within the

Church. His forebears are traced to the very beginning

of American civilization. In his veins runs the best Ljeome r. Klchamd

blood of the world. Honors have come to him in state President of the Council of the Twelve

and nation. In education, business, and public affairs

he has held notable positions and has been a wise coun- "Ceest thou a man diligent in his business; he shall

selor. He is intelligent, wellinformed, widely traveled, stand before kings."The lifelong business of

and experienced in the affairs of men. He knows the President George F. Richards has been the establishgospel and has lived its doctrine all his life. While he ment of the kingdom of God on earth. In this he has

is a man among men, he is, above all else, a humble, been singlehearted and diligent. He stands and shall

devoted servant of God. He may be trusted to direct, stand before the king who is the Master of all.

in fairness and understanding, the temporal as well as The steady course of President Richards'life has won the spiritual concerns of the Church. His simple relithe admiration of all. His successful family life; his

ance upon the Lord will make him sensitive to the firm adherence to gospel truth; his service to the living

divine message from the mind of God. Therefore, his and the dead; his intelligent, clear exposition of gospel

labors will be acceptable to the Church and to all conprinciples—have endeared him to the Church as a whole.

cerned. The responsibilities of the presidency of the Council

It was a solemn day, Monday, May 21, 1945, when (Concluded on page 414)

404 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Joseph Smith, Jr., was sustained January 25, 1832, as

President of the Church, and on March 18, 1833, Sidney

Rigdon and Frederick G. Williams were set apart as Evidences and counselors to the Prophet. The Church is never fully

organized if any of the quorums set up by the Lord is missing. reconciliations

It would not be proper, therefore, for the Twelve to continue indefinitely to preside over the Church. Under

xcw. Jrow id a [-'rediaent or tk e the spirit of revelation they should proceed to appoint

another President of the Church, who should select his counselors. actions then These should be acknowledged

church."of the "by the voice

After the martyrdom of Joseph Smith, there were The revelations do not say directly who shall be "several contenders for the position of president or chosen President of the Church. When the First Presi-

"guardian"of the Church. With the sustaining vote of dency was reorganized three years after the death

the people, the Council of Twelve Apostles took over of the Prophet, on December 27, 1847, the senior apostle the leadership of the Church. Since that day, at the and president of the Council of the Twelve, Brigham

demise of the president, the Twelve have become the Young, was appointed. Since his day, whenever the

presiding body. First Presidency has been disorganized by death, the

This is in full accord with divine revelation, which president8 of the Twelve has succeeded to the presideclares unequivocally that "the twelve traveling coundency.

cilors called they to are Apostles be the and Twelve It is of the places at the procedure. wise head This a

in to equal form quorum, a and power... in service. longest the has been apostle the Church He who

is, previously three presidents "the to is trusted them. authoritymentioned"—that1 the well to people and by known He of the Church."Presidency

affairs. himself the procedure of Church knows He

When the president of the Church dies, there exists no novice to be trained for the position. He can callis

no longer a First Presidency. In the words of the to his assistance, in addition to his counselors, any

Prophet: "The Twelve are not subject to any other helpers from among the priesthood of the Church. It

... First not, the Presidency than there eliminates and the shadow of politics from the operations where I am2

First the over counPresidency Twelve."is no The of the Council.

selors step into the positions they formerly held; if high

priests, into the high priests'quorum; if apostles, into Should there be any deviation from the practices of

their places in the Quorum of the Twelve. The Counthe past, it would come by revelation to the president

cil of the Twelve, holding the "authority and power"of the Twelve, who by virtue of his presidency, holds of the First Presidency, then take over the government the keys of authority committed to this quorum of the of the Church. priesthood. However, President Woodruff declared

in opinion, of his the president council the that would the actually the of Council the hold That Twelve in else appointing set for a aside be someone never "authority necessary frequently 10 and power"was the Church. set president of

his forth in the of the Prophet Smith days and Joseph successors. For example, in a revelation concerning the Moreover, it has been found that a long interval of

the Council of interests for the best not Twelve, given in 1837, the following presidency Twelve is by the is statement made since the of President days Therefore, of the Church.

"For unto you, the Twelve, and those, the First PresJohn Taylor, the selection has been made within a few idency, who are appointed with you to be your coundays after the death of the President.

selors and your leaders, is the power of this priesthood given, for the last days and for the last time, in the which On Tuesday, May 15, 1945, the day after President is the dispensation of the fulness of times."* Grant died, the Twelve assembled as the presiding authority of the Church, to arrange for the funeral, and

On several occasions this vital relationship between to consider other matters. On the following Monday,

the Presidency and the Twelve was referred to by the the quorum met again, fasting and praying, and, moved

Prophet. He said, "[I]... next proceeded to explain upon by the spirit of revelation, called Elder George

the duty of the Twelve, and their authority, which is Albert Smith to the position of First Elder, Prophet, next to the Presidency."* Shortly before his death the Seer, and Revelator to the Church. This action will, of

Prophet said, "The time has come when the Twelve course, in due time be confirmed by the Church.

in their to stand place next should be called upon5 to said, The Lord has so provided safeguards, that the conPresidency."the First he "Now, the Twelve To

if they kill me, you have got all the keys, and all the tinuity of his Church cannot be broken. Should all

ordinances and you can confer them upon others, and the Twelve disappear, there remain the First Quorum the hosts of Satan will not be able to tear down the of the Seventy to carry on. Should the members of this

kingdom, as fast as you will be able to build it up; quorum vanish from mortal life, the standing high counto carry of the stakes would remain on. And will the responsibility of leadcils your shoulders and on

yet the priesthood they would be destroyed, should rest."8 this ing people

remain, and the Lord would call upon a remaining elder

However, the Lord has revealed the order of the to go forth to reorganize the Church according to the government of the Church. "Three Presiding High divine pattern. Indeed, the restored Church is a marvelof of Presidency Priests. the form a quorum A. W. the ous work and a wonder."—/. will of revealed the with 7. In. conformity Church."God,

sIbid.. 102:9, 10

iD. 6 C. 107:23, 24 "Before a U.S. Senate investigating committee, in the Smoot case, Presi-

"Documentary History of the Church, 2:374 dent Joseph F. Smith testified as follows: "It has been the custom, since

3D. & C. 112:30 the death of Joseph Smith, that the president of the Twelve succeed to the

*D. H. C, 2:373 presidency of the Church.... It is just simply a custom."

'Times and Seasons, 2:521 Cowley, Wil[ord Woodruff, p- 561

Vbid., 5:651 D. & C. 107:2226. 36. 37; Discourses of Brigham Young. 1941 Edition,

TD. S C. 107:22; see also 102:10; 124:125. 126 page 128

JULY, 1945 405 Personal Interviews "\T[7"e are delighted with the reports we are receiving that officers of several of the larger high priests'quorums are already beginning to hold personal interviews with their members, lookingforward to the 1945 annual report. eMefcltyeiefc

These interviews are most important.

There is no satisfactory substitute for When the figures are entered on the the appreciation and understanding of personal contact. It is not intended that work sheet, it is a comparatively easy the Melchizedek Priesthood, which was

the full presidency call on each individmatter, then, to total and enter them on restored by Peter, James, and John to ual, but that one member of the presiyour quorum report. the Prophet Joseph Smith.

dency (not a group leader, nor a comIt will be necessary for you to request It is hoped that this affair may become mittee member) seek opportunity for a this work sheet, which is known as form an annual event.

personal interview. This should be in B-4-G. Send your request to the Generprivate, a manto-man, and to Stake heartto- al Priesthood 47 East Committee, South Notice Chairmen—Reports

heart visit, in love and kindness, made Street, Quarter City, Second Due for Utah. Temple Salt Lake

in the discharge of responsibility the helpful the quarter of will This sheet close to the second be VSTith work placed has thoseLord preside upon who elders'seventies'secretaries of quoand stake 30, the MelVV of 1945, June their brethren.over C. 121:34- (D. & than there is more one group rums that for when reports Priesthood chizedek46.)

in the quorum. reach due, should period and become

responsibility Our cannot be satisfied office Priesthood the the of General is also available extra There group guesswork, estimates,by by nor by Salt Temple, South Committee, 47 East for report of the convenience blanksmerely questionnaire. mailing a 15. later than not City, Utah, July Lake is small, secretaries enrollment where

visits Let spirit your in the be made elders, and seventies, and the and high on response had was A splendidof the gospel desire a with to humble priests are meeting as one group first quarter, a and reports for the comand take blessing a to your brother, roll to build using book. one sent been report t These blanks may parative has now

faithup his strengthen and his testimony request. also be had upon the president, progshowing each stake

of the truth. If you so do, the Lord will ress being made.

take the direction of the interview and

Commemoration Services Held It is desired that the stake chairman will result.much good

The real value of these interviews is Throughout Church ofteethewithMelchizedekthe secretaryPriesthoodtake full commitrespon- not in the accumulation of figures, but Cpecial commemoration services honsibility for getting these reports from in getting near to our brethren, strength-.- oring the restoration of the Melthe quorums by July 7. The secretary

ening them wherein they are weak, and chizedek Priesthood were held in all of the stake committee is asked to be lending them encouragement to "cease wards and branches of the Church on very particular in checking totals, perto do evil and learn to do well."Sunday, June 10. centages, etc., for accuracy before enSpecial speakers addressed the people tering them on the stake report.

Help for High Priests'Secretaries upon the importance and sacredness of The stake report is to be audited by

HPo assist secretaries of high priests* this great event, special appropriate the stake chairman, signed by him and quorums in the preparation of the music was provided, and reports indimailed to the general committee.

quarterly report, a work sheet, as shown cate that large attendances were had Brethren, let the completeness, neatbelow, has been prepared for assembling almost everywhere. ness, and accuracy of your reports repthe information from the reports of the It is felt that these impressive servresent your interest in and love for this

various groups. ices increased amongst young and old important work.

Form B-4-G WORK SHEET FOR QUORUM QUARTER ENDING, 19 ( To be used by secretaries of quorums composed of several groups. Information compiled on this sheet to be transferred to regular quarterly report form found in book B-3 and mailed to Stake Melchizedek Priesthood Committee.)

ACTIVITIES REPORT OF GROUP Per cent Per Cent Average AVERAGE How averageNumber Average AVERAGE PER CENT Percent Number NUMBER Number Living NUMBER MANY ATTENACTIVE AVERAGE of AWAY Average OF Active EXCUSED AT DANCE NUMBER MEMBERS AVERAGE Number ACAND ATTENWEIFARE Active NUMBER MEMBERS WEEKLY acAnd FROM FromHome OF USE Of Number NUMBER COUNTED meetings MISSIONac- CORRESAT OF WHO And DANCE During counted Weekly VISITS To Liquor THIS Present Group Group FOR This This ARY PONDED counted OR WEEKLY Name GROUP For meetings QUARTER 'Quarter (IN Council Members GROUP OR Quarter

Socials meetings With OTHER Of By FOR OTHER Meetings ENPerson) Tobacco MEMBERS

PROJECTS GROUP During DURING HELD Group Church Not Do THIS ROLLED AT held Have Divide DIVIDE work OFFICERS This IN THIS This WHICH Total Include Of This Quarter Been Weekly ATENDOF DURING 2 ITEM ITEM S DURING GROUP Quarter Quarter QUARTER 2 items priestro Those VISITED QUARTER Meetings QUARTS! BY BY Last THIS Hour LAST 4 3 away ON AND This AND I 1 ITEM ITEM QUARTER YEAR year MISSIONS AWAY ON Quarter

Missions WASD OR BRANCH 9

406 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. MerrillHPriestftooi

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE Cocktails and Success

CALLIS, A. FIELDING SMITH, CHARLES HAROLD CHAIRMAN; TWELVE JOSEPH B. y/je Voice, monthly magazine pub-

E. E. G. KAY, LEE, CLIFFORD EZRA TAFT BENSON, ROMNEY, MARION THOMAS MC lished of Board by The Temperance

G. R. IVINS LEVI ANTOINE EDGAR SMITH, YOUNG, SONNE, YOUNG, NICHOLAS ALMA of the its Methodist carried in Church,

April number a short article by Bishop

Stake chairmen are asked to make the Questions and Answers Regarding Edwin H. Hughes, which briefly regreatest possible use of the information the New Melchizedek Priesthood views a book written by James A. Farthus obtained, and to follow up through Roll and Report Books ley, prominent in national politics during the first the stake of President two terms Melchizedek Priesthood comletter receiving 24: the "Since Question Franklin chair- D. Roosevelt. mittee any weaknesses was He that may be office 29, from the 1942, of redated January

flected by these reports. the First Presidency in regard to the curtailman of the Democratic national committee postmaster general. and During conditions, of to meetings due ment war we invited to the reare write on You his of political years activity priesthood meetheld many not have Mr. any monthly inthis side verse of of report accounts

respective ings. in the meetings wards Farley generally Group as regarded was being teresting activities of of the quorums usual. as are course held of been have both able We personally and popular. very stake, faithyour accomplishments, understood whether wondering have we certainly successful. was He During like. promoting happenings, the and this letter the intention pertainproperly of all those intense years of activity did he

the holding ing of to meetmonthly quorum of the reports to great These are help not drink. or resmoke Bishop Hughes ings."

visit Authorities General conyour that of marks respect who out to the wishes 24: instructions referred to The Answer

ferences, and your fullest cooperation in were based on the government regulations of his mother Mr. Farley never "started

getting them to us promptly will be apand request that travel be restricted because smoking or drinking,"giving an outpreciated. of war conditions. standing example of filial obedience and

The restrictions requested in the letter of of victory over a liquor environment.

First the interfered Presidency in no way strange as it in And seem, early may Regarding Mothers and Daughters the of holding with monthly meetquorum all he a bartender manhood his and was Meeting ings, restriction the placed but upon was life closely associated with men who the stake meetings. priesthood monthly You for Stake "Program Tn the printed drank. smoked and abstinence Did total will that "Priestnote seven, in paragraph

Quarterly Conferences for 1945,"hood Quorum meetings,"the instructions ever handicap him in his multitudinous provision is made for the holding of a say, "these should continue to be held as now activities? Bishop Hughes remarks, "his

mothers and daughters meeting in conarranged."The arrangement at that time political admirers have boasted with

nection with each of the four quarterly was that one meeting, each month, of a liquorladen breaths, 'Our Jim'was as conferences. These four quarterly meetquorum, where quorum membership was abstinent as any Methodist. The smiling

confined of the within borders a ward, Puritan ings are disadvantage. at no arranged to be was and conducted The

held the should as be monthly quorum sisters yielders meetweak-willed the direction the cocktail under to fashby this of the ing. all meeting pertaining business At ions this learn stake from presidency. conspicuous may to the of the transwelfare would be quorum

Program outlines for the four quarteracted. Where a quorum membership was example, both that their plea of social

ly meetings appear in the printed "Prodivided among two or more wards, then the embarrassment is imaginary and that it gram for Stake Quarterly Conferdivisions of the quorum within the respective smacks of an insincere desire and an alibi hold wards each in the meetings would week, and of conscience."abandonment in detail ences."program more was A once of the entire each meeting a month quoInstead of smoking drinking and a by all first for quarterthe stakes to mailed

held. this should be exception to rum The being an asset, there Mormon strong is a ly 4th, only. meetings a January On in the of arrangement case few stakes a was reason these indulgences why be may all letter enclosing presidencies stake to of the Zion where of membership quorums, a positive is handicap, that fact the and this first for outline suggestive the quarprincipally the priests, high scattered was that is he a All the Mormon. world who third, ter over indicated: the second, settlements miles "For apart. many many

and fourth quarters of 1945, you will be Under such conditions monthly quorum know anything about the faith of the expected to provide your own program meetings were impossible, and these quoLatter-day Saints know that they are with the help of the outline, provided in rums were granted the privilege of a meettaught that smoking and drinking are ing the sinful, stake priesthood when meeting contrary being to was will the of the the printed 'Program Quarfor Stake held. Lord. does Then a why smoke? Mormon will terly Conferences,'be There no five In instruction the of paragraph the by is likely world The to "because detailed further copies mimeographed First it Presidency, will discover that you is he a hypocrite or a sent headquarters."from you Church weakling"—doesanswer the stake priesthood meeting was that to was not in believe the religion he professes held at only be quarterly conferences under further Stakes expect denot should or has the not it. moral courage to live restrictions, the not the meetings. quorum tails headquarters from on Church is If he to thought either be a hypocrite 25: In Question rethe preparing new these to programs, but proceed work or a weakling, his port to of chances visiting be submitted to success the General their for detailed the out programs own at are Authorities certainly quarterly lessened. conference, where

3rd, quarters 2nd, 4th with and clerk the help should the stake obtain the figures for Farley has Mr. always been admired

the in outlines the printed of "Program the following: for his courage loyalty, and important

1. for Quarterly Conferences."Stake of in and mothers daughters Number factors in one's success. any

the stake all inreports the over Church, From 2. of Number Drinking the these dicate value of and Moral mothers and Courage

a. priests high enrolled

meetings. has daughters attendance The b. seventies enrolled learn the from \\7e International Recencouraging been tended has and most c. elders enrolled that Sir ord Thomas Barlow, to stimulate priestin attendance the It is 25: that suggested Answer the stake M.D., F.R.S.C, F.R.S. of (Fellow the fathers of meetings held clerks sons hood obtain the and from bishop of each ward Society, Royal foremost in organization the girls, of number at 12 hour. the and or women same more the of the world of science) men died years age. of

It is that the suggested meetings be 12, January at 1945, the age of ninetyof chairman the stake The Melchizedek arranged conducted and by women who nine. an outstanding was Priesthood He committee will in advocate his have posare successful mothers and true Lattersession a copy of the stake Melchizedek of the Temperance Movement in Great

day Saints, under the direction of the Priesthood quarterly report which will furBritain. In 1913 Sir Thomas was presistake presidency. {Concluded on page 411) (Conctuded on page 411)

JULY, 1945 407

Hjiyieaiogy

is constantly getting fresh names to add inquiry.Jfnt M nai f\ecoafiluon Sheto her

ACCORDED LD.S. RESEARCHER IN SCOTLAND forMissa particularHorner is purpose.carrying out"Theher Mormonresearch

Church,"she explained, "believes in the bapis for the respontism dead. Every Mormon Scotland, of the newspapers ecently

theresible his wishes, for ancestry. own He the United and England,"D the find fore, his ancestors, of to out names States NOTICE genealogithe describing articlescarried in baptized then are Utah."proxy by who

cal research activities of a Latterday 1ST7ord has come to the board of A large percentage of the Mormons trace their Scotland. to ancestry L. Catherine is England and M. girl. Miss SheSaint * * Genealogical the of directors

originally Stourfrom Miss Horner came represented has 1940 sinceHorner, who the of that members some Society bridge, Worcestershire, has and never been in Society Genealogical Churchour orresearch soliciting are Church it visit in to she Utah, although hopes one Scotland registers of parishsearching stakes. and various wards in ders she continue day. her whether Asked would Scottish of of members lineage thefor prevails impression after replied: the as research war, she general "For The newslarge dozen a Halfancestry. the as long me."wants Church repreare individuals these that

story, her featured in Scotlandpapers departresearch of in the small sentatives Miss Horner which room The and Scotsman The them twoand at Castle, as often Society. works Borthwick known Genealogical the of ment

of photograph athe Daily little the sign Queen's today shows Room, ofRecord—ran fit to seen not has Church The parancient entries its from an former of of occupant copying (Mary,her Queen the into representatives send

. mirrors, gilded Scots) or couple a lamp. two of aid One a registerish by of purpose express for the stakes in of spinningwheels corner, a and few a

The most complete account appeared securing research orders. Our carved chairs hardly suggest the place to

in The Scotsman under date of March people are encouraged to prepare which Earl Bothwell brought his queen....

20, 1945. Excerpts follow: their genealogies, but they are The dent made by Cromwell's cannon still

cautioned to do this carefully and scars the outer wall of the castle, but the authorities that confident the Scottish were principles the to respect due Castle with at Midlothian Search Mormon records safe in the dungeon, be even would Joseph Prophet the laid by down Wartime Home of Scottish Dungeon in the case of a bombardment. modern the out seek should that Records Smith, we

orditemple perform records and of Scots Ancestry Research Council volumes five hundred thousand Three kindred our of those for nances huneleven from Set Records, drawn Scottish Up an having without died dead who for are housed Scotland, in parishesdred article the companion announced A in gospel the hear to opportunity Borthwick at in dungeon dark asafety formation of organization to an stimumortality. representative a There Midlothian.Castle,

late in genealogical research Scotland, after yesterday them sawof diScotsman the of The is It purpose the not of the under Scots Ancestry name Restone winding narrow, aclimbing down question to society the of rectors search Council. Rt. Hon. The Thomasstaircase. "freeso-called of the motives the state for secretary of Johnston, Scotbaronial long stonewalled so long, compilers,"in the Upstairs, record lance land, idea. initiated the Rosebery Lord table, working at a hall, sat in a young acwoman conforms their as work

its in- 1,000 donated pounds towards of light an the records the of by someupon with thoroughness, and curacy expenses. augural her just behind circular stoveoil lamp. A is It thought standards. established

consists of leading Horner, Council ScotCatherine who heat. The Miss outgave those of attention call to advisable has Church, officials tish of is the nationally Records Mormon and member a temple research in and engaged since there search her carrying onbeen historians librarians, includand known the Church that fact the to work from in out traveling and 1940, February ing RegistrarGeneral Kyd, Mr. G. J. solicitathe of approve not is does workfive week. She a daysEdinburgh their of Scotland. of endeavors One in orders Sunday Society tion research Genealogical of of the behalfing on will to a better be stimulate indexing and lists of members her send otherof or classes Church Utah, who School

their of preservation Scottish records. ancestors Scottish their to have want is Itwho the recommendameetings.

is increase the to Another of volume from the place of thetraced, with name society officers the of the tion of inquiries genealogical to a hundredfold she records which they came. Thewhich is employed person before a that

1854, to about is 1550 of present from the date number. searching Mr. Johnston that consultant genealogical as a registration began. compulsory stateswhen his to given consideration be due

RegisterGeneral, C.B.E., Kyd, G. Mr. J. qualifications.... castle in there a Scotland where was

ilthis that an yesterday was outpointed their stored, parish records were and where gatherers have record Some records supScottish can oflustration what of the since there outbreak had a been war people furnish our to proffered in of information. theply way girl sitting the with searching a notebook for at a temple work names in with this is simpler to "It do work much records the behalf of on community Mormon definite price for name. said Such each Horner, cheaper,"MissScotland, and to trace of ancestors to the descendants Utah

for Society her similar work should has done of procedure awho method act of Scotsmen in that community.

of the expense had shein England. There with the as to anyone a warning

traveling from one parish to another, where slightest degree of experience that Evidently her researches had sugshil- anything 5 from chargedshe be might feasibility to gested the their of them thoroughness accuracy would and search. for Here, her 10lings to pounds officials fact, project. In these this visited a secondary be centralized. the are recordshowever, The

times, several to inquire as Miss Horner research. of of method matterWe knowin inshe with was busy which whenvolume

terrupted contained records of the Parish of no reputable genealogist who to her methods, her measure of success,

Wemyss. would consent to do research on and they even proffered her the position

this for genealogist projected of basis. Resuch a

I the fifty cases of gain percent some "In search Council. that reply her was Her said, looking she of success,"up,measure Fielding Smith, Joseph first obligation to her Church, was and estimate, in conservative hand. apen On President, that she the continue searches for would of far the records hasshe so upon worked Genealogical Society the as as long services her Church all families five were over from hundredsome

Scotland, including the Western Isles.... needed.

408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Tiatoviic H?rie$ttooo6

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP Appointed Aaronic

COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY Jhe Uolce oft i/joiitk

Priesthood Music Director AUGUST 1945

Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS

Note: While city wards may think they have no need to consider the chapter "Handling the

Rural Boy,"and rural wards may feel they are not interested in the chapter "Handling the City Boy,"it is suggested that both chapters be treated in each ward. Of course,

most of the time should be devoted to the appropriate chapter in each case. The reason

for this suggestion is that frequently rural boys take up residence in city wards, or vice versa, and teachers should be able to appeal to both types.

Topics and Questions—Chapter 11

"Handling the City Boy"1. How does life in the city influence a HELEN DAINES

growing boy's character? For instance,

moving pictures, tennis courts, golf THE GLORY OF LATTERDAY halls, courses, parks, dance amusement traffic. centers, crowds, the SAINT WOMANHOOD Analyze

competitive influence city of attrac (Excerpts address Helen an by of efforts tions with to your persuade quarterly during Daines confer* a the of teachings young men to Church ence in the Stake. Helen Smithfield standards.

2. Do you as a leader of youth have the N. LORENZO MITCHELL is a member1 of the Smithfield

"drawing power,"and "pull,"necesFourth Ward.)

to sary with the attraccompete many Presiding Bishopric are pleased HThe is the life? of mission "\\7hat tions city of womanhood?

to the announce appointment of N. 3. decide, as a must frequendy boy When First, find to worthy a man who Mitchell Lorenzo as Aaronic Priesthood does, he will whether attend he your honors the priesthood be and with him director. music Mitchell's reElder class for or or atthe one of go more in married the the Lord. temple of The sponsibilities in his calling tractions will in enumerated be new one number

is design of nature that and man woman above, to in chance what introduce do have you an and promote adequate together shall unit of society, the form his decision? singing for the program PriestAaronic

shall the as family, rear children known final In analysis, the are classyour the of membership Church. hood As to race, the shall carry find in and on experiences satisfying room the to aclifted, restrictions travel will are give he

tive, life alert, family joy, their the greatest city of only hungry not mind boy? assistance in stakes to the and wards this in frank introBe into adventure also but activity. incentive the useful to

this to project of development have new spection. is Marriage ordained of God. in every Aaronic Priesthood member

has taught urged Church The and sing 12 the will ChurchTopics and the songs which Questions—Chapter that retheir accept man and woman into his build consciousness an apprethe"Handling Rural Boy"

spective responsibilities as and husband its ciation for the standand Church in is raised district a rural boy 1. The father the and mother. For womactivities will ards. His under wife, come quite different lad his a city from

that least an it she, at a during means direction the Presidthe of immediate cousin. the into the country Take boy

city and the difference is immediately ing Bishopric. large part of her life, devotes herself to

the duty of the home. and in evidence. home the token, Home take same By general Mitchell served Elder as has

life the city living. require into the out of country a heap boy and the of secretary music commitChurch the difference is just obvious. as Thereis responsibility of not The woman tee for years. the reeight will past He fore, teaching of our the country boy, to enter to try business the world and his a repas membership committee like that of the city should boy, be tain

first jobs, replace her at but men's men resentative Presiding Bishopric. of the carefully adjusted his to particular temperament and disposition in full view of duty is to be a mother in Israel. With

his environment. her home and Church duties,women will

2. Analyze the following as they relate have no time for a socalled worldly

to the rural boy and discuss, in each c. In counsel with his father, mother, career. She should devote her time and

case, how best his teachers may present or older brothers, he soon learns to efforts to her children, thereby influencto his understanding the teachings of make rather important decisions. ing them as Naomi influenced Ruth, her

the gospel: Ask him what his opinions are in daughterin-law. She must be willing to

a. He is in daily contact with the prodreligious matters and then you are sacrifice for an ideal or a conviction,

in his thinking, to position a guide ucts creative of God's power. Does the giving even up though mean it may

in decisions to help some him make he recognize as such? them he Does the things. of cannot put worldly She

his life well. religious as they are? what you? know Do retain the love of God. world first and

b. d. to trained for very carry being himyoung He learns to work how He is will Saint Latterday woman A true self, responsibility the significance of his to and and manage own

is for it own love seek to honor God, and dependable. etc., being farm, dairy, taking and Are early you at an

full advantage of this by giving him age. Let him help you "manage"he who has given her the power to apsomething to do which he can peryour class. He may be a far greater preciate and understand the glory of

form? power than you suspect Latterday Saint womanhood.

JULY, 1945 409 ) ).

tfaxi backing CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

The President of the WARD TEACHERS Council of the Twelve The teacher's duty is to watch ofer the church always, and be with and (Continued from page 391 strengthen them;

kindness of heart and sweetness of disAnd see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness wdth position. His mother, who came from each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

England to Nauvoo when she was And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the eleven years of age, was a woman of members do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355.

faith, refinement, and intelligence, likewise known for her placid disposition.

Brother Richards inherited the fine qualWarn JeacheM fl/{e$5aqe for /jvim, 194-5 ities of intellect and disposition from his parents. He enjoys the distinction "MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE"

of being earliest one of the graduates of the University Deseret. of He **if TiyTARRiAGE is a sacred relationship entered into

for that are purposes in institution graduated wellwas from that.recognized—pri-.. family. for1881, the rearing year, marily of a in his twentieth having successfully completed the course pre- "A flippant attitude toward marriage, the illscribed in English language and literaadvised suggestion of 'companionate marriage,'the

ture. base, diabolical theory of 'free sex experiment,'and

Early in life he learned the meaning the readymade divorce courts are dangerous reefs of hard work and felt the weight of reupon which many a family bark is wrecked.

sponsibilities. When he was fifteen "An everdecreasing birth rate and an increasing

years of age, with a yoke of oxen, a divorce rate are ominous signs threatening the canyon cart, and log chains belonging stability of the American home, and the perpetuity to his brother who was on a mission, he of our present form of constitutional government...

provided for his mother's family by "In some states of the union, it is almost as easy hauling wood from Farmington Canyon. to get a divorce as it is to get married. As a result

This work was rough and hard and he of this laxity, one out of every five marriages ends did much of it. This toughened his PRESIDENT either in divorce or annulment.sinews and built a strong athletic body, DAVID O. McKAY "The marriage ceremony when... sealed by the

which at eightyfour years bears few authority of the Holy Priesthood endures, as do marks of age. family relationships, throughout time and all eternity...."

At twentyone he married Alice AlTi.e above are excerpts from the address of President David O. McKay

mira Robinson, a charming and beautidelivered during the general conference of the Church, April 8, 1945. Presiful girl, and for sixtythree years they dent McKay's discourse, entitled "Marriage and Divorce,"has been printed

have walked hand in hand, cheerfully in convenient pamphlet form and is to be distributed by the ward teachers meeting the vicissitudes and responsibilas the message for July 1945. One copy is to be left in each Latterday Saint

ities of life. This couple has built a home. Stake clerks will make distribution to bishops as in the past.

home and reared a family that is the This message is so timely and of such vital importance that stake presiadmiration of all who know them, and dencies and bishoprics are urged to promote this project vigorously and not the pride of all who understand the be contented until every Latterday Saint home has been visited and supfundamentals of society. Ten daughters plied with the pamphlet.

and five sons have blessed their union. Ward teachers should carefully study the text of President McKay's

Their sons are honorable men—a credit address and be prepared to lead out in a discussion thereon in each home.

to their parents, the Church, and the naIt would be well for each bishop to have this message reviewed before tion; their daughters, eight living, are the monthly meeting of the ward teachers to insure adequate preparation

fine examples of true womanhood. Boys and a thorough understanding thereof.

and girls do not grow to the estate of This is another splendid opportunity for ward teachers to render a noble manhood and womanhood by great service to their assigned families.

chance. These parents led the way, set

the example, created at the fireside the atmosphere in which manhood and His discourses upon the first principles the flesh; his is the only name under heaven

womanhood flourish. They are indeed of the gospel and the fundamental docby which mankind may be saved. No man

master craftsmen in the fine art of hometrines of the Church merit the careful can be saved in the kingdom of God without the of is all,making, after Christ in on name which, Jesus the and supreme people. This thoughtful of study

efficacy his exbelievingthe of atonement. the of world.work F. Richards George delivered cerpt, a discourse taken from

I the token that same By Joseph knowstands at the of a distinguished head Tabernacle, Salt in October the Lake Smith is a mighty of raised prophet God, upfamily, all Israel. an example to is typical: 7, 1944, in last these days, the and through him

A perusal of his discourses shows the I bear you my testimony in all sincerity. Father and the Son have revealed themeffect of his early training in "litera- I know that this work is true. I know that selves anew to the world of men.

glorified lives, exalted personage, and a God letters"at the of University is spiritual. Brother Richards deeply

flesh spirit of having and bones and a body brief the as course His was. is religion His it regto deeds, reducedtureDeseret—asand in tangible as allpowerful man's, as heaven

are well chosen, orderlywords in arlife. in his sets lofty reup He is the isters earth; the earth in the Lord's and and

rangement, compact with meaning. He fulness thereof. He is the Eternal Father of quirements for the members of the

proceeds logically to expound with all men. Jesus Christ is the Firstborn in the Church and is himself faithful and loyal

clearness the subjects which he treats. spirit and the Only Begotten of the Father in (Concluded on page 424)

410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

( Concluded from page 407 ) chastity to flight; it knows neither honesty measured accurately anyway, impairment of

nish you with the information needed. The nor fair dealing; it is a total stranger to metabolism in the habitual drinker has been

chairman will always have the latest figures truth; it drowns conscience; it is the bodyrecorded by many competent observers.

on the Melchizedek Priesthood. guard of evil; it curses all who touch it. That this interference with normal body

the processes capacity cuts working down misery, brought has Drink and more woe 26: that realized Question Before we is to of the generally drinker too accepted hearts, homes, the broken wrecked more moregeneral committee to intended the use Gos- L. merit debate. Health DeBois; (Wilbur filled coffins, crimes, committed more morepel course, as a twoyear Kingdom were we Department, Milwaukee, Wis.) all suffered. the has the world wars thanthreefourths the through book. have We

faithful the Saints thank Therefore, we it feel completed like not andnow going do for the of of their observance WisWord in the textback reviewing and as in have we Beer Vitamins No their drink. for putting aside of dom, The iscovered the carefully. course your What great heard a people have many BECAUSE is pleased you. have with Lord been Yousuggestion for the the balance year? of

is in rich vitamin that brewers'yeast this of strength to people to bulwark a and 26: to Answer groups recommend is We thing that the content they same assume for influence world. the has been Yourand the quorums outlined where study beer. true of will righteousness. forget not Lord TheGospel has that been completed Kingdom

is riboflavin. richest stand source before the your works of Yeast good you whenthey the spend of balance the in the year in forty First judgment. the contains sevenyeast brewers'to Dried him Message ( The of ofstudy the Pearl of Price. Great are We 3, ty per yeast but Presidency, 1942.) ordinary gram, micrograms October

findsure will this interesting profityou and eightyfive. contains eighty to from The

able. is the inimical process fermentation to

Drinkers'Diet Deficiencies preservation of the vitamins. Beer is careITnutritionistsis a fact wellthatknownhabitualamongdrinkersdoctorsof andalputfully onfilteredthe market.to removeBeerthe yeastwhichbeforecontainsit is

NoLiquor-Tobacco cohol,fer fromeitherdietaryin excessdeficiencies.or in moderation,Although sufthe vitamins,beer"becauseeven partin aofsmallthe processquantity,of ismaking"bad

relation of inebriety to nutrition is not defbeer involves elimination of the vitamin ( The Voice, April 1 945.Column initely known and probably could not be content.

(Concluded fom page 407) dent of the Seventeenth International

Congress of Medicine and at one of the Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, August, 1945 meetings, attended by leading medical Text: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from the

men from all over the world, spoke on Writings and Discourses of John Taylor the alcohol question and, among other things, is quoted as saying, "I beg of you not to be afraid of having it known LESSONS 7677 Discuss: Who should be active in politiis distinction the between cal matters? What stand, side which beLegitimacyon you then of and Theory Mormon The

state to (held a of church and be unionlieve will reward."have your you me Political 313319. Topics: The Text: pp. the personal of activity undesirable), and abstinence Sir Necessity of the and Church. whichThe Position The Thomas life citizen, in political religiouslyinclined

Legitimacy. Principles of of the Reality TheBarlow practiced recommended and is vital essential)? to (held and be What of the of God. Government Legitimacy The his lifethroughout long great he and distinction bePresident the draws Taylor Force. of Priesthood. Rule of The Meaning to fanaticism rational "indeclared be by church tween government? democracy and Legitiwith Incompatible Force and Fraud in in selfcontrol is respect principles of the origin used the to something What for Right. Legitimacy and macy. The Need topic the church is government? with Compare risks."fraught withwhich untold At of the Summary. God. Government State."the Secular 322, of "Origin on p. testithe this of age ninetytwo bore he

President "legitimacy"Taylor Note: By topic, the Principle of FreeExamine "The life "I really to claim amony: be may in the to refers problem fundamental most President Taylor's 323 dom,"and on page I it teetotaler the believe to and be legitimate the organization: social has who 323Rights."anecdote "Equal about (pp.

inthe of parentalpower example and his thesis the see authority? to right For is question: the doc324.) Summary Why

it spiration to the courage moral which topic, of Reality Necessity and "The trine vital free of of foundation agency a gave."Principle of Legitimacy."(pp. 313314.) the gospel, and how does the principle of

13 is most also chapters 19. This and ("legitidivine authority provide means for See for Unfortunately themselves and

material should important not be and free for preserving agency? mismacy") the people indulge more world, many understood. or less in drinking. When grownups

do this, have they forgotten what inDiscuss: Should kings, rulers, the nations LESSON 79

fluence an example may have on the accept the legitimacy, rule, and government A Comparative Approach younger generation? "Youth does what of God? What do the nations do that is Text: pp. 324330. Topics: The Ecolegitimate of principles the with Approach: Motive. nomic it A Comparative do."Sir sees grownups was incompatible Thomas

the rule? are funda315.) p. (See What Socialists. the Utopian and Mormonism right fortunate the parental in having

of principles government according mental Social Ethics (with subtopics). Some example. of the of doctrine government to the God,

"The social responsibility of the inor, priesthoodgovernment? See pp. 317Discuss: A great was is raging. Condividual is commensurate with his 319. Discuss this statement (p. 317): quest and the spirit of greed is still abroad

degree of understanding,"said Profes- "Nothing contrary to the authority, rule, in the earth. Who will possess the earth?

are Various will the meek? ( See p. 324. in time stand of heaven government Who sor Anton

to solve attempted man's eternity. have) Is movements "legitimacy"J. Carlson, a great scientist andor compatthinker. and social are problems. is economic and ible Some with it incompatdemocracy?..."Where

ible? (Part of this question is presented in recalled by President Taylor, (p. 325.) Their

Drink and the Word of Wisdom the next chapter.) From past material and basic philosophy, that the economic motive

all is tounderlies behavior, rampant "legitiof the doctrine human how may is unto> smitten, death, nigh with discussion, world the day. PresidentThe does defend Taylor reconciled President be with Taylor's macy"How tribulations, followgreat grievous and first principles the superior of as gospel a secular as stated views government with on

sins. ing the of cardinal commission religion"is best, the out"? "our to reference Constitution? "way Which the American

Over the earth, and it seems, particularly or "their philosophy"? (See pp. 326327.)

control. is in drink the in America, demon

drink, strong with Drunken have men lost LESSON 78 problem?Do the gospelWhatprinciplesis the Mormonignore thedoctrineeconomicof

their reason; their counsel has been dePolitics and Religion group rights? (See p. 328329.) What must

stroyed; their judgment and vision are fled; Text: pp. 320324. Topics: Freedom we do, in preaching the gospel, in order to

they reel forward to destruction. Must Be Preserved. Fitness for Political be properly understood and not feared as anDrink brings cruelty into the home; it Life. The Difference Between Mormon Prinother political or social movement? (Rememwalks arm in arm with poverty; its comciples of Government and Democracy (with ber President Taylor's answer to Krolokoski,

panions are disease and plague; it puts subtopics). p. 326.)

JULY, 1945 411 themselves, for some observers feci that the seasoning which men in the armed forces are getting now will make them impatient with the immaturity of girls younger than themselves.

I believe that we could go farther in helping women to learn how to live hapowing pier lives as women. There is too much

feeling in America that life can only be drab and hopeless unless there is a man.

When girls don't get one, they tend to withdraw, become bitter. Girls need to ARE GIRLS BECOMING be helped to enlarge their interests and

relationships with people.

Condensed by permission from There are a lot of single women who

The American Magazine are wonderfully balanced. One of the? most happily adjusted, delightful womftuMuerd en I know is fortyfive, and single.

<*|"j'"|HE girls of today are all worried When she realized she had lost out in the for competition husbands a decade shortage. about They this man Ph.D.

* ago, boldly she set out a selfto make freely are By HENRY BOWMAN, that they will admit life sufficient herself. fine for She made for 'gunning'before be- a they husband Director, Division Family of Home and

friendships career. profitable She and a are maids. of them come old Many Living, College, Missouri Stephens reads theater the draws, a lot, goes to air shutting eyes both an and leaping,"

tack is hazardous to the girl because it may backfire. It will repel the average

sensitive, intelligent man because it does not fit his concept of how a prospective bride should behave. Another thing, I

don't think that the millions of American girls now at the most marriageable age (and getting older every day) need necessarily assume that they will lose out because of the theory that returning veterans will seek younger girls than

frequently, and is a whiz at making corps flier who has traveled in many huckleberry pies.

states and has had a good chance to size As I see it, the best course for any up America's girl situation said to me girl today is to accept the current male recently. shortage philosophically. She should

Such girls seem to feel they can reshun hasty marriage, and not scare duce the odds against them by taking away by huntress tactics the few good the initiative. It is not unusual these prospects still available. Instead, she

days for a girl to admit that she has should build up her talents and make pursued a certain boy. Some girls will herself a still more vibrant and appealadmit that they did the proposing, too. ing person and definitely prepare herself

a useful place in life, married or girls that are for many The boldness single. seeking dates today in and showing

husbands is, I feel, definitely illadvised. If she can do that, she will have a

And I'm not being righteous. Such atpromising future, come what may.

sy GRAHAM HUNTEUFAULTLESS FARM FUNNIES. Sunday morning visiting

412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cbofo Corner Permanent and Positive

Josephine B. Nichols This describes the effect of

PORTABLE MEALS Plan a whole meal on a tray and carry it y*/ to a cool breezy spot—the porch, terrace,or garden. CARBON

Hot dogs with mustard and little green onions in toasted buns Old fashioned Potato Salad Garden Relish Plate BISULPHIDE

Raspberry Ice Cream Pie on deeprooted Noxious Weeds, ApLemonade

M* ply this chemical by Stuffed Tomatoes Water Cress Deviled Eggs Sandwiches Fruit Salad with Lime Sherbet MACK ANTIWEED GUN

Topping Cold Milk / and clean up those Morning Glory

Jacket Cooked Potatoes spots that spread more each year.

Corn on the cob Save the land and grow bigger and

Fried Chicken Cucumber and Tomato Wedges better crops in 1945 while good prices

Crusty Rolls will help defray the expense.

Lemon Ice with Melon Balls Write for our free illustrated Circular No. 212P.

Recipes that add a cool refreshing touch. giving complete instructions. Ham Salad Ring mmwmm 2 tablespoons (unflavored) gelatin WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER

cold 32 water cup Division of Stauffer Chemical Company 2 hot cups water

SAN FRANCISCO 8 Y2 teaspoontablespoonssaltlemon juice 636 CALIFORNIA STREET

Yi cup mayonnaise 1 cup chopped green pepper Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO.. Salt Lake City and Branches

2 cups chopped cooked ham 34 cup chopped red pepper 1 cup chopped cucumber Soften gelatin in cold water; dissolve in

hot water; add lemon juice and salt. Chill Durkee's Troco Margarine is

until partially set. Combine remaining inmade by an improved process

gredients; fold into gelatin mixture. Chill that churns the pure, nutritious

in ring mold or individual molds. Serve on vegetable oils right in with the

crisp lettuce. fresh, pasteurized skim milk. IN

Fresh Fruit Salad foods and ON them, you'll love 1 fresh pineapple the flavor of Durkee's Troco 2 cups sliced strawberries Margarine.

6 pear halves crisp lettuce COOK * BAKE Cut fresh pineapple in cubes. Combine

with sliced strawberries. Place pear half on

lettuce leaf, top with pineapple mixture.

Serve sweet fruit dressing.

Raspberry Ice Cream Pie 1%1 packagecups hot raspberrywater flavored gelatin 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1 pint vanilla ice cream 1 cup fresh raspberries Dissolve gelatin in hot water; add lemon

juice. Chill until partially set. Beat in ice

cream; fold in berries, turn into meringue

shell; chill until firm, about one hour. Garnish

with whole berries.

Meringue Shell

Combine two egg whites, oneeighth teaspoon salt, onefourth teaspoon vanilla and one teaspoon lemon juice; beat to a

stiff foam. Add twothirds cup sugar slowly.

Continue beating until very stiff. Spread in

wellgreased nineinch pie plate. Bake in

slow oven (300 F.) for fortyfive minutes.

Lemon Ice with Melon Balls 1 cup hot water (Concluded on page 414)

JULY, 1945

(Concluded from page 413) into chilled bowl. Beat until fluffysmooth.

1 cup sugar Return quickly to tray. Freeze firm.

1 tablespoon lemon rind Lemonade Syrup juice lemon Ya cuP 2 cups cold water 3 cups corn syrup sugar cup hot to sugar water and lemon Add rind. Yl1 salt teaspoon

until Stir dissolves. remaining sugar Add water 1 cup ingredients. in refrigerator trays. Freeze

Stir occasionally. Serve in chilled sherbet Mix all ingredients, boil two minutes, reglasses, topped with melon balls. Garnish move from heat. When cool, pour into jar,

with mint. place in refrigerator until wanted for use

in lemonade. Use three tablespoons of

each glass of lemonade. So Fresh 1 package limeLimeflavoredSherbetgelatin syrup and three tablespoons lemon juice for

sugar cup So Smooth l/221 cup hot water Ginger Fizz Cooler cups milk 11 smallcup lemonbunchjuicemint 1 cup light cream cup lemon So Good/ 4 juice 331 quartcup lightgingercornalesyrupor plain soda water 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel Crush mint; add lemon juice and syrup.

Dissolve gelatin in hot water. Add reChill thirty minutes, strain. Add ginger ale

maining ingredients; mix well. Freeze firm and ice cubes. Garnish with lemon slices,

in refrigerator tray. Break in chunks; turn cherries, and mint sprigs.

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

literally true. few (Concluded Those 401 most of us who from page -GENUINE M in are reasonably "permanent"Manhattan Said Bishop William L. Woolf

grateful for the are opportunity extremely the of servicemen scores and For women of playing to host our have had we many in for the near or conDELICIOUS York, ON stationed New visitors. hostilithe cessation of with Now,

of tinuous personnel stream and navy army AND ORANGE ties in greetto look can Europe, forward we city's the great at embarking debarking and serving increasing returning of an number AVOCADO all ports, for those here and from come who will redeployed through icemen be who New SALAD for travel, the or study, work, ManWest families to sincerely adurge and York, we

It represents hattan "home."has Ward Fp'pDS ONE OF DURKEE'S FAMOUS their vise location of the Church's boys new

that at said time could attend been one any in here Manhattan.

a service here and find someone in the conSINCEi 1 857,: gregation from his home stake. That is al-—Reported by Charlotte Knight

NEW

MANHATTAN WARD CHAPEL Soaks clothes WHITER

Leaves no rings on dishpan or washtub

Painting to Hawaiian Temple Heber J. Grant gave an Everett water

of war conditions the painting for the A watercolorJoseph A. F. paintingEverett, bySalttheLakelate color to each of the temples. Because

artist, has been sent to the Hawaiian Hawaiian Temple was not sent at that

Keeps baby things Temple. Some time ago President time.

immaculate EDITORIALS LOTS OF tinue him, to attend fill his days 404) and from page Concluded SUDS at him fell upon with happiness. which

* * * First the of reorganization.EVEN IN theof therecentTwelve,

Presidency, are many and often heavy. Thus, the kingdom of God, proceeds,

But, the united love and faith of his never faltering or hesitating, towards brethren, and the people of the Lord, its destiny: to bless all people, and to

who love him, will buoy him up and prepare mankind for the peace and prosmake his labors joyous. perity which the acceptance of the gosMay the blessings of the Lord conpel alone can bring.—/. A. XV.

414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mamamum MICROBES LOOK HOW EASILY (Continued from page 392) number of years scientists have been SOILOFF CLEANS PAINT:-j

studying filtered dysentery feces and scholars ridiculed the bacterial theory noted that there is present a dissolving of disease. principle which will destroy the dysenAfter Robert Koch died, his laboratery bacillus. This dissolving principle

tory associates, Kitazato (Japanese is known as bacteriophage. The,...,

bacteriologist) and Behring, carried bacteria themselves produce it and on the work of their great leader, thereby destroy themselves. Much inas did also Roux and Yersin, the laboravestigation has been carried on to see

tory associates of Pasteur. Diphtheria if there is also a bacteriophage for each

was one of their great challenges. A of the other common disease organisms.

poisonous substance had been found by If this should prove to be true, then all

Roux to be secreted by the diphtherial of the common diseases could be germ. He wondered if there was somebrought under control. There are a

thing within the body that would number of difficulties yet to be overneutralize the poisonous effect of this come but some have hopes that we may toxin. Guinea pigs and rabbits were exyet reach that desirable state.

perimented with and an antibody detrimental to the toxin was found within In former times the common cold was physioregarded as caused by purely if thisthe blood. workers wondered The surface chilling of logical as conditions, such 1? Painted ani- f"aCtu couldantibody be taken from an seals, aJ,y a ai. 'V the diseases other body. After were intomal, inoculated help and man man and colds to germs, found were be due toto resist disease. the diphtherial These fingrFreshTHnSpores

of thought caused to be number by a te -small animals, pronot could however, SOILOFF Pi the are nearly germs which numerous wH ai quantities. sufficient onlyduce in It was -, Decatur, III in throat, always and the mouth, found it that the could horsewhen was found

nose. investigations apparently Recentfurnish the diphthe blood in which rt*

that diseaseproducing the show matherial antitoxin that develop, could SAVES 2/3 yovx filterterial, is it is called, virus or as L, in inreal protecting progress was man filits is, it in able nature. can be That -GoodGuaranteedHousekeepingJsight. these to the contributions of Due

liquid the containing out when the safety, that tered withmen, now say, we can through a is forced germ porous clay diptheria notthe exist anydisease need filter. is true, If this the then organismswhere in the world.

that nasal region are SOILOFF are in the found secondary invaders merely aggravating THE ORIGIN AL LIQUID PAINT CLEANER

T Tsing the technique of these pioneer the disease rather than being the discientists, most of our common disrect cause of it. It has been found, too,

eases are now under control, or at least thatthis filterable virus does not always their destructive effects have been very produce sickness in the individual as much minimized. By means of type soon as infection takes place, but may

serums the pneumonia disease has belie dormant for a considerable period.

come less dangerous. Sulfa drugs have It may become active as soon as the

been found to be unusually effective in resistance of the body weakens through destroying the pneumococcus germ. The exposure, exhaustion, or otherwise.

black plague, formerly the greatest scourge of the human race, today causes A Dr. Silber from Moscow, Russia,

but a slight ripple of excitement when has found that filterable viruses are dean outbreak occurs. Typhoid epidemics pendent upon living organisms for their

are no longer to be expected in civilized existence. Viruses responsible for the

lands. The laws of sanitation have common cold, influenza, yellow fever,

live infantile paralysis uncannot and control such.taught to Man, man how

bacteria are to furnish present them to the less readily betoo, can immune made typhoid infection. The disease of St. protection. Investigators have found

Anthony's fire has almost passed from that the presence of the organisms essential as are the for cocci known formSmallpox whichman's memory.

life for smallvirus responsible of the is a scourge a dreadederly was now in pox. are cases microbes which There reciterarity. continue to could One

that create tissues conditions in the so indicate illustrations the tonumerous extent to which man has advanced in the viruses can produce disease.

his control of human disease. The world Recent observations show that there

has become a much safer and freer place is a very definite streptococcus species live.in to which in pleural region the nasopharynx when

Roasted Barley Tree RipOven and it is fact, present. In is bescience has pneumonia of bacteriology The California ened Else! Nothing Figs—lieved that these organisms only when in until it has been complexitygrown

found necessary to separate it into a are present will the pneumococcus germ number of divisions for more effective produce pneumonia. Dr. van Rooyan, A boon to those who

that this streptofound from Holland, of the present more somestudy. At don't drink coffee. A into inoculated coccus one specie, when are: sanitary brancheswidely known

bacteriology, food bacteriology, dairy hundred mice, resulted in the death, healthful drink for all pleural of all of pneumonia, from them; bacteriology, industrialbacteriology,

find the family. investigators the to unable were bacteriolyetsoil bacteriology, and medical

ogyevidence of the presence of a pneumoIs bacterium. there a necessary CALIFORNIA FICGO CO. progress has been Great made in all coccusassociation the streptococcus between Leonard H. Ballif, President fields,of but particularly the above organisms? and pneumococcus

noticeable are the spectacular developments in medical bacteriology. For a (To be continued)

JULY, 1945 415 OF DIET THE PSYCHOLOGY NUTRITION The true WAY ofLIFE AND (Lowell S. Selling, M.D., and Mary Anne

S. Ferraro, M.S.. W. W. Norton and

... Set forth and interpreted Company, Inc., New York.

pages, 192 $2.75.)

scholarly, Taylor, dyJohn by field there is a nutrition the of human IN of the Church leader namic battle constant sound knowledge between through trying days, who saw and fixed ideas and prejudices about food.

the truth clearly and uttered it Ourtorious.unnaturalTherefore,appetitesillnessareof bodytoo oftenand mindvicsimply, powerfully—that all makes unnecessary inroads upon human hapmight understand. mentalpiness. illsTheandwellknowneating problemsrelationis herebetweendiscussed clearly and upon the basis of pracof After experience. a sane discussion THE GOSPEL KINGDOM, by tical

nutrition, the basic of there are psychology

John Taylor, is a practical exdiscussed food habits, food fads and customs, feeding children's problems, food and and of the gospel. position Contain- $2.25 affect nutrition are as they the home. There

truth, applicing basic it is as to chapters feeding also problems on due THIS COUPON!=

efthe maladjustments, psychological with this to as it FILL OUT AND MAIL generation able perfect of improper and BDDKCRAFT COMPANY diet on behavior was to his. 18 Richards Street, Salt Lake City sonality. techdiscuss the Other chapters

Please send books checked below: nique to be applied in changing food habits

Kingdom The Gospel final will find aversions. important the chapter In $2.25 and you this book A Taylor John By

deals the coneducation of the food with ProphetStatesman Smith: Joseph strength to susguidance and

is Dr. of sumer. G. food Durham..$2.25 Since elementary Homer By the most

$1.85 Reconciliations Evidences and of all in need. times find these tain needs, will classes man's of readers you

Dr. A. Widtsoe John By

in interest the help presented. here and views Setting $3.50 In Western Her Utah

of priesthood the quorums Textbook R. Dr. Hunter Milton the Saints, believers in By the Latterday To

$1.25 In the Gospel Net 1945. 1944 in the of the of and Quorums objective may chapWisdom, Word Dr. A. Widtsoe John By

is ters all, interest. special in All of and $2.25 at the $1.80 Standards copy. Gospel book purchase a

By Heber J. Grant allowing for occasional minor errors, such

$2.50 Glory a long book has been needed to help advance Paul Bailey By

health through the advancing knowlhuman $2.50 * * ForThe ThisGay MySaint

Bailey Paul By nutrition. of edge W. J. A.

$1.75 of All Things Restoration The SMITH: PROPHETJOSEPH Smith Fielding By Joseph ENOUGH $1 Signs Times 5 FOOD by Dr. G. Homer DurSTATESMAN, D. (John Jacques Black. The Fielding Smith Joseph Byof the

$2.50 Life interpreting Smith and Lancaster, ham-—emphasizing Cattell Press, pages. Pa. 269 $2.50.)

Smith Fielding Joseph ofByJoseph significant writings discourses and there the for all food be $2.00 enough the High Most Temples Will

B. Lundwall N. ofBy of particularly Smith, after the question, as they Joseph world war? one This

$2.00 Priceless of Value Assorted Gems livest is the of the of day, answered comto conditions. present B. apply world N. Lundwall By

The Vision $1.25 prehensively and authoritatively in this

N. B. Lundwall By there is Besides, of vast a amount This is a foundation book of revealed $1.50 book. Hills DUnto the important in information the for all book Richard L. Evans By truth, of the the principles applying

eat, $1.50 Always and Day who

affairs to of Q This practically gospel the L. Richard By Evans merits wide

$1.50 The Spoken andreading.—/.that is allA.ofW.us. This book Word nations. $2.25. price, and The men L. Richard By Evans Constancy Amid Change $2.00 HERE COMES TOMORROW

E. A. ZiffDavis Bowen By Publishing (A. W. Zelomek.

God's Covenant Race Chicago. 131 $2.00 Company, pages. $2.00.) H. Anderson By James

Golden Nuggets of Thought $1.00 are flooded with books on afterwar By Ezra L. Marler WEproblems and solutions, too many for

P Payment enclosed Send CO.D. us to read, much less digest. Here is a brief,

forecast, largeanalyst, a competent by Name sane BOOKCRAFT of the ly from point the of economist, view

Address profit ordiread which the with be by may nary man. Much wisdom is compressed between the covers of this book.—/. A. W.

ASSORTED GEMS OF PRICELESS VALUE (Compiled B. Lundwall. B. Lundby N. N. MUSICWe carry large stocks of music suitable for wall, 2033, City. Salt Lake P.O. Box

376 pages. $2.00.) CHURCHES '"Phis latest compilation by N. B. Lundwall

* of gospel material, falls into five divisions ANDSCHOOLS 1. mission translated bodies, qualiof:The

Arranged fications visitations and for Vocal and USE 2. of HOME story Instrumental The God. What gospel—the Pioneer a Family By Mormon

it to mean you SOLOS—CHOIRS—BANDS attic fuel your your save and Y2 3. of empires wrecker doesUnchastity—the ARE THE PROUD TO HAVE DONE WEInsulate in specialize L. D. Write music. Church We 4. scientific God's of health, law analyzed FALLS TEMPLE IDAHO to for material suggestions available. us S.and vindicated and in Lester pianos, Steinway Dealers and band all Private chapels, Serving: homes,

instruments, talking machines, orchestra and 5. Spiritual of themes strength beauty and buildings heat using supplies. musicians'records and

S. U. ROCK CO. pilations,As in otherthis oneof BrothercontainsLundwall'swritings, commost Salt Lake City, Provo,WOOLLogan, Ogden (and all cities west of the Mississippi) DAYNES MUSIC CO. of them out of print, full of interest to gos47 So. Main St. Salt Lake City 1 pel students. There are more than 160 selec416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

local governments receive proper attention.

to education, also devoted are Chapters WORD"SPOKEN AND "THE parties political and taxation, and revenue, Harper L. Evans..(Richard.. registration, The and elections. primaries,

Brothers. New York. 155 pages. book closes with a useful summary of the

$1.50.) increasing interdependence of federal and

TheTabernaclethreeminute,broadcastsSundaybymorningRichstatetroductoryactivities.chapters,There theare firsttwo excellenta historicalinard L. Evans, are fast becoming a nasketch covering our knowledge of the tertionwide institution. This was only ritory now known as Utah from 1776 to the

to be expected, for his simple, practicoming of the Mormon pioneers in 1 847, and cal, yet spiritual philosophy can be the second the story of the government of understood and practiced by all. He the area before statehood. This is the type

clothes profound thoughts artfully in of book that should be read by all good plain, though beautiful, words. Thoucitizens, and thereafter kept near at hand

sands in need of spiritual food wait for ready reference. And it could well be

avidly for each succeeding message. taught in our schools.

It was no surprise, therefore, that Since the book has been written by the the first collection of these talks in distinguished president emeritus of the Unibook form, Unto the Hills, received versity of Utah, its reliability is beyond wide acclaim; nor that the second, question.—/. A. W.

This Day—and Always, was equally

and successful. The third, "The I SEE TO WANTED market just on...the Spoken Word,"( Borghild Dahl. Macmillan Company, New

gives promise of even greater appeal. York. 1944. 210 pages. $2.00.)

this in volume talks ninetyone of The great have been books so few Probably subjects. They of range wide a cover this of a stimulation as one who woman

a to be man Evans Brother reveal life suffered her of poor because of throughout is a deversatility. There remarkable let that eyesight, to refused excuse yet be an

inwhich in each maturity liberate acpart. Rather, she inactivity for her on

vites the confidence of the reader. The cepted the handicap stoically, and with her

subject of quality direct comforting, the day brightens and statement for mother'sindependent,wise insistenceselfrelianton life,her buildingshe wentan those who "listen in."And the readthrough college, obtained a master's degree,

er is challenged into thinking. won a scholarship to Norway, taught school,

The messages of this volume are and when teaching as an avenue of earning presented under eighteen main head- a livelihood was taken from her, built a new ings: Thy speech bewrayeth thee; life through her writing. And with this acWHEN ELECTRIC

some fashions in foibles; some straight tivity, she still had the time and energy to WATER HEATERS

work whose to parents care for talk to youth; her brothers and sisters after her ARE AVAILABLE goes yet done; Johnny death. to mother's is not BUVFROM on acquiring a reputation; school; on clear, crystalline is the essence Courage,

of fear; future; contagion the probing all of us YOURDMR. stimulate of this book, and should

repenprinciple of the belief; of cycle capabilities to a to our use of and a better

order; in the world setting tance; on energies. of wiser our husbanding

for formula governed; the of consent C. J. time and—M. retreat war; and of peace freedom;

one's beyond seeing clamor; on from DISABLED LIVES FOR THE runs; NORMAL ever time against time; whom with in collaboration Dr. Yost (Edna

live. for tomorrow we Gilbreth. Macmillan Company, M. Utah Power of truth. lover for every feast $2.50.) York. A LillianNew

stayand old, servicemen and Young the of sets forth the aims introduction brief for a well, The do would athomes have to aid and book: "men women who to study, consecutive for or reading the disabled what to know and want become volume attractive small, this have "... to & Light Co. techniques present to holds"; future the of side the at by hand; near individual; 'handicapped'the by used be by A. W. two preceding andones.—/. agencies friends; and people family and by

whose job is rehabilitation; and by the public, who must understand and cooperate."

tions from recognized Latterday Saint Then the book—divided into four big

speakers and writers. The book closes with sections: Making Up Your Mind to Work;

an excellent article by N. B. Lundwall himGetting Ready for Work; On the Job; andself entitled, "Why I Left the Reorganized What About the Future—with many subChurch."—/. A. W. divisions under each section—proceeds to

objecexceptional, thoroughly really a do x3*X=< Insatisfying analysis. tive, completely and GOVERNMENT STATEUTAH others have of cluding examples who AGENCIES FEDERALAND will the in spite of handicaps, achieved book LL.D. Deseret Ph.D., Thomas,(George challenge. of these afford One a stirring so YES, SIR! City. Press, Salt LakeNews able asked he handicapped, how when was

$1.25.) pages.342 lost in far his spite to of having so go bet can both You furnish the () we

undershould all the people land free left legs, his the several hand, and thumb and o Appropriate best most and country and of their government theINstanda fingers his fourteen right of only hand when this it. book makes within rights Thattheir stated: age, thing about for I of years main "The Costumes you may need

state in the live all to value specialof who is in his plant coconut. the a power man Patriotic CeleIf %a dressing any compreyet statement, in Brief %of Utah. this properly, matit doesn't plant generates

hensive in scope, the governmental organizater about a few wires being down."() bration you have in hand.

fedthe also is described, andtion of Utah additionally important becomes book The with cooperating are whicheral agencies agencies of other analysis because an is made interthe with Beginning institutions.state HILLAM'S SHOP COSTUME gained. help specialized can be where A $ governments state federal and ofrelations

is indicate will questionnaire which given St. So. 34 Main () conthe America, of Statesin the United the questionnaire by some City. Salt characteristics—a Utah is forth Lake and set \ of the state Utah ofstitution well that able person every would do way the of discussions follow filleddiscussed. the finest with Then 10 Rooms V truthfully. to answer judicial deexecutive and legislative,state Costumes A

careful consideration. deserves This book of powers the and purposepartments, andstate institutions and officials. County and—M. C.;. 6>C><3K><3K><3<><S*><3K><3><>eSK>3*

JULY, 1945 $ 417 The Earthworm

Uke \A/oridd Lrlrit jrcarmer

By WINIFRED HEATH

Toof mostGod'sof creatures,us the wormyet isit theis wonleast derfully made and its services along the centuries cannot be accurately measured. The worm is still the best tiller of

the soil, plowing the earth, ventilating it, fertilizing it, leveling it. Neither human hands nor the most modern machinery works as efficiently and thoroughly as the inconspicuous but indispensable worm.

There have been a few folk, even among the ancients, who appreciated the worm. One man, Charles Darwin,

famous scientist of England, wrote a book about it. He calculated that the

worms of England and Wales, pass through their bodies and deposit on the surface 300,000.000 tons of fine black

soil every year—the soil which is made

up of an immense amount of leaves and (pAaciicat twigstable moldeaten isbythethe bestworms.thereThisis invegethe

fcduariiofL! worldbeautyandof accountsthe BritishlargelyIsles.for the green

Business training prepares for The worm is beautifully constructed constructive, important work andnot admirablyjust a bit fittedof walkingfor its work.wormfleshIt is

—in government, military, and with no head or tail as some folk believe.

industrial offices. The worm has a tail and can renew one

if it is somehow lost. It also has a head,

War veterans: You will find though no eyes or ears, its mouth being

the L. D. S. Business College a mere opening. But it can flatten its

to form lips, and two extending particularly well qualified to head it catches and with these hold of leaves give thorough training—and twigs or stones.

to help you secure employThe worm's body is composed of segment. ments or rings, and these are covered

with tiny bristles or setae which serve

Write or call for our bulletin hold—asas feet andmanygive athehungrywormbirdan excellenthas discovered. Underneath the worm's body

is a nervous system and if the worm BUSINESS COLLEGE loses its head it can renew that, just as 70 North Main Tel. 3-2785 Salt Lake City it does the tail—but only if the body is

divided in the upper portion of the nervous system. The worm also has a

tiny brain and several hearts which pump blood into the various segments or rings of the body. You Can't ALWAYS Plan

A remarkable organ is the worm's The FUTURE By The PAST! gizzard in which it seems able to grind

the dust materials, includtoughest

Just because bad you haven't a fire is no reason why you won't. to

It is literally glass. ing true that through past. the future Don't judge by the

the ages have worms worn moundown

Fire is a constant menace and may visit you any day. tains. is not only a walking The worm

Insure your property today and be protected against loss. mill but a living laboratory.

Better get your policy while you can. The green stuff passed through the

has thoroughly saturated been with UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. worm's body and sent forth as castings juices from the body, a worm's own

Heber I. Grant & Co.. GENERAL AGENTS. Salt Lake City, Utah fertilizer than any invented by man.finer

{Concluded on page 424) 418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA erosfrdmldcGmps

Theto followingU. S. SenatorexcerptsElbertare fromD. Thomas,a letter onlyfaith. 19... and such a fine kid with such

written by his daughter, Chiyo Thomas, Life is not quite all so grim. I've worked

serving in the Pacific with the American myself pretty late and steadily, but it hasn't

Red Cross: hurt me. The fellows are swell, and we kid

a lot and have fun. I had a date Sunday

Thomas Jefferson wrote to a friend in 1820 night and ran him all over the Philippines (year of Joseph Smith's vision): "I hope doing errands for my patients, so I don't

that the genuine and simple religion of Jesus suppose he'll hurry back.... I'd rather spend

Christ may be restored, for it hath become my efforts on the patients, which is not so muffled up in mysteries that it is conbeing noble, just realistic. This is a wondercealed from the vulgar eyes."ful "experience to have had"but after all,

I came to do a job and I'm beginning to see

Dear Dad: what it is.

... Sgt. Durrant quoted the above at a Chiyo

seedon't remember ameeting week ago—I

I least it to you? Ating new it before—is letter from received a from Excerpts fact that the about before thoughthadn't

the Ericksen, with L. Gerald Chaplain were Smith Jefferson Joseph andThomas

forces. armed enlightenof the in agecontemporaries

ment.... The Christmas season here was enjoyed

island, I'm the the and of on most men in a by our Sunday gang bundled up We situations the best of the we sure each made first the conference to tooktruck them and servthis time. in Christmas at are Many It Philippines. the inof the Church Mormon

island of the the held ices among men were fifty one. one hundred Between good awas

religious meetings the in regular to addition girls three fellows and hundredand two

I service candlelight held. a conducted being little there the chapel and (2 were WACS) for batteries well as of as for one each my to fun outside. Impressive andoverflowed

I island. all the was L.D.S. the on men 3-7- little spirit the of oursee but so many,

film, of "There was never a period in obtaining the King fortunate "The... is greater. meetingspersonspresent

I of to the Kings,"which showed men my

Monday the chaplain came for me early, battalion. in the history of this counsaid a boy was dying and was asking for We have now contacted most of the

I the chaplain. wanted knew boya island, of them Mormon the most and L.D.S. on men

to, so I got out boys to two be administered the in of Church. the are active work My try of ours when it was

oil administered olive they andand some to experiences with these men have been most more essential that the swell kid ( from Kansas him. such a He was gratifying.

such faith a convert) and had people of the United States threemonths- wife andCity—perhapsand will to live—a

I died. old he he'd never baby seen—but

for he'd of got hold Pomeroy, Claude whom WHEN PEACE SHALL COME understand fully all of the asked, and a navy doctor he wanted came, By Georgia Moore Eberling for. to talk to he asked everyone he got so implications in the probdin! wild or let tumult there be no last rational until the cheery and was He

in usher to It sacrilege be it OH I would died, but hour. with him was relations lems in foreign to kneel rather clamor, with peace sad. Sweet quiet hardly sowas we whenknew—terriblyhe

Even sadder, in a way, was the heartbreak pray, of one of the boys who administered. He's And weep for the dread price we had to pay. with which their government is confronted."

Sumner Welles said it...

Sumner Welles, until recent'ly undersecretary of state, who now writes for the Salt Lake Tribune each Wednesday on international affairs.

To the readers of The Tribune, Mr. Welles is one of

73 Blue Ribbon features exclusively offered through this

A group of Mormon boys aboard one of the carriers in the Pacific—Submitted by Lt. (j.g.) G. Donnelly paper.great Intermountain news-

A GROUP OF S 1 L.D.S.

BOYS IN THE alt EAST fatoe INDIES x JULY, 1945 419 aged to buy a fish store. One year

later they bought a fruit and vegetable THE MASAOKASJt 5rief Saaa stand in the old "Market Row,"and merged the fish business with the fruit

By ALMA O. TAYLOR over. By that time there were two sons andwell. vegetableLate one night,business.as heThingswas drivingwent

and one daughter; also Haruye's father, his truck along a county road, the truck

Japan, when feudalism was in flowGoto San, joined them at Fresno. A ran out of gas. Masaoka attempted to

INer, thousands of retainers served truck garden venture was undertaken. flag a passing motorist, was hit, and, on

their clan lords. Preliminary to the Later they were bitten by the "bigland- the way to the hospital, died.

of constitutional form of aadoption others bug. deal"pooled and They

tall, five feet scarcely His widow, was Mutsuhito Emperorgovernment, severaltheir assets purchased a and left for caring responsibility with the of system feudal the terminated (Meiji) in tract of land thousandacre Nevada.

children, eldest eight the of her brood their out turned on retainers wereand failure. investment Mr. a was The fifteen six the years youngest and ) started ( Mr. Goto San Gotoown. So as this regarded misadventure Masaoka

old. friends offered to months Though find toout a job. of the lack business to and due acumen

children others her of adopt some and little plant, but tried dyeing First a he started take course to correspondence a in that suggested might she place some confections. to making switchedsoon in business.

institution, little this deteran mother time, Orientals of the who manyTo left in his family Ruby Masaoka all at to mined her side. keep them The the world, tales the western of theheard to job hiked a Valley, Nevada, and of friends kindness the impressed upon (rich) the "Rice StatesUnited was in the smelters shores the Garfield on

entire family of appreciation a deep it San promise. of Goto TowardsLand"Salt of the he Lake. Great had When helpfulness. generosity and human California in his arrived faceset and his he earned brought money, enough

near the close of the nineteenth century, family to Salt Lake City. It was then

serving brothers JapaneseAmerican overseas, Soon a farmer. he becamewhere he 1918.

are, left right, former Salt to Lake Pvt. men landfarming became the anddropped Pvt. Masaoka, T/S He worked as custodian of a bank theseBen Masaoka, Mike Tad MasaFran- house oflord in San a rooming building in Salt Lake City, and manoka,HenryandMasaokaSgt. Ikeis Masaoka,not pictured.A fifth brother, Pvt. his joinedcisco, by he was where

daughter, Haruye, who had just arrived from Japan. She was eighteen years old.

The earthquake which demolished

San Francisco also demolished Goto

San's rooming house.

In 1908 Haruye became Mrs. Eijiro

Masaoka. Her husband had an orange

and hay farm at Riverside, California.

A heavy flood came and washed out the farm. The Masaokas then moved to

Fresno in the same state and started

Who were the Ancestors of the Mayas?

A fervent missionary, out of his enthusiasm for the

Book of Mormon, has given years of careful scien- r # tific study to this question.

As a graduate student in American archaeology he has devoted himself to the exploration of this great theme.

THE ORIGIN AND HISTORY OF THE MAYAS

The book—$3.00

PRECOLUMBIAN INHABITANTS OF THE AMERICAS

The map—$1.00

BY M. WELLS JAKEMAN, PH.D.

present this fascinating subject impressively.niiiiiimimiiiijiiiiimiiiiimiiiimmimiiuDESERETiiiniiimmiiiiiiiiimiiiiri mum mill MAILBDDKTHIS COUPON '''''''UUIUIIllllUUIIIIIIUIIIIIIUllllllllllllllllllilllllltUilllllllllllllllllUIIUIIIIIIIlllimniiCOMPANY

44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Please send me Dr. Jakeman's "ORIGIN AND HISTORY OF THE MAYAS"

$3.00 and the map $1.00. Herewith $4.00

Name Address

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

to pizaseyour &m/ly.. Finally the family worked back to Summy

homes in California. Then it happened!

Pearl Harbor, arid the military order for the evacuation from the Pacific Coast Serve Hotcakes area of all Japanese citizens and aliens alike; then the assembly camps, relocawith Tea Garden Syrup!

tion centers, and now the scattering all Tea Garden Fancy over the United States! Western Style Syrup

...thicker body, does not soak

in, deliciousiy different flavor.

This new syrup celebrates 60 years ofsyrup making.

MRS. HARUYE MASAOKA

When the United States Army was opened to American volunteers of Japanese ancestry, and a special combat A big bowl of crisp unit was proposed, five Masaoka brothgolden Ruskets with milk anders enlisted. Four of them—Ben, Mike, fruit is a real energy buildingIke, and Tad—enlisted with the 34th breakfast! These flaked biscuits

Division. Ike and Tad were wounded of choice whole wheat provide

on the Italian front. Ben is reported proteins, vitamins and minerals

missing on the Western front. The fifth for active days. Good to the

brother, Henry, volunteered as a paralast flake!

trooper. When the war broke, the

Masaokas held a family council, and it rlenty of TANG on a meat was agreed that all of the boys of age, sandwich keeps the flavor of except one, should volunteer, and that the meat fresh and tasty!

one should remain at home to take care theirof oldest son, mother. Joe The

is afterGrant Masaoka, now looking his The Perfect Salad Dressing mother, and doing a fulltime job on the IF IT'S home front until his draft induction call comes. NALLEYS ENJOY LOMA LINDA

little that Haruye, brave mother, QUALITY FOODS chattels family the essentialgathered up that could be transported and walked out of their California home. She and

some of the children experienced the discomforts of the assembly camp and the FIT for "homelessness"of the relocation center.

Today she is "resettled"in Evanston, any job

Illinois. There, or elsewhere, as the

fates may drive her, she, a Japanborn v* 0R"'X

Japanese, by law denied the right of

American citizenship, anxiously, pray-

U.S. PAT OFF.erfully, and hopefully watches the prog- \LEVI STRAUSSX. < LEVI'SREG.

ress of this war in which her America-...born sons, just as your sons and mine, SINCE 1850 FIT B ETTE R"-C>

are fighting and bleeding under thefolds of the flag they love, the Stars and AMERICA'S WEAR LONGER

Stripes, the cause and for they love, FINEST OVERALL justice, and decency.human liberty,

JULY, 1945 FOOL'S HILL

5uJ J\atkarine \AJerbach

%;-::.

<f-|\ ic other,"said my thirteenyear- corner of our street and usually had a

Xl\/|V X oldin mydaughterclass at toschoolme, say"theBettygirls didn'tcouple proveof boysanythinghoveringbecausenear.sheThathad

is a bad girl. I think she's nice."an attractive personality. But Betty

&4 late bicycle to ride her on summer as I used heart to tumble over seemed My—Illustrated by Robert Shepherd evenings, girl with another and boy orsaid to myself, does "Goodness, what

my Edith know about really bad two. But her folks weren't likely to

this because know beenthings?"husband and I had My Hill their parties kept Fool's than you are,"I said as

later. them out much Christianreared in both homes; had we quietly as I could.

life toideals for married not only our richgether, outflowing for VSTas Betty really bad? I doubt it. Per- "Fool's Hill! What's that, Mother?"but from it a

our child. Yet here was Edith offering haps she liked to boast of her free- "Dear, it's just another way of saystimulation to the gossip neighbors had dom when other youngsters spoke of a ing that young persons have to learn,

given me about Betty. deadline for their evening's fun. day by day, what is the right thing to

do. folks climb say Older youth must I that to could say Edith would What isn't It of to the nurture easy growth Hill. Fool's Hill single hasn't Fool's a critical Betty's of not so behavior be If entire family.one's give could our we it; sign limits. there are no speed on feel that instant to loyalty she'd dean it, the toattention not be might problem girls Unfortunate to have boys and against sides fend together her as youth difficult. quiet like Life doesn't flowso a Hill Fool's help. climb without have You teenage age? probmust One it's inturbulent.stream; cannot One to ears for eyes your keep and the open delicately. adults so lems know lesson mannersterweave a handleWe on good limit. signs secret speed and have You entire teenthe the of problems of at much ringsmealtime the phone and when signs received road through Sunyour that are to period weigh age prone we at the substitute suggests onesome you School, reading, Mutual, day good and our these teeners with young down this the afternoon. Cross shop SoRed companionship."good seriousness. heavy its child nurture of developsproblem

difficulties. I couldn't pounce on Edith with the Edith's eyes twinkled. "Mother if I

that out late night Betty with gone friends since and had "Well, your adwarning: Edith with her was Now here

I and the boys been have would on a things about are saying my neighbors familymiration classmate of a whose connections were more or less on the Betty, I insist that you stay away from detour?"

shiftless side. Betty's folks were her."I knew I'd practically throw her Today Edith is nearing the top of

wealthy; she had two coats for everyinto Betty's arms. Fool's Hill. Beyond it, she can see anday wear to school; she always went to Two words from my childhood's other hill. I pray God that in her travels

Sunday movies, and was allowed out training popped into my head. "Pershe will have the wisdom needed to

very late at night. Betty lived at the haps Betty is taking a different road up climb the mountain of middle age.

A REG'LAR FIRSTCLASS GUY (Concluded ftom page 393) You know we say a lot these days not much of a fisherman, but I underHow many of us put the bead on the about fishing for boys. Stott who wrote stand we do some playing with the fish

shirt in recreationswhite efforts a boy's and in to especially lana him, our the emphaBoys book Win To How pull trigger? the Yes, line him and the get make we twopounder a when on we this sizes through matter. Following

spit in life his blood, destiny hangs that's and catching! to worth ought go We his Stott Dr. with apt and thin the lack because cord to toon a with boy. ought be more we We fishing for as Christ suggested comparisonmen—let sympathy. realproper do Dad, Mr. a foo good, him Now, thecompanion—nof in that in emphatically keep us mind his you, mother,you, pal, and and too do do then a not and and wise—just

you, his teacher, put the bead on his our fishing we sometimes go with the we are listed with his regular firstclass sports and pull the trigger? fish, and we don't give him a jerk. I am guys!

422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Mmmm... it needs more red. Hand

me that."By RUTH K. KENT Will helped, doubtfully. "It's pretty,"Ccam he decided, "but I still think pansies'd a>LcOVIVl9 be..."

noon, long as I can't go to the Garden "Fiddle,"Martha picked at her arShow."rangements, "this is colorful."

Her husband placed his large hand She picked up the bowl lovingly.

over hers. "Why can't you go?"She'd better put it on the porch. Before

She shrugged. "My dahlias are she turned, she knew that Will's head

ruined."How strong his hand felt. She wasworkrestingpillowsidewaysfastened againstto his chair.the patchHis

glanced at his legs, and a hot weakness breathing was deeptoned. When his

sickened her. They'd always been such firm mouth drooped that way, a frightstrong legs. Why must he be the one to ening loneliness gripped Martha. His

after that sit in day, scootrocker day it floor the jerking across ing and when doors.color wasShe badclutched... hethe hadbowltofiercelyget outhe wanted to move? Unshed tears it was their only hope. She set it outchoked her. She must protect him from side, then got the velvet crazy quilt from

every kind of hurt. She'd been praying the sofa and spread it over Will's knees.

for strength enough for both of them, She'd have to hurry and reheat the leftever since spring when she knew he'd over soup and open some apple sauce never walk again. And though she was for lunch.

only half his size, the strength had come. But today, because she just had

to win that prize, her prayer was almost 1 hat afternoon Martha slid a demand. She looked up sharply; what into the seat next to Lizzie Keltner. She

would Will think of such praying? laid straight the pleats in her rayon

"Napping, eh?"he chuckled. skirt, then folded her veined hands. Liz-

—Illustrated by Goff Dowding "I was not napping."She went after zie sat rigid, and crocheted. Martha

the beets with a brush, "I was thinking. leaned toward her. "You enter anyLizzie must have an acre of flowers."thing?"she whispered.

.artha Beavers flung the "Tush..."Will reached for an ap- "Oh, yes. I have some of those ever- M, flowers. ple, other got "you Now sink. roses under fingers growing into climbing the beetscrubbed take blooming Wet..."I like his teeth pansies... pansies them."twisted touch into hair the eaves. of Rain didn't a gray wisp back

off "Besides, bite apple. of a cracked...its curler, tear. a pushed and away in breath. Lizzie her pulled Martha it Lizzie's let rain the on probably Lord last see. "It rained mustn'tWill hard place Ben would. watched Adams They flowers, too."night,"said. she stand; entries mighty a the some few on.'*

.. blotted her Will Martha "Why, the to Will morning dropped paper Martha's looking, sickly hopes and course."apron, "of her hands onhis lap fingered his hornrimmed and faintness over climbed. a came Then rubbers, stamped her pulled on Sheglasses His downward. shaggy gray filled the her. as Ben Whispers room fasthe blue foot, then bundled each until the turnedhead faced slowly he It entry. downright looked placed her shoulders. thin "Becinator her around for "Rain's garwindow. your good her, silly. but she Will'd was warned

I the let's out, near fore you go moveden."it. quick brought and headstrong had A table."Contritely garden!""Huh! she in the front of of My rooted Will memory rocker the the of grasped back She his sweater.leaned buttoned over and her. this pricked afternoon bay window it across seesawed hands and both with little alfor things intimateDoing Will try. if to didn't win, she she had Even grunted jerked linoleum. and the Will balance. her restore to seemedways whisher she nervousness cover To it If hadn't only help. to "There."dahlias those"Will, white you know third Lizzie, "That's to your prize rained, such a pered the buy money'd allI've rain babied the summer? Well, I I it? isn't time spread, wish had My, chair. But secondhand wheel good spots them."on brownmade for fancywork."now! a'shouldn't counted them on "You pineapplestitch to the going "I'm do

dahlias darling."so voice His much, prize next. to use Going money one my

pitifully for soft grass a big man. thewas damp 0,'utside, I if simpered, "to win,"she buy...

"I ankles. I thought nodded. licked But at She cottonclad know. her "Puny thread."

this year. KeltLizzie a things,"chanceI had exas she muttered Martha

aloud. cried heart Martha's Thread!ner's getting gardeners. trouble having flowers. her to her amined went She

... into and Strings to fancywork hook

... prize. she'll the well rain She quietOh, of win pool garden. vegetable A peaked. get and sit indoors to Will had does."always face reflected she as a solemn water

Martha tried not to sigh. Other years stooped to pull carrots and onions. And Lizzie'd win all right Because Ben

perfect roses, placing of red a vase was justthe a friendly garden been for had supper. show as well a stew make Might

Lizzie'd girl's complexion. as a young this agathering; prize the but year earth. sniffed of was the odor wet Martha

in vase, blue and added put some a them of star,distant her every ounce with strengthening something There was... white. Candytuft of sprays Martha it.straining chances her reach But to about it.

didn't snorted. almost have candyWho start. to slim the She'd from hadwere in the kitchen she dumped Back her tuft? win themselves'd the roses But plot vegeregular flowerseed her with the drainboard. apron load on "Want anything. tiny intotables, flowers the and crowd as she to Will she asked watch me?"

of admiration, and "ahs"were There the extrabeds. from Without money off rubbers, foot with her one scraped

felt wither. her had She hopes rent job, the littleWill's money the Martha other, under from the kicked them and

the farm didn't go far. This winter was range. a hankering to run home to Will. He

lost, matter if she wouldn't mind no how thosegoing to be nip and tuck. And

the she intended He'd to use money. that Will tidied the table.vegetables'd be a blessing, now

Will had to sit everlastingly in that old "Guess I'll use this flat bowl,"Marcomfort her. Why, even confined to a

rocker. tha tried to sound cheerful. "Wish I chair Will was still the rock, and she the

Arabout arrangements. more knew realization vine. melthe Somehow dusted pulled a chair and up Martha

.."ranging's to the judges.. important Lizzie, only with She pitied lowed her. print ofthe corner her seat with a

apron. She dropped down and rubbed Martha reached for the greens. She a hired girl at home.

her back. "Guess I'll can beets this afterstepped back and cocked her head. (Concluded on page 424)

JULY, 1945 423 nudged it was. She Earthworm Lizzie, "You The

prize."theThe President of the thin,deserve

..."(Concluded from page 418) "Shh. nodded, Lizzie

entry. the Twelve winning of the forCouncil reached Ben of species thousand a about are here HP

shut. eyes "God her -*- squeezed Martha 410) page from (Concluded found are they and the earthworm

it... don't about to be brave help requirements, me of thesein his observance earth. the Some all over practically..."let know anyone and persuasively he endeavors then sendand large and are very tropical worms

kindly to influence others to do the Clapping drummed in her ears. Lizzie up castings like huge towers. The

same. gasped, "Well! I never!"mighty forests along the Amazon River He is well preserved—much younger Martha's eyes flew open. She slid to owe their magnificent trees and glorious

in appearance than his years indicate. the edge of her chair. It was ajoke... flowering plants to the work of the

Mentally alert and physically active, he a cruel joke on her, because Ben was worm, and here the worms grow to a is, in all respects, equal to the responholding up her entry, and everyone was length of six feet and have bodies as sibility of his new calling. laughing. thick as a snake's.

kindness character, of soundness For and called, "come on,""Come is properly the worm place where One comprehension, of clearness heart,of prize, Benwhoever—claim your are farmers is China, whose appreciated F. George of purpose steadfastnessand about looked went. Martha one No having world, the in best the among in superior a without standsRichards more any couldn't move wildly. She thoroughthe and patience the of much of nobility the toIsrael. belongs He remembered she how Will. Then than farmer Chinese the of worm. ness No is with no untarnished, record HisGod. he rocker old when the jerk to he had until he farm starting a of dream would justice of and paths the fromdeviations going, Will "I'm around. get to wanted if his see to ground the examined hadright.."front... the to slowly walked she there. at work been had the friend worm her flowers of made perfume heady The farm. no worms, No behind to hide tried feel giddy. She

have years recent of we California InLoving Care Ben/ are they where farms earthworm after he had coaxed speech,"he a from page 423) (Concluded "Make all across sent eggs and the tiny raised thing bills hand. in her Good the placed

itself experistate the In country. the her opened arm. She her onto held mist he the wiped.Iartha that show Mi which been made have ments out. laugh came nervous a and mouth, Ben's to listened eyes her andfrom by immensely benefited are groves citrus shoulders her straightened she Then it heart, about byspeech. She knew worms. burrowing the defied eyes blue faded her and things to it keep care loving tookhow of of her bowl ashamed be demonstraroom. is wonderful a Why worm something. The added he alive. But today

creation vegetables? in God's fact that the... of tion patriotic beingAbout

to raise I decided and... ordinary, "Will.. is common, nothing "... into conthis mean—extaken we've And with they'll help out least because. the vegetables eye. Even unseeing to the cept he the awards,"in making sideration

feed help groceries. inconspicuous And they'll the creatures, his of offerthe of pleasure said, have the "and we they sailors. soldiers now And and and made marvellously is most worm arrangement first for an prize the ing

in her..."the bills squeezed she It is that good as mean its work... to adapted color,. beauty, everything that has

novelty..."hand. Her voice broke, "They won a English parson, Gilbert White said,

Lizzie's hawk face beamed. Martha wheel chair for Will. I'm so happy."back in 1777:

didn't blame her. Those roses were loveShe wiped her hot forehead, and

ly. She was a jealous old woman, where scurried from the building before any- A small link in the chain of nature, yet,

was her Christianity? Wearing mighty one could see that she was crying. if lost would make a lamentable chasm.

A MORMON WIFE (Continued from page 397) had such a pleasant day in school towho the very next year, when Manie years old, was to beeighteen only "I was recorded. teacher the happy dilemday,"later, in a terrible "I'm days few husband. her pupils, just come very nice really have some the trustee, highness, august His ma! on looked be, Augusta and Christmas can as thoughtful That as and loving to invitation an with honored has me

sisters'her of results all the at the good I appreciate amusedly can I think to ex- I shall have dance, the and now all course after school. future, in "Of to the going pupils of away behavior my all to evening powers mental ercise my

the academy, that girls from the home the of boy came bad behavior the bad For, of course, declining. note write a

I couldn't accept. On, I wish he hadn't caused me so much trouble yesterday and some of the boys came with them

said anything about it, for now it will when I was so discouraged. (By way to spend the holidays. We are having

three beaux, be so unpleasant. He comes every of parenthesis—we had to make our very lively times. Susie has

one, when and in- I Delia that guess two, and this fire morning. Manie I own fear fire us, but for a to make morning

as once, at scene the all is in the on appear bud they nipped passion cipient fires after our to will own have make we is really it amusing it flourish.) happens, for to sometimes is cold too winter I shall write thought, this. second On disthe given looks by black the see to dispose thus and immediately note my of smiles triumphant sisters the her consolate missed and always Augusta subject."unpleasant of an

letters love come one. the The favored separated to be she still had sorely when harassed teacher was young The private are there and dozens, in the to by longed she times them. At troubles from day. following the "My on lover's sighs, tears, and and conferences, Since them. affairs with her I talk sent over me. around thicken and deepen

suitors rejected adjusted, to quarrels be office, post no there was at Mill Creek lying after awake this morning note my etc. have etc., There conciliated, to be farm Roni's to sent Uncle mail her troubled was very having time for and some

quite a number proposals and his been two of until some I wait must she hope and sleeping, and now while dreams think I scarcely flirtations, but mild of Creek Mill to over I folks could getting come there. will was end matter that

in matrimony, result will of them any she beit. times when were I There believe with he really for alarmed quite two."perhaps and one though may homesick. really several came intentions from serious had marriage after Manie's did, and her visited One Augusta in tolOctober But I I cannot heard, and things strange is rather a wrote Augusta taking in Provo, their school sisters and some had have his erate haveattentions—I of youngest for our thing in her to help department in family—the: "This every too. notes boy, with bad in a school trouble married daughters marriageable older the the academy worK. At her to teach I didn't I have own wish, I wish Oh, especialis happy, everybody surrounded Susie sister charming found fourfirst—but more."school any

the young people."She met ly admirers. numerous rolled with away, the clouds next day But of the next year at In November Freeman, Will beau, young Manie's its face. "I have the sun snowed and

422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

plural the marriage as upheld by Morthe only as days, of former mon Church A MORMON WIFE system affected the lives of my parents.

Farmington, Augusta recorded the fact literary organization which has conIf, in the hazardous early history of the that the first Winters'grandchild had tinued to the present day. Church, polygamy had its place when

arrived. The taste for worthwhile drama, de- a whole people were driven from their

Manie and her husband at the time of veloped in her first year at the Univerhomes and fled a thousand miles over an their marriage had come home to live sity of Deseret, when Augusta stayed at almost trackless waste to attempt the with the Winters family. So now eleven the George Q. Cannon home, could now building of an empire in the West, that

people sat around Oscar Winters'table be indulged to a greater degree. She time has passed.

and were sheltered by his roof. had the opportunity of enjoying the perfa- their marriage, the time of my At really actors great of formances some at the says depot,"met "Pa Aume the age ther mother and were same actresses to the often and came who "I sogusta her of homecoming. was old. the years was justly He Theater. Salt famous Lake At—twentyeight all atdelighted to dear see the ones recently appointed most and youngest this introductoo time her received she again. time the usual happyhome Had of the the of Twelve member Quorum tion to opera completely grand and was sleighrides, dances, dinwith family

his the biogof of Church. Apostles One captivated. in the 1884 March Whenners, etc.

this as at betime described raphers him Italian played Grand Opera company it that "Susie so beaux had many was tall "thin, strong ing with bearded, and in City, she Salt an engagement Lake little toa embarrassing her but amusing a complexion features refined but and I truthfully "I that wrote: can say

rest us.to the of Wilcox, Mr. One, transparent. that an Withal almost was in the of never anything enjoyed way

old the to take to our Pinto depotdrove personality."picturesque impressive and entertainment I did as di Lucia Lammerfriends leaving. of our weresome who beard closecropped were His hair and it fine, moov. I expected something but

cautioned when GrandmaHe smiled fearless his dark, eyes his gray and were expectations. surpassed Gerster's my the horse to be careful not lethim and gave noble. carriage Already he was beautiful for descriptoo singing was

get the better of him. He drives a $1500 tion. Patti occupied a stage box, but promise of the man he was to be in

in himself Pintohorse and thought it said of was man whom It is sing. that will no did she not expected maturity—a to laugh dangerous. had Then weway purposeful, that his life of one was in three about back and weeks come

triedat Butler unsuccessfully a Mr. who living. well triumphant known was He If us. sing for Gerster, surpass she can

alanother, train after butto one take circles, as as in business well Church it will she does, which say too some be for remaining excuse found someways for those thus a target becoming who I delightful. forget to not mention must

a while longer. the harp solo by Madame Sacconi persecuted the Church leaders at that

"We watched the old year out as which was delightful also."particular time. Obviously it was out of

usual. Grandma opened the Bible, and When Patti returned, she sang in conthe question for him to see my mother

read a verse for each one of us, going cert and not in opera, which was someexcept at rare intervals.

by age, and we found out how old Mr. what disappointing. However, Augusta In the days that followed their marButler was—nearly thirty—he seemed was "completely charmed"and reriage, her life as a schoolteacher went

as averse to telling his age as ladies are corded that "the large audience in the on so unchanged that the fact that she accused of being. Then Grandma sang great tabernacle went wild with enwas actually a married woman seemed

oldfashioned songs and we joined in. thusiasm."more like a dream. Four days after the

I asked her to sing one that used to make And yet, with all the pleasant occurceremony she wrote: "I have to smile

me feel particularly horrid when I lived rences which she experienced, there is to myself when I think of it, it seems so with her and she would sing it to me in to be found in her diary at this period a unreal, and indeed I am inclined to think the lonely winter evenings. She came decided undertone of worry. What it is only a dream after all."

to the verse made the young schoolteacher write in She was not unhappy at this time.

There's a dark and howling wilderness March of this year: "Our school is not so large now and

Twixt this and Canaan's shore. "I read page after page of history, but very nice,"she records. "It is only

school. it. I a to teach such thinkamusement am We

I at natured. laugh are all good the Great,and we got to laughing and she, too, till ingI can'tof anythingget my mindbut Frederickon my

she had to sing it four times before she Maria Theresa or the FrancoPrussian pupils and let them laugh at me all they could finish the verse. The next verse war. Sometimes I read a paragraph over want to."

says: four or five times before I know what I A short time later, a plaintive note in

You had better stay with me, young man, am reading."minor chord was sounded in the faithAnd give your journey o'er. A few days later we find: ful diary which at this time was her only

confidant. pupils brought of 20th, 1884. "Some February "Wednesday, my

Butler lookedand and had at Mr. we all orange blossoms and I today long to This some remembered. me day be A laugh."another the about them in evening wore decision I gave a matter my schoolroom—the this realize Little that did Augusta I shall orange ever only wear long considering that for been a I have way

carefree Christmas was at home blossoms. I feel to be time. had no idea wisely decided that I have Of course they

that she of its kindthe last one would gift."of the of the appropriateness here I cannot and well. say even what

ever see. I would like to."Sometimes there were letters from

then, recorded: she on And May 26th, understanding her husband—tender, Happiness and Trial messages, at other times she of had to learn eventful most day "The my life!"

Tt was in 1 884, after Augusta returned Truly was this day the most eventful of his whereabouts from the local pato the Seventeenth Ward for her one of my mother's life thus far, for on pers. His travels as an apostle took him

second year of teaching, that a change it, after careful and prayerful consideraaway a great deal, and his name freoccurred which temporarily turned the tion, she became the second wife of my quently appeared in print.

channel of her life from placid into father, Heber J. Grant, the man who, When school closed for vacation,

turbulent waters. She still thoroughly many years later, was to stand as head Augusta returned as usual to her home

enjoyed her teaching activities and of that same Church. in Pleasant Grove, determined to enfound pleasure in the society of a fine Because plural marriage ran counter joy the change and the release "from

group of young people. The friendship to the established traditions and prejpreparing tiresome lessons whether I

with her brilliant and stimulating friend, udices of society, it was only natural feel like it or not. I think I have worked

Rebecca Mantle, grew apace at this that those who practised it, even though at times under very trying circumstances time. Like Augusta, Rebecca enjoyed their motives were of the highest order, and that I deserve a rest."

intellectual pursuits. These two, with should be misunderstood. There were letters from her husband

others, were to be instrumental in later This is not the place to go into a disat this time and once he came and took years in organizing the Authors Club, a cussion for or against the practise of {Continued on page 426)

JULY, 1945 425

folks are the advising and mother and him. to with to go, I want go A MORMON WIFE me my

health is better, and I am in hopes the ( Continued from page 425 I can't bear to think of the time when trip will do me good."

her for a ride, which made her very we shall be separated. We have been

happy. The ride was "both pleasant and such close friends and companions, "pROM her salary as teacher, Augusta

I sisters, think, that than so most it will for I expect be an awfully more sad, a fair sum, saved and had she now feel of their I shall loss the companion- I another."before time long have invited her to take east a trip mother

That fall found Augusta at Provo ship most keenly."to the girlhood home of MaryAnn

where Delia was taking student boardDelia's husband, John Booth, was a Winters in Bethel, Maine. Augusta paid

ers. She reviewed French and studied widower with three little girls and a boy all the expenses herself. That neverto-

geology under Dr. James E. Talmage. who were taken at once into the motherbe-forgotten trip has been recorded

Especially did she enjoy the delightful ly heart of capable Delia. Augusta elsewhere. She returned from it with

excursions which were taken by the pitied her older sister, feeling that she her health completely restored. The

doctor's classes to nearby canyons. One herself might not be equal to such a highlight of the whole episode waa "vhen

of his students at this time was Miss task. She little dreamed that just such on the return trip she met her huaoand

May Booth. Augusta had met her at an experience would come into her own in New York City.

an earlier period of her attendance at life before the decade had passed. There Her diary records

inchildren to six motherless be were the and two Academy,Timpanogos 6th. been having "August have We for her to care four of stead for, and fast friends. Booth Miss becamenow delightful in a time most York. New joyfully. task to her she welcome was the later Talmage, married and Doctor is beautiful. foi weather went The We

still the fine friendship later and with Augusta Augusta was months Two in to the Central a drive Park, museum, other "Winters girls"which had comill. "February 7th, 1885. For a long drove down Fifth Avenue, etc., etc. The

menced in their school days, continued time I have been confined to my room city is in mourning for President Ulysses throughout their lives. May's brother, most of the time, but have been for an S. Grant and I never saw such an ex-

I at felt able, a teacher ride and the occasional when my tensive crosses, elegant Booth—also display—such husDelia's atkind to become and very been so friends have pillows, flowers, anchors of wholeJohnacademy—wasE.

band. tentive to me. They would come to banks of beautiful white flowers, banAt Provo, September 2nd, 1884, visit me, take me for a ride, bring me ners and streamers of pure white and

Augusta wrote: "Attended conference fruits and flowers, talk or read to me, sombre, mournful black with the Genhere in the afternoon. Saw Apostle and Willard Weihe came all the way eral's picture everywhere. Last night

Francis M. Lyman. I am glad to see him from Salt Lake to Pleasant Grove to we saw the procession that brought the

because he reminds me of someone else our house on purpose to play some of remains from the depot. They marched

whom I cannot see or even mention. I his sweetest music to me on his violin. with slow and solemn tred, the noises of

cried and cried after I had gone to bed I could not keep back the tears when the street were hushed, the martial mu-—not loud enough to disturb Delia, who he played some of the old familiar sic and tramp of many feet being the

slept serenely on the next pillow. I am pieces.... When a person is sick and only sounds heard. It was most imafraid I felt rather rebellious for a time, suffering, every little act of kindness pressive.

the dear, touches seems doubly and I it."but got over I 8th, Falls. Niagara "August When I tired gratitude. heart with and shall am before, I sent of everhere spray a was..."today. write no more green to that the wish with husband myTouring the winter—1884-5—Augusta 1st, 1885. Brother But- "Friday, May ill. time together stand might some we very She returned to Pleaswas

ant Grove and was there for the holiler is here on his way east on a mission, where it grew, and he has come all this days. way to make my wish come true. I

"The day before Christmas what bitthink it is lovely."

ter, bitter tears I shed! I did not close YOU HAVE NOT FAILED When the travelers reached Utah it

in sleep that night till eyesmy five By Dollie M. Allen wasto partnecessaryagain. for the husband and wifeo'clock. Christ- a 'Merry many How

mas'care as free from passed I had failed, although not heart, you have "Everything looks bare dry and and or Dear as itsorrow one precious long manuscript, was possible for any so The after the ago, dusty thick green and woods to be and that day it required a conlies low in dust; fresh grass of Maine and the moist

than yours, other eyes bystant tears Unseen struggle to back the keep verdure of Niagara,"wrote, mother my in of Forgotten years motherhood! busy effort cheerful constant to appearand a "but it is is half place home so and no

there, thebefore family gathered party nice as Utah."failed, heart, not although Dear have you

I I thatfor could not have them know last in entry the to special paint scenes long ago, diary longed The so The you

I as rest not the as and happywas am still, of the fabric save Unpainted your on trip kept she her which reads: up on

Isure never they the guessed sorrow heart, 17, "Sunday, August 1885—Pleasant Ifelt. beautiful received of still a number glow, they and one know no Where

. last, at joyful Grove and a what Home I staff to of thepresents brushes grasp dropped, dear thanked Your husband and my meeting had. looks Everything have we motherhood! all forwith kindthe heart love and my

just in usual as Pleasant sleepy Grove, that toness them. send prompted him

little I failed, dusty heart, and glad town, but very Tired not although have you am letter a nearly wrote every day meHe it. glorious it all of long songs to see in the The ago people and sense Afull of loving wishes and and words silenced the years, hurrying Are and by relief of restfulness and pervades my for happiprayers recovery and my tears, faded mother's a by I reflect being valise as that has myness."in stress the Lost of motherhood! and for been trunk packed hacked my

to says mother cannot bear she My last trip the anyway. We I time—this lost? no, found! Did say Ah, saythink that time of even now. would She all all are at well, for home and which in children, strong For sound, and your it the forgetrather only remember and scarcely thankful be enough. written real characters Are than ever more folthathappiness the of years have I think of long the journey reveal; manuscripts we WhenI can

lowed. The beauty of each glowing face, creates have taken and of the dangers we have

That winter, her sisters both became a picture no art could trace; sometimes been in, I feel that the Lord

has over protected us and watched and Booth, Susie E. to Johnengaged—Delia of music The each gay, young voice, makes I again. us safely brought have home a young fromto Heber Bennion, man glad the world.

time, shall had a lovely a splendid, andTaylorsville she had met whom rejoice! at Ah, then

school. And thus, further change came You have not failed on the path you trod. As have many pleasant things to think

into the life of Augusta. "I am pleased you molded each one, about for many a long day."

that they are happy,"she wrote, "but You have worked with God! ( 7*o be continued)

426 THI IMPROVEMENT ERA

SUBSCRIPTION CAMPAIGN mwm

(Continued from page 399) Division 2

Special honorable mention is given to Minidoka Stake 282.5%

South Carolina District of Southern Division 3States Mission. With a quota of 109 Shelley Stake 295.0% Improvement Era

subscriptions, a total of 846 actually Division 4 were sent in. This record is most unique, Benson Stake 229.6%

in all outstandingand one of the 5 Eta Division If beingcampaigns. citations were 285.6% Subscribers... Ogden Stake

awarded to mission districts, without question South Carolina District would Division 6 have headed the list. Salt Lake Stake 270.1% The ERA gives you much of

One of the most interesting and satisDivision 7 the best current CHURCH factory notes of the last campaign is Uintah Stake 246.0% LITERATURE. Within its covers auyou find each month fact inthe that servicemen 32,000 8 all Division

thoritative material or written Letparts receive of the the Eta. world Stake 205.3% East Jordan

ters to parents, friends, and directly to spoken by our church leaders.

9 its career Division that in longthe indicate Eta 179.6% Has it occurred to you what Nebo Stake in "the bestas the missionary Church,"

priceless of theology gems finest in its missionthe of chaptersone 10 Division downto-earth gospoetry and the written has duringary been work Sevier Stake 233.7%

present war. The Improvement Era is pel you have in the yearby-

cf the opportunity it hasproud had to UvadaDivisionStake11 195.9% zine?year volumes of this maganearly service torender missionary one

third of the members of the Church in Division 12 for services. Stake 187.5% Why not preserve them Washingtonthe armed

your future reference and your

Knowing that in many cases copies of Division 13 children's edification? We urge

the Era were shared with buddies, and Phoenix Stake..-.327.0% you to do so.

that many thousands of copies have Division 14 been distributed through chaplains in South Los Angeles Stake 408.9% Single volumes (12 numbers) bound

it subscriptions, regular addition to the

Division 15 in durable, attractive, blue cloth is that nearly half to reasonable assume the members of the Church on the fightSacramento Stake 215.0% binding, stamped in gold $2.25

ing fronts and in the training camps each plus postage.

have been furnished the messages of Ward and Branch Division Winners

Church leaders through The ImproveDivision citations are awarded to the Ten or more volumes at one time ment Era. wards in the stakes and the branches in $2.00 each plus postage.

Limited space precludes the mention the missions with the highest total perof many phases of the campaign and the cent of quota, and also with highest Bring them in or mail them to us activities of many groups. One outtotal subscriptions.

standing phase of the campaign is that The wards and branches leading in of the branches Church and107 wards divisions their which and have been Iffowl of percent exceeded orreached 500 are as follows winners declared their quotas. The figures range from

500 percent to 5100 percent, with sevenDivision 1 teen wards and branches exceeding Group A 1000 percent of their quotas. This is Total No.—Queen Anne (Seattle) 206

of Quota—Rentonalso a new record for this campaign. % (Seattle) 1480% Una <Jje6eret r/eu/d freM Group B

29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City the of campaign typeT new Tnder *""*'folTotal% of Quota—BremertonNo.—Raymond 2 (Taylor)(Seattle)....421%301 this special year, honor citalowed

tions go to the leading stake of each of Division 2 the fifteen divisions of the Church into Group A which the stakes have been divided, and Total No.—Rupert 3 (Minidoka) 73

of the four divisions into which the mis- % of Quota—Eden (Minidoka) 729%

sions have been divided. Stakes and Group B

missions in these groups with the highTotal No.—Twin Falls 1 (Twin Falls)..233 Prophetic Leadership - -

est percent o/ quota have been awarded % of Quota—Jerome 2 (Blaine) 381%

citations citations. Specialdivision upSmith world foresaw Division 3

social, spiritual for misstakes and provided beenhave heavals—political,Joseph Group A pointed and course. out he a true total subscriptions. highestsions with

cita12 (Pocatello)—double stakes the Pocatello with missions and Leading time, At this tion read: momentous 435% winner—113 folas of are quotas percenthighest Special percent of quota—JamestonSubslows: (Shelley) SMITH: 378% JOSEPH

Division 1 Group B ProphetStatesman

California By Dr. G. Homer Durham Mission 325.0% of quota Total% of Quota—ShelleyNo.—Lovell (Big1 ( Horn)Shelley) 416%266 Division 2

Western Canadian Mission 496.4% of quota Division 4 (Price, $2.25; see order blank, page 323.)

Division 3 Group A Southern States Mission 523.5% of quota Total No.—Lewiston 3 (Benson) 98

of Quota—Hatch (Idaho) 500% Division 4 %

Group BOOKCRAFT States Eastern Mission 462.4% of quota STREET 18 RICHARDS No.—LewistonB 1 (Benson)... TEL. 3-4795 CITY 1. UTAH LAKE 184 SALT

1 Division of Quota—Providence 1 (Logan)..305% Total%

Seattle Stake 470.4% {Continued on page 428)

JULY, 1945 427.

Subscription Campaign

Industrial Tractors and Engines (Continued from page 427)

Loaders Cranes Snow Plows Mowers Brooms Division 5

Group A Harrisville (Farr West)—double citation winner—110 Subs -458% Special total subscriptions—West

Weber (North Weber) 105

297 Total (Ogden) No.—Ogden 20th

(Farr City of Quota—Plain A Complete Line of % Group B

West) 350%

Division 6 Earth Moving Equipment

Group B 1st Total No.—17th (Salt Lake) 403

Hill (Salt Designed and Built By 1st %Lake)Quota—Capitol 407%

Special Total No.—Harvard (Liberty)..235 Special % of Quota—Brighton

(Pioneer) 354%

Division 7 "CATERPILLAR"Group A Mt. Emmons (Moon Lake)—double "Caterpillar"-built Bulldozers, Scrapers, Rootcitation winner-—80 subs 381% Special percent of quota—Daniel

ers, Rippers and Cable Controls to match ( Wasatch ) 295%

Group B "Caterpillar"tracktype and rubbertired TracVernal 2 (Uintah)—double citation winner—231 subs 335%

tors will be built as soon as military production Special( Uintahpercent of quota—Vernal 330%

permits. Division 8

Group A 62 (West Jordan) No.—Herriman

(Grantsville)....460% The best way to be in line for the earlier Total% of Quota—Clover

Group B deliveries of "Caterpillar"equipment is to

Total 1 (East Jordan) 226 No.—Midvale

place your order NOW. % of Quota—Draper 2 (Mt. Jordan)..324%

Division 9 Group A Spring Lake (Nebo)—double citation

winner 76 subs 304% Special total subscriptions—Genola

(SantaquinTintic).42 subs.

Group B Total No.—Provo 2 (Utah) 179

% of Quota—Benjamin (Nebo) 373% ROBISO 10 Division U I N E R Y C O AC H Group A

245 WEST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Total No.—Lynndyl (Deseret) 94 % of Quota—Vermillion (North

Sevier) 517% Group B Richfield 2 (Sevier)—double citation winner—163 subs 388% Special percent of quota—Delta 2 (Deseret) 241%

Division 11 Just released SpringdaleGroup A (Zion Park)—double citation subs winner—83 415% GOLDEN NUGGETS total subscriptions—Glendale MAKE

.63 usbs. (Kanab) of THOUGHT Special

4Bk A compilation by Ezra L. Marler. Group B

143 (San Juan) Delicious—At flavor—Any home No.—Blanding Choice—gems of wisdom and

—. ice crystals cooking No—No (Uvada)—SmoothNo of Quota—Enterprise 280% tion from of great thinkers the minds inspiraTotal% re-—scorched flavor—Easy whipping—No

of land. every in recipes each 15$ Inexpensive—20 pack12 Division for grocer Please ask your age.

8 The book under weighs Group A

It ounces. sent overseas can be (Chicago).... Shore 67 No.—North $1.00. without Price request. See (Chicago) of Quota—Aurora 600% Total% 416. LOMOMCMyHomemade Ice Cream NOTE:convenient order form, page

a*</ Group B (Washington) 86 BOOKCRAFT STABIUZR COMPANY No.—Arlington

LONDQNDERRY835 HOWARD, SAN FRANCISCO 3, CALIF. 18 Richards St. Salt Chase Lake City 1, Utah ( WashTotal% of Quota—Chevy

ington) 236% 428 THE IMPROVEMENT FRA: E

SUBSCRIPTION CAMPAIGN

Division 13 Special Citations to Stakes

Group A Division 1 Total No.—Globe (St, Joseph) 104 Taylor Stake 748 Subscriptions.*+ tr up with Quota—Lordsburg (Mt.% of

Graham) 625% BlaineDivisionStake2 721 Subscriptions

Group B Division 3 Total No.—Snowflake (Snowflake) 230 Pocatello Stake 1295 Subscriptions

% of Quota—Phoenix 2 (Phoenix)....506% Division 4

Division 14 Logan Stake 935 Subscriptions

Group A Division 5 Total No.—Van Nuys (San Fernando) 143 Ben Lomond Stake 995 Subscriptions

% of Quota—La Jolla (San Diego)....644% Division 6

Group B Wells Stake 1041 Subscriptions

Total No.—Wilshire (Los Angeles) 393 Division 7

% of Quota—Walnut Park (South Wasatch Stake 497 Subscriptions

Los Angeles) 609% Division 8 Division 15 West Jordan Stake 697 Subscriptions

Group A Division 9....57 Francisco) Alto (San No.—Palo 718 Provo Stake Subscriptions 1 *lVftl temp"?* (Gridley) of Quota—Oroville 375%Total% Division 10 sed fish, or Group B Subscriptions Deseret 727 Stake

citaSunset (San cheese QeW, Francisco)—double

11 Division tion.400% winner—168

Stake 533 Subscriptions St. GeorgeSpecial percent of quota—Richmondsubs

( Oakland) 12 339% Division Oahu Stake 436 Subscriptions of citations the plan In setting up 13 and Division recognitions, practical problems made Snowflake Stake 839 Subscriptions it seem inadvisable to offer both percent of quota and total subscription citations Division 14 in the new type of campaign which inLong Beach Stake 1332 Subscriptions cluded recognition for wards and Division 15 branches as well as for stakes and misOakland Stake 894 Subscriptions IPSE For OVER FIFTY YEARS sions. However, as the campaign

progressed and such splendid progress Special Citations to Missions Aids in treatment of Canker, simple was made by so many of the larger Division 1 sore throat and other minor mouth stakes and missions where the very naNorthwestern States Mission 922 Subs. and throat irritations.

ture of the campaign made it impossible Division 2for them on a to win citations percent Northern States Mission 1330 Subs. Halls Canker Remedy

basis, increasingly apparent it became 536 East 2nd City, Utah So.—at Salt Lake

that in all fairness provisions should be Division 3 made for citations for stakes and misWestern States Mission 629 Subs.

sions excelling in highest total subscripDivision 4 tions. East Central States Mission 644 Subs.

Consequently, special citations as Where a stake or mission won both listed herewith total have been awarded of quota and ELECTRONICS citations—percent

division inthe stake highest in each and mission stake next to subscriptions—the

total highest the subscriptionswith subscriptions as total was awarded the TELEVISION yi&jjyt forwell as citation. the highest special percent of quota THESE m

at below coupon oHWft. fo xzJnmSUiTthe THE FAMILY SMITH

prepare you can Learn pay, howfor good a yourself President 390) George Albert Smith, son of [Concluded from page or In industry, techown nical job at Salt Smith. Born Henry Lake City, at SaltF. Smith. Born Utah, John Lake City, OF YOURby the In a short time

April 4, Utah, 1870. Apostle Ordained speedup OcOWNa.new,BUSINESS in Presid24, 1879. Second CounselorMay

ing Bishopric (19071925). First counselor tober 8, 1903. Became President of the CounSHOP METHOD

cil of the 8, Apostles 1943. Twelve July TRAININGin Bishopric Presiding HOME (19251938). old to the don't Aftetfthe go wr

are of on President Its the Eight 21, shutdowns Church bckand weJob (May tee * * * * is era. great a threshold layoffs,new LESSON SAMPLE businessesRADIO established best of ofthe 1945). withthealready one

is opening new the TELEVISION this See'omozwho* at of Smith. Asael Smith, Born son John infields forworld. men. ELECTRONICS, of Smith, Nicholas son G. Henry John training ing is speedup to onedewar, converted being thetrainedDerryfield Manchester) Hamp- (now, New industry. factors ingreatest a the (or Study at Salt Smith. can City, you do Born Utah, Lake June future.in Beabout velopedofpioneer. Head the Grow at Salt City,shire, 1781; died 16, Lake for Rad-o of Commercial within marvelous! this YOUIVPLACE 20, Assistant the to 1881. the of Council fieldcoupon. Fill the mail out and re, Television and—to Patriarch 1854. the Third 23,Utah, JulyMay 6, April 1941. Apostles Twelve R.R. Police and CoxFi (18491854).Church SCHOOLS end municafions—FM

EST. 37. CALIFORNIA ANGELES the LOS father of Asael 0ltS Smith Truly apportunity.-NATIONALL&U was M'HTR'l 1905 - Smith. of Smith, Born son A. John George FocSimile-Electro'-.ic

at Potsdam, New York, June 26, 1817; died prophets, seers, revelators, patriarchs, MAIL OPPORTUNITY COUPON Power and Control

seventies, bishops, elders, priests, teach- 1, 1875.at September City, Utah, Salt Lake

First in Counselor (18391875).Apostle descendants His ers, and deacons. have 4000NationalSouthSchools,FigueroaDept.Street7-1 (Mail In enrelope or

Angeles California paste Los on post card) penny 37, (18681875).First Presidency Church filled in history at time Church some

Mail books the in your a ad inclucHof me mentioned FREEHistorian (18541871). position leadership practically of every of course. lesson will your sample j no I understand salesman son Smith, of George A. Henry John | call me. on organizations. within the Church Here

at September Iowa,Smith. Carbunca, Born AGE. NAME is the blessed abundantly family a by City. Utah, at Salt died18, 1848; Lake Oc-

| ADDRESS last all forth bring in the to Father of us 13, Apostletober 1911. Sec- (18801911).

! CITY STATE in speleaders great as Zion days many in First (1910Presidency I Counselorond Include zone your number

1911). cial witness for Jesus Christ.

JULY, 1945 429 ******** Universal Military The Epistle of Kallikrates

Training {Concluded from page 386) (Concluded from page 379) February 1, 1945, characterized Dr.

himself, for, if we remember aright, he Witherow's "Epistle of Kallikrates"asJtandard had already undergone his military a "work of his twentieth century imagitraining. nation"and directed attention to the

Nations that prepare for war always note descriptive of Dr. Witherow's

find themselves accommodated. Uniworks in the Contributor's Column of

Atlantic Monthly for December 1928, training military in peacetime otteae versal which reads quite easily a nation's makes war appear interest. paramount What fictioneers with deal modern So many for, if it is fight? never to refreshing realistic that it is a isWhenan armythe purely themes

first world war came to an end, Gersurprise to come upon a man like the Rev.

to disarm, forced and was of sense values the Dr. whose Scotch Witherow,Work manyallied virtual nations promise a gave ethical the him concentrate upon makes

the year around that they would also disarm, a promise aspect of every situation.

that was broken, as promises so often at are by men in whom conscience has Citation of "The Epistle of Kallibecome a concern of limited liability. krates"as an ancient document attesting

But the horrors of the present war ought the Corinthian and modern practices of BRIGHAM YOUNG to have taught us that no good comes baptisms for the dead is unjustified. If

the that today; from the only effect any inference be drawn may of war

that to existence is to of the irresponsive it is merely work, UNIVERSITY outof war make men high ideals and barbarous. Instead of the scholar who wrote it regarded bapSecond Term of the Summer advocating universal military training tism for the dead as an ordinance so

School Session in peacetime, we ought to be advocating well established in the ancient Corinuniversal military disarmament. War thian church as to justify inclusion of a

JULY 23 - AUGUST 24 will end only when all nations, having reference to it in a work of fiction deforeseen the futility of modern war, signed to reflect what might have been

Worth - while educahave agreed to disarm. said in that day.

tional opportunities for those who cannot attend during the regPRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH ular academic year. (Continued from page 389) in the National Council, President

of the Mayflower who later became Smith has received the highest honors

Current catalogue may be had from governor of the Plymouth Colony. His which both local councils and the Naof the Libbeys, include those lines President's Office family and Lords Hoveys, Freemans, of New hetionalwasCouncilawardedcanthebestow.Silver BeaverIn 1932,by

BRIGHAM YOUNG wasEngland.representedIn the Revolutionby Samuelhis Smith,family thebeenSalta memberLake Councilof the executivewhere heboardhas

UNIVERSITY atchairmanTopsfield,of theMassachusetts;Committee ofby SafetyAsael forone moreof its thanfirst twentyawards;years,and thereceivingSilver

Jonathan Smith, of Samuel; by in son National Council Farr, Buffalo by the Provo, Utah

aide to General Chase, Timothy and accorded by have been men 1934. Few

George Washington. this double distinction. Receiving the

"* * * * * * * There are to his credit many achieveSilver Buffalo Award at the same time ments, but none more outstanding than as President Smith were the Honorable his work among the youth of the Church Newton D. Baker, Secretary of War in

and of the nation. In religious teaching, Woodrow Wilson's Cabinet, and Colcharacter development, in the cultural onel Theodore Roosevelt, Jr. oiter we arts, in exploration vocational and guidhis received President Smith COMPLETE When A

in ance, clean sports and wholesome following the Silver Buffalo Award, SERVICE ENGRAVING

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest recreation, his inspiring leadership citation was read by the chairman of

Catalogues. people the young among of the Church the National Court of Honor Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention attention. has attracted wide

Business CO. SMITH: ENGRAVING UTAH ALBERT GEORGE

113 Salt Lake City, Regent St. leader. religious Utah Among the leaders of the National executive, Former president

Council of the Boy Scouts of of the International Irrigation Congress and

America, which he has served for many International Dry Farm Congress, Federal

Special of DisPublic and Receiver Moneys of the as years ExNational a member Drill Grinder Super Improved of State for Utah. the bursing Agent Mem- I 1-16"several 3-32"ecutive of to chairman drills and Board Sharpens

IN of of the Apostles of ber LIKE Twelve DRILLSfrom NEW Quorum OLD diameter. roundGRINDSshank influential his counsel, adcommittees, POINT DRILL 4 DIFFERENT of Christ of Latterday the Jesus Church Dr,ll4>ri.*f SHORT, GRINDS ANGLES. leadership long been and have vice, and of the Superintendent Saints General and TWIST LONG MEDIUM AND

1MB"sought. the TO annual frequently UP At DRILLS FROM AssoImprovement Mutual Men's Young OR LONG. FOR II"HAND the meetings of Council, National where presthat of ciation WHEELS. Organizer and Church. GRINDING POWER

FARMERS GRIND THEIR he has served several years as chairman ident of the Utah Pioneer Trails and LandIN FACTORY DRILLS LIKE "**?* of the Association. National the of marks important program committee Member on

perfect Gives 25 SECONDS. |3S>4- EH''of the of Scouts Executive Board Boy resolutions, Save? clearance. center promihe has and and a hadI. Drills, No money. time and Divisional America, Committee, Program his place, nent voice heard has been and the without be should shop

its of Relationships, Reor and Committee on the work do Grinder. to Guaranteed Super DriH the policies plans to looking where and point! gives rounded that a back. The money and Committee, Executive gion Twelve address. Your with order check Mail the of of welfare boys have America

its activities mail, identified continually local return will with by printed,come DRILLor SUPEIt discussed. been moneyGKINDEBgrinder$2.95. paid. Only postage its organization. since has almost been He

CRANDALL MFG. CO. In scouting, which he has served in indefatigable in serving the cause of scoutDept. IE-7 1512 W. Slauson, Los Angeles 44, Calif. the Salt Lake Council, in Region 12, and ing, and to his enthusiasm for its program

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH must be largely traced the fact that Utah when all the General Authorities of the ing the "canyon"cottage. President

stands above all other states in the percentChurch were released as heads of the Smith's gracious wife, who like himself age of boys who are Scouts. auxiliary organizations in 1935. was a real friend maker, was his conTogether companion. stant and loyal of Superintendent In General 1 929 as of pioneer love Smith's President

of and blessings the burdens shared they President Smith was Y.M.M.I.A., the for early his the high regardhistory and

life. of calling for the responsible a special him have causedleaders of the Church

to follow pioneer trails in all parts of committee to study the field and possiPeople in many parts of the world, western America particularly. From bilities of The Improvement Eta and to not of our faith, and loyal members of

Nauvoo to Salt Lake City, he has make it in every way representative of the Church throughout the world will traveled practically every foot of the the Church. It was due to his vision gladly sustain President George Albert

old Mormon Trail that is accessible, and inspiration that The Improvement Smith as President of the Church of some portions many times, and most of Eta was revised in form, enlarged in Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and the side trails, north, south, and west. size and expanded in both scope and give to him their united support and

To him, to follow and enjoy the rocontent. cooperation.

mance and adventure and the sacred His first mission was spent in the memories of the old trails has not been Southern States where after five months enough. He has wanted to share these in the field he became secretary under

others. carwithexperiences Under his President Kimball, and Golden the THE FIRST of the president ofleadership as the responsibility Utah Pioried much J.of

Association, Trails Chattanooga, at mission Landmarks headquarters andneer in 1930, the organizer to he 1921 he preEVAPORATED Tennessee.of which was From 1919

been special groups have Mission and sidedcaravans over the European durMILK PUNT the extensively to reexplore and markorganized time he traveled ing which old trails and story spots of the West. throughout the British Isles, ScandiIN THE

these direction groups have navia,Under his and the countries of continental INTERMOUNTAIN either directly or in cooperationplaced, Europe.

perothers, one hundred than morewith intelligent orPresident Smith is an WEST in locations.markers from Naumanent executive. ganizer successful and He '

voo on the east, to the Sierras on the has the ability to draw out the very best west, and from St. Anthony in Idaho service from those with whom he is asto Sunset, Arizona. sociated by wise counsel, encourageOne ambition of President Smith is ment, and the judicious use of deserved

to climax his activities in trail marking commendation.

by participating in the movement to The virtues and character traits erect a monument at the mouth of Emiwhich have made President Smith begration Canyon, to be dedicated July loved by so many people, in and out of 24, 1947, as a part of the centennial celethe Church, serve to make his home bration. {See "Preparing for 1947, life ideal. He married his boyhood

May Eta, p. 256. ) He served as vicesweetheart, Lucy Emily Woodruff,

chairman of the Monument Commisdaughter of Wilford Woodruff, Jr. She

sion and as chairman of the executive died eight years ago. To them were

committee in all the preliminary preparborn three children, all living. They are

ations and has now been appointed as Emily Smith Stewart, wife of Robert TO RECEIVE THE COVETED WFA chairman of the commission succeeding Murray Stewart, prominent Salt LakePresident Heber J. Grant. attorney; Edith Smith Elliott, wife of ACHIEVEMENT X AWARD

In the Oregon Trail Memorial AssoGeorge O. Elliott, an executive of the Yes, we're mighty proud that Utah's

ciation he has been a member of the UtahIdaho Sugar Company, and executive committee and vice president, George Albert Smith, Jr., who is assistonly homeowned evaporated milk

and is now an honorary life member. ant dean of the Harvard University plant is the first plant in this terriorganizers of the American of Business School AdminGraduateOne of the tory to fly the Achievement "A"at Trails Association,Pioneer Massachusetts. Cambridge, he has istration

served from the beginning as a member There are eight grandchildren. flag, and that our employees now

of the executive board. The family home, which for many proudly weir the pins, emblematic

at years has been 1302 Yale Avenue, of the outstanding record they have''""Phe man who now heads the Church reflects City, cordiality and Salt Lake literally has grown gray in its servhospitality. Friends of the family and made in the production of Morning

ice. Following his activity in the Sunother visitors have always been treated Milk.

day Schools of the Seventeenth Ward with utmost courtesy and consideration.

and of Salt Lake Stake, when that stake Many distinguished visitors from variall practically of Saltincluded Lake ous parts and Europe of America have YOUR FRIENDLY presidents of theValley, he in this entertained was one been modest home of the Third Quorum of Seventy. Later which radiates comfort and tranquility. HOME - OWNED

he became stake superintendent of the His is one of the most delightful and

Y.M.M.I.A. and was in that position picturesque homes in a city noted for

when he was called to be an apostle, beautiful homes.

October 6, 1903, at the age of 33. In the Red Butte ravine, within one

For ten years, from 1925 to 1935, he hundred yards of the residence is the was general superintendent of the "country home,"a cabin built on the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Asbanks of Red Butte Creek, which runs sociation. There his love for youth was through the yard. During the summer

manifested in a zeal and devotion that it furnishes a delightful retreat with caused that organization to reflect his temperature ranging many degrees lowspirituality and quiet dignity to the far er than the surrounding area. The nacorners of the Church. His connection tive trees which have been left standwith that organization was severed only ing provide a miniature forest surroundJULY, 1945 431

Four hundred girls representing chorus groups from the eight LD.S. stakes are shown in dress rehearsal for the music festival which was held Saturday, March

10, at Ogden High School. J. Spencer Cornwall, director of the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir, directed and led them in the grand finale.

Business Before Pleasure Easier Said Than Done into old gentleman wandered department store, had The a big is noble; but to teach once be good Twain said: "To Mark

in floor surrounded and walkers. was a moment by less to is nobler, trouble."others be good and

"What"Er—er—well,is your mypleasure,pleasuresir?"is fishing,"they askedhe inreplied,unison.hesitantPure Politics ingly, "but I—er—rather wanted a new hat.""And whom did you vote for, Miss Sophy?"

Too True "Well, you see, the Conservative candidate was simply the Liberal stunningly goodlooking. been always had But "In Holland Dutchman: have windmills."we

ballots, family, closed to his eyes, both I marked so my American: "In States the United

other. tore we have congressmen."shuffledsplendid the them, put and box Nothing one in up the

A Definition could be fairer than that."

"Why is a girl's lover called her suitor?"asks L. C. Sure Sign

Because he does or he doesn't.

Young Lady (to her father): "Oh, I hate him—hate him

College Bred hate him!"

A college is a human hothouse specializing in the sheltered Father: "And how long has this romance been going on?"

rearing of persons who would be normal if they were left alone.

-$- His Sporting Ethics While a shooting party was out for a day's sport a raw young sportsman was observed taking aim at a pheasant running along the ground.

As it is unsportsmanlike to shoot a bird while it is on the ground, a companion shouted: "Hi, there, never shoot a running bird!"

"What do you take me for, you idiot?"came the reply.

LUCILLE "Can't you see I'm waiting till it stops?"

SIMANDAL SHARP Distinction

appointed secretary was pencil again, Forgotten Professor: your "What! Jones? What

of the Second Ogden soldier think without would a gun?"you of a M.I, in A. SeptemWard

is still "I'd officer."exservice think (an ber 1933, and Jones man): he was an

secretary of the organization. eleven In her

years of service, she has In the Bird Store time, missed just one in "My husband is away so much of the time I want a parrot she had the 1934, when mumps. She states that for company. Does this one use rough language?"

she has loved and en- "Lady, with this bird in the house you'd never miss your joyed secretary being of husband."M.I.A. the

Just Like Men Miss Browne: "I frankly admit I am looking for a husband."

Mrs. Greene: "So am I."

Miss Browne: "But I thought you had one."

Mrs. Greene: "I have, and I spend most of my time looking

for him."

432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How to Bake with SUCCESS INSURANCE

Just Use

The Amazing Fast Dry Yeast!

Use Just Like Compressed Yeast

Maca requires no special methods or recipes. It acts so fast, rises

so quickly—your baking is all done

in a few hours. And what a baking

it is! Maca Yeast gives bread and

rolls a rich, golden beauty, a smooth, even texture and a delicious oldfashioned flavor. USING M.C.P. PECTIN SAVES

TIME AND WORK, ASSURES SUCCESSV

With M.C.P. PECTIN you will quickly see how its easyto-use,

tested recipes assure fine jams and jellies, with natural fruit flavor... in minutes instead of hours. It's economical,

too... for MX.P. jells more fruif or juice than any other

pectin you can buy... saves bofli fruif and sugar.

Maca saves you extra trips to the store because you can always keep a handy supply on your pantry USE THIS RECIPE for FRESH BERRY JAM shelf. For your complete protec- 6 Cups Ground Berries

tion, we date every package. 8V2 Cups(Any SugarVariety)

So bake with success insurance! 1 Package M.C.P.Pectin

Always use Maca Yeast, the origiWash, stem, grind 3 qts. fully ripe berries,

nal fast, granular yeast. or crush completely so each berry is reduced to pulp. Measure exactly 6 level

You r g rocer may be out of stock cupswatercrushedif necessary),berriesinto(fill largeout lastkettle.cup withAdd

right now, because Maca is serv- M.C.P. Pectin, stir well, bring to a boil

ing the armed forces. If he is, ask stirring constantly. NOW, add sugar (prefor Yeast Foam (Magic Yeast). viously measured), mix well, bring to a full

boil. BOIL 4 MINUTES. EXACTLY It, too, gives bread and rolls a rolling

fire, let boil subside, from stir and Remove wonderful oldfashioned flavor. skim by turns 5 minutes. Pour into steri- "m

lized jars, allowing Viinch for sealing with paraffin. fresh For Sirawberiy (NOTE: NORTHWESTERN OR JELLY FROM MORE JAM to juice each 6 cups MAKES add lA cup lemon

FRUIT THAN OF SAME AMOUNT YEAST berries.) COMPANY Jam,crushed

1750 N. Ashland Ave. Chicago 22, III. ANY OTHER PECTIN YOU CAN BUY!

COPYRIGHT 1945. NORTHWESTERN YEAST CO. SAVE F O O D-B UY WA R B O N D"SV.

..,

tr-:... "::::::

*i g"""'

?'%%.

.:...-...: v.. J.-.:.:...:...': "..!....!'