ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD ClC/ORuMS, THE YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL

IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURCrt OF

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD AT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Joseph Smith as Scientist Cloth Binding - 75c

History of Joseph omiin Mothcr Cloth - $1.00

Morocco - $2.50 BEFORE THE SMOKE

CLEARS AWAY On your firestricken shop, factory, SEND ORDERS TO i/fflce or store, you can resume business if insured with us. No long

unnecessary delays in adjusting, nohagg.ing over terms; but prompt payImprovement Era

ment of losses every time. It's to our 2022 Bishop's Bldg., Salt Lake City

again.Interestagain—weto canget youinsureset youup in business

HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTAH

Heber J. Grant & Co. 2026 So. Main St. Salt Lake City,S'Utah

BOTH PHONES 351 Jos. Wm. Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Fin* Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Show Rooms and Morgue OFFICE OPEN DAT AND NIOHT

SI, 29 and 25 South West Temple St.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Ask your dealer for Z. CM. I.

Western Scout Shoes The ideal summer hoe for Men, Youths, Boy*

"MOUNTAINEER"or "THE LEADER"Overall.

Don't Rip.:::: Ask for them

i*HHN WHITING TO ADVERTlSbKS,. uu/i>, t MENTION THE "EKA"

Laramie Peak

"Here is a scene among the Black Hills, a very

suggestive sketch showing rocks, timberclad bluffs, and the wagons of a train coming down a declivity into a dry torrent bed. Wild clouds are coming over the

peaks threatening a stormy night. In the distance is

Laramie: Peak, purple against the sky. And what a

night it was that followed. Wildly the lightning licked

the ground beside us. The road was deluged in the

downpour of rain, and what with the sudden flashes of

light, the crashing of thunder, the poor cattle were quite panicstricken. It was hard work to make the poor

brutes face the storm. Yet, after all, their sagacity was

greater than ours. Several times we would have driven

them over the edge of a precipice, had not their keener sense warned them back. We would have shuddered,

so our captain afterwards told us, could we have seen where the tracks of our wagon wheels were made that

Trail, a forthcoming volnight."—From The Pioneer

ume by Alfred Lambourne.

p

3H Improvement Era Vol. XVI MAY, 1913 No. 7.

The Utah Pioneers

BY ELDER ERASTUS SNOW, ONE OF THE TWO MEN WHO FIRST ENTERED

SALT LAKE VALLEY

[Sixtysix years ago in July of this year, the Pioneers entered the

Salt Lake Valley. Apostle Erastus Snow uttered the words here

recorded thirtythree years ago, standing midway between the Pioneers and our day. Doubtless thousands of our readers may look back to the

conditions that surrounded him and count the mile posts of toil and achievement in the intervening years, even as he looked back over the time to the day when the Pioneers entered the valley. Those who can

thus take a view into the past must in all humility and with thankful hearts praise the Lord, our God for giving us such increase in faith and numbers as we now enjoy, for his blessings and mercy, and for the growth, spiritual and material, so abundantly witnessed upon every hand. If the people shall remain true to the faith and valiant in the

work of God, the progress that shall result in the coming third of a century may scarcely be estimated. The Editors.]

I am requested to occupy some time this afternoon in speaking to the people. I generally feel a little awkward in this place, perhaps from the fact that I seldom occupy this position. The scenes

before me [referring to the decorations around the Tabernacle from the day before] are fruitful in thought, carrying the mind back through the past history of the Latterday Saints. And the

events of yesterday were full of intense interest to the Latterday

Saints but perhaps none could appreciate the sight better than the

Pioneers themselves. Most of that body of men had grown up

almost from childhood in the Church, and those that are spared

*Discourse delivered in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, Sunday afternoon, July 25, 1880. Reported by George F. Gibbs.

752 IMPROVEMENT ERA

are in their old age, and look back with peculiar feelings to the scenes of the past, and they are not without profitable reflection.

HOME OF THE SAINTS

Many of the mottoes exhibited yesterday in our grand procesinstance, "God blesssion, and some I see around the gallery—for

with them all that is associated withour Mountain Home"—carry

the happiness, the comforts, the pleasures, the hope andhome—all

the anxieties of home, and that, too, of such a home as God has provided for his people in the valleys of the Rocky Mountains. It

is the home of the Saints, and when the Pioneers found it, it was well nigh purified by the lapse of time and the desolation of ages, and the wickedness of its ancient inhabitants well nigh obliterated, though the curse of barrenness and desolation still existed.

THE CRICKETS AND THE GULLS

I remarked yesterday, on looking at the decorations of this building, that to make the work complete that part which so truthfully represents this desert land in 1847,the sagebrush and the other growth of the desert should be besprinkled with black crickets, and perched in some prominent position, some gulls looking down eagerly upon them; which would remind us of those

early days when the Pioneers and early settlers grappled with the difficulties of the desert land; when the untamed savage was

scarcely an enemy or a hindrance in our pathway compared with the destructive winged insects, the crickets and the grasshoppers which would come in myriads to devour the tender crops. For

the first two seasons it seemed as though the crickets and grasshoppers would consume every green thing, and after they had commenced their depredations to such an extent that to all human appearance the last vestige of the products of the field and garden would be eaten up, large flocks of gulls came to the relief of the farmer, lighting down upon the fields and covering them as with a white sheet, and they fell to devouring the insects; and when

they had filled and gorged their stomachs, they would vomit them up and then fill themselves again, and again vomit, and thus they ate and devoured until the fields were cleared of those destructive insects, and the crops saved. And these white birds became almost

as sacred in the feelings of the people, for the first two or three years, as the white elephant to the people of India; and I do not

know but what, if they had continued their annual visits, some of our people would have been almost ready to revere them as the people of the East do the white elephant. But such a thing was

not permitted in the economy of divine Providence; it was not

necessary that these birds should come yearly: they came in an

THE UTAH PIONEERS 753

opportune time to save the crops and to preserve the early colonists from starvation; and since that time comparatively few of them

have been seen in the country. But the assistance of this fowl in

those early years was as remarkable, nay miraculous,, to us as it was for the Lord to send the armies of quails to the Israelitish camp; dropping them down in their midst in sufficient quantities to

suit the cravings of the homecamp of a million people.

THE GRASSHOPPERS

Since that time, in various parts of the land, the insects commonly known as the "ironclads,"more properly, flying grasshoppers, have visited certain sections of this country, doing much damage; yet the people have been in a condition to endure such

visitations without serious alarm, because of our widespread settlements and the great abundance that has been produced in the country, so that if one section of the country suffered from the ravages of the insects, other sections of the country could come to their relief, and there was no imminent danger to the colon'sts.

Not so in those early years when there was no friendly hand within a thousand miles to extend relief, and no railroads by which supplies could be transported to us, and time would not permit to send our teams a thousand miles across the plains to bring the necessaries of life; our wives and children would have been left as

utterly desolate as the savages, who, bythe-by, had learned in their destitution to profit by those visitations; for when the insects would

devour all the green things, they would turn in and devour the insects. And on this ground, on this city plot, the first company

of savages who visited the Pioneer camp, after the exchange of salutations, retired to prepare their evening repast, and they emptied out of their sacks bushels of dried grasshoppers, on which they made their suppers. Our people had not learned to do this

yet, but had it not been for the providential appearance of the gulls, we would have been brought to the same necessity—to

gather up the crickets and salt and dry them to subsist upon.

FAITH OF THE PIONEERS

It was an experiment which many doubted, as to whether we could subsist our colonies in this country at all, and whether grain would mature. And James Bridger, the wellknown mountaineer,

who had intermarried with the Snakes, and who had a trading post which still bears his name, Fort Bridger, when he met President Brigham Young at the Pioneer camp on the Big Sandy, about the last of June, and learned our destination to be the valley of the Great Salt Lake, he gave us a general outline and description of this country, over which he had roamed with the Indians in his

754 IMPROVEMENT ERA

hunting and trapping excursions, and expressed grave doubts whether corn could be produced at all in these mountains, he haying made experiments in many places with a few seeds, which had failed to mature; and so sanguine was he that it could not be

done, that he proffered to give a thousand dollars for the first ear of corn raised in the valley of the Great Salt Lake, or the valley of the Utah outlet, as he termed it, meaning the valley between

Utah Lake and Salt Lake. President Young replied to him:

"Wait a little, and we will show you."It was this confident hope,

and this faith animating the bosom of President Brigham Young, and the Pioneers led by him, that carried this people through, and that has impelled them upon their onward course from that day to this. True, the country was unknown to us, and being unacquainted with the climate and soil, it was an experiment; but

there was an assurance, a faith planted in the hearts of the Pioneer company by the Father whom we serve, that he was abundantly able to sanctify the elements for the good of his people to sustain them in this interior desert. What inspired the Pioneers with

this hope and faith was, that God had pointed out the way hither he had moved upon the Prophet Joseph before his death, to predict that this people would yet be driven from Illinois and the western

States, and have to flee into the Rocky Mountains, where they would become a great and strong people. And it was under the

inspiration upon this subject that he was prompted to organize an exploring party, consisting of twelve picked men, for the purpose of exploring this land and bring back an account of its facilities, in view of what God had revealed unto him. But he was slain

by his enemies without being permitted to realize these expectations and without being permitted to lead his people hither. But

the mantle that was upon him fell upon his successor, Brigham

Young, who had the same spirit of inspiration and faith. And

when that band of Pioneers left the Missouri river, on the 7th day of April, 1847, they journeyed as Abraham journeyed from Ur of the Chaldees, from whence, we are told, he journeyed according to the command of God, seeking a country which God had promised him. Abraham had not seen it, neither did he know where

it was, but God having commanded him to go out from the land of his fathers to a land which he should show him, he started out not knowing whither he went.

FOOD PROVIDENTIALLY PROVIDED

So did the Pioneers go without knowing whither they went.

For the first five hundred miles of the journey from Winter Quarters, or the camp on the Missouri river, to Fort Laramie, on the; there was North Platte, the country was stripped of vegetation

nothing for our animals to eat. There was plenty of buffalo.

THE UTAH PIONEERS 755

antelope and deer; indeed the buffaloes were so plentiful that they

had consumed everything eatable along the river, until all the

Platte bottoms were as bare as a sheep yard. The vast heeds of

buffalo were ofttimes in our way, and we were under the necessity of putting strong guards around our animals least they should

had taken a moderate supply of grain to feed as well as—forstampedewe } and we had to feed out what grain we had started with

for seed, and this we dealt out sparingly unto them, and indeed some began to feed out their crackers and flour and breadstuff before we reached Fort Laramie, to keep our animals from perishing, and the grass did not begin to grow to relieve our animals until we struck the Black Hills, early in June. And here we were

obliged to tarry to recruit our animals, and for two or three days we rested on the North Platte while we built ferryboats on which to cross the river. And when this was done, and we had crossed

the Platte and were ready to start, we found ourselves very destitute of provisions on account of having been obliged to deal out part of our supplies to save our animals. As we were about to

tie up our ferryboat and take our departure, a gentleman came riding up on horseback who had struck our trail at Laramie, and he told us that a large company was a short distance behind on their way to Oregon, and they wished that we would stop and ferry them over the river. We consented to do so if they would

replenish our larder, furnishing us the necessary supplies that would justify our detention. This, he said, they were more than

willing to do, and offered to pay us the usual fee for ferrying over the Missouri river, and pay us in flour, and sugar, and bacon and coffee, at prices ruling on the Missouri. We stopped and ferried

them over, and collected the toll in provisions; and by the time

we had done this, another company hove in sight, and we ferried them over on the same terms; and then a third, until our stores

and supplies were replenished so that we could prosecute our journey; and leaving a few picked men to tend the ferry, with a

few empty wagons and teams to follow, the company proceeded on our way. The ferrymen remained and took over a few other

companies, received their pay in provision, and then followed after us*. Thus we realized another interposition of divine Providence

in timely supplying our needs, after a severe trial of our faith and patience while passing through this buffalo country. Having

thus rested our teams and replenished our stores, we continued our journey.

I mention these things as some reasons why the Pioneers were from the 7th of April to the 24th of Juy in reaching this valley.

We made the best time we could under the circumstances, and preserve ourselves and animals fit for use.

The Pioneers were faithful in attending to their prayers. So

far as fresh meat was concerned, their hunters killed what game

756 IMPROVEMENT ERA

was sufficient to supply them, and they dried considerable and brought with them, which together with the flour and groceries obtained from these emigrant companies, served us until we had finished our mission.

TRAVELED UNDER DIRECTION OF THE SPIRIT OF THE LORD

When President Young was questioned by any of the Pioneers as to the definite point of our destination, all he could say to them was, that he would know it when he should see it, and that we should continue to travel the way the Spirit of the Lord should direct us.

At the Pacific Springs, fourteen miles from the last crossing of the Sweetwater, and the first waters on this side of the Divide, we were met by an Indian trader and mountaineer known as "Pegleg"Smith, who had his trading post somewhere above the Soda

Springs, on Bear River. He described to us the region of Bear

River, and Soda Springs, and Bear Lake Valley, and Cache Valley, and Marsh Valley, which he had visited in the course of his hunting, and trapping and trading with the Indians. He earnestly advised us to direct our course northwestward from Bridger, and

make our way into Cache Valley; and he so far made an impression

upon the camp, that we were induced to enter into an engagement with him to meet us at a certain time and place some two weeks afterwards to pilot our company into that country. But for some

reason, which to this day has never to my knowledge been explained, he failed to meet us; and I have ever recognized his failure

to do it as a providence of the Allwise God. The impressions of

the Spirit signified that we should bear rather to the south of west from Bridger than to the north of west.

DISCOURAGED BY GOODYEAR

As we journeyed from Bridger on to the Muddy, and up the

Muddy to Quakingasp Hill, and from Quakingasp Hill on tc

Sulphur Creek, and while we were camping in the vicinity of what is known as Tar Springs, we were met by a mountaineer by the name of Goodyear, who had spent the previous year in the valley of the Great Salt Lake, having come in from the west with a bana of horses, and wintered where the city of Ogden is now located having come here the previous spring, and had fenced a small patch, and had tried the experiment of sowing grain and vegetables in a small wav. But he, too, was unable to give us anv hope

on the contrary, he told of hard frosts, cold climate, difficult to produce grain and vegetables in any of this mountain region. The same answer was given to him as to Mr. Bridger—"Give us time,

and we will show you."

THE UTAH PIONEERS 757

PRESIDENT YOUNG'S IMPRESSIONS CONTROLLED

As we made our way on from that think it was the point—I

following day or the day after fever, that—that the mountain

which was beginning to make inroads into our camp, seized President Young; and so many of our camp were affected with it that

we had to stop for a season on Yellow Creek, and again at the head of Echo canyon, stopping and traveling as the sick were able to endure the journey, until we reached the Weber, at the mouth of Echo canyon, and struck our camp a few miles below the present railroad station, where we spent several days. Meantime, while

in Echo canyon, President Young being unable to travel, and atthe season was advancing, he felt moved upon to direct Elder

Orson Pratt to take that portion of the camp, or most of them, that were able to travel and labor with their axes, picks and shovels to make roads and bridges, to commence the work of cutting their way through the mountains and canyons into this valley. And

by the time they had succeeded in reaching what is called the Big

Mountain, most of the rest of the company started in their trail, still leaving President Young and a few to nurse and care for him, and also a few feeble individuals to follow as soon as they were able. I well remember as we called at the wagon to bid the President goodbye, Brother Willard Richards, who had charge of those

about to leave, asking if he had any counsel to give to guide our movements after we should emerge from the mountains into the open country on the west. He was barely able to support his head

with his elbow resting on the pillow, and his head in his hand while he spoke feebly, in a low tone: "My impressions are,"said

he, "that when you emerge from the mountains into the open country, you bear to the northward and stop at the first convenient place for putting in your seeds."Some of the seeds we

had brought with us should by this time have been put in the ground, such as the potatoes and other vegetables. This last suggestion from President Young controlled our movements.

FIRST TO ENTER THE VALLEY

It fell to the lot of Elder Orson Pratt and myself to penetrate through the thickets and emerge into this valley and get a view of the Great Salt Lake, as was said yesterday by Brother Woodruff, on the 21st day of July. The thicket down through the Narrows, at the mouth of the canyon, was so dense that we could not

penetrate through it. I crawled for some distance on my hands

and knees through this thicket, until I was compelled to return, admonished, too, by the rattle of a snake which lay coiled up a; but as little under my nose, having almost put my hand on him

758 IMPROVEMENT ERA

he gave me the friendly warning, I thanked him and retreated.

And I will here say that from that day to this, I have never waged war upon the serpent when he has kindly given me notice of his presence. We raised on to a high point south of the Narrows,

where we got a view of the Great Salt Lake and this valley, and each of us, without saying a word to the other, instictively as if by inspiration, raised our hats from our heads and then swinging our hats shouted, Hosanna to God and the Lamb

THE FIRST ENCAMPMENT—THE LAND DEDICATED

We could see the canes down in the valley on what is now called Mill Creek, south of the lower grist mill, which looked like inviting grain; and thitherward we directed our course. But when

we reached it and ascertained what it really was, and remembering then the injunction of President Young, we turned northward and crossed Mill Creek on to City Creek, which appeared to us the point of our destination as indicated by the President. From this

point we turned back and crossed the bench on the north side of

Canyon Creek, going in on the side of the mountains, and made o'clockour way back to our working party, who by this time—10

at Little Mountain and formed camp near night—had come over the

its western base. The next day our working party cut their way

through the underbrush down through the Narrows from whence

I had retreated, and came down to Mill Creek, south of the present mill, and camped at night. At noon on the 23rd we made our

camp on Emigration Street, or the street where the street railroad runs east from the Clift House, and just below that on the old channel of the creek; the creek divided just below this Temple

Block, one branch running west and the other south. It was on

the south branch of the creek we formed our camp on the noon of the 23rd; and here we bowed ourselves down in humble prayer

to Almighty God with hearts full of thanksgiving to him, and dedicated this land unto Him for the dwelling place of his people.

THE FIRST PLANTING AND IRRIGATING

And then we organized various working parties to get out the plows and other implements and tools, appointing some to go and plow the lands, and others to turn the water on the land to it was impossiirrigate it. We found the land so dry that to plow

ble, and in attempting to do so some of the plows were broken.

itWe therefore had to distribute the water over the land before could be worked; this being done, the ground was got ready by

the following day, when President Young arrived, and, as Brother

Woodruff told you yesterday, he was able to plant the potatoes h? had in his wagon. The 24th of July of that year was on a

THE UTAH PIONEERS 759

Saturday, and President Youngarrived at about 2 p. rri. of that

day; and on that Saturday night we had about six acres of potatoes and other vegetables planted, the field extending southward

from about where the City Hall now stands. This was thirtythree

years ago, yesterday.

THE SABBATH OBSERVED

On the Sunday all work was suspended as usual, for we always observed the Sabbath day in all our journeyings. We held

our meeting and offered up our thanksgiving and prayers and sacraments before the Lord; and President Young for the first time

was. able to get out of his wagon, and sit in his rocking chair and

listen and direct, and he spoke to us a little from his chair, and requested that we organize ourselves into exploring parties and explore the country north, south and west; "for,"said he, "it is

necessary that we should learn the facilities of the country and be able to report to our brethren whose eyes are turned toward us."

"But,"he said, "I can tell you,"this was after we had organized three exploring parties and made every necessary preparation to start out on the morning following, "but I can tell you before you start, you will find many good places and many facilities for settlement all around us, and you will all return feeling satisfied that this is the most suitable place and THE place for us to make our commencement. And here is the place to build our city."And I

may add. that from that time not only did these three exploring

parties bring back the word confirming what the President had said with regard to this place, but I believe it has been the universal judgment of all the people of the mountains that this was the place, and that around here were the greatest facilities, when climate.

soil, timber, water and evervthing are taken into consideration, that it was the most suitable for our central location.

"here is the place"

Brother -Woodruff informed the people yesterday how President Young, as he emerged from the mouth of Emigration Canyon, lifted himself up in his bed and peered out of his wagon, which overlooked the valley, the cottonwoods on the creek, and the camp on the east side of the creek in fair view, and as Brother Woodruff told you yesterdav, that President Young said then, and afterwards to all the camp, that this was the place he had seen long since in vision; it was here he had seen the tent settling down from

heaven and resting, and a voice said unto him. "Here is the place

where mv nennle Israel shall pitch their tents."The same Providence that directed the Pioneers, led by our late honored Presi760 IMPROVEMENT ERA

dent, has encouraged and directed the labors of the people from that time to the present.

MEANS FOR GATHERING THE POOR

The covenant which we made in the Temple at Nauvoo, when the vote was taken to journey westward and flee before our persecutors in the western states, the covenant we made in that Temple that we would never cease our efforts until we had gathered the poor who were unable to go with us, and bring them to the place n hicli should be selected for the gathering of the Saints, was the first thing to come up before us when we had raised the first crop and demonstrated the fact that grain and vegetables could be producedpopulation—thehere, and covenantthat therewe werehad madefacilitiescamehereup beforefor sustainingus, and wea

commenced our operations of gathering from the people contributions of their scanty means, which we sent back for the poor who were left by the wayside between Nauvoo and Council Bluffs and Winter Quarters, and on the Missouri river, and others who were scattered up and down the river and in northern Missouri, who were venerable and unable to proceed, and Bishop Edward

Hunter was the individual to whom this sacred trust was confided, and the one who led the camp of the poor that were gathered in the year 1850. Our funds were collected in the fall of '49; and

Bishop Hunter took the means and with others crossed the plains that year, and in the summer of '50 brought the first company of poor Saints by what is known as the Perpetual Emigration Fund

Company, which has been in operation now thirty years, and has gathered its thousands annually. The fund was gotten up on the

principle of perpetual succession, to continue increasing on condition of the people acting honestly and in accordance with their covenants, repaying the amount, as fast as they could do so, which had been advanced to them. But I very much regret to have to

say that many who have been the recipients of the contributions of the poor have seemed to forget the pit from which they were digged, and the hole of the rock from which they were hewn, and have neglected their duty in this respect. However, we have

abundant reason for thanksgiving for all the good that has resulted from the efforts of the early settlers and of those of later years, in contributing for the gathering of the poor in the many thousands those that were leftthat have been brought to this land—first

behind in Missouri and Iowa and on the eastern borders of what is now Nebraska, and next the poor of the old world.

THE CHANGE IN ONE GENERATION

A generation may be said to have passed away since the

Pioneers arrived in this valley, thirtythree years being deemed the

THE UTAH PIONEERS 761

average duration of a generation at the present time. And the

change, how great! The careful observer of the scenes presented

to us yesterday—the representation of the trades and industries,

manufactures and commerce, and the associations for the education and improvement of the youth, the great increase among the people, the comforts, not to say luxuries, of life which surround and bless the people on every hand today, present such a contrast that the heart is full to overflowing with thanksgiving and praise to our

God, and ought to inspire the rising generation with great faith, courage and perseverance, knowing what has been accomplished in the past generation, and should lead them to reflect and consider what lies before us in the future.

THIRTYTHREE YEARS LATER

There is one feature, however, which contrasts unfavorably today; it is this: that among the rising generation, and even

among some of the former generation still remaining, some seem unmindful of the providence of God that has led us and planted us here, and the purposes and designs of Jehovah in thus leading us here, and the great work which God requires at our hands; and

some of them seem befogged; the cares of the world, the deceitfulness of riches and the pride of life turn the heads and hearts of

some, and who make it possible for a certain class to thrive in our midst whose object and aim is to thwart the purposes of God ana the works of the Saints. True, there is a class among us, and perhaps a large portion of that class called outsiders, or those who

have not yet been able to see and understand the spirit and inspiration that moves the Latterday Saints, there may be many of this class who are able to appreciate the industry, and the union, and the faithfulness and virtue of the Latterday Saints, and their exertions in converting the desert into a fruitful field, and opening up this great interior country to civilization, and are inclined to award them reasonable credit for their efforts and labors. But there is

another portion who are among us, not entirely for filthy lucre's sake, not entirely for matters of business, not entirely for the purposes of procuring homes as people generally are, but they are here for another purpose, some as missionaries, some professional, some like the ancient Pharisees who Jesus said compassed sea and land to make one proselyte, and when they had done so, they made him tenfold more a child of the devil than he was before. Then there

are political missionaries, and sometimes missionary judges and

Federal officials who, instead of faithfully performing their duty, go out of their way to cast odium upon the Saints, and draw a veil over their virtues: and who take pleasure in exhibiting their faults

and greatlv magnifying them. These latter classes, instead of

adopting that noble sentiment of the poet, "Speak of all the best 762 IMPROVEMENT ERA

you can,"do the opposite, and try to conceal what good they mighi speak of; their hearts seem to be a fountain of bitterness which,

instead of sending forth sweet waters, are only bitter continually.

That Spirit which the Latterday Saints have received by faith, repentance and baptism and the laying on of hands, and by continuing constant in prayer, is like the fountain in the center of this building, springing up a well of water unto everlasting life, reviving all around. But the spirit which the missionaries referred to

seem to have imbibed, sends forth bitter water, producing nausea and vomiting. I say the unpleasant feature of today is the fact

that there are a sufficient number among our own people, who have become stupid, befogged and benumbed in their sensibilities and blinded by the cares of the world and deceitfulness of riches so that they are ready to strike hands with any whom they think can in anywise contribute to gratify their vanity, their pride, their lustful and covetous desires. Were it not for this, the existence

of this class of missionaries referred to would not be possible among us. There would be nothing to encourage it, nothing for

that element to feed upon. But so long as we are ready and willing, in addition to that charity which the gospel promotes in us, to

let this charity overflow to such an extent that we are ready to receive into our fellowship and into our arms the serpent as well as the dove, without being able to discern between them, and perhaps fondle the serpent in our bosom until he stings us; this is an

evil among us which is to be deplored.

god's providence in opposition

Although taking the broad view of the providence and dealing of God with the children of men, we must admit that even in this, too, there is an overruling providence, and that it is not without its good result and grand design; for one of the important truths

in the ecenomoy of heaven with regard to the dealings of God with men, is that they must all be exposed to temptation, all must be tried and proven by their own works as to whether they love the truth, virtue and goodness; whether they will plant the good

seed in the soil of their hearts, or the evil seed; whether they will

nourish and cherish the good seed, giving it a chance to grow, or whether they will allow it to be choked down by the growth of evil. Each and every one must work out his own salvation with

fear and trembling, and without thus being tempted and proven, and having an opportunity of being tempted and proven none could enter into glory. And in the economy of heaven the tempter

seems but to perform his part of the work. The evil one, whom

we call that old serpent, Satan, or the devil, is but performing the will not say the part that part of the work which he has chosen—I

has been assigned to him, but the part he has chosen. And so with

THE UTAH PIONEERS 763

all those who choose evil instead of good, who receive and cherish error instead of truth, who roll falsehood as a sweet morsel under their tongue, and when the truth is presented before them and is within their reach, if they are willing to receive it, they with all those who delight in evil speaking and in evil surrounding, and in misrepresentations, indulging in envy and in everything that is evil, have their choice, they take their choice, they labor in the sphere which they choose for themselves, they walk the road and path which they themselves elect, they sow the seed and they themselves nourish the seed in the soil of their own hearts, and they reap the fruit of their own labors, whether bitter or sweet, whether lovely, pure and holy, or whether it be envy, jealousy, vituperation, wrath, malice and death; for the one road leads to death and down

to damnation; the other to peace, fellowship, union and love, with

all the attendant joys, glory and exaltation with the gods.

May heaven inspire us to know and understand the truth as it is in Christ Jesus, and to magnify our high calling before him, in the name of Jesus. Amen.

THE FIRST HOUSE IN NEVADA

George C. Parkinson, writing from Los Angeles, April 25, encloses this

photograph obtained from Mr. David L. Aldridge. The cabin was built

by his father, William Aldridge, in Genoa, Nevada, in June, 1850, being the first house in the state of Nevada, and was known as the "Mormon"station. It has since been destroyed by fire. Mr. David L. Aldridge is a

native of Clay County, Mo., is now seventyseven years of age, hale and

hearty, and a very interesting character. He was born in the Church, but

claims now that he does not believe in any "church"religion. His wife i

dead and all his children are married, so he lives alone in a comfortabJchome at No. 242 F Street, San Bernardino, Cal.

My First Broncho Ride BY CHARLES HERMAN N0RBERG.

The horse: what a wonderful creature is the horse. As a

boy, my opinion of these animals was very high. That was before

I ever owned one, and while I was still wishing and wishing that someone with a kind heart would see fit to bestow this gift to me.

To me the horse embodied the mighty strength of the giant, and the swiftness of the eagle; to draw great loads which big men

could not move; to fly up hill and down carrying the weight of a

grown man! I think there is something marvelous about this deserving animal.

Dutch and Jim had taught me to feel this way. Dutch was a

large, fat, sorrel horse, with the disposition of a kindly man, and he had enormous strength. Jim was a steed of almost perfect

stature. A shiny coat of rich brown covered him as a silken mantle. His was the swiftness of the eagle. The way he held his

head, the flash from his beautiful eyes, reminded one of great pride and of the most vivid lightning. He was so filled with action that

to sit upon his back and skim across the country was like a powerful tonic. Another great thing about Jim was his splendid disposition, in spite of his fiery nature.

Three of us rode Dutch many a time. His back was round

and soft, like a saddle. It was almost impossible to make him

trot. There was no fire in Dutch. Just a faithful, plodding gait

that "got there"sooner or later. If we fell off, he was glad. The

longer we were in remounting the better he liked it—the more

grass he could eat. Absolutely lazy, but always to be depended upon

in a pinch: this was Dutch.

In my fancy now, I see the face of a generous, good looking uncle, mingled with the memory of a beautiful, yearling colt; and

so long as I live, I shall never forget the day he came to me and gave me this wonderful horse.

The animal excited so much appreciation and delight within me, that I shall always consider this man a prince. You may believe me when I say that this horse was no "cayuse."She was an

animal any boy might be proud of. She had a shapely head, carried high. Her body was supported by four of the trimmest legs

I had ever seen.

The few days following my receipt of this gift were taken up in efforts to break her to the halter. Very few young horses

take kindly to the rope, and none of them will lead well at first.

We were sometime getting the halter on her. She had a way of

MY FIRST BRONCHO RIDE 767

shifting her head quickly, just as we were about to fasten the buckle.

When we tried to lead her she began to show her spunk. We

tied her to a post and when she found herself detained, her very humanlike temper arose. She did not hesitate. She broke the

rope.

It is in the nature of things that man must win sooner or later.

Even a wild horse must come to learn that man is his master.

When the colt learned this, she became the most obedient of creatures, and followed us around like a lamb.

Then I mounted her. She seemed as gentle as old Dutch.

After a moment or two, I concluded that there was no danger.

She took to carrying me on her back as naturally as a fish swims.

The generous gift of my uncle was becoming a reality, and my own importance was growing every minute. I was actually making

use of my own property. Up to this time the ownership had

seemed more of a dream than a reality. Now, I was in absolute

possession of a beautiful horse. There was no possible chance of

my dream fading away now.

What an easy matter it was anyway to break a colt. Whoever should write my biography would have this wonderful feat to

tell, "At eight, he rode his first broncho."I expected to become

Buffalo Bill, the second!

As we walked through the meadow, I had a feeling that brother and sister, walking along with the procession, were mere babies. In comparison with my suddenly acquired size, they were

not even reckoned. "You'd better hang on to her mane,"said my

little, fat sister, clapping her hands excitedly. In answer I gave

her a glance of scorn and raised both hands to adjust my hat. A

little movement which had a lot of meaning; and the next movement also had a strong definition. Fifteen minutes later I began

to realize it. I have never had the pleasure of learning a lesson

so thoroughly in so short a time before or since.

Two or three days later we christened the colt Bronc, which is still her name, no doubt, and I decided to give some other lover of Buffalo Bill the honor of breaking her to ride peaceably.

Admiral Dewey is a little past seventyfive, but looks much younger. To a friend who asked him the secret of his

youthfulness, the admiral replied, "If you keep your face to the sunshine, the shadows will always fall behind you.""A

very pretty sentiment,"says the Youth's Companion, "for an old gentleman whose business has not been that of coining phrases."

SERMONETS

It is easy for a man to go wrong if he has no particular aim in life.

The man who is wrapped up in himself usually has pretty thin covering.

Never cast your vote in favor of any institution, project or policy which you can not ask our Heavenly Father to bless.

—George H. Brimhall.

In every pursuit of life it is the effort, the preparation, the discipline, the earnest labor that makes the valuable man in every department, not the mere fact of his occupying this or that position.

Whenever you get a little money ahead and begin to acquire a craving for a little flier in speculation, the best thing to do is to make the investment at once and have it it on your own farm. There is noover with—but make

other place in the world where you may take a chance with futures more understandingly or with greater chances for a profitable outcome. Farm Journal.

On a street car in Buffalo the other day a woman offered to a boy who happened to sit beside her a counterfeit nickel that the conductor had refused. She explained to the boy

that he might be able to pass it somewhere. He quietly

thanked her, and said, "I don't want it; I am a Scout."The

answer amply justifies the whole Boy Scout movement. But

what is to be said of the woman? Youth's Companion.

A cultured person is one who is able to bring about changes in his surroundings conducive to the satisfying of his highest wants. It is the person who obtains the great

uplift from his environment and who in turn furnishes the most favorable environment for the uplift of others who is the most cultured. Culture is active. Its possessor must be

a doer. It is a power for good. A man of culture always

exerts an influence for betterment, and the more useful he is in bringing about better conditions the more cultured he is.

The Mutual Improvement Association is designed to furnish suitable conditions to aid in the development of the cultured man. D. W. Panait.

IN LIGHTER. MOOD

From wellauthenticated sources, says a writer in Lippincott's, we learn that the Sultan of Turkey does not care for the tune, "Onward, Christian Soldiers."

One to Go.—Elocutionist: "Strike for your altars and

your fires! Strike! Till the last armed foe "

Fan: "Dat's two strikes, mister! One more an'yer out."

—New York World.

"Our new citizens quickly pick up American ideas."

"How now?""I asked the Greek bootblack on our block if

he wasn't going home to fight, and he tells me that he is paired with the Turk who runs the fruit stand."

The American Magazine speaks of a witty Welshman named

Jones who retained his wit even unto death. In his last illness, his lawyer who was sent for, to make his will, and his

physician stood on either side of his bed, when Jones calmly remarked, "Today, I am like my Savior, dying between two thieves."

A medical student was talking to a surgeon about a case.

"What did you operate on the man for?"the student

asked. "Three hundred dollars,"replied the surgeon.

"Yes, I know,"said the student. "I mean, what did the

man have?""Three hundred and one dollars,"replied the surgeon.

The wild Indian has apparently disappeared forever. Even

the great chiefs who, in native costume, watched President

Taft break ground for the Indian memorial at the entrance to New York harbor a few weeks ago, were not what they seemed. One of them, whose warbonnet shadowed a face

streaked with yellow and vermilion, was looking at the great

East River bridge when a bystander attempted by signs and motions to impress him with an idea of its size. After a

little the Indian interrupted him with the remark, "Yes, it's some bridge, all right."He is a graduate of Carlisle. The

ancestral costume was for the occasion only. Youth's Companion.

"The Sacred Books of the 'Mormons'

A Letter and a "Protest Against Misrepresentation"

BY STICKLING B. TA1.MAGE, B. S., CURATOR OF THE DESERET MUSEUM

[The letter and protest were written by the author in reply to an article by Professor Edgar J. Banks, in the Christian Herald, which letter "is herewith reproduced, together with comment upon il by the editor of the Christian Herald.-

The Editors.]

April 2, 1913. would throw any new light on the presThe Editor, The Deseret News, City: ent controversy.

Dear Sir—In the Christian Herald of "Yours very truly,

Jan. 29, 1913, appeared an article en- "THE CHRISTIAN HERALD."

titled "The 'Sacred Books'of the Mor- I submit the article to you, thinking mons,"under the name of Prof. Edgar it may be of interest to ihose who have

James Banks, of Toledo University. So been following the Book of Abraham

many misstatements were in the arcontroversy.

ticle, and the treatment of the subject In view of the superficial study Prof.

was so surprisingly unscientific, comBanks has evidently given 'the quesing from an educator, that I thought tion, I doubt that he is qualified to a brief reply would not be out of place, judge what would or what would not so, on Feb. 2 6 last, I sent the manu- "throw light upon the present controscript, now handed to you herewith, to versy."His refusal to prepare a rethe asking Christian them to Herald, joinder to article indicates that he my in of fairness; interest it in, thepublish difficulty realizes the of patching up

accordance with the usual custom, I any sort of a plausible reply, in the enclosed stamped and addressed envellight of the expose of his careless and ope, with the request that they notify unscientific methods of argument. Butme of the acceptance or rejection of what is perhaps more to the point, the

my article. After waiting two weeks, editors of the Christian Herald, which

1 wrote a letter of inquiry, and reis supposedly a paper devoted to theceived, on March 27, the following recause of truth, prefer to stand responply:"THE CHRISTIAN HERALD, Prof.sible forBanksthe afterfalse theirstatementsfalsity hasmadebeenby

"Bible House, New York City, March pointed out to them, rather than open 22, 1913. their columns to the truth, if this truth"Mr. Sterling B. Tannage, Deseret Mushows any likelihood of inculcating a

seum, Vermont Building, Salt Lake desire in the minds of the Herald readCity, Utah: ers to study any phase of "Mormon "Dear Sir—Your article on "The Sacism"rationally and without prejudice.- disred which of the Mormons"Books of the in the same issue An editorial Professorcussed a previous article by contained a quotation Christian HeraldBanks has been sent to that gentleman from a letter written by Bishoo P. S.with the request that he should prepare Spalding to that paper. It reads:a or to simulrejoinder reply appear in the pamphlet writing object "My in yours,taneously event the with Jothat the world to inform not of was

it. arthe to publish decidingour As inactranslations were Smith's seph ticle was largely personal we consider curate, and that therefore his claim to it only fair to have the criticsm and be a prophet of God was invalid, but reply both go together. to try to convince the Mormons them- "Yours very truly,

"THE CHRISTIAN HERALD. selves of those facts. The rest of the world has long ago made up its mind. (Signed) "Geo. H. Sandison, Writing and action, which can be de- "Editor."scribed as 'attack,'no more affects the

Prof. Banks, however, did not see fit Mormon in his belief than they affected

In prepare a rejoinder. On March 31, the early Christians in theirs. Th3

my manuscript was returned to me by value of the pamphlet and the literathe Christian Herald, accompanied by ture whiah may grow out of it is to be 'he following note: measured entirely by its effect upon the

"THE CHRISTIAN HERALD, Latterday Saints."

'Bible House, New York City, March It may be of interest to censider at 26, 1913. this date, nearly four months after the

"Mr. Sterling B. Talmage, Deseret Muappearance of Bishop Spalding's

seum, Vermont Bldg., Salt Lake pamphlet, just what its value is.

City, Utah: "mpaurpd pntirelv by its effect upon

"Dear Sir—We regret that we can- 'hr T atteday Saints."And if. pernot devote space to the enclosed. It rhane. we could now sret the bishop f

has been read by Prof. Banks, who express his own opinion of the value of

does not consider that its publication the literature which has grown out of "THE SACRED BOOKS OF THE 'MORMONS'"771

bis booklet, measured entirely by this was equally ignorant of these things."

same standard, we might get someAlso "A mere glance at Smith's drawthing of surpassing interest. ing, crude as it is, convinces the stuRespectfully, dent of Egyptian burial customs that

STERLING B. TALMAGE. the Mormon prophet understood absoMr. Talmage's reply referred to in the lutely nothing of what he attempted

foregoing letter follows: to copy and to explain."And in refer-

"THE 'SACRED BOOKS'OF THE enceof Egyptologyto a certaincanfiguresee "Anyat a studentglance MORMONS."it that in the is but Egyptian sungod protest(A against misrepresentation. his boat,"efto and the more same Sterling By B. Talmage, B. S., cufect. Apparently considthe author

rator of the Deseret Museum.) ered a superficial glance at Bishop

An article under the above caption, Spaldings pamphlet sufficient, for he from the pen of Prof. Edgar J. Banks, has simply appropriated some of the

1 -of Toledo University, appeared in the ideas expressed by the jury of scho

Christian Kerald of Jan. 29, 1913. purars, altered the wording slightly, supporting to be an additional argument plemented this with a few purely imagin favor of Bishop Spalding's recent inary items of "Mormon"history, and

denunciation of the Book of Abraham, presented this to the unsuspecting edibut in reality little more than a passtors of The Herald as his own work.

ing notice of the Bishop's pamphlet, NOT ONE NEW ARGUMENT against without raising any new points. The the Book of Abraham is given; every

only new thoughts expressed in the arone has been already published ANT) ticle are decidedly original with the auREFUTED.

thor, and so inconsistent with known Heretofore, the discussion has been history as to call for a o'ord of protest conducted in a spirit of apparent fairagainst their presentation under the ness, but this author shows his lack guise of fact. of careful study by boldly asserting,

The whole article shows that the on no authority but his own, that author's acquaintance with the "Sacred Joseph Smith has "altered the drawBooks of the Mormons"is decidedly ings to suit his purpose,"an accusasuperficial and apparently derived from tion that has not been made before, on hearsay only, and evinces a lack ot account of its palpable absurdity. Poor

careful study and painstaking verificadrawing has been charged, even to the tion of facts which seems remarkable extent of rendering some characters in view of the author's scientific standillegible. All this is admitted, for

ing. An editorial footnote characterthey were almost surely copied by one

izes Prof. Banks as "one of America's who knew nothing of the principles of

most distinguished archeologists,"and Egyptian writing, but intentional algives a list of his accomplishments teration is a new accusation. "We

along the line of archeological remight, ask, if Joseph Smith intensearch. A perusal of the article itself tionally altered these copies of the

makes one wonder whether that expapyri, why was he not consistent?

planatory note was not inserted in selfWhy did he not alter the figure of the defense by the editors of the paper, "angel of the Lord,"in the first plate, that they might not be open to the and give it some other head than that charge of publishing an amateurish reof a bird of prey? Why did he not alview of Bishop Spalding's recent pamter figure 4 of the third plate, and

phlet, supplemented by a few notes make it look more like a prince and from some encyclopedia, and with a less like a woman? The "mere

libera 1, sprinkling of purely imaginative glance"on which the author places so matter. much stress might lead one to beTrue, the literary style of the arlieve that many characters had had

ticle referred to is finished, but the their meanings guessed at, but as Dr.

author's palpable exaggerations ana Robert C. Webb pointed out in his

feeble presentation of unsupported armasterly article in The Deseret News guments rob the article of most of its of Jan. 18, 1913, Joseph Smith's exforce as an argument against the diplanations are ABT, CONSISTENT

vinity of Joseph Smith's work. WITH THE EGYPTIAN EXPRESThe first thing that strikes one in SION OF IDEAS, and as Joseph Smith

reading over this article is the number did not have access to any of the of things which the writer says can be scholars'store of Egyptian knowledge, "seen at a glance"by a mere tyro in which had not yet been made public,

Egyptology. Thus we are told that he was. if not inspired, "an unusually

"The most elementary student of successful guesser."A few cases in

Egyptian may see at a glance from point might emphasize this.

the translation that Smith had not the Take for instance figure 4 on the slightest knowledge of the Egyptian hypocephalus, which the author "saw language, or history, or burial customs, at a glance"was "the Egyptian sun and that the source of his inspiration god in his boat."The writer did not

772 IMPROVEMENT ERA

see fit to Inform his readers that this later researches of the closest students figure is a numerical sign representing of Egyptian myths and religion.

a million, and that the boat is known In a few points relating directly to as "the bark of millions of years;"also Egyptology, this "distinguished archehe failed to state that Joseph Smith ologist"shows us his distinguishing

interpreted this as "also a numerical characteristic—that his imagination

figure in Egyptian, signifying one thouoverrules his sober judgment; he says

sand."There is a difference between a "there were none to challenge his [Jothousand and a million, surely, but Joseph Smith's] translation,"and fondly

seph Smith further explains that it is proceeds to imagine that none will in accordance with the measurement challenge his own explanations; conof time on a planet where a day corsequently, he makes a number of stateresponds to a thousand years on earth, ments which would cause even Dr.

and so his thousand, according to this Spalding's jury of capable scholars U measurement of time, corresponds marvel.

EXACTLY to a million years on earth. We are toldthat Egyptian hieroglyph-

A remarkable coincidence, surely, and ics are now "as intelligible as an one that will require a modification of English newspaper."Dr. Mace, one of

Prof. Bank's statement that Joseph the bishop's "capable scholars,"says

Smith's translation "has not a vestige "Egyptian characters can now be read of truth in it."Dr. Webb makes the ALMOST as easily as Greek."These

pertinent statement, "It is a curious two statements are not QUITE the fact that one having 'no connection same, and furthermore, Dr. E. A. Walwith... European scholars'should lis Budge, one of the greatest living

have suspected that any numeral whatauthorities on Egyptology, says, "It ever was indicated by this figure."must not be imagined for a moment

Another instance demanding some exthat everything relating to the Egyptplanation other than ridicule is found ians is known, for it is not. Much has

in figure 8 of the first plate, and figure still to be done in many branches of 6 of the hypocephalus. In one case, the science What EgyptoloJoseph Smith interprets the figures as gists have already made out from the

four idolatrous gods, and in the other monuments and papyri is but an earnhe says the picture "represents the est of what is yet to come."("The

earth in its four quarters."Prof. Banks Dwellers on the Nile,"p. 16.) The latsays they are "pictures of the four jars est edition of the Encyclopedia Briwhich contained the soft part of the tannica (1910) says, regarding Egyptbody when it was prepared for burial ian translation, "The meaning of man>

by the mummy maker,"and he omits words may be still unknown, and many all mention of the second interpretation. constructions are still obscure;...

Dr. Budge in the Book of the Dead The Egyptologist who has long lived

says of these four canopic gods: "Origin the realm of conjecture is too prone

inally they represented the four pilto consider any series of guesses good lars which support the sky, or Horus. enough to serve as a translation."(EnEach was supposed to be lord of one cyclopedia Britannica, eleventh edition,

of the quarters of the world, and finally 1910, article on Egypt, p. 58.)

became the god of the cardinal point."We wonder if the writer of the article

Then he goes on to explain that the in question has as much trouble with human entrails were, at a later stage bis English newspaper—for such an inof Egyptian history, placed in jars ference might be drawn from his

surmounted by the heads of these words. Two explanations suggest

gods. Dr. Budge says, "The god of the themselves; either the writer's early

North protected the small viscera. The education was so sadly neglected that

god of the East protected the heart and newspaper writing is now like lungs. The god of the South protected hieroglyphics to him, or else he

the stomach and small intestine. The is the great unrecognized augod of the West protected the liver and thority on Egypt, and knows more

gall bladder."The names which Jothan Dr. Mace, and Dr. Budge,

seph Smith is said to have originated and the Encyclopedia Britannica for these deities are of little consetogether. But both such suggesquence. The essential point is that he tions will finally give way to iiuex-

interpreted them as four idolatrous planation that tne author did not know gods which represented to the Egyptand did not verify what he presents as ians the four quarters of the earth fact. Is this another case of a littla

precisely the gist of Dr. Budge's exknowledge being a dangerous thing, or

planation. If, as the author states, "the did Bishop Spalding make a huge misMormon prophet understood absolutely take in not passing by his eight capnothing of what he attempted to copy able scholars, and getting the opinion

and explain"there remains the quesof this man who can do more in readtion of how Joseph Smith got at the \r-y- Egyptian than anyone else has ever explanation which is borne out by the claimed was possible?

'THE SACRED BOOKS OF THE 'MORMONS'"773

Dr. Mace also speaks of about years behind the times, we are con40 of the hypocephali being known in fronted with certain assertions thav

museums, all being "similar in charcould be made only through ignorance, acter,"whereas the article in question as no man of science would knowingrefers to them as "stock hieroglyphs'* ly make false statements when their and leads one to believe that all are refutation was in print before he was identical (except as to age) and can born. We are told that the plates of

be bought by the hundred. As a matthe Book of Mormon were brought

ter of fact, it is doubtful whether any down from heaven by an angel and two that have been studied are exactly delivered to Joseph Smith, while the alike. But the writer, with the disre- "Mormon"prophet's own statement is

gard for consistency which characterthat he dug them up with his own izes his whole article, shows two hands from the spot where they had hypocephali which are different in been buried by their last mortal cusmany essential details. (Both these, todian centuries before, and that he

by the way, are stated in the descripwas directed through divine revelative line accompanying them to be from tion to the spot. We are informed also

the Pearl of Great Price—the editors that Joseph Smith translated the

evidently absorbed some of the author's heiroglyphs which accompanied the carelessness.) And thus the author reBook of Abraham "through the aid

futes his own claim, for the two of an Egyptian mummy,"and in hypocephali, one which accompanied another place "by the help of a the Book of Abraham and the other mummy,"a fabrication pure and simfrom a picture published in the New ple, as the only connection between the papyri is thatYork Times of Dec. 29, 1912 and said the mummy and

to be a facsimile of a papyrus in the they wereburied together. If the author

Berlin museum, are, while similar in had taken the "mere glance,"which general design, different in so many he mentions so often, at "Mormon"details as to disprove the author's history, he would have known better;

statement that the disks "are nearly instead, he let his imagination run alike, varying only slightly with the riot; and in publishing these stateisperiod from which they come."ments under the name of science, he

libelling science, and and Mormonism, first the informed that are also We all at once. the Egyptian mummies of the Book accompaniedplate which

Abraham is "one of the stock pictures Not only that, but his reference to used at most Egyptian burials,"where- "The Book of Abraham, published as a careful search through two verunder the title of the Pearl of Great sions of the Book of the Dead, one by Price,"shows that he could never

Dr. E. A. Wallis Budge and the other havy examined the book; for the Book subof four is but one Abraham to of fails S. Davis, H. Charles Dr.by divisions Price, of Great in the Pearl this resembles that picture oneshow

plate in essential details. This wholecomprising only 25 pages, including

sale multiplication of identical copies the accompanyingcuts with their exexists solely and wholly in the author's planations, out of a total of one hunimagination. Men have been known to dred two in the Pearl of Great Price. significant the oubmost of all, And extraordinary certain see double under lished plates ESCONSTITUTE NO provocation the butcircumstances, SENTIAL OF PART OF THE TEXT a man to make be great indeedmust but are THE OF ABRAHAM, BOOK identical of exactly see thousands pictures merely or pictographs which is accredited of. Banks Pi hypocephali!

it. accompanied and in discovering success with much their editorial "Will note asks An bur mummies, Egyptian out digging Tthe faith the stand "Mormon's"] elehis of out quite be to "seems he faith of revelations?"shock Their such out digging to it comes when ment "rejust has to been such subjected information. iiifhpnti velations,"misinformation on based refacts for disregard author's The four facts, distorted and for than more exceeded is only Egyptology to lating gentyears. score philosopher once A atin selfconfidence supreme his by ly of his those opinion expressed who of phases certain discuss to tempting to tread, in rush fear angels where tne taking without h.story "Mormon"saying by matter a judgeth that "He th about anything learn to -rouble it is wise."before not heareth he We makes he seriousness all In subject. of said he wonder have would what any scarcely nave which statements this beonly judges authir not who the of account His fact. in foundation article fore hears, publishes an but he concerning "Mormons"the of c'aims writer plainly the that so which shows is books sacred theii of origin the studied "Sacred the not has even his own unmistakably invention—and prothe of which Mormons"Pooks he Joseph accuses who a man this from discuss, fesses exhibits to such and suit to papyri the altering of Smith facts for accented disregard amazing.on his over men* Passing purpose! his in he science concerning which the practice, presentday as a polvgamy of

which only shows him to be twenty ranks as a specialist. Such fabrlca774 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tios, groundless charges, and gross who claimed that they had seen the exaggerations may have weight with plates of gold or the angel, was suffipeople who oniy read one side of a cient to convince Smith's followers that question, but in this day when intelthe book was truly of divine origin.

ligent men like to study what they Such testimony is always a purchasable read, any writer should remember commodity. However improbable or

that it is at least desirable to know impossible it may seem that an angel something concerning the subject on brought down from heaven inscribed which he presumes to speak. plates of gold to Smith, the final test

PROF. BANKS'ARTICLE. of the truth of Smith's claims must

Under the title "The 'Sacred Books'come from the history of the American of the 'Mormons,'"Prof. Banks wrote Indians and from the alleged white race.

in The Christian Herald as follows: As yet scholars know little of the early

It has been estimated that something history of the Indians, and the white like 20,000,000 of Egyptian mummies have race seems to have been imaginary.

been discovered. Thousands of those Therefore it is impossible at present

best preserved are now in the showto prove or disprove the veracity of the cases of the various museums of the claims of Smith and of the 11 witnesses.

world. In the tombs with the mumThe second book, The Doctrine and

mies were countless other objects. Covenants, contains the divine laws,

There were paintings on the walls, which, so Smith claims, God delivered chairs and tables, jars containing the to him orally. It is the laws of this

parts of the body which were removed hook which sanction plural marriages.

when the mummy was prepared, mumThere were no witnesses to hear the my cases gaudily colpred with funeral voice of God delivering the laws to scenes and hieroglyphic inscriptions, Smith. "We have only Smith's own

and in the cases along with the mumword, and to his followers that seems mies were papyri. Beneath each mumto have been sufficient. Therefore at

my's head, like a cushion, was a little present it would be difficult to prove disk of clay or papyrus, covered with the truth or falseness of Smith's mythological pictures and with a claims.

stereotyped hymn. The disks, found in However, there is a third Mormon

great numbers, are nearly alike, varyhook, The Book of Abraham, published ing only slightly with the period from under the title of The Pearl of Great which they come. "Hypocephali,"they Price. It is a new history of the forare called, because they were placed mation of the world, from Abraham,

beneath the head. Like the mummies, given to Smith through the aid of an

the objects found with them have been Egyptian mummy. It contains Smith's

scattered abroad, and in the museum alleged translations of some Egvptian at Cario any tourist may purchase as documents relating to Abraham in many of them as he will. Egypt, and some illustrations represenThe inscriptions on the disks and ting God and Abraham and various

the mummy cases, of course, could not dieties, which are called Egyptian. The

at first be read, nor could the mytholoBook of Abraham was Smith's weak gical pictures accompanying them be point. He did not foresee that in time

understood until the inscriptions could the Egyptian hieroglyphs on the milbe read. However, in 1799 the famous lions of objects in Egypt would become

Rosetta Stone was discovered, and as clear as English characters; that the

C'hampollion, a French scholar, began Egyptian drawings would be perfectly the slow process of deciphering its intelligible, and that the deception hieroglyphic inscription with the aid of would become like an open book.

the accompanying Greek translation. Some time about 1835. Smith, so he

The process was so slow that it was writes in his diary, received from Minot till 1841 that a grammar of the chael H. Chandler some mummies and

Egyptian laneuasre appeared. Then the two or three pieces of papyri. Thev

progress in the study of the language were ordinary mummies, just like the was rapid; the strange hieroglyphics millions of others found in Egypt, and

became as intelligible as an English the papyri contained the stock inscripnewspaper, and the mythological tions and drawing-s which were placed scenes were clearly understood. in the tombs of all mummies. RememAbont 70 vears aero, before the anber, that at that time the first Egypcient Eevptian language could be read, tian.srammar had not appeared; the

Mormonism appeared. Tt founder. Joonly Esryntian scholars were Champolseph Smith, presented his followers lion and two or three others who were

with two hooks, which he claimed were tryineto guess at the meaning of the of divine origin. The Book of Mormon, Egyptian characters, with the aid of

so he claimed, he copied from rates of the Creek translation on the Rosetta pvd vhich nn aneel hroucht to him in Stone. Thousrh the Eevptian lansrnaee

New Vork Stat<*. The hook pretends to could not yet be read. Smith, an Ameribe a Viitorv of the American Tndians can, without the aid of the Rosetta

and of a *">e of whit r>eonie who lived Stone, but bv means of a special "rev- 'n yvmprip before its diseoverv hv elation."or by the help -if a mummy,

Columhu=. The testimony of 11 men. translated the disks, and thus the Book

"THE SACRED BOOKS OF THE 'MORMONS'"775

of Abraham was given to his followers. Egyptian Horus, representing the soul

There were none to challenge his transol the dead man hovering over the lation, for then none couid read the body. Thus a mere glance at Smith's

Egyptian, and so the matter was drawing, crude as it is, convinces the dropped. Since then the Egyptian lanstudent of Egyptian burial customs

guage has become perfectly intelligible, that the Mormon prophet understood and recently Bishop Spalding of Utah absolutely nothing of what he atasked the leading Egyptian scholars to tempted to copy and to explain.

verify or disprove Smith's translaAnother drawing in The Pearl of tion. Great Price shows, so Smith says,

If it were not for the prominence that Abraham seated on Pharaoh's throne.

Mormonism hasl attained; if it were.-not Behind him stands the king; before

for the debauching polygamous prachim is a prince of Pharaoh, the servtices which it sanctions, Smith's transant Shulem and a slave. Here Abralations of the Egyptian documents, and ham, on the throne of Egypt, is said to

his explanation of the drawings, would be discoursing on the principles of asbe simply ludicrous and unworthy of tronomy. Above and below the picture

serious notice. The most elementary are hieroglyphic characters. The origstudent of Egyptian may see at a inal of Smith's crude drawing is a

glance from the translation that Smith common stock picture from the tombs;

had not the slightest knowledge "f the its meaning is thoroughly understood.

Egyptian language, or history, or burThe seated figure is not Abraham, but ial customs, and that the source of his the Egyptian god Osiris, before whom inspiration was equally ignorant of the dead were brought for judgment.

these things. Yet it was all taken Behind him stands his wife lsis, and

seriously by his followers. before him, conducted by two figures, is

One of the drawings in The Pearl of the soul of the dead man. Again Smith

Great Price represents, so Smith bays, mistakes a table covered with lotus

Abraham lying on an altar about to blossoms for Abraham in Egypt.

be sacrificed by a priest. Near by is The third drawing in Smith's Pearl of

the angel of the Lord and four gods Great Price is a poor copy of the most whom Smith calls by peculiar names, common hypocephali. the little disks

in the form of jars with covers shaped which were placed beneath the heads like the heads of animals. There is no of the mummies as cushions, and which

inscription accompanying the drawing, are therefore found in the greatest but Smith is inspired to interpret the abundance. They are covered with

picture. Go tc any Egyptian museum stock pictures and with hieroglyphs

and look at the papyri or the mummy containing selections of a hymn to the cases, and you will find practically the sungod. Some of the hieroglyphs of

duplicate of this drawing over and Smith's copy are so crudely drawn that over again. It was one of the stock they are scarcely recognizable. Upon

pictures used at most Egyptian burials. the disk, says Smith, is a picture of

Smith, however, slightly altered bis "God upon his throne, clothed with < f copy of it to suit his purpose. From the power and authority, with a crown

Egyptian Book of the Dead and other eternal light upon his head."Any stuEgyptian; writings, it is absolutely dent of Egyptology can see at a glance

known just what the picture meant to that it is but the Egyptian sungod in the Egyptians who made it. Smith's bis boat. The Mormon prophet's exAbraham on the altar is but a complanations of the other pictures on the

mon mummv upon its bier. The figure at disk are equally absurd, and his transit. his side to whom Smith has given a lation has not a vestige of truth in

knife and whom he calls a priest of To call it selfdelusion would be charElkenah is the Egyptian god Anubls, itable indeed.

the protecting god of mummies. The The Pearl of Great Price, unfortufour dieties which Smith says are nately for the fame of the Mormon

standing by the sacriflcal altar, and prophet, thus contains in itself tangifor whom he has originated the names ble evidence, showing where it came

Elkenah, Mahmackrah, Korash and from and how it came. It proclaims

Pharaoh, are pictures of four jars itself a fraud clearly and unmista.kably,

which contained the soft part of the in terms which cannot be denied. What

body when it was prepared for burial value, tben, shall we place upon the by the mummymaker, and like all words of the Mormon prophet such jars, their covers were made in when he tells of other sathe forms of the heads of a man, a cred Mormon books, that God hawk, a jackal and a baboon, the four dictated one of them to him orally, and sons of the Egyptian god Horus. Such that he cooied another from piates

jars are found in abundance, and are to of gold which an ansfel brought down be seen in most collections of Egyptian to him from heaven? There is but one

antiouities. Pictures of them are freanswer.

quently drawn upon on the papyri. The object which Smith calls Abraham m THE EDITOBIAL, COMMENT.

with covered table a is simply Herald Egypt Christian of the The editor dehe which hawk article, flowers. The lotus Banks'Prof. upon is the commented Lord"of the Angel "the as scribes

776 IMPROVEMENT ERA

under the heading, "The 'Mormon'Breasted of Chicago University, Dr.

Hieroglyphs,"as follows: Arthur C. Mace of the Metropolitan

The three hieroglyphs on page 83 of Museum of New York, Dr. John Peters

this issue are referred to by Professor of the University of Pennsylvania,

Banks in the foregoing article. Dr. Professor C. A. B. Mercer of Western

FlindersPetrie discredits Smith's interTheological Seminary, Dr. Edward

pretation of the central diagram, and Meyer of the University of Berlin, says it is a well known Egyptian hierand Professor Von Bessing of the oglyph, showing Anubis preparing the University of Munich, have examined body of the dead; the bird is the hawk the hieroglyphic illustrations in the

of Horus, the four gods (as Smith preBook of Abraham. These distinguished

sumed them to be) are four funeral jars men, each of whom has large exfor use in embalming. The diagram perience in Egyptian research and

to the right on page 83 was Oriental literature, united in pronouncinterpreted by Joseph Smith as ing Joseph Smith's translations absurd follows. Fig. 1, the First Creand inaccurate throughout. Dr. Mace

ation, nearest to the divine abode, calls the Book of Abraham "a pure

Fig. 2, Olibish holding the key of power, fabrication"and Professor Mercer

as revealed to Abraham; Fig. 3, God says the translations of Joseph Smith

on his throne with the crown of eternal are "undoubtedly the work of pure light upon his head; also the grand imagination."These expert opinions

keywords of the priesthood as revealed from the highest sources are now supto Adam in Eden; Fig. 4, the firmaplemented by a remarkable article

ment; Fig. 5, Enishgo-ondosh, a govfrom the pen of Professor Edgar J.

erning planet, said by Egyptians to be Banks,* whose contributions on archethe sun. A number of the characters ology (many of which have appeared

in this diagram were noted by Smith in this journal) have been the product as mysteries yet to be revealed. The of a lifetime of exploration and

diagram on the left (page 83) is from study.

the Berlin museum collection. It is one Right Rev. F. S. Spalding, Bishop

of the common circular discs, thouof the Diocese of Utah, through whose sands of which have been found under instrumentality the whole question of the heads of mummies in Egypt. They the validity of Joseph Smith's translaare stock hieroglyphs, used by embalmtions has been publicly raised, writes

ers for almost all entombments. The to The Christian Herald:

illustration on this page, showing Ave "My object in writing the pamfigures, is from the Book of Abraham, phlet was not to inform the world and was interpreted by Joseph Smith that Joseph Smith's translations were as follows: Fig. 1, Abraham sitting on inaccurate, and that therefore his a crown wearing throne, Pharaoh's claim into be prophet a was of God

2, Fig. priesthood; representing Phavalid, to try but to convince the Morsignifying Abraraoh; Fig. 3, emblem themselves facts. mons of those The

4, of Pharaoh's in Fig. one Egypt;ham rest of the world long has ago made of 5, servant a princes; Fig. Shulen up its mind. action, Writing and which slave. 6, a Olimlah, Fig. Pharaoh; 'attack,'described be as no more in can is astronomy discussing Abraham affects the in his belief than Mormon remarkable court. the king's Of this affected they in early the Christians interpretation, need say nothing we theirs. of The value and the pamphlet deFlinders-Petrie further than that literature out grow which may typithe it scene, is clares a very common of it its entirely is to be measured by the judgment before fying the dead

seat of Osiris. The figures are: 1, effect upon the Latterday Saints."

Orisis; 2, Tsis; 3, the stand of offerings; This is a very generous attitude. Bishop Spaldingis simply taking El- 4, the goddess Nebhat: 5, the dead person: 6, the god Anubis, the conductor der Roberts at his word and subof the souls of the dead. mittingthe "Mormon"literature to the

test. highest mind, To an unbiased

result Less than two years ago, Elder the is conclusive. the But, while deablest of Roberts, one the Brigham in world interest a passing have mav state- a of fenders Mormonism, made discussion, the to the them- "Mormons""must that books ment the Mormon selves vital issue. Will be it should a test, criticism literary to every submit

with the rest....The book is flung revctheirlutions?faith stand the shock of such down into the world's mass of literature and here it is; we proclaim it Professor Edgar James Banks is one

true, and the world has the right to of America's most distinguished archtest it to the uttermost in every posenlosrists. Hp conducted excavations at

sible way."Now, the world has taken Bisvma (1903), making discoveries

him at his word and has tested the dating back to 2800 B.C.; was field divalidity of the Book of Abraham. A rector of Babylonian expeditions, and

troun of eminent Orientalists, includhas explored extensively in Arabia.

ing Dr. A. H. Sayce of Oxford, EngTurkey, Egypt, etc. Ts professor of

land. Dr. FlindersPetrie of London languages and archeology in Toledo

University. Professor James H. University, Ohio.

Dr. Pack to Dr. Peters

We print elsewhere today some letcontained in the Book of Abraham it ters which have passed between Prois perfectly natural that an altar had fessor P. J. Pack, of the Utah Univerbeen erected in Chaldea on which to

sity and the Rev. Dr. John P. Peters, perform religious rites according to

of St. Michael's church, New York, Egyptian customs, and the statement

relative to the discussion of the Book that the altar was constructed "after of Abraham, reopened by the Right the form of a bedstead, such as was

Rev. Bishop P. S. Spalding, of this had among the Chaldeans,"as well as

City. The letters explain themselves. Egyptians, is not inconsistent with

Dr. Peters endeavors to defend the what is known of those ancient naopinion he expressed in his first letter tions. They were so closely connected

to Bishop Spalding that the author of both socially and politically that they thte Book of Abraham, "displays an must have had many things in comamusing ignorance,"because, as the mon.

learned doctor says, in that book, We confess some disappointment "Chaldeans and Egyptians are hopewith Dr. Peters because of the fliplessly mixed together, although as dispancy and contempt evident in his

similar and remote in language, recorrespondence on the subject. It is

ligion and locality as are today Amervery clear from his letters that he ican and Chinese."has formed his judgment of the Book

it half the We have on a former occision called of Abraham without giving attention to the fact that the closest thought and study he would have desocial relations at one time existed bevoted to a brick tablet from Nippur.

tween the ruling houses of Egypt and He advises Dr. Pack to go an enBabylonia, as revealed by the Tel elcyclopedia for information regarding

if a professor of ourAmarna letters. We need not repeat the Chaldeans, asthe statement already made. We University needed such silly advice,

merely add here that, according to and he addresses the Editor of the

Prof. George Frederick Wright, of Deseret Evening News at "Deseret,

Oberlin College, long before the days Utah."If that is not intended as

of Abraham "kings from Babylonia pleasantry, we might reciprocate by had claimed possession of the whole advising Dr. Peters, the undisputed

eastern shore of the Mediterranean, authority on ancient Babylonia to turn including the Sinaitic peninsula."To to some reliable encyclopedia and

say therefore, as Dr. Peters does, that learn that the capital of Utah, where

the'Chaldeans and Egyptians were as The News and some other leading remote both in language and locality papers are published, is not Deseret.

it be that as are today the American and Chinese but Salt Lake City. Can

is very far from accurate. the learned clergyman needs to be reSalt of Lake we our minded famous of Abraham Book the From slogan-. first?""See America monarch Egyptian some that infer irreverent, seem remarks sanctuThese may Egyptian an established had inaccuracy, the notice where same but we Chaldees, the of at Ur ary in ofthe attitude the contemptuous same maintained lived, and Abraham illusof the Dr. Peters treatment by Chrisjust as there priests ficiating

in of Abraham. day trations the Book in our societies missionary tian is disparts genuineness yet, their not And ad in representatives maintain study the deserves subject that puted. The furthermore, and, world; the of scholarship. impartial gods of thought and strange the after followers the that fact the the of reminded at are influential We and so many were great years a ago h than few not a more when Abraham, that Ur, of city it that declared Wellhausen, scholar, priesthood holy the obtain to sought in story of the believe to impossible object was the became ancestors his o? said: Genesis. of chapter Lord He 14th the the told by was and persecution Persian the This kings from four "That his of facers land the leave to of time Abraham, in Palestine the should, gulf to came obeyed he command Sininto the incursion an have made Egypt. to eventually and on they should that peninsula, narrative. aitic this in improbable nothing kingfive Therej attacked probable this occasion have highly is it contrary, the Sn Littoral have and lets Sea the on Dead uponjtte light of flood a it throws and finally prisoners, and off carried them Abraham of emigration the for reason in set out should have that Abraham went He Egypt. in sojourn his and acvictors, retreating of the idolpursuit of errors the with battle to there servants, and 318 men by companied yeu tneir at persecution and at their disgorge to them forced have information the On sce'oSpplysheer are incidents these a prey, n

8, 1913impossibilities which gain nothing in tutorial Deseret News, April 778 IMI'KOVKMKNT KRA

credibility from the fact that they are \ indicated notwithstanding the attiplai ed in a world which has passed tude of skepticism. Is there, in the

:iw ay."mistakes of eminent scholars regardAnd yet, in spite of this scholarly ingthe Bible no lesson to us regardopinion, Amraphel has been identified ing the Book of Abraham? We think

with Hammurabi; Chedorlaomer, with there is. The truth of the Book of

KudurLngamar; Tidal, with TudghuAbraham will also be demonstrated

la; and Arioch with EriAku who at by further research. This, if nothing

one time reigned over Ur and Larsa, in more, has, we believe, been made sufChaldea. The historicity of that reflciently clear during the present dismarkable part of Genesis has been cussion.

An Offshoot of the Spalding Argument

BY FREDERICK J. PACK, DESERET PROFESSOR OF GEOLOGY, UNIVERSITY OF

UTAH

On page 28 of the pamphlet "Joseph published in the Deseret News of

Smith, Jr., as a Translator,"an article March 15.

appears over the name of Dr. John PeThe following letter has just been reters, purported to be of the University ceived fom Dr. Peters requesting that

of Pennsylvania. The present writer his reply to my letter be published:

found it quite impossible to obtain any St. Michael's Church,

specific meaning from several stateNew York, March 25, 1913.

ments of the article, and with a view Dear Sir:

of clearing the matter up sent out the Under date of March 15,you published following letter: a letter from Prof. Pack to me. When

Jan. 16, 1913. I received it, I was quite unaware who

Dr. John Peters, the person was who had written me, the

University of Pennsylvania. reply was written in haste and not for

Dear Sir: publication. Nevertheless, as Prof. Pack

I have read with great interest your has published his letter, I think my communication to Dr. Spalding which answer to him had better be published

he recently published in a small pamalso, and as a matter of courtesy and phlet dealing with the claims of Jofairness I am sure you will be glad to seph Smith the "Mormon"prophet. do so.

The last paragraph of your letter Yours very truly, closes thus: "The text of the chapter, (Signed) JOHN P*. PETERS.

as also the interpretation of the plates, Editor of the Deseret Evening News, displays an amusing ignorance. ChalDeseret, Utah.

deans and Egyptians are hopelessly Following is the letter which Dr.

mixed togetrer, although as dissimilar Peters requests the Deseret News to and remote in language, religion and publish:

and are today American locality St. as Michael's Church, to which addition In Chinese. York, the 'New Jan. 28, 1913

writer knows nothing of either of Prof. F. J. Pack,

them."Salt Lake City, Utah.

I confess that I do not know just My Dear Professor Pack:

'* what you mean by this statement. PerTurn to the "Pearl of Great Price

haps you would be good enough to outpage 52, paragraph 8; "it was the cusline your meaning in greater detail tom of the priest of Pharaoh, the king

for me. of Egypt to offer up upon the altar

Kindly permit me to thank you for which was built in the land of Chaldea your courtesy. for the offering unto these strange

Very trulv yours, gods, men, women and children "(Signed.) F. J. PACK. Page 53, verse IS': Where the bed

In course of a few days a reply came pictured in the cut No. 1, which is

from Dr. Peters addressed from St. taken from Egyptian sources is

225 Ninetydescribed West Church, as Michael's an altar "after the form It City. was street, York ninth New SUCh as 'was had among d fiead Peters them Dr. that learned subsequently Chaldeans."Section 14, 20 23 and University the are with also specific is connected not examples of this same for been not has confusion and Pennsylvania of of Chaldean and Egyptian other These and years. 20 which runs past the through the whole chapter article over in forth set an -indeed the facts were whole of the of Book Abrapresent writer the ham. of Each signature individual the passage referred

AN OFFSHOOT OF THE SPALDING ARTICLE 779

to exhibits the lack of knowledge with one. Whom do you mean by "the

regard to Chaldeans and Egyptians inwriter?"Do you allude to Joseph

dependently, as well as the hopeless Smith or are you making a confesconfusion of the two, which are, as sion?

stated, dissimilar and remote in lan- I had hoped to get some further inguage, religion and locality. sight into your meaning and in con-

I do not know in what other way t sequence wrote you on the 16th of answer your letter, or what specificaJanuary last, but your reply of Jan.

tions you want. I thought I had made 28, only tended to convince me the furmy statement quite plain. ther of the superficiality of your exYours very truly, amination.

(Signed.) The references you make are correct, JOHN P. PETERS. fcut to me your conclusions are wholly

P. S. For information about the unwarranted. And further, dear DocChaldeans, turn to any modern tor Peters, do you really mean to state

encyclopedia, as for instance, the that this alleged confusion "runs

Encyclopedia Britannica, and look up through the whole chapter—indeed the

the article under that heading. Their whole of the Book of Abraham?"Your

habitat was Babylonia. According to statement would almost lead one to

ancient methods of locomotion, and believe that you had not read the book.

even today, that is from one to two The post script to your letter is dismonths'journey from Egypt. couraging. (I wonder why it was

omitted from the copy forwarded to

Many duties have prevented the The Deseret News for publication?)

present writer from replying to Dr. Out here in Utah we do not rely upon

Peters'letter until very recently. Copy encyclopedic articles as ultimate

of reply is herewith appended: sources of information. We usually

April 3, 1913. seek something slightly beyond that to

Rev. Dr. John P. Peters, which our school boys have access.

St. Michael's Church, The information you furnish me conNew York City. cerning the habitat of the Chaldeans

My Dear Dr. Peters: is profound, almost beyond human

There are several things which I decomprehension.

sire to say concerning your statement And again, will you kindly explain to Dr. Spalding which he published in what you mean in your letter to The

his pamphlet dealing with the Book of Deseret News by stating that when

Abraham, and also concerning your you received my letter you were "quite letter to me, under date of Jan. 28, 1913. unaware who the person was who had

I desire to be very frank with you written?"Did I not write you upon my

and trust that in case you care to professorial letter heads, and did you reply you will assume the same attinot in turn address me accordingly?

tude. Now, my dear Doctor Peters, I want

In the first place your letter to Dr. you seriously to reconsider your stateSpalding does not appeal to me as havment concerning the Book of Abraham,

ing the ring of mature thought. Such.and then to give me your mature conexpressions as "apparently"and "if I clusions. I would like you to go back

forget not"are usually used as safeinto Chaldean and Egyptian history for guards behind which one may seek your information. I would be glad to

protection in case of detected error. receive references (not encyclopedic)

They are never used when one is sure upon which you base your conclusions.

of his ground. In other words, work out the history of

Your opening statement concerning Abraham's time, the conditions under the "comical"nature of the plates does which the records were made and the not convince one that you have given long line of modifying conditions the matter serious consideration. The through which they probably passed in

statement flavors of flippancy or prebeing transferred to us, and then tell judgment. me whether the "plates contained in

Again, the closing lines of the last the Pearl of Great Price are rather paragraph are unworthy of you. You comical."

here say something that you either do Above all things let me urge upon not mean or cannot prove. Do you ycu the following: Firstly, nothing

mean to say that the Chaldeans and short of thoroughness will satisfy us,

Egyptians were as "dissimilar and resecondly, we must have proof for statemote in language, religion and locality ments made and, thirdly, the farther as are today American and Chinese?"you go into the matter the better we

I urge you, dear doctor, fully to conshall be pleased.

sider the meaning of your statement Very truly yours, J. PACK.and then to give me your answer. We (Signed.) F.

have school boys who can successfully I trust that in the very near future controvert your present attitude. Dr. Peters will see his way clear furYour closing statement "In addition ther to explain his attitude in this

to which the writer knows nothing of matter. J. PACK.either of them"is a very confusing FREDERICK

One Song

BY GRACE ZENOR ROBERTSON.

Surely the fine arts are given of God to man that he may express the divinity of his soul, and of all arts there is none more efficient than the gift of song.; Music is a language which appeals

to all; it holds the power to touch the hearts of men, uplift their

souls and open for some the gates of that eternal city where dwells tile Master of all music.

I have listened to some of the world's best operas, and for days and days their wonderful melodies have lingered in my memor sleeping and far into the night. But the songory—waking

is not found among the I love best of all, is not one of these—it

classics and is not often sung, perhaps, by singers of renown; it

is found among the old songs which have been laid aside as things of which one has grown weary. Often and often as I

tenderwander among earth's children, it comes back to me—its

ness and haunting sweetness have been interwoven with the more, earthly threads of life.

fly, the swallows "When homewardlie—roses scattered the When

Sometimes, I see again, in dreams, a land I love, its whitewalled towns, its slowflowing rivers, bordered by mosshung branches. I see the rose gardens and feel the sunshine—the burning sunshine, as it floods with gold a waste of burning sand,

stretching far away toward the blue Sierra Madre mountains.

It is joy to live again the balmy southern nights, when theshadows fell so slowly, so softly, over the valley—softening

rugged hills into beauty and changing the desert into a plain of peace; when the cool winds came in from the ocean and kissed

the drooping leaves and flowers into life again. Sometimes the

moon came swinging over the low mountains like a golden chariot, and far through the dusky, whispering trees we saw its gleaming on the river, on the white walls of the town, while from some open doorway came the soft notes of a Spanish lovesong.

It was a night like this—fairer than this—it seems to me

I heard first, my song. The oldfashioned garden was a tangle

of southern roses, in all their fragrant glory, minroses—great

gling their perfume with woodbine which clung with sweetness to each veranda and curtained each low window of the house.

On the morrow, our missionary boy would be far on his journey to another land of strangers; we would meet no land—a

ONE SONG 781

more -for months, for years, and never would we perhaps—but

speak our fears. We lingered those last flying moments, where

so often we had stood together by the vinewreathed pillar of the

I could notporch—silently—this night, I know not why—only

speak. A chime of bells pealed in the Spanish church, beyond

the river and again I heard the sweet notes of a song; someone

tenderly, so sweetly, I canwas singing just across the way—sonot forget, and the pathos of the song crept into my life—-while

the face of the man at my side was turned toward the shadow.

fly, the swallows "When homewardlie.—roses scattered When the

When the late rose petals were scattered among the drifted the boyish lips couldautumn leaves, he came to us again—but

not smile to us a greeting, nor the dark eyes open at our pleading words. As a soldier he had gone out to the world with his

to us oncearmor of loVe and purity, and so—he had come back

more, as soldiers sometimes come to those they love.

I wonder not now that the song held for us then such strange forebodings. I wonder not that when I hear the words

again with their soft music, it is to me the sweetest song of all

DARKER, IDAHO

The Singer.

Happy be the man who sings To men on earth of heavenly things,

And gives "life's drab"bright shining wings;

And points beyond the stars.

Revered the man who molds the dust,

Takes from things the rime and rust,

Teaches men in God to trust.

And shows a life beyond.

True man is he who teaches men,

Read the words from God's great pen,

Points to things beyond their ken

To signs of Greater Being.

For he shall live again in years,

When kin bedew his grave with tears,

And he shall bid them cease their fearsShall help them carry all their cares,

By the Spirit of his song.

Aubrey Parker.

EDWIN NATURAL BRIDGE Span, 174 ieet: heirht, 104 feet

Chapter XI—Three Days'Rain

The starvation trip, as it came to be called, had been four weeks a thing of the past, when Ben and his father went to the

Elk Mountain to ride with the J B pool, where they hoped to gather most of the steers lost in the head of Cane Gulch. The

pool had been riding there more than a week when they arrived, and Foreman Dick put Ben on dayherd, and, incidentally, on nightherd, for the bunch was big and every man had to take his turn in the still hours of the night, at diverting their attention from a stampede.

Young Rojer took Flossy for nighthorse, or more properly speaking, nightmare, though a pleasant one; but Alec fell heir

to the easy work of the dayherd, where plenty of leisure time was spent in searching again the kind coltish eyes, and enlarging the old friendship begun at Peavine. When the J B horsewrangler

brought the band thundering down the hill to camp every morning, and each J B cowpuncher snatched his lariat preparatory'to roping some reluctant creature for the day's ride, "Hold on a minute,"Ben would say, "let me get a horse out of there,"and when he had put his arms caressingly around the bay neck and led Alec over the bars, he would add, "Now lasso your wolverines."

The dayherders usually came To camp at dark, and, there being no cook at that time, the preparation of supper devolved on the most willing among a lot of tired men.

On the evening of Ben's first day with the herd, the whole force, herders and riders together, rode in at late dusk, tired out and hungry as wolves. From the last meal there remained only,

a few beans in the bottom of a stewpan; no bread nor beef nor

any cooked morsel with which to stay their gnawing hunger till supper should be prepared. But if Josh Widder had not kept

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 783

careful account of those beans being left, then he knew by instinct they were there, for without waiting to unsaddle old Pancho, nc dropped the reins, and seizing a spoon, plunged into that beanpot with a greed that would put a starving boar to the blush. It was

an action fittingly natural to his ironclad trick which had gall—a

often won him a supper the advantage in the land of Pagahrit.

When some of the public spirits kindled a fire, the fat man drew near with his pot and his spoon, intending by the firelight to locate and gobble the remaining quart in time to unsaddle and send Pancho away with the horses. When the light fell into the

stewpan, Widder took one look, put on the lid, and staggered spasmodically away into the night.

The boys by the fire had seen it all: the stewpan lid must

have been tilted all day, for the big blowflies of the mountain

CATCHING THE HORSES

had made that beanpot the scene of a mighty convention; and

their offspring, hatched and unhatched, hung in clusters and festoons over the defunct carcasses of multitudes of their ancestors.

Just how much of this unhol/ mixture Widder took into his stomoutfit fell overach is a matter of. wild conjecture; but while the J B

backward and laughed till it cried, the fat man could be heard in the convulsive process of doing with the beans what the big fish did with Jonah.

Montana and another fellow had charge of the dayherd. Old

Charley Spy had been hired to help them, and he did help them most of the time; but Spy never cared to get very far from the

it like an old mossback thick timber. He loitered always near

steer You might see him looming up, a ghastly apparition among the oakbrush, and the next minute you might not be able 784 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to find so much as his track. The forest was to him what water

is to a frog: if anything happened, or any new man came in sight,

Spy plunged over the hank and disappeared.

"The okman died fo'teen yea's ago,"declared Montana, soberly, "an'it's nothin'hut 'is ghost a hauntin'that ole haws."

They said they found Spy lurking ahove the brakes, and since they hired him for the dayherd, he had been induced to go to camp only twice in ten days. What he ate or where he slept no one

knew. He came out of the woods in the morning, and plunged

back into them at night. No one followed nor sniffed his tracks,

for he carried a veritable cannon of a Winchester under his leg, and a wicked old Colt's.45 on his hip. He rode a sorrowful

old sorrel, hipshot and limpy, but no one ventured to test the old sorrel's speed or endurance, or play any manner of joke, practical, or impractical.

Montana smiled his approval of the arrangement, when young fact it is not unlikely that theRojer joined the dayherd—in

Southerner had asked for this same arrangement. He left the

other fellow and old Spy to guard an end and side of the herd, and monopolizing Ben's company, took up a position on the opposite side and proceeded to renew old acquaintance and tell about certain conditions in cam]).

"Ye see, kid,"for kid seemed to be with him an endearing term, "it's all on account a that friend a yourn,"meaning Josh ain'tWidder. "lie didn't have no call to interfere with me—he

the kind of a man I'd look at no way; but it seems that some of

the fellers saw muh picture on a postoffice door in Durango, an'he can't git over laughin'about it ever'time we're all in camp. He

sorto intimates he'll take me in an'git the reward, soon as the roundup's over. He talks lots where they kin hear 'im, an''e

says things that 'e ought not to say. I told 'im just last evenin'

that 'e better not say no more, but 'e acted like a fool an'said Vd talk all 'e pleased in this free country. But I tell ye, kid,

'e better not say no more."

Ben understood in a minute how Widder in his overbearing, thicknosed way, had thought to win the notoriety of driving a desperate man out of the country; and how, in his stupidity, he

was propagating elements of war more dangerous to his own destardly self than he imagined. Montana was not the man to be

crowded; any sensible person would know that.

"Ye see I've come away out yere,"continued the Southerner, "away f'm all muh friends an'all muh enemies, an'wanted to begin life over again, an'do tilings on the square. I don't want

to hurt nobody no more. It's 'cause I'm sorto cast down like that

I've endured yer friend as long as I have. He thinks I'm scart,

that I dasn't do anything, an'c's goin'to make game of me fer the crowd."

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 785

Montana stroked the muscular neck of old Dent, and looked more forlorn than Ben had ever seen him look in the daytime.

"I tell ye, kid, it's bad enough to have to hide around yere like a wolf, without bein'deviled by that,"he said, and talked on without reserve for a long time, apparently relieved by unburdening his heart, though to no other than callow little Ben

Rojer. No one else had heard it. Ben's guileless, openmouthed

attention had called forth thoughts reserved from every man in

San Juan county. Of course it was all in strict confidence

they both understood that without saying so.

As the day drew to a close young Rojer became feverishly eager to see Josh Widder. Not that he loved that gentleman more

than usual, but as he traced the lines of sadness and desperation in the Southerner's face, he believed it his duty to turn a tide which might have a deadly ending. He felt under his own finger

the trigger of a situation understood by no one so well as himself.

When the fellows came to camp that evening, Josh came not with them; he had gone with Foreman Dick and Ben's father to

camp in Hell's HalfAcre, and the three would be back next day.

At least that is what young Rojer understood them to say, and he rested easy.

The mere mention that Widder would be awav recalled the case of the beans, and all hands exploded as if it had just happened, but the Southerner said nothing.

"Do you remember when he swiped all our soap and sugar?"

asked one. "Well, I should smile,"answered another. "But that ain't as

bad as he done with Al Holt's wintercache of honey. When he

found it, accidental, he just stopped an'et all 'e could, an'poured the rest out an'stomped the can."

"I was with him onct,"put in a third, "carryin'salt from

North Elk, an''e borrowed a Mexican's panniers, an'promised to; but when 'e got done with 'em, 'e threw send 'em back next day

if that - - greaser really 'em down the hill an'said, T wonder thought I was fool enough to send 'em back'."

: "But 'e sure got crool when e Then from another quarter

drew down on ole Dick,"and a big laugh went over the camp.

Even Montana put off his reserve and joined in with the heartiness of a schoolboy..,...,,

Someone explained for young Rojer s benefit that Widder drew his sixshooter on the foreman, who opened his pocketknife and drove the thicknose, gun and all, out of camp. P> outfit had roasted the fat man to a crisp brown When that T

on onside they turned him over and continued the roast, but the

Southerner'remained quiet. These souls so free to talk behind a

man's back might be the first to fawn upon him and turn state s

MHHft

t

REACHING CAMP. WORN OUT, IX THE EVEXIXG

evidence when he should again appear. With all their loud talk,

Montana knew they might use his own words to make a bad matter worse, so he merely listened.

When the herd strung out of the corral next morning, a black bank of clouds rested on the distant buttes of Mossback Mesa, and a damp, cool breeze whispered uneasily among the quakingasps. Before noon two woodpigeons shot furiously by and sank

into the rugged depths of Hammond canyon, just as a hollow explosion in the dark cover above sent the cold drops slanting to earth. The patter of those drops on the earth became lost in the

roar of drops that followed. All afternoon the oak leaves dripped,

and the trails became pools and mud. By night every ravine

howled with its torrent, the sky hung black and the tall pines stood deathly still, but the men from Hell's HalfAcre did not appear.

Montana induced old Spy to go with the outfit to the cabin, and take his turn riding around the corral, for a roundup of steers are never more likely to stampede, than when the night is dark and wet. and crashes of thunder break into the silence.

The cabin, never famous for its comfort in dry weather, was an ideal den of discomfort when the rain dripped through the old mud roof, and the smoke from the fire in the rude fireplace went "every way but up the chimney. On this first night of the storm,

Ben came muddy and bedraggled to his supper, and besides the dread of his miserable hour in the rain and the dark, and besides his rainsoaked bed and general discomfort, he felt a strange anxietv for the three men not yet returned from the lower countty. Then his eves rested on the wild man from the forest, old

Spy.

Soy, to quote his own words, "chawed tubacker."His teeth

were few and scattering, and when his jaws closed on that preVOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 787

cious tubacker,"an extra fold of lips fell sometimes in and sometimes out while he "chawed,"but they turned out proboscislike, when an accumulation of juice was ready to spout into the fire.

His white whiskers hung wavy and thin on each side, and under his wrinkly skin, the lean muscles revealed the shape of the hinge and socket of his jaw. His laugh was a weatherbeaten cackle,

which the boys took occasion to provoke by way of diversion; and

his bloodshot, stormbattered eyes, pulled sorrowfully down 'with the "chawing,"were suggestive of twin kidneysores on a cayuse.

Once he referred to Kentucky and the turf, but seeming quickly to regret it, changed the subject abruptly. Still he delighted to talk of horses, though it were no other than the sorrel

skeleton that bore him on dayherd, and in and out of the wood.

AT ONE END OF THE HERD

Ben had heard the boys say that the old man never washed, nor removed an article of clothing after having once put it on, and while he watched in the flickering light of that fire, and took stock of the villainous raiment, discolored by various timeworn stratas of gravy and dust, he decided that the J B outfit had been too respectful of age to tell the whole truth.

Outside of the cabin the rain kept up a continual purr, and inside, the drip, drip, spatter, spatter, would have been sufficiently demoralizing, without old Charley's cadaverous face looming up in the dim light, to cast distorted shadows on the log wall, and lay the foundation of bad dreams. The nighthorses stood patiently

and longsufferingly under a tree to which they had been fastened five steps from the door, and the corral full of rolicky steers was three rods in the darkness beyond them.

Ben's was the last guard. It began at three o'clock, and the

788 IMPROVEMENT ERA

rain still fell with monotonous regularity. No glimmer of light

shone From any quarter and, the position of the horses having been changed by the former guards, young Rojer soon discovered he had mounted the wrong horse. Bui he dared not change at that

particular moment, for some influence, deep and dangerous, seemed to hover over the division of blackness which he knew to be the corral of dripping, miserable steers. Not a noise—it was

not sound that arrested his attention, but silence thicker than the night itself, into which his watersoaked song would not penetrate.

Suddenly, as from a cannon on the hillside, came a deafening crash of thunder and a brilliant Hash of light. The massive pines

stood plain as day, the wet quakingasps glittered over the pools of water in the trail; and while the light of that flash yet lingered

on the earth. Ben saw one side of the corral disappear beneath a

raging sea of fat steers. The thunder and the stampede were simultaneous. With one stiff yell to let the outfit know he was in

pursuit, he put spurs to whatever horse he had mounted, and flew on after the pounding hoofs and jostling horns.

While the herd stayed together young Rojer stayed with it, through forests and over rocks, in brush and mud and the wreckage of all they could mash. To bring them back would be like

rounding up chaos and driving it through space to some invisible solar system, but he knew that a shirttail brigade would follow quick in the wake of this mighty roar, and when the roar died down he would guide the searching party by his own voice.

Just how many of those steers got away, and where they went, nobody knows. In the gray and drizzling dawn, the halfdressed,

soaked and spattered J B outfit drove up to the ruined corral with most of the steers that took part in the stampede.

When Ren began to look for Flossy, behold she carried the cackling old Soy, who, as he felt her animating gait, grinned and laughed, as tickled as a puppy just able to walk. That mare was

worth two of his sorrowful sorrel, with the cannonWinchester and Colt's.45 thrown in; and as he climbed down and gave Ren

the reins, he cackled to his old driedup self in such a menacing, treacherous way, that young Rojer turned to nail the threat on the old man's lips. Rut old Charley looked innocent enough—

his face was calm, with old tobacco juice on his countenance in general, and every feature in particular.

Tt rained all day. Late in the afternoon Ren saw Josh coming alone through the trees, and was alarmed to hear that the

latter knew nothing of Fred Rojer and the foreman; that he had

been to the Woodenshoes, and not to Hell's Half Acre at all.

Then recollecting himself. Ben determined to suggest a change in

what seemed a dangerous situation. There was nothing pleasant

in the task, for he knew Montana exoected him to be quiet, and he feared the thicknose would laugh him to scorn besides making

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 789

trouble later on. But the Southerner leaned on his saddlehorn a

quarter of a mile away, and Ben resolved to speak. "I wouldn't

like you to say that I mentioned it,"he began, "but you better not tease Mont any more."

A sneer came from under the black mustache. "Huh! He's

been blowing to you, has 'e? Well, you watch an'see what I do

with him,"and turning old Pancho away through the mud, Widder cut the conference short.

With a peculiar sense of discomfort, young Rojer watched the slickered horseman disappear towards camp. He didn't exactly regret having spoken, but he felt that his effort had stirred

no relish of appreciation, and it might hasten the trouble and draw him into it.

The rain continued to fall. The night closed in black and wet,

but Fred Rojer and Foreman Dick failed to come forth out of the gloom, and a growing weight of dread and apprehension settled itself on Ben's mind.

When the first guard rode out to the corral, and the boys gathered around the smoky fire in the cabin, some mysterious element of trouble began to pervade the atmosphere: everything

the drip, drip, from the mud roof,hung at a lull—everything but

and that grew loud in defiance. Young Rojer, thinking only of

the two missing men, went to the door and held his ear to the storm. No definite sound from without disturbed the steady roar

Then Widder's menacing voice broke the spell. A slight

change of position among the men followed, and Montana straightened himself in a cool, easy way, a wealth of steady nerve lookdidn't see it. Both men ing out through his gray eyes—but Josh

carried their sixshooters, as usual, and Josh carried, besides, hi?

full array of braggadocio and insolence. All eyes sparkled with

interest, ten per cent of which was to see fair play, and all the rest to see a rousing racket, the ragged edge of which had already merged on the scene.

"So you've been making yer brags to that kid,"sneered Widder.

"Why, Ben, what've ye been saying'?"asked the Southerner,

in surprise.

'T simply suggested that he better be quiet, explained the boy, meekly.

"But I don't act on the suggestion of babies, blustered the a fullgrown man goes sniveling around to thicknose. kids—"When the 1111 11, \t that moment Montana landed a heavy backhander

tall Widder's left eye, and sent him staggering to the wall. The

blonde followed close up without offering to strike again, and the 11, T B outfit held its breath. A burning question debated itself

the fat man's mind. He had been humiliated before the whole

790 IMPROVEMENT ERA

force. I [e would be the laughing stock for years if he let it pass,

but be feared he could not use his sixshooter quick enough. The

decision, characteristic of the mind that made it, was a foolish one, and the big revolver came lumbering out with about the same skill that an old maid would use in handling a bootjack.

Montana had made his kill long ago, and found it bad business indeed. With a gun he had the speed and facility of a beligerent tomcat, yet he left his own shootingiron in the scabbard,

and followed Josh to the wall with the ease and care of a man who knows his business well. When the lumbering weapon

came out, he whisked it in a flash from the hand that held it, and brought it clown with a crashing thud on the nasal zone of Widder's countenance, leaving a level open way from cheek to cheek.

Josh bellowed like a bullcalf, and went mushing to the floor with all the limpness and abandon of a wet shirt blown from a clothes line.

The J B outfit didn't say "Good!"but a servesyou right sentiment filled the cabin, and two of the boys looked their eagerness

*o shake the Southerner's hand and congratulate him, if only they;.ared to do it. As to him, he pushed the lumbering gun in the

and of his trousers, and took a seat in silence.

The Josh Widder who turned deathly sick, and lay white and rtill on the muddy floor, was hardly the man to drown an innocent clog, or steal longeared calves from his best friend. Ben thought

of that, and when he saw that no one in the cabin had a trace of sympathy for the prostrate man, he took an empty salt sack and a can of water, and after washing the clotted blood from around the demolished nose, he got two of the boys to help move their corpulent fellowlaborer on to a quilt and a pillow.

When Josh revived a little, he looked up at Ben with much the expression of a cow just pulled out of the mud, and though he said nothing, young Rojer fancied he saw shades of gratitude and shame chase each other across the crippled features. It may have

been all fancy, but while the boy looked down through the flickering firelight at the face he had hated, he sincerely hoped he had guessed aright about the emotion behind that ghastly wound.

When Widder had recovered sufficiently from the shock to breathe through his mouth with comparative ease, Ben went out in the rain. He looked at the black void above, and listened to the

dull, unvaried sound all around.

"Oh! where are they?"he whispered to himself. The question brought a sickening sense of apprehension. The fellows in

the cabin explained it to their satisfaction by saying the two missing men. were "hung up"by a flood. That seemed very likely, but

somehow it failed to pacify young Rojer. He was alarmed; he felt

in his very bones that something had gone wrong; and after praying under a quakingasp tree, a firm conviction settled upon him

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 791

that he must go to Hell's Half Acre as soon as he could see the way.

The J B fellows laughed when they heard his intention. Josh,

of course, didn't laugh—he held his pale face perfectly straight.

"No difference,"affirmed the boy, "I'm going. I'll stand my

guard tonight, but you must put someone in my place in the morning."

Young Rojer slept never a wink during that long, dismal night, and rejoiced to hear it when the time of his watch arrived.

At daylight the rain fell even heavier, and as Ben filled his saddle-pockets with biscuits and rode away, he saw Widder mount old Pancho and start for town, where, as subsequent events proved, he declared he had run into a limb on the night of the stampede.

The country was soaked; the ground, mud. Every dead tree

had water at its very heart, and every trail presented a slippery as if itfooting even for a shod horse. And still it rained—rained

were angry that it couldn't rain harder. The boy guided old

Flossie through the gloom of early morning, straight for Bear's- ears Pass, from which summit he half slid down the hill to the south, and wended his way among the wet oak brush to the head of Joshua's Trail.

The Cedar Ridge stood out black and dreary under the mists of the storm, as if each individual tree were being drowned, and

Hell's HalfAcre presented only a motionless stretch of watermistake,"said soaked sagebrush. "No difference—I've made no

the rider who urged Flossy down the steep, stony, greasy trail.

I'll find 'em.""They're down there somewhere, and

THE THICK TIMBER BEYOND THE HERD

792 [MPRI >\T VIENT ER \

But when he reached the fool of the mountain, he left the watersoaked Halfacre to the right, and wound off anionthe dripping cedars and soft clay hanks towards Cane Gulch. Up to

the present he had Followed an impression more or less vague;

now a definite idea began to take its plan'.

From the first brakes of the gulch, the crashing roar of water raised above the stead\- noise of the storm, and Ben had thoughts which caused a shudder, but he held Flossy to the upper brow of the hill, and headed for a certain place far below.

Hell's HalfAcre is simply an opening in the thick cedars, with a rude, tumbledown corral in its center, a place where cowpunchers often camp when they have business in the adjacent country. Foreman Dick and Fred Rojer camped there, but when

the storm began they decided to take a living look at Long Flat, and return to cam]) without attempting any roundup.

The first part of their plan carried all right, and they started back up Cane Gulch in time to have joined the outfit in the afternoon, but in the narrows they met a flood, which gave them barely time to climb a little sidehill before it swept by with its boulders and drift, making on the lower side of the two men. a barrier as

impassable as the smooth cliff on the upper side. Where the torrent turned out from the cliff at the upstream point of the hill,

and where it boiled against the smooth wall below, there was no ghost of a show to pass without being hurled into the foaming caves and waterholes.

At first they felt no alarm. A flood in San Juan county is

the next thing after a dry spell, but it seldom lasts many hours at a time. They had room to dismount and seat themselves on a

stone in the rain, and drawing their slickers around them, they waited hopefully for the water to subside. But the water did

not subside. That miserable day gave place to a wretched night,

through the long wet hours of which they stood chilled and aching, and held to their bridle reins and the packhorse's rope, to keep the three weary beasts from blundering off into the angry stream.

Morning revealed the restless waterline startlingly nearer than it had been the night before, yet the two prisoners assured themselves it could not possibly climb much higher—the clouds

would surely break before noon. But all that day the muddy surface crept up. and up, and up; and in the darkness that followed,

they felt it taking their footing inch by inch. The horses, standing in the edge of the stream, in the darkness and rain, grew frantic and almost beyond control, from knocks and thrusts of the

more and more savage pieces of drift which shot by.

Morning again found the two men against the smooth cliff, ankledeep in a current which was cutting their little hill from under their feet at a desperate rate. Weak with hunger and thirst.

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 793

and fatigue, and chilled and aching and numb with the cold rain, they hoped as against fate, like the two brave men everyone knew them to be. Besides whittling away their footing, the stream

began to rise now faster than before, for the rain fell heavier, and the earth, soaked full, shed the storm like a shingle roof.

"Matters are coming to focus,"declared the foreman.

"That's so,"answered the other; "about an hour at the present rate will settle it."

"What's that?"they asked, together; for being accustomed

to the roar of the flood, they detected all the more readily any sound foreign to that roar. Hearing it strong and clear again,

they looked up and saw the head and shoulders of Ben Rojer, peering down over the cliffbrow above them.

If joy were not the very best stimulant of all medicines bearing that name, it is doubtful whether Ben's trip could have saved the two men, even after he found them. For, weak with hunger,

DEAR S KAi.S PASS

and numb with damp and cold, they had scarcely power to take their part of the saving performance. When the lusty yells of

joy changed to,shouted questions and answers (for Ben could hardly distinguish their words above the flood), the boy felt like a giant, and the men below experienced a new birth of strength and hope.

Then young Rojer dropped the end of his watersoaked lariat down the smooth wall, and after pulling up the two saddles and the pack, in mild installments, he lengthened out his rope with theirs, carried the end of it back to the first good footing, cinched all was ready, the saddle tight on the pacing mare, and when mounted, wrapped the rope around the saddlehorn and hoisted

Foreman Dick up and out of impending doom. In two minutes

he lifted his father in the same way. though with another rope,

since the first was cut and stranded by dragging it over the rock.

794 IMPROVEMENT ERA

When Ben had grasped the rough hand of the foreman, and heard husky words of thanks and praise, he met his father's embrace with tears of love and joy unknown to all their confidence of the past.

They kindled a fire with cedarbark from a rat's nest in a cave, and while the men warmed their chilled limbs, Ben went again to the cliff and looked down at the three horses, huddled in the edge of the violent stream. Then he began to consider the

dizzy wall with its terrible torrent below, and his nerve, till now blind to danger, caused him to shudder and withdraw from the edge.

The saddlepockets of biscuits dovetailed happily into the situation, and though the rain descended unabatingly, the world looked brighter than ever before, for the great passion of love between father and son had more nearly expressed its sacred feelings than on any previous occasion.

"I'm proud of you, son,"affirmed Fred Rojer, when the story of Ben's coming had been told, but the boy left his answer to communion of soul with soul, for he knew no word sufficient to declare his pleasure with such a union, and such a father.

By noon the three horses were swept from their footing.

One of them crawled out more dead than alive on a bank below, but not so much as the bones of the other two ever came to light again. They may have found rest in the Gulf of California, and

they may have been buried in the heaps of drift, or ground to pieces by the wrath of the water.

With Flossy and the one survivor of the three to carry the pack and the saddles to camp, the two men and the boy led the horses, and traveled a-foot up Joshua's Trail and back along the course young Rojer had followed in the morning.

Late that evening, when the storm had cleared away, the J B outfit thrust its head out of the cabin door in widemouthed astonishment; and after listening ten minutes it took back the laugh it

had inflicted on Ben twentyfour hours earlier.

In the fair days which followed, the roundup came to a wellrounded finish, containing a goodly number of the herd that had been lost in the head of Cane Gulch the previous spring.

With at least the thick nasal region of his head put again in good order, Josh Widder came back to the roundup before its it for him.close, but he carried no gun—Montana carried

(to be continued)

Vicarious Service

BY ALICE LOUISE REYNOLDS, OF THE BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

One Sunday morning, while attending church in one of our wellknown American college towns, the minister delivering the sermon said, in substance Is it not a shock to the intelligence of any thinking person to be asked to believe that one person can die for the sins of another? How can the death of another possibly affect my sins?

I must overcome my own sins; all such matters are entirely personal. To reason otherwise is comparable to the reasoning of the

Indian who killed the first white man he came in contact with, because some other white man had killed an Indian.

That evening I attended another church, and the minister ol this church said There are persons who scoff at the idea of one suffering and dying for another, yet such is the way of life. We make oui

advent into the world through the suffering of another, and oft times the birthpangs bring death.

I shall go still further with this latter argument, to meet a class of people in and out of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, who insist that work for the dead is ineffective, because it is vicarious.

I would remind people who hold this point of view, that we is clear,receive our bodies vicariously. On this side our vision

and we accept it without thought as the only way. Fancy spirits,

in the preexistent state, refusing to come to this earth because of themselves they cannot clothe the spirit with flesh and blood. Imagine their insisting that no development could come to them

under such conditions.

Is it not likely that persons who object to a vicarious atonement, as well as work for the dead, are equally as inconsistent as a spirit would be refusing the mortal body in God's own appointed way? It is, we think, vastly better to take the poet Browning'?

view of matters, when he wrote

"Perfect I call Thy plan Maker, remake, complete,—T trv?t

What thou shalt do!"

PPOVO, UTAH

The Gospel to the Lamanites

I'N KEY L. PRATT, PRESIDENT OF THE MEXICAN MISSION

Kill—The Gospel Restored Through Joseph Smith, the Prophet

Nephi, when he uttered the foregoing words, was talking to his brethren and explaining unto them a vision that their father

Lehi had received, concerning the future of his posterity.

Again, in II Nephi 30, we find Nephi prophesying in regard to the restoration of his people

"And now, I would prophesy somewhat more concerning the Jews and the Gentiles. For after the book of which I have spoken shall

come forth, and be written unto the Gentiles, and sealed up again unto the Lord, there shall be many which shall believe the words which are written; and they shall carry them forth unto the remnant

of our seed.

"And then shall the remnant of our seed know concerning us, how that we came out from Jerusalem, and that they are descendants of the Jews. "And the gospel of Jesus Christ shall be declared among them;

wherefore, they shall be restored unto the knowledge of their fathers, and also to the knowledge of Jesus Christ, which was had among their fathers.

"And then shall they rejoice, for they shall know that it is a blessing unto them from the hand of God; and their scales of darkness

shall begin to fall from their eyes; and many generations shall not pass

away among them, save they shall be a white and delightsome people."

Nephi also saw that the Lord would not permit the Gentiles to forever remain in that same state of spiritual darkness that they were in when they came unto this land, because of the plain and precious parts of the gospel that had been held back from them by the great and abominable church, whose foundation was the devil; but that after the Gentiles had stumbled exceedingly

because of the precious things that were held back by that church, the Lord would be merciful unto them, even to the restoring among them, by his power, much of his gospel that should be plain and precious.

lie saw how the Lord would manifest himself unto his seed, and that the}- should write many of the things that he should minister unto them, which tilings should be true and plain and preTHE GOSPEL TO THE LAMANITES 797

cious, and that through the power of the Lamb these things should come forth m the own due time of the Lord unto the Gentiles and among them shall be written my gospel, my rock and mv salvation, saith the Lamb."

We see very plainly from the foregoing quotations that the

Lord has never intended that all of his covenant people that dwell upon this continent should perish at the hands of the Gentiles who should come among them to scatter and smite them.

And we also see very plainly that the scattering and smiting of the remnant of the seed of Lehi, was not the only mission that the

Gentiles had in coming to the land, but that they were to receive the fulness of the true gospel of Jesus Christ, and that one of their grand missions was to carry that grand and glorious gospel to the remnant of the seed of Lehi and Nephi who dwell upon this land and who are a covenant people of the Lord's.

The glorious restoration of the gospel through the prophet

Joseph Smith, in the year 1830, fulfils in every detail the prophecies uttered in regard to the restoration of the gospel to the Gintiles. The gospel in all its fulness and purity, with all the powers

and gifts, and blessings that have ever pertained to it in any age of the world, has again been restored to man through the instrumentality of that youthful, though mighty, prophet. And the

book spoken of, that should be written by the descendants of

Nephi, and that should contain the fulness of the everlasting gospel of the Lamb, has been restored unto this prophet, by a mighty prophet from the race that wrote it, even the Prophet Moroni, the last one to write in it, and who sealed it up and hid it away until the time of the Lord should come that it should come forth as a new witness for God in the world, containing his gospel, his rock, and his salvation; bringing again and delivering to the world

those precious things once possessed by it, but held back by the great and abominable church, the whore of the whole earth, under whose curse the world has been weighed down and held back for centuries; a divinelyinspired history of peoples, long since dead

and forgotten, of whom no other history exists; peoples whose

civilization and culture, evidenced by the majestic ruins of their mighty cities left standing till this dav, were as great as those of ancient Egypt, and very little short, if at all, of our boasted civilization and culture of today: a key to the mystery of the origin of

the American Indian, a question that has baffled the learning and science of our day: a book that contains within its sacred covers,

hope, and great promises of restoration to that same Indian race, low as thev have been brought by their Gentile oppressors. Thanks

be to God for its restoration and for its translation by the boy prophet, through the divine inspiration of the Holy Ghost. It is

now accessible to the whole world, and is read and treasured by hundreds of thousands. The gospel in all its purity has been

798 IMPROVEMENT ERA

preached for the past eightytwo years among many of the Gentile nations of the world, and the Church has grown from its small beginning of six members, in the year 1830, till it numbers today near half a million souls, and at the present time thousands are joining yearly in the foreign missions maintained among the nations of the Gentiles.

XIV—Time of Redemption of the Lamanites

But from the foregoing it will be seen that the Lord has promised to do a work of restoration among his covenant people who are of the house of Israel, and that he will not leave them forever in their state of oppression and in their scattered condition, but that he will restore to them the truth and restore them to the land of their inheritance. And he has made it very plain through

his prophets that the gospel, and their restoration through it, is to come unto them from the Gentiles, who would accept his gospel as restored among them in the latter days.

The Lord has not left us in the dark as to when this work of restoration was to begin among the house of Israel, and, as this article is dealing more particularly with that branch of the covenant people of the Lord's that dwells upon this continent, I wish to quote a few passages, contained in the Book of Mormon, that will give us to know when the Lord intended that his people should begin to be redeemed from their fallen condition.

The words of Christ, himself, spoken to the Nephites at the time when he appeared and established his Church among them, as recorded in III Nephi 21, are as follows:

"And, verily, I say unto you, I give unto you a sign, that ye may know the time when these things shall be brought to take place, that

I shall gather in from their long dispersion, my people, O house of

Israel, and shall establish again among them my Zion.

"And benold, this is the thing which I will give unto you for a sign, for verily I say unto you, that when these things which I declare unto you, and which I shall declare unto you hereafter of myself, and by the power of the Holy Ghost, which shall be given unto you of the

Father, shall be made known unto the Gentiles, that they may know concerning this people who are a remnant of the house of Jacob, and concerning this my people who shall be scattered by them.

"Verily, verily, I say unto you, when these things shall be made known unto them of the Father, and shall come forth of the Father, from them unto you;

"For it is wisdom in the Father that they should be established in this land, and be set up as a free people by the power of the Father, that these things might come forth from them unto a remnant of your seed, that the covenant of the Father may be fulfilled which he hath covenanted with his people, O house of Israel;

THE GOSPEL TO THE LAMANITES 799

"Therefore, when these works, and the works which shall be wrought among you hereafter, shall come forth from the Gentiles, unto your seed, which shall dwindle in unbelief because of iniquity;

"For thus it behooveth the Father that it should come forth from the Gentiles, that he may show forth his power unto the Gentiles, for this cause, that the Gentiles, if they will not harden their hearts, that they may repent and come unto me, and be baptized in my name, and know of the true points of my doctrine, that they may be numbered among my people, O house of Israel;

"And when these things shall come to pass, that thy seed shall begin to know these things, it shall be a sign unto them, that they may know that the work of the Father hath already commenced unto the fulfilling of the covenant which he hath made unto the people who are of the house of Israel.

"And when that day shall come, it shall come to pass that kings shall shut their mouths; for that which had not been told them shall

they see; and that which they had not heard shall they consider.

"For in that day, for my sake shall the Father work a work, which shall be a great and marvelous work among them;"* * *

"And then shall the work of the Father commence at that day, even when this gospel shall be preached among the remnant of this people. Verily I say unto you, at that day shall the work of the

Father commence among all the dispersed of my people; yea, even

the tribes which have been lost, which the Father hath led away out of Jerusalem.

"Yea, the work shall commence among all the dispersed of my people, with the Father, to prepare the way whereby they may come unto me, that they may call on the Father in my name;

"Yea, and then shall the work commence, with the Father, among all nations, in preparing the way whereby his people may be gathered home to the land of their inheritance.

"And they shall go out from all nations; and they shall not go out

in haste, nor go by flight, for I will go before them, saith the Father, and I will be their rearward."

Again, in III Nephi 16, Christ speaks to the Nephites thus

"But wo, saith the Father, unto the unbelieving of the Gentiles, for notwithtsanding they have come forth upon the face of this land, and have scattered my people, who are of the house of Israel; and my

people who are of the house of Israel, have been cast out from among

'them, and have been trodden under foot by them;

"And because of the mercies of the Father unto the Gentiles, and also the judgments of the Father upon my people, who are of the house of Israel, verily, verily, I say unto you, that after all this, and I have caused my people who are of the house of Israel, to be smitten, and to be afflicted, and to be slain, and to be cast out from among 800 IMPROVEMENT ERA

them, and to become hated by them, and to become a hiss and a byword among them.

"And thus commandeth the Father that I should say unto you at that day when the Gentiles shall sin against my gospel, and shall be lifted up in the pride of their hearts above all nations, and above all the people of the whole earth, and shall be filled with all manner of lyings, and of deceits, and of mischiefs, and all manner of hypocrisy, and murders, and priestcrafts, and whoredoms, and of secret abominations; and if they shall do all these things, and shall reject the fulness of my gospel, behold, saith the Father, I will bring the fulness of

my gospel from among them;

"And I will remember my covenant which I have made unto my people, O house of Israel, and I will bring my gospel unto them;

"And I will show thee, O house of Israel, that the Gentiles shall not have power over you, but I will remember my covenant unto you,

O house of Israel, and ye shall come unto the knowledge of the fulness of my gospel."

A careful comparison of the foregoing scripture with the prophecies that have been fulfiled in our day, and the conditions that surround us, will show us that all of the conditions that the

Lord said should come to pass before the house of Israel was to begin to be redeemed have come to pass.

The Gentiles have been brought to this land of America by the power of the Lord, and they have been set up a free and powerful people, yea, even more powerful than any people upon the face of the whole earth. They have smitten the Lamanites, trodden

them down, and destroyed them, until the Lamanites now only number onetenth of what they did at the coming of the Gentiles.

The gospel, in all its purity, and with all its gifts and powers and blessings and privileges, has been restored unto them, and the

Book of Mormon, with its history of a branch of the house of

Israel, and containing the fulness of the everlasting gospel, has been restored and translated by the power of the Lord among them, and hundreds of thousands of people now profess a belief in the book and in the principles of the gospel as restored.

XV—The Work Barely Begun

As early as September, 1830, the same year in which the

Church was organized, a revelation was given to Oliver Cowdery, through the Prophet Joseph Smith, commanding that the gospel be carried to the Lamanites and that the Church among them be established.

Three others of the first elders of the Church were also called by revelation to assist him in this great work; they were

Parley P. Pratt, Peter Whitmer, Jr., and Ziba Peterson; and, in

THE GOSPEL TO THE LAMANITES 801

fulfilment of the call, the gospel was carried to the Indian tribes then living west of the Missouri river, and from that day to the present the gospel has been taught and maintained among some of the branches of that people (the Indians or Lamanites). Thousands of them now rejoice in the knowledge of the true gospel,

and in the knowledge that they are of the house of Israel, so it would seem that the sign that was to mark the time when the

Father was to begin his work among his people for their redemption has been fulfilled. It was the Savior who spoke of the matter

thus "And when these things shall come to pass, that thy seed [the seed of the Nephites and the Lamanites, to whom he was speaking] shall begin to know these things [of what lineage they are and the fulness of the true gospel] it shall be a sign unto them, that they may know that the work of the Father hath already commenced unto the fulfiling of the covenant which he hath made unto the people who are of the house of Israel."

But truly the work of the Father, unto the fulfiling of the covenant which he has made unto his people, has only commenced, for there are yet millions of the descendants of the seed of Nephi and

Laman living in this blessed land of America ( including North and South America) that do not know that the true gospel is in existence; that have never heard of an apostasy or a restoration

that have never heard an elder preach the truth, and have never had in their hands a book or a tract that taught it, as restored to earth from heaven in our day.

["Upon whom rests the responsibility of carrying the gospel to the Lamanites?"will be considered in the next chapter.]

Nevada.

Sagebrush wastes and mountains grand.

Lakes of hard or shifting sand,

Dreariness on every hand, That was old Nevada.

Industry now claims a share.

Plenty gives, and lightens care,

Desert is not everywhere, Even in Nevada.

Hills that yield the precious gain,

Mellow fields of waving grain,

Pastures green where wastes have lain,

In the new Nevada. J. H. Anderson.

Little Problems of Married Life

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN

XXI—Holding Monotony at Bay

Monotony is the malaria of matrimony. It poisons the home atmosphere, gradually exhausts the lifegiving oxygen of love and

comradeship and leaves one stifling in an air of discontent, protest, and rebellion. It means dull, deadly depression of spirits, a

general tired feeling regarding life, weakening hope and will, loss of appetite for the trifles of everyday living, a listless, languid indifference, a nervous irritability difficult to control. It

takes all the brightness and vividness from the color scheme of life and thought and leaves them a cold, dismal gray. This

monotony saps the vitality of mental, moral and physical resistance to trivial cares and worries that assume portentious proportions like figures blurred into bigness by a fog. It needs the fresh

tonic ozone of change, the vitalizing sunlight of a new interest, the windows of life opened wide for freer air and a broader outlook.

Monotony in married life is an insidious evil. It is hard to

cure but easy to prevent. Husband and wife should realize that

it rests solely with them; the conditions are absolutely within

their control when acting in unity and harmony; either can do

much, neither can do all. They can create an atmosphere of

comradeship, cheerfulness, and courage that defies monotony. It

takes so little to hold it at bay, in the beginning; it takes so much

to kill it, in the end. It is easier to dodge a few snowflakes than

the wild fury of the storm at its worst.

The secret of monotony is overabsorption of the head or the hands where the heart is not in it. It is the overfeeding of one

side of life at the expense of the other; it is the prostrating effect

of unbroken sameness in an environment. When the daily drudgery is unillumined by the conscious joy of consecration, when

through brooding and selfsympathy we translate it into a treadmill of routine, then monotony holds us captive. It is what we

put into life that makes it great; it is what it takes out of us that

makes it mean, miserable, and monotonous.

The wife, in her devotion to her home, may place a false estimate on trifles. She may become housebound; never crossing the threshold except when absolutely necessary; she may un-

*Copyright, 1910, by Fleming H. Revell Company.

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE 803

consciously convert her home into a prison and submerge the wife in the housekeeper. The unending repetition of the same duties,

this continuous performance without change or intermission, begins to chafe and fret and weary her; it seems like the regular

tramp of a vast army on the march, continually passing but never passed. The deadly routine begins to wear on her nerves, like

the irritating, insistent tick of a clock in a sickroom. The narrow

horizon of her living depresses her spirits; she grows faultfind-

ing, dissatisfied, helpless and hopeless. The salt of life has lost

its savor.

She must lessen. the tension some way, drop the whole outfit

occasionally, forget she is a machine and remember she is a human being, and get out for a change of thought and experience.

Let her turn her steps to the green pastures of rest and restoration, take a walk or a drive, hear a little music or see a play, make a visit or entertain a caller, go shopping, that does not require money, for it is only buying that costs, read some book even though it is only "one of the best that will sellers"—anything

freshen the mind, quicken the blood, gladden the heart, or put a new edge on life.

Some people do take duty a bit too seriously. It is delightful

occasionally to turn your back deliberately and impolitely on a duty for a while, to give saintship a little vacation, for the duty does welcome you so when you return, and it does not seem half so hard. Much of our loyalty to duty is simply disloyalty to

higher duties, and when we are dulled by monotony, we do not differentiate clearly between them. There are honest, earnest,

good women who, like Martha of old, are "cumbered with much serving."They let the house eclipse the home, creature comfort

overshadow heart comfort; they make themselves unfit companions for themselves, much less, for their husbands. They

should cultivate the courage to let go; they should realize that

monotony is never a bargain, never worth what they pay for it.

There are other wives who have no cares nor responsibility, no tax on time or energy, no money worries; burdens of housekeeping are reduced to a minimum by the help of efficient servants; the children are away at school. These wives, too, often

face monotony. It is not the monotony of work, but of leisure.

It means time that must be lived through, somehow, hours of idleness, loneliness, moodiness, with no deep compelling interest to consecrate them to highest usefulness. Sometimes social duties

may prove as exacting as real labor, and in the monotony of parties, receptions, balls, calls, driving, musicales and dinners, husband and wife may really enjoy a quiet evening at home where thev mav become acquainted again.

In the absorption of making money for the support of home and family a husband may lose"the true perspective of life. He

804 'IMPROVEMENT ERA

may become unduly anxious for more money; he may key his

desires too high; he may be sacrificing too much of his real self

in acquiring wealth. In overabsorption in providing all that

money can buy he may forget the greater things that mere money cannot buy, forget that mere material things do not bring real happiness. If he goes home tired, physically, mentally and morally, and is preoccupied and silent or irritable and faultfinding,

he is drifting towards the rocks of matrimonial monotony. He is

sinking the husband in the treasurer, the lover and companion in the business man. He should lighten the pressure if it be possible; if not he must make a mighty effort to neutralize its effects

rather than intensify them, to disinfect his mood with cheerfulness.

The failure of many marriages is not any great positive wrong or even a series of lesser wrongs, but just lapsing into the omission of words and acts of love, comradeship, thoughtfulness, confidence and interest that mean the joy of life; it is surrender to monotony that may at last bring revolt and a break for

freedom. And two who have loved may just grow tired of each

toother, hardly knowing why or when or how—and both may be

blame.

Monotony means surrender to an environment, not conquest cf it. Man is the only animal that can consciously change from

within, change manners, thoughts, impulses, desires, dreams, ideals. Man is the only animal that can consciously modify his

environment, by deliberate choice move to an entirelv different one, transform an old or create a new environment. All the other

animals are derelicts carried along by currents of instinct, habits, hungers and environment; man can head his craft towards any

harbor despite the currents. If husband and wife determine to

keep the ship of matrimony out in the free open sea far from the shoals of monotony and hidden reefs of discord, it depends solely on their navigation, not on winds, tides or outside forces.

The blight of monotony is not solely one of wealth or of poverty. The less the income and the more restricted the life the less

is required to do something that will break the spell of monotony, that will bring a change, a new impulse, a new impetus, a new inspiration. A dinner away from home, an evening at the theatre,

a long ride or a sail, a day at the beach, a walk in the country, a visit or a guest, some new books, mav be the trifle that mav break the deadlv dullness of uniformity. The two must realize that the

monotonv is in them rather than in conditions, but changing: the

con.ditJrns or the thought of changing them often has a tonic reaction. Tt is at start. It is the conscious conquest of enleast—a

vironment.

Business men realize the effect of cleanliness, comfort, convenience and change in making a store more attractive to cusLITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE 805

tomers. They vary the display in the shopwindows, they decorate in harmony with the seasons, they rearrange departments,

they continuously seek to banish monotony. This philosophy of

change might well be introduced in many homes where the same articles of furniture stand in the same places for years as if they were built into the walls. Rearranging the furnishings, changing

the position of the pictures, packing out of sight the surplus of ornaments and bric-a-brac that make rooms look like museums, and bringing them out later and retiring the old ones, may freshen and brighten a home and give a new life and inspiration. Flowers in a room, a windowbox of green growing things or a touch

of color somewhere work wonders in a simple way.

There is a tendency on the part of many married people to surrender to their moods, not to bother about making themselves agreeable to each other. There are times when a guest comes to

the home and the husband may be surprised to see how entertaining his wife can be; he hears her tell stories and incidents that

are new to him, that amuse and brighten the atmosphere. He

may narrate entertaining episodes of his business life, talk interestingly of new inventions, new discoveries, city improvements, national men and measures, facts and fancies from his reading, observation and experience, and she may look across the table in a pleased wonder and try to keep back the expression of her rebellious protest that with her alone he usually surpasses the oyster in silence, except on the old subjects now talked to tatters.

; it can be held at bay in Monotony comes from many causes

many ways. The courtship method helps by keeping the two from

settling down into a matterof-fact, humdrum existence, by hallowing trifles, by banishing a sense of duty and putting the spontaneity of love in its stead. Comradeship helps, too; it puts both

on a basis of consecrated friendship, willing to take uncomplainingly together the rough or the smooth, the lights or the shadows, the deeps or the shallows of living, just as equals, with no awe, no oppressive dignity, no fear, but with freedom, frankness, full respect and confidence that smiles away sorrow and suspicion.

Humor helps; it livens trifles, takes the sting out of little troubles and miseries. When the servant leaves at four minutes'notice, there need not be grumbling, and protest, and fretting. What

if the meals are not up to par or the house not manicured and is no need forgiven a heavy polish, for a day or two? There

worry, the world is not yet come to an end. If taken in the right

spirit it may be a picnic time for both. Children have the advantage of us older folks; they know how to pretend and to play

things are different from what they are.

it brings this spirit, sometimes, keeps us young; A little of

; it crowds out the oppressiveness of theimaoination to the rescue

serious side of things when tears may be just trembling near the 806 IMPROVEMENT ERA

edge of the eyelids, like actors in the wings waiting their cue. An

honest laugh is worth a hundred sighs in any market. It does not

really make much difference if the humor seem a bit homemade and show signs of wear, if it please the two, who enjoy without criticizing, and carry a bubbling laugh from their lips to their living.

Reading aloud, music in the home, the romping play of the help to keep monotony at bay.children, the welcome guest—all

Looking out for the joynotes in the commonplaces, finding happiness like a fourleaf clover because we know just where to look for it, seeing reason for thankfulness in what we have rather than regret in what we have not, singing and smiling at one's work, make monotony fade away like mist before the sun of the morning. Really loving one's home is the best way to make it worth

loving; having a pride in it will make it proud of us. Doing more

for each other intensifies love, for we love most those for whom we do most. Love grows and gains by giving.

Let us hold monotony at bay by utilizing to the full our trifles of possibility. If we cannot go to Europe or even take a

trip to the mountains or the sea, let us take a trolley ride or a walk; if we cannot do even these let us look out of the window

anything that breaks our overabsorption. If twoand smile—do

kill monotony in their hearts, they will kill it in their lives and other.they will be just glad and happy that they have—each

("The Tyranny of too Tight a Rein"will be the subject of the next article in this series.)

A correspondent sends to a Paris contemporary an amusing contest of wit which he recently heard in a railway carriage on a journey between Compiegne and Rove. There were several passengers. One

believed himself to possess a fund of humor which he intended to expend on a priest who got in at one of the intermediate stations. Bestowing a patronizing look on the clergyman, he said:

"Have you heard the news, Monsieur le cure?"

"No, my friend, I have not,"was the reply; "I have been out all

day, and have not had time to glance at the papers."

Then said the traveler: "It is something dreadful; the devil is

dead.""Indeed,"replied the ecclesiastic, without the smallest surprise or displeasure. Then, seeming deeply touched, he added: "Monsieur, I

have always taken the greatest interest in orphans. Will you accept

these two sous?"

The wit, we are told, retired as gracefully and as quickly as he was able. London Globe.

Booker T. Washington's Views of the

"Mormons"

The famous Booker T. Washington, who recently visited

Salt Lake City, has written an article for the New York Age, (April 17) the leading negro newspaper of the United States, in which he tells about his visit to Salt Lake City. Among other

things he declares that the "Mormons"have been misrepresented, and that the worst of the "Mormon"life is generally advertised.

We quote from his long and interesting account

"The 'Mormon'Church was first organized in New York state only eightythree years ago. From 150 (143) people, hardy pioneers,

who entered Utah sixtysix years ago, the number has grown year by year until in Utah there are now over 300,000 'Mormons,'and they have certainly made the desert blossom as the rose. I have never been

among a more healthy, clean, progressive set of people than these people are. All through Utah they have turned the desert into gardens

and orchards. Wherever one finds a 'Mormon'colony there he finds

the evidence of hard work and wealth. * * * From the first the

'Mormons'constantly and persistently pursued the policy of having their people get hold of land, to settle on the soil and become farmers.

The 'Mormon'leaders knew that if they once got possession of the soil and taught their people how to become successful farmers that they would be laying the foundation so secure that they could not be disturbed. * * * Like the negro, the 'Mormons,'I am sure, have

been misrepresented before the world. I have learned by experience and

observation that it is never safe to pass final judgment upon a people until one has had an opportunity to get into the real life of those people.

The negro is suffering today just as the 'Mormons'have suffered and are suffering, because the people from the outside have advertised the worst concerning 'Mormon'life, and they have seldom called attention to the best in connection with the life of the 'Mormons.'No person

outside a group of people can ever really know that race or that group of people until he gets into their homes, and gets a chance to observe their men, their women, and their children, and has a chance to partake of their hospitality and get into their inner life. There are many

people today who consider themselves wise on the condition of the negro who are really afraid to go into a negro home, who never go into a negro church or Sunday school, who have never met colored people in social circles, and hence such people know little about the

I moral standards and activities of the colored people. The same,

am convinced, is true regarding the 'Mormons.* The people who speak

808 "IMPROVEMENT ERA

in the most disrespectful terms of these people are those who kn least about them. I am convinced that the 'Mormons'are not an immoral people. No immoral people could have such strong, fine bodies

as these people, nor such vigorous, alert minds as they. It has been

my privilege to address schools and universities in nearly every part of America, and I say without hesitation that I have never addressed a school anywhere where the students were more alert, more responsive, more intelligent than is true of the students of these 'Mormon'colleges. I was hardly prepared for the overgenerous and rapturous

reception that was given me at the state university, the students of which, for the most part, are 'Mormons,'and I had the same experience in addressing the private schools and other institutions conducted by 'Mormons.'* * * These 'Mormons'have firstclass schools,

and they are pushing the matter of technical and industrial education to a stronger degree than we are in the South. * * *. The 'Mormons'have recently begun a systematic effort to give their people

training in gymnastics, with a view to strengthening their bodies. I

think it will interest my readers to know that there are colored 'Mormons'in Utah. I met several of these. Many of them came here in

the old days. In fact, Brigham Young brought colored people with

him to this country, and they or their descendants have remained.

* * * I met one colored man who came out here in the early days.

He is now eightytwo years of age. He is a staunch 'Mormon.'He

came here from Mississippi."

My Morning Hymn.

Not some, nor little good, O Lord,

Help me to do this day.

But to the utmost test of strength

Assist my feeble way.

Not one nor two good words, kind Friend,

Persuade my tongue to speak, But flood my soul with copious thought,

For I am very weak.

Not one good deed, but many, Lord,

Permit my hands to do.

Crowd every hour with noble toil.

And effort fine and true.

Not one, but many steps I'd take,

Fast holding to Thy rod, That my swift feet may hurrying find

Their upward way to God.

Susa Young Gates.

Customs and Legends of Utah Indians

BY ENOCH JORGENSEN, PRINCIPAL JORDAN HIGH SCHOOL

/// Superstitions and Legends

Utah Indians had rather indefinite views regarding preex- istence, but all believe in "life after death."The Shoshones say

that they come from the gray wolf, and all things in their country belong to him, and when they die their spirits go back to the happy hunting grounds presided over by him. For this reason

they don't kill the wolf: but they despise the coyote and his ilk,

and about the most uncomplimentary epithet one can hurl at another is to call him a "coyote."Special festivals were arranged

in honor of the gray wolf, and calamities were often attributed to the fact that some member of the tribe had offended him.

When a prominent brave died his friends would kill his horse his dog, and in some instances his squaw and his servants, and these with his bow or gun and other equipment were buried with him to accompany him to the happy hunting grounds. But the

custom of killing squaw and slaves was not so common in the

West as it was with some tribes east of the Rockies; still it was

not uncommon for the squaw to take her own life when her brave died, particularly if they had no dependent children. I recall the

finding of the remains of an Indian under a ledge of rock in

New Canyon, east of Ephraim, and with them was a broken gun, part of an old army saddle, bow, arrows, remains of a Navajo blanket, and some other things.

But the local Amerind believed in spirit existence, and in the spirit's relation to the "Great Spirit,"and that conditions in the future life depend on the activities in this life.

THE HAUNTED SPRING

"On Henry's Fork of the Sweetwater, in Wyoming, about thirty miles from Fort Bridger,"says Father Terry, "is a famous spring, which is revered, yet feared, by the red man. The legend

says: At one time, while the Shoshones were camping there, a

strange white man came to their village and preached to them. He

eluded them for making war on other tribes, and advised them about many things. Then he went away, refusing to eat with

them."(Refusal to eat with your host was usually regarded as

it inspired a grievous insult, but in this instance, Terry says,

810 IMPROVEMENT ERA

them with fear.) "They tracked him in the newfallen snow, his

tracks getting farther apart at every stride until they vanished.

They say he flew away, and they never dare go near the spot since, as they say the place is haunted

tooele john's vision "John, chief of the Tooeles, who lived west and south of

Great Salt Lake, says that at one time when his people were hungry and he was praying to the Great Spirit for them, two white men came into his tepee and told him to leave that country

Photo by C W. Carter

FORT BRIDGER IN 1866 and go to a place they would show him, a place where there was plenty of grass and game, and where some day a great city should be built. He says they marked out on the sand of the tepee floor

the roads he should take to get there, and the places to camp then he says the walls of the tepee were gone, and he could see the whole country to pass through, and a panorama of the place in which they were to settle, on the Malad river in Idaho. He

followed their instructions and led his people there where they live to this day. Chief John says he saw it all in vision as plain as

the day he told me the story."

WAS IT THE LIAHONA

"Tooele John says that at another time when he was puzzled about what to do, the Great Spirit brought him an instrument like a watch, and told him to follow its directions. He and his wife

CUSTOMS AND LEGENDS OE UTAH INDIANS 811

were riding along when a voice spoke to him and told him to look ahead near the side of the trail; there lay the instrument on

the ground. He ordered his wife to get off her horse and pick up

the instrument. He examined it carefully and then gave it to his

wife to take care of. She placed it carefully in her saddle bag,

but when they made camp at night it was gone. John declares

the Lord took it again because he, John, trusted so important a thing to a woman."

"No, he didn't see the Lord, but he knew the Lord was there, and John heard the voice. Chief John related this story to me

while we were camping in Box Elder canyon, and I am convinced he was telling the truth as he knew it, for he was never more earnest in his life in my extensive converse with him."Father

Terry.

LEGENDS

The Shoshones say that Teton Lake once was alive with large animals like the seaotter, only they were very large, in some cases being as large as a horse, and they would break up the ice in the spring with a great roaring sound. Similar noises were

heard in Bull Lake, Wyoming, only here they were attributed to monsters like the buffalo.

Stories are told of great monsters in Utah Lake, and in Fish

Lake. It is said that a young chieftain was once challenged to

swim across Fish Lake at Twin Creeks to prove his valor and title, and to win the hand of a fair maiden; but as he neared the

shore a great seaserpent swallowed him. For this reason Indians

never bathe in Fish Lake, nor could I ever induce one to go with me in a boat on its waters; however, they would paddle around

on Mud Lake and on Jorgensen Lake, since these were less closely connected with the main body of water.

Many stories are told of great serpents in Utah Lake—told

even by some of the early white settlers, and of the noises made by the monsters, especially in winter. These noises certainly are

hideous enough to originate almost any weird tale. I have heard

similar sounds at Fish Lake when the ice was cracking or the air escaping from one of the "manholes"in the ice.

Legend says the Teton peaks were formerly a mile higher than they now are, but the Great Spirit was angry with the Shoshones, so he made the earth shiver and the mountains sank. Similar tales are told of Chimney Rock on the Platte, and of other

marks. Father Terry says he positively remembers when Chimney

last he saw it.Rock was 20 to 30 feet higher than it was when

Weathering caused parts of it to topple over.

("The Walker and Black Hawk Wars"will be discussed in the next chapter.)

The Physical Square Deal and the Cigarette

Habit Among Boys*

BY SUPERINTENDENT SAMUEL HAMILTON, OF ALLEGHENY

COUNTY, PA.

The doctrine of "the square deal"has come down to us from the remote past. In the Sermon on the Mount, that marvelous

epitome of Christian ethics, Christ said: "Whatsoever ye would

that men should do to you, do you even so to them; for this is

the law and the prophets."The fact that he calls it the "law and

the prophets"indicates that it is not a new doctrine to be promulgated, but rather an old principle to be emphasized.

But while the Golden Rule is hoary with age, its expression in the form of "the square deal"belongs to the present. * * *

The "square deal"expresses a universal principle. It belongs to

every age, every land, every people; it applies to every business,

every calling, every profession. It is so general in its application

to all human relationships that it is the cornerstone of every system of ethics, and yet men must be on their guard constantly, lest it be forgotten and "sink into a state of innocuous desuetude."

This morning, however, it is our purpose to consider it not in its universal sense, but only in reference to some of its physical and subjective aspects.

Every young man should give his body a square deal. It is

wonderful in design, marvelous in construction, amazing in the range of its adaptions, and surpasses every manmade product as the infinite surpasses the finite. Every young man is given but

one body; with care, attention and development it will serve him

faithfully and efficiently. But if abused it will fail to perform its

functions, and pain, disease and death will follow in quick succession.

The care of the body through the physical square deal has been important in all ages. To the Hebrews "length of days"

was more desirable than riches and honor. And the persistence

of that people through five thousand years of history is a great argument in favor of the physical square deal. The ancient Greeks

emphasized beauty and physical perfection. Their ideal was

Apollo, a young man, clean, strong, manly, muscular—symmet-

*An address delivered before the Pennsylvania High School, and printed in the Era through the courtesy of the author and State Superintedent of Public Instruction, A. C. Nelson.

THE PHYSICAL SQUARE DEAL 813

rical in form and beautiful in body. And their system of education, called into existence by that ideal, placed special emphasis

upon the care, the development and training of the body. Ancient

warfare was in the main a physical combat. It called for courage,

strength, and physical endurance. This made physical superiority

a national necessity to every people that desired military prowess.

Today war is more a matter of brains, guns, and warengines, and the national interest centers in them. But man must continue

to be a "good animal"and the care of the body is just as important to the State and the individual as at any time in the past.

This physical square deal includes attention, care, nourishing food, healthful exercise, plenty of sleep, abundant bathing, pure air and clean living. These are the great bodybuilders, and upon

them mainly the young man must rely who would get from his body the highest and best service.

Last July, Alma W. Richards won the running high jump

in the Olympic games in Sweden. He met and defeated the best

athletes the world could send against him. Fifteen years ago he

was a frail, puny invalid, imperfectly developed, and with a small, delicate body. He was so feeble that his parents sent him

to the country to find health and strength. Yet the square deal

for that body, through the great bodybuilders just enumerated, transformed that puny invalid into the worldrenowned athlete with a body as lithe as that of a tiger, with limbs as clean as those of a greyhound, and with muscles as tough as rawhide.

But no boy who is a victim of the cigarette habit gives his body a "square deal."This foul habit is spreading with a rapidity

that is astonishing. It is one of the popular fads among highschool boys, and the strong briar pipe, with its air of sporty suggestiveness and crackbrained snobbishness, "is running the cigarette a close race for second place"as Dr. McKeever suggests.

Everywhere one meets the sallow faces, the sore eyes, the insipid expressions, the trembling fingers, and the foul breath of the cigarettemade mollycoddle.

The boys below the high school are forming this disgusting habit. In many places they may be seen in groups passing a

cigarette from mouth to mouth in a spirit of common ownership and very common participation. I would not offer insult

to the ladies of a Pennsylvania high school by assuming that they smoke. Nevertheless, women who call themselves ladies may be

seen daily in some of the large cities smoking cigarettes. A cigarette battle royal is in progress in the wealthy society circles of

the national capital. Smoking by women has been opposed by

it. But the habitsome ladies who are leading a crusade against

has its defenders, and one rich, aristocratic leader of society openly puffs her cigarette as she rides from place to place in her automobile. This society lady is so incapacitated mentally that she

814 IMPROVEMENT ERA

can offer no argument in favor of smoking, but when perfectly sober, at luncheons and society functions, she persists in smoking and in offering her jeweled cigarette case to hercompanions. A

very short time ago a noted Philadelphia divine denounced from the pulpit a society function given at a fashinable hotel in that city, at which the females smoked cigarettes.

There are several strong indictments that may be framed against the cigarettehabit among boys. These indictments may

be presented, but there is little time for their discussion. It is

useless to moralize on this theme, but a few facts may arouse thought and result in good 1. It is useless and unnecessary. It gives no valuable return

physically, mentally or morally; it adds nothing to one's health,

happiness, honor, rank or character. If it seemingly soothes the

nerves temporarily, the reaction that follows shows that the rest was not really restful and the pleasure was spurious and unreal.

Barring the liquor habit, there is no other habit so useless, unnecessary and unprofitable.

2. The cigarette habit in the opinion of many is a filthy habit,

not in the ordinary sense, but filthy in the extreme. The smoke

is foul and nauseating, offensive to the eyes, the throat and the nose. The fumes may not be germladen, but they are often

exhaled from diseased lungs, and forced out through nasal tubes that are as foul and unsanitary as a sewer. Society demands that

every other noxious nuisance shall be abated, and yet it tolerates this filthy habit. If a young man will deliberately make himself

objectionable to his companions, and repulsive in person to his associates by this vile habit, he should be segregated from the other pupils. They deserve a square deal. And is there arty valid reason

why he should be permitted to bombard the innocent olfactories of his companions with poisoned arrows.

The only protection for them, from his foulsmelling, devitalized personality, is sergregation, fumigation, deodorization

'or sanitation. Use chloride of lime, formaldehyde, sulphur dioxide

or any other disinfectant or antiseptic that will protect society from the unspeakable filth of the habit.

3. The cigarette habit is an expensive one. Whole cargoes

of evidence could be brought in to prove the truth of this statement. The report of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shows

that 11,221,624,184 cigarettes were sold in the United States in the fiscal year ending June 30, 1912, an increase of 2,000,000,000 over the previous year. This year the sale will reach 15,000,000,000.

This is an average of 165 for every man. woman, and child in the

nation, and many of them are smoked by halfeducated high school boys. These cigarettes represent a large sum of money,

and in many cases the people can ill afford the expensive luxury.

To see a poor, frail mother, or even a father, toiling and

THE PHYSICAL SQUARE DEAL 815

sweating to support and educate a family while the son of sixteen in the high school is smoking cigarettes, is a sight sufficient to arouse the ire of an angel. Such a boy does not give his parents

a square deal. He is deficient in gratitude and manliness, and is

the nearest approach to the missing link between a monkey and a man that science has yet found. Ten years hence such a young

man is likely to be a physical degenerate, a mental bankrupt, a civic liability, a life without a purpose, a tool without temper or edge and a moral grindstone without grit.

Economists are everywhere studying the high cost of living, but the cost of high living as indicated by the smoke bill and the drink bill of the nation, is more alarming. Last year we

spent $2,200,000,000 for drink, and about $1,200,000,000 for tobacco and cigarettes. This would pay the rent annually for every

nonhome owner in the nation. It would raise the average wages

of every workingman from $480 to $700. In 1906 we spent $3.67

per capita for education, $9.49 for tobacco, and $19.10 for drink.

And it is surprising beyond all expectation that in these days of the high cost of living the cigar store and the saloon should cost the nation eight times as much as the school and the college.

This is the day of congested wealth. Oneeight of the people

own seveneights of the wealth; one per cent of the people own

fiftyfour per cent of the wealth, and fifty per cent of the people own nothing. A bitter battle for bread is now raging in this

country, and it will be more bitter in the near future. The population of the nation increases anually at the rate of 2,000,000. Nearly all of the available foodproducing land is now under cultivation. In the opinion of many noted agrarian students ths bread

problem is the great problem of the race. James J. Hill, that

astute business man, points out that if our lines of food consumption continue to approach those of food production, as in the past, in a few vears the great exporting grain elevators of the nation will stand empty, the last ship carrying food stuffs will have left our shores, and we will be compelled to send our agents into foreign markets to buy foods.

But there is a more hopeful view. Many thoughtful students

think we are on the verge of a great agricultural renaissance. Already hundreds of the abandoned farms of New England have

been reclaimed. Farm units in this country will become smaller

and farming more intensive, scientific and productive. Systematic

drainage will greatly increase the foodproducing lands of the

South. Sixtenths of all the land areas of the globe are arid or

semiarid, receiving less than 20 inches of rainfall annually and at present are, therefore, unproductive. In the West there are

millions of acres of this arid land that may be made productive through dryfarming and irrigation. But regardless of this, foods

are exceedingly expensive, and are likely to remain so as the 816 IMPROVEMENT ERA

population increases. And yet we spend millions for cigarettes

that turn bright, brainy boys into dullminded students and dullminded men. There are enough misfits, incompetents and "no

accounts"in every community, without spending large sums annually to develop them.

4. The cigarette habit among boys is offensive to many persons. They regard it as a public nuisance, interfering with the

rights of others. This may not be your opinion or mine; but it is

the argument of many nonsmokers, so many that it deserves consideration, and they deserve a square deal. Every man, they say,

has a right to all the pure, uncontaminated, ozoneladen air he can breathe. That is his Godgiven prerogative. No member of society has any right to limit the supply, neither should he be permitted to poison it. The man who pollutes your supply of fresh

water, commits a crime punishable by law, and yet the same may pollute your supply of air with filth, and poison it with nicotine.

By this act he tends to injure both himself and his neighbor. We

abate the garbage nuisance, the sewer nuisance, the foul water nuisance; we kill the mad dog, dehorn the savage bull and lock up

the dangerous criminal. And some day, the objectors argue, when

society gets its second sight and cuts its wisdom teeth, it will abate forever the cigarette nuisance that permits one individual to trespass upon the rights of another.

This is the point of view of many nonsmokers, and it is well for us "to see ourselves as others see us."Kansas has responded

to this argument. To protect society against the cigaretteboy-

nuisance, as well as to protect the boy against the habit, that state has passed a law forbidding the use of tobacco in any form by minors. In the interest of the young men of our state, I wish that

Pennsylvania might pass such a law.

5. One of the most serious indictments against the cigarette

habit among boys is that it bars the way to scholarship. The

cigarettesmoking student at sixteen seldom becomes a scholar.

He lacks the application, the persistent, tenacious effort that is the price of all scholastic attainment. His intentions are good, but

after smoking a cigarette, the purpose of studv becomes vague and shadowy; the mind, dull and dreamy; the will, weak and flabby;

and the lesson, which before seemed important and necessary, now appears trivial and worthless. He is not a student, and therefore

cannot become a scholar. All he can hope to be is a dullminded,

densebrained plodder. A student's mind will after a while function along scholastic lines more or less rapidly and accurately.

Not so with the mind of the cigarettesmoking boy. He slowly

sucks in the poison that paralyzes his own mental development and sets the limits beyond which it cannot go. And how sad it is that

many a bright boy who might become a scholar, and possibly add to the sum total of human knowledge by enlarging the circle of

THE PHYSICAL SQUARE DEAL 817

the known,—how sad that such a boy will sometimes sentence

himself to be a stupid bonehead for all time! He should give his

mind a square deal, and note that the records in some colleges show that no smoking student has taken first rank in the past thirty years.

Scientists assert that 38 per cent of all pupils in the elementary schools are slow mentally. To them great scholarship is an

impossibility. Their dullness is due to malnutrition, to heredity,

to disease, to physical ailments and to a nonstimulating mental environment. Very few, if any, of this class ever enter the high

school. But the great cause of dullness and stupidity among boys

in the high school is the cigarette. It suppresses mental action, lulls

into mental slumber, dulls the edge of comprehension, dissipates the mind's acquisitive power, and renders depth, breadth and accuracy of scholarship impossible.

6. This foul habit is an effective bar to the professional athletic field. Nicotine poison is the hated foe of physical superiority,

and no great athlete in any field dare trifle with it. For two

years a great ball pitcher with a national reputation failed to make a record because of this habit. A year ago he gave up the cigarette, and last season he recovered his old form, became a star

again, and the coming season will earn possible $20,000. No

physical director in this country will place a cigarettesmoking boy on any crack athletic team. He wants men with vigor and endurance; men with courage in their hearts, iron in their blood, and

with grit that will cut down the grindstones of opposition to the last point. Directors know that the only place in all athletics

for the milkfed, nicotinebleeched, devitalized mollycoddle is on the bleachers. There neither brains nor effort are necessary; only

mouth and lungs are required.

Last year 500 young men worked their way through Columbia College. This is a good recommendation for the school, but

a better one for the boys. These young men were not branbrained barnacles; not dudes or dullards; not butterflies or boobred, rich, sparkling blood.ies. They had blood in their veins,—real,

During the year they did more than sit on the bleachers of life and cheer for the men who did things. They got down from the

bleachers and into the game. They were better because of the

game, and the game was better because of the part they played in it. And I will venture the assertion that not one of these hustlife'slers was a cigarette fiend. Why? Such peanut players in

game never do things. They never give themselves a square

deal. 7. This pernicious habit acts also as a bar to employment.

The manager of a corporation with a capital of $7,000,000 recently anounced that he would not employ a boy who smoked cigarettes.

Many of the great corporations, the great mills and factories, and 818 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the great business houses will no longer employ the cigarettesmoking boy. They expect such a young man to be unreliable,

irresponsible, dull, inefficient, weak in willpower and with a strong tendency toward falsehood, dishonesty, and moral disintegration. The employers of labor want sharp eyes, alert ears,

bright minds, lithe muscles; men who are wideawake, responsible

and trustworthy. They do not expect the inert, saffronhued,

nicotinereinforced excuses of a boy to possess these qualities, and hence will not employ him.

8. But the physical and moral effects of cigarette smoking

among boys are the strongest indictments that may be framed against it. Nicotine poison paralyzes the nerve cells at the base

of the brain, perverts the sense of taste, saps the physical vitality, weakens the heart action, impoverishes the blood, degrades the tissues, predisposes the indigestion and functional diseases, overstimulates and subsequently exhausts the nervous system, induces arterial dgeneration, and paves the way to physical and moral degradation. What a catalogue of curses, that operate against

the moral and physical square deal! And yet they steal into a

young man's life so gradually and so insidiously that it requires an expert to detect them.

These charges are not mine; they are made upon the author-

; Dr. Simsitv of Dr. J. W. Seaver, formerly of Yale gymansium

Woodward, professor of Pathology in Cambridge University; Dr.

; Profes-J. Pierce Clark, a distinguished nervologist of New York

sor W. A. McKeever, of the Kansas State Agricultural College,

and other noted specialists.

With school boys the habit of using cigarettes goes hand in hand with idleness, truancy, falsehood, dishonesty, lack of mental concentration, lowgrade scholarship, and a spineless moral character. Young men, give yourselves a square deal; shun the cigarettes as you would a pestilence. For if we are to believe the

experts, it will bind you with chains that can not be broken, create nervous conditions that demand drink, cocaine, and other drugs, and load you with mental and moral infirmities that crush and kill and lead to disaster and defeat.

The newspapers report that in a recent murder trial in

Pottsville, Pa., Judge Brumm in charging the jury pointed out that

the defendant was a cigarettefiend, and that this fact must be duly considered. The judge did not refer to this as an excuse for

crime, but rather as a possible cause for it.

The evil effects of the pipe and cigar upon boys are only slightly less than those of the cigarette. They grow with the boy,

and lessen the efficiencv of the man. The editor of Good Health

savs that ninetenths of the rejected applicants for the army are refused on account of "tobacco heart."Investigation at the

Phipps Institute show that smokers are twice as susceptible to tuTHE PHYSICAL SQUARE DEAL 819

berculosis as nonsmokers. Couple with this statement the fact

that twenty persons in America die of tuberculosis every hour and you get a new view point of the subject. Thus tobacco, when

used by boys, does its deadly work. Nature sets many a human

clock to run 80 or 90 years, but the boy disregards the square deal, meddles with the machinery, disadjusts the escapement and dies of a "tobacco heart"at the age of 40 or 50 years.

The regulation of the sale of cigarettes to boys has generally proved ineffective. Human greed is stronger than prohibitory

laws. And a knowledge of the consequences, anticigarette

leagues, the creation of moral and social sentiment against the habit, and a law forbidding the use of tobacco in any form by minors are likely to be more effective in checking the progress of this evil.

It is difficult to know exactly what induces a boy to smoke his first cigarette; but like the formation of other habits there is

some particular motive that leads to the first act or effort. It

may be the desire to emulate his father's example or that of some other ideal character who smokes; it may be that innate desire

of boys to do whatnen do, and thus approach to the full stature of their manhood; or this first act may be due to a snobbish desire

to belong to some group of selfconsidered high school aristocrats who sport bulldog pipes and smoke cigarettes. The motive may

not be easily designated; but there is always a first act and back

of that act lies a motive or desire that leads to it. And safety

to the young man at this point lies in the intelligence that discerns the evil and in the strong will that suppresses this motive.

This cigarette habit like all habits grows by repetition and the rapidity of the growth is determined by three factors or conditions, age, regularity and frequency.

The factor of age is important in the growth of any habit.

The plasticity of youth is the springtime of habit. This plasticity

extends possibly to the age of twentyfive. The young man who

avoids profainty until that age will in all probability never be profane. At the age of twentyfive, character in most persons is

well crystallized and the young man who is up to that time free from low vulgarity, is likely to remain free. So the young man

who rejects the first cigarette until that age will in all probability never be a slave to the habit.

In the rapid growth of the cigarette habit, as in the growth of all habits, regularity is a more potent factor than frequency.

The boy who smokes three cigarettes daily will in due time be-; but the enslavement will take placecome a slave to the habit

in a much shorter period, if he smokes them at regular intervals, one for example after each meal. Regularity intensifies the effects

of frequency, and together they work through the period of plasticity. The young man at sixteen who smokes regularly and

820 IMPROVEMENT ERA

frequently and who keeps at it for a year or two is gone. Ere

long he will be bound by the chains of a slavery that is baser and more degrading than the former serfdom of the South. The one

was an external slavery enforced by a cruel master; the other is

an internal slavery enforced by self. The former was only physical, holding in crude bondage the bleeding body of the victims; the

other is both physical and moral. It enslaves the body through

a complete change in the physiological structure of the nervetissue. It enslaves the morals by weakening the will power that

must ever stand guard at the door of the soul, to refuse entrance to all that is low, vulgar, and degrading.

The young ladies of a community could render a great service in checking the progress of this moral cancer among boys. They

could crystallize social sentiment against it by shunning the presence and avoiding the companionship of the cigarettesmoker.

Would any cigarettesmoking young man respect a young lady if she were a victim of the habit? Would he be seen on the street,

at a picnic, or in the theater with a young lady smoking a pipe or cigarette? Social ostracism is a bitter medicine, and if young

ladies would administer it in the right way to the bleareyed victim with the foul breath and nauseating personality, if they would give themselves a square deal by helping to abolish a double standard of morality for the sexes, the withering curse that is rapidly debauching young American manhood would soon disappear.

Le me draw for you two pictures. Yonder is a boy of

sixteen acquiring the habit. He is clean, honest, manly, sincere.

As yet he is neither vicious nor repulsive; only an asinine highschool snob, sedulously sucking poison through the nicotine sewer

of a briar pipe, or through the slimy sluices of a paper tube, because it seems manly or aristocratic to do so.

Yonder is a man of twentyfive, a confirmed cigarette fiend.

Once he was clean and pure; now he is a battered derelict on

life's sea, tossed hither and thither by the waves of sense and sin, without a moral rudder to control or guide. Ten years ago he was

full of promise; now he is a piece of devitalized, nicotinepoisoned

human junk, ready for the moral scrap heap of humanity.

You say this picture is overdrawn. Perhaps it is. But that

is not important. The vital question is this: Will the cigarette brush with its nicotinepoisoned paint change the first picture

into the second? Will the clean, innocent boy in the first picture

ever become the repulsive man in the second? I know not. But

the experts assure us that the first is the promise of the second, the very probable—-reand that the second is the possible,—nay,

sult of the first. Dr. Hall, professor of physiology in the Medical School of the Northwestern University, says: "The boy

who before adolescence forms the cigarette habit will lie, deceive,

THE PHYSICAL SQUARE DEAL 821

and in other ways show degenerate tendencies. At twentyfive

he is a confirmed user of drugs and liquors, and his moral lapser are marked by vicious and criminal acts.

If society would save the young man in the first picture from becoming the slave in the second, if it would have him give his body a "square de? 1 "it must rise in its might, form social sentiment leagues against the habit, and through legal enactment and

social ostracism bring him to his senses, ere he sinks to the level of a nicotinesaturated sot.

In conclusion, then, young men, avoid the cigarette habit and thereby give your body, your mind, and your morals "a square deal"and a fair chance to develop along the right lines. Avoid

the habit because it is so useless, filthy and expensive; avoid it

because it is offensive to many of your associates; avoid it, because it bars the gateway to athletic honors, to employment and to

scholastic attainments; and finally avoid it, because it opens the

doorway to physical and moral degeneracy, over which modern scientific investigation is rapidly writing this warning. "Young

men, beware! There is a danger ahead. When you enter this

door and enslave yourself by this habit, you turn your back forever upon the highest physical, social, mental and moral efficiency as an individual."

The tree lies as it falls; but it falls in the direction toward

which it leans. And the issue I should like to raise is this: How

do you lean in thought, in habit, and in sentiment on this obnoxious higfh school evil?

M. I. A. Day

The M. I. A. Day has been observed in a large number of

the stakes of Zion. The Era has received reports particularly

from Snowflake, Granite, Salt Lake, Liberty, South Davis, Cassia, to give place toJuab, and Blackfoot. We would be very pleased

these programs and names of the winners of the various contests in storytelling, orations, debates, music, etc., did we have the

space. There is great satisfaction, in perusing the programs and

reports, and in noticing with what enthusiasm the young people

I. A. We congrathave taken held of these activities in the M.

ulate the stakes that have inaugurated this work and trust that next year every stake in Zion will prepare a very entertaining M.

I. A. Dav for the young people of their stakes. All the way from

each fifty, one hundred, to two hundred fifty young people m stake took part in the activities in the ward and district tryouts, is popular and and in the stake finals, showing that the work effective.

Department of Vocations and Industries

BY CLAUDE RICHARDS

IX—Specializations in Vocations

The following letter is addressed to a young man who has manifested some interest in the subject of choosing a vocation;

and believing that the principles expounded and the advice given are applicable to very many, and in fact all, of our young men, the letter is printed in this department of Mutual Improvement work.

We commend the advice it contains to the consideration of all our workers and to all our young men:

Dear Friend: We are in receipt of your recent and esteemed

letter in relation to the choosing of a vocation. Allow us to congratulate you upon your ambition to become a specialist. It is a

step in the right direction. For the age in which you live and expect

to work is fast becoming preeminently the age of specialization.

This has not long been the case, and consequently there are perhaps comparatively few among us today that fully appreciate the necessity for specializing. It was only a few years ago when conditions

were quite different, especially in this western country. Our Utah

Pioneers were confronted with scenes and conditions very unlike those that surround us.

You will remember that they had been driven from established cities and had decided to come to a wild region of undeveloped reown—onesources. Herethat theirthey childrendeterminedand totheirmakechildren'sa commonwealthchildren couldof theirenjoy.

The necessities of that strenuous day required that each builder of that commonwealth be able to do many and diverse things to promote the welfare of his people. Every man answered with willingness

the call of those times, and never perhaps in history did men work with greater diligence to meet the requirements made of them than did these splendid forefathers and benefactors of ours.

But now you will readily see that conditions are changed,—our

commonwealth is established, and a half a century has been added to the age and development of the work. The demand for technical

knowledge has increased to the extent that the jackof-alltrades has been replaced by the specialist. So that now the question asked, in

most parts of the civilized world, of a man who seeks a livelihood, is not "How many things can you do moderately well?"but rather "What

one thing can you do as well as or better than anybody else?"

It is in this present chapter of the world's history that we are living and called upon to act and to be useful. And it is under these

conditions that a young man nowadays must make his start in life.

And since things are so changed as compared with a few years ago and life has become so much more complex that it is no longer a matter of simple and routime process to get a start in life, does it not

VOCATIONS AND INDUSTRIES 823

behoove every young man to study the situation with earnestness and to decide at an early date upon his professional career?

You have begun this important study of choosing a vocation, and it is for this reason that we consider you are fortunate and that we desire to congratulate you.

By "professional career"we do not consider that your choice will be limited to the professions of law, medicine, and the like, but rather that you and our young men generally may select any approved field of action whatsoever, whether in agriculture, in industrial lines, or in any other line in which you propose to become a genuine expert.

Please do not overlook this important item of excelling in whatsoever line of work you may select. You cannot afford to spend the

best years of your life in performing secondclass service. Why

should we who are the rightful heirs to character and intelligence such as our worthy ancestors possessed be content with gaining only second place?

Do you not think it is reasonable for us to believe in the highest destiny for our western people? And is it not consistent to suppose

that God intended that the people of this great intermountain region should be genuine leaders and not mere followers in the great onward strides of progress?

Where is the western boy who would concede first place to any other boy in the world today? And where can you find the youth

in our midst who does not believe that this western people are a great people?

Then, to make good our claims and beliefs, must not our western boys in your opinion, set their aims high and lay plans that will place them in the foremost ranks of every worthy profession?

We trust that you will continue your investigation of vocations, and that you will meet with success in finding your most profitable life's work. We shall be glad to hear from you further in reference to

other phases of the pleasant and important task that you have undertaken and to study with you some problems encountered.

With best wishes for your success, we remain

Sincerely yours, Claude Richards For Com. on Vocations and Industries.

The Organ's Voice.

Solemn, wondrous, grand, the chord arose,

Filling the silence of the day with harmony,

The notes from out the organ's throat

Now high, now pulsing low, Told o'er again that wondrous tale in melody.

A wanderer paused to listen, slowly turned

And made his way within the sacred hall.

Enraptured sat he then and listened

To the voice of music like an angel's call.

And as the music filled that rounded dome

A thousand thoughts flashed through the wanderer's mind;

He seemed to hear the voice of One as from afar

Calling, pleading, telling of a love divine.

SALT LAKE CITY Arthur Lee.

Editors'Table

Defeat the Liquor Interests Two years ago many towns and cities in Utah adopted local option and banished the saloon. All who have kept pace with the

situation are well aware of the great progress that has resulted in the moral uplift of the community. Even where goodfor-nothing

officials were derelict in their duties, and thereby encouraged illicit traffic in these circumstances, conditions canalcohol—even under

not truthfully be said to be as bad as they were before the sale of liquor was forbidden. The fact is that conditions are infinitely

better. For inefficient and cowardly officers, the remedy at hand

is a change in officers, not the open saloon. Only such men as are

willing to do their full duty in supporting the law should be tolerated as officials in our communities.

In a number of cities and towns in our state at present—the

liquor again making keen interests—the enemies of the race—are

efforts to restore the former lowdown conditions. In some places,

we understand enough petitioners have already been obtained and the names filed with the commissioners requesting an election this

June. With all good people we join in hoping that these efforts

may utterly fail to restore the saloon. This should be the desire of

all Latterday Saints, and their prayers should be supported by their works and votes. In these elections the wives, mothers and

sisters have their golden opportunity with fathers and mothers to arise and utterly crush the cursed traffic in drink for which so many have suffered in sweat, and pain, and tears.

Joseph F. Smith.

After Many Days On their way from Kirtland to Missouri seventynine years ago, May 16, 1834, a little body of men were passing through

Dayton, Ohio. They were Joseph Smith, the Prophet, and one

hundred thirty to one hundred fifty of his followers, later augmented to two hundred and five. The company was "Zion's

EDITORS'TABLE 825

Camp."They traveled well organized, setting a pattern followed

later by the valiant band of pioneers who crossed the plains to the

Rocky Mountains and became the founders of Utah.

The avowed object of "Zion's Camp"was to relieve their friends and fellowreligionists who had been ruthlessly driven from their homes the previous year in Jackson County, Missouri, over the river to the counties further north in that State, and who now again were threatened with further persecution and drivings. The

personnel consisted of the strength and the cream of the "Mormon"Church in the east, going in this crude way, and with a fund at first of $261.50 gathered by the Prophet, in Kirtland, to relieve

their scattered and driven brothers and sisters, who had been ejected at the point of the sword from their hardearned homes in

Jackson County.

But the expedition did little, if anything, to accomplish this purpose. It became rather a school of trial and a test of fortitude

for the of whom later became the trusted leaders of men—many

the Latterday Saints in the colonization and development of the great west.

However, these poorlyclad men, thirsting, often starved, frequently sick, with their twenty baggage wagons, later twentyfive, created no end of curiosity and encountered much opposition as they wended their way across the country. Church history offers

no more interesting experiences than those undergone by this peculiar company of men during the month of May, from the time they left Kirtland until they camped on the banks of the Mississippi, in the state of Missouri, on June 4, following. Their experiences, physical and intellectual, were of a very trying character.

While they were often on the verge of starvation, encountered much sickness, and suffered greatly through physical inconveniences, they were yet highly blessed with the inspired teachings of the Prophet Joseph, with the visit of angels, and with the comforting spirit of prophecy.

Everybody along the way was suspicious of them, for they kept their mission a secret. Spies came to their camp many times,

but went away none the wiser.

As stated, this company passed through Dayton, Ohio, May 16, 1834, and this is the record of their reception "While passing through Dayton, Ohio, great curiosity was man'-

826 IMPROVEMENT ERA

fested, various reports of our numbers and designs having gone before us. Some of the inhabitants enquired of the company where they

were from, when Captain Young replied: 'From every place but this,

and we will soon be from this.''Where are you going?''To the

west.'Some ten or a dozen gentlemen came over from Dayton to

ascertain our numbers, which they reported to be at least 600. These

gentlemen also enquired of almost every man in the camp where he was from and where he was going, and what was his business. They

returned to Dayton and reported that every man in the company was a gentleman, and gave a respectful answer to every question asked.

But they could not ascertain where we were going, or what was our business."Something more than threequarters of a century has changed the situation for the descendants and coreligionists of that peculiar and suffering "Zion's Camp"in such a way that even a casual glance at the situation must convince the most skeptical that the

Lord has directed and blessed their struggles.

A fearful disaster fell upon the people of Dayton,—"a national

last calamity"it was pronounced by President Wilson,—during the

days of March, 1913. Hundreds were killed by floods and fire,

and many millions of property were destroyed. The Governor of

the state called on the nation for help for the homeless and suffering. The cry was heard in the midst of the Rocky Mountains,

where this peculiar people has been blessed and prospered of the

Lord, and among the first to respond was President Joseph F.

Smith, with a check for $1,000 sent to the Governor of Ohio for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. This sum was

augmented by the efforts of other citizens, by commercial clubs, and by members of the Church personally, to an amount approximating $10,000. While no doubt this same love and helpfulness

would go out from Zion to any other community in our country, or anywhere else from which a cry for help might come, the pleasure of giving in this case is enhanced when we remember the citizens of Dayton who came out to that bedraggled band, in 1834, and reported "that every man in the company was a gentleman."

A Remarkable Healing President Oleen N. Stohl, of Brigham City, Box Elder Stake

of Zion, writes to President Joseph F. Smith and Counselors under

date of March 28 Dear Brethren: The following is an extract from a letter I just

EDITORS'TABLE 827

received from Elder Denmark Jenson, who is laboring as a special missionary in the Northern States Mission. The letter is teeming with

the spirit of missionary work, and the good fruits which follow the labors of the Elders. I thought it would be interesting to you.

I am with kindest regards, yours very truly,

Oleen N. Stohl.

I witnessed one of the greatest manifestations of healing, the last time I was in Peoria, that I have seen for some time. A lady by the

name of Mrs. May Lawrey had been very sick with hemorrhage of the

lungs, and the doctor pronounced her case very serious. Elder McEwin asked me to accompany him to visit this family. We found the

father and three sons feeling very badly over the condition of the wife and mother. After talking to them for some time, explaining to them the

beautiful truths of the gospel and the blessings it would bring to them if they would accept it, the father said, "If mother were well, we would accept it at once, for I believe it is true."I felt impressed to say, "If

you will accept it, God will heal your wife at once."We were then

invited into the bedroom where the good mother lay sick, almost afraid to speak for fear the blood would start from the lungs. I shall

never forget how the tears trickled down her cheeks when she said, "I heard what my dear husband said to you, and I also heard the promise you made him."I said, "Good sister, do you believe the Gospel of

Jesus Christ as explained by the elders, and that Joseph Smith was a prophet of God?""I do,"she said, "and if I could be healed, I would

embrace it at once."I said, "Good sister, we will pray for you, and

you shall be healed."

Not having any oil, we all knelt around her bed and prayed for her.

I went there The next morning Elders Alfred N. Olson, McEwin and

and found the good woman up and doing her work and getting their clothes ready for baptism. She was made well, and enjoyed a good

night's rest. They were both baptized the next day.

The Faith of a Little Child is to teach One of the special features of Religion Class work is being the children to have implicit faith in God. And this

accomplished very successfully. The faith exhibited by many of

the little children is, indeed, remarkable, and speaks well for the teachings they have received. Instances almost innumerable

could be cited showing how the Lord has placed his approval on the work of his faithful servants by answering the prayers of little children. Elder W. A. Morton related to us a few days ago a

circumstance which took place recently which shows the good gospel of the teaching of the effect - were paying a visit Sister and Brother toWour children evening One

828 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to some friends in a certain part of the city in which they resided.

They had left their little children at home, in care of an elder member of the family. During the evening a terrible storm

passed over the city. The electric light system was affected for

some time, leaving the entire city in total darkness. The lightning flashed and the thunders of heaven seemed to shake the city.

Fear came upon the little children of Brother and Sister. W

They huddled closely together, terrified by the lightning and the deafening peals of thunder. Suddenly a happy thought came into

the mind of one of the little ones, and she said, "I'll tell you what we'll do; we'll pray for papa to come home."The little ones

knelt down together, and the eldest led in prayer. She said,

"Dear Heavenly Father, there's an awful storm down here, and we're afraid. Please send papa home. This is our prayer, in the

name of Jesus. Amen."

turned to his wife and said, At that time Brother W "Dear, I feel impressed to go home; I feel that I am needed

there."The good woman tried to get him to stay a little longer,

till the storm had ceased; but he said he felt he should go at once.

So, asking to be excused, he hastened home. As he entered the

house his little children came running to him, clapping their hands with joy, and exclaiming, "We knew you would come, we knew you would come."

"And how did you know, my darlings?"he asked.

"Because we prayed for you to come."

O for the faith of a little child

Messages from the Missions

Elders of Newcastle conference May, 1912, top row left to right: Amos Belnap, Preston, Idaho; L. M. Wayne, Manassa, Colo.; Marion J. Steed, Syracuse, Utah; George Duffin, Provo,

Utah; Cyrin Duffin, Provo, Utah. Second row: William A. Van

Orden, Lewiston, Utah; Frederick J. Bradshaw, Magrath, Canada;

John C. Gibby, Provo, Utah; Louis L. Allen. Cove; Martin G. Brixen,

Salt Lake City; Joseph Parmley, Winter Quarters, Utah, clerk of Newcastle conference; Howarth Roberts, Ogden, Utah. Third row: W.

K. Lindsay, La Grande, Oregon; Joseph V. Ford, Cedar City; George

B. Chambers, Garfield; J. Eugene Lichfield, Provo, president of Newcastle conference; Rudger Clawson, Salt Lake City, president British

Mission; F. A. Dahle, Logan, Utah; John R. Sayer, Rigby, Idaho;

P. H. Service, Salt Lake City. Fourth row: Francis Simpson, Bedford, Wyoming; Roscoe C. Merrill, Richmond, Utah; Richard D.

Bradshaw, Magrath, Canada; George T. Cox, Pocatello, Idaho; Lawrence J. Clements, Salt Lake City; Albert G. Brain, Salt Lake City;

David A. Robinson, Morgan, Utah.

This picture is of the day school in Darbun, Miss. On account of

the short school term there, the members of the Church requested

President Callis to send an elder to teach school, so that their children could enjoy a longer period of school than the school taxes of the district warranted. Elder Karl S. Barton was assigned to take charge

PUPILS OF THE DAY SCHOOL AT DARBUN, MISS.

of the school, which is being held in the Darbun meetinghouse. Elder

Barton is meeting with much success, and he says that the children are bright and intelligent and devoted to their studies. The regular course

of study followed in the public schools of Mississippi is strictly adhered to in this school.

Priesthood Quorums'Table

Pertinent paragraphs from the stake presidents'reports for the year 1912, to the Presiding Bishop's Office:

Alberta Stake: "We have adopted the plan of visiting the wards

and holding meetings with the Priesthood in the wards on Saturday evening, remaining over night and all day Sunday. The result is good.

Especially is this the case in getting the ward teachers wakened up.

When they do their duty our main worries are at an end. We urge

the teaching of the payment of tithing during the fore part of the year instead of the latter part. This plan will see fewer nontithe payers."

Blackfoot Stake: "In some wards greater encouragement is given

to the practice of the father dividing the tithing among the members of the family. This naturally increases the number of actual tithepayers in such wards."

California Mission: "San Pedro Ward is nearly disorganized

through emigration. St. David Ward has recently been reorganized

and there is considerable influx of good families from Mexico."

Davis Stake: "We have visited the wards in the stake holding

special meetings with the bishoprics and local Priesthood trying to arouse increased interest in ward teacher's work."

Deseret Stake: "The establishment of this new stake has made us

much more compact than heretofore, and as a result the stake officers are doing more efficient work. Our population is increasing steadily."

Fremont Stake: "There is an improvement in the spiritual condition of the stake. Special missionaries have been laboring in all of

the wards holding cottage meetings and visiting both nonmembers and members with excellent results. The Priesthood has not accomplished as much as we should have liked, but we have taken up

a special labor with all the quorums and can observe improvement."

Granite Stake: "The Young Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations have been doing a new work which resulted

in bringing into our associations many young people whom we have not been able to reach before. We had a hundred special missionaries laboring among the Saints and nonmembers, which has resulted

in many conversions, made many friends, and removed prejudice.

Sixty sisters did special missionary work and much good among careless girls."

Maricopa Stake: "Our Indian Misison is doing good work, and

the results and prospects justify the expenditure. Three new chapels

a liveare being built—Mesa 1st and 2nd wards, and Pine. We have

home missionary body who hold preparation and improvement sessions.- A special missionary work is being done among nonmembers

by visiting from door to door, tracting, holding cottage meetings, etc."

....Millard Stake: "Since the division of this stake, August 11, 1912,

commendable improvement has been made."

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 831

Moapa Stake: "Bunkerville is very much troubled by the floods

from the Virgin river. Mesquite also is subject to worry from the

river and has suffered heavy losses."

North Weber: "Two meeting houses have been dedicated one at

McGill, Nevada, and one at Taylor, Weber county. Our population

increased 410 mainly through the creation of Metropolis ward, Nev.

We believe the united spirit and the excellent work done in the past year, are due to the greater activity in ward teaching, and also to activities in the Priesthood and auxiliary organizations. There has been

a steady increase in attendance at sacrament meetings, also at Priesthood meetings, and the new Priesthood movement gives evidence of a greater increase along these lines."

St. Joseph: "We had fully four per cent increase in attendance at

sacrament meetings due to increased activity among the acting teachers. Priesthood quorum meetings are better attended."

Sevier: "During December a corps of special missionaries, thirtytwo in number, labored in the wards of the stake under the direction

of the bishoprics and visited every family residing in the stake. Much

good came of these visits. In many wards increased attendance is

shown at all ward meetings."

Snowflake Stake: "Our stake contributed over $7,000 to the new

academy, kept thirteen missionaries in the field, and paid larger fast offerings than ever before. We have organized the teachers'districts

after the suggestions of the Presiding Bishopric, and conditions have improved generally. The High Council have work assigned them in

laboring with the Priesthood quorums and auxiliary organizations.

Members are also appointed from that body to labor with the ward ward."teachers—one for each

: "Soon after the beginning of the year the Seventies Tooele Stake

of the 31st and 43rd quorums were appointed to perform home missionary work in the stake. Since the 4th of April, 1912, when the

first visit was made, this work has been performed with great satisfaction."

Uintah Stake: "We have a great deal of cheap land in this stake,

to rapid development and need more good people. We look forward

during the next few years. We have emphasized the work of the warld

t p 3. c n c r s

Ogden Stake: "Of the 919 members of the Priesthood in the stake

896 are enrolled, and 633, or 63%, are actively engaged in the weekly meetings. More than $8,000 have been paid on the meeting houses

in the Sixth, Seventh and Eighth and Pleasant View wards."

Liberty Stake: "All the auxiliary organizations are in good condition. One hundred per cent of the families were visited by the ward

teachers during the months of November and December. The ward

Priesthood meetings were held at 9 a. m. on Sunday for the last three

months of the year. Considering it was a new thing, the innovation

was a reasonable success."

832 IMPROVEMENT ERA Heme Missionary Work.—In Clearfield, Davis County, the authorities of the Church are doing a good missionary work among the nonmembers as well as the members of the Church. The ward was organized in November, 1907. On canvassing the ward the bishop found

that twentyfour adults were nonmembers of the Church. In forming their teachers'districts and giving each pair of teachers from six

to eight families, the bishopric counted also the nonmembers of the

Church just the same as if they had been members of the Church, and instructed the teachers to visit them, only they were not to include them in their Church reports. This is why some of the districts in

the ward have only listed four families to every two teachers. These

nonmembers were invited to attend the meetings and the organizations of the Latterday Saints. The teachers also visited in case of

death or sickness, showing that they were interested in their welfare.

Two deaths occurred among the nonmembers, and the members demonstrated by their sympathy and help at the funerals that they were much interested. This was greatly appreciated. When the new meetinghouse was built, not a single nonmember solicited, but donated for

its erection, and willingly at that. Out of the twentyfour nonmem-

bers, adults, eighteen have been baptized, and one more has applied for baptism. These converts are among our best tithepayers, and one

young man is now on a mission in New Zealand. The Relief Society

followed up the same method that the teachers pursued. The districts for their teachers are formed from the ward teachers districts.

They have two teachers or more to each district, including nonmembers of the Church just the same as members, and the results are good. The Deacons follow up in their district by twos gathering the

fast offerings. Each pair of Deacons is given a receipt book and they

give to each individual a receipt, for collections. They have explained

to their nonmembers the principle of fast offering and some of them are glad to contribute and assist in paying the running expenses of the meetinghouse. A family recently moved into the ward and are much

interested in the meetings and doctrines of the gospel. Thus the authorities are endeavoring to accomplish a good missionary work at

home, which is quite as essential as missionary work abroad.

President George Osmond, of the Star Valley Stake of Zion, born in London, England, May 23, 1836, died at Montpelier, Idaho, March 25, 1913. He joined the Church in 1850, was called upon a mission

immediately, and in 1854 emigrated to New Orleans, and later came to Utah. He lived in Davis and Box Elder counties, and in 1864 went

to Bear Lake valley, serving as bishop of Bloomington ward, and later as counselor in the presidency of the Bear Lake Stake. He filled

two missions to Great Britain, and in 1892 was called to Star Valley to preside in that stake. In civil life he was justice of the peace, probate judge, and state senator of Wyoming during 189899, and 19001901.

Mutual Work

The New Traveling Secretary The creation, by the General Board, of the new office of traveling secretary is one of the most important actions taken in the Young

Men's Association in many years. If an athletic director is necessary,

one whose duty it is to look after the sports and amusements of the young men, surely a mental and spiritual director, if we may so speak, is even more necessary, one whose work it will be to direct the intellectual and religious activities of our boys. Indeed, this second office

was inevitable on the creation of the first, and was almost presupposed by it.

The duties of the new officer, as already hinted, will be to inspire and guide the higher activities of our young men. It

will be his duty to travel from stake to stake in the interest of the M. I. A. He will direct the

reading, debating, the class work, and very much of the convention work of the organizaOSCAR A. KIRKHAM

tion. Also he will incidentally

be expected to have something to do with the fund and the circulation of the Improvement Era, for an association, like a man, must live.

The person chosen by the Board to undertake this important work is Oscar A. Kirkham. And a batter man it would hardly be possible

to find. It is seldom that we see so complete fitness of the work and

the man as we have here. We agree heartily with what Prof. John H.

Evans of the L. D. S. U. says of him and his calling in the following:

"Oscar A. Kirkham has unbounded enthusiasm and energy, which

he will put into this work. This is his nature. He is not assuming

a duty for which he has to pump up an interest. That interest he has

always had. The boy problem doesn't bother Oscar Kirkham. He

is interested in the boy. And when you are interested in the boy the

boy problem vanishes. Contact with this man's wonderful, ardent

sympathy for the young men of the Church is all that is needed to start any of them to doing something. The writer heard the other

day this compliment to Brother Kirkham, after he had spoken at an

M. I. A. gathering: 'You go away feeling ashamed that you haven't

done something better in life, and determined to do that something!'

"But Oscar Kirkham is not merely enthusiastic and energetic. He

834 IMPROVEMENT ERA

is also intellectual. His judgment is sound. He says good things,

things it is worth while to remember. He has for years been connected

withtry—theone Latterdayof the bestSaints'educationalHigh institutionsSchool,—wherein thishe parthas comeof theincouncon-

tact with the best educational thought of the times. He has studied

and traveled abroad. He has always been a wide reader. And these

qualifications, added to a naturally splendid understanding, warrant us in believing that he will render incalculable service to the Associations in elevating and keeping up the standard of efficiency of our boys in the work to which life has called them.

"The writer is optimistic as to the outcome of this important movement conducted under the supervision of this capable man. But he

cannot work alone. He must have help. Let no one stand by with

his hands in his pockets looking on to see how the thing will go. This

is no time for silence and sloth. Whenever Oscar A. Kirkham comes

to your stake or ward, round up your boys and let him touch them with his magic wand."

Rules for Ward and Stake Athletics

Recommended by the Athletic Committee Y. M. M. I. A.

The Athletic Committee have adopted, with a few minor changes in wording, the "Athletic Rules of the Amateur Athletic Union of the

United States,"and recommend that all ward and stake athletic activities be governed by the same.

Complete amateur athletic rules may be had at any sporting goods house.

Rule I. Officials. Section 1. All amateur meetings shall be under

the direction of The Athletic Committee, One Referee, Two or more

Inspectors, Three Judges at Finish, Three or more Field Judges, Three or more Timekeepers, One Starter, One Clerk of the Course, One

Scorer, One Marshal.

Sec. 2. If deemed necessary, assistants may be provided for the

Clerk of the Course, the Scorer, and the Marshal, and an Official Announcer may be appointed.

Rule II. The Athletic Committee shall consist of members of

Y. M. M. I. A. chosen by ward or stake M. I. A. officers. This committee shall have jurisdiction of all matters not assigned by these rules

to the Referee or other games officials.

Rule III. The Referee shall decide all questions relating to the

actual conduct of the meeting, whose final settlement is not otherwise covered by these rules.

He alone shall have the power to change the order of events as laid down in the official programme, and to add to or to alter the announced arrangement of heats in any event. A referee has no authority, after

heats have been duly drawn and published in a programme, to transfer a contestant from one heat to another.

When in any but the final heat of a race, a claim of foul or interference is made, he shall have the power to disqualify the competitor who was at fault, if he considers the foul intentional or due to culpable carelessness, and shall also have the power to allow the hindered competitor to start in the next round of heats, just as if he had been placed in his trial.

When, in a final heat, a claim of foul or interference is made, he shall have the power to disqualify the competitor who was at fault, if he considers the foul intentional or due to culpable carelessness, and he shall also have the power to order a new race between such of the competitors as he thinks entitled to such a privilege.

MUTUAL WORK 835

If, during any athletic contest under the rules of the Amateur

Athletic Union, a competitor shall conduct himself in a manner unbecoming a gentleman, or offensive to the officials, spectators or competitors, the referee shall have the power to disqualify him from further competition at the meeting.

Rule IV. The Inspectors. It shall be the duty of an Inspector to

stand at such point as the Referee may designate; to watch the competition closely, and in case of a claim of foul to report to the Referee

what he saw of the incident.

Such Inspectors are merely assistants to the Referee, to whom they shall report, and have no power to make any decisions.

Rule V. The Judges at Finish shall determine the order of finishing of contestants and shall arrange among themselves as to noting the

winner, second, third, fourth, etc., as the case may require.

Their decision in this respect shall be without appeal, and in case of disagreement a majority shall govern.

Rule VI. The Field Judges shall make an accurate measurement,

and keep a tally of all competitors in the high and broad jumps, the pole vault, the weight competitions and the tug of war.

They shall act as judges of these events, and their decisions, as to facts, shall likewise be without appeal. In case of disagreement a majority shall govern.

Rule VII. The Timekeepers shall be three in number. They shall

individually time all events where time record is required, and determine among themselves and announce the official time of each heat or race.

Should two of the three watches mark the same time and the third disagree, the time marked by the two watches shall be accepted. Should

all three disagree, the time marked by the intermediate watch shall be accepted.

The flash of the pistol shall denote the actual time of starting.

If, for any reason, only two watches record the time of an event, and they fail to agree, the longest time of the two shall be accepted.

held on an Note.—For record, however, three watches must be

event. See Rule IV.. General Rules of the Amateur Athletic Union.

Rule VIII. The Starter shall have sole jurisdiction over the competitors after the Clerk of the Course has promptly placed them in their

positions for the start.

The method of starting shall be by pistol report, except that in time handicap races the word "go"shall be used.

An actual start shall not be effected until the pistol has been purposely discharged after the competitors have been warned to get ready.

In case the pistol was not purposely discharged the competitors shall be called back by the starter by pistol fire.

Note.—The starter must have at least two good cartridges in his

pistol before starting a heat.

When any part of the person of a competitor shall touch the ground in front of his mark before the starting signal is given, it shall be considered a false start.

Penalties for false starting shall be inflicted by the Starter, as follows: In all races up to and including 125 yards the competitor shall be put back one vard for the first and another yard for the second attempt;

in races over 125 yards and including 300 yards, two yards for the first and two more for 'the second attempt; in races over 300 yards and

including 600 yards, three yards for the first and and three more for the second attempt: in races over 600 yards and including 1,000 yards,

four yards for the first and four more for the second attempt: in races

836 IMPROVEMENT ERA

over 1,000 yards and including one mile, five yards for the first and five more for the second attempt; in all races over one mile, ten yards for

the first and ten more for the second attempt. In all cases the third

false start shall disqualify the offender from that event.

The starter shall also rule out of that event any competitor who attempts to advance himself from his mark, as prescribed in the official programme after the starter has given the warning to "get ready."

Rule IX. The Clerk of the Course shall be provided with the

names and the numbers of all entered competitors, and he shall notify them to appear at the starting line before the start in each event in which they are entered.

In case of handicap events from marks, he shall place each competitor behind his proper mark; shall immediately notify the Starter

should any competitor attempt to advance himself after the Starter has warned them to "get ready;"and in time allowance handicaps shall furnish the Starter with the number and time allowance of each actual

competitor. He shall control his assistants, and assign to them such

duties as he may deem proper. In all track competition run in lanes

the choice of lanes shall be drawn for in each heat; in all other track

competitions the positions shall be numbered from the curb or pole and shall be drawn for according to clubs in scratch events, and in handicap events the competitors shall be allotted their positions by the Clerk of the Course.

Rule XI. The Scorer shall record the order in which each competitors finishes his event, together with the time furnished him by the

Timekeepers. He shall keep a tally of the laps made by each competitor in races covering more than one lap, and shall announce by

means of a bell, or otherwise, when the leading man enters the last dap. He shall control his assistants, and assign to them such of his

duties as he may deem proper.

Rule XII. The Marshal shall have full police charge of the enclosure, and shall prevent any but officials and actual competitors from

entering or remaining therein. He shall control his assistants, and

assign to them their duties.

Rule XIII. The Official Announcer shall receive from the Scorer

and Field Judges the result of each event, and announce the same by voice, or by means of a bulletin board.

Rule XIV. Trainers and handlers shall not be allowed within the

center field or inner field, or on the track immediately prior to or during competitions at any meeting except in distance races of five miles or over.

Rule XV. Competitors shall report to the Clerk of the Course

immediately upon their arrival at the place of meeting, and shall be provided by that official with their proper numbers, which must be worn conspicuously by the competitors when competing, and without which they shall not be allowed to start.

Each competitor shall inform himself of the time of starting, and shall be promptly at the starting point of each competition in which he is entered, and there report to the Clerk of the Course.

Under no condition shall any attendants be allowed to accompany competitors at the start or during any competition, except in match races, where special agreement may be made.

Rule XVI. Protests against any entered competitor may be made

verbally or in writing to the Athletic Committee or any member thereof before the meeting, or to the Referee during the meeting. If

possible, the Committee or Referee shall decide such protests at once.

If the nature of the protest or the necessity of obtaining testimony prevents an immediate decision, the competitor shall be allowed to

MUTUAL WORK 837

compete under protest, and the protest shall be decided by the Athletic

Committee within one week.

Rule XVII. Track Measurement. All distances run or walked

shall be measured upon a line eighteen inches outward from the inner edge of the track, except that in races on straightaway tracks the distances shall b'e measured in a direct line from the starting mark to the finishing line.

Rule XVIII. The Course. Each competitor shall keep in his

respective position from start to finish in all races on straightaway tracks, and in all races on tracks with one or more turns he shall not cross to the inner edge of the track, except when he is at least six feet in advance of his nearest competitor. After turning the last corner

into the straight in any race, each competitor must keep a straight course to the finish line, and not cross, either to the outside or the inside, in front of any of his opponents.

In all championship races of the Amateur Athletic Union, or any of it sassociations, at any distance under and including 300 yards, each competitor shall have a separate course, properly roped, staked and measured, whether the race be run on a straight path or around one or more curves.

The Referee shall disqualify from that event any competitor who wilfully pushes against, impedes, crosses the course of, or in any way interferes with another competitor.

The Referee shall disqualify from further participation in the games any contestant competing to lose, to coach, or to in any way impede the chances of another competitor either in a trial or final contest. (to be continued in next number)

the wards doing active scout work M. I. A. Scouts.—One of

among the boys of the Mutual Improvement Association is the

Thirtysecond ward, of Pioneer Stake,

Salt Lake City. Though a small ward,

they have there many enthusiastic supporters among the boys. The pictures

were taken on one of their night "hikes"to Ensign Peak. The boys left the Eagle

Gate at seven p. m. and figured on returning at ten. They have two patrols

organized under the care of Scout Leader

Andrew A. Anderson, and Assistant

Scout Leader Bruno Lange.

Both of the leaders attended a series of instructions given in the Deseret Gymnasium for the benefit of the scout leaders and organizers, and have found the lessons given there to be of great value in their work. The

pictures were taken by flashlight. The first is on Ensign

Peak at nine p.m., and the other

is taken in the timbers, in City Creek canyon, by H. N. Anderson.

Passing Events

The Last Building in Far West, Missouri, where the "Mormons"once contemplated the erection of a temple, was destroyed about

March 15 of this year.

Scutari was Captured en April 23 by the Montenegrin army, which continued to battle after the fall of Adrianople and the practical surrender of the Turks. On the following day Austria, in a note to the

Powers, asked that they compel Montenegro to give up Scutari, or

Austria would compel them to do so alone. The Powers, on May 5,

prevailed upon King Nicholas, who first stated that he would never give up what he had won in war, to evacuate. The Montenegrin soldiers, as a protest, fired a large portion of the city.

Adrianople Fell into the Hands of the Bulgars and Servians on

March 26, after a siege by the allies and a heroic defense by the

Turks of over five months under Shukri Pasha. King Ferdinand of Bulgaria entered the city on the 28th and reviewed his victorious troops.

Thirty thousand troops were taken by the Bulgars, who lost fourteen thousand killed and wounded on the last day of the siege. The Turks

will abide by the decision of the Powers in relation to the reconstruction of Turkey in Europe. All the possessions of the Turks except

Constantinople will probably be given over and the Turk practically driven into Asia.

Japan Protested to the State Department on April 12 against the enactment of the proposed "AntiAlien Land Ownership Law"in

California. A week later President Wilson, through Secretary of

State Bryan, urged the California legislature to make the proposed law less objectionable to the Japanese. Later it was decided to send

Secretary Bryan to California to confer with the state legislature on the matter; on April 28, he addressed the lawmakers, advising delay

to allow the State Department to make a new treaty with Japan, but the bill was passed against his advice on April 30. California explains

that "white supremacy and the American standard of living are at stake;"Japan replies that "the issue is one of discrimination and reflects upon our national honor."

John Beck died in Salt Lake City on April 2. He was born March

19, 1843, at Kurtenburg, Germany. He was converted to the Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, in 1860, and emigrated to America in 1861, crossing the plains in an oxcart. He first'settled at Lehi

and later in Sevier county, where he lost all he had in the Indian war.

He began mining in 1870, and was the discoverer of the famous Bullion-Beck mine which made several millionaires. He aided in the development of many other mines and enterprises, and settled in Salt

Lake City in 1890, where he resided until his death.

PASSING EVENTS 839

Hannah C. Free Wells, widow of the late Daniel H. Wells, and

mother of Junius F. Wells, died in Salt Lake City, March 5. She was

born in Bellville, St. Clair county, Illinois, June 9, 1829. She joined

the Church at the age of fourteen years, moved to Nauvoo in 1845, from whence she was driven with the other Saints in '47. Mrs. Wells

was a most lovable and amiable woman, always full of good cheer, wit and delightful conversation. While she took no leading part in

public life, except in the local Relief Society and other organizations, and in temple work, she made life pleasant for those about her. Her

home was open to friends and visitors, and she made it a place where all who abode rejoiced and all who came went away delighted. She

was true to the faith, and she scattered cheer and sunshine wherever she went.

PctatoGrowing.—In this issue of the Era there is an announcement of prizes and a trophycup for potato contests to help develop the

raising of potatoes. The National Copper Bank last year instituted a

potatogrowing competition, giving a prize to the boy under eighteen who raised the best potatoes. This will be continued this year. A

cash prize of one hundred dollars is offered, also a silver trophycup upon which the name of the winner each year, with his address, will be engraved. If a boy wins the cup three years in succession he is entitled to keep it permanently, and a new one will be offered afterwards,

in its place. The winners of second and third places will also be recognized, as will the leading contestant from each county. Instructions relating to the subjects will be furnished by application to the

bank officials, and we advise all who enter to write immediately, as these instructions contain some excellent points on potato raising, and particularly relating to diseases. There are also instructions on how

to "green"potatoes, which is a means of causing them to sprout under certain proper conditions before they are planted. Instructions regarding this very interesting process will be furnished to any applicant entering the contest. Disinfecting the seed and the nature of different

diseases are subjects also treated. The growing of potatoes should be

encouraged. Utah stands far down in the list among the states in the

total yield of potatoes. Only two acres out of every hundred of our

cultivated lands are now planted in this useful vegetable, though at the present time our annual crop is over two million bushels.

The fruit men of Utah have been forced, due to adverse business conditions, to cooperate. Mr. J. Arthur Reid, who was brought to the

state by the Extension Division of the Agricultural College last February, in a series of Farmers'Institutes, held by the Extension Division in Logan, Brigham City, Ogden, Provo and Salt Lake City, outlined the method of organization which has made California's fruit industry the model of the world in a business way. Along these lines,

the fruit men proceeded during the following weeks and brought on from California Mr. C. D. Adams, to aid in perfecting their organiza840 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion. They seem in earnest, and undoubtedly will mature a cooper-

ative plan well adapted to handling the rapidly increasing fruit business of the state. Cooperation is an old idea. Applied to modern business conditions it is a thing designed to quite revolutionize especially

agricultural practice. Modern agriculture has demonstrated the absolute necessity of cooperation and the farmers of Utah are learning

again the old principle taught them in Utah's early history, and from which they departed. Cooperation is an idea of broad sweep, and

undoubtedly will soon be applied to many departments of our agriculture, especially along the lines of cooperative selling, cooperation for the obtaining of insurance, cooperation for the obtaining of credit, and in other fields not yet easily discernible. As it affects the fruit

industry at the present time, it emphasizes several important facts:

first, that the foundation of success in the fruit business depends primarily upon scientific culture; second, upon honest packing, and third,

upon conservative manipulation of the marketable product as opposed to desultory orchard practice, slovenly and even dishonest, packing, and speculative marketing. For many years, some growers in the

state have been placing wormy or cullapples in the bottom of the box, and two good rows on top. They have by such practice blighted

the name of the state from a horticultural standpoint. They have been

unfair to themselves and unfair to their neighbors. Some have not

propertly studied their trees, and their soils, in order to determine an honest output from each individual tree. Some have hoped for fabulous returns, and have been willing to resort to mean business practice in order to coerce large returns. This last fault, however, is more

to be placed at the door of a few speculators, not among the growers.

The fruit men are firmly convinced that something must be done, and done quickly, and their work in the state today is work which will long be remembered. It will be a prominent part of the agricultural history

of the state. The opposition they are meeting should act only as a

stimulant to greater endeavor. They are on the right track and will

succeed if they keep their business clean and free from taint of favoritism and speculation.

The Utah Chautauqua will hold its third annual session in Glenwood Park, Ogden, Julv 17 to 27. That this institution will maintain

its high educational standard this year is evidenced by the names which appear on its program: Dr. Charles Zueblin, Prof. McKeever

of Kansas, Bishop Francis J. McConnell. Mrs. Ida B. Cole of the

Chautauqua institution, Colonel Bain and Dr. Ira Landeith of Tennessee. Music will be furnished by the Imperial Quartet, the Salt Lake

Symphony Orchestra and others. Pioneer Day will be celebrated under the leadership of Apostle David O. McKay and will end with a

presentation of "A Midsummer Night's Dream,"by Miss Maud May

Babcock and the dramatic club of the University of Utah. A complete program may be obtained upon application to Dr. E. P. Mills,

secretary, Ogden, Utah.

L. D. S. Knitted

Garments made especially for hot, summer days.

COOL AND COMFORTABLE.

Suitable for hot, sultry weather. Price, per pair, Postpaid $2.15

woven and finished. Price, per pair, Postpaid $1.50

per pair, Postpaid 70c bleached. Very popular grade. Price, per pair, Postpaid $1.00

Price, per pair, Postpaid $1.10

garment. Price, per pair, Postpaid $1.10

Beautiful Teaspoon! FREE! A

During June, July and August we will give absolutely free a Famous Roger's French Gray pattern Teaspoon, with every $2.00 order. Six Teaspoons with every $10.00 order.

GARMENTS MARKED FOR 20c PER PAIR.

We ship garments to Elders in all parts of the World. Send

for our complete set of samples of garments.

West's Mail Order House 258 So. State St., Salt Lake City, Utah.

NATIONAL COPPER BANK TROPHY THIS CUP AND A CASH PRIZE OF $100.00

WILL BE GIVEN BY THE

NATIONAL COPPER BANK OF SALT LAKE CITY

For the Best Potato Crop in Utah

Grown by any Boy Under 18

There Itoill be prizes for second and third places Entries close une 1st

SEND YOUR NAME TO THE BANK IMMEDIATELY

IF YOU WISH TO TRY FOR THE PRIZE

Full particulars and instructions will be forwarded at once

Young Man, turn to page 812, and take time to read every word of that article. Hand it to your boy friend.

Elder Georgius Y. Cannon, writing from Chemnitz, Germany, says: ''We

have only commendation for the Era, and read it with the greatest of interest, and wish you continued success."

D. Rcllo Harris, Pittsburg, Pa.: "We succeeded in our recent trip in securing several subscribers to our valuable magazine, the Improvement Era. We

say valuable because we mean it. It is worth its weight in gold both at home

and abroad."

Y. M. M. I. A. Officers should remember the M. I. A. Conference, June 6,

7, 8. Three days of educational activity which no upto-date officer should

miss. Look for the program in the "Deseret News,"or ask your stake superintendent.

Improvement Era, June, 1913 Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F.Smith, ) Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, j Sartors m oroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Emigrant Train near Laramie Peak Frontispiece

Laramie Peak Alfred Lambourne 749

The Utah Pioneers Elder Erastus Snow 751

First House in Nevada George C. Parkinson 763

The Rose. A Poem Alfred Lambourne 764

. 766My First Broncho Ride Charles Herman Norberg.

Sermonets 768 In Lighter Mood 769 "The Sacred Books of the 'Mormons'"Sterling B. Talmage, B. S. 770

Dr. Pack to Dr. Peters 777

An Offshoot of the Spalding Argument Dr. Frederick J. Pack 778

One Song Grace Zenor Robertson 780

The Singer. A Poem Aubrey Parker 781

R. Lyman 782Voice of the Intangible—XL Illustrated Albert

Vicarious Service Alice Louise Reynolds 795

The Gospel to the Lamanites—XIIIXV Rey L. Pratt 796

Nevada. A Poem J. H. Anderson 801

Little Problems of Married Life—XXI William George Jordan 802

Booker T. Washington's Views of the "Mormons"807

My Morning Hymi A Poem Susa Young Gates 808

Customs and Legends of Utah Indians—III.. Enoch Jorgensen 809

The Physical Square Deal and the Cigarette

Habit Among Boys Samuel Hamilton 812

M. I. A. Day 821

822Department of Vocations and Industries—IX. Claude Richards

Editors'Table—Defeat the Liquor Interests..Prest. Joseph F. Smith 824

After Many Days 824 A Remarkable Healing 826 The Faith of a Little Child 827

Messages from the Missions 828

Priesthood Quorums'Table—From the Stake Presidents'Reports, 1912—Home Missionary Work 830

Secretary Mutual Work—The New Traveling

—Rules for Ward and Stake Athletics—

M. I. A. Scouts 833

Passing Events 83e HI MINGTON AUTOLOADING SHOTGUN—ONE OF BROWNING'S PATENTS

DON'T WAIT TILL NEXT SEASON TO HAVE THAT GUN REPAIRED SEND IT TO US NOW and HAVE IT READY FOR NEXT SEASON

Send Postal for our Catalogue, 150 Pages, Illustrated. FREE

CO., S2?,Nr BROWNING BROS.

THE NEW MODEL FIVE

L. G. Smith & Bros. Typewriter

Has all the successful features of earlier models with new ones added It anticipates the demands of owners aDd operators and is an example of the highest refinement of mechanical skill.

The nail bearings at all cardinal points, the inbuilt attachments, th keyboard ribbon control, lightning escapement, rigid carriage, are some of the reasons why this machine produces neat, accurate copy with the least amount of effort.

CO. BROS. TYPEWRITER L C.SMITH Head Office& for Domestic Business, Foreign and

Syracuse, N. Y., U. S. A.

SALT LAKlS OFFICE, 379 South Main St.,

Salt Lake City.

Your Vacation? Three Daily

SOME POPULAR SUGGESTIONS Your Choice: Santa Catalina

Long Beach Principles "Los Angeles Ocean Park The Result

Venice Limited""SAFETY FIRST'High Quality

Newport Beach Service when "Pacific Redonda 2 you travel via

Limited"Santa Barbara "COURTESY""The StandSanta Monica "Overland ard Lines of Huntington Beach CAREFUL ATTENExpress"San Diego TION to details"the West"

Excursion Tickets on sale daily By These each operAutomatic

June 1st to September 30th ating employee Electric

Stopovers and Diof the Safety Block verse Routes Signal Protection Write for California Literature

TICKET OFFICE, 10 E. 3d South pledges his faith

T. C. PECK, J. H. MANDERFIELD, CITT TICKET OFFICE

6.P.A., Los Angeles A.G.P.A., Salt Lake City HOTEL UTAH

SALT LAKE CITT WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE "ERA'

During the June Conference, make it a point to SEE TAYLOR BROS.

about RUBY VALLEY LANDS Get the free booklet and ask all the questions it brings to your mind.

Ruby Valley is a great big opportunity.

Find out about it.

TAYLOR BROTHERS, Agents HOTEL UTAH - - SALT LAKE CITY

PROTECT!!

Your dependent ones and yourself with a policy in the

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. of Utah

A HOME COMPANY Jcueph F. Smith, President Lorenzo N. Stohl, VicePres. and General Mgr.

N. G. Stringham, Secretary

Lead all companies in Utah in amount of New Insurance written during past three years

HOME OFFICE, VERMONT BUILDING - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Buy the Wagon that runs 40 per cent Lighter

Why shouldn't you when every other good wagon quality goes along with It?

LISTEN HEKE—You pay the sarnr as for a high grade wooaen wagon and you get twice

the life of the best wooden wagon ma<ie.

It's a matter of simple ecouomy. Figure It out for yourself. No drying apart, no resetting of tires, no breaKdowns, no repair bl Is. Auy way you look at it the cheapest

wagon you can buy Is the DWENPORT ROLLERBEARING STEEL WAGON

ALL STEEL GEARING. Angles, I-beams and channels, steel In its strongest forms,

hot welded and put together like a bridge. STEEL WHEELS that are genuine trusse-,

weight borne by all parts of the wheel alike. HUB LIKE AN AUTOMBILE. Straight

splnil s, nottaperiug. ROLLERBEARINGS that are enclosed and protected from all

mud, water, sand and dust. OIL without removing wheels. SAVE YOUR HORSE

FLESH AND SAVE YOUR POCKET BOOK. No other wagon like the Davenport, none as

good. Don't buy a wagon till you know all about It. Our catalog will explain all.

Write for It today CONSOLIDATED WAGON & MACHINE CO., "o'SiirS,.*"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE "ERA-