I* I CHAUD PETERS

iwrovejwt

\t

1912 No. 4 Vol. XV. FEBRUARY,

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUM

THE YOUNG MENS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT 6

ASSOCIATIONS,AND THE 5CHOOU5 OF THE

CHURCH OF JE.5US CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS.

PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE G EKE RAJBOARD AT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. * f

Scenic Line of the World

THROUGH PULLMAN

and TOURIST SLEEPERS to BEFORE THE SMOKE DENVER CLEARS AWAY

On your firestricken shop, factory, ST. LOUIS

o fice or store, you can resume business if insured with us. No long and

in adjusting,unnecessary delays no CHICAGOhaggling over but terms; prompt paymrnt of losses every time. It's to our

again—weinteest to canget youinsurepet youup inagain.business For I.Folders,A. BENTON,Booklets,G. A.etc.P.addressD.,

HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTAH Salt Lake City, Utah

Agents.Heber J. Grant & Co.

2026 So. Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah

BOTH PHONES 351 Jos, Wm Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Emtulmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel. Pnyafe

Parlor, Show Rooms and Morgus OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT

21, 23 and 25 South West Temple St.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Established 1889 Capital, $200,000

Utah Commercial The and Savings Bank A 01 Interest, computed semiannually, State Bank of Utah * 10 on Savings Deposits. Salt Lake City, Utah Established 1890

Commercial Banking in all its branches. Accoun.s of Banks and InThis Bank solicits the accounts

dividuals solicited. Customers assured of banks, firms and individuals, and

the best accommodations consistent extends to such customers every with conservative and safe banking. reasonable courtesy and facility.

F. Smith, Pres. Chas. S. Burton, CashierWm. F. Armstrong, Byron Qroo, Jossph

Anthon H. Lund, V. Pres. H.T. McEwan, Asst. Cash President. Cashier.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA)

Special Low Prices on L.D.S. Knitted Garments

During January and February, or as long as this stock lasts. These garments are made of first class materials in every respect, the same as our

regular stock—some of them are slightly soiled with a drop or two of oil

from the knitting machines, or a stitch has been dropped in knitting. They

have to be examined very carefully to notice these things. These garments

will sell rapidly at these remarkably low prices. 20 to 40 per cent Reductions.

GROUP "R"GROUP "S"Fine weave, bleached cotton; suitBleached and unbleached cotton

able for spring or summer wear. garments. Medium light weight, for

Regular 75c to 90c garments. warm weather. Regular $1.00 to $1.25

garments.

SPECIAL PRICE 59c PAIR SPECIAL PRICE 78c PAIR

Postage 12c extra per pair Postage 16c extra per pair

GROUP "T"GROUP "U"Made of selected cotton. Some Consists of double back tuck stitch,

heavy weave, fleece lined, and some heavy fleece lined, unbleached, and are medium heavy ribbed, not fleeced; an excellent medium heavy grade of

unbleached. Regular $1.25 to $1.40 hleacbed and unbleached cot'on gargarments. ments. Regular $1.40 to $1.75 garments.

SPECIAL PRICE 96c PAIR OUR SPECIAL PRICE $1.10

Postage 20c extra Postage 22c extra per pair

GROUP "V"GROUP "W"Wool and cotton mixed. Very Wool and cotton mixed. Extra

serviceable and warm. Well made. high grade. Very durable and warm.

Regular $1.75 to $2.00 garments. Regular $2.50 to $3.00 garments.

SPECIAL PRICE $1.39 SPECIAL PRICE $1.76

Postage 20c extra per pair Postage 22c extra

Give Bust, Height and Weight when ordering. Money refunded if not

satisfied. With every $5.00 garment order received during January and

February, we send free a beautiful premium.

STYLISH NECKWEAR FOR LADIES AT BARGAIN PRICES

Dutch Collars, Beautiful Lace and Embroidery Designs. Very fine quality.

All new stock and latest patterns. Postage 2c extra each collar.

of handNo. 61 B—A pretty assortment of No. 60B—An assortment

some Dutch Collars, for Ladies, MisDutch Collars. Richly embroidered

ses and Children. Regular price 35c designs. Regular price 25c.

to 40c. BARGAIN PRICE 13c

BARGAIN PRICE 17c EACH TWO FOR 24c TWO FOR 31c

No. and Belts. Misses'flOB—Ladies'

beautiful No. 2B—A beautiful assortment line of Persian designs, of A

Ladies'Stock Collars. Made of fine with artistic belt buckles. Latest

lace, handsomely trimmed. Regular styles. Regular 50c to 75c values.

25c to 35c values. BARGAIN PRICE 21c

BARGAIN PRICE 14c TWO FOR 39c TWO FOR 26c Postage 4c. extra each belt

West's Mail Order House, Salt Lake City (When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.,

Our Seed and Nursery Book for 1912 is just brimming full of information that means Dollars to every

Planter. As well as telling the plain truth about some of the

Best Seeds, Trees and Shrubs that grow, it gives the results of extensive Soil Tests on Seeds at our Centerville Trial Grounds.

The first edition of 20,000 copies will be ready to mail about

January 1st.

Every Planter is Entitled to a Free Copy.

Mention this paper and write for it today

PORTERWALTON CO.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Music and Drama for M I. A. Entertainments

After consulting some of the best dramatic critics of the state, the Committee on Music and Drama of the Y. M. M. I. A. have the following list of

farces, dramas and musical entertainments to offer. These entertainments

may be purchased at the book stores, and specifically at the Deseret News

Book Store, Salt Lake City:

"My Wife's Bonnet,"one act farce, by J; M. Morton. Modern costumes.

Time 50 minutes, two interior scenes, three males and four female characters.

''one act farce, by J. M. Morton. Modern costume. 'ISend Me Five Shillings

Time one hour. One interior scene. Five males and two female characters.

''Box and Cox,"one act farce, by J. M. Morton. One bedroom scene. Time

45 minutes, modern costumes. Two male and one female characters.

"My Lord in Livery,"one act farce, by S. T. Smith. Modern costumes,

-time one hour, one interor scene, four males, three females.

"Snowball "comedy in three acts, by S. Grundy. Modern costume. Time

two hours, one interior scene. Three female and four male characters.

. "Jane,"three acts, by Harry Nicholls. Modern costume. Time'two"hours.

One interior scene. Five males and four, females.

"A Box of Monkeys,"two acts. Modern costume. One interior. Girls'

Experience in New York. Time one and onefourth hours..

"Op-o'-meThumb,"one act drama, by Fenn and Pryce. Modern costumes.

Time two and threefourths hours. Two interior scenes. Five male and three

"Caste,"comedy in three acts, by T. W. Robertson. Modern costume.

iTme two and threefourths hours. Two interior scenes. Five male and three

female characters. '

"Sweet Lavender,"drama in three acts, by A. W. Pinero. Modern costume. Time two and threefourths hours. One interior scene. Seven male

and four female characters.

"The Man from Maine,"drama in five acts, by Charles Townsend. Modern

costume. Time two and onefourth hours. Nine male and three female

characters.

"Uncles Will,"one act comedy, by S. T. Smith. Modern costume. Time

forty minutes. One interior scene. Two male and one female characters.

"Golden Wedding,"one act comedy, by Phillpotts and Groves. Modern

costumes. Time fortyfive minutes. One interior scene. Two males and one

female. ""Kerry,"one act French comedy, by D. Boucicault. Modern costumes.

Time forty minutes. Interior scene. Four males and two females.

"Highland Legacy,"one act drama, by B Thomas. Modern costume. Time

forty minutes. One interior scene. Five male and two female characters.

"Mrs. Hilary Regrets,"one act comedy, by S. T. Smith. Modern costumes.

Time thirtyfive minutes. One interior scene. Two male and one female

characters.

"Sweethearts,''comedy in two acts, by W. S. Gilbert. Modern costumes.

Time fiftyfive minutes. One exterior scene. Two female and two male

characters.

"Our Boys,"three act comedy, by H. J. Bryan. Modern costumes. Time

two hours Three interior scenes. Six male and four female characters.

"Scrap of Paper,"comic drama in three acts, by J. P. Simpson. Modern

costumes. Time two hours. Three interior scenes. Six male and six female

characters.

"Confusion,"comedy in three acts, by Derrick. Modern costumes. Time

two hours. One interior scene throughout. Six male and four female characters.

"The Open Gate,"one act, by C. H. Chambers. Modern costume. Time

forty minutes. Half interior and half exterior scene. Two male and two female

characters.

"A Clerical Error,"one act comedy, by A. Jones. Modern costume. Time

forty minutes. One interior scene. Three male and one female characters.

"A Happy Pair,"one act comedy, by S. T. Smith. Modern costume. Time

forty minutes. One interior scene. One male and one female.

"Sympathetic Souls,"one act comedy, by S. Grundy. Modern costume.

Time thirtyfive minutes. One interior scene. Two male and two female

characters.

"Old Cronies,"one act comedy, by S.T. Smith. Modern costumes. Time

twentyfive minutes. One interior scene and two male characters.

"School,"four act comedy, by T.W. Robertson. Modern costumes. Time

two and threefourths hours. Two interior and two exterior scenes. Six male

and nine female characters.

"Captain Walrus,", one act; by A. H. Laidlaw, Jr., and Moders. Time fifty

minutes. Modern costumes. One male and two 'females.

"My Uncle from India,"comedy in four acts, by H. Sander. Nine males

and four female characters. Two interior and one exterior scenes. Time two

and onehalf hours. Modern costumes.

"Alabama,'three act drama, by A. Thomas. Eight males and lour females.

Time two hours. Oldtime costumes.

"One of the Eight,"three act comedy, by Swartout. Time two and onehalf hours. Ten male and four female characters. Modern college costumes.

The following musical performances are suggested:

"Sylvia,"operetta in two acts, by RhysHerbert, published by J. Fisher

& Bro., 7-11 Bible House, New York.

"Pauline,"operetta in two acts, by Charles H. Gabriel, published by Fillmore Bros., 528 Elm street, Cincinnati, Ohio.

"The Nautical Knot,"operetta in two acts, by RhysHerbert, published by

J. Fisher & Bros., 7-11 Bible House, New York.

"Priscilla, 'comic opera in two acts, by Thomas W. Surette, published by

Boston Music Co., Boston, Mass.

"Phyllis,"operatic cantata in two parts, by George F. Root, published by

John Church Co., Cincinnati, Ohio.

"Ruth,"a sacred cantata, by Alfred R. Gaul, published by Lyon & Healy,

Chicago, 111.

"The Holy City,"a sacred cantata, by Alfred R. Gaul, published by Lyon

& Healy, Chicago, 111.

"Saul,"a dramatic cantata, by Charles H. Gabriel, published by Fillmore

Bros. Co., 421 Elm street, Cincinnati, Ohio.

"The Daughter of Jairus,"a sacred cantata, by John Stainer, published by Schirmer, New York.

of Charles Malan Radley, a Address wanted—I want to know the address

native of Ireland, late of South Africa, believed to be now residing in one of the "Mormon"settlements. The inquirer is his brother, James H. Radley, address, Silver City, Juab County, Utah, late of Rosedale road, Birkenhead,

Cheshire, England.

Frank A. Brinton, Coalville, Utah, January 1, writes: "The 'Era'is part

of my family life."

Elder Vernon J. Clark, writing from South Bend, Indiana, says: "I take

great pleasure in reading the 'Era.'It is a great help to the elders.'

The Utah Savings and Trust Co., a good place to do banking business, by

the by, has issued a beautiful calendar for 1912, with a first class large picture of the battleship "Utah,"plowing the deep waters.

Elder Vance D. Walker, writing from Norwich, England, says: "All the

elders laboring in this conference thank the promoters of the 'Era'for this periodical. It is indeed a great aid in missionary work—a missionary in itself."

H. M. Whitaker, president of the Georgia conference, writes, December 12:

"The 'Improvement Era'is a very welcome visitor to the elders in the field.

For a good, clean, wholesome and instructive magazine, I think it is unequaled."

IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1912.

Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F. Smith, \ p,., Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, / Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The Great Temple Frontispiece The House of the Lord. Introduction 289

"The House of the Lord,"Temples, Ancient and Modern. Illustrated Dr. James E. Talmage 291

The Pharisee and the Publican Judge Henry H. Rolapp 311

Elders of Leeds Conference, England 315

Kimberley and the Diamond Fields. Illustrated Alfred J. Gowers, Jr 316

History of the Y. L. M. I. A 321

Washington and Mount Vernon. A Poem.

Illustrated Alfred Lambourne 322

Special Exercises in the M. I. A Horace G. Whitney 323

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated 329

The Valley of Rasel-Nasir. A Story Hamilton Gardner 334

Portrait and Sketch of Charles W. Penrose Edward H. Anderson 340

A Chip or Two Hewn from the Tree of Life J. T. Barrett 344

A Prayer. A Poem 345

Portrait and Sketch of Dr. James E. Talmage 346

True Riches. A Poem Christian N. Anderson 349

The Open Road. Adventures VII. and VIII. John Henry Evans 350

Elders of Jamestown, North Dakota 358

From Nauvoo to Salt Lake. XII Moroni Snow 359

Elders of Louisiana Conference 362

Tribute to Erastus Snow Heber J. Grant 363

The Gate City Quartet 366 A Young Sculptor Edward H. Anderson 367

Elders of Fremont, Nebraska 369

Editor's Table—Everyday Affairs (Concluded) Prest. Joseph F. Smith 370

Two Corrections 374 Messages from the Missions 374

Priesthood Quorums'Table—How to Take

Up a Leson—A Deacon with a Good

Record—Local Missionary Work—Commendable Resolutions 376

Out of Doors in the West 379 Passing Events 380 "The House of the Lord 9$

Announcement has already been made by the First Presilency of the Church to the effect that a book dealing with the subject of temples and temple work is now in course of preparation and will shortly be published. The book will appear under

the expressive title, The House of the Lord, and the author of the forthcoming volume is Dr. James E. Talmage. The work will

deal with the templebuilding spirit as characteristic of the Church of Christ, and with the temples of historic interest in former ages, as also with those of the present dispensation. A detailed description

of the great Temple in Salt Lake City will be a prominent feature of the book, and this description will be illustrated by approximately fifty fullpage plates, showing in fine photogravure every room in the great structure. There will be also illustrations

of other existing temples, and reproductions of the best and most reliable pictures of the temples of old. It is intended that the

work shall be published in the best style possible, including pictures of the highest order. The letterpress matter will probably

range from 150 to 200 pages. We are very fortunate in being

permitted to present to our readers the first chapter of this important work. This chapter is in the nature of a preview of the

entire subject, the several topics of which will be taken up and treated at length in their proper places in the body of the work.

The illustrations presented in connection with this article are selected from among numerous photographs already prepared for use in the forthcoming book, The House of the Lord. The

photographs were made by Ralph Savage, of the C. R. Savage

Company, Salt Lake City, and every picture is excellent. The

brief description printed in connection with each picture is taken from a later chapter in Dr. Talmage's book, which chapter deals

at length with the interior of the great Temple.

The plates, copyrighted by President Joseph F. Smith, 191 1,

for the Church, are loaned to the Era by courtesy of Benjamin

Goddard, of the Bureau of Information, publishers of A Description of the Great Temple, by D. M. McAllister. The Editors.

I I

THE GREAT TEMPLE, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

On the principal Inscription Stone, which is set above the windows in the center tower at the east end, appears the following in deeply graven letters faced with gold:

HOLINESS TO THE LORD The House of the Lord, built by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Commenced April 6, 1853. Completed April 6, 1893.

In one of the upper rooms there is a splendid art window which presents a picture of the completed building, with side inscriptions as follows:

Corner Stone laid April 6, 1853, Dedicated April 6, 1893, by Presiby President Brigham Young, Asdent Wilford Woodruff, Assisted sisted by his Counsellors, Heber by his Counsellors, George Q.

C. Kimball, Willard Richards. Cannon, Joseph F. Smith.

These memorial tablets in stone and jeweled glass give in succinct form the essentials as to dates in the history of the great Temple.

Vol. XV. FEBRUARY, 1912 No. 4

"The House of the Lord"

Temples, Ancient and Modern*

BY ELDER JAMES E. TALMAGE, OF THE QUORUM OF THE

TWELVE APOSTLES

Both by derivation and common usage the term "temple,"in its literal application, is of restricted and specific meaning.

The essential idea of a temple is and ever has been that of a place specially set apart for service regarded as sacred, and of real or assumed sanctity.

The Latin Templum was the equivalent of the Hebrew Beth

Elohitn, and signified the abode of a deity; hence, as associated

with divine worship, it meant literally the House of the Lord.**

Structures inclosing sanctuaries, temples, as the term is technically applied, have been erected alike by worshippers of idols and by the followers of the true and living God. The numerous

heathen temples of antiquity were regarded as abiding places of the mythical gods and goddesses whose names they bore, and to whose service the structures were dedicated. While the outer

purlieus of such temples were used as places of general assembly and public ceremony, there were always inner precincts, into which only the consecrated priests might enter, and wherein, it was claimed, the presence of the deity was manifest. The altar

of pagan worship stood not within the temple proper, but in front of the entrance. The temple, considered as an institution, and as

the material embodiment of a principle, has never been regarded as a place of ordinary and public assembly, but as a sacred en-

*Copyright, 1912, by James E. Talmage.

**Consider in this connection the significance of the name "Bethel"a contraction of "Beth Elohim"—as applied bv Jacob to the place

where the Lord was manifest to him. Said he, "Surely the Lord

is in this place * * * And he called the name of that place 'Bethel'."

(Gen. 28: 1019.)

292 IMPROVEMENT ERA

closure devoted to the most solemn rites and ceremonies of that particular system of worship, idolatrous or Divine, of which the temple stood as visible symbol and material type.

The people of Israel were of old distinguished among nations as the builders of temples to the living God; and this service

was specifically required of them by Jehovah, whom they professed to serve. Israel's history as a nation dates from the exodus.

During the two centuries of their enslavement in Egypt, the children of Jacob had grown to be a numerous and a powerful people;

nevertheless they were in bondage. In due time, however, their

sorrows and supplication came up before the Lord, and he led them forth with the outstretched arm of power. No sooner had

they escaped from the environment of Egyptian idolatry, than they were required to prepare a sanctuary, wherein Jehovah would manifest His presence and authority. Note the requirement:

And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying 1. Speak unto the children of

Israel, that they bringme an offering: of every man that giveth it

willingly with his heart ye shall take my offering. And this is the

offering which ye shall take of them; gold, and silver, and brass, And

blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen, and goats'hair, And rams'skins dyed red, and badgers'skins, and shittim wood, Oil for the light, spices for anointing oil. and for sweet incense, Onyx stones, and stones

to be set in the ephod. and in the breastplate. And let them make me

a sanctuary; that I may dwell among them. According to all that I

shew thee, after the pattern of the tabernacle, and the pattern of all the instruments thereof, even so shall ye make it.*

It may be inferred, and indeed there is good reason for believirlg, that during their period of bondage the children of Israel had raised some structure of preeminent sacredness, and that in their hurried departure from Egypt they carried with them at least the essential parts of that sanctuary.

We read that prior to the construction of the tabernacle, and indeed at the very beginning of their journey into the wilderness, the pepole had a certain depository for sacred things, known as the "Testimony."This is definitely mentioned in connection with

the following incident. Under divine direction a vessel of manna

was to be preserved, lest the people should forget the power and goodness of God, by which they had been fed

And Moses said. This is the thing which the Lord commandeth, Fill

an omer of it to be kept for your generations; that they may see the

bread wherewith I have fed you in the wilderness, when I brought you forth from the land of Egypt. And Moses said unto Aaron. Take

a pot, and put an omer full of manna therein, and lay it up before

*Exo. 25:1-9.

>2 cef= e

gT3—cS to >> u

l>t o js =

a) t- oCf-i to c +"> 4. CO

(3 o>.—CJ cot"Hh O j>> to, O X o-s -d o ri

ftN 3j = > fc;

fe a> cu 4> h.c

.. j -m to O o> CO-,

+j 3jS -*>to S CO S-—>co +->cj

to t-> > 4) o ft

*J.o'd'o S

*J fife XI C (3 S3

S3 1 to -COs- o a>X S3 i-a) 3 p,

tfi,2>>."S *-"to tn co

o > o'H c CO S3 4) to -i,Q O4) as to ft t< 4 i 4)—-o Sw-M 4> CO Mw to ta 4>

- -">o 2;o (3+Jfi—0)> o oj 2

4) H

4) 4) +j"ni to 4) rn to 4) zH3 rjr<w.

<t-l CO l> O 10 4) 294 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the Lord, to he kept for your generations. As the Lord commanded

Moses, so Aaron laid it up before the Testimony, to be kept.*

There appears little room for doubt that the "Testimony"here referred to was a material structure regarded as a sanctuary, and that its name is suggestive of divine witness as to its sacred character. Inasmuch as the account of the exodus contains no

mention of the preparation of such a structure, and moreover as its existence and use were definitely affirmed before the people had had time or opportunity to shape it in the wilderness, it would seem that they must have brought the sacred "Testimony"with them from Egypt. This incident is of interest and importance

as indicating the existence of a holy sanctuary during the formative stages of Israel's growth as a nation, and while the people were in subjection to idolatrous rulers. History makes plain the

fact that the Lord's covenant people have always recognized the need of sanctuaries or temples sacred to His name.

The Tabernacle of the Congregation, constructed in accordance with a revealed plan and specifications, was a portable structure, such as the exigencies of migration required. It was little more

than a tent, indeed, though made of the best, most prized, and costliest materials the people possessed. This condition of excellence was most appropriate and fitting, for the finished structure was a nation's offering unto the Lord. Its construction was

prescribed in minutest detail, both as to design and material; it

was in every respect the best the people could give, and Jehovah sanctified the proffered gift by His divine acceptance. In passing,

let us be mindful of the fact that whether it be the gift of a man or a nation, the best, if offered willingly and with pure intent, is always excellent in the sight of God, however poor by other comparison that best may be.

To the call for material wherewith to build the Tabernacle, there was such willing and liberal response that the need was more than met: "For the stuff that they had was sufficient for all

the work to make it, and too much."** Proclamation was made

accordingly, and the people were restrained from bringing more.

The artificers and workmen engaged in the labor of construction were designated by direct revelation, or chosen by divinely ap-

*Exo. 16:3234.

**Exo. 36:7.

"THE HOUSE OF THE LORD"295

pointed authority with special reference to their skill and devotion.

The completed Tabernacle was a rich and costly fabric.

Its frames were of rare woods, its inner hangings of fine linen, elaborately embroidered with prescribed designs, in blue, purple, and scarlet; its middle and outer curtains of choice skins; its

metal parts of brass, silver, and gold.

Within the tabernacle enclosure, and surrounding the main structure, was a court, in which stood the altar of sacrifice, and the laver or font. The first apartment of the Tabernacle proper

was an outer room, or Holy Place; and beyond this, screened

from observation by the second vail, was the inner sanctuary, the

Holiest Place, specifically known as the Holy of Holies. In the

appointed order, only the priests were permitted to enter the outer apartment; while to the inner place, the "holiest of all,"none but

the high priest might be admitted, and he but once a year, and then only after a long course of purification and sanctification.*

Among the most sacred appurtenances of the Tabernacle was the Ark of the Covenant. This was a casket or chest, made

of the best wood obtainable, lined and overlaid with pure gold, and provided with four rings of gold to receive the rods or poles used in carrying the ark during travel. The ark contained certain objects of sacred import, such as the golden pot of manna,

preserved as a remembrance; and to this were afterward added

Aaron's rod that budded, and the tablets of stone inscribed by the hand of God. When the tabernacle was set up in the camp of

Israel, the Ark was placed within the inner vail, in the Holy of

Holies.

Resting upon the ark was the Mercy Seat, surmounted by a pair of cherubims, made of beaten gold. From this seat did the

Lord manifest His presence, even as promised before either Ark or

Tabernacle had been made And there I will meet with thee, and I will commune with thee from above the mercy seat, from between the two cherubims which are upon the ark of the testimony, of all thing's which I will give thee in commandment unto the children of Israel.**

its appurtenances No detailed description of the Tabernacle, or furniture, will be attempted at this place; it is sufficient for

our present purpose to know that the camp of Tsrael had such a

*Heb. 9:1-7.

**Exo. 25:22.

296 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sanctuary; that it was constructed according to revealed plan as

the people's offering to their God, and that it was duly accepted by Him;* that it was the embodiment of the best they could give

both as to material and workmanship; and that in all essential

particulars the Tabernacle of the Congregation was a prototype of the more stable and magnificent Temple by which in course of time it was superseded.

When Israel had become established in the land of promise, when, after four decades of wandering in the wilderness, the covenant people possessed at last a Canaan of their own, the

Tabernacle of the Congregation, with all its sacred contents, was given a resting place in Shiloh; and thither came the tribes to

learn the will and word of God.** Afterward it was removed to

Gibeon*** and yet later to the City of David, or Zion.f

In process of time the Israelites grew weary of the theocratic government under which they had lived and prospered, and they clamored for a king. David, the second king of Israel, desired and planned to build a house unto the Lord, declaring that

it was unfit that he, the king, should dwell in a palace of cedar, while the sanctuary of God was but a tent.| But the Lord spake

by the mouth of Nathan the prophet, declining the proposed offering, and making plain the fact that to be acceptable unto him it was not enough that the gift be appropriate, but that the giver must also be worthy. David, king of Israel, though in many

respects a man after God's own heart, had sinned; and his sin

had not yet found atonement. Thus spake the king: "I had in

mine heart to build an house of rest for the ark of the covenant of the Lord, and for the footstool of our God, and had made ready for the building: But God said unto me, Thou shalt not

build an house for my name, because thou hast been a man of war, and hast shed blood."|| Nevertheless, David was permitted

to gather the material for the House of the Lord, which edifice not he, but Solomon, his son, should build.

Soon after Solomon's accession to the throne he set about the labor, which, as heritage and honor, had come to him with his crown. He laid the foundation in the fourth year of his reign,

*Exo. 40:3438.

::: *Josh. 18:1; see also 19:51; 21:2; Judges 18:31; I Sam. 1:3, 24; 4:3,4.

***I Chron. 21:29; II Chron 1:3.

til Sam. 6:12; II Chron. 5:2.

ill Sam. 7:2.

I'll Chron. 28:2, 2; compare II Sam. 7:1-13.

1 "3 to 'in

1 d 5 ai"-.. CD t. J K "298 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and the buildingwas completed within seven years. With the

great wealth accumulated by his kingly father and specifically reserved for the building of the Temple, Solomon was able to put the known world under tribute, and to enlist the cooperation of nations in his great undertaking. The temple workmen numbered scores of thousands, and every department was in charge

of master craftsmen. To serve on the great structure in any

capacity was an honor; and labor acquired a dignity never before

recognized. Masonry became a profession, and the graded orders

therein established have endured until this day. The erection of

the Temple of Solomon was an epochmaking event, not alone in the history of Israel, but in that of the world.

According to commonly accepted chronology, the Temple was finished in the year 1005 B. C. In architecture and construction, in design and costliness, it is known as one of the most

remarkable buildings of history. The dedicatory services lasted

seven of holy rejoicing in Israel. With imposing days—a week

ceremony, the Tabernacle of the Congregation, including the sacred Ark of the Covenant, was brought into the Temple; and the

Ark was deposited in the inner sanctuary, the Holy of Holies.

The Lord's gracious acceptance was manifest in the cloud that filled the sacred chambers as the priests withdrew: "So that the

priests could not stand to minister by reason of the cloud: for

the glory of the Lord had filled the house of God."* Thus did

the Temple supersede and include the Tabernacle, of which, indeed, it was a gorgeous counterpart.

A comparison of the plan of Solomon's Temple with that of the earlier Tabernacle shows that in all essentials of arrangement and proportion the two were so nearly alike as to be practically identical. True, the Tabernacle had but one enclosure,

and that only one hundred and eighty feet by ninety feet, while f he Temple was surrounded by three courts, the outer wall being half a mile in circuit; but the inner structure itself, the Temple

proper, closely followed the earlier design. The dimensions of

the Holy of Holies, the Holy Place, and the porch, were in the

Temple exactly double those of the corresponding parts in the

Tabernacle.

The glorious preeminence of this splendid structure was of brief duration. Thirtyfour years after its dedication, and but

*II Chron. 5:14; see also 71:2, and compare Exo. 40:35.

"THE HOUSE OF THE LORD"299

five years subsequent to the death of Solomon, its decline began and this decline was soon to become an actual spoliation, if not indeed a virtual desecration. Solomon the king, the man of wisdom, the masterbuilder, had been led astray by the wiles of

idolatrous women, and his wayward ways had fostered iniquity in Israel. The nation was no longer a unit; there were factions

and sects, parties and creeds, some worshipping on the hilltops, others under green trees, each party claiming preeminence for its own particular shrine.

The gift had been depreciated by the perfidy of the giver, and Jehovah withdrew his protecting presence from the Temple.

The Egyptians, from whose bondage the people had been delivered, were again permitted to oppress Israel. Shishak, king of

city of David and the site ofEgypt, captured Jerusalem—thethe Holy Temple—"and he took away the treasures of the house

of the Lord."* The Temple passed into the possession of pagans,

and when Rehoboam, the king, "attempted to enter the sacred precincts, he was debarred.** Shishak and his hosts carried away the

treasures of the once holy house; the glorious Temple was largely

despoiled. Jehovah, whose house it was, relinquished the gift

when the love of the giver had waned. Part of the sacred furniture left by the Egyptians was taken by others, and by them bestowed upon idols.*** The work of desecration continued through

centuries. Two hundred and sixteen years after the Egyptian

spoliation, Ahaz, king of Judah, robbed the Temple of some remaining treasures, and sent part of its remnant of gold and silver as a present to a pagan king whose favor he sought to gain.

Furthermore, he removed the altar and the font, and left but a house where once had stood a Temple.f Later, Nebuchadnezzar,

king of Babylon, completed the despoiling of the Temple, and carried away the few remaining treasures. He then destroyed

the building itself by fire.t

Thus, about six hundred years before the earthly advent of our Lord, Israel was left without a temple. The people had diatvided; there were two kingdoms—Israel and Judah—each

enmity with the other; they had become idolatrous and altogether

*I Kings 14:25, 26.

**I Kings 14:27, 28.

***II Chron. 24:7.

fll Kings 15:7-9; see also II Chron. 28:24, 25.

til Chron. 36:18, 19; see also II Kings 24:13; 25:9.

300 IMPROVEMENT ERA

wicked; the Lord had rejected them and their sanctuary. The

Kingdom of Israel, comprising approximately ten of the twelve tribes, had been made subject to Assyria about 721 B. C, and a

century later the Kingdom of Judah was subdued by the Babylonians. For seventy years the people of Judah—thereafter

known as Jews—remained in captivity, even as had been predicted.* Then, under the friendly rule of Cyrus** and Darius***

they were permitted to return to Jerusalem, and once more to establish a Temple in accordance with their faith. In remembrance

of the director of the work, the restored Temple is known in history as the Temple of Zerubbabel. The foundations were laid

with solemn ceremony; and on that occasion living veterans who

remembered the earlier Temple, wept with joy.f In spite of legal

technicalities and other obstructions, the work continued, and within twenty years after their return from captivity the Jews had a Temple ready for dedication. The Temple of Zerubbabel was

finished 515 B. C, specifically on the third day of the month of

Adar, in the sixth year of the reign of Darius the king. The

dedicatory services followed immediately. || While this temple

was greatly inferior to the splendid Temple of Solomon, it was nevertheless the best a despoiled and captive people could build, and the Lord accepted it as an offering typifying the love and devotion of his covenant children. In proof of this divine acceptance, witness the ministrations of such prophets as Zechariah,

Haggai, and Malachi, within its walls.

In many respects the Temple of Zerubbabel was inferior to its splendid in certain prototype—the Temple of Solomon; and

particulars, indeed, it ranked lower than the ancient Tabernacle of the the nomadic tribes. Critical Congregation—sacred to

scholars specify the following features characteristic of the Temple of Solomon and lacking in the Temple of Zerubbabel: ( 1 ) the

Ark of the Covenant; (2) the sacred fire; (3) the Shekinah, or

glory of the Lord, manifested of old as the Divine Presence; (4)

the Urim and Thummim, by which Jehovah made plain His will to the priests of the Aaronic order; (5) the genius or spirit of

*Jer. 25:11, 12; 29:10.

**Ezra, chaps. 1 and 2.

***Ezra, chap. 6.

fEzra 3:12, 13.

JEzra 4:4-24.

1 1 Ezra 6:1522.

302 IMPROVEMENT ERA

prophecy, indicative of the closest communion between mortals and their God. In spite of these deficiencies the Temple of Zerubbabel was recognized of God, and was undoubtedly the site or

seat of divine revelations to duly constituted prophets.

In the year 37 Ij. C., Herod, known in history as Herod the

Great, ascended the throne as King of the Jews. Possibly with

intent to gain favor with the Jews, though perhaps with sincere and devoted purpose, he resolved to restore and practically reconstruct the decayed and generally ruinous Temple of Zerubbabel. For five centuries that structure had stood, and doubtless

it was then a wreck of time. Herod began the reconstruction

about sixteen years before the birth of Christ. The work continued through practically one decade, in the course of which

eighteen thousand workmen were employed. During the.earthly

ministry of our Lord,* the work progressed, but history fails to affirm that the great structure was ever finished. Certain it is

that our Lord Jesus, while living as a man among men, recognized and acknowledged the Temple, as the one and only sanctuary of the Most High. Twice he strove by forcible means to cleanse

the Temple and to clear its sacred precincts from commercial pollution.**

It is evident from scripture that while opposed to the degraded and commercial ends to which the Temple had been betrayed, Christ recognized and acknowledged the sanctity of the

Temple precincts. The Temple of Herod was a sacred structure

by whatsoever name it might have been known, it was to Him the House of the Lord. And then, when the sable curtain descended upon the great tragedy of Calvary, when at last the agonizing

cry, "It is finished,"ascended from the Cross, the vail of the Temple was rent, and the onetime Holy of Holies was bared to public gaze. The absolute destruction of the Temple had been foretold

by our Lord, while yet He lived in the flesh. f In the year 70 A. D.

the Temple was utterly destroyed by fire in connection with the capture of Jerusalem by the Romans under Titus.

We have no record of temples on the eastern hemisphere in the apostolic age. During that period the Church of Christ seems

to have been without a central seat. As the great apostasy pro-

*See John 2:20.

**Matt. 21:1217; Mark 11:1519; Luke 19:4548. Compare an. earlier

cleansing of the Temple, John 2:1417.

fMatt. 24:2; Mark 13:2; Luke 21:6.

"THE HOUSE OF THE LORD'303

gressed, even the conception or idea of a temple seems to have been lost amongmen. For many centuries no offer of a temple

was made unto the Lord; indeed, it appears that no necessity of

a temple was recognized. The apostate church declared that direct communication from God had ceased, and the selfconstituted

government claimed supreme power. It is evident that, as far

as the Church was concerned, the voice of the Lord had been silenced; that the people were no longer willing to listen to the

word of revelation, and that the government of the Church had been abrogated by human agencies.*

When, in the reign of Constantine, a perverted Christianity became the religion of state, the need of a place wherein God could reveal Himself was still utterly unseen or ignored. True,

many edifices, most of them costly and imposing, were erected.

These were dedicated to Peter and Paul, to James and John, to the Magdalene and the Virgin, but not one was raised by authority and name to the honor of Jesus, the Christ. Among the multitude

of chapels and shrines, of churches and cathedrals, the Son of

Man had not a place He could call His own. It was declared that

the Pope, sitting in Rome, was the vicegerent of Christ, and that without revelation he was empowered to declare the will of God.**

Not until the Gospel was restored in the nineteenth century, with its ancient powers and privileges, was the Priesthood manifest again among men. The Priesthood is essential to a Temple,

and a Temple is void without its sacred authority.

In the year of our Lord 1820, Joseph Smith, the prophet of the latest dispensation, then a lad in his fifteenth year, received a divine manifestation,*** in which both the Eternal Father and His

Son, Jesus Christ, appeared and instructed the youthful suppliant.

Through Joseph Smith, the Gospel of old was restored to earth, and the ancient law was reestablished. In course of time, through

the ministry of the chosen prophet, the "Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints"was organized, and its establishment was marked by manifestations of divine power.f

It is a significant fact that the Church of Jesus Christ of

*See the author's "The Great Apostasy."

**See the author's "The Great Apostasy,"chap. X.

***See the author's "The Articles of Faith."Lecture 1. and references

thereto. tSee the author's "The Articles of Faith,"specifically Leo+ure 1, and notes thereon.

t

304 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Latterday Saints, true to the distinction it of being affirms—that

inthe Church of the living God, as its name proclaims—began

the very early days of its history to provide for the erection of a

Temple.* The Church was organized as an earthly bodycorporate

on the sixth of April, A. D. 1830; and, in July of the year following, a revelation was received designating the site of a future

temple near Independence, Jackson County, Missouri. The construction of a temple on this chosen spot is yet delayed, as is also

the case with another templesite in Far West, Missouri,** on which the corner stones were laid in 1838.

The Church holds as a sacred trust the commission to build the temples so located, but as yet the way has not been opened for the consummation of the plan. In the meantime temples in other

places have been reared, and already the modern dispensation is marked by the erection of six such sacred edifices. On the first

day of June, 1833, in a revelation to the prophet Joseph Smith, the Lord directed the immediate building of a holy house, in w hich He promised to endow His chosen servants with power and authority.*** The people responded to the call with willingness and

devotion. In spite of dire poverty and unrelenting persecution,

the work was carried to completion, and in March, 1836, the first

Temple of modern times was dedicated at Kirtland, Ohio.f The

dedicatory services were marked by divine manifestations comparable to those attending the offering of the great Temple of olden times; and on later occasions heavenly beings appeared

within the sacred precincts with revelations of the Divine will to man. In that place the Lord Jesus was again seen and heard.

Within two years from the time of its dedication the Kirtland Temple was abandoned by the people who built it; they were

forced to flee because of mobocratic violence, and with their departure the sacred Temple became an ordinary house, disowned of the Lord to whose name it had been reared. The building still

stands and is used as a meetinghouse by a small and comparatively unknown sect.

The migration of the Latterday Saints was to the west; and

they established themselves firt in Missouri, and later in Illinois

*See Doctrine and Covenants 36:8; 42:36; 133:2.

See Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 20.

Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 95.

tSee Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 109.

tSee Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 90.

306 IMPROVEMENT ERA

with Nauvoo as the central seat of the Church. Scarcely had they

become settled in their new abode when the voice of revelation was heard calling upon the people to again build a house sacred to the name of God. Thus spake the Lord:

And again, verily I say unto you, Let all my Saints come from afar; And send ye swift messengers, yea chosen messengers, and say unto them: come ye, with all your gold, and your silver, and your

precious stones, and with all your antiquities; and with all who have

knowledge of antiquities, that will come, may come, and bring the box tree, and the fir tree, and the pine tree, together with all the precious trees of the earth;

And with iron, with copper, and with brass, and with zinc, and with all your precious things of the earth, and build a house to my name, for the Most High to dwell therein;

For there is not a place found on earth that he may come and restore again that which was lost unto you, or which he hath taken away, even the fulness of the Priesthood;

For a baptismal font there is not upon the earth, that they, my

Saints, may be baptized for those who are dead;

For this ordinance belongeth to my house, and cannot be acceptable to me, only in the days of your poverty, wherein ye are not able to build a house unto me.

But I command you, all ye my Saints, to build a house unto me;

and I grant unto you a sufficient time to build a house unto me, and during this time your baptisms shall be acceptable unto me.

But behold, at the end of this appointment, your baptisms for jour dead shall not be acceptable unto me; and if you do not these

things at the end of the appointment, ye shall be rejected as a church, with your dead, saith the Lord your God.

For verily I say unto you, that after you have had sufficient time to build a house to me, wherein the ordinance of baptizing for the dead belongeth, and for which the same was instituted from before the foundation of the world, your baptisms for your dead cannot be acceptable unto me.

For therein are the keys of the holy Priesthood, ordained that you may receive honor and glory.

And after this time, your baptisms for the dead, by those who are scattered abroad, are not acceptable unto me saith the Lord;

For it is ordained that in Zion, and in her stakes, and in Jerusalem, those places which I have appointed for refuge, shall be the places for your baptisms for your dead.

And again, verily I say unto you, How shall your washings be acceptable unto me, except ye perform them in a house which you have built to my name?

For, for this cause I commanded Moses that he should build a tabernacle, that they should bear it with them in the wilderness, and z t:2dJ. < -. "2 ft*'t.

K ** 5 e H 3i g s

4> infaO. r- 4) "Z P E be i - >.,c -/.

"3; 5 e fi s C?jj:-E-,-"d; *j & *3 m

fa = J 03 O * K >."<M p. *aEh -nr-

**a. io Eh i) S r o o 'ftsdEto QO -3 c a t*<u k n c 2SWoHO kh - r1 a, 2- -"- *"'- -''*2

>> 0> G 7". - *o

jgfa d tm d <j m H< 03 O e c 03 SsJEhh-C s

hH fa

,fa.- C-—cj-c- Ck cC a;

C zz uEh Sj. -/----

a* "bJC >*2J= -r.i n

-—z cutfo ix n:- A-t- j. z - fa - g

U m.2 ------ p,;!jQ

fa 5 o t r *z f> - 2 ""tn 2

Z = C—Z-CO - cK. r T—-"- = fa -:: "tO X t.PL| ti

-: S 2 t Q

rf i>'S1 4) tnrr- >-C w ft Si < ftx < 308 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to build a house in the land of promise, that those ordinances might be revealed which had been hid from before the world was;

Therefore, verily I say unto you, that your anointings, and your washings, and your baptisms for the dead, and your solemn assemblies, and your memorials for your sacrilices, by the sons of Levi, and lor your oracles in your most holy places, wherein you receive conversations, and your statutes and judgments, for the beginning of the revelations and foundation of Zion, and for the glory, honor, and endowment of all her municipals, are ordained by the ordinance of my holy house which my people are always commanded to build unto my holy name.

And verily I say unto you, Let this house be built unto my name, that i may reveal mine ordinances therein, unto my people;

For I deign to reveal unto my church, things which have been kept hid from before the foundation of the world, things that pertain to the dispensation of the fulness of times.*

The corner stones of the Nauvoo Temple were laid April 6, 1841, and the capstone was placed in position May 24, 1845, each event being celebrated by a solemn assembly and sacred service.

Though it was evident that the people would be forced to flee again, and though all knew that the Temple would have to be abandoned soon after completion, they labored with might and diligence to finish and properly furnish the structure. It was

dedicated April 30, 1846, though certain portions, such as the baptistry, had been previously dedicated and used in sacred ordinance work. The dedication of the completed structure was

semiprivate, owing to impending persecution; dedicatory services

of a public nature followed, however. Many of the Saints received their blessings and holy endowments in the Nauvoo Temple, though even before the completion of the building the exodus

of the people had begun. The sacred structure was soon abandoned by those who in poverty and by sacrifice had reared it. In

November, 1848, it fell a prey to incendiary flames, and in May, 1850, a tornado demolished what remained of the blackened walls.

On the 24th of July, 1847, the "Mormon"pioneers entered the valleys of Utah, while yet the region was Mexican territory, and established a settlement where now stands Salt Lake City. Four

days later Brigham Young, prophet and leader, indicated a site in the sagebrush wastes, and, striking the arid ground with his staff, proclaimed, "Here will be the Temple of our God."That

Doctrine and Covenants 124:2541; consider the entire section.

SPIRAL, STAIRCASE IN MAIN ASSEMBLY ROOM

A staircase of this kind occupies each of the four corners of the large assembly room, extending from the main floor to the gallery. These are of interest as showing

that all parts of the great Temple are finished with equal care, though, of course, some are more elaborate than others. It would seem, indeed, that the builders had taken

to heart the poet's lesson:

"In the elder days of art Builders wrought with greatest care

Each minute and unseen part;

For the gods see everywhere."

310 IMPROVEMENT ERA

site is now the beautiful Temple block, around which the city has grown. In February, 1853, the Temple block was dedicated with

sacred service, and on the sixth of April following, the corner stones of the building were laid to the accompaniment of solemn and imposing ceremony. The Salt Lake City Temple was forty

years in building. The capstone was laid on the sixth of April,

1892, and the completed Temple was dedicated one year later.

Of the four temples already erected in Utah, the one in Salt

Lake City was first begun and the last finished. During its course

of construction thiee other temples were built by the Latterday

Saints, one at St. George, one at Logan, and one at Manti, Utah.

Kirtland, Ohio, and atAdd to these the two earlier temples—at

six of these sacred structures alNauvoo, Illinois—and we have

ready erected in the present and last dispensation of the PriestDispensation of the Fulness of Times.hood—the

It is not in line with the purposes of the present chapter to consider in detail any particular temple, either ancient or modern the writer's object has been to show the essential and distinguishing features of temples, and to make plain the fact that the covenant people have regarded the building of temples as a labor specifically required at their hands. From what has been said it

is plain that a temple is more than chapel or church, more than synagogue or cathedral; it is a structure erected as the House of

the Lord, sacred to the closest communion between the Lord himself and the Holy Priesthood, which constitutes the earthly embodiment of Divine authority, and devoted to the highest and most sacred rites and ceremonies characteristic of the age or dispensation to which the particular temple belongs. Moreover, to be

indeed a holy temple—accepted of God, and by Him acknowledged

called for, and both as His house—the offering must have been

gift and giver must be worthy. Furthermore, the design of the

temple must have been divinely revealed.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints proclaims that it is the possessor of the Holy Priesthood again restored to earth, and that it is invested with divine commission to erect and maintain temples, dedicated to the name and service temples—holy

of the true and living God, and to administer within those sacred structures the ordinances of the Priesthood, the effect of which shall be binding both on earth and beyond the grave.

The Pharisee and the Publican

BY JUDGE HENRY H. ROLAPP

The most unique features of the parables of Christ are their finished brevity, and their fitting application to ever present conditions. Nowhere else in literature do so few words at once tell

an easily remembered story, and at the same time so lastingly impress an always needed moral. No other stories so aptly reveal

the constant sameness of human situations among all generations and in all climes. No other narrative so readily changes history

of past events into reflections upon existing incidents. We read

of yesterday, but think of today. At each recital the oriental settings and the local actors of the parables are quickly obscured by

an intuitive suggestion to have them substituted with men and affairs of our own. The circumstances and persons whom the

Master mentions affect us but slightly, but we meditate much upon their striking resemblance to our own surroundings, and ponder earnestly whether they would suggest the same comments. Existing defects, heretofore indulgently accepted, suddenly appear

in a much more serious aspect; and attainments, formerly but

lightly regarded, now seem of infinitely greater importance. Our

view point is changed, and ill considered notions of right and wrong are modified. The judgment of mere popular approval is

discarded, and mankind divided into two new classes: one embracing those the Master would love, and the other those he would

criticize. The simple story of ages ago has done its work. Recorded truth is transmuted into active life. The seed of the past

has become the bloom of the present.

of this power of parable truth A most impressive illustration is found in the story of the Pharisee and the Publican. It is

recorded that upon a certain occasion, the Master met some individuals who had convinced themselves of their own superior piety, and who, by reason of this imaginary sanctity, had become blinded to the. possible merits of other people. They regarded

their neighbors as the embodiments of sin and unworthiness, and themselves as exclusively entitled to heavenly favor.

Such menalways act that way. They create for themselves

a standard of morality, which their own inclinations and environ-

312 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ments make easy of attainment, and then demand that the rest of mankind must conform thereto, or perish under Divine disapproval. But not satisfied with having made a law for the conduct

of others, they also invest themselves with authority to promptly inflict the threatened punishment in its human form. If anybody fails to adopt their selfcreated standards of holiness, they

forestall the expected celestial disfavor by visiting the offender with their personal censure and contempt.

In this attitude, common to all races and all ages, Christ recognized an opportunity to teach an everlasting moral lesson, and so related this simple little story

Two men went up to the temple to pray. One was a Pharisee

and the other a Publican. Now, a Pharisee was a type of person

whom the Savior, upon another occasion, described as one who paid tithes on mint and herbs, and observed the small, outward virtues of life, but who failed to distinguish a human failing from. a wilful sin, and wholly overlooked the love of God. A Publican,

upon the other hand, was a personality who did not always comply strictly with Jewish requirements, and whose environments gave opportunities for doing wrong. These facts afforded his selfrighteous neighbors an excuse for emphasizing and contrasting

their own merits, and furnished a desired pretext for condemning the Savior because of his association with social outcasts.

Such types were not peculiar to the Savior's age. They are

as numerous today as they were in ancient times; nor has society

changed its attitude towards them. Although the world has produced innumerable illustrations of the frequency with which insincerity, and sometimes immorality, is associated with sanctimonious appearances, yet the exhibition of a few visible merits

still proves the most successful cloak for inward depravity. Although experience has amply demonstrated that petty human

failings are not usually incompatible with a steadfast faith and a loyal heart, yet the world still criticizes a wilful liar less than it does an occasional transgressor of temperance. It continues to

reward the pretender with reverend greetings in the market places;

and persists in preventing the small, but open, offender from being valued for even the virtues he does possess. The thoughtless

masses want no inquiry into causes or motives. They judge from

the surface and condemn from appearances.

It was doubtless for the purpose of directing attention to preTHE PHARISEE AND THE PUBLICAN 313

cisely this error, that Jesus chose to remove these prototypes from the arena of human prejudice. His story places them in the

Temple, engaged in personal supplication before the Throne of

Grace. That situation presented the best means for disclosing

their real natures. Before an allknowing Father there could be

no advantage in concealment; and before an admittedly righteous

Judge, each character would naturally present his own strongest appeal for divine consideration. And so, each is permitted to

state his own case.

Says the Pharisee: "God, I thank thee that I am not as other

men are, extortionate, unjust, adulterers, or even as this Publican.

1 fast twice in the week, and give tithes on all I possess."

How characteristic that prayer is of the pharisaical nature, which the Master desired to portray. Although expressed in form

of gratitude, it is merely the avowal of a superior claim to Divine favor, based upon a few minor virtues effected, and a few extreme sins avoided. That is the peculiar distinguishing exhibition of

selfrighteousness. It never acknowledges greater excellence in

others, but habitually contrasts itself with extreme wickedness, and then glories at its. own preeminence in such comparison. The

selfrighteous recognizes only a single division of mankind. One

part is himself, and the other is composed of those mortals who, in a vanishing degree, differ from his own selected virtues. He

is, therefore, ever thankful not to be like other men, because they are simply useful as pointed illustrations of his own arrogated sanctity.

And then, again, how repeatedly selfglorification boasts its petty virtues. Doubtless every neighbor of the Pharisee could

have testified to his showy compliance with trivial religious requirements. So publicly had he paid his tithes, and so frequently

had he talked about his fastings, that none but the deaf and the blind could have failed to take notice. But for what purpose? To

him these sacrifices were never privileged opportunities to raise the soul above the body, and the spiritual above the earthly. They

were mere advances in a bargain, the profits of which he expected to realize by way of increased returns from God, and pleasurable notoriety before men.

Such men are a great hindrance to the advancement of unselfish worth. They imbue their companions with an unconscious

notion that mere conformity to spiritual requirements is all314 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sufficient, and that an equivalent compensation will inevitably follow. That the mere deed is the test, and the power to act or

the inspiring motive is of minor importance. Surely nothing in

reason or revealed truth warrants such conclusion. Good deeds

will unquestionably be our witnesses before the judgement seat of

God, but good motives and the opportunity for doing good will be the criterions by which we will be judged.

It was upon this theory that Christ justified, or rather acquitted, the Publican in this parable. In mere numbers of praiseworthy actions, the Pharisee probably outranked the Publican.

These the Master did not undervalue, nor did he approve the wrongs of the Publican. With equal sincerity of purpose and

equal humility of spirit, the verdict would have been wholly different. But the Pharisee ignored the very foundation of righteouslove of God and the love of neighbor. These twinness—the

commandments embrace the whole law of God, and comprehend the entire message of salvation. In their absence, all other demonstrations of piety become mere empty ceremony.

The Publican, however, had thoroughly absorbed the spirit of these supreme mandates. His pleading words evidenced a

most intense desire for the love of God, and his humble selfdesignation attested his love for neighbor. Whatever frailties

others might possess, he confessed himself a sinner. He did not

accuse his brother by comparison, nor attempt to offset his own faults by whatever good he might have done. He offered no

excuse for his infirmities, and asked no immunity from the just consequences of his own wrongs. All his thoughts centered in

the hope that God would not continue a deserved displeasure, nor withdraw divine assistance in whatever trials might yet beset him. And so, in the hopeful anguish of his heart, he could only

exclaim, "God, be merciful to me, a sinner."

The muchembracing adequacy and the continually unfolding expansiveness of this concise prayer, was doubtless intended to illustrate one of the many valuable lessons taught in this parable.

Superfluity of words for devotional purposes have never received divine sanction. All of Christ's sayings were terse and pithy; but

nevertheless, stimulating and soul arousing. Long prayers and

long sermons never incite action; they weary the mind and tire

the body. Whenever the soul is truly stirred, words are wholly

inefficient. Peal joy, or real grief, is neither verbose nor noisy.

THE PHARISEE AND THE PUBLICAN 316

"The soul's sincere desire, uttered or unexpressed,"or even "the upward glancing of an eye, when none but God is near,"is certainly more inspiring to the human soul, and must be more acceptable to our Heavenly Parent than the formal reading from a prayerbook, or the prolonged, though extemporaneous, attempt at public eloquence. One is substance, the other form. One is

a wish of the soul referred to God, the other a thought of the mind submitted to men. The contrasted prayers of this parable

clearly indicate their effective difference. One emanated from

the pride of selfrighteousness, and therefore diffused itself in its expected reward of temporal applause, while the other arose from the depth of a penitent heart, and therefore mounted to the throne of God.

"I tell you this man went down to his house justified rather than the other, for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased, and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted."

Oqden, Utah.

-'- S".% % m M +4 \! Ti *W 19 5

- mk wi 9L B- 'J /,- f</ $

i% ff u>s -*

28, 1911 ELDERS OF LEEDS CONFERENCE. OCTOBER

Back row: George Heaps, Jedediah McKay, Elmer C. Rigby, Herbert

E. Blake. Joseph R. Bellamy. John East, T -dqBenson. B. Sheffield,.,....Melvm J. George row: Third Wm. Hudson, O. Low. George Harrison. G. Thos. Matthews, Jesse W (Con- C. Parker Fred Lake, J. Morgan Perry, R. row: Henrv Second Mission). of European (President Clawson Rudger President). ference A. Brighton. Robert Conference), of (Clerk Austin H Shaw J. Parry, Hugh F. McLean, Charles Fullmer, E. row? Lewis Front

Shores Loveless.

ELDERS IN SOUTH AFRICA.

Top row, left to right: Artemus Crane, Austin Houtz, William C.

Crook, C. B. Whitney, Elmer P. Chipman.

Middle row: Joseph F. Hintze, A. Fred Murdock, Franklin R. Gardner, John S. Sagers, mission president; Gottlieb Blatter, Louis A. Nelson.

Bottom row: Alfred J. Gowers, Jr., mission clerk; Rufus Beach, S. R.

Boswell.

Kimberley and the Diamond Fields

BY ALFRED J. GOWERS, JR.

A few months ago a number of the elders laboring in South

Africa, including myself, were given a permit to visit the workings of one of the famous mines at Kimberley, C. C, South Africa.

There we had the pleasure of observing the progress of the diamond, from its mixture with the other elements of mother earth until the stage when it is ready to be sent to Holland, to be cut and polished, ready for the ornamental use of modern women.

Taking it for granted that these few words, by way of introduction, have given the visitors time to clothe themselves in khaki suits and heavy shoes, we find them ready to go off to the open hole of the DuToits Pau Mine, the richest, per karat, of its class in the world.

We stand and gaze into a funnelshaped hole which has a depth of seven hundred and fifty feet; at the surface, the massive

KIMBKRLEY AND THE DIAMOND FIELDS 317

hole has an area of fiftyeight acres This is all that may be seen.

Where are they working? Has the

been abandoned?

is it a holiday?

about a quarter mile away may be seen a large hoist, a line of cars, where everything seems moving. It is -->

there that the "blue hstone"is brought to the vMM&Z

Surface which is COnDressed in khaki suits and heavy shoes the,,.. guide took the company underground.

stantly being taken from the hole upon whose brink we stand wondering at the mystery of nature.

Let us now visit the place where the work seems to be going on. There we see a great hoist of fourteen hundred horsepower,

which brings to the surface twelve thousand tons of crude material daily, loading it into cars that have a capacity of one ton each. By these it is hauled to a field some three miles away,

hence, "diamond fields."

These small cars are attached to an endless cable, and are constantly in motion, having always the same work to do, yet never becoming weary.

By means of a lift, cable endless to an attached cars Small elevator,Or we descend

. field. to the blue stone the, carry, P '

the shaft, seven nunthree miles away.

dred and fifty feet.

There we step outward. In every direction may be seen small

tunnels, out of which, at short intervals, come small cars loaded with bluecolored stone. These cars also work on the endless

cable principle, and are loaded and unloaded while in motion.

The sixty miles of tunnels, which form a network under and around the large hole which we first visited, are alive with cars 318 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and workmen who are natives, and generally spoken of as "boys."Fourteen hundred are employed in the forenoon, the

same number in the afternoon; while at night, the force is reduced by onehalf, making in all a total of thirtyfive hundred

"boys"(Kafirs) working daily, excluding the white men who act as overseers.

The character of the diamond deposit is of such a nature, bulletshaped, that the method of work is in a marked degree different from that engaged in where the mineral sought runs in veins. This explains why the material is taken out through a network of tunnels from underneath.

The colored laborers get a wage of one dollar per day, and a hole ten feet in depth must be drilled in order to entitle them to this sum. Three great pumps

of eightypound pressure per square inch, each pumping an I average of eight thousand gallons of water per hour, are constantly at work pumping water fence preventsA great r the,1 tunnels111below. the escape of frm dissatisfied laborer. any

Next we visit the "compound,"the home of the "boys"while engaged for the company, which is usually for a term of six months, during which time they are not permitted to leave the premises. It is a great impenetrable

fence, constructed of barbed wire, enclosing the whole of the company's property. So valuable are the diamonds that every

workman on leaving is closely examined to be sure he carries away none of the precious stones. A penalty of seven years'hard

labor is inflicted upon any one who is found illegally in possession of these stones.

The "compound"we find to be an enclosure of about twenty acres, surrounded on all sides by houses; the abodes of the workmen, etc. That these natives are happy, it is needless for me to

say. It is an old adage that "ignorance is bliss."In one corner

they may buy anything but cards and whiskey; in another, is a

hospital where the wounded receive prompt surgical and medical aid. Visiting the chambers of the sick, we found not a few, there

being an average of four hundred on the recuperating list conKIMBERLEY AND THE DIAMOND FIELDS 319

tinually, with about fortyfive fatalities yearly. The common

ailments are bruised legs, mashed toes, sprained ankles, etc.

We will stop here a few moments while the visitors change

The blue stones are spread out on a field and cultivated until thoroughly disintegrated.

the khaki suits for the more refined broadcloth, then we will go on to the fields, to which the chain of cars we saw, lead. There

the cars are emptied, and the contents scattered out, remaining exposed to the weather for from twelve to eighteen months. During this time it is

worked, harrowed,!

rolled, etc., to hasten

disintegration. The

crude material having become thoroughly decomposed, it is again loaded into small trucks and carried tO the hvViewing- the floor where the crude material deposited for disintegration.

draulic washing ma-.is

chines, five miles away. There it is washed and concentrated,

and out of every hundred and fifty loads, one load is sent on in protected cars to the "pulsator,"where the clear diamonds are

320 IMPROVEMENT ERA

!finally obtained. We will walk along to the pulsator, but wait

There is a car for the express purpose of conveying visitors, so we seat ourselves on a trolley drawn by two of Africa's favorites (mules), then off at a gallop go the merry crowd.

bMgfe:

THE PULSATOR.

Here the precious stones are collected and sorted, averaging about $70,000 worth per day.

At the "pulsator,"we see at last the diamond sparkling in splendor. About $70,000 worth of these precious stones are collected daily. They are separated from the more crude material

by means of a sticky, soapy, substance, the formula for which seems to be the great secret of diamond mining, also a secret of the famous De Beer's company.

There we see many other stones, but worthless when compared with the enormous value of the diamond. Here, as in other

places of the day's tour, everything is under the keen eye of guards, so that no "sleight of hand"may go on. One must keep

his hands in their place, and not touch anything. Who knows but

in that sluggish clod there may be a diamnod worth millions of dollars The next and last place to visit is the "sorting compartments."There we see, sitting beside long tables, a number of

convicts bending over a small bunch of the less precious stones.

KtMBEftLEY AND THE DIAMOND FIELDS 321

The men are sorting the stones, which are then passed on to experts, who give them a final sorting. At a little table, bending over a few stones, perhaps

a dozen, sits an expert, glass in hand, also sorting them into different piles, according to kind, color, and value. He is

willing to show you the peculiarities of the diamonds, most of which have six sides and eight points. This little pile, of not

THE TROLLEY.more than ten or twelve stones, Elders on board: Back row: Arteis worth, in the crude state, mus Crane, Alfred J. Gowers,

F. R. Gardner, John S. Sagers,

$500. After the sorting process Gottleib Blatter, A. Fred Murhas been completed, the history dock. Bottom row: Austin

Houtz, Jos. F. Hintze, Wm. C.

of the diamond is ended, except Crook, Elmer P. Chipman.

for some fiction tale, such as

The Diamond Wedding Ring, The Lady's Diamond, The Lost

Diamond, and such other fascinating stories as folk are prone to read. And this can only occur after the diamond has been to

Holland, where it is cut and polished, after which, through the jewelers, it comes into the hands of our modern ladies.

Woodstgck,Cape Colony, Africa.

History of the Y. L. M. I. A. A volume of 488 pages has recently

issued from the "Deseret News"presses. It gives a most interesting

account of the Mutual Improvement cause, and the wonderful work accomplished by the young women of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints, in their attempts at improving themselves in the variety of lines undertaken in their great organization. Besides the

general history, which is complete and comprehensive, and the first in the Church treating of the organized work of women, there are infiftyeight portraits and biographies of leading women—workers

the improvement cause. Besides this, the book contains a brief history of the M. I. A movement, with portraits of officers and general

stake boards, of every stake of Zion. The frontispiece is a steel engraving of President Elmina S. Taylor, and there are several full page

portraits of leading workers. The book was written by the well

known author, Susa Young Gates, and revised and edited by Ann M.

Cannon and a history committee. Every home and library in the

Church, and particularly every M. I. A. library, should have a copy

of the work. Price $1.50.

A sacred calm, its rightful heritage,

This place retains, and presences unseen

But to the mind's eye. 'Neath the leafy screen,

The "Watcher of the Tomb"sits, and with age

His head is frosted. Here, in pilgrimage,

Shall millions come. Yea, they shall see convene,

As we do, ghosts of famous ones serene,

To make anew for them an epic page.

Now twilight silence on Mount Vernon grows,

Each wooded cape becomes a silhouette

Like molten gold Potomac glides along

Ah! one thing more imagination owes-—

To stand by Washington, see! Lafayette

Completes the picture known in Art and Song.

Special Exercises in the M. I. A.

BY HORACE G. WHITNEY, DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL EDITOR

OF THE "DESERET NEWS"

In making a few remarks this morning on the subject of

Special Exercises, I shall not aim to follow the printed program item by item. In accepting the invitation of Prest. Evans to

cover this subject, I told him all I could do was to give you the benefit of my experience in a general sort of way, not hoping that all my ideas would be followed, or that they would always be available in every individual case; but such as they were I

would present them in the hope that here and there might be some idea which the various ward societies in Ensign stake could profit by.

I Stories.

I am a great believer in the charm and power of short stories and anecdotes to impress the minds of young people, and the man who can tell a story properly, can exert equal influence on the minds of people more advanced. Among my earliest

recollections are those of two storytelling clubs, or ''crowds,"as we used to call them, formed about 1870 by the young boys of that day. There were two groups, and without any particular

fitness, but solely to have a name, the boys took the titles from the names of two Congressmen, then very much talked about in

Utah, one Cullom, the other Cragun, authors of two notorious measures directed against the people here. The "Cullom crowd"

would meet on the front lawn of some member's house at nightfall, and the "Cragun crowd"would meet not far away. Each

one would designate a story teller for the next session, and it was the business of this story teller to read up all the stories, often of a light character, that could be obtained, and narrate them to the eagerlv listening throng. Tf I remember aright. Bishop Orson

*From an address delivered at. the convention of Ensign stake,

October, 1911.

324 IMPROVEMENT ERA

F. Whitney, Heber M. Wells and myself were the narrators for

the Culloms. Heber J. Grant, Feramorz Young, and others I do

not recall, gathered up the crop of weekly stories for the Craguns.

They held together for a long time, solely by the cohesive force of story telling, until the Deseret University absorbed them and directed their minds into other channels. The extensive lawn of

Mrs. Emmeline Free Young, mother of Alonzo Young, which

stood just below where Z. C. M. I. now stands, was the favorite

rallying place for the storytelling clubs, and many a night the boys have remained in breathless silence, listening to the anecdotes, until windows were raised in the neighboring houses, and the call of mothers, admonishing the boys that it was bedtime, broke up the throngs.

In the ward societies, I would suggest that the brightest boys and girls be selected to tell the stories, and if there is a lack of storytelling ability, appoint them to read brief selections. The

program committee should know the boys and girls who are best qualified for this particular duty. If there is an absence of this

especial talent, I would suggest going out into the stake and inviting older and more experienced speakers to come in and entertain the young people in the preliminary programs. In the

classes, the teachers will have to govern themselves by individual selections.

The short stories by Dickens, especially his Christmas tales,

Rudyard Kipling, Robert Louis Stevenson, Washington Irving,

Edgar Allen Poe, and some tales from "The Arabian Nights,"afford a rich source to which readers may apply. The demand

for short stories has grown so greatly of late years that there are many books now published devoted exclusively to this form of entertainment.

II Debates.

No form of intellectual exercises for the young is more beneficial than a friendly debate, properly governed and carried on under proper surroundings. One of the foremost teachers in

Utah's history to recognize this fact was Dr. John R. Park, who

might almost be called the father of the University of Utah today.

In the old days of the University of Deseret, when it was conducted first in the Council House, where the Deseret News building now stands, second in the old twostory adobe building once

SPECIAL EXERCISES IN THE M. I. A. 325

known as Doremus'School, at the corner of Second West and

First North streets, he had as bright a group of boys under his control as the community has probably ever known. The Delta

Phi Debating Society was made up of the seniors. The Zeta

Gamma was made up of the juniors, and in these juniors, as boys, were Bishop O. F. Whitney, ExGovernor Heber M. Wells, Heber

J. Grant, Rulon S. Wells, Richard W. Young, John T. Caine, Jr..

B. B. Young, John B. Read, B. S. Young, Scott Crismon, Prof.

Toronto, Prest. Kingsbury, J. L. Heywood, and many others who

are today filling leading positions in the community. Dr. Park

at first presided over debates, but usually chose three judges among the boys themselves to render the decisions. The plan

nowadays is to have the discussion take place, but leave the decision open, thus avoiding any feeling which might be engendered.

Whether decisions are rendered or not, there can be a vast amount of benefit secured; first, by taking easy subjects and increasing

them in difficulty as the boys gain in experience. Each boy should

be told to read up on his subject and to make his notes, but not to read his speech in essay form. Such subjects as the following

would be found of advantage to beginners "Who was the greater general, Napoleon or Wellington?"

; "Who"Who was the greater president, Washington or Lincoln?"

was the greater poet, Byron or Burns?"etc. It is best to avoid

political subjects altogether, as it is hard to say where the zeal of our youthful Republicans and Democrats might carry them, or what the views of their parents would be, if they were assigned?, particular side of the debate in conflict with the parents'views.

When the pupils are more advanced, such questions as these might be selected: "Resolved, That our war with Mexico was

justifiable"; "Resolved, That the execution of Mary, Queen of

Scots, was justifiable"; "Resolved, That England was justified

in banishing Napoleon to St. Helena,"and a great many other

subjects based on history that will occur to a program committee.

Ill Arranging for a Play.

Nothing delights young people more than a dramatic presentation, even if it is only fairly well rendered. The work of preparing a play is full of benefits to those concerned, especially

if they have someone of experience to direct their rehearsals and their performances.

326 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Among the very first things that engaged the attention of

Irest. Brigham Young and the Pioneers when they landed in

Utah was the providing of amusement for the people. Prest.

Young said that the people must be amused. He had had some

experience himself in the days of Nauvoo, when as a young man he took several parts in serious plays on the stage there, one of them being the High Priest in the play of "Pizzaro."So he

encouraged the building of a theater in the old Bowery on the

Temple block first, next the erection of the Social Hall, in 1852, and finally the building of the Salt Lake Theater, in 1862. In

a few years the company originally formed became famous all over the West, and I have no doubt that the dramatic taste and criticism which are so noted through Utah today, sprang from those early performances which everyone attended, studied, and applauded.

In our Mutual Improvement societies, unless the members have had some experience, I would suggest that plays in general be limited to the one act sketches. If the young people have had

no experience, the casting committee should select those who are the best readers in school. Start the rehearsals, and a few practices will develop where the talents lie, and the parts may be

changed if necessary. Many excellent plays can be secured by

writing to the dramatic publishers in the East, or to their agent, the Deseret News Bookstore in the West, where all classes of plays are kept. The committee should select those of a certain

grade, ignoring altogether the rowdy or slangy class, or those with low dialect or negro characters. Everyone will be surprised

as to the talents that will be discovered in the casting of a play, and the director in charge of the rehearsals can do much by being rigid, but kindly at the same time, encouraging youngsters by narrating illustrations, and reminding them that some of the greatest speakers and actors the world ever knew came from very humble beginnings. He might tell them, for instance, the story

of the famous actor, William H. Crane, who has been seen many

times in Salt Lake, who once essayed the role of "Hamlet."On

his return from a tour, an enthusiastic lady said to him, "Oh, Mr.

Crane, didn't they rave over you? Didn't they call you before

the curtain?""Call me, my dear madam,"the actor gloomily

replied, "they dared me/'SPECIAL EXERCISES IX THE M. I. A.

IV Arrangement of Musical Concerts.

The concert is something so generally overdone in mosl of the wards that it must be first class indeed to attract more than passing attention. They are now almost entirely limited to missionary farewells, and should be arranged in conjunction with the

choir leader, the organist, and those in charge of music in the

Sunday school. Enlist the best talent, and if you have not talent

that you can conscientiously feel ought to be put forward, and is worth the price of admission or the price of offering at the door, go outside your ward and get the best you can. Keep your programs short. Many people have been kept away from deserving

entertainments by seeing fifteen, sixteen, and eighteen numbers printed. Better have seven, eight, or nine, and let each one be

so good that it is sure of one or two encores.

V—Formation of a Male Quartette.

Here is something very difficult, unless fortune has been specially kind in distributing voices. Some one was once asked,

what is a male quartette? and the answer was given that a quartenor. Nature hastette consists of four people—three men and a

indeed been very chary in distributing tenors over the earth. I f

you have not at least a fairly good leading tenor, I would sa) don't try to form a male quartette. If you have, don't neglect it.

for the other three voices, if only passable, will give the tenor good support, and make a group, especially if you have a ward organist or leader who will train them.

Provide Singing for the Meetings. VI—To

Here again the question rests with whether or not you have a live organist or pianist and a good, vigorous leader. It so, they

can select tunes which all know; ask the known singers in the

audience to group somewhere near together, encourage singing

;in parts as much as possible, encourage the girls to try alio parts

and once in a while, by way of variety, ask those in charge to give you ten or fifteen minutes to rehearse the whole room, in one or two old fashioned rounds in three or four parts. The result is always pleasing, and gives people who had no inkling oi

musical harmony an understanding of what musical enjoyment really is. Another thing is to secure books enough to take care

328 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the whole room. In many societies I have seen, the singing

lagged because there were only books enough to go half around the room.

VII Social Affairs and Amusements.

1 think the amusement feature has been fully covered in the suggestions already made. As for social affairs, they can be most

successful if made to include a few musical numbers with suitable pauses between for conversation, and if held in a hall, turned into a dance at the close, with someone at the piano, if an orchestra is not obtainable, who can play the right sort of dance music. It

would indeed be a novelty, too, if at these dances the societies were to reintroduce some of the forgotten dances of the days when their fathers and mothers "tripped the light fantastic toe,"the beautiful but old fashioned schottische, the mazurka, and other dances, which to the youngsters of today are unknown, and to many parents but faded memories.

I. A. Day. VIII—To Help the Stake in a Successful M.

There is a great chance here for interest, friendly rivalry, and competition, if all the wards would bring their program committees together, and have them confer as to a big M. I. A. day

at the close of the season. The best singers, debaters, and players

could be put forward, picked from those who had participated in the year's programs, and pitted against each other. A prize might

be offered for the most meritorious, and the whole thing take the form of a stake eisteddfod, those friendly contests which the Welsh have made famous. The success of these events would depend

upon the character and zeal and the pains exercised by the various ward committees summoned together to arrange the details.

Conclusion.

And now, dear friends and fellowworkers in the great cause of Mutual Improvement, let me close with a word of appreciation for you who are so unselfishly giving your time and talents for the good of others. I have been in my time member, class teacher,

choir leader, and president of a Mutual Improvement Association for a number of years, so I know something of how you work without expectation of reward. Yours is the task that must look

to itself for its reward; you will not be embarrassed or burdened

with the thanks of the fathers and mothers for whose children

SPECIAL EXERCISES IN THE M. I. A. 329

you expend so much time, thought, and care. If, perchance, you

send some unmanageable boy home to his parents to save breaking up your class, the chances are that Mamma will be up bright and early next morning to make you a call. Learn to do without

bouquets. Get your satisfaction out of your work. You may receive but a small meed of applause, but when you are asked if

you ever got any mark of appreciation, you can answer, "No, but I deserved it, and that's better still."

Messages from the Missions.

Elder James R. McLean, writing from Bloomington, Illinois, of

the Northern Illinois conference, October 28, states that the elders have followed up the good efforts of the elders who preceded them, and many of the seeds sown, years ago, are bearing fruit. The promises of the

Lord are being fulfiled in them.

They have a branch of about twenty adult members, all worthy Latterday Saints. The

Sunday schools and meetings are successful, and the interest manifested by both strangers and Saints is gratifying. The

Sunday school is studying the Articles of Faith. The branch is

selfsupporting, which speaks stronger than words of the faith and integrity of the Saints. The names of the elders and lady missionaries, top row, left to right, are: James R. McLean, Raymond, Alberta.

Canada; James Walton, Coalville, Utah; Ward W. Reynolds, Marysvale, Idaho; front row: Mrs. Retta L. Williams, Pima, Arizona; Wesley

E. Smith, Logan, Utah; Miss Daisy Madsen, Brigham, Utah.

J Heber Whitesides, conference president of the Massachusetts conference, writes from Boston, November 20, saying that the work is progressing in that district regardless of the general indifference at labor with. They to contend have elders the prejudice the and discountry the they visited summer last while in the cities, present

tricts of western Massachusetts, where they met fair success, considering the adverse conditions. "Our experiences make us mare

enthusiastic in the delivery of the message we have to declare to the people We are continually adding to our circle of friends in the cit> The gospel.''the investigating earnestly are of whom many George Ogden; Richards Lawrence W. to right left are, elders Of the

E Dibble, Layton; Carl A. Lindquist, Ogden; C, Glen Bldredg-. U ods

330 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Cross; Leonard R. Bailey, Calders Station; Junius T. Smith, American

Fork, Utah; George O. Wall, Raymond, Canada; bottom row: Vivian

Snow, Salt Lake City; Alfred G. Rex, Randolph; J. Heber Whitesides,

Layton; Francis A. Miller, Spanish Fork; John C. Bailey, Ogden, Utah.

Elder Hans J. Mortinsen, writing from Stavanger,- Norway, October 18, says: "Four elders from Utah, and two local elders, are laboring

in this branch, which is flourishing, having a full organization, in good condition, wth good prospects for the future. The Saints are

learning that there is great power in living clean lives, as required of the Latterday Saints. Considerable anti-"Mormon"agitation has

manifested itself during the spring and summer months, and at the present time there are vile and abusive attacks upon us. JansenFuhr presented an illustrated lecture on

Utah and her people, in which he made a miserable failure, since his attack was vile and abusive. At the close

of his second lecture, Elder Jacobsen and I met him in open discussion, refuted his slanders, and succeeded in turning the tide of public sentiment in our favor, which was proved

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS

by the fact that the newspaper articles written afterwards were favorable to us. The latest attack upon us is a poorly devised moving

picture drama, entitled, "Victim of the 'Mormons,'a Drama of Love and

Sectarian Fanaticism."In this drama the elders are pictured as being

white slave handlers. Throughout, it is easy to observe the hypocri >y

and lying nature of the whole affair, but for the time being it seems to have its effect upon the people, especially upon those who are prejudiced and less thoughtful. The elders in the picture are, top

row: Adolph O. Jacobsen and Adolph C. Vagle, local elders; front:

Warren Munk, Hans J. Mortinsen, president Bergen branch; Leonard

Larsen and Peter H. Jensen.

Elder Rosel H. Hale, writing from Spokane, Washington, November

11, gives an account of the East Washington conference, held in Spokane, October 29 and 30. The elders reported having met "with splendid

success during the summer. Comparing the last six months'work

with the six months previous, shows an increase as follows: Sale of

Books of Mormon, 40 per cent; other books, 115 per cent; families

visited, 110 per cent; tracts distributed, 100 per cent. All the other

work showed improvement. Four or five street meetingwere held

each week during the summer months. Cottage meetings have now

begun; and during the noon hour each day, the elders are preaching

the gospel to the men in the railroad shops, iron foundries and saw mills. Two lady missionaries have recently been assigned to labor in

this conference. Back row, left to right: Nephi Nielson, Victoria

Egbert, F. G. Carlile, Wm. J. Lambourn, H. J. Fackrell, Catherine

Woodbury, F. F. Brown; middle row: Marion Stringham, Rupert Best.

Mission President M. J. Ballard, Conference President Rosel II. Hale,

G. C. Wood; front row: P. M. Anderson, A. W. Crosby, Victor Hansen.

C. E. Heath.

Elder C. A. Carlquist, writing from Stockholm, Sweden, October

28, says that the elders are feeling well, but are daily persecuted by 332 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the priests and the press. Notwithstanding

this, however, the cause is steadily progressing in Sweden, and they are certain that many will embrace the gospel. The elders preach

peace to all the people, and yet the enemies of salvation are busy working against them.

Elder Carlquist has made trips through the country from Ostersund, in Norrland, to

Malmo, in southern Sweden, defending the

Latterday Saints against the attacks of a

Pastor Aslev. During these journeys, Elder

Carlquist has held fiftysix lectures defending the Saints, and in these has had occasion to bear testimony to the truth of the gospel to thousands who would otherwise not have gone C. A. CARLQUIST

to hear the elders.

The prospects for the present year in the SwissGerman mission, as compared with former years, are very encouraging. The branches

all over the Zurich conference are showing steady growth, and marked improvement in the different organizations. Elder Melvin D. Naylor,

writing from Zurich, November 20, says that just now they are busy with their Christmas programs, and that in the Zurich branch they

had secured a hall to accommodate between 500 and 600 people. The

photograph shows the elders laboring in the mission headquarters in

Zurich. Back row, left to right: A. W. Shepherd, mission secretary;

Logan Morris, Sherwin Maeser, Sidney T. Taylor, Lester Leffler, Sterling Shurtliff, of the mission office. Sitting: Melvin D. Naylor, conference president; Miss Katherine McKay, Thomas E. McKay, mission

president; Mrs. Robert A. Stelter, Robert A. Stelter, editor of the

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 333

mission periodical, "Der Stern"; Clifford C. Clive, branch president.

James C. Nelson, writing from Snohomish, Washington, November 1, says

that the work of the Lord is progressing in the West Washington conference, and many of the people are being reached by the gospel message. The elders find

many who are willing to listen to and consider the gospel. The elders in the picture are: James C. Nelson, Sigurd, Utah;

Ray E. Law, Springville, Utah.

Here we have two elders of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, whose homes are in Brigham City, Utah. This picture was

taken in the "land of the midnight sun."Names of the elders are:

Christian M. Jensen, president of the Bergen conference, Norway, and

his brother, Jonathan C. Jensen, also in the center two native Laplanders. They are all in the city of Hammerfest, Norway, which is

a maritime town in the province of Finmarken, on Whale Island, a treeless, barren part, in latitude 70 degrees 40 minutes north, making it the most northerly town in the world. Being a fish center, it has

a lively trade, wtih a population of between two and three thousand.

Though in the arctic circle, the winters are comparatively mild, and it is said that the surrounding waters seldom freeze. The picture was

taken on the 24th of July, 1911.

The Valley of Rasel-Nasir

BY HAMILTON GARDNER

When "Slats"Pendleton was graduated from Harvard, his father, a high official in Standard Oil, and correspondingly rich, gave him a million dollars in giltedge securities, and told him to go on a trip around the world. He made but one condition—that

"Slats"take his sister Beth along. To this, of course, the son

agreed, but knowing that traveling would be but a miserable pleasure without his old college chum, "Dutch"Schmidt, he asked him to accompany them. The fact that "Dutch"was very

fond of Beth may have had something to do with the invitation.

Except for a harmless flirtation between "Slats"and some

Japanese geisha girls, their trip across the Pacific and through the Orient was of the usual interesting but uneventful kind. It

was not until they reached Jerusalem that the Fates placed them in the way of having an adventure. The possibility came when

they selected Muli Hafid for their dragoman on an excursion to

Jericho and the Dead Sea.

Muli Hafid proved to be a most interesting person when the boys talked to him a few nights before the trip. He was a good

entertainer and his extensive travels had given him an amazingknowledge of folk lore and folk superstitions. Indeed, being a

Mohammedan, he was himself superstitious enough to believe many of the stories he was telling. It was in all earnestness,

therefore, that he told the young Americans, in his quaintly accented but otherwise perfect English, this tale "Gentlemen, I have seen many dangerous and awful places in my life, but never one which frightened me so much as the valley of Rasel-Nasir, east of the Jordan. It reaches deep down

into the earth and is hotter than the desert at midday. But these

are only obstacles which Allah has set there to keep men from reaching the bottom; for there, in a cave, feared and avoided from

ancient times, is the body of Lot's wife. It is accursed so that

whatever man sets eyes upon it is immediately turned into salt."

The boys could hold off no longer; with shrieks of laughter

THE VALLEY OF RASEL-NASIR 335

they ridiculed the guide's story. But he insisted that what he

said was the truth. Finally, to show the utter ridiculousness of

the thing, "Slats"asked him if he had ever been there.

"Allah has given me too much wisdom that I should ever go into the valley, but I swear by my father's head that I have seen the entrance to it."

"Has any one else ever entered it?"queried "Dutch."

"Many, but they have never returned,"answered Muli.

"But why should any sane man wish to go into such an awful place with the certainty of being turned into salt for his trouble?"laughingly asked "Slats."

"The love of foolhardy adventure and the disregard of the unbelieving for the laws of Allah, have ever lured men to destruction."

"Then,"quickly responded "Slats,"who had played a wonderful halfback on the 'Varsity and feared nothing, "I will see the thing through and determine whether there is any truth in the rumor of such a valley. Will you agree, Muli, to take us to

this mysterious place on condition that if you fail you will charge nothing for your services?"

Surprising as it seemed to the boys, the dragoman readily assented. *****

After a -hot, dusty ride through the bare, sandy hills, the party reached Jericho. An invigorating bath in the salty waters

of the Dead Sea, and an exploration of the excavations of the old

Israelitish town, occupied the remainder of the day. Early the

next morning the whole party set out on what the Americanconsidered a lark, and the guide, a dangerous adventure. They

forded the swift, muddy Jordan, and headed for the mountains in the east. At noon, by continually prodding their ponies along

the scarcely discernable paths which crossed the desolate region.

they had reached a high range of hills. Muli, who from the

beginning had been rehearsing bloodcurdling stories about Rasel-Nasir, was already frightened. Indeed, if "Dutch"himself had

told the truth, he would have confessed that his stock of courage was reaching a very low mark. "Slats,"too, had ceased being

so skeptical about the matter. As for Beth, she said never a word.

Muli finally guided them almost to the top of the highest hill and told them that on the other side, in the face of the cliff 336 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to be seen, there was a small, cavelike opening, which led into the mysterious valley. He refused to approach nearer to what

he termed the "fiendish place."After a brief consultation, it was

finally decided that Beth should remain with the dragoman, while the two men should proceed on foot. After investigating, they

were to return and report. "Dutch"would have much preferred

to remain behind, but did not dare show his disinclination before

Beth. She, on the contrary, wished to go, too, but "Slats"persuaded her to wait until they had either definitely located the

valley or proved it to be a myth. For now, the Americans, in

spite of the ridicule they had heaped upon Muli, were prepared vo concede the possibility of the existence of Rasel-Nasir.

A rough climb brought the young men to the cliff. There,

just as Muli had stated, was an opening in the face of the rock.

They began to realize now that the matter was no joke. Here

was the opening, and without doubt it led into the valley. Was

that not sufficient? "Dutch"was for returning to Beth and reporting that the whole thing was a fake, but "Slats,"knowing

that such a course meant the complete abandonment of the incifootball training simply woulddent, insisted that they go on—his

not allow him to quit at this stage of the game. So they continued.

With the spirit of their contemplated joke conspicuously lacking, they entered the opening. They went only a short distance before they found themselves in the open air again. There,

before them, lay the valley. It was small and round, like the

crater of an extinct volcano, and the light did not reach far enough down to permit them to see the bottom. Not a sign of

vegetation was visible, and even from their position the excessive heat was plainly felt. A narrow path led from the entrance down

the steep sides, and this was the only visible way to reach the bottom.

It required a great amount of persuasion and considerable lecturing before "Slats"could induce "Dutch"to make the descent. Even his talk was of the bravado kind, for his own

selfconfidence and courage were well nigh spent. They had not

proceeded far before they learned the truth of Muli's statement about the heat. The sun's rays, beating down on the bare rocks,

made the valley a veritable furnace. There was no circulation of

the atmosphere and the men soon had great trouble in breathing the burning, hot air. But "Slats'"American football training

THE VALLEY OF RASEL-NASIR 337

would not give up; he kept his own resolution from completely

failing by urging "Dutch"on. With chests heaving and panting

and their strength almost exhausted, they forced their way down, until, after what seemed almost an eternity, they reached the bottom. Here the heat was still terrific, but it seemed cool after the

seething furnace above.

After a few moment's rest they began an exploration of their surroundings. They soon found a cavelike opening in the other

side of the little valley. By this time both were completely

frightened. So far Muli's story had proved true in every detail

and now, after their recent exhausting experience, they were in a state of mind to see anything. Particularly was this true of

"Dutch."It was, therefore, with hearts in their mouths that they

entered the cave and turned on their pocket lamps.

A brilliant and dazzling sight met their eyes. The ceiling,

the walls, and the floor appeared to be set with millions of diamonds, which reflected the light in little points of dazzling, white flame. Closer examination showed the supposed jewels to be

tiny salt crystals. But the weirdness of the cave increased rather

than allayed the excitement in the minds of the explorers. They

followed further in, continually wondering at the new beauties of iight and form which revealed themselves, and becoming more frightened every minute. At last the passage turned; the men

entered a wellformed room. Some marks on the wall as though

made by instruments drew their attention. In astonishment they

gazed for a moment, then, by a common impulse, they flashed their lights toward the other side of the chamber.

"Dutch"started in horror at the sight which met his gaze there. He stood transfixed, his eyes staring at what seemed a

human form. His hair rose on his head and cold sweat broke

out on his face. He pointed a shaking finger at the object of

his fright, and in a trembling voice said, "Can't you see her? She

is staring right at me. I can't move. It is Lot's wife. I am

Then, with agetting cold. She—is—turning me—into—salt."

wild shriek, he fell senseless to the floor.

"Slats"glanced hurriedly in the direction indicated. He gave

a quick start. Did he see aright"Was that really a woman'?

figure. Was not the face averted over the shoulder? And were

not the eyes staring into his own? Yes, lie could see the expression of awful terror on the face. He tried to turn his gaze from

338 IMPROVEMENT ERA

those terrible eyes that were piercing his very soul. He could

not. They held him by an irresistible power. A feeling of indescribable horror ran through him. He felt his limbs grow cold

and stiff. He thought his very heart had ceased beating. His

gaze transfixed, he slowly sank to the floor. That terrible look

pursued him. It was forcing him into some awful, horrible state.

With those eyes burning into his soul, he gave up and knew no more.

Beth and Muli waited impatiently for the boys to return,

Mtili pacifying his fright by reading aloud from the Koran,'and the girl perusing the autobiography of an old Roman traveler which she had picked up in an old library in Jerusalem and saved for just such an occasion. But when more than two hours had

passed, and Beth's anxiety could no longer be quieted, she told the guide to go and find the missing ones. He refused outright.

Not for all the American travelers and American gold in the world would he approach the accursed valley. Threats, bribery,

persuasion, in vain; he would not go one step tears—all were

nearer. Then suddenly Beth's face lighted up. Quickly she

reached for her book, and hastily turned the leaves until she came to a certain page. She read long and thoughtfully, and then a

smile spread over her face, "and she finally laughed outright.

Seizing a canteen of water from her horse, she hurriedly began the ascent of the hill, leaving the bewildered Muli almost speechless with amazement.

Finding the entrance to the cliff, she followed the path down into the valley. The heat that was so hard on the men proved

almost insufferable for her. Without the canteen she would have

fainted more than once. When she reached the bottom, she was

totally exhausted, and only after a long rest could she proceed.

The sight of the cave caused the same mysterious smile to appear, and without a moment's hesitation, she entered. She observed the same beauties of the cave that had attracted the men,

and in addition she took particular pains to examine the marks on the wall, and she also made note of some timbers piled together in the corner. She did receive a great shock, though, when

she found her brother and her sweetheart lying unconscious on the floor. But her presence of mind did not desert her. Hastily

TTTE VALLEY OP RASEL-NASIR

sprinkling some water on "Dutch's"face, she was overjoyed to see him move. But his first words frightened her, "Take that

face away, take it away.''Finally she succeeded in calming him.

She was more than astonished, however, when "Slats,"on being revived, said exactly the same thing. But she did not wait to

question them there. Taking each by the hand she led them oui

of the place, still dazed from their experience.

They were sitting on the veranda of the hotel in Jerusalem.

"Slats"was telling the story of the adventure in Rasel-Nasir, and had just reached the point of their entrance into the cave, when Beth interrupted him.

"When you had been gone a long time I suddenly remembered what Publius Antonius says about the old Roman salt mines in the hills east of Jordan. I decided that Rasel-Nasir was such

a salt mine, and thought perhaps you had found some interesting antiques or relics. I wished both to see these myself and be sure

that nothing had happened to you, so I came down into the cave."

"But were you not frightened by what Muli had said about

Lot's wife?"asked "Dutch,"with rather forced unconcern.

"Certainly not,"Beth answered, "Publius mentions the saimstory, and besides, it was easy to see how the superstitious Arabs could connect the story of Lot's wife with an abandoned Roman salt mine. This I knew it to be when I saw the marks on the

walls. But I was more than frightened when I discovered you

lying unconscious on the floor. Tell me how that happened."

With a nudge and a wink to "Dutch,""Slats"answered. "Oh.

it was the heat that caused that. Let's go into dinner."

"The Cities of the Sun,"the second and enlarged edition, with twentythree illustrations, and two additional stories, is just out of press. The author, Elizabeth Rachel Cannon, traveled twice to Mexico

and excavated among the ruins there to gain information at first hand. In her work, we have seven stories of ancient America, founded

on historical incidents in the Book of Mormon, and illustrated from paintings by George M. Ottinger. and photographs by the author. The

stories are told in a style to attract and interest, and with a view to inspiring the reader to turn direct to the simple and beautiful language of the Book of Mormon itself. The book is recommended in

the M. I. A. reading course, and the stories are of a character to interest believer and unbeliever, young and old. The "Deseret News"

did the printing.

PRESIDENT CHARLES W. PENROSE

Charles W. Penrose.

Elder Charles W. Penrose, son of Richard, and Matilda

Sims Penrose, recently ordained one of the First Presidency of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, comes of an old

Cornish family, and was born at Camberwell, London, Feb. 4,

1832. While in childhood his father died, and Charles left school

at an early age, engaging in various occupations, until he heard and received the gospel. He was baptized May 14, 1850, ordained

a deacon June 30 following, and called as a missionary and ordained an elder, January 6, 185 1. As an inducement not to

engage in the ministry he was offered a good position under the government. However, he chose the ministry, and left London

early in March, walking to Maldon, Essex, an entirely new mis sionary field, where he began his labors without purse or scrip

Here he raised up a branch, also branches in Danbury and othei places. Later he presided over the London Conference and was

pastor of Cheltenham, Monmouthshire, Herefordshire, and

Worcestershire conferences, also of Birmingham, Warwickshire

Staffordshire and Shropshire. During his ministry, there were

wonderful cases of healing, and he baptized many converts. Besides, he composed songs and hymns for the Saints that have

become household words, and wrote articles for the Millennial

Star.

Having spent ten years in the mission field, he emigrated to

America in April, 1861, assisting in the charge of 620 emigrating

Saints from Liverpool to New York. They were thirty days

crossing the water, in the steerage. He continued with the company on trains to St. Joseph, Missouri, and then up the river to

Florence, Nebraska, crossing the plains with ox teams. The company were eleven weeks on the way from the Missouri river to

Salt Lake. He settled in Farmington, where he spent his time

in the summer farming, and in the winter teaching school. On

the 27th of October, following his arrival, he was ordained a Seventy, and became one of the seven presidents of the 56th quorum.

In the fall of 1864, he removed to Logan, where he taught school. The following spring he was called on a mission to Great

342 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Britain, and went with a company having mule teams. He left

his family in a log cabin and walked most of the journey to

Omaha. When it is remembered that the Indians were then on

the warpath, and that many of the travelers over the plains were killed, the journey was remarkable. Crossing the sea in the

steerage, with other missionaries, he was thirteen days from New

York to Liverpool.

With vigor he again took up his missionary labors in Liverpool, and later was changed to Essex, and then again to London, presiding over each of these conferences. He was later called

to be the assistant editor of the Millennial Star, for which he wrote many articles and poems, and helped in the emigration of the Saints. After the shipping season of 1868 had closed, he was

released and sailed for New York in a Guion boat, taking rail to the frontier, and then by rail went to Point of Rocks, at the end of the track of the Union Pacific, taking a stage from there to

Salt Lake. He was absent three and a half years.

Arriving in Utah, he engaged in the mercantile business with the firm of Shearman and Penrose, and when Z. C. M. 1. was organized, in 1868, the firm turned over their business to the Logan

branch of that institution, of which Elder Penrose became the secretary, bookkeeper and treasurer. During this period he also

acted as a home missionary in Cache county.

In 1870, he was called to Ogden to edit a semiweekly newspeper which had been established there by President Franklin D.

Richards, named the Ogden Junction, of which he became editor and manager, and in the course of a short time made it a daily.

He was ordained a High Priest on the 9th of April, 1871, and became a member of the High Council, also of the city council, serving besides as a home missionary.

In 1876 he was elected to the Territorial Legislature from

Weber county, and the following year was called by President

Brigham Young to the Dcseret News, of which he afterwards became editorin-chief.

In 1880-2 he was again elected to the legislature from Salt

Lake county, and served on important committees, framing many bills. In 1882, he was a member of the Constitutional Convention, and helped frame the proposed constitution of Utah. Two

years later, in 1884. he became second counsellor to President

Angus M. Cannon, of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion, in which

CHARLES W. PENROSE 343

capacity he served until the Salt Lake stake was divided, in [904.

In 1885 he went on a mission to New York and Washington and then to Great Britain, and while on this mission he traveled over the British Isles, also in Denmark, Sweden, Norway. Germany

and Switzerland, preaching in the principal cities. He wrote much

for the Millennial Star during this period. After scarcely a year's

absence, he was called home to take personal charge once more of the Dcscrct News, in which capacity he continued until the paper was taken in hand by Cannon and Sons, in October, 1892. He then

went to the Salt Lake Herald, as assistant editor, and subsequently became editorin-chief.

In 1895 he was appointed to labor in the Historian's Office.

In this capacity he compiled much Church history, wrote mainarticles for magaines aznd encyclopedias, besides pamphlets, etc.,

and on the 4th of April, 1896, became assistant historian of the

Church. Three years later, on the 1st of January, 1899, he was

again called to the editorial leadership of the Deseret News.

On the 7th of July, 1904, he was ordained one of the Twelve

Apostles, and immediately began his travels throughout the stakes of Zion, at the same time writing daily for the News, until October, 1906, when he was called to preside over the European mission, arriving in Liverpool on the 2nd of November that year.

He began the next day to visit conferences, and from December 1, 1906, until June, 1909, he wrote all the editorials for the Millennial Star, besides many articles for various newspapers, on the "Mormon"question. At the same time he traveled over Great

Britain, attending all the conferences twice a year in England.

Ireland, Scotland and Wales, besides holding numerous district and branch meetings, and visiting the missions many times in Holland, Belgium, Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, etc. In addition to this, he supervised the work in South

Africa, Turkey, and Greece, and directed the financial and emigration work at Liverpool. During this mission he made many

converts, and ordained many officers in the Church. It was his

business also to instruct missionaries, which he did, keeping up these activities during the entire time. Being released, he returned

from Liverpool to Salt Lake, arriving June 2T, 19 10, in a little less than nine and a half days, which is a record trip.

Since his arrival home he has been very active in the ministry, visiting quarterly conferences and preaching among the peo-

344 IMPROVEMENT ERA

pie. On the 7th of December, 191 1, he was called to be the second

counsellor in the First Presidency of the Church. He will be

eighty years of age on the 4th of February, 1912, and is receiving congratulation from "Mormon,"Gentile and of all Jew—people

classes, creeds and parties. Active and devoted, earnest and firm

in the faith, he is one of the most remarkable men that the Church has produced. He has a large family, but has had no time to

gain wealth, having devoted all his time to the public; yet his

business qualifications are such that had he desired he could easily have turned his mind in the direction of the acquisiton of wealth, and doubtless would have succeeded.

He has been regarded for many years as an authority on doctrine and discipline, and is known and beloved by the people in every part of the Church. Among his writings are, The Rays

of Living Light, published in English, Danish, Dutch, German, and Greek, etc., and circulated in Great Britain by many millions

of copies; also Priesthood and Presidency, which is extensively

circulated; Mormon Doctrine; Blood Atonement; The Mountain Meadows Massacre; Salvation for the Living and the Dead

A Spirited Controversy; besides many articles in the Contributor,

Improvement Era, and other Church magazines, and volumes of editorials on current topics in the Deseret News.—Edward H.

Anderson.

A Chip or Two Hewn from the Tree of Life

BY JOHN T. BARRETT

A grouch in a palace makes it a worse place than a hovel.

Sunshine in the soul makes the cot a restored Eden, and the inmates are in paradise already. A palatial house may be built with

gold, but it takes true hearts, with mutual understandings, to make the palace a home. Why build a palace for a home and

beautify the surroundings with that which gladdens the physical eye, and then make this visible Eden a hell by your presence in it? The inmates are the life of the place. In them lies the power

to make hell of an Eden, or heaven in the midst of the barren wastes. Not the place, but the life, and what we throw into it

A CHIP OR TWO HEWN FROM THE TREE OF LIFE 345

in the way of improvements, makes us happiest. It is easier to

get other's good opinion and approval of our conduct than to get our own. Be our professions what they may, the acts of men

may be deceptive, but to get the approval of our own good conscience is a task that demands a straight life in secret and openly.

I cannot afford to strike my brother a blow or speak ill of him. In selfdefense, I must desist, for the act hurts me worse

than it does him. By a strike I may injure the mortal frame of

my enemy, or friend, but his injury will heal, but there remains within me a wound that is a scar on the soul, and it will not heal.

The sooner we learn this lesson, the wiser and more cautious will we act in such matters. Strike if you must, but bear in mind, as

you do it, that the act is going to glance off the object which you seek to injure and rebound upon yourself with added force. His

body or reputation may be hurt thereby, but if I am the cause of the hurt, my mortal soul is sure to report a discord in the harmony of my life, and I am sure to be wounded. Christ recognized this

great fact when he said: "When thou art reviled, revile not

again.""If thine enemy smite thee on one cheek, turn to him the

is ruining his own castle other also."A man who does not do so

of character. His munitions of war are turned upon his own

forces; he is destroying his own defenses.

A Prayer

Our Father, who, from glorious mansions,

Crowned with light and love, Sends upon your earthly children

Sacred blessings from above.

Give to me another blessing, One that kings might envy me;

Not the wealth of pearls and diamonds,

Nor all the "lands beyond the sea,"

Nor the fame that men are seeking

Won by victory in a fight Give to me a nobler calling, One to know and do the right.

C. W. COTTAM

Cedab Citt, Utah.

photo by Johnson, December 1911

DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE

Dr. James E. Talmage

Dr. James E. Talmage, son of James Joyce Talmage and

Susanna Preater Talmage, recently ordained an apostle, was born on Sunday, September 21, 1862, at Hungerford, Berkshire, England. He was baptized and confirmed a member of the Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints at the place of his birth, June 15, 1873, and on the 18th of the following August was ordained a deacon in the Ramsbury branch of the London conference.

With his parents and their entire family he left the family home at Ramsbury on the 22nd of May, 1876. They were all bound

for LTtah and sailed from Liverpool on the 24th of the same month by the Guion steamship Nevada. They landed in Xew

York on the 5th of June, and arrived in Salt Lake City on the 14th of the same month and year.

According to the order then in vogue in the Church, which required that all immigrants be rebaptized, he was rebap- tized at Provo, LTtah, on the 12th of July following. His career

in the Church has been upward and onward ever since. On the

7th of December, 1877, he was ordained a teacher in the third ward of Provo, and an elder in the same city, on the 28th of

June, 1880. Four years later, on September 29, 1884. he was

ordained a High Priest, and set apart as an alternate High Councilor in the LTtah Stake of Zion. On the 10th of November. 190T,

he was sustained a member of the Deseret Sunday School Union, at the special conference of the Church on that date. He was

appointed and sustained to be one of the apostles to fill the vacancy caused by the appointment of Elder Charles W. Penrose as

second counsellor in the First Presidency, on the 7th of December, 191 1, and on the following day was ordained an apostle of the

Lord Jesus Christ and set apart as one of the Council <M the

Twelve Apostles of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, under the hands of President Joseph F. Smith, assisted

by his counsellors and members of the Council of the Twelve.

He was married to Mary May Booth, daughter of Richard

Thornton Booth and Elsie Edge Booth, at the Manti Temple,

June 14, 1888, and from this union there are the following chil348 IMPROVEMENT ERA

dren: Sterling B., born May 21, 1889, recently returned from a

mission to England; Paul B., born December 21, 1891; Zella,

born August 3, 1894, died April 27, 1895, of pneumonia; Elsie,

born August 16, 1896; James Karl, born August 29, 1898; Lucile,

born May 29, 1900; Helen May, born October 24, 1902; John

Russell, born February 1, 191 1.

Dr. Talmage received his common school education in the

national schools at Hungerford, Berks., and Ramsbury, Wilts.

On his arrival in Utah he entered the Brigham Young Academy at

Provo, in 1876, and was later a student at Lehigh University,

South Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, 1882-3, and of John Hopkins'

University, Baltimore, Maryland, 1883-4. From the Pennsylvania

institution he received his Baccalaureate degree, in 189 1, and the degree of Ph. D. from the Illinois Wesleyan University, in 1896.

He received also the degree of Doctor of Science and Didactics (D. Sc. D.) from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

in 1890.

Returning from his college studies in the East, he became professor of chemistry and geology at the Brigham Young Academy in Provo, in 1884, in which capacity he continued until 1888, at which time he became president of the Latterday Saints College, in Salt Lake City, then known as the Salt Lake Stake Academy. In this capacity he continued until 1893, in which year he

was appointed professor of chemistry and geology for the then prospective Church University, which institution was never completed as to its organization. In 1894 he became president of the

University of Utah, and Deseret Professor of Geology therein.

In 1897 he resigned the presidency but retained the chair of geology, which he resigned in July, 1907. and has since followed

the profession of consulting geologist and mining engineer. In

891 he was appointed curator of the Deseret Museum, and later ne became its director, which position he still holds.

Dr. Talmage has traveled extensively in Europe specifically

in the interests of scientific study, and was a delegate of the Royal

Society of Edinburgh to the Seventh International Geological

Congress, held in Russia, in 1897, in connection with which appointment he traversed Russia and crossed the Ural mountains and reached Siberia.

Aside from his college degrees he has had conferred upon him many distinguishing honors of a scholastic nature, among them

DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE 349

the following: Fellow of the Royal Microscopic Society of London (F. R. M. S.); Fellow of the Geological Society of London

(F. G. S.); Fellow of the Geological Society of America (F. G.

S. A.); Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (F. R. S. E.)

Fellow of the Royal Scottish Geological Society (F. R. S. G. S.)

Fellow of the American Society for the Advancement of Science

Life Asscoiate of the Philosophical Society of Great Britain.

In the domain of literature he has written a number of excellent works, among them: The First Book of Nature, Domestic

Science, The Articles of Faith, The Story of Mormonism, TJtc

Great Apostasy, Tables for Blowpipe Determination of Minerals,

The Great Salt Lake, Past and Present, and numerous contributions to scientific literature through the columns of standard publications.

True Riches

Seek ye not for riches, but be ever true,

Striving to learn wisdom, adding virtue, too.

And the Lord, possessing all that is on earth,

Will to you his blessings graciously bestow.

Seek ye not for riches, but for treasures true,

Even the great myst'ries shall unfold to you.

Life and joy eternal, peace, love, treasures rare,

In the Father's kingdom you shall know when there.

Seek ye not for riches, but do always pray.

There will be a blessing for those who ne'er stray.

Mansions, glory, power, increase evermore,

For the true and valiant, there will be in store.

Christian N. Anderson

Manti, Utah.

The Open Road

BY JOHN HENRY EVANS, OP THE LATTERDAY

SAINTS UNIVERSITY

Adventure VII. In Which Brocketts Gets On.

That winter Brocketts found employment, such as it was, with Caesar Bodkin. Bodkin had married a squaw, and in consequence there were eight little halfbreeds running about with

tawny complexion and straight, black hair, which they were forever tossing out of their eyes. And a hard taskmaster he proved.

Brocketts had to make many a brick those five months, without wasa wisp of straw. Bodkin did nothing on the place—which

filthy pipethe reason why he was a squawman—except smoke a

and lie around all day, mainly on the south side of the old log hut.

There were great stacks of wood to chop, cattle and horses to whichfeed, a huge barrel to fill with water twice a day—tasks

Brocketts had to do alone. The fare, as one might easily guess,

was poor in quality and worse cooked. And his board was all the

compensation the boy was to receive.

Nevertheless, those were halcyon days, and all on account of a school that he attended during those five months. The master

was a rare student and teacher. A western man, he had gone east

to study, had set his mark high, but, like a good many other large minds with small apportunity, he had had to struggle hard for what he got. He hoped to be a lawyer, he said, and was teaching

in the winter months in order to lay by money to return to Harvard. From the first he took great interest in Brocketts.

"I like you,"he said, "because you want to learn. You've

good stuff in you, and should go on."

And Brocketts did want to go on. During the time he was

not at work for Bodkin, he was at work for himself, and he meant to go on. The school house, a small log structure with paper

window panes and split logs on pegs for benches and desks, was not far from the house. Brocketts had obtained the inestimable

privilege of sleeping here in payment of the labor required to

THE OPEN ROAD 351

sweep it out every day. Sleeping in the school house was desirable in his case, because he could be alone and might sit up

as late as he wantedto without disturbing anyone or being disturbed.

Now, at the orphanage, whatever defects that institution may have had, Brocketts had received most excellent training in the

German language, in mathematics, and in Latin. But, after

leaving the orphan asylum, he had made some progress also in

English. As soon as he had made up his mind to go to America,

he cultivated the accmaintance of a German on board the Walrus who knew this language well. Him, therefore, he plied with questions as to what was the English for this and that and the other.

On the Maria Pinta several of the sailors were Americans and could speak little else than English. The company of these he

diligently sought and cultivated whenever he could, so that by the time he landed he could not only understand most of the simple exchoice, to be sure—but couldvocabulary of the sail—not too

press himself with tolerable freedom. Then, too, he had some

little practice in talking the language on the way, for his companions understood not a word outside of their native tongue.

Since his separation from them, he had heard and spoken nothing but English.

to advantage, having a Now he could study this language capable instructor. His teacher put into, his hands volumes of

history and literature and biography, which told powerfully on the mental development of this naturally talented boy. lie sat up

;half the night, studying these books by the light of a blazing fire

for the twentyfifth "deestrick"could not boast the possession of a lamp, and Brocketts'purse was too slender to permit even the small outlay necessary to buy a supply of candles, lie always took pains "to look before and after,"'but he never pined "for what is not."Magazines also he read—old ones, to be sure, in

the absolute sense, but new in a relative one, for he had never seen their contents before—and one of these made a profound impresssion on his mind. It contained an account of John Wanamaker

commercial successes.

From this moment he counted himself a merchant in the making. The biographies of scientists, men of letters, even inventors did not appeal so strongly to his nature. Merchandising

he considered was his natural calling. He would be a great mer352 IMPROVEMENT ERA

bargainer,chant, like his father and like Wanamaker—not a mere

but a man of wide interests and usefulness. I am not sure but

Brocketts'desire for wealth, mostly on account of his absorbing search of his parents, had something to do with this choice. But

if so, or if not, there was nothing ignoble in it. And besides, was

not his father a merchant—or had been?

But when school was over in the spring, he began to cast about him for some profitable occupation so that he might continue on his way west. There was little money in country places

in those days, and so Brocketts betook himself to Omaha.

There he fell in with a man who kept a small shoe store, with whom he worked for two dollars a week, including his board and lodging. He patched and mended shoes, he helped to make shoes,

and he delivered shoes, pair by pair, to any part of the town.

But Carlson broke up in business presently, and Brocketts was thrown once more on his own resources.

Next he worked in a printing office. Now, a printing office

is the place, of all places in the world, where you hear the news and a good deal that isn't news. And two things he heard while

he was here.

The first was a confirmation of all his hopes, and all that he had ever heard before, of the great Eldorado on the Pacific coast. Adventurers returning from the gold fields of California,

were loaded, not indeed with nuggets of the yellow metal, but with tales of the wonderful land. The fact that their purses were

so slender, even though their heads were full, should have been enlightening to young Brocketts. But it was not. And so, in

default of hard cash, these westerners spun out their yarns, saffron-hued as the metal they did not have, to an incredible length of which was manna to the hungry boy. How could—every word

he, a lad of less than sixteen, without any experience in the world expected to distinguish fact from fable, es-—how could he be

pecially since his mind had been tuned for the fable? And so

his appetite for the riches of the west grew apace.

The other thing that he heard while at the printing office concerned a strange people living in a place called Utah, on the way to California. They were called "Mormons."And they had

a way of killing those whom they did not like. It was really dangerous to be in Utah, especially if you were the least inclined to

be religious; for they seemed to hate religious folk worse than

THE OPEN ROAD 303

they did anyone else. Utah was a perfect network of underground passages, and if you did anything to the "Mormons"that

they didn't like, pretty soon you suddenly disappeared and nobody heard of you any more. One man told him about the Mountain Meadows massacre, in which he had a cousin that was killed.

Jt was a horrible story and made Brocketts'blood curule, but he liked to hear tales that made his blood curdle. Would the man

tell him some more?- And the man did. He took the gold fever

and suffered inexpressibly from it.

One day he heard of a place where he could get five dollar:*

it was in a the printer's he got only three—and asa week—at

store, he was the more anxious to secure it at once. So he quit

his position as printer's devil, and called on Mr. Nolan, the manager of the firm of Nolan, Scudder & Company.

"What's your name, sonny?"asked Mr. Nolan, a gruff, hardfeatured man.

"Brocketts, sir."

what?""Brocketts—Brocketts

"I don't know, sir."

"What? Don't know what your own name is? You're a

fine one, I must say!"

Brocketts told him briefly his origin, leaving out all allusion to his having been kidnapped.

"No! No boy works for me who don't know his own name

first thingand who comes from I don't know where. Why, the

I'd know, he'd be running off with my cash box!"

"You c'n trust me, sir,"Brocketts said innocently. "I've

never done anything like that."

"That's what every scalawag says. Clear out! There's no

place for you here."

That afternoon he took his way to the depot, bought a ticket as far as his money would go, and boarded a train for the land of the Setting Sun.

Adventure VIII.—In the Glare of the Headlight.

Brocketts'ticket took him to Denver. Here, at midnight, he

left the car, after everybody else had done so, and walked towards the end of the train. He stumbled in the darkness between two

tracks. Presently he came to the depot, but would not go in at

354 IMPROVEMENT ERA

that late hour, though, had he known it, that was the best place for him tinder the circumstances. So he wandered about, seeking

a place where he might lay himself down till morning.

For an hour or so he wandered about aimlessly, crossing and recrossing his path many times, but avoiding the lighted places.

As time wore on, fewer and fewer dark figures flitted through the stream of light that came from the engine's forehead and the windows of the station. If he could but have found an empty

box car, he would gladly have gone into it and trusted to luck.

Clearly, though, this walking about could not go on forever. He

must lie down and sleep. But where would he be safe from

tramps and cutthroats? As if tramps and cutthroats would

molest a poor boy that looked as if he had even less than fifty cents in his pocket!

In this frame of mind he came suddenly upon a square pile of new ties built up layer on layer crosswise to the height probably of seven feet. Clambering up with infinite difficulty, he sat down.

In a little while he took off his coat, lay down, and spread it carefully over him.

How unspeakably lonely it was! The great darkness and the

quiet frightened him. Whenever the wind, high above, cleared

away a cloud from the sky and a star blinked, he shuddered. To

his lively imaginings it was a gigantic eye full of all unkindness, and he expected every moment to feel a gigantic hand reach down and clutch him. At last, however, he fell into a fitful slumber.

When he awoke next morning the sun was shining benevolently into his face. It soon drove away the chill of the night and

brought warmth and cheer to his soul. For it made all the difference in the world to Brocketts whether the sun shone or clouds

darkened the sky. In a twinkling all last night's gloom and fears

were gone, and he was himself again.

He slid down from his high perch and began to explore his surroundings. He was pretty well away from the station, he discovered. Going over to a small cottage not far from the track,

he asked and received a hasty bowl of bread and milk, which he offered to pay for, but which the good woman who served him would not hear of. Meanwhile, he had made up his mind to go

on his way. The sun had done that, mostly. But how was he

going without money? He had not been in America ten months,

though, without hearing of a certain class of penniless men who,

THE OPEN ROAD 35a

especially in the west, often ride from town to town notwithstanding. Could not he, also, risk an empty box car?

Now, Brocketts had got more than a bowl of bread and milk from the little woman at the cottage. He had received some valuable information to boot. Which way was west? and was there

a train going in that direction today? Yes, there was; it would

leave in about an hour, for it was only nine o'clock; there it was

over yonder now. So he walked along the track a little way.

Passing the cars, one after another, he carefully scrutinized them, marking one that was empty and had a door invitingly open. He

sat down and waited, not far away.

At last came the warning tootoot of the engine, followed by a great puffing and grunting and spinning of the wheels. That

was a heavy load to pull, but as its head was down hill, the steam horse had a good foothold, so to speak. He got up and wandered, with apparent unconcern, toward the track, keeping a

close eye on the brakeman, who was walking along the car tops.

The engine snorted past. Ten or fifteen cars clicked by.

Here was the open box car. By this time the train was going

at a pretty rate. He trotted, or rather hopped, alongside it for a

few yards. Then, catching firm hold of an upper rod, he swung

himself breathless inside the car.

At first he was dazed by what he had done. He sat in the

middle of the car and looked out. But presently recovering himself, he moved to the door and sat down, letting his legs hang

over the edge at the door. "I might as well take in the sights

he said with amazing coolness, addressing the mountains and things in general.

The landscape was moving now with its usual circular rotation when you are on a train. Wasn't this fine, though! After

all, he had managed things well. He could go thus all the way

to California, he thought in his ignorance. And he pictured himself in the golden country getting rich, and then beginning the

long search for his parents.

"Hey, there, you!"

Brocketts started as if someone had shot him. Where did

that voice come from?

"What you doin'there, fellow?"

The word dropped straight down from above. The brakeleast, his legsman had seen him, then—at

356 IMPROVEMENT BRA

Now, what Brocketts ought to have done was to have answered the man from where he sat. But that is exactly what he

did not do. For, quick as thought, he jerked his legs in, ran to

the end of the car, and craned his neck in the direction of the door.

For a brief moment the noise of the train was as the voice of the last day. An awful fear took hold of him. Suddenly, in

the midst of it all, there appeared above the doorway first a pair of man's shoes, then a pair of man's legs, and finally a man's body, huge as a titan's, swinging by the hands from the roof.

The boy's heart beat loudly against his ribs, and his breath fairly stopped. He crawled down in the farthest and darkest corner,

endeavoring to bring his body into a microscopic compass, as if he could thus beguile the man into thinking he was somewhere else. Maybe, after all, the swinging man would drop out! Then

Brocketts.there would be no danger—to

But the obstinate fellow, instead, dropped in—safely—and

stood up in the middle of the floor, and cried angrily "Come out o'there!"

As Brocketts beheld the brakeman standing there in the light, he almost fainted through sheer terror. There could be no doubt

as to what would be done with him. It was a dreadful thing,

this stealing a ride, and he should never have done it. He had

heard of tramps being kicked out of empty box cars by angry brakemen, while the train was in rapid motion, and picked up afterwards by section hands, dead and mangled. And he pictured

himself, in a thoughtflash, passing through this horrible fate.

Then he would be as dead as the little drowned boy at Strassburg that was buried in his stead, and his parents would never know the difference! All this required but an instant. There,

meantime, stood the brakeman, glaring angrily into the darkness.

"I'll give you just ten seconds, my man, to come out of that!"he repeated with threatening firmness, at the same time

putting his hand to his hip pocket. For in those days every railroad man carried revolvers. In three seconds, however, Brocketts

came before the enemy, pale and trembling.

"Oh! and so you're only a kid!"And the man laughed.

"Where do ye think you're goin'?"

"To California, sir."

"Have you got any money about you?"

Here was a fresh difficulty. Brocketts'heart sank again.

THE OPEN RO VD

He replied frankly, "Only fifty cents, sir; but you c'n have that"

And he stretched out his hand with the money in it, which, however, the man refused.

"That wouldn't pay fcr the ride you've already had. Y

certainly didn't expect to go all the way to California on fifty cents, did you?"

"No, sir,"the boy answered truthfully, *'l i xpected t< there for nothing. I didn't think you'd see me, though."

The man smiled, after which there was an awkward pause.

Brocketts began to fear again; but before it had got to the former

point, the enemy himself rescued him from that condition. For

while Brocketts was debating in his mind as to what cour pursue, his unwelcome visitor grabbed one of the iron bars just outside the door and vanished the way lie had come.

What an agony of relief that was! The lad began to breath

naturally again. But he refrained from sitting down any

with his legs dangling outside. The scenery could go, now. And

this was no great loss, for after a time there was little else than sage brush and sand to be seen. '

At Evanston, in Wyoming, he lost his train, lie ha '1 henout to procure some food, and wandered about too long.

was nothing to do, however, but wait patiently for the next one-.

That next happened to be a passenger train. It stopp<

as dusk was falling and while Brocketts loitered near the depot.

Walking leisurely to the tank where the iron horse was drinking he crossed the track immediately in front of the engine.

t Now, he happened to observe a fine platform just under headlight, with two rods running from the outer d up number board, and everything looking for all the world had been put there to ride on. Just as he was inspecting this

a view to its utility, the conductor shouted:

"All aboard In a flash Brocketts threw himself on this ledge. In anoth

flash the fiery steed shot off into the night.

That was a ride, surely! The engine puffed and

It trembled like a live thing. It plunged ever on and on

one eve threw a glaring funnel of light over the railwas blackness \nd there sat Brocketts, a n under that eve. holding on with desperation to the rods 01

i r he had had pres side of him.'He was hatl

358 IMPROVEMENT ERA

enough, at the start, to secure it under him. His hair stood up

in the wind, or rather fell back over his head. His face was leprous

with terror. His eyes, now shut tight, now staring like a spectre's, almost flew out of their sockets. To move was certain death.

To sit still, it might be, was death also. But he held on.

At the first stopping he scrambled off like one possessed, and searched for another place. There was just time for him to get

on the front platform of the blind baggage, immediately behind the engine, in the midst of a crowd of illsmelling Indians in red blankets. Some trainmen, passing, held up a lantern and wondered at his scared countenance. Then the black demon plunged

again into the night.

But here was a fresh peril. He could stand the smell of his

neighbors. The fear of them did not smite his heart. But great

hisfloods of sparks from the smoke stack rained upon him—into

face and on his hair and clothes, each one of them burning hot as from the flames of Tartarus. This pitiless hail of red cinders

he stood for hours. He had constantly to shift his position, much

to the annoyance of the bucks and the amusement of the squaws, till in the long run he was driven to seek shelter under one of the women's blankets.

(To be Continued)

President John L. Herrick, of the Western States mission, writes

from Denver, Colorado, December 7: "It may be of rather unusual

interest to those who read the missionary news to know that upon a recent visit of the writer at Jamestown, North Dakota, where no one has yet been converted, the Church building that was hired for the occasion, to hold conference in, was filled to overflowing, and the principal newspaper of the town printed a column article about the meeting and the work of the Latterday Saints in that section. The group of elders laboring at Jamestown

is given: Left to right, E. C. Cook, Dingle, Idaho; Conference President

A. A. Rose, Midway; W.R. Hoover, Provo, Utah; front, J. S. Esplin,

Orderville, Utah,

From Nauvoo to Salt Lake in the Van of the Pioneers

The Original Diary of Erastus Snow

EDITED BY HIS SON, MORONI SNOW

XII.

In our last number the advance company had arrived near the Bear river. The journal continues

Sunday, July n. We remained in our place. A sulphur

spring was discovered near our camp, also a spring of what is called mineral tar or bituminous pitch, being, in the opinion of

Professor Carrington, about 87 per cent carbon. Some of our men

filled up their tar buckets and used it for wheel grease.

river, which was about two feet 1 2th. We crossed the Bear

deep with rapid current running north, and continued our course a little south of west sixteen and a half miles, over a countrj somewhat mountainous though generally of a smooth surface

There has been a very evident improvement in the soil productions and general appearance of the country since we left Fort

Bridger, but more particularly since we crossed Bear river. The

mountain sage has in a great measure given place to grass and a variety of prairie flowers and scrub cedars upon the sides of the this aftern< on and descendhills. We crossed the Bear River Divide

ed from the head of a narrow vale about three miles, and camped at the head of a broad and beautiful opening of the valley, wher two small springs run west. Here we found excellent spring

water, deep, black soil, and the best led for our stock we have it Matthew's Vale. 1 >n our right,had on our route. We named

in the side of the bluff, was a curious cave, extending under broad, shelving rock, which, by some means among the boys, gained the title of Riding's Cave. Toda) we have had

lope brought into camp, and there seems to be plenty of game wes

1of Bear river, but between the pass and Bear river we sau

t ancienl signs of buffalo, bul we are little. We saw bones and

360 IMPROVEMENT ERA

by mountaineers that there have been none of these animals west of the pass for some years.

The President being taken with a severe illness, and Captain

Rockwood of the first division being nigh unto death, and many others of the camp sick, it was thought advisable to stop. Twentythree of the best teams were selected, with the ablest men (Professor Orson Pratt at their head), to set forward and prepare the

way, and to make their way over the Lake mountains around the

Weber river canyon. The balance of us remained in camp until

Thursday afternoon, the 15th instant, when, the sick being on the mend, we again took up the line of march, and traveled down a vale four and a half miles, the President and Colonel Rockwood riding upon a bed in a carriage.

1 6th. We continued down the same valley six and a half

miles and camped about a mile from the main fork of Weber river.

Our descent was very rapid all day, while the top of the bluffs seemed to maintain about the same level. Down this narrow vale

runs a small creek, fed by the springs of the valley, which we had to cross about every half mile. Towards night, for about onehalf or threequarters of a mile, the whole, camp seemed

perfectly immerged in a dense thicket of large shrubbery and weeds with scattering trees which filled the valley. As we

emerged from the thicket we passed through some extensive beds of what mountaineers call "wild wheat,"small patches of which we have seen all the way from Bear river. On the right hand,

from the thicket down to the river, is a range (nearly perpendicular) of conglomerate rock or puddingstone of immense height.

On the left, the bluffs, though equally high, were a little more sloping, and covered with vegetation. The extreme heights on

either side of this evening's encampment are probably not less than 1,500 feet, and the valley about onethird of a mile wide.

17th. We followed down the creek to where it forms a junction at right angles with the river, which here runs about northwest, down which we traveled about one and a half miles, when

the President, growing worse, became unable to ride, and we camped upon the right bank of the river, two and a half miles from our last night's encampment. This afternoon a quorum of

the Priesthood ascended the heights about two miles, and appeared before the Lord, and offered up their united prayers in behalf of

President Young and the sick in camp, and the Saints who are

IN THE VAN OF THE PIONEERS 361

following, as well as for our wives and children whom we have left behind. As we descended, we discovered in the head of a

deep ravine that opens to the river valley, a conglomerate column, about one hundred and twentyfive feet high, thirty feet in diameter at the base, and ten at the top. The round stones composing

the column vary in size from a pebble to those that would weigh five hundred pounds.. Its top may be seen from the road about

one and a half miles below the mouth of the small creek. Upon

a further examination of these hills, we found numerous smaller towers of a similar kind, resembling old factory or furnace chimneys, all situated in the heads of hollows extending up near high points of the hills, and masses of stone below them, showing a continual wearing down of these columns, though in the wearing down of the hills these had so far resisted the operation of the elements. In many places we found where similar columns had

been prostrated, and, sliding down the rugged steeps, had formed windrows of stone resembling a prostrated wall.

in camp, reSunday, the 18th. We had a prayer meeting

membering before the Lord the case of the President and the sickin camp, and also in the afternoon a meeting for breaking bread excellent meeting.and instruction and exhortation. We had an

The Holy Spirit was upon us, and faith seemed to spring up in every bosom. In the afternoon the President, who had been nigh

unto death, was very sensibly better, and the effects of the prayers of the brethren were visible throughout the camp.

it Monday, the 19th. The President and the Twelve thought

not advisable for the camp to wait longer for him, and about forty teams left our encampment on the Weber, accompanied by

Apostles Willard Richards and George A. Smith, with instructions

to follow the advance company led by Elder Pratt, and halt at the first suitable spot after reaching the lake valley and put in our seed potatoes, buckwheat, turnips, etc., regardless of our final

location. Elders Kimball, Woodruff and Benson, and others, refollowed down the mained with the President and the sick. We

river about three miles, forded it. came in sight of the canyon,

where turning to the left, we took Pratt's Pass and ascended a mountain, which was a gradual rise, frequently crossing the rivupassed several excellent let which flowed down the valley. We

springs, and reached the summit a little after noon, which was

Our descent was over a rough about six miles from the river.

362 IMPROVEMENT ERA

road, which we found necessary often to stop to repair, though our advance company had worked it much. We descended nearly

five miles, and struck a large creek, which proved to be a branch of the Weber river, which Elder Pratt named Canyon Creek, from the fact of its entering a tremendous, impassable canyon, just below where the road strikes it, and also winds its way between these mountain cliffs and empties into the river between the upper and lower canyons on that stream. Here the road took up the creek

south, and the snowy mountains, encircling us on the south and west, rearing their heads above the intervening mountains, showed

T e stoppedus plainly that our climbing was not yet at an end. W

tonight nn a small patch of grass, surrounded by the thick shrubbery on this creek, having traveled thirteen and threefourths miles. (To h<) continued)

ELDERS OF THE LOUISIANA CONFERENCE

Back row, left to right: Calvin C. Pendleton, Cedar City. Utah;

Edwin R. Bulkley. Burley, Idaho: Paul E. Wrathall. Grantsville, "William W. Farley, Peterson, T. Norton Brunker, Willard, Thomas S.

Butterfield, Herriman, Utah. Front row: Ray Parkinson. McCammon,

William H. Facer, Malad, Idaho; Conference President John W. Arrington, Milford, Utah; John IT. Hutchinson, Marysville, Idaho; Price

Brinkerhoff, Woodruff, Arizona,

Tribute to Erastus Snow

BY HEBER J. GRANT, OF THE QUORUM OF THE TWELVE

APOSTLES

[Elder Heber J. Grant, being unable personally to attend the

Homecoming exercises at St. George last Fall, sent a letter of regret,

under date of September 14, 1911, to President Edward H. Snow, of

the St. George stake, which contains a welldeserved tribute to Erastus

Snow, the colonizer and pioneer, and founder of St. George. We are

permitted to make the following extracts.—Editors.]

Dear Brother Snow: I cannot tell you how much I regret not being

in St. George yesterday morning when your "homecoming"exercise

commenced. I have been looking forward lor months. to the pleasure

of meeting you. I am with you in spirit, if absent in per.- on. You

are going to have a glorious time, and one long to be remembered with pleasure. I hope and pray that nothing may happen to mar the pleasure of the occasion. As a pioneer and colonizer, I look upon your

father as having been second only to Brigham Young, among that wonderful body of men who were the early members of the Church, in the settlement of Utah.

When I was made one of the leaders of the Church, no words of

Imine could express the weight of responsibility which came to me.

was grateful to have been so honored of the Lord. My cousin, An-

I sent himthony W. inns, was in the City of Mexico at the time, and

a copy of the revelation given to President John Taylor, calling Brother

George Teasdale and me to the Council of the Twelve, and a copy of

I lookedthe blessing given me in my ordination, and wrote him that upon your father as the ideal apostle in the Council, at the time. He

was in very deed the servant of the people, and labored unselfishly for their advancement. During the years of my association with him,

from October, 1882, until his death, I saw nothing in his public or private life to change, in the least degree, the splendid opinion I had formed of him prior to my being called to the quorum. No men on

earth are more intimately associated than the members of our quorum, and nowhere are men better able to judge their fellow men than in our

Council.

Your father was loyal, true, patriotic, devoted. There are no words

of mine too strong to do full justice to his memory, and pay him the full meed of praise to which he is entitled. In thought, word, and

deed he was true to God, his Church, and his fellowmen. Like Nephi

of old my dear brother, you have been born of goodly parents. From

the bottom of my heart I earnestly pray that you and all of the sons and daughters of Erastus Snow may so live that your lives will be 364 IMPROVEMENT ERA

worthy of the noble example of your most splendid father. I could

go on writing you of your father's life and labors, which were an inspiration to me, for an hour or two, but I will only pay him one more tribute. I want you to get, if you do not have it, the little pamphlet

giving the talks at the funeral of the Prophet Brigham Young. To

my mind your father's was the finest tribute to that great man which was paid to him on the occasion of his funeral. Your father was one

of the greatest of the men who sat in Utah's legislature, from time to time. * * * *

It is a real pleasure to sit here and pay this tribute of love and respect to your father. I said I would mention one item, and then

close, but I cannot do justice to my feelings and fail to mention one more of the things which made me love your father.

'Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world."James 1:27.

Your father's life was an example of "pure religion and undefiled before God."

He came to conference from St. George, twice a year, and there

were some ten or fifteen widows whose homes he never failed to visit;

and if he could arrange to take a meal with these widows, he did so.

My dear mother's home was one of those honored by his visits; and

I thank the Lord for this, as but for mother being so honored I should never, in my youth and young manhood, have learned to know and love him as I did. I saw more, by far, of your father, and had more

counsel, love and advice given to me by him, notwithstanding he lived three hundred and fifty miles from Salt Lake, and had a tendays'journey to get to conference, than from any other of the leading brethren in the Church. I have never known a father's love, but many

men have given me, as far as this was possible, the love of a father;

and your father was one of the chief among the number. Not only

did I have your father's love and counsel, in the home of my beloved mother, but I had it often in the home of another of the widows where his love and blessings were extended, and where the young lady, who afterwards became my wife, called him "Uncle Erastus,"a title which

I, with much pleasure, appropriated after he had married to me my dear departed Lucy. I have always been thankful that I went clear

to *St George to have your father seal Lucy to me.

Bishop Edwin D. Woolley was a father to me, all the days of his

life, and I would love to pay him a tribute. Uncle Israel gave me

all the love of his big heart. My mother's sister, Aunt Anna, than

whom I have never known a purer, sweeter soul, was second only to my mother in my affections. As a boy, I loved my cousin Caddie, and

my love for her grew with my years. I could go on writing for hours

in praise of those I loved, and who had so much to do in settling "Dixie,"in person, or by their descendants, but I must close. The

clock has just struck three a. m., and I will say good morning, and go

back 'o ted. I have been rather an early riser this morning. I woke

TRIBUTE TO RRASTUS SNOW 365

up a few minutes after one, and my mind and heart were in St. George,

and I knew I could not go to sleep for two or three hours, and so concluded to have a visit with you, on paper, which was the next best thing to seeing you in person.

May God bless you and yours and all of the posterity of Erastus

Snow, and the noble band of men and women who aided him in redeeming "Dixie, 'is my most earnest and heartfelt prayer.

Wishing for you, one and all, peace, prosperity and happiness, throughout the journey of life, and an eternity of joy in the life to come, I am, with love, Your affectionate brother, HEBER J. GRANT.

Elder Grant at the same time sent a letter to Willard Snow, at

Salt Lake City, from which we make these extracts:

My Dear Willard: It was a source of keen regret to me to not

have the pleasure of attending the "homecoming"at St. George. Yesterday morning, I wrote my regrets to your brother Edward H. I am

sure you will read my tribute of love and respect to your dear, departed father with some interest, and therefore, I am handing you a copy.

I recall the fact that you are one of the sons who not only had a father second to none in the Church, for devotion to the work of the Lord, but that like myself and my cousin Anthony, you had a mother who was among the most devoted and lovable women I have ever known.

Mother, Aunt Anna, and your mother were devoted friends. Josh

Billings once said, "Never judge a man by his relatives; he can't help

them, they are crowded upon him. But judge him by the company he

keeps, because he picks his own."

Judging your mother by mine, and Aunt Anna, I do not know a higher compliment that I could pay her. There are a few sermons

which I have preached, in my life, that I shall never forget, because of the great liberty that I had in speaking. There is nothing in all

the world that I have ever experienced that can equal the supreme joy and satisfaction which one experiences on occasions of this kind.

is said is published,We do not say anything new, or, in case what there is nothing which will strike the average reader's mind as being remarkable; but it was the Spirit that gave life to what was said, and

that fuled the heart to overflowing with gratitude for the inspiration which we felt. I well remember meetings with the elders, when in the

European mission, that lasted for hours, and where the rich outpourings of the good Spirit were so great that nearly every man wa,s melted to tears. One of the brightest spots in my life, at a funeral, came to

me in the Eighteenth ward, at the funeral of your dear mother, on account of the blessings of the Lord poured out with a rich portion of his Spirit. Her noble life was an inspiration to me, and in paying my

tribute to her, I was blessed of the Lord as I have se'.dom been

I recall that, after the funeral.blessed in my remarks at a funeral.

Lorenzo D. Young walked up to me; he was not then in the Church,

having lost his standing, and with tears running down his face, he expressed his approval of all that I had said, and his deep sorrow that 366 IMPROVEMENT ERA

his bad and careless habits had such a hold upon him that he could not live the gospel. He said, "Heber Grant, you no more know the

gospel is true than I do."I have never forgotten his deep sorrow,

and how my heart went out in love and deep sympathy to my dear childhood, boyhood, and manhood, friend. We had been near and dear

friends all our lives, and I could not help loving "Renz"for the big heart he had, although heartily disliking the life he led. His life is

a warning to us, one and all, that we must not neglect small duties, as they are sure to lead us to the neglect of larger ones. ******

There is no good thing, no blessing, my dear Willard, which I would not gladly see come to you and yours. Gusta and Dora have

always been devoted friends, and I hope their friendship may continue throughout the eternities to come. Gusta and Mary went to St. George

to the "homecoming."I am inclined to think Gusta would have

backed out when I gave up the trip, had she not been appointed to attend the convention of the Young Ladies, which is being held in connection with the quarterly conference.

With love and blessings for you and yours, I am, your affectionate brother, HEBER J. GRANT.

Elder H. M. Whitaker, president of the Georgia conference, gives

an account of the conference just convened at Atlanta. Elder Heber

J. Grant, of the Quorum of Twelve Apostles, with Mission President

Charles A. Callis, were in attendance. Elder Grant had the privilege

of speaking in the First TJniversalist Church, in Atlanta, by the minister's invitation. The

Latterday Saints as a body attended the services. "Our hearts beat

with gratitude as we listened to Elder Grant's inspired words, realizing that we were under the voice of an apostle of Jesus Christ.

By the request of the minister, Elder Grant spoke on the subject, Why I am a "Mormon,"and if ever a man spoke with the force and power of conviction, Elder

Grant did, at that time. At the close of the sermon, the pastor of the

church told his audience that for once in his life he had heard a man speak who thoroughly believed every word he uttered, and he wished that the members of his church would partake of the inspiration."The

elders in the photo are, left to right: Robert H. Wallace, Rexburg,

Idaho; Clarence Hart, Menan, Idaho; Milton H. Whitaker, Kanosh,

Utah; Willard C. Stolworthy, Kirtland, New Mexico. They compose

what has been christened the "Gate City Quartet."

A Young Sculptor

In nearly every New York newspaper recently, also in

Harper's Weekly, The Youth's Companion, and other eastern publications, there have been long and flattering notices of the art work of Avard Fairbanks, a Utah boy, son of J. 1!. Fairbanks and

Lillie A. Huish Fairbanks, born February 26, 1897, in Provo. I H

mother died when the boy was only a year and two months old.

He is the youngest of eight boys in the family, all of whom were taken care of by their only sister, who was less than twenty years of age when the mother died. The father of Avard, and also his

oldest brother, J. Leo Fairbanks, are artists, the latter also being

a sculptor.

The buffalo herewith was moulded by Avard and dedicated to the public schools of the United States. Avard has always

taken some interest in watching his brother and father work. About the only talent he

manifested was his willingness to try. In

the public schools of Salt Lake City he seemed to take a pride in the fact that his brother was art supervisor, which appeared to inspire him with a desire to do better than the other children. In the fifth

and sixth grades he did some very clever modeling. When only twelve years of age

he took great delight in visiting his brother's studio and watching a young school boy,

John Snyder, draw and paint. The vacation mornings were spent in this way for avard Fairbanks

1 can nearly a week, when Avard one morning said: "I believe

draw as well as that boy. Will you let me try?"Of course, the

opportunity was given him, but he was disappointed with his effort, and said, as a kind of consolation to himself: "Well. I can

beat him modeling."

mud Next morning John saw Avard with a large piece of it working from a rabbit. It proved to be a splendid model, but

was spoiled in the casting, because the older brother wanted the

He cried over the figure, boy to gain the experience of casting.

368 IMPROVEMENT ERA

but determined to make a larger and better one, which was nearly life size. It was exhibited at the state fair in 1909.

While the two boys were working at their separate tasks, the elder brother was modeling a mountain lion from a drawing which he had made in the New York Bronx Park the preceding

Buffalo—by Avard Fairbanks.

summer. During the remainder of the year Avard was much occupied with play and his school work, but managed to make a few

figures and a little relief portrait of his father. The father went

to New York in February, and in June Avard was taken to his father for company, and partly to relieve his sister of her many duties. The thought of an effort to educate him in art did not

enter the transaction. He was anxious to complete the eighth

grade, but thought he might do it in New York the following winter. In New York he went to the Metropolitan Gallery because there was nothing else for him to do. To occupy his time,

the secretary of the museum was asked to issue a permit that would allow the boy to copy some of the sculpture in clay. After

much pleading, and promises to take the young artist from the gallery if he were not steady and serious, a permit was granted.

There was always a crowd around the youth's modeling stand, and his work was so good that apologies were hardly enough to relieve the secretary of his embarrassment in having

A YOUXC, srri.PTOR se

wished to withhold the permit. With this success, Avard wanted

to go to the Bronx Park and mould the lioiib thai his brother had tried. Here he attracted the attention of the keepers, who

secured the sculptors'studio for him to work in. Any animal he

wanted to mould would be brought him in a cage. Noted animal

sculptors worked in the studio with him, gave assistance, and criticized his work. The famous animal anatomist, Mr. King,

became interested in him. Other admirers watched him; and

newspaper articles praised him and showed his work. A special

scholarship in the New York Student's Art League was secured for him.

At thirteen years of age he exhibited in the National Academy of Design, and at fourteen he has again exhibited. He is the

youngest artist who ever exhibited in this exclusive exhibition.

This year he has secured another scholarship, and is improving steadily. Mr. Dallin says of his buffalo that he has no criticism

to offer on it. The distinction that has already come to him is

the envy of many older artists. Tiffany & Company have had

some of his work cast in bronze, in order to have the exclusive sale. Gorman & Company, the next largest dealers in fine bronze

in the country, have had casts made from some of his other work.

From the sale of these bronzes the boy obtains a royalty which is helping him a little, but not enough to furnish him with tinmoney he requires, and he is really in need of financial assistance.

in love with his religion.He is steady, sincere, earnest, and much

—Edward H. Anderson.

B. D. Clyde, Jr., writing from

Fremont, Nebraska, December 1, says that the work is progressing nicely in that district. In the

course of a few weeks the elders have made many earnest friends, who manifest considerable interest in the gospel message. The

elders are, left to right, back row:

R. A. Goody, Clarkston; A. T.

Smith, Wanship; front row: J. H.

Robertson, Fountain Green, Utah;

W. W. Williams, conference president, Samaria, Idaho; E. D. Clyde,

Jr., Heber, Utah.

Editor's Table.

Every Day Affairs.

The following are the concluding remarks by President Joseph

F. Smith at the late October conference:

Now, my brethren and sisters, I want to thank you on behalf of myself and counselors, the council of the apostles, the seventies, the Patriarch and the presiding bishopric, who are the general authorities, for the unanimity that has been manifested here by the uplifted hands of this vast congregation, with reference to the matters that have been presented to you. I understand this as

an evidence of good will, of faith and of fellowship, on the part of this vast congregation to all the authorities, both general and local, or auxiliary that have been presented before you, and that you will all abide the pledge you have given to the Lord, and to one another, by the uplifted hand, that you all mean to uphold and sustain these officers in all these various organizations, from first to last; that

you will not backbite them, that you will not find fault with them without a cause, that you will not try to injure their influence or hinder their progress, or interfere with their legitimate work, but that, on the contrary, you will do everything you can to help them, to benefit them, bless them, and encourage them in the good work in which they are engaged.

Now, may the Lord God Almighty bless and preserve his servants from evil works, from all error and mistakes. Oh, that the Lord

God will guide his people, and not leave them to the guidance of man. I testify to you that no man has ever led the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, in the sense that by his own wisdom and intelligence, and by his personal power and influence, he did it. I maintain and testify to you that it has been the power of God

that has guided this people from the days of the Prophet Joseph down to the present moment. No man of himself is responsible

for it. Therefore I pray that the Lord may bless his servants,

that they may do nothing contrary to his will, that they may do nothing injurious to his work, that they may not lay any block or obstacle in the way of the progress of the kingdom of God, that

EDITOR'S TABU-: 371

they may do nothing to grieve or hurt the feelings of the faithful children of the Father, throughout all the Church.

And I pray God to bless every organization of the Holy Priesthood that was revealed through the Prophet Joseph Smith, from the deacon to the apostle, each in its place, and each man in his place, and that the Lord may help each one to perform his duty, whether that duty may be great or small. I pray God to bless

the teachers, the men that are called by the bishops and sent out among the Latterday Saints to teach them the principles of rightliving, the principles of the Gospel, the principles of unity, of harmony, of righteousness and of equality and justice, the principle of love and kindness between husband and wife, between parents and children, between neighbors, and in every way to teach the people righteousness, faith in God, in Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Spirit which proceeds from the Father and the Son, and bears witness of them to the children of men, faith in the Prophet Joseph Smith and in the divinity of his mission, faith in the intent and purpose and power of God to carry out his purposes and designs among the children of men, and faith in the destiny of God's work, in the destiny of his people, that we may not wander away nor be misled into error and doubt by those who are cunning and crafty, and who lay in wait to deceive and mislead the people of God, from their righteous ways.

I pray God to bless all our auxiliary organizations, from the first to the last, that they may do their duty, that they may not sit idly down and neglect to work. The idler is not in favor before

the Lord, and he that is idle is in danger of temptation, and of falling into the power of the adversary. We are only safe when we

are doing, when we are at work, when we are in earnest, when we are engaged in the discharge of our dutv; and when this condition

exists with us, we are safe, for then we arc in the hands of God, and not in the hand of the adversary.

Oh God, bless the Holy Priesthood, these noble men, pure men, just men, men of honor, men of integrity, men who have gathered out, many of them, from the nations of the earth lor the love of the gospel, and many of them have been born under the covenant of the Holy Priesthood,—and I pray God to bless you,

my brethren, with an abundance of his goodness, of his mercy and loving kindness, that you may prosper in the land, that you may be indeed truly Ins servants.

372 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I pray you, and I pray God to help you, fathers and mothers, to teach your children the principles and precepts of the gospel of Jesus Christ, that they will grow up without sin unto salvation.

I pray that God will help you to rear your children in the love of truth, in the love of virtue, free from the contaminating vices of the world, free from defilement, from drunkeness, from the use of tobacco, from strong drinks and narcotics, and vice of every description, that you will teach them to be pure in their lives, in their habits, that they may be holy temples in which the Spirit of the living God may dwell and find congenial habitation. It is

your duty to do it, and it is my duty; it is the duty of every man

living to teach his family these things, and bring them up in the way they should go.

May the Lord bless our Presiding Bishopric, on whom rests so much responsibility of gathering and assisting in keeping the records, receiving and disbursing the tithes of the people for every purpose for which it is appropriated towards the building up of

Zion, the building of temples and school houses, the compensation of teachers in our schools, the care of the poor, and the paying of other expenses. O may the Lord bless our Bishopric that they

may be fathers and not masters, that they may be tender in their hearts towards God's poor, and wise and prudent with reference to the "poor devils"who would impose upon them and upon the

Church, if they could. May the Lord bless them with wisdom,

knowledge and understanding, that they may not be deceived, that they may not yield to any kind of temptation, but that they may be true and faithful before God, that they will be able to give a faithful account of their stewardship before all the people of the

Church, and, when necessary, before the people of the world, but more especially before the great Judge of the quick and the dead, for it is to him that we will eventually have to answer for every work and every word that W6 have done and said in this life. For

every man will be rewarded according to his works, whether they be good or evil.

The Lord God bless Israel, not only all Israel, but the honest in heart in all the world. The Lord bless the Executive of this

great Nation, the man that stands at the head, together with his

Cabinet, that they also may be men of wisdom and of sound judgment, that they may be able to devise ways of peace and good will on earth, that there may be peace everywhere, that war may

EDITOR'S TABLE 373

cease, that strife, contention and oppression, of every description, may be checked and subdued by the wisdom of the great statesmen and capable, honest judges of our country. One of the greatest menaces to our country is that of the combination of men into

irresponsible, reckless mobs, wild with prejudice and fanaticism, led by men of ambition, or passion, or hatred. There is no other

thing in the world that I can conceive of so absolutely obnoxious to

God and to good men as a combination of men and women filled with the, spirit > of mobocracy. Whenjmen combine together to

stop or shut off the food supply from the mouth of the honest laborer, to starve the man that is willing to work, and the wife and the children who are dependent upon him, because he is not willing to join a mob, that is one of the most infamous perils and menaces to the people of our country today. I do not care who they are,

or what name they go by. They are a menace to the peace of the

world, and I hope and pray that President William H. Taft and

his Cabinet and the Congress of the United States will be able to devise means and measures by which the constitutional laws of this government will be executed for the protection of the lives, the liberty and happiness of all its people, against mobocracy of every kind and description. Whether it be in the form of soulless

corporations, monopolies, or other combinations, it matters not to me. Let the strong hand of the government put a stop to any

thing that is tyrannical and unjust, anarchy and all else calculated to sow the seeds of destruction, poverty and ruin upon our land.

Now I must quit, so that you can catch the train. The Lord

itbless all Israel. The Lord bless our government and make

great, and help those who are at the helm to increase its greatness, and that it may be sustained on the principles of eternal justice, righteousness and truth.

I pray God to bless our choir; not only this choir, but all the

other good choirs of the Latterday Saints, and especially this, on this occasion, when they are about to start from here to visit New

York and to sing for the world. I pray that the Lord will give

them success, help them to win honor and laurels for the people of

Utah, for the singers of Zion, and especially for the great Salt Lake

Tabernacle Choir. The Lord bless Brother Stephens, at their

head, and Brother McClellan and those assisting them, that they may be true to their trust, honorable, and faithful, and carry with them the virtues and honor that men cannot bestow, and that only exist in the souls of the righteous.

374 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Two Corrections

Of course, most people have read of the ancient calf and the faithfulness with which generations of men followed and built in and beside his devious path. That such things are still done

was shown in the January issue of the Era, in the illustrations to the article, "Tour of the Tabernacle Choir,"page 240, where the associate editor fell in line with the photographer of the sacred grove, and said it was "where Joseph Smith held communion with the angel."Now everybody knows that it was here that Joseph

held communion with the Father and the Son, and it should have been so stated, regardless of the photographer's dictum. Again,

on page 242, the old home of the Prophet is shown, "where the angel visited him and a part of the Book of Mormon was translated."Now, the fact is that Alvin Smith died in November,

1824, and the house was not built until after his death, while the visit of the angel was made in 1823, when Joseph lived in a little house a very short distance from the building here shown, and which is now obliterated. In this instance, we followed the statements made to visitors, including members of the Tabernacle

choir. Again the calfpath. It remains only to be said, in addition, that there is no historical evidence to prove that any part

of the Book of Mormon was ever translated in Palmyra, that being principally done in Pennsylvania, and in Fayette, Seneca county, New York.

Messages from the Missions

An elder traveling in England writes, under date of November 22, of an amusing incident which occurred while he was traveling from

Bristol to Liverpool. He says: "I stepped into a railroad compartment

occupied by a woman of middle age, neatly dressed, and intelligent, and her three children—a boy and two girls, the youngest being five

years old. I said to her: 'These are beautiful children. Are they all

you have?'She answered: "Yes, and they are quite sufficient in number,'giving me the impression that she rather regarded them as a

burden, and yet she appeared to be quite watchful over them as we journeyed along. Finally she reached for a basket from among her

other luggage, for the purpose, as I supposed, of giving her children some lunch. When she opened it, a great Persian torn cat popped

EDITOR'S TABLE

into view. The animal completely filled the basket. The woman immediately reached for him, and hugging him 1o her heart, fondled and

kissed him, with every manifestation of genuine pleasure and satisfaction. I was at first startled, and was then left to wonder whether

the woman's love was going out to the three beautiful children, or the beautiful torn cat. It appeared for the time that the torn cat had the

decided advantage, but I am not quite sure, at this writing, but that the advantage was permanent. Dogs and cats seem to have the right

of way in this country, as in pretty much every country, except in

Zion, among the Saints. The Lord forbid the day to come when these

animals shall take the place of children in the midst of his people."

Elders H. C. Tippetts and John H. Bridge, writing from East

Providence, R. I., December 9, state that the greater part of thenwork for the past six months has been done in the state of Connecticut,

their headquarters being now at New Haven.

July, August and September were principally spent in country work. They met with

good success, and distributed much literature, and made many friends. Three

baptisms were performed in November, and several applications were on hand for December. The headquarters of the conference has again removed to Providence,

where there is a nice branch, with regular weekly sacrament meetings and Sunday school, ail wellattended by Saints and investigators. They have elders in Pawtucket. Providence and East Providence,

and there is good reason for hope for a bright future for the Rhodt

Island conference.

Jasper H. Robertson. Fremont, Nebraska, writes. December 20,

stating that the elders in his field have spledind opportunities for explaining the gospel to the people. They obtained permission to

use the Reorganite Church at Blair, where they held some very successful meetings. President

W. W. Williams of Omaha, with

Elder Ira Moore, were present with them and assisted in the services. The work of the Lord

is progressing very nicely in this part of the state. The elders, left

to right, top row, are: William P.

Burton, Sandy. Utah; W. R. Sessions. Auburn. Wyo.; George D. Thorn

Iton, Neeley, Idaho; Jasper H. Robertson, Fountain Green,

bottom row: Mrs. and President W. W. Williams, Samaria. Idaho.

Priesthood Quorums'Table

II. In this lesson, I wish to say How to Take Up a Lesson.—Part

a word to the class teachers of our quorums. You must remember

that a successful lesson, one full of thought and interest, depends pretty much upon your own preparation and appearance before the class. One can not teach what one does not know. This is always

true. So, for you to be successful in your teaching, you must study

your lessons well, and get hold of some important thoughts to give those who are under your direction. These thoughts must be clothed

in as simple language as possible. Speak your way. Do not imitato

any author or speaker, but give your thoughts in the language and expression that are characteristic of your own very selves. Many

teachers make a mistake in trying to follow some one else's plan, and even using another's words and phraseology. In using the "Year

Book,"remember it is a text book, but no good teacher becomes the slave of the text, but he makes the text his servant and help.

The teacher must begin his preparation with an interest in the subject. He must remember that the best teachers never reach a

point where preparation is unnecessary. He studies his lesson, for he

is the directive force which is going to give life and vitality to the lesson. Just as he understands the lesson, so can he stimulate the

brethren of the class to thought and careful study. In taking up a

lesson, keep close to the subject. Do not allow the members to wander into untrodden paths and subjects, far from the lesson in hand.

Question the class closely, but do not give too much detail on any one point. In listening to the answers given by the members, respect what

each brother says, and keep always in mind that he has a view point, though he may not always be able to make himself clear. Your

thought should simply be added to what is given by the other brethren, and at the close of the lesson you should be able to make some broad and sweeping generalization, so that the members of the class may go home with some definite thought. This becomes a part of their

knowledge; in other words, a part of their very spiritual and intellectual makeup.

Should a member ask you a question about which you know little or nothing, frankly say so. Never try to answer a question about

which you have given no thought or study. No teacher is able to

answer all the questions asked him by those whom he is directing.

Always stand before your class, and keep up the interest by all kinds of devices that will keep the minds of the members upon the subject.

Be simple, be humble. Never be bombastic. Remember that a good

teacher leads and directs, but also gives his students the feeling that he is one with them in obtaining knowledge.—Levi Edgar Young.

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 377

A Deacon with a Good Record. Bishop A. D. Miller, Jr., of Parker,

Idaho, Yellowstone stake, calls attention to Joseph Housley, a young man who was the second counsellor in the third quorum of deacons of his ward, but on January 8, 1912, was made president of the first quorum. He states that the attendance of this young man at Priesthood meetings, for the year 1911, was perfect, he having attended

every evening for the year, with the exception of the 11th of December, when he was confined to his bed with la grippe. Not only has his attendance at priesthood meetings been unusually excellent, but he has likewise faithfully attended his

sacrament meetings, where he has taken part in the duiies of a deacon in the passing of the sacrament, in attendance at the door, seating the people, and doing other duties. The bishop adds: "As a

bishopric, we are proud of his record, and feel that he is entitled to worthy mention. He was born at

Paradise, Cache county, October 9, 1896, and is the son of Joseph B. and Lydia Housley, who have Joseph Housley

lived in Parker for the past eight years. Young Joseph is in the

seventh grade. This summer his father, who generally works at the

saw mill, handled the town herd, and trusted most of the work to

Joseph, who worked during the fall at threshing, topping beets, and general farm work. I venture he has gone to his meeting at different

times without supper."There are doubtless thousands of other lads

in the stakes of Zion who can show a similar record, and who, with him, get their reward in the joy of their labors.

Local Missionary Work. The fact that we need missionary work

performed in the stakes and wards of the Church, as well as in the nations of the earth, is dawning upon the authorities of the Church in a number of stakes. Early in September the presidency of the

Granite stake called sixtyone seventies, and on October 26, ordained them to labor in the various wards of the stake, among the people who were not members of the Church, as they would with people in the mission fields. Other stakes, notably Cassia, Duchesne, and Cache,

"have moved in the same direction. Good results have come from this

in many ways.

On the 31st of December last, the presidency of the Utah stake of Zion addressed the following communication to the First Presidency of the Church, relating to similar work:

Dear Brethren: It has occurred to the presidency of this stake

that it would be a good thing to appoint some special missionaries to operate in the Utah stake of Zion, exclusively among the population not belonging to our Church. In Provo, there are about two outsiders

to every five Latterday Saints; and outside of Provo there is about

one outsider to every five Laterday Saints; and the prospects are

that within the very near future we shall have even a larger population of non-"Mormons"within our stake.

Already we have emphasized this feature with our ward teachers;

378 IMPROVEMENT ERA

but we fear they will not be as successful in placing the gospel before the outside population as would special missionaries called for this purpose.

It seems to us that here is an excellent opportunity for the seventies to do a good work. Very few seventies are now in the mission

field. Last year there were only five representatives from the five

quorums of seventy in the stake. Our foreign mission work is carried

on almost exclusively by the elders and high priests. We believe that

we could select brethren from the seventies quorums who are capable, and who are willing to work exclusively, say for six months, putting in all their time; at any rate, we could find brethren who would put

in part of their time, and no doubt would accomplish much.

We have a great many people in our stake who have recently come among us from the various states of the Union, and who are wholly unacquainted with the principles of the gospel, and doubtless they are as good people as the elders find when they go abroad; and

should missionaries not succeed in converting many to the gospel, it would at least do one thing, and that is, it would create a friendly feeling among the "Mormons"and non-"Mormons,"which, of course, is desirable.

We wish to know if a move in this direction would be approved by you. We do not intend to slack our efforts in this direction with

our teachers, but we thought that more good might be done if some brethren were specially called for this purpose.

Very truly, your brethren, JOSEPH B. KEELER,

J. WILLIAM KNIGHT,

AMOS N. MERRILL.

The Presidency of the Church, as in the case of the Granite stake authorities and others, approve of the suggestion to have men act as missionaries to labor among the nonmembers of the Church within the boundaries of Utah stake, and doubtless the subject will be taken up in other stakes of Zion.

Commendable Resolutions. The following resolution, approved

by unanimous vote of the 143rd quorum of seventies, at La Grande,

Oregon, Dec. 17, 1911, is one of great interest. It exhales tbe true and

progressive spirit of the seventy, and we recommend its close consideration. The 143rd quorum has had many difficulties to overcome,

as all good quorums have had, but the difficulties have been met and conquered, and now, at the beginning of the year 1912, we have the members resolving to perfect themselves in the work of the seventy:

Realizing the great necessity for a greater activity among the seventies of our quorum, both for our individual welfare and the harmonious growth and development of our stake, we resolve as follows:

That we will take upon ourselves literally the name of Christ, and go forth in the power and office of our calling for the followingspecific purposes:

To create, by our example and precept, a stronger desire among the members of our quorum to be energetic, faithful seventies, as our calling contemplates.

To perform faithfully every duty required of us by our stake presidency and bishops.

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 379

To render obedience to the laws of the Church relative to tithing, fasting, fast offerings, and the word of wisdom.

To be sober, industrious, law abiding, and charitable representa tives of our country.

And remember ever, that to be a seventy means intellectual de velopment, spiritual growth, and the attainment of spiritual power.

Out of Doors in the West. Everyone who has attempted to teach

elementary general science in the west has found the great need of a text book dealing with western conditions. If it is botany one is

teaching, one finds that most of the text books available deal with plant life unknown to the Great Plateau region. If it is zoology one

is teaching, one finds, again, that the text books deal, in the main, with animal life native to other regions than that of the Great Plateau.

Or if it is physical geography one is teaching, one finds that the text books deal with conditions of mountains, of valleys, of plains, of rivers, not commonly met with in the Rocky Mountain west. For

a long time, therefore, it has been hoped that there would soon arise a man who would write a text book for classes in elementary general science, adapted to the conditions of our own west. As if in fulfilment of the teacher's wish, there comes now from the press of the

Skelton Publishing Company, a book entitled "Out of Doors in the

West."It is described on the title page as "Notes on Common Plants,

Birds, and Insects of the Rocky Mountain Plateau."Part one, the

volume now in hand, deals with "Sketches through Autumn and Winter."A second part, dealing with "Sketches through Spring and

Summer,"is promised. This extremely interesting and timely book

is written by Dr. J. H. Paul, Professor of Nature Study in the University of Utah. As the title page indicates, the book is a selection

of notes on Rocky Mountain plant and animal life. It cannot, therefore, possess the unity of structure that we should look for in a

production wherein every succeeding step depends upon the preceding step. But the notes are well selected. They are well written, in an

interesting and easy style. The book is profusely illustrated, with

cuts and beautiful colored plates. It cannot but be both entertaining

and instructive to both young and old. Moreover, the book is full

of scientific matter in small type, to satisfy the demands of the student and teacher, who wants to know more of the common plants, birds, and insects, considered in the book. It is with sincere pleasure

and appreciation that we recommend this addition to our home literature. Its value to the teacher in the grades, and in the secondary

schools, can hardly be overestimated. Besides, the book can be read

.with interest by the general reader. We commend Dr. Paul's efforts,

and shall look forward with joyful anticipation for the coming of the second part. At the book stores, price $1.50.

Passing Events

Elder John Leonard Hill was killed in a railroad accident at

Dickerson, Virginia, on the morning of January 9th. His home was

in Springville, Utah county, which he left fourteen months ago on a mission to the Southern States. He was laboring in the Virginia

conference.

John Carver, pioneer of Plan City, died at his home January 10.

He was born at Dorstone, Herefordshire, England, August 6, 1822. He

came to America in 1850, leading a company of pioneers across the plains in 1853. He was a lifelong builder of Weber county, and was

closely identified with many notable negotiations between the settlers and the Indians of that region.

A Carnegie Library was dedicated at Manti, Utah, January 2. Ail

places of business were closed and a general holiday was observed.

Governor William Spry, Superintendent of Schools A. C. Nelson, Professors J. H. Paul and Howard R. Driggs, state officers, were there.

Eight hundred persons were present. In the evening a reception was

held at the high school.

Rear Admiral Robley D. Evans died at his home in Washington,

D. C, on January 3, 1912. He was born in Floyd county, Virginia,

sixtyfive years ago, and entered the naval academy at Annapolis when a mere boy, being appointed by Wm. H. Hooper, Utah's representative

in Congress, in 1860. He took part in the civil war, and in the

destruction of Cervera's fleet off Santiago, July 3, 1898, and he recently conducted the Atlantic fleet around the world. He was known

the world over as "Fighting Bob."

The Oregon Short Line Railroad, in sending out their New Year greetings, name a few products originating on their line during 1911, and the list is very interesting, as showing what the new west is producing. The figures represent carloads: coal, 18,553; canned goods,

783; flour, 2,015; fruit, 1,442; grain, 7,645; hay, 5,372; livestock,

12,167; ore and bullion, 4,050; potatoes, 3,173; salt, 973; stone, 526;

sugar, 1,432; sugar beets, 5,229; wool, 1,064; all of which goes to show

that the country adjoining the Short Line is prosperous, and the year's increase will be greatly enlarged as the development of the country progresses.

Doctor Sun Yat Sen was elected president of the republic of

China, December 29, by a convention of fifty delegates chosen by the revolutionary leaders, but notwithstanding this action, the peace commission is still continuing to make arrangements for the national convention to decide on the future form of government, and observers in Peking regard the election of Doctor Sun as only a strategic move on the part of the revolutionists. About the middle of January, it

was expected daily that an edict would be issued announcing the

PASSING EVENTS 381

abdication of the throne, and the establishment of a republic, the people to elect a president.

Dr. James X. Allen, a pioneer physician of Utah, died at Ogden,

December 27, 1911. He was born November 19, 1830, in Yorkshire,

England, and baptized into the Church at the age of twelve. In 1853

he came to Ogden. He returned to St. Louis and joined the Union

army, and served from 1861 to 1864. He graduated from the St. Louis

Medical College, in 1867, returning to Ogden, where he was ordained a High Priest by Lorin Farr, in 1879. He was medical director of the

Department of Utah, G. A. R., at his death, and at one time local

commander. He is not unknown to the readers of the "Era,"having

contributed a number of articles for its pages.

"The Great Temple"is a pamphlet of 40 pages, paper cover, gw ing a description of the Salt Lake Temple, and the purposes for which it was built, written by D. M. McAllister, and published by the Bureau

of Information, Salt Lake City. The new edition just issued is richly

illustrated with fine cuts, not only of the exterior, but also of thp interior of the Temple, and the text is full of interesting doctrinal and descriptive information, valuable to strangers and Latterday

Saints alike. Through courtesy of the Bureau of Information, the

"Era"presents six of the interior Temple pictures in this number in connection with Dr. Talmage's article, "The House of the Lord."Send

orders for "The Great Temple,"25 cents, to the Bureau of Information, Salt Lake City.

Biographical Sketch of James Jensen. No monument erected to

the pioneers of our commonwealth is of such lasting value, both to the dead and the living, as the printed testimonies and lifesketches of the pioneers. If one were to choose a memento, and have his choice

between a great stone monument and a printed book, the wise man would choose a printed book for himself. His posterity would likewise

select a printed record as the most fitting, lasting and beneficial monument of any that could be produced. Hence, it is a pleasure to

note that a number of the pioneers of our commonwealth are printing, while they still live, their experiences and thoughts, and leaving them to their posterity as monuments to their labors. One of this class

of books, recently issued from the presses of the "Deseret News,"is the biography of Bishop James Jensen, of Forest Dale, written by

Dr. J. M. Tanner. In the space of 190 pages, the leading events in

the life of this estimable character are set forth. The subject matter

is interesting from beginning to end. Here is a man who came to this

land with a handcart company, in 1857. His struggles and experiences

in early life in Utah, on his missions, and in his official capacity in the Church are repeated in such a way as to create faith in every person who reads. The adventures on some pages are almost as interesting as a novel, and the accounts of the handdealings of the

Lord with the man are wonderful. An appendix contains various official acts of the bishop, in his capacity as leader of the Forest Dale

ward, testimonies of his worth by his friends, and a family genealogy.

382 IMPROVEMENT ERA

A Mild and Wise Answer Turneth Away Wrath:

Fremont, Ohio.

To "Collier's Weekly":

By official action today of the Colonel George Croghan Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution, membership one hundred, I am authorized to express to you the chapter's disapproval of your course in opening your columns to the "Mormon"cause. The

"Mormon"religion, with its consequent polygamy should be suppressed. Sincerely yours,

OLGA SMITH WALTERS, Sec.

November 2, 1911.

Mrs. John F. Walters,

1028 Garrison Street, Fremont, Ohio.

My Dear Madam: I beg to acknowledge yours of the 30th, and

regret the view taken by the chapter.

It is hardly necessary for us to say that we disapprove of polygamy, but your proposition that the "Mormon""religion"should therefore be suppressed seems to us to reflect the view of those who have not studied "Mormonism"very closely. Polygamy is not only a minor

part of the system, but it is a rapidly decreasing part. "Suppressing"

a religion is a very delicate matter to undertake in a free country though, of course, it is right and proper to suppress illegal acts, whether they are done in the guise of religion or not.

Yours sincerely, NORMAN HAPGOOD.—"Collier's Weekly,"Nov. 25.

New Wards and Changes for the Month of December, 1911, as reported by the Presiding Bishops'Office:

New Wards. Liberty ward, Uintah stake, organized with Chas.

B. Bartlett, bishop, and Parley Goodrich, ward clerk; Penrose ward,

Big Horn stake, organized with Seth A. Johnson, bishop, and Wm.

Blackburn, ward clerk.

Bishops. James A. Christensen sustained as bishop of the Redmond ward, Sevier stake, to succeed Martin Jensen; Jos. F. Killburn,

as bishop of the Millburn ward, Woodruff stake, to succeed Jos. Horrocks; Thomas R. Wilson, as bishop (acting) of the Pratt ward, Teton

stake, to succeed David E. Rigby; John H. Kemp, as bishop of the

Greenville ward, Cache stake, to succeed N. W. Crookston; Wm. P.

Fullmer, Jr., as bishop of the Wallsburg ward, Wasatch stake, to succeed George P. Garff.

Ward Clerks. Alfred R.Meeks appointed to be ward clerk of the

Orderville ward, Kanab stake, to succeed Francis L. Porter; John H.

Boehme, ward clerk of the Geneva ward, Bear Lake stake, to succeed

Edward Bischoff; Victor E. Gustavesen, ward clerk of the River

Heights ward, Cache stake, to succeed John Anderson; Charles ChrisPASSING EVENTS $83

tensen, to be ward clerk of the Pratt ward, Teton stake, to succeed

J. Arthur Home; James M. Forsythe, ward clerk of the Garfield ward,

Pioneer stake; Nephi O. Perkins, ward clerk of the Sunnyside ward,

Carbon stake, to succeed Albert E. Hopkinson; Peter Marion Mortensen, ward clerk of the Sanford ward, San Luis stake, to succeed Job

H. Whitney; A. E. Peterson, ward clerk of the Mt. Pleasant South

ward, North Sanpete stake, to succeed Albert W. Winkler; James E.

Hoyle, ward clerk of the Union ward, Union stake, to succeed L. W.

Morton; Harry Hackwell, ward clerk of the Indianola ward, North Sanpete stake, to succeed George Bradford; James A. Facer, ward clerk

of the Cherry Creek ward, Malad stake, to succeed Wilford O. Nuttle.

Scrap Book of "Mormon"Literature. It is remarkable how the

principles of the gospel may be set forth in a new way by every person who undertakes to present them, and yet remain the same principles in basic tact. In the eightytwo years that the Church has been

organized, many elders who have proclaimed the gospel have written its primary principles, and each particular elder has had a following of converts to the principles thus set forth. One can easily see that

in these many years an accumulation of splendid papers on the subject has resulted. It has been the effort of President Ben E. Rich, of

the Eastern States mission, to make a compilation of these religious tracts used by the eiders in the different nations of the eartn, and to reprint and present them in uniform, bound volumes. This effort

has resulted in two books, of 553 and 567 pages respectively, making a total of 1,120 pages. These represent, of course, a gleaning from

the vast field of the gospel tracts published, and it has been no small task to select out of the great number the best and most appropriate for preservation. No matter how well the work has been done, in

these two volumes, there must be some selections which perhaps another editor would have chosen which are left out, and also others chosen which other editors would have omitted. It cannot, therefore,

be said that the compilation is complete in every respect, but we must all agree that, it is so well done that no person pretending to be familiar with Church literature will wish to be without these two splendid volumes. One of the excellent characteristics is the doctrinal index, which covers many leading items of doctrine revealed

in the great latterday gospel plan. The reader will find much in

these volumes to remind him of his missionary days. His children

will be able from these books to become acquainted with the fundamental doctrines of the gospel; and the youth of Zion will find much

to prepare them for the missionary field, while the general reader, who has been converted to the gospel, will find pleasure in perusing the arguments and facts which are here gathered, and which were perhaps the means of converting them to the gospel of Jesus Christ.

A characteristic of the book also are selections of striking sentiments from the Prophet Joseph Smith, and later presidents and leaders of the Church.

384 IMPROVEMENT KRA

New Fresident for the SwissGerman Mission. Elder H. W. Valentine has been selected by the First Presidency as the president of

the SwissGerman mission, to succeed President Thomas E. McKay.

Elder Valentine, with his wife, left Salt Lake City on December 15, sailing from St. Johns, New Brunswick, December 22, on the steamship "Hesperian."They proceeded direct to Zurich, Switzerland, the

headquarters of the mission. Elder Valentine was born in Brigham

City, Utah, March 4, 1873. His father dying on the 26th of September, 1877, left his mother with a family of six small children, one of

whom was born six weeks after the death of the father. In the mid;t

of poverty this wise and prudent mother reared.her children, teaching

them frugality and industry. She

gave them a good common school education, and Hyrum W. completed a high school course at

Brigham City, then entered the

Agricultural College, Logan, *n 1899. He received a call for a

mission in January, 1900, and on the 12th of February that year entered the B. Y. College at Logan, where he took a missionary

course, leaving for his field of labor in Germany, October 9, and arriving November 1, 1930. While

there he presided a portion of the time over the Dresden conferrHYRUM W. VALENTINE'ence; occupying that position until

his release, July 1, 1903. Returning home, he was appointed superintendent of the Second ward Sunday school, in October, 1903. In May,

1905, he organized the Valentine Fruit Company, and became its manager, which position he has held until the present time. On August

17, 1905, he was married to Rose Ellen Bywater, the accomplished daughter of James Bywater, one of the faithful pioneers of Box Elder county. For three years after his return from his mission he taught

school. He has been a member of the County Board of Horticulture,

Clerk of the Board of Education of Box Elder county, and County

Superintendent of Schools, holding the distinction of being the first county superintendent to be appointed in that county under the consolidation of the schools. For four years past he has been a member

of the Box Elder stake Sunday school board, and in 1907, when the

Box Elder stake Sunday school superintendency was reorganized, he was made first assistant superintendent, and has now been released to fill his present call to preside over the SwissGerman mission. His

varied experience will be of great value to him in his new responsible calling.

I II!!>

REMINGTON AUTOLOADING RIFLE.

ONE OF BROWNINGS PATENTS WHILE THE OLD GUN IS NOT IN USE HAVE IT REPAIRED

WE CARRY EXTRAS FOR ALL STANDARD MAKES OF THE ARMS

AND OUR REPAIR SHOP IS THE LARGEST AND BEST EQUIPPED IN THE UNITED STATES.

SEND FOR ESTIMATES ON ANY REPAIR WORK. 150 PAGE CATALOG FREE

BROWNING BROS. CO., OGDEN, UTAH.

WE PAY 6b PER ANNUM INTEREST ON DEPOSITS

Commercial Savings Benefit Co.

201 Constitution Building, Salt Lake Cily. Utah

D. J. WILLIAMS. Manager

ELECTRIC Get Ready For the BLCCK SIGNAL Elk's Seventh PROTECTION Annual When You Travel Winter Convention TO EAST City VIA Snows Ticket Sunny Southern O.hce

Holel to Utah February 3, 1912 Sunshine Round Trip $35 'The Overland Route'

Four trains daily over one of in the tracks ballasted best the information further For in comfortthe most eouutry Salt Lake any on can care and ls able money and call or address agent Route orovide

W. F. CULMER,

Sec. B. P. O. E. No. 85

Salt Lake City T>ls assures Flowers. J. H. A.MANDERFIELD,G. P. A., TRAVEL COMFORT

Salt Lake City. TRAVEL SAFETY

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA)

MAKE KOFFEET YOUR MORNING DRINKbecause-

ff You need something at the beginning of the day that will give you strength to do the day's work.

People who drink tea or coffee are handicapped. People who

drink Koffeet are helped.

IJKoffeet is made of whole grains, fruits and molasses. It is a

delicious beverage and makes rich, red blood. "It builds you

up"in every part of your body.

Buy a package today and try it.

Your Grocer Sells It. 25c. a Package.

Made by College Pure Food Co., Logan, Utah.

We Make Loans on Real Estate For a reasonable charge we loan sums ranging from $200.00 to $5,000.00

on real estate. We also buy and sell

mortgages, etc., upon terms that will

satisfy the most exact. Come in and

let us talk it over.

ASHTONJENKINS CO.,

Mortgage Bankers 47 MAIN STREET Choice Homes Best Building Sites "Insurance that Insures"

EVERYTHING FOR THE FARM

Exclusive Agents for Franklin, Velie and Overland Automobiles.

{ iw *gn ESSES * < gs j *&wm*)jjmsEg

LEADING IMPLEMENT VJLHICLE HARDWARE AND

AUTOMOBILE DEALERS Utah, Idaho.Yfyoming &Nevada GEO. T. ODELLGeneral Manager

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA)