FEBRUARY, 1933 Return Postage Guaranteed Salt Lake City, Utah A Baek Statement That amy Mao orWoman earn Uedeirstaed

CONDENSED REPORT OF CONDITION OF

Utalh State f National Baolk OFFICERS Salt Lake City, Utah HEBER J. GRANT

At the close of business December 31, 1932 President

ANTHONY W. IVINS

Vice President THE BANK OWES. BY WAY OF DEPOSITS, TO INDIVIDUALS, FIRMS, JOHN F. BENNETT

CORPORATIONS AND BANKS $10,267,357.94 Vice President

CURRENCY ISSUED AS AUTHORIZED BY U. S. GOVT 500,000.00 ORVAL W. ADAMS

Vice President TOTAL DEPOSITS AND CURRENCY ISSUED $10,767,357.94 RICHARD W. MADSEN

Vice President TO PAY THIS THE BANK HAS: EDWIN G. WOOLLEY, Jr.

CASH (gold, currency, silver) AND CASH IN OTHER BANKS $ 2,913,147.85 Cashier

ALVIN C. STRONG

CHECKS OTHER ON DRAWN SALT LAKE BANKS 391,707.41 Assistant Cashier

Deposited this date our depositors on by

JOHN W. JAMES

U. S. GOVERNMENT SECURITIES 2,370,803.13 Assistant Cashier

(This amount includes $500,000.00 to secure currency issued)

STATE AND MUNICIPAL SECURITIES 1,855,619.14

DIRECTORS OTHER SECURITIES OF FIRST QUALITY heber j. grant

Railroad $638,031.25 john f. bennett

Public Utilities 588,001.25 james g. Mcdonald

Industrial 277,890.00 HENRY T. McEWAN

Foreign 239,066.25 G. G. WRIGHT

Other Securities 20,218.25 WALDEMAR VAN COTT

Federal Reserve Bank Stock 22,500.00 1,785,707.00 ANTHONY W. IVINS

DEMAND AND TIME LOANS 2,309,441.13 STEPHEN L. RICHARDS

Largely secured by collateral ARTHUR WINTER

GEORGE S. SPENCER

Banking House and FURNITURE & FIXTURES 254,019.06

After allowance has been made for depreciation WILLARD R. SMITH

MORONI HEINER OTHER REAL ESTATE 20,744.74 ORVAL W. ADAMS

TOTAL TO MEET DEPOSITS AND CURRENCY ISSUED $11,901,189.46 DAVID P. HOWELLS

RICHARD W. MADSEN

THIS LEAVES A CAPITAL AND SURPLUS OF $ 1,133,831.52 W. S. CHIPMAN

Which is a guarantee fund for the protection of our depositors A. N. JOHNSON

In figuring our securities at cost or market, whichever lower, we have sufficient cash and marketable securities to pay in excess of 80 per cent of our total deposits without calling a single loan.

ffheimprovement EditOT Heber J - Grant Volume 36, Number W* Editor R. Merrill, Managing'M f\ Harrison 4 IBBfl/Sl T?T?T?L>T7AT3VTCDlVUiirvI, Asso. Editor Brandley, Elsie Talmage lya1Q11

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement Associations and the Department of Education

FORECAST For Every Member of the Family A N article—"What College Did EDITORIALS My Religion"—which To President Heber J. Grant 224 in the June, 1932, issue Knowledge Must be Usedappeared

of 224 The Wisdom Word caused the Atlantic Monthly,of 224 Valentines Send More Elsie T. Brandley cirLet's discussion in someconsiderable 225 Results of Character Writing Contest

cles. A prominent member of the

the called I. of the Church A.M. ARTICLES

B. Elder attention ofarticle the to 195 Leisure? Will B. Jay Nash What With Your You Do years, has for Roberts, who,H. 199 Hyde A. "Not Alone"—Frontispiece Wm.

the of only not defender abeen 200 Fielding - Joseph Tribute Smith Hyrum Smith—A re-'religion. of but TheChurch Roberts Leisure 204 Eugene L. The New

suit was a reply by President RobAn Evolving Universe 67r James Jeans 208 erts in his characteristic fiery style. Concentrated Observation 1 James P. Sharp 213

This reply will appear next month Silver Linings-—Clues to Clothes Claire W. Nojall 2 1 7

in this magazine. On Being a Southpaw Lloyd Lehrbas 222

Book Reviews 227 i i i Glancing Through Elsie T. Brandley 229

TV /[ANY people are wondering Lights and Shadows on the Screen 231 **- what is happening to the A Distressing Disease of Speech 241

Latterday Saint family. Are parents able to hold the group toFICTION

gether as of old, or should they The Valentine Blanche Stockdale Bart 202 try to hold it together? Mrs. Amy Wedding Ring and Cow Bell Elsie Petersen 210

Brown Lyman, for years a student Dawn Dorothy Clapp Robinson 214 psychology, the andof home home POETRY importgive views herwill on this

Fava K. Parker 207 Her arAmethyst.*. month. next subjectant

Steele 218 Frank Lights byticle will worth reading be one 1 9 2 Anderson.—.Bryce W. The Mantle of Time parent. or prospective parentevery

.. 1 221 A. Eraser Donald Honesty

i i i Homing Gladys Hendrickson 223

Estelle char226 romantic Webb Thomas Keepsakes of the mostf\NE 226 Walton - Miranda was Words West the Old - acters of

Stevens Rose 226 Beulah Friendly Magic descendant horse, proudthe wild Carlton Culmsee 226 Unfolding brought chargers the Spanishof Carroll Elsie 226 C. Since You Went Away

others. Paland Cortezover by 226 Watene Makaia Gifts

metto, a fine, creamcolored stalSinging Hearts Bess Foster Smith 226 lion, was one of the proudest of After Awhile Lula Greene Richards 226 the lot. Meet him in the Era in Answer Grace Watson 229

March. Unusual illustrations by Snow Gladys Hendrickson 233

Paul S. Clowes will add much to Roads L. E, Flack 235 239 H. Totvnsend Late Florence the interest of the story. Too J. Black 240 Coral Ebb Tide

i i i Twilight Grace Jacobsen 245

Foster 246 Dixie Tonight The Cover McCaleb 254 Ocean Moods Jean

TI7 INTER'S Valentine"is the * * title we have given our FebDEPARTMENTS ruary cover. These gorgeous, lacy Church Music... 23 2

valentines are hung in hundreds of Melchizedek Priesthood 233 canyons throughout the mountain Aaronic Priesthood 235 regions. Mutual Messages 237

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Entered at the Post Office, Salt

Clarissa A. Beesley, Asso. Bus. Mgr. 406 CHURCH OFFICE BLDG., SALT LAKE CITY, UT. Lake City, Utah, as secondclass

Improvement Mutual 1932, by the Young Men's for at mailing Acceptance B. Peterson,O. the Ass't Bus. Mgr. Copyright,Association Corporation Church Cf of Jesus Christ'matter.special of for rate postage providedGeorge Q. Morris, rights reserved. Saints. All of Latterday

in section Act 1103, of October, a year, in $2.00 Tyrant price, Taylor, Subscription advance;Rachel

Chairmen Era and Publicity 20c a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

WHAT WILL YOU DO WITH YOUR195 Jeisuref By JAY B. NASH

Professor of Education, New York University

"Youth means a temperamental predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over the life of ease. * * *

Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years, People grow old by deserting their ideals"says J. B. Nash—and then tells

why.

:.:-: -"-!::.":.:. v?::.

young people who read and harvested if life was to exist.THEthis article have back of The pioneer day consisted of

them one of the richest two parts: long hours of

heritages of any group in Jf work, and hours of rest the land. Beginning with III rest to get ready for anthe western Mormon trek other day. The counof '47 there developed a try was sparsely

philosophy of leisure. settled. Occasional

Why did this philoscommunity gatherophy of leisure develop ings and Sunday in these lviormuii carschool picnics, or an avans but not in the occasional grouse others? There is every hunt or trip up the

evidence that from the trout stream broke camp fires of Indethe monotony. But

pendence Rock in the these days were few halt on the western and far between.

march there emerged from Almost in the twinthe Mormon groups joykling of an eye the ous refrains of songs and machine age has made it dances and other phases of possible for us to produce wholesome recreation, while in more goods than we can the other groups there was eyeconsume, and by this very gouging and bone breaking, process we have been given wrestling and many of the baser leisure. That thing, which during

forms of dissipation. Why this the ages we have yearned for,

difference? History has not reGod is often found by a fire under a which we have made almost syncorded the answer, but I presume Summer Moon. onymous with our heavens and our

the answer will be found in the nished the means of expressing this happy hunting grounds, which we word leadership. From all that philosophy. Throughout your dreamed about but never hoped to

I can learn the early Mormon leadcountry you have liberally supattain, has now been handed to us ers had a philosophy of recreation ported playgrounds and parks, on a silver platter by a bowing, it preached only but lived notand age. braided machine in the cities both and and state, butler—the

it. will with you do What It is a bit of bitter irony now that in a leader university this your has been

heritage? these fields. Your homes have been we are asking ourselves the quesUp to the present time you have large and your hospitality larger. tion, Dare we accept that thing for

given a good account of yourselves. Will this continue under the imwhich, through all the ages, we

Your ward houses have been gathpact of the machine age? have longed?

ering places for the community. The pioneer people of our counYour Church has fostered a liberal try did not have a great deal of THERE are glaring indications

policy and your community imleisure. The frontier was severe; on all sides, that given leisure,

provement associations have furland must be cleared, crops planted man will turn into a listener, a 196 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

All participants, no spectators here at this three stakes fathers and sons outing—Canada.

watcher. He will attempt to tator the offerings of commercial things,"standardized and conutilize this new leisure, which recreation. The outcome is profits, ceived by somebody else. Mechanshould be devoted to creative arts, not prophets. isms which youth cannot make;

in body recuperation. He will raThe cry is to "buy readymade he cannot even mend. On they go

letwith a definite confidence thattionalize that he needs rest—a

down far beyond his actual requireeverything can be bought. Buy

ment. Too much restoration or machines! Buy education! Buy

recreation, as we have used it, dulls health! Buy happiness! Buy!

the mind. Man can sleep too Over our great arenas should be

much. Granted freedom, many carved: 'They think they canmen go to sleep—"physically and buy it!"Viscount Grey characmentally,"organically and corticterized this group, "A pleasureally. Not having the drive for seeking, but not a pleasurefinding

creative arts they turn to prepeople."This situation is illusdigested pastimes, prepared in little trated at a recent meeting in which

packages at a dollar per. This has a friend of mine, pointing to a

literally thrown us into the gladitable at a banquet, said, "At that atorial stage of Rome in which the small table is a group of men, most number of participants becomes of them not over thirtyfive, and fewer and the size of the grandthey represent capital worth three allstands, larger. Spectatoritis has r\R JAY B. NASH is professor hundred million dollars—and

become almost synonymous with -*- of Physical Education, School drunk!"The freedom which had

University York Education, New a been million over years had won theAmericanism end is not of and since his City. Ever in New York a been sold for pottage."of "messyet. will get smaller and The stages in College Oberlin graduation from

the rows of seats will mount 1911 he has been interested in play Over the laws of nature presides a higher. Magnifiers and lights carry and recreation. Since that time he strict judge. The sons of the rich,

fitted positions of immany friends relatives of politicians, of far to thethe messages corners and has instructor ranging from portance of officials the favorites of magisand tenone for can perform thousand C. in the John physical education

as well as ten. Twentyfive milFremont High School, Oakland, trates get no concessions. The

lion people go to the movies daily California, and Superintendent of laws of retrogradation are as relentat a time of the worst depression Recreation and Director of Physical less as the laws of evolution. "Use

California, 191926, relinquish"to or to man. Overknown the position. present a million Education,his During The a fish in Mammothis the law ofCavenature.had fall Saturday afternoonpeople on since his has elapsed time which

pass in at the gates over five milgraduation he has published a numno use for eyes for many years, lion dollars at the football staber of pamphlets and books, has and in their place today are mere diums, so that they may watch ingtaughtBrighamin manyYounginstitutions,Universityincluddur- light spots. Freedom is no exgladiatorial contests sessions carried relinquish. or and ing on To summer has ception—use

lectures delivered subon many shallunder the that holy but banner be given, hath of modern him recreation. ject year of play and theAcollege education. as of this, just surely that hath Enough from him the attended he Green ago last June

as all one has to do is to look about and Cold contests at Saltair and not shall be taken away even that him. Where should he spend a entirewas veryMutualmuchprogrampleasedof recreation.with the which he hath. Was Nature too

pleasant evening? Tick off on His latest book is "Spectatoritis, ambitious in giving man freedom?

your fingers the creative things you ReCreation Not WreckCreation."must be answered by another quescan do. Count on your compution: Will he use it wisely?

The Improvement Era for February, 1933 197

labor such I squander or Day, if the frontier the of challenge eager or met develop a people we(AN—My

leisure, civilizadied. progress which The a year or for a day, a month, fall mischief on Theft shame on Asolo, to the largely tion is due has madeoff, favorite to follow some hobby? me!"

Will we be so eager that we will fact that man has been kicked into grasp the twentyminute wait for Oh, Life, if I squander a wavelet activity by a hostile environment.

the train, the time in the subway, of thee This struggle should not be

Saturday afternoon, an evening or I know the chorus will be thought of in terms of dissatisfacof the standpoint tion, or fromthe weekend? killer would What joy howler you calamity——to that wants something man shoulddo an hour with off? This there in every have age again. Yet

bring an answer as to whether or been those who have stood as avoid. He loves struggle. Remove

not you can be trusted with leisure. Plato, amidst the ruins of a declinthe immediate struggle that has to

Better yet, what would you do ing Athens, hands above their do with making his livelihood and with a month? Would you turn, heads in desperation, crying, he immediately begins a search for

as did Louis XVI, to the making "What can I do to save my city?"other struggle. He wants to fly the

of locks, or as a Hall, to work in In this sense we have today Walter Atlantic alone, cruise over both your basement laboratory in quest Henderson, proclaiming against poles, make another million, or, will,of aluminum, or as a Thorndike, the "Curse of Leisure,"Hoffman "beat the Joneses."Man

to work in your attic with animals, Nickerson, chaffing at the Amerhowever, enter into struggle under or as a McKenzie, to sculpturing, ican Leisure Class, John Finley, these circumstances only when the or as Suppke, to sketching, or as writing on the Wisdom of Leisure, formula is right; and the formula

Finley, to walking? Would you and President Cutten, warning of by which man voluntarily enters

turn to Nature to find a new type the Threat of Leisure. We have into struggle is: the activity must

of slime mold, a new fern, a scarlet Jacks, with his delightful philoschallenge, in other words it must tanager or a hepatica? Would you ophy of life, warning us to acquire be a man's job; he must be within

he is too nearturn to the romance of the microskills. We have our Criles and reach of success—if

scope or to the world revealed by our Mayos urging us to acquire a the failure level he easily gives up;

the telescope? Would you turn to hobby. Work with your hands is and finally, with success, there

reading the story of life that has the admission price for this show must be social approval. Can sobeen worked out in remote parts of Civilization is, ciety set up a successful program of—civilization. the world? Would you turn to really, a race between the acquiring struggle during this new leisure?

create, to to or your shop your interestof normality through that, given appears freedom instrument? musical 1 T would Or integrative driven, hobbies, and of leisure, the majority through

reflexes to back old youryou collapse degeneramental through alterthree of will accept one men in the bed, beforeand tion. sleep—sleepdrop let will and natives. down They radio, picture the before is moving to drive something do The else, a of watcher somebody become places thecamera, or other where total inherited. abhors Nature antisocial to will enticed be they

is requirement brains check your it inactivity, as a abhors vacuum. will the beginbe conduct which questhat hat?with your Answer leisure applies the to time This crime, career they or a of ning of

tion yourself for have and it you as precisely does period to the will interests acquire will whichstated the problem. you, period. Would important working The indibenefit the react of the to

other the hand, look is,on forward society to will question What as society a whole. vidual and The to as delightful day, did Pippa one do, individual the given freedom? is the this to problem answer

I a thee, wavelet"Oh, squander Day, of past, the choice In has no had man question, to the answer man Can treasure, hours'twelve of mite A ifmy in active to regard being an organleisure? trusted be with least glances, gazes of or thy The a ism. has through come up He art or grants they to thou (Be bound called forcibly already have We "root, existence. or die"hog, He gifts measure) above acpossibilities the to attention of

choices chances, thy of or of one thy One (Be they tasks God imposed thee or freaks Salamander Lake—Mt. Timpanogos—cepting the first alternative, namely

at thy pleasure) A hike for all. that of becoming a spectator. With

198 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

the multiplication of the mechanFinding happiness among "God's first mechanisms that brings satisfaction ical devices to furnish entertaintemples."Doers all. in success and escape. The very

is arises. success a is whatment, real danger The uncertain—that

gives it the zest. Children havefootball picbuildings where gangs of boys or the motion game

ture will absorb the attention of meet and where regular paths are been playing with these fear mechthousands, while the radio takes its laid out for groups to go from one anisms for eons. It is the "it"of

toll in millions. These activities building to another and up and all games from "run sheep run"

may have some informative value down the fireescapes. Thrills are with its hiding in dark corners to

and may even have some value gotten in the railroad districts, football with its escaping from from the standpoint of body relaxalong the wharves, stealing brass opponents. For ages children

ation. But they tend to discourage and lead from contracting jobs, have been trained in this daring by

the individual from being a doer. rubbing chalk marks from automeans of games. Theodore RooseIf an individual is to keep young, mobiles which have been checked velt, in his tales of lion hunting

grow and develop, he must meet and collecting from the owners bein Africa, calls attention to the new conditions and solve new fore the police arrive, gambling on way in which the natives flirt with problems. He cannot merely take which way the coin comes up in danger. The natives surround a

his judgments from the morning the turnstiles at the elevated and group of trees in which there is a paper or the broadcast of an adversubways. There is even a thrill lion, advance with their spears set,

tising firm. from playing in the street, in takuntil finally they come shoulder to

The second alternative is that ing chances with the fastmoving shoulder, still advancing toward the individual, in his search for traffic. These are real thrills. The the lion. The lion in desperation,

struggle, may, without proper gang sets up its loyalty, has its own which is the real "it"of modern guidance, be turned into antisocial code, and sometimes sets itself games, strikes at the line of spears.conduct. Crime itself contains all against society—the beginning of Unless killed it becomes the killerof the elements of struggle in its racketeering.—so the contest continues until the

most fascinating form. Our cities spears finally find his heart.

are already known as places where HpHE city life becomes an ideal The modern city has deprived crime is play. The challenge is atmosphere in which to dechildren of wholesome opportungreat, there is ample opportunity velop delinquency. High stakes ities and in their place has substifor success, and in addition to the are on every hand. There are tuted crime. We must offer a

social approval of the gang, there stores of plenty, mystery, dark Buffalo Bill if we want to get rid is the added satisfaction of enjoyalleys and flickering lights. There of Jesse James. The substitute

ing the fruits of the crime. We are pushcarts and street fires. It must be redblooded. It will take

have really made crime attractive. is the mystery in the situation something more than Tom

In large cities today these thrills the danger with which one may Thumb golf, pingpong and comare gotten from the roofs of our flirt—the playing with these fear (Continued on page 220)

<J\ot <* silone—frontispiece

By WM. A. HYDE

This letter afforded the inspiration for our frontispiece this month. In

justice to Mrs. Teichert we should explain that to use the photograph we received

of her painting we had to retouch it a little.

Miss Minerva Kolhepp, cannot be impressed with it look at it Butler fame, for it is her masterpiece.

American Falls, Idaho. reverently and wait until your heart is Having these elements in mind, now

touched. let us see coming across the plain a

My Dear Sister: This picture will show in one glance prairie schooner drawn by a yoke of

the heroism, and the faith of the Morlumbering oxen. Can you idealize have been reading from time to time mon woman—and so also with that, these oxen; can you give them the

of your work and of the successes the Mormon faith and spirit. It deals touch of heroism that Sister Smith gave

that you are enjoying, and have been with an historical fact, well attested to to them by her association? Well

will in Priremember your us. Youforming conceptions of of what your seen the my will be form then,—next they told days of how you I feel mary be. and ought to face setfuture may the this her with brave woman,

that I am rightfully doing this, for I time when Mary Fielding Smith, the to the horizon, with the look that does

President of Smith, mother wasprofess a sort to of is kinship double you see the intervening denot things—hers fell layed, train, the behind and and faith the that of of and faith. has dethe eye of wind The—that that a courage than was by more the howSpirit related Art. of myself I hold a hair of her contached from the wisp

to all artists by this token that in my human, she with her little son, fines of her bonnet, and it swells her creation I was given an artist's thought brought the sick ox back to life, overdress giving life and motion and digand feelings but unhappily, left withtook the advance wagons, passed them nity to her. Perhaps one hand rests

out the means of adequately expressing and entered the valley in advance. That upon the shoulder of the ox, I shall

historical the time feelings.those are conceptions of is that, My as say other to is not and the setting,—the may

face she is left alone when and sets her I only, and onethe mind am the only lad the her side, trudges lead by who to enjoy them. If I may believe the amid the howling of the wolves and little Joseph, then less than ten, I

dream of the poets, that by the laying the fear of savages, to overtake the think. These would make a picture

down of the body we leap into the train in advance. The geographical themselves, but they are "not alone."

setting be pitched anywhere may spirit to the thingsfreedom of the do is form, mounted this shadowy on Who the trail, perhaps rock for the chimney life, in then mostthat we desired when classical charger that stands so on this a background. that of im- I go to meet great band

call I shallmortals, for immediately The central theme of the picture I distinctoxen, andin ischaractercaparisonedapartfor fromwar? Thisthese

Call, get Butler's Roll Mrs. and from a paint of brushessome pot and and is host. the captain the Lord's of Can

it, title better unless were the of some I forinquire least Raphael. at Then this picture misty form him? you To of be thought Alone."would "Notshall able express myself. to be give dignity? can and power you

or original the seen have may You to generously spoke one me You luster can eye of be nor no There no if Call, the Roll a of copyday, the in giving to about PoChurch not—then detail. see his the great sword, You

is is battle. after idea. It this the the servicescatello suitable for your some attitude the head, of conpoise the of

is the of victorious remnant army The Idecoration. fancied that looked you side the as rides fidence unseen he by

call. in roll for stand mustered They I littlea pained, suggested that when this saint. those of Then Mormon

as their the batthey before did ranksit a privilege great for very us be would I see other them men—sometimes tle, there that the stand dead except right dethe couldprovided have we sometimes and unmounted. mounted interin forms shadow Isign. that could did not you mean spirit—their will determine which, composition The in this demajority right thenot was make mingled—the I are the that they only same know design—that is It at the voted time band. same I farthestthe thoughts, from but my the servant Elijah that of saw men

It spiritual uncanny. brought Mrs. and idea the to carry that themeant MorIsrael- the the about of round camp

mon tabernacle ought to have someites. In the shadow there may be thething distinctly Mormon,—a theme for skulking form of a wolf, or of an Inthe Latterday Saints. WN addition to this fine painting "Not dian, that as the fancy or as the picThere has been haunting me for sevAlone"which hangs in the First ture shall permit, but perhaps the

eral years, at intervals, a subject that Ward Chapel in Pocatello, Idaho, Mrs. simpler the better.

is worthy of the greatest genius. In Minerva Kolhepp Teichert has painted Can you put energy and faith into

tvestern subjects. fine of many Some I the the those subject of have motion you composed mindmy oxen—can cattle unher are themes cowboy and it into the beautiagain, of the a conqueror lookagain put and is more and

attractive usally well painted. She and

it, face at that concan of thisful each time I look put you woman, and if also has wall murals done which some fidence eyes into the soul can the boy, can sympathetic of undersome who their treatin their carry themes and stand it and has the technical knowlment the very spirit of the West. And you put spirituality into those misty

treat it artistic feeling shall a to so thenedge and the have you shouldn't Teichert, they? Mrs. why forms?—if

it treated, great. asas sacredly If it should be cannot you among the herself, is a product which seat West of the

would make for that artist's fame, and she, in turn, reproduces on her now then dream of it until you can.

it would satisfy in me the hunger of canvases. She was a dweller on "the Why cannot we have some great

my heart. Now let me describe it for bottoms"near old Fort Hall and is Mormon artists? There is another

you, and now if you smile let it not now living on a Wyoming cattle ranch theme that only a Michael Angelo with her husband. cowboy See the I childishness, in forbe pity for touch. the could that Lord Would my in review this issue, her book of "A into as hearttake raise to one or you some would up now my man woman Hall."Fort Old Romance of take faith. it friend inner a visualize to is a Surelywould an our most

chamber to view his treasures. If you worthy cause.

mflfflfflMMMtWBSHfflffifflfflX&fflfflMMfflfflMffi

flyyrum (Smith A Tribute by Joseph Fielding Smith

"And again, verily I say unto you, blessed is my servant Hyrum Smith, for I, the Lord, love him because of the integrity of his heart, and because he loveth that which is right before me, saith the Lord."—D. and C. 1 24: 1 5.

wEmmBEx*

would not be happy to have Law of the Lord, for those who come WHOsuch a tribute of confidence and after thee to look upon, that they may praise given him, and coming pattern after thy works."

from the Lord? Hyrum Smith was among Again the Prophet said: "I could pray

the first baptized in this dispensation. in my heart that all my brethren were like

Through his life he stood by the side of unto my beloved brother Hyrum, who his brother Joseph and strengthened him possesses the mildness of a lamb, and the by encouragement, faith and devoted love. integrity of a Job, and in short, the meekHyrum was a man of wonderful tenderness ness and humility of Christ and I love

of heart. He possessed deep humility and him with that love that is stronger than

loved his brother better than he loved his death, for I never had occasion to rebuke own life. This is shown in his death him, nor he me, which he declared when

through which he obtained a martyr's he left me today."

crown. He was fearless in his defense of

truth. Verily he "loved that which is right."It is, no doubt, because of this love and

integrity, that the Lord conferred upon

Hyrum Smith was born on the ninth Hyrum Smith—in addition to the honor

day of February, 1800, and was nearly six of the Patriarchal Priesthood held by his years the senior of the Prophet. No honor everlasting blessing father—the following

came to Joseph Smith that was not shared "And from this time forth I appoint unto by Hyrum who rejoiced with his brother him that he may be a prophet, and a seer, in all the blessings the Lord bestowed and a revelator unto my church, as well as upon him. This same quality of brotherly my servant Joseph; that he may act in

love was shown by the Prophet Joseph for concert also with my servant Joseph; and

his brother Hyrum. They passed through that he shall receive counsel from my servthe same sorrows and joys together. The ant Joseph, who shall show unto him the

same persecutions descended upon them keys whereby he may ask and receive, and both. They shared the same dungeons for. be crowned with the same blessing, and

the Gospel's sake, and when the time came glory, and honor, and priesthood, and gifts for the sealing of their testimony, they of the priesthood, that once were put upon shared together the crown of martyrdom. him that was my servant Oliver Cowdery.

"In life they were not divided, and in death That my servant Hyrum may bear record they were not separated."Together they of the things which I shall show unto him,

held the keys of the dispensation of the that his name may be had in honorable

Fulness of Times, and the sealing of the remembrance from generation to generation testimony would not have been complete forever and ever."

had Joseph died alone. They filled the It is very evident from this promise

measure of divine law requiring two witgiven by the Lord to Hyrum Smith that nesses for truth, in their martyrdom, and he had opened to his vision the wonders they died that they "might be honored, of eternity and beheld the glory, honor and and the wicked might be condemned."power which once had been given to Oliver

This is a merited tribute from the ProCowdery. This was necessary in the great

phet: "Brother Hyrum, what a faithful plan of the Lord that his work might be

heart you have got! Oh may the Eternal fully accomplished. Hyrum Smith was

Jehovah crown eternal blessings upon your not fully qualified as the special witness for head, as a reward for the care you have Christ with his younger brother, until this had for my soul! Oh how many are the vision and these keys and powers had been

sorrows we have shared together; and again given to him; that he received them in full,

we find ourselves shackled with the unrewe have no reason to doubt, but every lenting hand of oppression. Hyrum, thy reason to believe, for the word of the Lord

name shall be written in the book of the does not fail.

joiyoMgMMEEiymMra2Bm

he\)alentine

A Short Story By shoveled the snow off your BLANCHE

I'VEporch and sidewalks, Mis'STOCKDALE

Freddie Hartly,"Rankin anBURR disheveled like a lookingnounced, snowman that had been constructed with old clothes for a foundaThe banging pf the door as tion, as he pounded on Ruth Freddie left reminded Ruth that

Hartly's front door. she was alone again with her

"Come in, Freddie,"invited I thought sure you'd have dinner fivethirty dinner on her hands. It

Ruth, who had just seated herself with me. You did a fine job on was really a delicious meal, but

at the table and was poking lanthe walk. Here's your dollar and somehow it had lost its savor for

guidly at the food thereon. She a twentyfive cent tip thrown in. her. For one thing, she was no

was glad of this interruption, for And if you want to earn another longer satisfied with eating alone.

it meant the possibility of company dollar tomorrow, come over at There had been a time when she for a dinner she had dreaded to eat seven a. m. and run the vacuum had thought it the natural thing to

alone. sweeper for me."do. She had been almost happy

"Nope. Can't tonight. Got "Gee, thanks, Mis'Hartly. I'll to come home exhausted from the

some home work to do."sure be over at seven in the mornoffice, prepare her own dinner, read

"Then I'm out of luck, Freddie. ing."for a while to quiet her nerves after

The Improvement Era for February, 1933 203

was expecting to be employed soon She had hoped for a long time by a large firm as corporation that he would realize how things lawyer at an enviable salary, but, stood and come back to her. But

she had tried to convince him, it he hadn't, and she felt as though was advisable for her to keep on the bottom had dropped out of her with her work until then. Always entire existence. There was one

he had chafed and fretted over her thing besides her work that kept working, and the fact that some her sane when her troubles seemed of her fellow workers had made too heavy for her to bear, and more or less pointed allusions to that was the Rankin family next her about it had added to her disdoor. There was a father, unemcontent. ployed, a sickly mother and seven

growing children. She often forLL ER evenings with got her troubles by helping them

Tom, at first so delightful, had with their financial difficulties. It

gradually become poisoned by little was a great pleasure to give Freddie pinpricks of irritation, brought on and his older brothers employment for the most part by the strained whenever possible so that she could nerves of two overworked people, help swell their family income.

until all their meetings were fraught with subtle antagonisms SUPPER over she did for pastime weary dishes—a and bitter hostilities. One night, the Ruth could her remember now that she

how Tom had looked in her old her strenuous day of conflict with apron as he had wiped them for the business world, jump into a her. Then came the long, long

bathtub filled with warm scented evening, fraught with more wistful water, and from there slip quickly memories.

to bed. It was about nine o'clock when

But since her brief months of her doorbell rang. She hurried

marriage to Tom she could not to the porch and looked about to entirely content herself with this see who had rung, but could find lonely way of living any more. no one. In the street she could

Though she could scarcely admit it, hear the sound of an automobile even to herself, she missed the dark driving quickly away.

glance of his eyes, the calm depth Now she noticed for the first of his voice, the little courtesies he time a tiny parcel lying at her feet.

always showed her at the dinner As she picked it up and took it table. into the house she found it to be

a cardboard box with her name it lid. Opening on the there had typewritten V>/F course

fragile thing all a she found inside with connectedbeen annoyances her marriage, too. It had been pink and lavender, adorned with

very hard for a successful business delicate(Continuedpaper lace.an page 252)

woman, well over thirty, as she Freddie was, to have a man step into the house where she had reigned suwhen Ruth was more tired and preme, even though he took over irritable than usual, she nagged the entire responsibility of financhim all evening for some trifle or ing the place. He had brought other. Tom stood by his guns

with him a normal amount of maswith true lawyer determination.

culine selfassertiveness, and Ruth, Bitter words ensued—insult heaped

capable manager that she was, had on insult. Ruth had a vague

clashed with him on every point. memory of ordering him out of

They had had words, for inthe house.

stance, over Tom's annoying habit He had left that night.

of messing up the bathroom she Ruth still felt the old spirit of had always kept so spotless, with annoyance to think that he had dirty towels, scattered shaving taken her at her word instead of equipment and castoff socks. The realizing that her rash command

livingroom, since her marriage, was the result of her nerves being had become continually littered on edge after a gruelling day at with newspapers, articles of men's the office. What she did not reclothing and discarded sheets from member until it was too late was

his typewriter. that he too had been working like

Then there was his humiliation a dog and his nerves had probably at having her work after she was been in as bad a condition as her married. Tom, after years of study own. Tom

Jhe ${ew

By EUGENE L. ROBERTS

Department of Physical Education, University of

Southern California

Vacationing at Bright Angel Point

forces and the past in the world prosperity we at work in will and be Sunday day pessiphilosophies which, emerging towards be inclined new should bye. dream ThisEVERYbye and

of workweary people mism. However there are new we have a right to hope, will inpromises to be realized in the near fluence the outcome tremendously.

future, as a result of the remarkable It is far better for us to conaccomplishments of the technoloWhen every day becomes sider the new leisure as a succession if political scientist,gist and the, so far as labor is conofweekSabbathsdays andratherholidays,thanbecauseone ofif genius can build a new Sundayand social order, a new way of living to meet cerned what are we going to man's freetime is to become a beingthe profound changes do to keep from dying of mopromisefree-time rathermust bethanfilleda withthreatsomethis the machine and by thewrought efficiency engineer. The outcome notony or from destroying thing of the spirit and purpose of

of these changes will be either ourselves and our civilization the Lord's Day. The deeper, rechaos or the millennium. creative meaning of the Sabbath

When every day becomes Sunthrough soft and senseless livmust be given to all forms of recday and man can use his abundant ing? What have the Church reation. By this is not meant that

just will chooses,free time as he he and the Schools done; what takenthe Puritanover whollySabbathas a patternshould forbe into social chaosplunge moral and

or will he rise to great heights in are they going to do about it? everyday living.

creative leisure? There is no way Professor Roberts makes a This giving to recreation some

of predicting accurately what will of the deeper significance of the result. If we judge by the way few suggestions. Sabbath involves scrapping some

man has used his periods of leisure of the philosophies and psychoThe Improvement Era for February, 1933 205 logical theories that have held "—,:.::,.,--:-,, adults are as varied as are human

sway in the recent past. We must beings. They range all the way

discard the theory that there is only from the most indecent and debasvirtue in selfexpression, that there ing indulgences to the "ultrais only danger in suppression, and violet"pastimes of ultrareligious that restraints only hamper and individuals. In games and sports

warp the growth of personality. they range from the questionable

HPHE Freudian philosophy has practicefights andof playingwitnessingcontractbrutalbridgeprize caused untold suffering and it to listening to soulstirring symwill take years to efface the results phonies.

of its teachings. Such a philosophy was sufficiently harmful durTN the social realm they range

ing the days when most men and from the socalled "Hollywood women had to work a large part of debauch"to the refined intercourse the time. It will be a contributing of philosophers and scientists. In

cause to complete moral and social the field of literature and art they collapse if permitted to be a force range from the reading of salacious in the influencing of conduct durstories and gazing at vulgar pictures ing the new era of leisure. to the study of master poems and

Instead of a philosophy of selfthe quiet contemplation of great expression we must return to the Paddle Tennis—Five courts on the paintings. And the social hungers

ideal of selfcontrol and selfdevel- space of one regular court. and recreational moods of each inopment. The resultant biproduct dividual, during the succession of

of selfcontrol is character, not or later that the game of living "periods"in his life's span, vary "complexes,"and the necessary must be played according to the almost as much.

outcome of selfdevelopment is an finest of rules if peace of spirit and Here, then is the situation.

enriched personality, influencing happiness are to be enjoyed. ExWhile the range of recreational

for good all who come in contact perience teaches and contemplation choices covers the distance from one with it. Controlled selfexpression reveals these truths. But how are extreme to another those which

when a person has something the inexperienced, and those inrepresent the golden mean by far worthy to express should be set clined to take little thought about outnumber those towards either up as a desirable objective in social the consequences of their impulsive extreme. The curve of probability

intercourse. acts, to learn these things? holds true in this as in everything

However we have the problem Youth has grown weary of else. It is true that the swing of

of giving legitimate expression, or preaching and suspicious of teachgreater numbers will be towards rather wholesome outlet, to all the ing. It wants action, romance, adone or the other end of the scale

deep yearnings of human nature. venture; it wants to try out all according to the prevailing philosThe new leisure will offer abundthings socially and to hold fast to ophies, and that the forces for good

ant time for the free play of inthat which has proved to be good. must be unceasingly at work if

stinctive impulses, and the new How can we get before young peoman's recreational salvation is to intellectual freedom may, and unple the philosophy of selfcontrol be achieved.

doubtedly will, tempt millions of and selfdevelopment without Should the new economic order people to give rein to primitive pasnauseating them with sermons and take from money its alluring value sions. Can we show that such inadvertently tempting them by the forces for good will find themFreudian abandon to desire has suggestion? selves immediately in a position of

only the misery of mental and spirThe recreational hungers and vantage, since much of the comitual conflict at the end of its trail? forms of recreational expression of petition of commercialized vice will

Every sensitive individual with immediately disappear. Nevertheany integrity of soul learns sooner Swimming in a Free Pool less there always remains the need

206 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

of satisfying instinctive urges, and probably demand more of the uniagainst man or neighborhood in inthe forces for good must keep on versal "we"spirit and less of the against neighborhood—skill

the job promulgating higher and "I"selfishness. There is somedividual competitions, skill in team

higher ideals of living, and creating thing strongly smacking of the "I"cooperation, etc. Leadership should

forms of recreational activity spirit in "our team,""our ward,"establish as its chief aim the stimwhich meet the needs of people. "our neighborhood,"and yes ulation of admiration for cleanThere will be no rest for those even in "our church."Where cut scientific skill and perfection

whose concern is the welfare of the competition is used in play activin performance. The same adhuman race. ities it must be competition with miration of skill in officiating,

The church has seen this situ- a good will. skill in management, skill in acting

ation with remarkable clearness of Competition must be resorted to as host to visiting teams, and skill vision. Since its beginning it has merely as a means of adding zest in accepting defeat or victory

recognized the place of play and and incentive to playsituations. should be established as a desirable

recreation in human life and has It must be good natured and genand attainable objective.

allied itself with the good forces erous; it must be made genuinely That this can be done was demin creating recreational opportunisocial and wholesome in its results. onstrated in the Olympic Games

ties designed to be deeply satisfying If competition is given such a misheld last summer in Los Angeles.

to human hungers, and at the same sion to fulfill and it does so to The whole festival was built from time uplifting in their results. good purpose it is justifiable. the texture of competition and yet

When it turns ward against ward, it was a great world pageant of

TOURING the period of its early neighborhood against neighborsportsmanship, where people forgot history the church held a hood or school against school it their nationality and marvelled at point of view regafding the proper becomes socially undesirable. great performances regardless of

pastimes of its people which was what race or nationality was repto see in the resented by the performers. Theunusually progressive. At the time VXE must come

when religious organizations all athletic contest skill matched athletic world in attendance at the over the world were condemning the against skill rather than man Tenth Olympiad rose to dizzy social dance, our forefathers danced heights as sportsmen and set stanwith delightful abandon in the dards for future generations.

quadrilles and reels. When church Let us give competitive activpeople generally were suspicious of ities a place in our play "setup"

the theatre, our religious ancestors if we can use them for a worthy not only encouraged the drama by purpose. But after these have

their patronage, but also took part found their proper niche the major in playproduction as an educative part of the program should be kept freetime activity. free for wholesome community

It will be noted also that the full pastimes in which fellowship and and rich recreational program of cooperative companionship find the early Latterday Saints not exercise. In these recreations lifeonly included the above mentioned long friendships, appreciations and

activities and many more, but the loyalties are developed.

activities were mostly of the group, Among the desirable forms are socials, picnics, dinners, parties, encommunityneighborhood, and L. was ROBERTS TfUGENE dances, tertainments, watermelon the social element -*-Jtype, in which in Provo, reared born and

was predominant. Indeed the piowhere he early manifested an interest feasts, stuntnights, fairs, bazaars,

neers looked with some suspicion in all kinds of athletics and out door celebrations, religious festivals, an became activity. He recreational pageants, productions, dramatic of highly introductionupon the and proficient unusually boxer lectures, circuses, concerts, kiddy competitive stronglyorganized and as a ability considerable showed

processions, parades, song feasts, their in he Later vigoroussports, were in his youth. and coach even

denunciation of dance forms which graduated from Brigham Young swimming parties, mountain at Yale and studied University, hikes, climbs, caravans, sunset elements. groupsocial thelacked

coaches and the finest of with some hours, day observances, May present time, when At the in story education physical recredirectors of ational leaders are coming to beAmerica. For years he uJas head art exhibitions, club gatherings,

lieve that individualism in leisurecoach at Brigham Young University, club projects, home evenings, famalways basketball teams ily where his play, a score reunions ward and in competition pursuitstime and results of scientific the revealed affairs of satdelightful other that oververysports have been much drills practice became His coaching.

isfy all the urges insure the and to admire are compelled severaldone, also we developed famous. He

the intelligent conservation of the national champions and one world socializing and integrating of to Switzerneighborhoods. A mission is champion. Thereearly members. church

hikes vision of the gave land him that believe our to reasonevery activities. came of door out He and

will this field in CUCH affairs require the most future programs the founded Timpanogos and home place special emphasis upon the Hike, which has been an annual careful planning and thorough socially cooperative activities, such affair for nearly a quarter of n organization to give the greatest at the UniverHe is now returns in development hapand as still California, were indulged in by our foresitycentury. of Southern

require subtle superThey fathers. athletes training in active and piness.

The days of unrestrained comcoaches and in directing physical vision and guidance by "setting"petition appear to be numbered. activities. and program rather than by indiThe new social order will most (Continued on page 253)

207i 'M

r w'-

FAVA K.

PARKE R

A PRINCESS looks down from my livingroom SI wall,

Slender and golden, and regally tall.

Like a violet hill in a deepening mist

There gleams on her finger—an amethyst!

I always have loved them and longed for one so

The color sets something within me aglow.

TJ/E were always too poor for such frivolous things V.--V As jewels, and colors, and beauty—and rings,

But I dreamed of the day when my Princeof-allmen

Would come for me, find me and claim me, and then,

When he asked me to name my betrothalring stone

I'd choose—O! an amethyst, all for my own!

John came along. Poor and loving and rHEN

kind.

I explained, but the eyes of his spirit were blind

And though he was gentle he just couldn't see

How "a bit of blue glass"could mean pleasure to me.

And so we were married, quite simply, and yet

There lingered the dream that I could not forget.

a plate buying while dimestore, in the day /DIDN'T ONE Fate!) (perhaps it was replace I'd broken one How the colortell Johnkeptforcallinghe neverand callingcould seeto me. To

Near the door, midst the beads and the bracelets and It isn't his fault that he can't understand things Why I'd long for a gem on my grubby old hand.

There on the counter were amethyst rings!

Of course, now, I know they were only of glass,

But the color was real, though the setting was brass.

T WANTED one sol TJ E doesn't know sometimes at day's weary end * And as quick as a wink *-* In the hour before he comes home, I pretend

I bought one before I'd a minute to think. (As I rock, while I'm waiting to turn on the light)

I know it was silly, but when it was done That my hand is still slender and tender and white.

I felt happy, and wicked, and thrilled, all in one. To the Princess it isn't a laughable thing

So, for just that one hour, I put on my ring.

AS I sit there with her in the darkening room -*1 While the streetlamps all tremble and burst into bloom, She smiles down at me just as if the dear knew,

And I smile back and whisper, "I have one, too!"

a

evolving Universe

"Lo, these are but parts of His ways"

By SIR JAMES JEANS The author was former Secretary of the Royal Society of

London, Research Associate, Carnegie Institution of Washington

As given to Walter Raleigh, Washington

Correspondent and Special Writer

we look upunaided eyes disWHENwards in a clear close to us consists of sky at night, we two distinct parts—

see the heavens spangled foreground, consisting with stars; we can see beof separate stars, and a

tween two and three thoubackground, formed by a sand with pur unaided eyes. continuous cloud of disSome appear very bright and tant stars.

some very faint; astronomical investigation shows that CTUDIES have shown

this results in large part that the system of stars from their being at very difis shaped like a disc or a ferent distances. coin or a 'cartwheel. PerThe stars which look haps the last of these three

brightest are so near that comparisons is the best, betheir light takes only a few cause it has now been found years to reach us, but the that the system of stars is in faintest we can see fire, for a state of rotation. Earlier

the most part, at distances of astronomers imagined that about, 3,000 lightyears; the sun must he somewhere

that is to say, they are so near the hub of this wheel;

remote that their light has we now know that it is at to travel through space for a great distance away.

about 3,000 years before it It r,is so far away that even stars near the reaches us—we see them by the brightest

light which left them before hub are too faint to be seen the beginning of the Chrisby the unaided eyes. The

tian era. furthest stars our unaided

Besides this collection of indi Sir James Jeans eyes can see are only about 3,000 vidual stars, we also see a band lightyears away from us, while of faint pearly light encircling the to be seen as individuals by our the hub of this great wheel of stars whole sky; we call it the Milky unaided eyes, although numerous is probably something like 40,000

Way. This also consists of stars, enough to appear as a continuous lightyears away. We still do not

but of stars which are too distant cloud. Thus the sky which our know the diameter of the wheel

"When I consider thy heavens, the work of thy fingers, the moon and the stars, which thou hast ordained; what is man that thou are mindful of him?"—Psalm 8.

composed. As a consequence, the light seen through a horn, while

outermost stars move with the Herschel described it and similar slowest speeds, and take longest to objects as "shining fluid."

perform a complete revolution just as in the Solar System the outvyHEN this patch of light is most planets move most slowly and viewed through a powerful take the longest time to describe telescope, a certain amount of detail their orbits round the sun. So far begins to appear; we can see dark

as is at present known, the sun lanes across the background of light moves at about 200 miles per secand notice a certain regularity in ond, and requires something over the form and structure of the obwith any 200 million years to perform a ject. But to study it properly we

approach complete revolution. must photograph it with an exto accuIn the early days of astronomy, posure of many hours. Endless

racy, but it our Solar System was thought to new detail now, appears. The

is probably be the only system of stars in the nebular is found to be far larger s o m e th ing sky, but we now know that it is than can be seen either by the unlike two hunonly one of innumerable systems. aided eye or by direct vision

dred thousand If you look to the north of the star through a telescope; it is found to

lightyears. Still Beta in the constellation of Androcover about twenty times as much

less do we know meda, you will, if your eyesight is sky as the full moon. The only

the total number good, see a faint, hazy patch. This part we can see with the unaided

of stars which conis the object known as the Great eye is a comparatively bright censtitute the wheel. It Nebula in Andromeda. It looks at tral mass, which is fuzzy in apis almost certainly first like diffused starlight, as pearance and illdefined in outline.

greater than a hundred though a bit of the Milky Way had Round this is a detailed structure thousand million and broken off—the astronomer Marius which lies hidden until it is photomay quite well be two, described it as looking like candlegraphed with a very long exposure.

three, four or even five Just as Galileo's telescope broke times this number. up the Milky Way into separate

points of light which he at once identified jas stars, so the modern

Shaped like a Cartwheel high power telescope breaks up the '1PHUS, we shall get the best outermost regions of this nebular points into separate of light. We science picture modern which

are stars. too that these stars, know of us of our system can give of not shine with them do Many if we think of it as shaped like a fluctuate light, in a a steady but

cartwheel, with the sun perhaps a very characteristic and quite unthird or a halfway along one of mistakable way with which we are the spokes, and rotating like a cartvery familiar, because many stars wheel. The wheel is held together of our own system do precisely the

by the gravitational attractions of same. Indeed stars of this type are

the different stars of which it is than 33 Ui-M-years. 1 h (Continued on page 255)

The famous The Great Nebula A Spiral Nebula in the The Veil Nebula in the whirlpool Nebula in Andromeda Big Dipper constellation of Cygnus "RingRedding 'Be// and Gow In those dear old y hard old pioneer days the uheart standard"was often used instead of athe gold standard yet gold figures in this story of heroism.

tightly closed, Marie turned to her 1h HE door closed with a bang. twelveyear old son.

"Whew! That's blanket snow, "Tell me, Jerry."

that is!"cried Jerry and hunched "I hate to Mother,"tears floodhis shoulders and shivered. ed his eyes, he threw him-

"Cold? Come near the fire,"self against her, trying to

his mother bade him, and made as smother the sob in his though to unfasten his coat. voice.

"No, don't Mother,"he hesi- "Now, now,"she can't "It probably have to soothed, tated, "I'll—I'll all as be as bad again."go out

it is, "Yes. in the milk no Why—there's"What's the matter, Jerry? that. j,

It's worse it, Jerry?"bucket. What is

"Anything wrong, Marie?"the

voice of Christian Larsen came from the adjoining room, where he lay recuperating from a severe attack of scarlet fever. Marie touched fingers to lips and motioned

knowingly to her son.

"No, Christian,"she moved to the door of his room. The reflection from the lamp which the

early morning darkness required, made a halo of light about her blond head. He looked at her

fondly. How fine she had been

through all their trouble.

"You're an angel, Marie,"he said. than all that!"Jerry was

"Nonsense,"Marie smiled back nearly hysterical, but manget out, "Spot's to dead."talk. Save aged at him, "Now—don't

strength, all the his words I'll close At the door strength. your

so that we shan't disturb you all the fighting spirit that she had again."fought to maintain during the past

"Jerry spill the milk?"he wantfour years, seemed to leave her. It

ed to know. was "worse than all that."Spot

"His bucket's quite empty,"she was dead. That meant no milk

laughed, "Now forget us, and just for her brood, that meant no cream rest. He nodded sleepily as she for their cereal, no clabber for their

tucked the blankets about his supper, no butter for their bread.

a shoulders. That meant that the little money thought with terror—that she,

she had made from selling butter daughter of a Captain in the DanOi'NCE more in the would no longer be forthcoming. ish Army, and Christian, descendkitchen with the bedroom door That meant—and she faced the ant of proud vikings would be

"It's quite a snow we're having"she tried again.

ELSIE PETERSEN he "Yes.asked Whatabruptly,do youmakingwant?"no

pretense at polite conversation.

three feet. Tops were heavy with

potbellied heads. The ground

had begun to bulge under smooth 'NCE the door was whiteskinned tubers. Carrots,

closed on her three school children, turnips, cabbages were close to fullMarie flashed into action. The bodied maturity.

dishes, the stove, the floor, the bay Then early in September came a objects of charity. She closed her window abloom with flowers even frost. Wheat kernels shrivelled,

potato plants blackened, tuthe in in to attended were eyes the tears. to shut back winter—all bers partially only ripe shrank and turn. Christian for would awake "What'll we do?"Jerry was

now frankly crying. Marie braced breakfast at ten, then unless he was rotted in the ground. Families

herself. She mustn't let him suffer, considerably better than usual, who had anticipated winter with

too. would sleep until after the children granaries and larders brimming

"Cheer up, son, things could had come for their noonday meal. with ripened vegetables and fullbe a whole lot worse. Father has That meant that between ten and bodied grains, now faced the possibeen spared us, and no matter what twelve, she must do something bility of going hungry. Live stock

else happens, we must be thankful about Spot. herds were culled to the limit.

the fat stock Only younger were years before, Four Christian for that. eyes your Here—bathe kept. the But Christian somehow Larsen his little had brought famcold with water, then call your

sisters, the oatmeal is nearly cookily to Blue Lake Valley. They Larsens, like most of their neighed. By the time you get home had been among the first of the bors came through in good health,

from school at noon, I'll have Utah pioneers to settle there. In eagerly ready to plant new crops.

everything—-everything fixed up."June, Blue Lake Valley was a parThe second year Spring frosts

late, were adise planting beauty. to of much had hot, Days were "But haven't any money, we twice. be done cool. nights harvests thrived, The came Crops newly have we Mother?"in light mature. but lands plowed the green: Again grew with

"Don't ask questions, young fresh young sprouts. July and perils of an Idaho winter had to be man. Just trust mother—she'll August seemed even more glorious. faced on terms of strictest economy.

take care of everything. Tell Wheat stalks rose to a height of The third summer things had

212 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

been better. Crops had been planted thanked God for sparing this man One of their horses? No, they could

early. Summer had been warm. who had found her in Denmark do with no fewer than two. Hay?

July rains had moistened the warm years ago. True-—she had given There was but enough to last the

earth, plants had thrived and maturup her people and the luxuries of winter through. She eyed the

ed. Just as harvesting time arrived, an army Captain's daughter to furniture—shook her head sadly.

and men, women and children were come with him to America. Often Certainly no one piece was worth

making every effort to gather the she thought of it—but never with a cow. She thought of her clothesbounteous crops, Christian having regret. No—-the gold band that

gone for a new plow knife to the marked her marriage finger—the

County Seat, where an epidemic of one beautiful gift that Christian scarlet fever was raging, was seized had given her—meant more to her

with that dread disease. than all the luxuries of her former

There had been no end to the life. It was a symbol of the affecitsympathy extended from her neightion between them—no end to bors. Many had offered to stop a continuous cycle of love.

their own harvesting to come to

Marie's help. But so great was the

need for bounteous crops, that Everything had every man had all he could do to gone as Marie had planned. There

look to his own harvesting. had been enough of food and milk. There was even a

little jingle of money in JVlARIE surveyed the the china sugar bowl situation with heartbreaking fear that had come from and misgiving. But she faced it the butter Marie |

frankly, with clear seeing eyes. had been able to I

There was just one thing to do, sell. Now

and she did it. Early and late Spot was

she was at Christian's bedside nursdead, and ing him, fearing to leave him, her whole lest he die in her absence. In sch e me

every spare moment, she would steal out to gather a few buckets of potatoes, a few heads of cabbage, a handful of carrots. Her neighbors had kindly dug a pit, which

she and her three children had finally been able to fill. Together she

and Jerry had mowed (often by moonlight) enough hay to feed their two horses and cows until

Spring.

Winter came early. Marie

considering her case, felt that all would be well, if only Christian would recover. Of vegetablesthere was aplenty for their

winter use. But one of their "Cheer up, son,

cows must be slaughtered for wholethingslot worse.couldFatherbe a

meat. The other, "Spot,"has been spared us, and no

raised by her and Christian matter what happens we must be from a calf, she would keep thankful for that."

for milking. By strictest silently. Yet—once economy, she could sell enough of things was upset. She tried to—and laughed

butter to supply the few other neforget it as she chatted with Christhey had been fine enough—back

cessities they would require. Yes, tian over his breakfast. But once in Denmark before she had met

the Christian Larsens could, she he was fast asleep, Marie, as was Christian.

concluded, weather the perils of her wont, faced her situation a furor her Christian—what

at the First, she must somehow get anfamily! Marriage—wedding—she winterCharity—shewithout recourseshudderedto charity. squarely. marriage to him had caused in her

thought. Proud was she—as proud other cow. She knew that Olaf glanced down at her left hand.

engraved band gleamed as her Norse ancestry. Charity she Monson would sell her one—if she The wide

could never willingly accept had money. But she had no gold. In a flash she was on her

It was neither for self nor for her children, money. Yet surely among all their feet. No—-no—not that!

least of all for Christian, who had possessions there was one thing that the insignia of her marriage. An

passed so near death's door. She could be done without that was of expression of undying devotion.

it was worth a cow! said a silent prayer of thanks for equal value to a cow. The plow? A—a—yes,

his it was, No, they'd need that soon enough. (Continued on page 249) recovery—slow as

(concentratedObservation By JAMES P. SHARP

Here is an alphabet made out of growing plant life by Mother

Nature the great artificer. These sticks were gathered by the

author of this article a pioneer of Utah> who thinks they represent a good object lesson in aConcentrated Observation."

three men I owe consider- A LL day long we had been riding hard and fast after wildTOable for teaching me, when a mere lad, how to concenhorses. The main band now contrate as well as how to observe. sisted of between 500 and 600

They were, DickMoon-Eye, an head of all kinds from aged stalold Ute Indian, who taught me lions to young colts. To this

how to hunt deer which is nothing number we added daily what we but observation and then concenwere able to capture.

tration. The sun was just setting as we

tired too into Almost rode camp. other (never two mind The

sat foreman to eat, down. The wetheir for names, nothnames mean

five riders off called the of names, aing) were outlaws with both large reward for them dead or who would have charge of the alive. They joined an outfit I was band from ten at night until about

riding for, rode with us a week seven next morning. My name was

a- Automatically them. we among rest their ten toor days weary

horses. saddle fresh rose caught and

left forhorses parts and unknown to ninethirty rode away At weto us. taught They many me

relieve the watching were men who lessons.valuable the band. About a mile from

Let me here state that I do not camp we could see a dark mass of approve of crime in any way, shape something we knew was horses, for or form. It does not pay. Still when an extra wild one would get

I can not but admire those two "Nature Writing"our scent he would snort. A colt

men for the good they did while would get lost from its mother, riding with us. Their lessons I tions I began to look for the letters send call and get an answer. We

will never forget. All three are with straight lines. They were A, neared the band. A rider dropped

now dead. E, F, K, and L. The next group out and one joined us. Another

entire Collecting the in alphabet rider, to here harder I stopped. and I was D, G, O and Q were

sticksnatural did shaped seem Seeing relieve of the outlaws. of the one one a—C,to find. all but When

rather hard task until I rememletters of a group were found, the me he hung back and whispered bered some early teachings. Then remaining letter would be placed quietly, "Change horses with me,

it was easy. in the following group and includkid. I'll night ride for you."I

I found the letters U, S and J. ed with letters of that group. thanked him. Reluctantly he rode

Then accepted a challenge to proWhile searching for the letters away to join the others now fast duce the remaining twentythree of a certain group I was always disappearing.

letters. looking for other letters not of the Here was a man that was willing

group, but never did I find a single to night herd for me, and that too, "TAYS I searched for the entire letter this way; just could not without his supper. I thought

alphabet without finding a seem to find them. Q was the last about this a great deal.

single letter. Then I remembered letter found and that after weeks I remembered what father had

what DickMoon -Eye had taught of close observation. told me about hiring out. He told

me about hunting deer. His adThe lessons I had learned in me to do what the foreman told

vice was, when a whole band of observation, from my three teachme to do and ask no questions; not

deer was sighted not to shoot at ers, stood me well in hand. to ask for favors; to earn my wages

them collectively, but to single out Some might wonder what the for I was being paid top money.

a special group, and in the group lessons were that I referred to so Then I understood what he meant a single deer, take careful aim and I will make reference to two or when he said, "The days will be pull the trigger. three, not including the one about long but the nights longer."

Dividing the alphabet into secdeer hunting. (Continued on page 216)

By Dorothy Clapp Robinson

quickening ment it could wash the soul ofsteps Sarah crossedw,ITHthe road upslope rancor and give strength for another of life's merciless days. She wearilyand dropped to a large Dawn—Sarah was like

sat. sat and her rendezvous.stone which was

She breathed quickly. most mothers even if her hus- A belated coyote slunk across

Swathing the sky with newhandy fortunately, was not the road and into the sagecovered born glory, dawn trembled behind slope behind her. Somewhere a

the darkly shadowed mountains to like most men. A bit of organdog barked and was answered by

the east. Faintly and very slowly die could mean so much... another; then a cow bawled. Her

farm houses and timber etched their body tensed. Again the silence was

outlines in the valley below. but then read the story and broken only by the sleepy mating

birds, peace gone. but was glanced but about Sarah with contemplate your own of

aside the cloth square of Throwingeyes that saw not; and her body

though relaxed was motionless as "dawn"that covered her head she ran her the rock on which she sat. How fingers through her hair. The frasoothing the silence; like a sacragrant morning breeze touched her

.

The Improvement Era for February, 1933 215

face and her nostrils dilated. After had fingered the samples while groceries and an old debt. The

her feverish night the hour was Sarah's heart jerked suffocatingly. debt had been contracted two years

heavenly. Too heavenly, for soon The suspense ended, tossing the ago;when she was sick and they

it would be finished and she would samples aside he had said: had let the cows go dry.

go back to the cows, the disorder, "You know damn well I hain't A tremor ran through her the haggling poverty. She stirred got no money fer finery."crouched figure. Oh, why hadn't

sell a she managed to save some nickelsrestlessly and a dry sob quivered "I—I thought you could

in her throat. calf. You could haul it out and and quarters? Quarters! Grimly

be back in three days."It was her she tried to remember when she'd

JL/AWN spread and last defense and she used it as one seen one. But she had known this

touched with critical finger her tubknowing its effect. was coming and how she had

faded dress and rough brown skin. "All a that to buy a dress!"dreamed of it. This one glorious

From the pocket of her apron she When the expected was over she night when her Grace would stand drew out something she fingered felt so old but numbly defiant. equal. More even, for she had

reverently. A collection of fabric Always before she had withdrawn vision and Sarah knew a woman

samples from a mail order house, for the sake of peace but this was who would find a place for a school pinned together with a price tag. a matter of life. A hurt to one's girl to work for her board. Later

One by one she turned them, examself could be endured but a hurt to she would come back to showining both sides, holding them up one's child's soul was—but why them, but now, now there must

to the light; trying to multiply try to explain; butting your head be a green organdie dress and shinthem into yards and get the proper against a mountain only gave one's ing black slippers.

effect. There were crisp organdies self a bruise. From below came shouts and the

and sheer summery voiles in blues, "If you have to have one, git barking of dogs. She knew it was

pinks, orchid, and one green. A somethin'from Hunter's,"had milking time but still she sat

soulsatisfying green with yellow been his final shot. clutching the samples and staring

flowers and darker green leaves. Something from Hunter's! As blankly over the emerging verdure

Someone, especially if she had shinif she hadn't already fingered each to the still shadowed hills. From

ing flaxen hair, could be lifted by shelfworn bolt until Mrs. Hunter somewhere, some place, there must

it out of life into that place come hope and cash.

where dreams dwell.

Sarah's body laxed. Her eyes TtH E brightening

grew starry, and they saw now. horizon caught her eyes; when

Even in the dim light they saw one married life was like up the valley to the tworoom that; like the dawn, rosyschool house. They saw the hued. and pregnant with dreams.

principal's room. They saw it Day succeeding dawn was light,

packed with proudly expectant glaring, searing sometimes but parents and a row of blushing, still sunlight. Then cruelly

selfconscious graduates. They soon shadows began creeping;

saw Grace, her Grace, standing shadows of disillusion, of hopes before them all in a crisp green deferred and neverto-beful- organdie and shining patent filled dreams. With the children

leather slippers. came courage again and for a

time hope. Then tenfold, a

AT this point the edmillionand foldsneeredthe shadowsand strangled.mockpicture always faded. The One might even grow calloused

samples dropped Sarah's from for but to them children—fleshnerveless the achingfingers and flesh, heart of of your your

present throbbed through her heart, it wasn't fair, oh it wasn't marrow, dulling even her pain. fair. Heartache! Indifferent

Dreams! Always dreams for word, how could it tell of closed

her. If Grace gave her part it heartchambers whose keys were

would not be in that green orlost? How could it tell of a

gandie. Bud had settled that dawn that would never rise; of

last night. blackness stretching on into

Timidly, after the children eternity? Her face dropped into

were asleep she had approached her hands.

him with the samples. Grace Gradually she became aware

was passing with the highest "/Jut Sarah was already running down of a presence.. Raising expressiongrades in the class. Didn't he think the slope."less eyes she met a man's curious

it would be wonderful to get her had grown openly insulting to her. gaze. Freshlytailored, sitting

a lovely dress like this? Grace Mrs. Hunter might have given jauntily astride his horse he stirred

hadn't had a dress bought just for her cash for her butter just once—strangely among those closed chamkeys.her—ever. Lucile Baum was sendIn her desperation she had even bers with the forgotten

ing for the pink and Agnes Dalton asked her to; but her question had "Are you in trouble?"

its effect also. A cold, sting- "Trouble? Is there anythinghad already received hers—orchid had

it was. For one hard moment he ing effect that dealt with necessary else?"

216 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

"Can I help you?"have the contract for building the Breathlessly she stepped near the

Her fingers groped and found new highway."horse. the samples. Between thumb and Luthie! Highway. Oh, yes, "Would you—would you pay

forefinger she caressed the green she had heard. Going to make the me cash?"

organdie. Her eyes sought the dissummit in an hour when it was Her face strangled the smile that

tant mountains, then turned to done. might have come. He nodded unhim again. He went on. "One of my men derstandingly.

"There is nothing you can do."recommended your butter. I was "Every day if you wish. I'll

I get the to see could on you. first today—"but Sarah way my Reluctantly the man bade his use at a or five the four already was pounds day running down

horse move on, then drew rein sudfirst, later I could use more. Do slope.

denly. you want to sell it to me?""I'll have it ready by ten;"she

"Are you Mrs. Evans?"called back as she plunged into the

A gleam of intelligence lighted IHE sun leaped white cottonwood grove.

the dulled eyes. and glorious over the mountain Such a glorious morning as it

"Yes, I am Mis'Evans."peak. Sarah crushed the samples. was and in the grove it was still

"I am Luthie,"he explained, "I Brown knuckles showed gray. dawn.

nc/elsVs*- Concentrated ObservationContinuedpage from213

It began to grow light in the the beautiful princess. How the was to live, always a respectable

east. The long night was about king had his eyes blinded, but how life so that I could look every man

gone, or was it? The big full through the belief in the Great I met straight in the eye. Then in

moon slowly came over the mounSpirit that his mother had taught the afternoon he said, "Kid, if ever tains. I looked at my watch. him his sight was restored. you are tempted to commit a crime,

Placed it to my ear to hear if it He rode away and left me with or to be led astray, close your eyes. was still running. It was, and—one eye on the band and the other Form a mental picture of a crowded

twelve ten. on the stars; before I realized, it court room with a stern judge on

was growing light, I saw a rider the bench, the jury in the box and

A COYOTE howled near by. approaching. "Mawnin'kid. Boss the prosecuting attorney just sumAnother took it up and then said when she showed light in the ming up the evidence, demanding

others, until the night was hideous east to let 'em feed out."the prisoner be given the limit.

with the howling. A rider was It was one of the other night "An aged couple, with bowed

approaching in the blue haze. He riders speaking. I had learned my heads and teardimmed eyes are

rode up to me and stopped. It first lesson on concentrated obserlistening. They are your parents

was the outlaw I had relieved. He vation. and you are the prisoner. After

said, "I have had my supper, an The next day I helped hold the seeing all of this then open your hour's rest, caught a fresh saddle band. At night we rode alone eyes and you will be so thankful

horse and feel fine. Go in and go by day by twos. My companion that you have not committed the

,to bed. I'll do the rest of the trick was the other outlaw. All morncrime, that you never will bring

for you."ing he talked to me about how I anguish and sorrow to your par-

I thanked him and told him ents through your misdeeds. We

what father had said about obeying are getting too close to civilization the boss and the boss had told me so will leave you tonight. Always

to herd and that I was going to remember the lessons your parents stick it out. Then he asked, "What taught you at home."

do you do to pass the time?"They left us that night. I was

"Just think,"I answered. sorry to see them go. Years later

"What about?"one of these outlaws heard I was

"Everything."in Nevada and came to visit me one

"I thought so. Why not connight. He seemed pleased to see I know I was gladcentrate your thoughts. At night me again and

look up and think of your God, to see him, and again thank him the Heavens and the stars. By day for his wonderful talk to me.

look down and observe."When the Good Book is opened,

—-toldHe showedme howmeto findthe Northit. ShowedStar eachone cleanof thosesheetmenonwillthehavecreditat leastside

me the Big Dipper and the Broken of the ledger for the valuable lesChair. Explained how they resons they taught me. To their

volved around the North Star. departed Spirits I offer my sincerest

rest in peace.Told me where to find Orion and '* thanks. May they

the Indian legend about that great warrior: how he, with his bow

and seven arrows, and the assistance jDEHOLD, what manner of love of his two faithful dogs, Sirius and the father hath bestowed upon

Procyon, slew the Great Bull, us, that we should be called the sons thereby winning the right to marry '/ dare you to a race."of God. * * * "John.

CLUES TO CLOTHES

By CLAIRE W. NOALL

tall, slender and cultivate that which is charmingELEANOR, blonde, is looking in her and appropriate.

long mirror. She is studyPlain Jane may conjure up a

ing her face, her form, her hair. beauty as real and sure as blonde

Is her motive entirely one of Eleanor's or elegant Pauline's if she vanity? Hardly! Her mind is on will but believe in it and find the

an absorbing but perplexing probway to its awareness. There never

possess did not clothes.lem—her let hidstay yours Both time and money for this charm—don'twas a girl who

purpose are recessive items in her den. Believe in yourself and gain

busy life, yet here is a question to a sure but quiet respect for the sinbe met, and one of no small sigcerity and earnestness of your own nificance, for Eleanor, a clever girl, character, and out of this belief realizes full well the eifect of a you will develop grace and poise.

good or bad appearance and the Without it there may be awkwardimportance of being well dressed. ness and embarrassment. Good

And she is studying herself in relataste in dress will emphasize your tion to that interesting subject. fine points and will subordinate

Pauline is also looking in her those which are less attractive.

mirror. It reflects a striking bruWhat a gold mine to discover upon

nette, aglow with the joy of life. selfanalysis that clear, fine skin is

Reasonably enough she is developjust as desirable as a patrician nose ing in her mind's eye the possior lustrous hair; that a fine figure

bilities the of prevailing mode in ficienciesand good incarriagefeatures;offsetandcertainthat deanregard to figure her and coloring,

of kindexpression and good cheerfor she too that the is aware matter liness is lovelier brilliant than dressof should be neither fad nor fancy, but fact—worthy of her eyes, while a considerate manner

most serious consideration. and a winning smile attract friends

Countless mirrors reflect the when hauteur and pride repel thoughtful gaze of as many girls, them!

each intent upon the same subject, in dress is notfor surely blondes, platinum and ARTISTRY yellow, titians and brunettes, and achieved without independto be sure those of us who are just ence, for we must follow neither average everyday plain Janes, if friend nor fashionmaker beyond you will, must consider the infinite the bounds of our own true selves.

possibilities in the matter of dress. Happiness is not derived from imLet us make an art of it. itation of any sort but from a

How? gradual integration of one's indiSimply by intelligent considervidual qualities and powers. Thereation and choice. fore envy and discontent, the

Scylla and Charybdis on the road

OAVAGES deck themselves in to fashion must be passed with gay and barbarous attire, someset out to. Clothes have a decided head held high and a strong detertimes for the purpose of frighteneffect upon one's appearance, inmination not to succumb to their

ing others or warding off imagined fluence, and outlook on life also. wiles. Economic depression, whose

dangers or evil, and at other times It is very important that we gain challenge lies in the fact that it to attract favorable attention. As some knowledge of beauty in brings out true values, is a blessing

a matter of fact they succeed reclothing, that we shun what is barin so far as it makes us careful and markably well in doing what they barous and grotesque, and that we selective.

21 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

So, in planning our wardrobes, cut, at the front and back; long istics and bring them out, while

let us consider the following lines in the cut of a garment are the other does not, beautiful as it points: expenditure within the good, but hips must have room; may be.

budget; lines, harmonious to the if the dress is drawn across the

figure; colors and color combinabody too snugly it emphasizes both DECAUSE in his manufacture of

tions becoming to the complexion hips and diaphragm; wide shoulgoods, man has successfully

and suitability for wearing purders slenderize hips; sleeves with imitated nature in all the exquisite

poses. the fullness at the lower part shades to which the three cardinal

If the budget calls for thrift, let broaden them; a narrow cuff and colors lend themselves, let us not

it be so; thrift is extremely fashionforearm with the fullness at the vie with her by imitating in a

able these days, and fashion is a elbow or above gives a more slender single costume the beautiful tone part of our goal. Girls at school appearance; surplices are good for studies in copper and gold, roseor in business, nurses, brides, and both large and small people and pink and red, mauve, green and

housewives certainly do not require they are "in"this season. A bertha blue that one sunset displays to our

the same numbers or type of cossoftens the shoulders, but if a perhungry eyes. Heaven forbid! Nor

tume. Think first of the places son is very large it will also widen shall we do so in a single season.

you go and their frequency, and them. The large or the short perWhy attempt to rival Joseph's

then decide what you need for genson should never indulge in sharp coat of many colors? There is a

eral wear, whether it is for school, contrasts in material for the blouse psychological jolt which is hard office or house, and consider your and skirt of one dress. You can to get over if one sees a dress or

social occasions, formal, informal, readily imagine how that would costume first and the person afteror semiformal. If you are a cut the height and increase the size. wards. We should dress to express

school girl and have your father's Solid colors and monochromatic our personalities, not our eccentricbudget instead of your own to combinations are better for a perities; so let our clothes function as

consider, cut the number of dresses son of such a figure. A short perbackground only. A bright orange

you think you need in half or in son should not permit herself to ensemble, elaborately trimmed, for four, according to your acquisitivehave horizontal lines or an overinstance, is highly bizarre and ness, and do the same with shoes, blouse; they also cut the height. noticeable; dove gray or navy blue

hats, and accessories. You'll find The soft and undulating curve is is quiet and in good taste.

that you can get along admirably. fashionable this season, rather than Although we may be fortunate

'To be highly suitable to your use the accented line. enough to have several dresses let

and alluring to your finest features, Although the emotions should us plan them all in accordance with clothes do not have to be costly or not affect the cost or the cut of a chosen color scheme for one too numerous. Clever manageyour clothes, they could have a season. Accent, if you will, with

ment should accomplish a good apdecided influence on your selection a bright color here and there, and pearance on a small amount of of materials. Blue serge is miles contrast occasionally with your acmoney and free you from that away from blue velvet; the occacessories, but whether your shade

worried look over unpaid clothing sions on which they are worn be blue, green, brown or red, all bills as well. should be as far apart. But velvet your costumes should conform or

and satin appear at the same gathharmonize with one hue. If

tJAVING decided upon the erings. Which becomes your type? brown is your selection combine

number of things necessary to Are you a brilliant metallic sort of it with rust, beige, copper or your needs, choose them with due person with dark flashing eyes and orange. Contrast it with green or

regard to the next point of conblack hair? You would be stunyellow in your trimmings or acsideration, line. Sentiment should ning in satin. Is your nature deep companiments, such as scarf, gloves

have no more influence on the cut and more inclined to tranquility? or purse. Then, if you wish, you

of your clothes than it has on the Velvet would be lovely! Its elecan introduce as the dominant note

budget; the latter is determined by gance is unquestioned. One person for the following season some

your income, the former by your may wear both materials, but it color which you have used in a figure. Either you are tall or short, is surprising how one sort will secondary way at the present mostout or slender, or again, just emphasize the natural characterment, such as a dress of a certain

medium. With certain modificacolor that you have used only in

tions to suit the variations of a scarf or as trimming before. You

changing fashions you should stay Lights will be able to carry over to good by the same fundamental lines in By Frank Steele advantage many of last year's clothes or having without ugly an clothes.the cut of your Do large

a score of jolly ones, T IGHTS, color in note inharmonious your sleevespuff slenderize a stout girl, *—* size, Of varied hue and

or does a boatshaped neck cover Shone on the tree, but millions shone entire ensemble. There is enough

the clavicles of a bony anatomy? In my sweet laddie's eyes. variation possible in this plan to

year to one avoid monotony from well. veryNot maAs a woman

of confidence Lights and trust; another economical and yet to be theretures a tendis nearly always joy; and Of merrimentency to hips, you've heard of the Lights of faith put there by God—by obtaining long wear and good

fortyyear spread, but it also exists Faith for a little boy. service from your things.

are girls. Here in some

dreams. a few Lights, them, and behind

hints the appearance for slimming be; HPHE important thing is to know to of Dreams the man

of hips. Never let your skirt flare Stars in boyhood's firmament your type and select those

out at the sides, keep the fullness, Glowing with prophecy. colors which are aids to your greateither from gathers or a circular est beauty. Here are a few sugThe Improvement Era for February, 1933 219

gestions for certain types of comred for evening—no pale color exwell pressed and very clean they

plexion which are based primarily cept white, and white is unkind to will look far better than an unon the principle of complementary skin imperfections. If you have kempt garment of more modern

colors and color blending. The them admit it, and dress to subdue extraction.

complementaries are pairs of colors such a complexion. If your skin To sew, or not to sew, is anclear, perfect a completewhich form and is smooth and brown question. and other The answer—sewcontrast, are yellow, splendid because such as blue and persimmon at times if you have by all means,

orange and violet, red and green, or they will lend a glow to your skin the knack of it. Its greatest adblack and white. They are the and they will match your hair. vantage lies in its moneysaving

bases for many striking color This type should not wear black powers, but economy of time is a schemes, but modesty requires careunless she has an exceptionally consideration and waste is a pity:

ful discrimination in their use. good figure or skin or sparkling so if you find after adequate experiColor blending which is sympaeyes to give it the dash of vitality mentation that you are not succeedthetic to the complexion pays homit needs. ing very well in what you are atage to the highlights of beauty. Fortunate indeed is the brunette tempting you might as well take

And thus there are two theories of with black hair revealing brown advantage of the products of the intensifying one's natural coloring, tints, black eyes, and rich ivory machine age. At times it is just

the use of a complementary which skin with warm coloring, for she as cheap, or cheaper to buy ready accentuates through contrast and is the friend of all colors providing made than it is to make at home.

the employment of shades which she doesn't override her bump of But there are some remarkable barblend harmoniously. caution in wearing them. gains to be picked up on remnant

If, for instance, you are Anne There is a rare complexion tables and in short lengths. There

Harding's type of ashblonde with which is utterly entrancing, a delimight be so little difference in the silveryellow hair, blue eyes, and cate black haired type with clear shade of two short pieces that one skin with pink tones, gold, the white skin and dark violetblue dress could be made from them. A

Norwegian bridal color is symeyes, in reality a blonde with black brighter note in the trimming, pathetic to your hair, and it forms hair. Pink will bring out the color which one might possibly have on

a wonderful background for it for of this skin, blue or violet the hand, would make the difference in evening wear, or violet, which is color of the eyes and black or white two lengths almost negligible, and the complementary color is also exwill enhance the blueblackness of a good silk dress could be obtained quisitely lovely. Repeat the blue the hair. at a cost as low as two dollars.

of your eyes in necklace or brooch, In this age a variety of colors is Remnants of brown and tile flat but certain blues make blue eyes open to the titian; soft gray is a crepe would combine to make a

bluer, others turn them green or good background for such vivid very beautiful dress at half the price dull gray; so be careful, blueeyes, beauty; copper and rust are symthat a piece off the bolt would cost.

and put depth into your shining pathetic to auburn hair and frame face to the the bring out of glow against blues tryingorbs leeyour by there is more A/TOREOVER is skin, the contrastthe green and face before choose.your you Many to dressmaking in home way color Titian used always which for ing fine are particularlygreens if color a scheme chosen out work such painting For women. when is a fetching green indeedblondes; for is item, important expense an some shades of pink and suit a scarfcloth of black and evening with is one a consideration when cost is strawberry, red are marvelous, or a dashwhite of red. with rack, the bargain for dependent uponChinesejade green, however, is example, but blue—never! and it may be unfriendly to a preutterly infor plan. Suppose, conceived far, so are we how devastating for the fairCO good—buthaired. selected gray, stance, that you have art achieve the to of going

If you have golden brown hair, dress? With careful planning, wise which is just coming into high

blue eyes and warm skin tones you buying, fastidious upkeep, and in favor, for your next outfit. It

can wear more vivid tones than if addition, perfection in grooming. might be comprised of a dress of

you are of the same color with less Without the latter quality any efgray plaid wool with a touch of dash. Here, as in the choice of fort towards good appearance is brown worked into it, a threematerials, your color scheme should futile. And upkeep is very imquarter gray coat, trimmed with

to relationshipbear hat caracul, your matched some belt and and a portant—if old clothes are kept plaid.type. the quaint in the slight are demure, of If you browns

or piquant, a modest color scheme A gray dress with a pin line stripe would suit your type while the The Mantle of Time would be at home in this ensemble.

brighter shades would be suggestFor afternoon you might have ive of smartness and selfassurance. By Bryce W. Anderson either garnetred or brown because

color. is a neutral if you Or mantle of Time on the shoulders gray

beige or with are combining brown YouthHpHE girl who has brown hair rHE of with chestnut tints and gray Is a blanket of brightest hue. green, a brown trimmed detachable

blue eyes with warm tan skin tones It is paintedhope, by vision and lightened by cape on the coat would harmonize is a medium brunette. There are For its world has been woven anew. with a brown frock.

myriads of her and she should not Coats are not so difficult to fashbe nonchalant about her color. Let But the mantle of Time on the shoulders ion as you might imagine; many

of Age tailored ones beautifullythere color note are made be an outstanding the years, the dust of with cost. remarkably low sakefor the of interest, browns at home at deeds of burdens undone with or AndIs heavygray

red for day wear, goldyellow, As the yawning graveedge nears. And by the way, have you ever

geraniumpink, fuschia or lipstickseen one of those stunning knitted 220 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

suits which can be made at a fracwould you like a brown suit with abound on every hand. Through

tion of the price for which one orange collars and cuffs, copper a wise choice of clothing we may could order or buy one? With pabuttons, and a brown suede belt attain that satisfactory feeling of

tience and a determination to finish with a copper buckle? If you can being well dressed, and thus free

what you start, you could make knit there is an open invitation; ourselves from all clothescon-

one in about six weeks'spare time. books of exact directions are easily sciousness, a very necessary aspect

Yarn works up in gorgeous comobtainable, and traveling demonin the art of dressing. It is exbinations. Just picture this three strators or department store teachtremely unpleasant to see a person

piece suitskirt and blouse of appleers are at your service. continually fussing with her dress,

green, jacket, a laceknit, done in Just one more clue to your hair, or lipstick, or to be with one brown. The skirt is plain; the clothes—they deserve but one place who thinks clothes to the exclusion

blouse has a group of diagonal in life, background. Important as of all other subjects. And so, havstripes in brown and lemon, runthey are, they should assume their ing chosen, forget your clothes and

ning from shoulder to hip, achieved relative position in regard to the be free to follow other worth while by knitting the entire blouse diagmany absorbing interests that pursuits.

onally. Very, very smart! How

*>—-icVoi—-<*

Leisure? Continuedpagefrom198$ What Will You Do With Your

munity singing to combat the action, uninhibited by pentup conquers. It may be that with the

thrills that the gang members get emotions which leave us nervous next turn of the wheel the people from crime. With this in mind, wrecks at the end of many great rich in esthetics and social culture

many of the child's activities can spectacles. will be the conquerors.

be explained: his balancing, climbThis life of the Southwest, esing, sliding down roofs, playing pHE Greeks, at the downfall of pecially as represented in the

with matches, building block their country, were characterPueblos, Navajos, H o p i s, and houses; and, later, stealing fruit, ized as a class of useless athletes and others in old Mexico, represents

and secondstory jobs. Perhaps an unethical nation of spectators. civilization in which leisure was

many of our drinking bouts and It was then that professionalism used for art and craftsmanship.

carousing parties of modern city and overspecialization arose. By These did not consist merely of a

life can be explained in the same the close of the fifth century, acwhimsical decoration; the designs

way. tivities for all had been abandoned were all tribal symbols, representCrime is largely participated in in place of professional displays. ing the forces of nature—lakes,

by the youth of the land, but the History strangely repeats itself; we mountains, rain, wind, birds. This

cause of crime must be laid at the are today reenacting the age of civilization has resisted the madoor of a shortsighted community Xenophon and Euripides—the chine. Primitive life has much to

which fails to provide the youth number of spectators increases, the teach that which today we call with a legitimate object for which number of participants decreases. civilization.

to struggle. But Greece did develop for the few We need not wait to live. Our

The third choice, our alternative that answered the challenge a philosophy has been too much: to boredom—spectatoritis, breakGolden Age of art. save and slave now, live later. downs and crime—is creative arts We may learn some of our lesWealth—driving personal enthusiasms in sons from the Orient where culture The happyis to manuse; willleisurebeis theto use.one

vocations and avocations. The indates to the very dawn of history. who does not wait to go to Rio,

ability of the spectator to act in an The interpretation given to the few but goes now.

emotional situation causes a condicenturies B. C. by Mei LanFang The happy man, the healthy

tion analogous to shell shock, show a richness hitherto unknown man, the normal man and the busy where fighting was impersonal and to us. The vases of the Sun Peman are one, busy but not cramped,

where the individual had little riod, tenth to thirteenth centuries, active but with sufficient glide for chance to fight even for his own and the sculptures of the sixth recuperation. The happy man will

life. The slowmoving bovine century show us a freshness and be the one who is cultivating cacti,

type of individual does not get color, grace and inspiration. making a rock garden, raising

shell shock, nor will he suffer much In the creative arts of the InJersey cows, sculpturing, painting, from spectatoritis. However, the dians of our Southwest, we see a building a boat, building a cabin

highly sensitive, keen individual, partial answer to our old problem. up the river, cultivating roses,

upon whose shoulders rests the proHere we see a group of people in looking for dinosaur eggs in the gress of civilization, is the one to some ways conquering their conGobi Desert, hunting ice caves in be vitally affected. He is one of querors, as Greece conquered Rome. New Mexico, weaving, playing the

a large class who are today victims These Indians, in esthetics, ethics, violin, writing a book, having a of spectatoritis shock. Recuperaand social culture, surpass the supreme personal enthusiasm.

tion is acquired in sleeping, plus white civilization. They failed in From this great world the specthe many short periods of glide material development. Our matator must be excluded. He has

during the day, together with those terial success may lead to our entire built the wall between himself and longer, occasional glides tied up destruction. It will be many genhappiness. He must go round and

with personal enthusiasm, at which erations before it has been actually round in endless flight. This endtime the body is integrated through proven that material progress really less flight is characterized by phys-

The Improvement Era for Februaryt 1933 221

ical exhaustion, where he finds it day, but living more tomorrow. skin, whether it be black, yellow

impossible to stop. He cannot This is so well expressed by K. W. or white. The spectator is satisarrive and there is no joy in the Baker: fied as he shrivels up in the grandprocess. The doer, the creator, the stand or before the radio, snug in

light just over the a mellower be can belief everything that hill, hishobbyist, keeps pursuing; he never "There's

daffodil, a yellower somewhere And worth that nothing isarrives. and bought sweeter that's somewhere, honey, And

Which of these three alternatives still. while unless it costs money. "I

will you, with your rich heritage, 'need to let down,"he rationalizes, like a stay meant to some were "And in money,accept? pays the easy Will stone, and you take the price—first always they have the things Knowing even in death. act for then He is deadpath and let someone you known,

and hence face a living death? Will Sinking down deeper into their own. though he may cheat the florist and

you take the crime alternative and the undertaker for fifty years.

the follow and me, must some wind socialface death? you "But Or will

like starting like to be to be and Whoaccept of perpetual the path youth? free, on Toliving—-itkeep youngmeans meansmeetingtolife.keep as so glad we're going to be!"Never

yOUTH means a temperamental is the ageold "I'd like to roll withThea meetingsupreme ofpersonalthis leisureenthusitime life, largely will, IT early be in of over courage predominance asm before to I'm day some Rio

It a matter. be an personaltimidity, appetite the adfor of may is that thing glorious the old,"and

is carried life ease. individual theventure of over which hobby This as he as he to Rio to go wants long

satisfacone's exists in fifty largely foroften of on own more a man individual old. never grows The

is life if a full to in be the tion, twenty. of butthan boy Nobody skills, is a perfecting in doer who

lived, old these living hobbies a merely make mustgrows by numin situations, or in meeting new richer in years. place a People ofber old your community grow his boundaries by enlarging emotional

live. of their ideals. to Hence,deserting which many of finds the fountain he who socialized. to is will be Years This the wrinkle skin; but them like eagerness of youth. The men to strugglegive or the challenge have wrinkles enthusiasm must up has Dr. William Burnham, who welfare,soul. selfdistrust, fear pubWorry, with community do birthhis just seventysixth passed

lic are the be able long, not works.and may You despair—these eagerness day, probto meet new

a planet, hearts years the locate a tolong make and new that bow see a people, lems, write new new spirit microscope, the greeningturn out to work back compound is to inspiration a living book, lead relativity,dust. sixty sixteen, can or but of laws you Whether

to keep of us thousands growing, is inthere the serve a every troop, on comhuman-being's Scout to keep builds doer young. The the lureheart the of Assomittees of sweet wonder, Improvement your vigorous, the destrong and body

at at stars the ciations, star- a school teachamazement and Sunday skills, satvelops not only which like serve things class, hike, a thoughts, the or organize your unand isfy his lay the foundahunger but official. a challenge events, asdaunted of public the All community

life interests. for tion doer The childlikeunfailing appetite the standthis for be done can from

is to problems anxious meet new next, the desire the one's to of satisfying of and joywhat point game see to the learns virtue beneath and living. as solveof as are situations, to young meet new You new

your faith, as old as your doubt; problems, and to serve. Public ofas young as your confidence, as old fice must be thought of in terms of

fear;as your as young

despair. as oldhope, as your as your Honesty servingfrom thethegroup.group, Innotthe graftinghighest

In the central part of your heart By Donald A. Fraser sense, then, this use of leisure time

is an evergreen tree; its name is must somehow be tied up to a

on which Rock HE service, HT ideal, Good Business religious a religion of as it flourishesLove. So long you

rests * its a religion has at very which it areare young. dies, you When Is plain Honesty; Honesty,

old. In the central part of your The only base which stands all tests depth increasing of the opportuniheart there is a wireless station. So Is Honesty, yes, Honesty! ties for fullness of living. It is

a while for others answer fully to live others only by helping as it receiveslong messages of Some style, flashy in bear structures Great full the can himself enjoy that one cheer, hope,beauty, grandeur, late, pile just a they're or But, soon courage and power from the earth, Of ruins spread ingloriously! life.

from men, and from the Infinite, You young people of the Morso long are you young. When the TheThisSharperHonesty,and theGod'sScoundrelHonesty;scorn mon Church have been handed a

wires are down and all the central It makes no noise; it blows no horn, brightly burning torch. It has

place of your heart is covered with Does Honesty, true Honesty; been kept alive by your forefathers

the snows of cynicism and the ice It's far too tame for them, and slow; for ages. You must hand that

of pessimism, then you are grown AndIt willyetnottheyfollowcravewhereits fame,they andgo, so torch on to the next generation.

old, even at twenty, and may God They ape it in their villainy! Not only during the hours of

have mercy on your soul! work, but during the hours of

Youth is a quality of eagerness, Then, if you've found a Business fair, leisure, you have the opportunity clean Honesty, Honesty! Use this to brighter torcha make burn forward. looking At a recent the as go keep you on And

flicker let it to fade. square or at and That Club,luncheon the Canadian Honesty, Honesty; sound With

Grenfell of Labrador said, "My Success will grow amid the din. you will make of your leisure an

people keep happy. Life is worth For Honesty is Truth's own twin, opportunity to serve the group I

a is have single doubt. not there as you longwhile as May hope AndThey'llTruthhelpis boundyou tototheseemastery!her win;

it a in a is light, worthy and be a do manner ray ofahead."Hope

something new, joy in living toguiding star to other communities.

'Being a outhpawOn By LLOYD LEHRBAS

Are you left - handed?

Then perhaps this is the opportunity you have been seeking to find out how other "southpaws"feel about it. If

you are not lefthanded, perhaps this will aid in making you a little more sympathetic with one who has to stand on his ear to write.

lefthanded. whooping cough, the seven years'automobiles and airplanes, traffic

table telephones, regulations, manfever, the hauntitch, seasonal hay I bun- a pinkI'M wee was When. is.. practically everything ners AmeriGreat to the desire pen ing

I began event blessed dle of those benefit of the for or designed other annual or Novel, any can south things for withreaching my been to born affliction. have always lucky enough I'm go semiannual to I've continued andpaw just righthanded. Southpaws lefthanded. right the for reaching Lifethrough as struggle along to awkwardhave is a righthanded this since And hand. the wrong withthings best can. they is ly and cent of per humanity world (96 is heritage a from thatWhether

some longforgotten ancestor, or righthanded, according to the Clothing is made to be buttoned whether it was because my left eye authorities on handedness) ruled or fastened with the right hand.

was better than my right eye and by and for righthanded people, To appear in public unbuttoned

I, accordingly, reached for whatwe poor retiring southpaws are as simply isn't being done this year.

ever I saw best, is a problem of inconspicuous and comfortable as From the cradle southpaws have human development that psy- a goldfish with the fleas. been forced to train right hands to

chologists are still pondering The right hand is always right perform such tasks even though it about. and the left hand is always wrong. necessitates grotesque and doubleThe point remains that I am jointed appearing contortions.

lefthanded and it is a great deal '""POOLS and instruments of all Dinners, to a southpaw, are worse than having perpetual kinds, sporting equipment, trials by eating. The knives, forks.

The Improvement Era for February, 1933 223

spoons and other implements are Under the circumstances I fregrave disadvantage. I know sevall laid wrong. Half of the time quently do. eral southpaws who are still loneyou get into the wrong butter dish Writing systems were devised by some bachelors as a result of that.

and the other half you pick up righthanders for righthanders your neighbor's rightful glass of and as none of the systems work (ULLING their information water. You must do sleightof- backwards I 'just wrote'and tofrom Sunday illustrated magahand tricks to cut your meat, day still write like a nineyear old. zine supplements, the halfbaked

switch knife or fork, and convey On the subway or in a street theories of freak psychologists, or it to your mouth without punchcar if I reach for a strap with which remembering some of the supering the lady or gentleman on your to escape the perils of the sports I stitious relics of the Dark Ages left in the ribs, interfering with always get the one next to the one when all lefthanders were considhis or her elbow exercises and cut- I should have gotten and am faered unlucky, human illomens, ting your own throat. Apologies vored with frigidairish looks from and eccentric curiosities, also makes

are received coldly and apologies all the understanding lady strapit very, very difficult for us southalways arouse wonder as to why hangers. paws. Many wouldbe halfwits

your hostess invited you in the Whatever I do with my left are always attempting to be clever first place and, since you are there, hand always appears awkward and at the expense of the unfortunate why she doesn't have you eat in a signal for unrestrained laughter portsider.

the kitchen. from everyone within focus. People Bumptiously showing off their

invariably stare at me when I am Book of Knowledge cultural atTF you are a mezzobrow and writing and say: "Isn't that just tainments they insinuate that

patronize the armchair lunchtoo funny!"... and then further southpaws are sports of nature,

rooms you discover that they have embarrass me by asking silly queserratic, bullheaded, unconventionthe stationary trays on the wrong tions... do I read the wrong way? al, unfortunate, very likely to have

side of the chair. And if you use... do I ever jab myself with the strange peculiarities of behavior,

the tray on the chair next to you fork?... do I "hold hands"that and stammer or stutter. We are

(as I invariably do) you are way? really no crazier than the average,

scowled at by the manager, fellow Like every other lefthander I but we have a difficult time provcustomers, and bus boys. was always "an erratic southpaw"ing it.

Good friends object to your when I tried to play baseball. In Once I met a lady who seemed

using their fountain pens on the football the coach and captain to understand.

score that you make the penpoints would never trust me to kick be- "Lefthanded people are all supcockeyed. cause I used my left foot. posed to be geniuses,"she exclaimed, coyly. I If a take fair a lady in home It's addiin impossible for me,

I grin. grinned best my taxi a on glamorous moonlighttion, tie. tie a to decent No bow "... all geniuses, and of course, she, first gets naturally, night in tieslefthanded of has wearer bow are still crazy,"she continued, seat. takes far the and puts Thatever trick tieing the taught of me coyly. all a us (and at lefthanders) me I result aone have backwards. As Just the another of toomany-

to buy readytied bows and am in people.

deadly terror that it will become And only a few nights ago I slip orunhooked and leave me a dinner a was at pernitwit where in Homing of floor withthe middle the dance sisted off in dictionhis showing that halfnaked feeling and a gigBy Gladys Hendrickson ary reading by describing leftgling arms. debbie in my handedness of 'sinister.'in terms a place

being Automobiles 'sinistral,'unfair and other are growing and designed as -*J KNOWWhere violets they are, and traffic rules and reguIn moist, dark earth derivatives.

lations being what they are, I am Beneath an aspen tree, The flighty dame next to me never comfortable except when I know a stream, grinned goofily but uncompremotoring in those sane European And through its rapid flowing hendingly until a bright idea sudcountries that sensibly decree that Its restless soul denly exploded in her miniature you drive on the lefthand side of Is calling out to me. brain.

the street. High in the hills "Oh, yes, the bar sinister,"she

Lefthandedness seems to cause, A cabin light is gleaming, exclaimed, looking at me with pity.

whether from heredity or environThrough silent pines "That's too bad!"

ment, leftearedness and telephone The moonlight's sifting down; What's a southpaw going to do?

receivers are unquestionably on the And there's a field telephones. the side ofwrong To iris, dreaming, Of mountain A Moment of April love, a you recall,try to make Do or put down memo

a number while using a telephone That it matched my gown? A ROUND the brows of mountains

in clouds themselves shape whitelefthanded is one winter's gone of the marvels Now vast lagwhile rhythms, and varied contortionistic juggling.of fly with the swallow My dreams

drift gard across spaces fragments wide clear, to a fragrant, Back 'HpO play golf I have to have a Starkindled dawn weird,of blue halfanimatesky and fuseforms.themselvesA littleinto

lefthanded set of clubs and I'd give my all breeze trips buoyantly along the even then when I appear on a To let my footsteps follow ground, then lifts itself in riotous joy, be at homecourse other players out And look air. at me the whirls and upper away into

springtime With coming on. certain eyes aof the corner of their tree In the of a dead top branches

that I will tear up half of the turf. meadow lark trills. Floy L. Turner.

LGmU Knowledge Must be Used again,the washingstrongofdrinksyour bodies.are not for the belly, but for

is the again, for tobacco not but you, benefits Tobacco—And, that eat is not you what /T is belly, neither for for the good not and is of body, today digest. hear you you what What

is all cattle, sick bruises for herb but man, an and practice. it into unless put to use you you no

skill. to be used with judgment and it: repeated often said, I have has and Somebody

are again, drinks not hot Hot glass eye is a like practice Drinks—And without "Knowledge

for the body all use."for for nothing and show

Fruits and orVegetables—-Andbelly. again, verily I say well as you can; but to is look as all right It

a glass eye is of no optical value. Likewise, unto you, all wholesome herbs God hath ordained

use nature, of man. constitution, and for the into put it you value unless is of no knowledge fruit thereof, every in the season and herb Every unless world, in the teaching the practice. All

the individual is living that which he teaches, in the season thereof; all these to be used with

thanksgiving. prudence and It does action. spirit right of the carry will not

of the flesh and also of beasts really it not does it weight; the Meat—Yea, carry with not for air, Lord, have ordained I, the the of fowls listen. those hearts of the who touch nevertheless thanksgiving; the with use of man are life. gives we spirit that is It the When

living the Gospel of Jesus Christ we have the they are to be used sparingly; and it is pleasing

spirit and the people feel it. unto me that they should not be used, only in

is ordained for the use of timesGrains—Allof winter, orgrainof cold, or famine.

man and of beasts, to be the staff of life, not only for man but for the beasts of the field, and the fowls of heaven, and all wild animals that run or creep on the earth; and these hath God made

for the use of man only in times of famine and excess of hunger. All grain is good for the food

of man; as also the fruit of the vine; that which

The Word of Wisdom yieldethground—nevertheless,fruit, whether inwheatthe groundfor man,or aboveand cornthe

of years ago hundred Wisdom the Word the to published announced and ONEwas for the ox, and oats for the horse, and rye for world field,the fowlsand andbarleyfor forswine,all usefuland foranimals,all beastsandof thefor by Joseph Smith, then 28 years of age. During mild drinks, as also other grain.

of Wishas passed the century which the Word all saints who and Rewards Promises—And every in practically preached has been dom walking to keep and do these sayings, land remember

under the sun. The remarkable pronouncement in obedience to the commandments, shall receive

follows: health in their navel and marrow to their bones;

Revelation to Joseph Smith the Prophet given and shall find wisdom and great treasures of

February 27, 1833. A Word of Wisdom, knowledge, even hidden treasures; and shall run

for the benefit of the council of high priests, and not be weary, and shall walk and not faint.

assembled in Kirtland, and the church, and also And I, the Lord, give unto them a promise, that the saints in Zion. To be sent greeting: not by the destroying angel shall pass by them, as the

commandment or constraint, but by revelation children of Israel, and not slay them. Amen.

and the word of wisdom, showing forth the order Doctrine and Covenants.

and will of God in the temporal salvation of all saints in the last days. Given for a principle with

promise, adapted to the capacity of the weak and Let's Send More Valentines the weakest of all saints who are or can be called saints. TjISTORIES of famous men seldom, if ever,

include the biography of Valentine, bettei Reason for Revelation—Behold, verily thus xi

saith the Lord unto you: In consequence of evils known as Saint Valentine. Encyclopedias recall

and designs which do and will exist in the hearts him vaguely, seeming to consider him more or of conspiring men in the last days, I have warned less unimportant, though most of them give him you, and forewarn you, by giving unto you this a little space. One mentions him as a monk; one

word of wisdom by revelation. suggests that he is probably identical with a

as any Roman priest who Was martyred on February 14, Alcoholic Drinks—That in as much

man drinketh wine or strong drink among you, 271; another says that many old saints were

behold it is not good, neither meet in the sight of named Valentine; and one that a very religious

your Father, only in assembling yourselves toman named Valentine who lived many centuries gether to offer up your sacraments before him. ago was so good to the people that they called

And, behold, this should be wine, yea, pure wine him a saint, and so the name has come down.

of the grape of the vine, of your own make. And, The latter explanation of the man and his claim

a

&&*uxl 225 to fame is one which is perhaps as authentic as we will have developed the habit of sending them the rest, and far more interesting, for it makes on other days. The Scout's daily good turn is a

clear the reason for a Valentine Day such as we sort of Valentine. Taking a bowl of broth or

have. a loaf of homemade bread to a neighbor is anValentine's day is a peculiarly lovely celebraother. One woman, well beloved and lovingly

tion. On Christmas and birthdays we exchange spoken of by all who know her, keeps close at

material gifts; receiving them and knowing the hand a box of cards, that she might write and

donors we thank them in our most polite style. send pleasant messages to people when the impulse

The charm of the Valentine is its anonymous stirs her to action. She might well call it her

enchantment, together with the fact that the Valentine box, whether she mails them in Februoffering itself is of far less value than the sentiary or November. Another woman keeps a list

it, if there is one—is various days, her voice or note is first to wish themmenttine—theit carries.objectThebearingsentiment itself is the Valenof birthdays of all her acquaintances, and on the

merely a vehicle. A delightful thing it would be if many happy returns. Hers is a Valentine habit.

everyone would send Valentine thoughts to everyBeginning in February, and extending through one else one knew and loved, for with such every month of the year, let's send more Valenthoughts would go the best impulses of the soul tines.—E. T. B.

and sincere wishes for the happiness of others. An

intangible gift is an immeasurable gift, for it canvalue, into be translated termsnot of money or Results of Character gifts. intrinsically It cannot other withcompared

influences susceptibletarnish, to the for it is not or Writing Contest wither It cannot wear it away.which might

decay, for it is kept fresh in memory.; A FTER a careful exBecause this is a year when people are in need /-* amination of the

of food and clothes and fuel, it follows of necesspecimens of penmanship sity that it is a year when they are more than ever sent in by the women of

exSmith, handwriting live above these need to help they theminlove—allneed of things of the spirit. Cheer, courage, the Church, Mr. Lisle pert of Salt Lake City, logical is the needs. Valentine'stheir other Day

time to proffer such gifts. To all about us, let us awarded the prizes as folsend more Valentines. lows:

First Prize, six Oregon is the multi- a with weary mother who To to Dollars, Trail Half hers, of are send dutiesplicity a word of which Valentine Mrs. Grace the"cheer, darning to help with a promise and City, Mrs. Grace V. Price Brigham Price,

during the months between now and another Utah;

Valentine's Day. To the sister whose clothes Second Prize, four Oregon Trail Half Dollars,

we might have borrowed, give a heartshaped card Laura Starkey Butts, Evanston, Wyoming;

and a heartfelt resolution to leave her things Third Prize, two Oregon Trail Half Dollars, alone. To the friend whose devotion and comWanda Stowell, Pocatello, Idaho.

panionship we have taken for granted, send a As a result of this contest, The Improvementflower or card, and a word of thanks—for thanks Era declares Mrs. Price to be the champion charwe should give to those who endure our shortacter writing expert of the Church. She says in a

comings and love us because of them, as well as in letter to the editors: "I had lots of practice as clerk

spite of them. To a fortunate girl who is more in the office of the Central States Mission, but that

popular than we, send a note expressing happiness was ten years ago."

in her happiness. To a successful man, a word There were forty entrants from various sections

of congratulation; to an unpopular girl, a warm of the Church. We thank all who participated

wish for the coming true of all her wishes; to an for their support of the contest, and we say to

unsuccessful man, a card commending something each one that in the eyes of some people, your be has said or been or done. If w*e want our writing might have been the best, for, after all,

Valentine to be more definite in its nature—the personal element enters largely in judging a

plant, a flower, a box of candy or a jar of honey, contest of this sort. Following is Mrs. Price's

let it be sent in connection with the other, the specimen:

intangible Valentine. Long after t?he plant or

flower has withered, the candy turned into calories and the honey into energy, the recollection of the warmth which attended the Valentine moment j&ttuAJL'will survive, and grow as time goes on.

The day of February 14 is generally accepted as

Valentine's Day. If we learn to send messages of Watch for the Photographic Contest announcehappiness on that day, it will not be long until ment.

T

Keepsakes Unfolding Gifts By Estelle Webb Thomas By Carlton Cutmsee By Watene Makaia

TN a little lacquered box, A SMALL white flower, swiftly open- A H, would that I could gather jewel* Quaint and very old, 1 ing. "** flowers,

With a dragon on the lid. Caught your eye in the dusk last night, The pearls of mist, the opals of the dew,

Ebony and gold And while you stood there bending over it, And hold with sapphire glow of noonday

Murmuring in your awed delight, hours

Grandma has an ancient watch Dawn's ruby hues:

Set with jewels rare, I scarcely could believe that once

And a heavy signet ring You seemed so brisk, efficient, cool, Ah, would that I could grasp the diamond

And a lock of hair. I called you only a cold machine stars,

And called myself a headlong fool And seize the silver moonbeams from

There are letters, ribbontied, the moon,

Writing faint and fine; For loving you. But ever since And wrest the gold from out the sunset

And 'neath powdered roseleaves, one You too unfolded in my eyes, bars

Lacy valentine. Revealing hidden fragrant warmth, To give to you. I know that I was blindly wise. ******

Celestial gifts, gifts fit for gods these be,

But such I'd never ask, beloved, of you

Words Since You Went Away A greatergrantboonme give me than gods could love so true! By Miranda Walton By Elsie C. Carroll—Your

arms things, are JMPTY such wonderful JJ/ORDS *-* reach That ecstasy's carry us far on * They in vain Singing Hearts little a For body, wings;

They flash on our souls like a crystalline Soft and warm. By Bess Foster Smith

shower, Lighting us pictures of beauty and power, Aching heart Ti/TUSIC that lifts from the heart that

As These, That waits in longing *"* is glad

For the nestle Tunes its rhythm to dancing feet,

Still sapphire seas beneath a silver sun, Of a shining little head. But music that comes from the heart that is

The lazy light revealing a golden galleon sad

Loving lips Sings a melody strangely sweet

A limpid lake of emerald jeweled in a ring That hunger every hour of pine, For kisses For glad song is music of butterflies

The crystal gem revealing the blue of col-, From a dimpling face. Naturally bursting the worn out shell,

umbine; While sad song is music of Love as it tries

Listening ears To release a soul from its prison cell.

and purple blend to a ThatDusk, when mauve A prattlingstrain voiceto hear 4Vft8&3*- sable night;

The lotus flower unveils her face before And toddling step.

the moon's white light; After Awhile

Burning eyes Dark g*reen of fir against a sunless sky That see you ever By Lula Greene Richards are you circling ever the loons Though southward,Where,

One: While were with you here. T OVED Not fly gulls grey and jLy me day by day, are things. beautiful suchWords Ere left, bravely obedient you summoned years Saddened

> &6gg*a—That stretch Venturing upon a new, unknown, mysteriSo endlessly ahead ous way

Beyond your tiny grave. T had no dread of being thus bereft.

Friendly Magic Wisdom was yours to lead and safely guide.

1 walked and served and worshipped at

By Beulah Rose Stevens your side.

Loving, beloved, trusting and unafraid.

T'M thinking of something,'Learning high laws by which true lives * That won't weigh a mite. are made.

Its dainty rosecolor A contest entered like a stifling dream!

With flashes of white. Rigid and stern its heavy siege was laid

glimpse it a minute Death posed To as victor—Love still reigns

happiness glow; Makes supreme.

And often a good friend Realms of eternal light you now behold, 'Twill make of a foe. Intelligence not yet with me to share.

Celestial glories boundless works unfold

It costs not a penny Help me to wait and patiently prepare.

It stays not a minute. Angelic influence over me maintain

oh, cheer the good But Rouse me from sloth—let error not bein it! fellowship kind guile. And

It makes weary hearts Dearest: Our Pledge—the prize—let us

Beat warmly awhile together gain,

This gay, friendy Magic Sweet, pure, immortal! After a little

That we call A Smile. "The Sleeping Woman"while.

Reviews

"Humanity's Greatest Need"greatthey haveworldbecomesystemstherepresentinginspirationhighof ofstorythethatFortis Hallstrangerregionthanhasfictionwovenanda

By HUGH McCURDY WOODmoral philosophies and deeply spiritmuch more interesting.

WARD, Ph. D. ual religions."Those who read "A Romance of Old

(G. P. Putnam's Sons, New York and of Dr.these Woowardmen pointdeclaresthe waythatto theall Forttragic Hall"figure willof longSam rememberO'Geem, thehis London)

"good life,"and that the way, with brokenhearted young wife, and Sally all is similar. of them, very mainHe Captain Jim. and Ann M. WOODWARD,y\R HUGH it is tains there that natural that only State Penito the Idaho Shunted*-'of Philosophy of professor Edusix to should not be or ways more a did tentiary for crime he not comUniversity, atcation Brigham Young since happiness, only way, but one mit, a of son white a O'Geem, Sam thehas enamored been of long much the are as universe the laws of moral father of met mother both and whom great setreligions world's the forth by the exact as laws. physical conHis tragic deaths, reared Captain Jim by leaders. thereligious taught Having is teachers clusion that of our when stalks Indians, Sally both Ann, and institution for in hisology many home it is their to that understand day come like story heroic the through some the University atyears philosophy and their to into build and duty work fiction. tragic figure of Seattle, at andof Washington, on every live the a individual to power Teichert, resident the a of "botMrs. Afloat, hethe University with which life, rich, beautiful that will education has a of cowboysoldier, toms", wife opportunityencircled the globe taking chief the business of become mankind. experiences those her mingled with ownto teachings various world's the study is its in stimulating volume The until friends of her pioneer Indian and firstat countries in the where hand effect reader. It the received upon has histhe cold than story becomes more flourish, the he philosophies various enthusiastic readers the welcome from fiction tory, unbelievable than more crystallize his to thinkingdecided by of the magazine in "World Unity"

it life, tragic a of is becomes panorama result a book.writing "HuThe it parts which of appeared, have and

life. the President of Metroof The Greatest a Need,"manity's volume in reviewers the from of book many correctly he Press politan spoke in when pages, published form book321 parts the country. of

it. It like said "I serially in the the in book: part of may andby Putnam Dr. training preWoodward's has

is all rules there the live called but to Unity."notmagazine up "World pared for the writing a him of such

it it bein that the passage makes dedicatory book, about something The volume. evidently has approached He

in read question, a after have the a answers you of part way, "What you come his in spirit task the great the of masis it, reads: greatest It experience."need?"like personal humanity's a spirit tolerance reverof and ters—a ilIncrease the Teichert of Tolerto "Dedicated pictures Mrs. by Four ence a for desire to and good expound

to Better aance BeUnderstanding the lustrate volume. the life,"and that promote "good and

the to Races Peopletween and and "Life of abundant"Jesus so which

Rising Unity."Tide of World frequently spoke. Why I Believe in the Gospel in the Early book, in the second

chapter, in fact, the author introduces of Jesus Christ the masters of religious philosophy "A Romance of Old Fort

By GATES SUSA YOUNG sets discuss, to expects he andwhom Hall"all idea that a theforth have common did interest those to who new f\F By MINERVA KOHLHEPP differbelievesmessage. the that He its series in the newsread not TEICHERT ences arisen have which men among inpublication, of renewed and Press, Portland, Oregon, paper are fact the to that followers due of (Metropolitan the did, second terest those to who

the the forget often masters teaching 1932) the edition of abovenamed pamphlet instead. the begin worshipingand man a is distribution. for ready From the direction under of Cap- a arise result jealousies bring whichAs Gates Susa viewpoint, Young woman's tain Nathaniel Wyeth, Fort Old jDUILT strife. dissension diabout and This in believing for reasons her explains Hall, the shores the of on winding all in the vision easy was made more religion the for which principles the of River, a Snake stopping place was ancient of times account lack of on father, President Brighamrevered a her the historical along Trail, Oregon free distribution printed of the word. life. his Following devoted Young, for rendezvous Indians trappers and the teachings strange the of viewedMen her explains introduction which an alike. its into was Romance mixedleader the hearsay. mist of through find to successful attempts early and stirred walls adobe the dust and from up in volintroduced the masters she questions, The religious her to answers

it. the plains of surrounding are: Jesus of Buddha, Guatama differingume Deity, ideas discusses of and

Fort since has passed long Old The KrishConfucius,Nazareth, LaoTze, in satisfaction she found the the "Morits away. exact location Even might these na, single Zoroaster. out fundamental conception. "To The mon"

been forgotten have the had not is six that easily to suggest renot even principles Gospel—faith, of the men

they represent the only great teachers,"site been recently marked while yet old pentance, baptism and confirmation all

Dr. Woodward continues. "There timers could tell where the old walls are clearly discussed; as are tithing.

are many other master minds among ran. Sabbath and the sacrament, temples, the

the Chinese, the Hindus, the Jewish Out of the fabric made up of the Word of Wisdom and other phases of prophets, the Grecian school, as well Old Fort, the Bannock Indians, the imLatter-day Saint belief. Her concludas modern philosophers whose teachmigrants, and the desperadoes which ing code of living, called "My Rules

ings carry the same great message. once added color to the famous "botof Life,"are concise, and to observe

These men have been chosen because toms", Mrs. Teichert, a pioneer artist such a code would, without doubt, be

228 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

get the lives until ing the working to of and value we inestimableto add Thunder Cave us desire. things makesall Doubt pamphlet we conform. The who is By JEREMIAH It us discouraged. makes Co., and STOKES gloomy Deseretobtainable Book from the

or from the author herself at 47 E. So. And JACK SEARS give up and quit."Another says

Temple, Salt Lake City. INTERESTING in many ways is the "... as long as you live you will al-

-* book "Thunder Cave,"and in it is ways get a great measure of joy in refine the did. thing you Now LIFE OF RULES of membering for people something to be found MY

still felt that the happiness you and you story, a children's Ostensibly ages. for all of living code A suggestive feel very a a wonderful, most was it is a philosophical reality in work, L. Members D. S. is It gift. a came that reward choice relationships the values of with human

1. Pay an Honest Tithing. plainly set forth in a warm, clear light. to you for doing the right thing. The

old. this will of deed never joy grow Fast Of- 2. Donations, little colZebbie, Pay Ward Jasper two and

lost, It It be break. cannot cannot etc.ferings, for in vain waited having boys, ored

you. ever take can it from and one no Holy. the 3. Sabbath a their Keep Day parents from return of the

... as gift cannot such a buy Money Meeting. 4. Sacrament to Attend leave blackberryexcursion, home

is this."voiced philosophy by The 5. the of Wisdom. dwellKeep Word abode. place of a find The new

it figures that cannot intriguing such Prayers. 6. Attend Family the friendly Giant place of Wigwah ing

read fact children pall; the that and 7. Prayers. Secret to Attend here destination, their and to be proves

is listen breathlessly of an or something Criti- 8. in Destructive Indulge no and a of enlightening have they number

still a is that the indication worldcism. their capture adventures, by enlivening

9. Observe Strict Chastity. the Redmen, their discovery of the sepromising place in which to live.

counsel. 10. obey and Seek for

records 11. the Search out of my cretdelightfullydoor intointimateThunderglimpseCave,intoandthea presentsThe onlyitselfdisturbingis the advisabilityquestion whichof exauthor's intention the to elimancestors. inplaining Thrilling Claus. Santa of domain

inate all things with not in harmony 12. Enter the sacred Temple courts experiences the two, and of the deed are

constructive clean entertainment and the to baptism attend and sealing foland the children be thrilled must who his as preface in and does thought, he dead. for kindredordinances their my Zebbie way. Jasper and on low

in childreader, seeing dedication. A instory, is not however, more The

to the print that author "endeavored pictures are the Jack triguing than by principle drive Echoes some example by home the of colorful binding the Sears and ideal correct of conduct, or duty all, to interesting of most And JOHNSON book. By ANNA might preachment"thought without

is thread moral of the obvious an adult,

A /[ANY people have little notebooks emphasis running throughout, ever possibly resent the avowed purpose, *"in which they have written their present, yet never monotonous. The and feel that the story was given as the

adof to 'the coating medicine peocertain moments, ofimpressions exsugar the read book and boys girls who it is highly probmonition. However, call experiences.ple, Some scenes, and it all ecstatically accept over and claim

them Diaries; some Journals; some just the admonitions and suggestions toable that children will not read prelack- face publisher's note, and and so, few, comparatively, VeryNotebooks. the story. along with ward goodness

therein, contained ing the information of print,see the light generosity, will kindpower, but one such Courage, collection, in verse, is newly off the ness and kindred virtues are set forth will read the story with unbiased and press. Under the title "Echoes,"Miss undisguised, and the fact that youthopen hearts and minds.

Anna Johnson has gathered some two ful readers take it and like it is heartIt would be difficult to find a more hundred of her impressions, and to read ening. One paragraph tells us that impressive array of favorable comments

them is to know the young woman "hope is the sunshine of our hearts, and criticisms than can be found in this book, with "Thunder love them. Philosophy, is It within us connectionwho wrote the power know. of you

it will that is to Cave."It be hoped and of the sea,nature, enjoyment feeling a gives us of cheerfulness that

the editions, that and go into many in rhyme she putfancies which for and encouragement, and keeps us strivin its pages storied presented teachings loved, combinechildren and she knew to express the author in a delightful f,..,-;.,'>',:}- >;: ><; will sink into the receptive hearts of

way. At times she reaches heights of many little readers and their elders,

expression which carry the reader with with benefit and strength.

her. "Beauty's Mystery"is an example. Buying Happiness

By EDGAR J. GOODSPEED"In the silence of the forest,

In the peace of starlit night, TT is with singular pleasure that the

In the quiet woodland waters, * Improvement Era comments upon a

In the dreamy clouds of white, book of essays recently come to hand

In the trembling of the shadow, "Buying Happiness,"by Dr. Edgar J. In the sparkling of the dawn mm Goodspeed, for three of the essays are

There's a mystic sense of beauty reprinted from our own magazine.

That awakes and leads me on. There are fourteen in all, each one a

delight which can be repeated, for subIn the tumble of the ripple, sequent readings but heighten the enIn the quiet flower dells, joyment of the first. A publisher's

In the pools where hanging forests note on the volume and author is eloThrow their shades and cast their quent. "When Dr. Goodspeed turns

spells, his contemplative eye upon the comIn the high and rugged mountains, monplace scene of daily life, it ceases

In the sea and desert sand to be commonplace. He sees all sorts

There's a mystic tide of beauty of amusing things—humanity's frailIt is dethis his own.... That I yearn to understand. ties—and

life that in the light whimsical makes

Miss Johnson for 10 years has worth living and worth reading about;

served as mailorder clerk for the Giant Wigwah and other Thunder that precious ability to see an adventure

Y. L. M. I. A. Cave People (Continued on page 247)

retail stores in parties, shaken. of general confidence was on a look and tookWhy We Women Won't Buy business to afford to dilapidation. help an automobile I could not Buying

By CATHERINE HACKETT might give one man work for sixty come back when business was not (Forum for December, 1932) days, but it was much more satisfying being fair with me.

to give the money to the local chairOne of the outstanding characterlet distribute of relief and rapid is the depression him the istics of do who 85% manHOUSEWIVES, charity. it for I sat as But wearthe styles in country, the down to change of women's of the buying of

have suddenly become signifirevise the family budget, I was aware ing apparel. It used to be that styles

cant, due to the fact that on that on every side were cries for me ran along about the same lines forevery side the responsibility for ecoto buy—to bring about the upswing several years, but now I am forced

nomic recovery is placed upon buyof business. If the family income to imagine that every few months the

ers who can make it possible to put ten had come down, so had prices—40% style arbiters go into a huddle to conmillion unemployed back to work. Ads since 1929. coct some new way of making me

everywhere urge all to buy—stop hoardCertain things had to be considered buy a new dress by making my old

ing—take advantage of the lowest prices before I could decide what we could one go out of fashion. Remember

in ten years—and directors of budgets spend to restore prosperity. There the Eugenie hats, which after a few

are exhorted to take advantage of cheap must be a little put away for a rainy months were absolutely out! In the

labor and have the house repapered, day; there must be more for taxes, past three years I have worn my hats

the floors done over, dresses and hats since the government has seen fit to every way imaginable, to be in style.

revamped, and new stocks of dresses demand more of our money at the And the dress situation is the same.

and linen laid in. It seems that insame time they are urging us to spend New waist lines, new sleeve and shoulcreased consumption is up to average more; there must be certain amounts der effects and other details are adclothing, food, neceshousehold I shall that the resulthousewife—and I am the average for vertised—with'

sities those After and repairs. were until the stylistshousewife. wear my old clothes

We all know that we have less to settled, I started in to do my bit in decide where my waist line is and spend than in the good old days when lifting the nation out of the depression. whether or not I am to have hips.

we went into installment buying and It was fun, at first. I bought all The manufacturers are defeating their

acquired undreamed of luxuries; but the stockings I needed; I replaced my own purpose in their methods, for it

because I don't spend all I have, the madeover dresses with new ones, with puts a premium on delayed buying government, the producers and the rethe pleasant consciousness that I was for those of us who cannot discard tailers all look at me reproachfully springing to the assistance of Mr. our entire wardrobe every little while.

and accuse me of hoarding. And they Hoover in his battle to restore business There is a parallel situation in the

do not even ask for my side of the prosperity. Bargains lured me. Two household appliances we see everymatter. dollar stockings were onetwenty. where. There are so many new imninety-cents at another. I could aleverything that I expect there will becry—and"What allailsthattheseails women?"these womentheyis Sheets were a dollar at one store and provements in this year's models of

that they are convinced that they were most hear idle textile looms getting still more next year, and I shall wait as action I purchased. the tonot getting greatest the year even until then of into amount buy—or

after But is weeksfamily of enthusiastic and after. for the family of good out income, argument This not an

and so have set up salesresistance. thrifty buying, I discovered that somemanufacturers to stop inventing ways

thing is patriotic to simply duty of making was buy more my work My easy—it to wear fall, last in toborne the I wait explanation buy. an upon me when of why wasout—notwrong. Mygraduallybargainsandbegande-

"temporary economic recession"of cently, but completely and suddenly. As to the help I am offering to

1930 had turned into the greatest deMy bargain dresses had no hems to the unemployed by calling upon a pression of history. No longer was let down, my bargain shoes assumed local, somewhat untrained man to

it simply something to read about in strange shapes. My sheets were several paint. He is to be paid by the hour.

the papers—-it was something to read sizes under specifications. I was hearHe has had little work in eight months.

in the faces of hungry men who had ing how low commodity prices were After three days and nine meals, heonce been prosperous and now were—and was finding out that the comhas finished one room-—badly. The

at the door asking for a chance to do modities were not of the same quality man who does my livingroom floor something to earn a little money. as those of higher prices of yore. My leaves it streaked. His real specialty

In the frenzied ads of the newsisi gardening. A scientificallyman-

papers, the bargainprices caught our aged local employment bureau, in eye, and we were lured by the smartAnswer which men are assigned to the work thrifty;ness of being and thrifty we

became. Instead of finding great joy By Grace Watson methey andknowothershowmoreto do,anxiouswouldto makehave

in an extra pair of houseslippers, we T OVE never wholly turns to dust. work done.

kisses the sell *—* After in dark lanes it in at tofound without There is a man my door frugality—doing been a century forgotten, pair. decideeven one them, shoe laces. consider Have and I buy me We began to

people better citizens if they appeared The bitterness remains. not to go to that bargain sale down

in old clothes, refrained from giving town after all.

230 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

ideas, professors, for but students for his times paying gave the Cheap Bread and Costly endowments as to enjoined nearly often free as posmore them making tuition go home

Brains sible, and for putting the cost of living and think further upon what they within the reach of students whose had heard.

By WILLIAM B. MUNRO means are most slender.""I believe, His was the ability to keep an argu-

{Atlantic Monthly for Dec, 1932) then,"he said, "that the two great ment going—and this type of teaching

'I SHE old definition of college as supportsand costlyof brains."the collegeAareclarioncheap sentibread certainlyone student,is notwhetherdone bestat thewithendonlyof

"Mark Hopkins at one end of a ment this, and just as timely today a log or anywhere else. And the

log and a student at the other"has as when it was written, sixty years calibre of the instructor is the most been used innumerable times as a proago. What better objective could any important element in education. Thetest against mass education—and board of trustees set up today as the ideal of "cheap bread and costly

wrongly used. The log definition was unified goal of their ideals and purbrains"is one which colleges should

never meant to point the moral which poses? Too often an excessive proporhold before them if they have a genuinvariably is drawn for us nowadays. tion of college finances is spent on ine desire to emulate Mark Hopkins

It was at one time, thirty years ago, expensive structures and their mainand his log.

my privilege to serve as instructor of tenance, so that when any drop comes history College, at Williams and it affairs, to in financial is the instruction Relief: the Great Problem theoccupy had Hopkins house Mark research bear the to and have which

occupied during part of his time as brunt of retrenchment. By MRS. AUGUST BELMONT

college.President of the winter One to return and Hopkins Mark To World's of Reviews (Review and itevening occurred to wonder to me his as a teacher. position unusual So for December, 1932) Work the logwhere which had was become as far to discover, able been I have

so his success. adroit explain his methods dismal "unemployment"word HPHE

lectured formally, so his and He rarely in America—andprominent in whathistoricalthe trutheducationwas so heavily weighs A which upon our

theconcerning statement so often lecture for ever thoughts new, the were us consciousness today, upon

I setquoted. finding out, about and offers serious to temptation method as did the and much war—suddenly,came it difficult. It was not appeared soon retain year notes to use year from and first after abroad. hearing about it from

that James A. Garfield, twentieth presthem many times. The Hopkins'In this third winter of devastation,

ident of the United States, was author method was to give out a short lesson the destitution and misery attendant of the definition, but famous he had in advance, the then meet and the constitutes class upon unemployment it launchednot ambiguous in any such a frank, for informal thorough and greatest! tjhe nation. problem facing

traditional.form This become as had discussion. Most of these had and often to do Outof-a-job hungry means

Garfield said in regard is what had with questions fundamental on which candlelit cold children, of the gloom to the value of a true teacher: "Give there was room for a divergence of homes, and often desperately ill men

me a log hut, with only a simple opinion: "Is it ever justifiable to tell and women.

bench, end at one Hopkins Mark of a faith saved be anyone lie?""Can by alone the City York From New

the table I at the other, and you and "Is the the love alone?"highest law of figures in are appalling. the matter

the buildings, have allmay apparatus law?"three million usually have Of the who

and libraries without him."are He had a ready tolerance for opinjobs, onethird unemployed, and

Not a log, but a log hut; not a ions which differed from his own, and this is but typical of conditions elseplea for the individualizing of instruche welcomed the free expression of where. Big cities and small have been

a recognition for of the tion, but them. Three fourths of every the hour hit could scourge. with same We

as teacher core the of the academic were to questions, devoted answers the the not facts of bear to face community. Garfield's idea was that and discussion. To procure a clash unless we had faith in the abilitysceneof

good buildings were worth having, of minds was his principal objective, the nation to meet the crisis and, in but that capable professors were far and he usually aroused it. After this, the end, save itself.

more important to the effectiveness of he gave the summing up, which someBrought down to the individual, a college. Men, not bricks and morthe present emergency demandje the

tar, made a seat of learning. He said following from each citizen:

that array of buildings no have would sharing generous and First—Prompt given intellectual the stimulus him itself, of or capital salary, income

which he had received from the faculty, be distributed through established welto particularly the president. Virtually fare agencies.

recogaddress for the whole a plea was generous and studious Second—A nition faculty, of the the campus, not consideration of the problems which

as the supremely important thing in must be solved if the present emerany collegiate community. It was a gency, and possibly future ones, are

timely admonition, because the entire to be met. I believe that these include

country in 1871 was in the throes of a conclusive balancing of our national competition to see which American budget and a settlement of the intercollege could excel in a material way. allied war debts. To this end let us

Buildings were going up, but teacher's join with the leaders of our governsalaries were not. Some felt that Wilment in increasing patriotism. Let

liams college was lagging behind in us declare a moratorium on criticism.

ment-—Generalthe race for betterGarfieldmechanicalgave hisequipad- Letsins usof acknowledgethe human racethataretheselfishness,besetting

dress because he was anxious that his greed, hypocrisy, and that the fi]rst

Alma Mater should not join the others two are largely responsible for our in philandering after a false goddess. troubles.

This was not the only time Pres. Our progress, in the end, will prove

Garfield expressed such views. He worth the suffering it has cost. The

pointed out again and again that efUnited States is still a country of magforts should be directed "not so much nificent resources, and I have faith in to halls and buildings as to increased "In Old Arizona"its people.

Previews They Call It Sin Entertaining for the average audiAir Mail ence. Well directed, though not par-

A thrilling spectacle, but weak plot, ticularly worthwhile. Adults and older

showing that the mail must go on, Juniors.

or does not. matter what else doesno to Too Busy Work

exciting foe photographed.Well Too old Will Rogers and his huGood

children. mor make a human, lovable picture.

Baroud Well acted and directed. Adults and Family.

set in Morocco. Beautiful romance Training Killer the Folks. Young delightful. Family.Interesting and picture, dramatic Animal with some of America Men PointBoiling value. spectacular. novel Mostly and with and melodramatic, Western for those Western Fast moving who Family. younger shooting. plenty of The Enjoyable.like Adults Gibson. Hoot Penguin Pool Murder at to generation be proves as good People.and Young light Clever mystery, and amusing as fighting the older gangsters one was

Cynara at Indians. Family. in treatment. Set in the Penguin Pool

of stage Artistic adaptation of is difthe development a museum; of Manchu play. Mask Fu play itself. disagree with maySome ferent Adults and unexpected. and story horror of the Fu Manchu TheAdults. Juniors. cast. the acting a fine overbalances of

Cowboy Counselor Adults only, if they like gruesome Kid from Spain

Hoot Gibson in good farcecomedy, pictures. Slapstick comedy of the Eddie Canhe plays a wisecracking bookin which tor variety. Adults and Juniors who Prosperity

seller. Family. Cantor. Marie Dressier and: Polly Moran like

ConquerorsThe Said a Mouthful to You are and diverting enough human financial situations as reAmerica's Joe. E. is absurd but inBrown story. a mediocre Family. counteract

several in of the depressionsvealed teresting. Family. Rackety Rax thegenerations. story Standof The Rock-a-bye offsatire football with on done A their ish attitude family, and when in mediocrity. Constance Bennett cleverness. color for vulgar and Not

is interesting. strikes, highlypoverty particularly objectionable, Nothing audiences. discriminating

effects symbolicBeautifully done, with especially and nothing commendable. S. States the U. A. Seeing by will Family. be remembered.which fans. adult Bennett For series the will history show This

Devil's Playground Central Park State. of each industry Watch and well trip fishing near Panama A nearly so as advertized. Not good it. for Family.

in scenery, photorecorded. Lovely idea Hotel"of one setThe "Grand Sherlock Holmes in diaactiongraphy, and and good its ting, artistry. without version of Doyle's Modern Conanlogue. Family.

Virtue excellently. story, detective Adults done

Sale forEvenings It some, have but it is difficult may Juniors. and

titled. poorly comedy, Romantic to find. Ordinary. Sports Parade like interest, adds touchMusical if you

Tell We'll Now One to used plot give an excuse Thin it. People. Adults and Young Mediocre. athletics. to of Title all kinds show

Learned AboutHe Women Saturday Hot "Free, to be changed White and may of simple Sparkling comedy boy story, fairly acted. well only Thin for particular reaTwenty-One,"no

fortune. inherits a and Amusingwho Life Begins Juniors. son. Adults and

colorful. Family. set in hospital. Story maternity Trail Sundown

I MillionIf Had A delicately, the various phases Handled Western. Welldeveloped with

it is a series of because Unusual, necessity of are of cattle thrilling motherhood scenes new of cowboys, and different people, episodes, concerning tragic, cases, in general the vistas. and some beautiful Family.

trying to show what would happen 20,000 Years in Sing Sing effect somber. Aline McMahon does

to each group who inherited a million Strong picturization of Lawes'the best bit in the production. For

dollars. Adults and Young People. book. Direct, dramatic and strong. adults who like solemnity.

Little Orphan Annie Adults. Faithless

The little waif of the comic strip Tess of the Storm Country Ordinary.

comes to life on the screen. Gay and The clean romance which Janet Scarlet Dawn

pathetic, clever and well done. Family. Gaynor and Charles Ferrell always Poor.

Magic Nights provide. Not too convincing, but deStrange Justice

Another musical comedy of Vienna. lightful, nevertheless. Family. Mediocre.

USIC

Music in the Home By EDWARD P. KIMBALL

HPHE home musiclife is suffering all the more necessary that parents effect is much worse. Requiring but

along with other institutions of should meet the situation with underlittle skill to learn to play, they are the home since the coming of golf, standing and reason. The real Americapable of very little art in what they

automobiles, moving pictures, and can home is characterized by certain render, and they tend to vitiate amother things that are taking us out of ideals which surround and emanate bition and achievement. Their worth

homes practically every evening. In from it in the conduct of its members. can be understood when it is borne

the days before these home "excaMost home makers are very solicitous in mind that they satisfy only the vators,"as one writer has called them, about the reputation of the morals of uninformed and uneducated, except as if we wanted an evening of pleasure society and they realize that the home a pastime, and parents must choose, we had to make it ourselves. Those is the foundation of conduct in this in their employment! in the home,

were the days of the family circle, direction. They are particular about between that which is a pastime and

when everybody tried his hand at furgood usage and conduct, behavior and that which is educational.

nishing his part of the amusement, acetiquette. They understand that chilNo one should forget that music is

cording to the branch he had been dren become what they see and hear. in the world to give pleasure, but like

studying. Many men and women of Of those things which will bring everything else that is capable of affordtoday can trace much of their present about the highest standards in haring pleasure, it has a much higher and

success to that kind of home life when mony with this principle the ideal nobler purpose. It is developer and

each vied with the other to do a part home is filled. It is now the rule to food for mind and soul; it is "love

on the program just a little better see beautiful furniture, real art in picsearching for a word."While it is

than someone else. tures and decorations, as well as plenty perfectly right that people should get

Perhaps in no one thing was there of good books. If there is one thing all the enjoyment possible out of music,

found such universal pleasure as in that escapes censorship in the modern the wise person will endeavor to learn music, for "music was a household home, and about which little thought to feel the exalted pleasure which only and family social function, drawing is given, it is in the things of music. good music can give, and compared to

people together in larger or smaller That home will produce uplift in which, common, "pastime"music is groups. Everybody took part in the education and culture where only the like the pleasure of the gourmand at

music in those days in one way or best music is made and listened to as table, satisfying only the baser appeanother. It was a true time of folk culture, and where the recreational mutite, compared to the ecstasy of the

music in the making of a people finding sic is of the standard that is required seer on Patmos; one is purely physical,

a natural musical selfexpression. The of books and literature. It will make the other is mental and spiritual. Withmusic was crude, uncouth and wanting a real contribution to the uplift of out being irreverent it might be said

in finesse; but so were our sturdy ansociety when it insists on the same that the goddess of music does not

cestors in other respects."And yet standards in music study as in other reveal herself to those who have not

when one compares the popular song branches, both in methods and materipassed through Gethsemane.

of that day with that of this, one is al. The instruments found in the There is one more instance wherein

led to marvel at the low standard of home have a cultural effect, just as all care must be exercised if the thing is our presentday songs. things of beauty have. Instruments to render its maximum service. That

Under such conditions of amuseof good quality should be put in the is the musiclibrary of the home, conment in the home it was a much simpler home, and then they should be treated sisting of instrumental and vocal music, task to supervise what young people with respect. and talking machine and playerpiano

became familiar with in the way of A child that is permitted to misuse records. The market is flooded with

music, as most of what they learned and abuse a good musical instrument the latter, and manufacturers make it was put before them in the home and will not grow in respect for anything. easier to purchase than to discriminate,

they were not in the habit of hopping When instruments are selected they but there is one sure rule by which to in the car to take a jaunt out to some should be kept as nearly as possible in go, and the observance of it will assure place where they might hear and learn the condition that they were intended a music library that will leave nothing that which would not have been alby their makers to be capable of perto be desired. The same care and

lowed in the wholesome atmosphere fect service. Something will be awry principles should be observed in the

of the home. And again, our mein the makeup of that person who choice of a music library as in the sechanical reproducing instruments make uses or listens to an instrument that lection of books and pictures. Persons

it so easy now for the boys and girls is not kept in tune and condition. whose training does not enable them

to get so much so easily that there is There is a real danger in shoddy, outto be the arbiters in the matter of removed in large part from us that oftune instruments that will come to books and pictures, seek advice from healthy appetite that comes from hard the surface in many ways in after years. those who know. Should there be

effort and study. We consume more Also, the socalled "popular"instruanything humiliating in manifesting

musical merchandise, but we make less ments should come in for a moment's the same sense in things pertaining music. consideration. There sweep across the to music?

It is here the case, as everywhere land fads in musical instruments, just There is no excellence without laelse, that what is easy to get is easy as fads in dress, or anything else, and bor, be it physical, mental, or spiritual, to get away from, and only those they are just as wildly taken up and and real excellence in music emanating things are appreciated that cost an followed. They usually last also just from the home must be purposefully

effort to acquire. This fact makes it about as lon but their permanent desired, and striven for.

zJKlekhizedek 'Priesthood Prove Me Now By ALBERT W. BELL

Printed at the suggestion of the editor, Ah, that was a know You're a failure without me, you've morning—youfeel, nothing to lose; Pres. Heber J. Grant how you

Dark pictures came flashing from a The chance lies before you, I leave choose."to foot thousand you at pillow one morning on T my LAY

It about too seemed most

: much,—Ireel. dawn, serithat of a Oh, morning was most the quit job

I think to the of dreaded day comthought; ous filled a that thought When my soul ing on; foolish discov- I'd been and How heart throb: made my its stared times woes and me Hard it ered not,

in the face, square I'd the been limping in dismay pay tithing,"was whisFor alone "My son, day brought Each me nearer finanalarm to pered and me, cial disgrace. "And prove me herewith, and now When the Lord stood right there; I

you'll see, could lean on His arm.

There were bills at the house and bills For I swear unto you if you'll give at the store. me your hand, Yes, the Bible was ancient, the ProphMy cash was all gone and 'twas That you shall be prospered and ets were dead.

hard to get more. have joy in the land. But they spoke straight to me and

Oh, how could I manage to plow they meant what they said through that day "I ask for a chance while success is in I'll pay up that tithing each month

With only one dollar where ten doubt; every cent;

wouldn't pay? Yes, prove me right now when The Lord made that promise and

you're all down and out. He knew of my rent.

less opportunity when one bin was empty, the boys There's The coal succeeds, wins and We never have missed it, our roll is no shoes, needed

Say nothing of interest and taxes You can help a man only in times smaller, and dues; when he needs. While other men grumble,—they

And to climax my sorry financial pohaven't a dollar; sition, "My counsel was there in the day you They've stumbled and fallen,—men

I had tithing to pay and a son on a had plenty, bigger than I, mission. But test it right now when your But we've kept the commandments

pockets are empty. and somehow got by.

Show me the man that has ever goneWhen I thought of that tithing, oh, No, we've never been rich, but we've broke, it did burn poor, been how never in trusted God and the words Who it out go and nothing repeace To see had We've in our home and that spoke. He

turn. our harvest was sure.

The other done commandments, bills loomed like a terrible "Keep my 'twill not Who has it?—I ask you,—Ah,

spectre; to I crave vain, be in know;

Why pay this one first with not even I'll pour out a blessing you cannot Find the answer, my brother, find a collector? contain. it out as you go.

*> *lilGJjjSl <*

is success Excellent as a reported PriesthoodMonthly Doesn't Puff Inhales, But Group result this of of method making record

Little Voices Plea for a NonSmoker activities Report Planned of the by Bear of each member. Fresh Air

Lake Stake pO the New York Herald Trib- /pHE Presidency of the Bear Lake une:

Stake has inaugurated a system of Snow put"Doby someyou seductivelyinhale?"isillustratedthe questioncigreports Priestmonthly of Melchizedek

hood groups throughout that stake. By Gladys Hendrickson arette advertising. Perhaps there is not

The report is contained in a letterexpected as direct and categorical an affirmative, as nor emphatic unand thesize sheet snow a list providing for the of A LREADY qualified be. as shall yes a mine ** in a Lies thick, white blanket on all ofnames with members a monthly

I the cloudlike inhale Yes, exhalahills; the activities. allrecord of to be items The

its soft, tions Already the anxious business folds made by smooth reported include attendance at on Quothe Muffle dark heads pines. of swaying in close the the confinement of man

meetings, at present times Actirum is stream low, The train. the ramp from morning up

I.vity meeting, meeting, in Sacrament fingers, clouded Smothered icetipped, M. I inhale Yes, the the fumes from

cruel. meeting,A. School QuarSunday and flapper in "nicoteens"her at lunchFingers clutch that water's the singingterly conference, teaching, MisWard in restaurants. puffings time our Her heartsionary other work, work, obChurch are only punctuated nervous tapby it Leaving silver in silent cold death.

servance of Tithand Wisdom of Word forefinger release to her with the the at Changing golden laughter the shore pings ing. These reports are prepared on a To carven drops of tinkling, crystal ice. fastforming ash.

Ward basis and submitted to the Stake Yes, I inhale in the evening in the authorities. station while more or less patiently

234 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

standing in the heated and stifling atwere called into the work besides the aries were divided up in pairs and a mosphere before the train gates. And President making a corps of eighteen definite system of work agreed upon.

again, while the smudge from the workers in the Ward. The missionFirst a list was obtained from the

smoking car ahead is wafted back uppresident of the ward teachers of the on me in the car behind. nonmembers residing in the ward.

Yes, I inhale the incense from dubiThe Skyscraper Then a regular system of ward meetings areach morning was Sunday salesasous doubtful tobacco and some By ALICE EGBERT WOOD this ranged. a meeting each week At busithe other or holds torch ofman glare the surging heat and A MID is to card pair missioneach handed of nostrils nearness while expoundto my ** day, the press, the clamor Of and list aries a that they the of with namesing alltoo-lengthy an "proposition."the grim, the only grey, saw They visit are the to during week, coming olso through on numerous And homeliness. Unmeasured a the report previous of and made offensesfactory caused burning by

much that passes for tobacco. No, as week's work. Problems and questions

discussed are to the pertaining work guess, a smokeryou may I am not this at instructions general given and farnot as is conown my are in meeting. Presidency conThe I inhale! as yet—Yes,smokingcerned—and stant the president the touch of with

Yours for fresh air, ward teachers and as new prospects

Phewmor. move into the ward they are visited.

New York, July 12th, 1932. The work has brought joy and satis-

(From the New York HeraldTribune) faction to the missionaries, and since

October, 1931, there have been 54 baptisms of nonmembers as a result

Fiftyfour Baptisms in Miller of this work in the Miller Ward.

Ward Respectfully submitted, HpHE name Special Missionaries is the GrantCommittee.Stake Special Missionary

title to given that loyal and enerBy Elias L. Day, Chairman.

getic of workers busily group who are engaged in preaching the Gospel to nonmembers of the Church who reside in Grant Stake. There are fourRexburg Ward Gathers

teen the Stake, each wards in and Ward Woodis properly organized President a with or Chairman and two counselors with TOURING the late summer, seven- a secretary. The work is supervised teen of the members of the

by a committee of five in the High Priesthood, and four members of the

Council, and once each month a LeadRelief Society, went to Island Park, ership meeting is held at which proband in four days'time we cut and lems incident to the work are taken loaded two large box cars with fire courseup and a regular and discussed hauled wood. cut and the wood We

instructionof missionary given. The *-* the railroad miles to four l?UT'Unfetteredwhen themindglimmerof passersby,of the night about on

is rethe missionaries done gazed,work by They upward and there beheld cars trucks. what and two two The

the to secretaryported in ward the sky. jewel in who A the trucks brought made on we home

this a report,turn compiles and ward fire fifty in the cords best of wood is enSecretary, to the reported Stake this state. the the part of of Some

a the report to ofabling complete him trees large into lengths nine cut we distribuactivities Stake. the of The

eight feet long.

is the literaturetion from of made

Stake High Council Committee to the We shall use it for heating our

Wards as their needs require. Sevenchurch building this winter and will

ties are used as much as possible for not have to buy any coal. We shall

missionary timber, although Elders and also be able to keep the widows and

High Priests and in one or two of the some families in kindling. The Relief

wards lady missionaries, have been Society sisters cooked for us and we called into the work. Missionaries are did not lose any time and were sucselected upon the recommendation of cessful in our work.

the Bishops and are called to the work, set apart and given a certificate of their The one thing which we were most appointment, and are expected to dethankful for was that no one was invote at least two nights to the work, jured and we had no car trouble. The

and to be relieved as much as possible brethren all donated their time, and from other Church activities until their the Relief Society furnished the food term is completed and they are released. and cooked it for us. We had a very

Marked success has characterized the enjoyable and profitable time.

the Stake,work throughout but parWe held a cottage meeting withticularly been successful has the work during the past year in Miller Ward, some families living in the pines and presided over by Bishop Edward J. we blessed three little babies. We

Solomon. In October, 1931 the work observed the word of wisdom and alwas reorganized with Emil Reimann, ways had prayers each day. We were

President; S. A. Erickson, first counwonderfully blessed of the Lord, for

selor and Arthur Ence, second counwhich we were thankful.

selor; Chas. Wilcox being the secre- A ISew York Skyscraper by Day andtary. Fifteen members of the Higher by Night.—Bishop Hugh A. Wright

Priesthood and two lady missionaries and Counselors.

<*jiaronic rriesthood

Peak explored European conJuly 26, 1847—Ensign 7—First

baptized. named.A Brief Church Chronology Aug. verts30, 183were and

in July 27, 1847—Jordan River wasFor Members of the Aaronic Dec. 25, 1837—First conference

Priesthood Europeland. was held at Preston, EngJuly named.28, 1847—Site of Salt Lake

one of Hyde, Temple 24, with Sept. in connection Foe use 1841—Orson

dedicated Apostles, the Aug. Twelve program 1933 2, 1847—Surveylocated. of Salt Lake

the land of Palestine for the gathCity was commenced. was SmithDec. 23, bethe 1805—Joseph ering Jews. of 5, Dec. Young 1847—Brigham born. the for the Church. of President 21, came 1841—Baptisms viNov. first Smith'sSpring, 1820—-Joseph in the dead commenced were the of 6, April sion. 1853—Cornerstones Temple. Nauvoo laid. were Salt Temple Lake first Moroni'sSept. 21, 1823—Angel 6, prophSmith Aug. 1842—Joseph became Taylor 10, Oct. 1880—John visit. Saints esied that the be would the Church. President of firstSept. Smith 22, 1823—Joseph the to Mountains. driven Rocky

visited Hill and Woodruff April Cumorah 7, 1889—Wilford saw the Sept. wrote Smith 6, 1842—Joseph the Church. President of the plates of Mormon. became Book of to address relating important bapofSept. Mormon 6, tism for the dead and necessity for April 22, 1827—Book 1893—Salt Lake Temple to plates were delivered dedicated. was records. Joseph keeping

13, Snow beagain Sept. Smith 1898—Lorenzo 2, 1843—JosephJuly, President of the Church. came regarding Smith1828—Josephby the AngelSmithMoroni.received April prophesied Civil War;

the first revelation published in that it would be caused by slavOct. 17, 1901—Joseph F. Smith beCovenants. the and Doctrine at ery Carolina. begin South and the of Church. came Priesthood 15,May 1829—Aaronic and 27, Smith June J. Grant be23, his Nov. 1 844—Joseph restored. 1918—HeberPresident of the Patriarch brother Hyrum, the of President Church. came witnesses wereJune, in CarthChurch, were martyred 1829—Three

shown plates of Book of Mormon age jail.

by in Aaronic and Genealogy Aug. Young 8, 1844—Brigham witnesses wereJune, to lead were appointed 1829—Eightan angel. Twelve Priesthood Quorums plates of Book of Morshown the Church.

Pioneers April 14, 1847—"Mormon"Suggestions to SupervisorsMar., left for the Winter Quarters mon1830—Bookby Joseph ofSmith.Mormon published. Mountains. Rocky is genealogy imof an study 'PHE organized 6, wasApril July of 23, company 1830—Church class the feature of work portant 1847—Advance first ordained. Elders were and Salt reached Pioneers ValLake Priesthood. the of Aaronic Book The 11,April Cowdery 1830—Oliver first for irrigation ley the used and pardeveloped was of Remembrance first public the sermon preached this continent time on Angloby quorPriesthood Lesser for ticularly restored gospel. the on Saxons. is the It to a of be part intended ums. of miracle modernJune, July 24, of company 1830—First in to given training members quorum 1847—Main Jodevils out by Salt reached Pioneers ValLake times—casting the service in future for preparation seph Smith. ley, Church.

1, orPartridgeFeb. July S. L. relig25, D. 1831—Edward 1847—First classes orgenealogical Junior were first Bishop. dained service ious in Salt held ValLake people for primarily ganized young 9, systemFeb. was ley. 1831—Missionary of Aaronic are members not who to (Doc. revealed Joseph Smith

and Cov., Sec. 42). Priesthood quorums. The teaching of

Mar. 8, 1831—John Whitmer made Roads genealogyPriesthood toshouldmembersbe doneof thein Lessertheir first Church historian.

be should not They own quorums.June

genealogical groups to join other 6, 1831—First High Priests orBy L. E. FLACK urged dained.

unless they so desire.Aug. 3, 1831—Temple Lot at IndeID OADS that lead to everywhere,

lesson lesson provides dedicated. one book pendence This light; White, sheets winding of

is It in genealogy. urged 3, wasNov. month 1831—Revelation twist that curve given Roads and and lessons turn eachthat order. in regular Priesthood, given be Aaronic showing on

threads white. of shining In

is of study the anone's authority. nature Genealogy and

Dec. 25, 1832—Joseph Smith gave Disappearing roads that lead cestors and his lineage from them. The

prophecy foretelling Civil War. Beyond our wildest dreams; Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Feb. 27, 1833—Word of Wisdom was Lovely roads that dip and turn Saints has always been deeply interrevealed. Where golden sunlight gleams. ested in genealogy. The Prophet JoMar. 18, 1833—First Presidency of seph Smith, and his successors in the

Church was organized. Roads with eucalyptus trees Presidency of the Church, made it very

Feb. 17, 1834—First High Council Along their shaded way: clear that we without our dead cannot

was organized. Silv'ry white with pealing bark, be made perfect. According to their

June, 183 7—First foreign missionSlender leaves that sway. instructions each individual among us

aries were called. They went to is responsible for seeking out the recEngland. Roads that lead to everywhere, ords of his ancestors and having adfar. travel Oh, I would in ministered their behalf all the necesJuly, gospel was sermon 1837—First that Great white paths ordinances. beckon me sary temple preached S. mission- D. by L.

aries in Europe, at Preston, EngLike a shining star. Recently the general authorities of

land. the Church decided that boys of the

236 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

Lesser Priesthood should be given trainis glad to provide guidance in research. of the Aaronic Priesthood Correlation

ing in the fundamentals of genealogiInformation as to procedure will be plan since it was announced in April, cal and temple work, since it is prifurnished on request. 1931. at the Aaronic Priesthood conmarily the work of the Priesthood. The Sunday nearest May 15th the vention held in connection with the

In order that the boys may get anniversary of the restoration of the April Conference. The plan provides

actual experience in the many highly Aaronic Priesthood will be celebrated that a member of the stake presidency interesting activities of the work, each as "Aaronic Priesthood Day"throughis to be chairman and the stake clerk member of the Lesser Priesthood is out the Church. A special program the secretary of the stake committee.

asked to compile a sacred record of his will be provided by the Presiding The stake committee includes all memown life and that of his parentage and Bishopric. On that date it is suggested bers of the High Council assigned to

ancestry which is known as his "Book that as a part of the program each ward the supervision of young men from of Remembrance."conduct a Book of Remembrance extwelve to twenty. This includes High

These books can be obtained from hibit in which all members of the Council committees assigned to Aaronthe Genealogical Society of Utah, 47 quorums of the ward will be invited to ic Priesthood, Sunday School, M. I.

Street, Salt their Lake display books. South TempleEast To insure the A. these are added and Seminary. To

shouldCity, success of preparation Utah. such The supervisor an exhibit, a representative superintendency of the

them. in securing the initiative take the should begin immediately. of of Sunday School and members

35c price for the deacon's book isThe the the supervising board A, B, and teachers and the for those each, while also classes; representative the a of C in PriestLeaders Aaronic for each. are awardspriests The 55c stake superintendency of Y. M. M.

asare activities which variousthe I. stake A., Attendance superhood board members

the in as outlinedsigned each month vising Scouts. Men, Vanguards, and Mand for in the books arelessons, contained in stakes Aaronic leading /PHE representatives Stake Seminary compriests. completeachers and Upon for attendance DecemPriesthood plete the stake the of membership will they for deacons thetion of work; Alberta ber and were Priesthood Aaronic Correlation % ComJuarez—40 special a award. entitled tobe Banand Maricopa mittee. Granite—3 %; in introducing and dem-;Oneida Experience and nock Hollywood—3 %9 the committee, headed ward The by of 6 the SanRemembranceonstrating South North and Book Davis—3 % 8 representathe includes Bishopric, same effective to the Pocatello Cottonthat most way and;shows pete—34%; tives as stake. the outlined for above

; class supervisor it is Liberty, the Elder andintroduce Box by % wood—32 meetings should committee Monthly 'his the group beforedisplaying own 31%. stake be held both comand ward by has rehe which of Remembrance attendance than wasBook More 50% mittees. should committee ward The superIf detail. the in leading out wards. portedworked 57 by The

visor has not done this some other perwards were Moccasin, Kanab Stake, report on blanks provided by the Presiding to Bishopric stake the chairman; prepared been Stake, has Creek,son book whose Carbon Gordon 100%

the following immediately meeting of it. demonstrate to Francisco Francisco, asked becould San San 100%;

the correlation committee. ward The to the is impressive Stake, boys It Parleys, if Stake, Granite most 96%;

stake to chairman the should report officially a pubin given are Clara, St. Stake, the George Santa awards 92

folPresiding Bishopric immediately %;; Supervisor lic the Class Merrill, Stake, gathering 75 Portneuf 78 by % %; the correlation stake lowing committee the of importance Stake, Granite Bishop. 71 the Hawthorne,or The %.

is this meeting. being plan Where the in is greatly enhanced thusaward

minds of the boys. followed, splendid! results are being

secured, and large numbers of the Local ward or branch genealogical Correlation Reports Urged are being the of young Church men all at willing are glad and committees to seems misunderstanding activity. into COME brought ofassist the to invitation times upon exist reports in connection with to ficers quorums, Priesthood of the CorrelaPriesthood of the Aaronic

a these projects. Shouldbegin quorum

It activities. of tion been Centennial has Committee Wisdom Word prepared feet inadequately supervisor

details the called in for operation of the of portion program to present any 27, February 1933, A/fONDAY, he should feel free to call genealogical dLV* marks the one hundredth anniverworkers to his assistance.:::..::'. sary of the revelation known as the A word of caution has come from I I. Vj 'Word of Wisdom, which was given

the general authorities that boys should to the Prophet Joseph Smith. This

not go as classes or in groups to Patrioccasion should be given special attenarchs for blessings. Since each blesstion by all leaders of Aaronic Priestreceives is to the person sacred ing who in the hood. given warning The

each should go accompanied by conditions of regarding Wisdom his Word the alone. Before boys parents or it,own exist last in the days which would

are encouraged to ask for blessings they predicted the precise conditions conthe purpose impressed be with should the today. fronting us of Members

fee blessings. such of value and No are assailed Priesthood being Aaronic

it is a is blessing, a for required but foretold in the temptations by Word freewill a to contributioncustom make leadPriesthood of Aaronic Wisdom.

Patriarch. the to

in ers diligent should) extremely be for excursions baptismal planning In efforts their the to help young men consult supervisor his should the group clear the themselves keep of Church representative, genealogical the ward the of the of temptations and hour all with since arrangements he makes the temple for baptism dates and apin harmony with the spirit of the pointments. Gospel and the leaders of the Church.

The Salt Lake Temple has printed Announcements regarding special the observance of of Wisdom Word without charge and distributes a cirits!!!!

will out in be sent Day cular iliP: Centennial of Temple on "The Preparation

Sheets."This gives full details on ample time to provide for proper commaking out baptism and sealing sheets. "Ready!"memoration of this important event

The Genealogical Society of Utah By Waunetta Peterson,Richmond,Utah in the history of the Church.

MUTUAL MESSAGES

Executive Department Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

SMITH, 47 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET ALBERT GEORGE FOX, RUTH MAY RICHARD R. LYMAN, CANNON, LUCY GRANT

MELVIN'J. BALLARD, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

Executive Secretary 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING General Secretary

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ELSIE HOGAN

The New Social Center A/TOST M. I. A. officers have been inour officers and members living outside

the First the action of of formed in placingPresidency the of the An Appeal To "Drys"oftakeSaltadvantageLake City.of itTheyso thatare wheneverurged to Church

at the city they the disposal they come toLion House may make the people welfare young of of of the HE their the Ladies'headquarters. Lion House Improvement MutualYoung vital the to the concern Church is of

Association, thus making it possible to M. I. A. A movement which threatens They will find it a pleasant place to

fulfill a hope long cherished by the the welfare of the young people everyrest between shopping trips or precedGeneral Board, viz., that of establishwhere is rapidly gaining momentum ing evening engagements.

ing a Social Center for our Latterday throughout the United States. This is

to the repeal the Eighteenth effort Privileges of Membership girlsSaint and women.

all laws associated and Amendment the summer During and autumn includes the followmembership A it. is with This being campaign

this the of renovating workmonths privileges: ing into state carried in every the Union.

historic building has been in progress, Where prohibition has been icritten Use of lunch room accommodawith the result that it has taken on the into state constitutions, this movetions where girls may bring their aspect of a delightfully homey place. rnent attempts to bring about repeal, lunches, and rest during the noon day

The same atmosphere which must have or repeal of enforcement laws, which period.

prevailed in the days of President Brigwould nullify the constitutional Use of rest room accommodations.

ham Young is manifest. Especially is amendments. Use of reading room.

General Y. Boards the The of M. felt this in the beautiful parlor, old machines. of sewing Use

I. L. Y. is this that A. and feel M. a cluster. Itwhere so memories many in Participation weekly events, such challenge to organization; our and here thatwas on 28, 1869, November as: call we stake now upon ward and the this Prophet organized of ReGod Reviews. Book officers into their everywhere use

trenchment Society, which a little later fluence in every legal and proper Community Singing.

grew into the Y. L. M. I. A. With manner to protect our young people Story Telling Hour

his counselor, George A. Smith, and from the return of the saloon, the Social Games.

Sisters Eliza R. Snow and Bathsheba liquor traffic, and attendant evils. Opportunity to receive instruction

Since this the in Smith, history gathered he together the use dawnW. of of in Needle Art Work.

liquor has been the one greatest several of effect his of daughters toroom to receive Opportunity instruction curses the still family, of and humanan in organization for retrenchment in First Aid. is. view In the what has told Lord of dress, in speech, social in practices, and is to open only its with us Cafeteria-—This to reference harmfulness, they those in which and should who the members paid fee have annual who as Latterday Saints to resist we oughtfollow for prepare might themselves of Especially $1.00. for it Church and possible in every availway makinggreater in usefulness the Church. ToWelfare as able beverage. Workers. practically a In all

day a large oil painting of Brigham states where Latterday Saints reside

Young hangs in the parlor and it in considerable numbers, prohibition Courses if as great the leader seemwould were amendments and laws enforcement It is also to planned for give courses pleasedwell results have the secured that with been of after years effort. of fees extra as: charged, which are such should everythingeventful now do within We meeting smiling and were beDressmaking. to our power the keep ground have wenignly the present proceedings. on Cooking. won. There must be backivard no Lion The thus House becomes an Conversational English. this step in great issue. moralideal officers place for girls our of and Arts Crafts. and I. that hope A. leaders M. everyWe

I.the L. gather. Y. to A. addiIn M. will rally where to this Magazine cause Writing. and do

tion to the parlor, there are a reading everything possible to have prohibiWood Fiber Flowers.

room, a large kitchen equipped for tion and enforcement laws in the Applied Arts.

various statescooking, as remain of class rooms, a number and they are. Woodcraft.

action If is proposed legislatures bya beautiful recreation Besides room.

in session now our leaders should Social Parties this, is first the floor entire used for in a send protesting petitions carryingcafeteria. holding yearly Those memberships as signatures as many can be secured.

rent the parlor may or recreation room Albert George Smith, Membership for dancing or social other parties. Richard R. Lyman,

this Social order to In carry on These rooms to accommodate from 40 Ballard, Melvin J.

it Center, has necessary to become form people. 80 Arrangements be may General Y. Superintendency M. /. A. M.

an organization for which there is a Ruth May Fox, made also for luncheons and dinners.

membership fee of $1.00 a year, or if Lucy Grant Cannon, Dates and prices may be obtained from

one wishes to pay month by month, Clarissa A. Beesley, the hostess.

10c a month. General Presidency Y. L. M. I. A. The Social Center is open daily from

This monthly plan will appeal to 12:00 noon to 2:00 P. M. and on

238 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

Wednesdays and Thursdays from 12:00 noon to 1: 00 P. M. Send all Contest Operetta Ready girlscludes andsix principalsa woman)(threeand men,a mixedtwo

inquiries applications to and the THERE'S WILL, chorus. A the yHERE Price: 50c per copy; $2.75

hostess, Mrs. Martha G. Smith, Lion v v operetta for contest in I. per the M. per doz. orders six; $5 Send to M.

House, 63 East on South Temple A. for the spring of 1933, is ready for I. A. Office, 3 3 Bishop's Building or

Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. distribution March 1st. The cast in47 E. So. Temple, Salt Lake City.

Sunday Evening Joint Session for March

General Theme: "The Law of the 6. Talk by Adult or a Class Mempoems. The poem, "Let Me Live in Earth."ber—"Love, the Law of the Earth."a House by the Side of the Road,"by 1. Singing—"Rock of Ages."(See Adult Manual, "A Rational Sam Walter Foss, found in "One Hundred and Theology,"Chapter One Best Poems."See also 36.) Adult 2. of the member Prayer—A St. John Class. References: Eighth Psalm, The

7. Singing—"Let15:1227. Love Abound,"3. Her Ten Corinthians, Singing—"Earth With Chap. the Epistles 13; of

Thousand Flowers."St. John; the story, "The Lost by 8.chorusBenediction.or choir or congregation.

4. the Slogan. Word,"Presentation or used Dyke, by Van frequently Note: If a retold story or dramatic

as a retold story. or vocal 5. The Instrumental poem number by Abou reading is introduced, it correlate have

the M. I. A. Chorus or Orchestra. Ben Adhem found in collections of with the remainder of the program.

Award for Best Dramatization

A RELIC of unusual interest has being torn down. As the shape hap-

'** been provided by the General pens to coincide with the shape of the

Board of Y. M. M. I. A. to be awarded State of Utah it was left in its original

to the organization producing the best form although it has been dressed and dramatization of a Pioneer incident varnished for preservation. On the face

used in connection with "A Night in is mounted a bronze reproduction of '47"presentation. Stake Superintendthe Buffalo Trail Marker, used by

ents have been provided with circulars Brigham Young and the Pioneers. This

giving all the details and suggesting a is the design being used in marking definite program for this event. It is the Mormon Pioneer Trails and other

planned that the feature is to be a historic trails and landmarks throughdramatization of a Pioneer episode or out Utah and the West. At the botincident in connection with either the tom a brass plate etching containing the

general Pioneer movement of the inscription will be mounted. This inChurch or a local incident. The only scription will indicate the event and the

requirement is that it be based upon a Ward winning the trophy as well as

Pioneer theme. the Stake.

The plaque pictured on this page is All dramatizations in competition made of wood from the historic Salt for the trophy must be postmarked not

Lake Theatre. The plaque, which is later than April 1 and sent to the Gentwo inches thick and approximately eral Board of Y. M. M. I. A. The

eighteen inches long is in the exact winning dramatization will be pubshape in which it was secured from the lished for use by other stakes who may

Salt Lake Theatre at the time it was m desire to use it. m

-}*"-Seniors

pie. food in unprepared came The the dinner prepared. soon was TheClass Banquet

the guests arrived and when they drew table for the was set about forty. In

HpHE Senior Class of the Sugar City for their "duties."On slips of paper center was the half of a large pumpkin

Ward of Fremont Stake has been were written such notices as: "If the filled with fruit and at each end were

a welcome addition to our mutual and mob you want to escape, go into the tall yellow candles in green candlehas been attended enthusiastically by a corner and celery scrape.""A date sticks. Some of the carrots had been

good majority of the people of that age you'll get if you just try, prove your confiscated by the favormakers and in this ward. merit and chicken fry.""Mob or not it carved to resemble small pumpkins and

One event that this class participated shall be seen, scrape the carrots good filled with salted peanuts. The placein and one that created a good deal of and clean.""Wash the dishes 'til cards were cut in the shapes of turkeys

interest and entertainment for memthey shine, and with us you may arid autumn leaves.bers and prospective members of the dine.""Dine with us—oh please do, During the dinner some clever toasts

class was a very informal Senior Banbut wash the dishes when you're and readings were given.

quet. through.""Our table colors shall be Though individuals had drawn the

gold and green, get together and plan distasteful task of washing the dishes ( The menu consisted of fried chicken, your scheme."the entire crowd joined in and ended

potatoes and gravy, diced carrots, salad, When all guests had found what a very successful party amid soap suds stuffed celery, hot rolls and pumpkin they were to do, they setto work and and dish towels.

The Improvement Era for February, 1933 239

elseCity, Lake at Ogden, and > Salt fine there are maintained where gymAdults great a variety of these as possible. At

nasiums and an increasing number of

Healthful Play life."wholesomeness and beauty of human gymnasiumsout the Church.are beingAdultsbuiltshouldthroughen-

TT need hardly be said that this does It is unquestionably true that there courage this movement and take advan- * not contemplate the life of that class is need for the development of the tage of the opportunity already affordof idle persons who crave an endless, normal play spirit in adults. Each ined for enjoyment and "health insurriotous whirl of dancing and eating and dividual ought to study his own needs. ance."

drinking and theaters and jewels and Someone has said that participation in At the Deseret Gymnasium it is a limousines, in the belief they are on recreation is dependent upon skills and common thing for women over forty the road to happiness. The real aristopeople must be trained to play before to learn to swim. Grayhaired men

crat of today does not belong to this they will play. We can only carry may often be seen actively intent upon

class whose number is rapidly diminishover into adult life the interests that games. Authorities seem to agree that

ing. we have developed in youth. Men and those exercises are most beneficial in

inplay did develop not is who women present. the play element which A are presidents rulers and "Today strive terests therefore in must youth the abstains merely from man who in can they keep to find outtrying how deficiency. to the the harder supply specifically the abuses of body menthe fittest accomplish conditionthe and activconsiderable play of number is in surethe tioned of allA Wisdom Word of possible greatest work."amount

ities developed been have recomand ly oblireligious his discharging not life is receiving adults of playThe a is adults. for Following mended respect his to gation body. with own in the emphasis modmore more and

list of twenty: Gardening, swimming, is It that to Latterday be hoped vitally a as imhealth ern movement golf, in tennis (for those health good Saints will in the fore be front found prein factor promoting andportant

, to years) pitchor horseshoe 45 50 up the of looking world movement new that said It has health. been serving

ing, hiking, trips), (nature walking life, in the preservation adult toward is have cannot thing only the health we ball, (for ball volley indoor men), recreation play, of proper through and is it to of. measured too Yet much ball (for base archery, croquet, men), physical vigor. mental (See and than has one more no every man; relay short games, camping, home articles B. Dr. Jay L. E. and Nash by is life of; is stuff It the made enough. parties, dances, parties, folks old ward this Roberts, Era.) life. loses health, squandershe who socials, ball. excursions, base indoor

text, last year's our "How ToFrom adult concern should group Each following: theLive,"quote we itself facilities for Suggested suitable providing with Program

keen sense be a "There should of within their own community for as Evening on Healthful activities. As of all life's enjoyment

William James once said, simply to Play live, breathe, and move should be a delight. The thoroughly healthy perToo Late TTALUE of Recreation in the Life of

son is full of optimism; he rejoiceth By Florence Hartman Townsend the Adults."(Lecture). (See Era,

as a strong man to run a race. In a March, 1932, under "Community Aclittle songs, charthe because of children's book, recent I loved made one ONCE articles tivity,"this in other same and J * you, is felt 'dancey.'acters said she That issue. min. 20

little as as bright songs Gay summer after feel should the a grownup way class class leader of Appointment by noons. see rest; seldom a night's but good we (if this activity committee, committee I ears but should yours hear no vowed me a- vitality except overflowing such to already has not appointed) been singing,

is life middle children. When mong recreafor plan I out draw a summer share should heart but vowed yours no

reached, or before, our vital surplus the tunes. tional program. This plan to be prehas usually been squandered. Yet it is sented the first Tuesday in April.

in this vital surplus that the secret of One bit of song was like a shining pebble, Singing: An exercise song such as

like lies. a Another surplus rainbowfeathered Vital bird; personal magnetism (See Fingers, Thumbs.""Two Two

like tune the was it One wind among safeguarded; be only should not class leader.) the "Bee Hive"Goose "The

lilies, balIt is the accumulated. should be round.) 5 Song."min. (A like a lover's sweetest Another word. life."of savings the ance in bank Inverted Quartet:""The A quartet

Our health ideals should not aim mereBut O, you went away and would not where only their heads show above a ly at the avoidance of invalidism, but listen. sheet, sing. At the end, they apparentalso at vitally exuberant and exultant And so the little songs were locked away, ly stand on their heads and repeat

health; should savor not only of soliciBecause you said, "They'll keep till I rechorus. This is done by having them

tude for health, but as well of athletic turn, dear."put socks and shoes on their hands,

development and physical enjoyment. Because you said, "I'm coming back raising them above sheet while heads

"Our aim should be to see not how some day."are ducked. Just before the end, one

strength strain can stand, our much great can make we but how that At first grieving,my heart was leaden with its ofaccidentallythe personsdropswhohis end.holds 5themin.sheet,

strength. With such an aim we shall But grief is transient in the heart of Games: "The Weary Traveler."An

incidentally and naturally find ouryouth. excellent way to get people out of their

selves accomplishing more work than There came a day when I would fain be chairs, is to imitate what the Weary if we aimed directly at the work itself. singing, Traveler did, as follows: The "Weary

Moreover, when such ideals are atBut still I kept my vows, I did, in truth. Traveler"stands up, and looks to the

tained, work instead of turning into North, South, East and West, Finally you've a-weary now grown of your the the he play, of looks shoulder to over into perand And tends turn drudgery travels, see son life dull in front he of him, to but turn can the from of seems hue to you've returned And me because you interest, his so of nothing he picks up tints of bright wellremem- to the gray must;

bered childhood. In short, our health You've come to hear the songs that love chair and carries it to the wall. He

ideals should rise from the mere wish had prompted is now ready to play a game. (See

to keep out of a sickbed to an eagerTo find the little songs are turned to "Community Activity Manual,"chapness to become a wellspring of energy. dust. ter 13, under "Parties."30 to 40 min.

Only then can we realize the intrinsic Light refreshments if desired.

240 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

The present world crisis has been -}*"brought about because nations and as have inMen-Gleaners governments have indulged,M dividuals, in small offenses which have

Our Social Obligation in Someone has written these fine lines: nowthey aregrownshakinginto suchthe economicproportionsand thatpoRaising the Standards o "A pebble in the streamlet scant litical foundations of the world. The

Has turned the course of many a present attitude of the European naIntegrity and Honesty river; tions relative to the obligations which

the plant baby States on dewdrop of the AmerUnited they A owe for MenGleaners programTHE M forever."giant the deploroak is warped the sufficient evidence Has ica, of A will be for the of March month nations great these that condition able the in Raising Social Obligation"Our pointo, economically fallen and lithave is It cheating, the innocent the Integrity Honesty."ofStandards and

is their no litically. word only lie, Not offenses tle that similar white and Gleaner (See Manual, 56; p. M-Men excontracts, solemn life. good, but longer offenses in serious to the lead They discussion This 64.) p.Manual, reseals the of great the under life, ecuted affect one's in but course only not interest great and ofshould be one

disare being countries, spective affect now actually personality one's theybenefit to the and young women men as effect described in regarded, and character. and inand honestyof Church. our The paper. of scraps mere

is their forefathers theirtegrity of his in Orison "Power Swet Marden in great truths taught Savior Theheritage. a early the In days man's refers to large a Personality"emof to gave the Rule which Golden He signed note, as as his says of good ployer wasword and women, men who he nations which and by and men a notary. is Rarely his choiceand acknowledged of largely in by guided he be lives fortunes that and our urged

fail his to keepdid positions word one the exapplicants for man by has individual honesty, an guided. In intelligent another. eyes.with the Through pression of he "There,"happiness, a of fortune, a possible minddiscussion the of today youth indishonesty, "I says, read may honesty or betto elevate a and make power and inlearn value the joy of honesty dullness, telligence and or or courage cowcreate himwithin himself, to ter and action. littlethought, I speech ardice. place in confidence and a will irresistible that self magnet an

individual, shiftyeyed though even is girl a Gleaner Talk Thine best by finer the the "To to and him draw his in favor. other point has every he Self topic should This True."Be life.Own in things

clear, direct eyes, glance, bright wins A for interesting materialfurnish much soul star; is the his and own "Man respect. Clear, compels honest and fivea six minutes. or of Polospeech can that

eyes, indicating a vigorous sound and Laertes,nius'to taken from Advice perfect man, a and honest an Render are inestimable of body, and mind Shakespeare) (William "ThisHamlet, all influence, all all light, Commands individual."to value an all: self true, thine to beabove own fate.

And it must follow, as the night the Nothing to him falls early, or too day, Thou canst not then be false to late.

any man,"is worthy of consideration. Our acts our angels are, or good or ill,

are integrityTruthfulness, honesty and ideals SaintLatterday should and be Ebb Tide Our fatalstill."shadows that walk by us

practiced in everytaught and home. Fletcher. By Coral J. Black—John as be should an "honest knownWe

people."The individual must be the The demonstration for March, an

unit from which the group will derTHE tide is out; come sally forth, Honor Party, should be a happy gathrive its strength. In being true to him- ** To search for treasures on the strand, ering. While it will create enjoyment,

self, he not only builds selfrespect but For in its wake, the ebbing tide, it will carry its message as well.

helps the home, the Church, the comHas cast them forth with lavish hand;

munity. Speeches

List ways in which we may be true The truest love that hearts may know According to the joint program, twoto ourselves, to our fellowmen, our A priceless opportunity—speeches five or six minutes in length

ideals. interesting for Search comrestless Search, the while tide is out, given each are to be M MenGleaner edicharacters leading andments by to thee! Fates sent the have For gifts speeches measuring these evening. Are

torials in newspapers for incidents up to "A"standard methods in which may strengthen the theme of Useless to seek while madcap waves speech? (See "A"standards in speech

honesty and integrity. Athwart Life's golden sands are flung, as given in Community Activity Man-

"The Present World Crisis: The We idly wait the turning tide ual, p. 72, and speech courses, p. 294;

Result of a Lack of Political and EcoOur hopes still leashed our songs unsung. also Supplement to the Handbook, p.

nomic Integrity,"is the subject as39.) Is the rendition good, gramsigned for the talk to be delivered by The flood recedes, with eager pace mar correct, organization intelligent?

leaders should Gleaner and Men joint inthe prothe March M Man the search giftstrewn beach All M along We parthe to in help order speech study says: man's honestgram. Pope "An lo, treasures the of a king, And constructively able to ticipants be andthe of Honesty noblest God."work

close at within Lie hand, our reach! class in speeches given to analyze by is the determined individualin an by

Leaders people. should make young peracts thethings he thinks he and the cherished deep, the hoard from Up that quality speech of such their own life. his daily duringforms It may

else lain undiscovered had That learn example. good the group by may to student for dangerous anot appear

cheat a little in school. It may not But waits the eager, knowing hand It is time that all became "speech"

appear dishonest when we give to To garner up its wealth again. conscious as it is fundamental in all

someone else a street car transfer which life's activities.

was given to us under the agreement Arise ye sad and lone and poor, that we alone would use it. These Unloose the shackles of despair Demonstration for April

acts in and of themselves may not be Before thee lies Life's treasuretrove A playlet for the April program will serious. The danger lies in the habit And all things are, for those who dare! be provided by the General Board upthat is formed by the commission of on receipt of a stamped selfaddressed

these small offenses. envelope.

The Improvement Era for February, 1933 241

self wondering if we were not helped even in this pageant by those who tookGleaner Girls such an active part in restoring this dispensation. It seemed that my greatgrandfather, Kimball, Heber C. who

so earnestly andGleaner Course of Study duct.ple groundsI shallaliveever withrememberpeopletheinTemcos- worked so humbly

talking one with discussions laughing tumes, for and the month to the service of the Lord in helping dressin the night another. The first X,\ /TANUALA of February in will be Chapter establish God's upon the Kingdom

Predictions Fulfilled in the Coming of ing room, when strangeness became earth, was near me. I felt his steadthe Savior and Chapter XI, America, friendliness and we helped each other fastness and his courage. It seemed

the Promised Land. (See Gleaner Manapply our makeup or rearrange a tie that out of the years he stepped and

ual, pp. 107114 inclusive.) For supor sash, I learned to love them all and gave to me a bit of his faith and fearplemental reference see "The Story of to look forward to each night when lessness, that will give me the courage

the Book of Mormon"and "Dictionwe would meet again. to "Carry On,"to plant into the

ary of the Book of Mormon,"by Elder Each night it seemed I found a new hearts of my posterity the seed of the

George Reynolds. friend, a new joy, that I could plant Gospel, that their lives will be filled

in my own life and make it more rich always with the springtime.

wholesome.Treasures of Truth and—Edythe Kimball.

thrill of the first performance! The

/PHE following "Gleaner Girl's I remember how we all waited to hear

Prayer"is worthy a place in the the strains of that enchanting Egyptian Poetry and Prose, and itheart of told Truth"and "Treasures us that book music was which time Sacred to Me

I appreof a Gleaner entrance. shall never would our to make girl. We

ciate having the name, ward and stake forget the feeling of joy as I gazed yOU will note at the bottom of p.

of the author. upon the mass of people who came to 52 of the Gleaner Manual, that

be inspired with the wonderful message there will be no class discussion for

Gleaner Girl's Prayer of the pageant and who returned to the divisions "Poetry and Prose"and pATHER, I thank Thee for fields in becometheir homesbetter withmen anda determinationwomen. to be"Sacredencouragedto Me."to Gleanerconstantlygirls shouldgather

which to glean; Night after night as I partook of and include choice bits of poetry and

For hunger that impels me to gather the wonderful spirit of love and harprose in this division of their books.

the golden grain; mony among the players I found my Class leaders may use these choice sefriends toFor and and work home true sigto soul the awakening lections class to enrich do own discussions. The

it. strength to do and I realnificance message. of the Gospel division to sacred. "Sacred is most Me"

servin strength spendHelp me to my than ized more to It it means ever what will contain valuable personal ice; be a Latterday Saint girl. I bowed "treasures,"gleanings from our life's

use in Thy cause.To my talents in reverence head story. than once more "treasures"These my be may I show by servingMay my gratitude possible to those for made it placed in envelopes me who sheets pasted on

Thee in word and deed. to know the gospel, and I found myof the book.

AMEN. -*0*gJ**5l*-

On February 28, the Project evening, the division of Reof "Days A Distressing, Disease of Speech (See taken up. will bemembrance"

Gleaner Manual, p. 51.) We give be- '"PHE most devitalizing habit speech sounds like that. The

low a "treasure"from this division of of public speech today is the standard is gone and the standard the book of Edythe Kimball, a Gleaner almost automatic use of the apolbearer feels embarrassed and out of

Girl: ogy. So many speakers whether place. Moreover it is doubly hard

My Red Letter Day youngcling toor thatold, feeblecapablemakeshift.or incapable, Theto beginproblemagainofaftercommencingan apology,has

TT was spring. Every blade of grass, No matter how good a speech to be begun all over again. The

every tree, every bird, every bee sang may be, if it is poorly begun, (and apology is a stone the speaker kicks

hearts! old Cheeiinpoet—"Wakehis own tongue the old song of the the apology is the worst beginning in his own path and even though up it possible) be called he never it can past may get he has weakened

all's in hisup! God's Heaven, right effective. taste the first himself always For the needless effort of bywith the world."

It was spring when youth opens the lingers, whether it be a first bitter kicking.

door of its heart to call in new dreams, bite at a banquet or an apology at The audience too feels the foolnew hopes and to give out freshest the beginning of a speech. It calls ishness of it all. "Why doesn't

flowers from youth's sweet garden. It direct attention to itself. It hails he get on?"they question. "Why

was spring and my own heart sang the hearers like a false distress sigdoesn't he say something?"The

with the joy of living and the desire nal and mars the following jouraudience is impatient and rightfulto give the old message of springtime, so, is ly ney into of thought, the land for its time being taken the that message God lives, is detrimental the than havoc nothing and rethat we More being given in the Gospel's through him knowmay wonderful plan. played by the apology upon the turn. When a speaker apologizes

This dispensation had been estabspeech itself is the harm it does to for the space of one minute to lished one hundred years, and to comthe speaker. It immediately desixty people he is stealing an hour

memorate its birthday came the gloricreases his efficiency by voicing his of precious time and the time he ous pageant "The Message of the feared weaknesses. It takes away takes can never be returned. HunAges."of the Gospel The message ideal his of he would like dreds what of hours can thus be wasted

all its its developmentand through able to do. to be in an astoundingly short time.dispensations.

Imagine the thrill I received when "Well,"he says to himself, In addition to time being lost,

I was asked to take part. My part, "they can't expect much of me the audience sits back in disapnow, so I'll just say whatever pointment, its interest gone, itsthough small, had its mission—to helpbuild the pageant into a finished procomes to my mind."Usually the (Continued on page 252)

242 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

be pulled all the way by the people

Junior Girls themselves.thirst and hunger.They sufferedAt onefromtimeheat,the

provisions ran so low that each person is this land called a promised was receiving only one ounce of flourPlains to Cross Why land? a day. One day during the long jour-

"CACH person has different obstacles How is it supposed to be a promney my great grandmother Alice Hook to overcome in crossing their great ised land for you and me? was accidentally shot in the arm. She

plains and climbing the heights that It would be interesting to assign each was healed by the power of faith by make up their daily lives. Junior girl one question and have her the laying on of hands. On reaching

In class an interesting proceeding prepare the references to prove her the valley they camped on the Eighth might be to have each girl write a list point. An exchange of these will help Ward square where the City and

of things that offer her the greatest all the girls in your class to prepare County Building now stands.

temptations. If the girls will express this chapter. They were called to several places

themselves more freely and honestly if to help build up the state. Some oftheir lists are unidentified you might The Land My Parents these are Sanpete, Circleville and

It Circleville in while Ephraim. was drop questionuse box. your Let them From Came experiences that they had numerous liststheir unsigned. in the box The Excerpt Story"(Sample from "My in Indians. the occasion one with Onlists the read and discussed be by may Girl) of a Junior Book were the Indians of 1864 the summerclass.

cattle. grandgathering ancestors from up the came of my A/TOST My a list said to enumerate Here is the "*'"seeing the gave alarm them, sitmother, is Brighton, England, which offered temptations our youngmodern

people, not necessarily the ones that uated near London. My great grandand they were driven away. Four permight be on the lists: tardiness, borfather on my mother's side, Henry sons were killed, one being a boy. My

rowing, petting, smoking, exaggeratHollist, was president of the branch of grandmother, after seeing him shot, ing, telling untruths, keeping late Brighton when my grandfather, Demas watched his father come and carry him hours, drinking, reading sex stories, Saunders, joined the Church. into the house.

wasting time day dreaming, overinAmong the company of emigrants In 1867, after leaving Ephraim, dulging in dancing, attending too leaving England in 1857 for America they moved to the east bench of Salt many movies, primping, being diswere Henry Hollist, his wife Elizabeth, Lake City, now Thirteenth East and contented because of lack of money and and daughters, Elizabeth and Deborah. Third South. As nails and lumber

Such discussion offers rich opportuThese were my greatgrandparents. were very expensive, a dugout, to

nities to discover the real feelings of When they reached America they went which an adobe house was later added, first their the Saunhome. was Today later years to Boston and two moved girlsthe a careful group. of and By

still live the ders same family on Elizabeth, grandto where Omaha myhonest discussion treatment the of ten grandparents ground. had My Stenger. mother, H. met John The real accomplished. be goodmuch may seventh. children, father the being my interis in quite they which met way lose these temptations of wouldMany father, Saunders Louis E. met My esting. in Stenger June, day John One iftheir if they charms, any, they have in Stenger, Pearl mother, Rhoda my watching a of group was Mormon people. understoodwere our young by in the Salt they married were and Lake the into just that emigrants had come our does Heavenly Father say Why Salt 21, September on Lake Temple street. Referring the going town, up

is greater conquers him-—"He who the residence 1899. took on up They girls he in group, the the to of one

self a city."than conquers he who I it that here family ground and was goes his to said companion, "There

against us the use did he warn Why September 21, was 1915, on born my girl, later this days wife."few my A tea, coffeeof spirituous drinks and and sixteenth anniversary, parents'wedding Hollist, in the Elizabeth employed was

last intobacco the days? of Because children. seventh the eight of her. hotel were he met where They

evil designs in the hearts of men. married the following October after In my grandparents'lives there were

John Stenger joined the Church. many incidents that were faith prothey outstanding moting. of in 1860 the most One

to that helping aMy Privileges Under the traveledUpon toreachingvariousUtahsections dream to me was my grandCovenant Patriarchal settle the country. After living in mother Elizabeth Stenger had two years

Toquerville four years they moved to before her death.

Blessing Ogden where my grandfather built the She dreamed that as she and grand- (Notice the suggestions at the close first brick bake oven. When the railfather were getting into their buggy

of Chapter 8, page 118.) road came through he and his family one day for a ride, President C. W.

moved north with it, keeping a boardPenrose, who knew them well, pointto each a different question for the went the ed seemed ing house they should men. They A SSIGN way go. They

-*- present have her girl and where her through Idaho to to Montana city; enter of beautiful a a stream my

answer to the whole class. Stimulate mother and her sisters and brothers water ran at each side. The houses

the girls to do their best. Many of the were the first white children to live in were white and beautiful and the trees

Journals written by the pioneers have the town of Lima. After leaving Monand flowers were finer and more beautibeen used continuously as historical tana they moved to Pocatello where ful than any she had ever seen on earth.

references. they resided. They had thirteen chilThey stopped at a building which

The girls should take pride and dren, my mother being the eleventh. President Penrose entered. He came

make their chapter exact and accurate My father's parents, Demas Saunout saying, "It is all right."A little

as if they were writing a lovely story ders and Hannah Barwell, after their farther on he repeated this action again for future reference. The girls'books marriage came to Utah accompanied saying, "It is all right."

reveal the girls'characters for all to by my grandfather's mother and half They drove through the city and know who see them. brothers and sisters. They crossed the approached a small cottage, surrounded

What is meant by covenant? Why plains in 1860 in the Handcart Comby grass and flowers and covered with

are we a covenanted people? pany. It took two and one half beautiful vines. This they entered and

Why were the Jews a covenanted months to make the journey which she said the carpets and furniture were people? was long and dreary for all. The handmore beautiful than anything she had

In what way do the promises given carts, which contained their provisions, ever seen before.

to Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and Jacob's clothing and supplies, and which made She sat down in an easy chair and sons belong to you and me? up all their earthly possessions had to (Continued on page 246)

..

The Improvement Era for February, 1933 243

3. Desire for social life, based on a, need

for it. 4. More Life Work Interest. Need forVanguards money (No. 3 above). Whole eco-

E>esire scheme. nomic for independperiod. ahead Just of the through gang

ence. Finals FebruaryVanball 25 is legal the of problem maturity and them

5. Smaller Tendency. groups The Chum adult world. one's in an making way

age. than semisecrecy. gang of Love in year the of event outstanding adults are forwardfacing. While They N A

6. Clannishness. difto Desire be Somepast, is first in their of terms they think of them the the program Vanguard ferent earlier stages. from Reaching their old in future. of think terms The competitions.of the The Churchwide status. adult toward less restraints naturally harin are externalfinals in game new 7. Recognition. of Desire for Love group Vanball—the this stream. with forwardreaching mony especially for the Vanguardscreated approval. his for Need Feeding Ego. is lies "felt"a basic problem, Here which

activities available Desire best the his "girl."for one of approval ofand is leader wise the a companion, by who

8. is of Discussion. Love age-—Argument the growing offor young men a in his not commander. young The man

because popular desire the to talk boys evening,will FebSaturday be held 'teens just middlehas a through come things through, a tries as bird much in Deseret theruary Gymnasium, 25, of spurt tremendous has growth and its well wings, as as because sincere of its the onset weathered of puberty with City.Salt Lake

interest in itself. the problem in the social changes his focus profound of seven representing the teams Eight 9. Responsibility. Love of Older fellows interest. outlook and districts the for one and CouncilScout need responsible want experience. and

is Serious rapidly maturing. body The the for at will large competeChurch 10. Serve. Readiness to if Particularly

is interests enthusiasm are multiplying, will teams a championship. basis, particularly voluntaryChurch on The and interest "his in things. for keen some The

service his where evokes appreciation! beginning for games paired bybe is be not intensified, girl"should he and

Ideals. 11. idealists. of are Love Youths of winners fordrawing represents one of twitted about places—thethe it—it realism life its selfish of The with set semifinals the toeach advancing relationships. life's beautiful supremely

greed stifled has their not yet radiant will finals. be is It lofty of winning team sentimentand of and age The an altruism.

intention. "gang"succession. motive in sets three and Theobliged to play

vocation to Future dwindles "chums."has been plan admission A unique

It problems beckons. is an age of and Program Counterpart handled will be by out andworked

difficulties seeks recognition in he which the various Executives ofthe Scout adult 1. satisfaction at the of an hands and

first the indoorcouncils. will be This miserly to to expression.Action—Doing. be seems world which him

the church inVanball Championship its its in in relinquishment approval and Health concernAthletics—Competitionto keepAdventiuie.status. Selfas in history will go downand authority. one of of 2. Advancement Opportunity in projects

excellent this in events Pioneer the boys out of every three go out Two based on youth interests voluntarily effort this to time. that In by "work"sport. life plan counseling, undertaken—also little relatively getting in receive help they

provisions for Make the young man located, startling float 3. percentages of them

his and desirable "girl"under auspices. seekingOlder Boy Urges quickly to another one job from

4. Stimulate natural approach, securing their niche. this citizenship In period of groups America, over A LL desired choices toward of men influences are neither nor overly numerous** generainterested in the coming his light in the of sought is effective. frequently impatient with He own—madeinformation seriously the are tion studying probadvice. achieves. the progress he

of years 15 abovelems of young men life interest sex the In his new enters 5. Recognize small groups. unit Volunwill the country of exercise and throughout plentyage be by met should and tarily formed like interests with inreach groups of older boys engaged in in games, sports, hikes and athletics, as volved.

social to functions well as having by kinds, cooperating various ofprograms 6. Different Different program. Uniform. girl his or of the moment, he which and the in program a with Vanguard way responsibility. More future, together under the of go may I.of the Y. A. M. M. atmosphere. desirable of conditions 7. Recognitions Provided. achieveFormal effort a this find in to leaders The life, friendvocational his In vocational ment Recognitions. Quiet personal for particularly youngproper program outstanding advice ships from with and encouragement. Personally shared are to years age of 14 17 frommen callings will in be helpful. various men Expectation him. on

the National Council experts in this If during this period, the church week day work. Dr. H. W. Hurt, one of Amerprogram can be so wisely adapted to his 8. Provide Forums. Afford discussion

opportunities under as natural auspices social that continues physical he needs and ica's in leaders outstanding programs as possible but shall a which cover affiliation, values active of future then stated his of has for men, some young certain range of problems. realized. great be can worth the needconclusions emphasizing and

unless this the In period man, young 9. to bear Chance Responsibility. Use the a as of value such Vanprogram

is likely to in School, remain not High officers as young leaders men and unare followthe ofguards Church now relation at that unless his be of a home der adult counsel. companionship ing. peers, his rather as than "partner"among

The conclusions of Dr. Hurt have a,n inferior among his superiors. 10. Chances to serve. Offered through

to home at parallels interesting those helpful away For from andsome home individually—servicechurch, etc. letters, visits, etc., are basic the the for the inperiod, are printed herewithwhich this—togroups,city—to

formation of leaders of Teacher's quorfor the maintenance of home ties and in 1 1 Honor Ideals. Looks up to them

to the the goes which boy community set them to set the exothers andums, Groups Vanguard who high—strive is to bridge the needed gap someone of ample of following them. privilege the responsibilityhave and

care. the those distance of who

class of this splendid with of working facts these light the In of "older about young men: boys"(who by the way are called "young More Wealth

by those men"who are are 'I AHE same old season comes this year, 'I *0 understand other boys, (boys over their principal that urges wise)—whatoffer a program

A 15 years of age), they must be seen opportunity and responsibility? f- But bears oft tragic need for cheer;

less of As have we "things"and "gold,"a as point phase or of process a process—a seek that of may more things hold We progressive change. of growth and They

wealth. More need in to be years Young Man Nature understood of the terms

just behind them and those just before 1. Physical and Mental Energy. A Conthem; their present must be seen in the sciousness of strength. Abundant selfThe same old friends in love are bound,

light of their past and their future. confidence. Tendency to scorn danger. And yes! perchance a new one found;

They have passed in turn through 2. Love of Progress. Things that retard But for them all, since times are bad,

periods of helplessness, preschool play, and hold back are sources of irritation More cheer, more joy we bring, and add and questioning, on through a time of even at earliest age levels. Youth Morepronounced individualism, i n fi o and wants to move onward. wealth.—H. W. Hurt.

244 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

married to our husbands for time and all eternity.BeeHive Girls President Shepherd then spoke to us,

not as if we were an audience but like

Calendar be dramatized are: cutting down the he would to his own children. The

tree, cherry a riding colt, crossing wild topic stressed the he to most was how Nymphs: the Delaware, treaty the making beautiful of become were women. We Feb. XVIII—Happi7th—Guide peace the etc. Indians, with advised stay late to not of out hours

in ness Daily Home girls enjoy dancing might the the The night because sins with boys more Feb. XIX—Tasks.RecreaMinuet. (See Era, 14th—Guide January were 1932, committed accidents and more

in in the tion the Hive and 1 page for directions 70 of dance.) in the early happened the of hours Home. George Washington at morning, than Game. time. other any Out A Evin Feb. of articles paper cut ery XX—Business 21st—Guide connected he with spoke deeper word and sunk

in the City. Hive and life the of George into deeper soul impressed and me my Washington—such Business Feb. XXI the—as: hat, it cocked old 28th—Guide more. coach, family shoe to not ashamed admit I am

in the City. the in Hive and buckle, tree, hatchet, girl, cherry every but almost myself, sword, even had

Mar. 7th—Guide horse, colored tears in servant, etc. cravat, eyes. XXII—Business her One

in the City. in the Hive and these of articles the the is pinned remeeting back on ended When we

to Mar. XXIII—Aids 14th—Guide girl of each to turned the without reception her to knowing await room

in the City. Health and Hive one. girl which to find turn be baptized. out our early must The In the

to Mar. 21st—Guide XXIV—Aids is article which afternoon her back our on asking Third by BeeHive Ward

in the Health it class questions until about in. she guess was can admitted

t Mar. 28th—Guide HiveXXV—Fand City.i r s correctly. I baptized example, For for she was nineteen persons would

Aid. I to say and it? looking the to I wear forward time am Where someone—did Builders: it? did I it? I use can did return when I use and for be baptized Did How Feb. 7th- -Guide XV—Honor I ride it, etc. The questions are an- a greater number. I hope that I will

Womanhood. swered as briefly as possible, but truthbe able to live up to the beautiful Feb. 14th—Guide XVI—Planned fully. Those not guessing the article things that were expressed in the meetby BeeKeeper and Girls. on their back must pay a forfeit and ing and that some day I might have the

Feb. 21st—Guide XVII—Life of redeem it by doing something to enprivilege of returning to the Temple

the Bee by Maeterlinck. tertain the others. These articles may with my husband to be married for

Feb. 28th—Guide XVIII—Nationbe pinned on as the girls first enter, if time and all eternity. Helen G.

al Anthem (Foundation Cell desired. It might be well to place a Greaves.

Ma r. 7th—Guide XIX—Bathing For refreshments part of the girls Friendship

the Baby (Foundation Cell may bring red punch and the others

BeeHive Girl Mar. 14th—Guide XX—Open for thus carrying out the color scheme of A

your Planning. red, white and blue. A LARGE word is friendship Mar. 21st—Guide XXI—Textiles. To close with it is suggested that 1 With a meaning twice its size.

Mar. MendXXII 28th—Guide tell the BeeKeeper an impressive friendship, true—story A very

ing Cell (Foundation No. 4). from the life of George Washington. that Is one never dies.

Gatherers: (For other games see Adult Departcompanion will stand by you who Feb. 7th—Guide XV—Temporal ment notes, this Era.) A All through, the way Blessings*

Feb. 14th—Guide XVI—Open for A BeeHive Girl Writes WhoAndwilldo sharethe thingsyour joysyou anddo. sorrows Planning. your

Feb. Visit to the My Temple 21st—Guide XVII—Games. careful very be So

i i c Feb. v 28th—Guide XVIII—C to friends, your Not wound

11, the July BeeHive 1932, QN will they love cherish you. and And

e o Mar. visited Girls the Stake of Oneida m XIX—H Responsibility.7th—Guide ends. Until journey your at Home. the to for baptized be Logan Temple Evening—Happiness

Mar. 14th—Guide be dead. T o XX—Have Faith Girls Beeand Planned by the When we arrived at the Temple we

Keeper. entered the reception room. We did By RUTH MABEY Mar. 21st—Guide XXI—Taste the not have to wait very long until Presi- A BeeHive Girl

Sweetness of Service. dent Shepherd, of the Logan Temple,

of grey despair a mist Mar. told came into us to re1XZHEN and the room 28th—Guide XXII—Service

blue, the shining '* Covers Cells. follow him. our slippers and move

For the Open Night in February, it We followed him into a large room And not a ray of sunshine is suggested that the Builders and Gathwhere meetings are held. As we enCan pierce the thick clouds through.

erers meet together and have a George tered the room everything was so peaceHave faith.

felt ful, that quiet heavenly and you AssignmentsWashington party. in anger the black clouds frown When

forlive there as if like to so that a youshould be would in advance made fall rain the to begins And

I ever. ever never willsuccessful have and a more had be assured. party is the in sorrow world drowned And

girl feeling herself each a wonderful make in a dreary pall. of peace come over Clothed First—have

then. of hatGeo. funny out Washington me as it did Have faith.papers. The girls can bring the papers We sang two of our BeeHive songs,

from home. then Mrs. Millie Anderson, president Have faith all ye disillusioned!

Divide the Swarms into groups of of the Y. L. M. I. A. of Oneida Stake, Without it all is lost

four or five each and dramatize incioffered the invocation. It was the As a ship without a pilot

dents from the life of George Washingmost beautiful prayer I have ever On a stormy sea betossed.

ton, or of historical events that hapheard. She prayed that each of us Have faith in God to whom you pray

pened at that time. As each group girls might remain as pure and beautiAs he has faith in you

presents their dramatization the others ful as we are now, and that some day And the clouds of grey shall roll away guess what it is. Incidents which may every one of us might return and be And bright shine out the blue.

.

The Improvement Era for February, 1933 245

a table. the face placing up on When +- a bird player can from make nameBoy Scouts Players take turns drawing letters and

these letters he takes the letters and for Teaching Second Class Games in spells the front of him. The wordYour Afterself—A Message Work. first wins. ten getting person words

For All Youth 1 "Whatis-WrongWith-ThisPic- 2. "Twig Matching."

By DAVID STARR JORDAN Oneture?"Patrol is sent outside the room, 12 Obtaininches severallong. kindsCut intoof twigs,two parts.8 to

different the Patrols remaining make a board. fhe half lower on Mount first is life in duty toward\7"OUR in in their the changes table. and halves Scatter room the a own other At on

afterself. live the that So your

is to appearance. Patrol allowed close- a signal Every the players observe given

his time, in to be may, ought youman six changes. to ly run the then make of twigs one and

in actual. possible,be be Far away are: changes Suggested other the get the to group unmounted

is his turn. Histhe years waiting he of the is of If Changes half room: half. Changing the brought wrong

in brain, soul, his are his yourbody, walls, posithe the pictures the of requires tries again. on he back This game

himself. help cannot hands.boyish He etc. tion furniture, the of used be close observation. Leaves may

it will leave for Will him? youWhat the Scouts: of Changes Changing in the way. same

lust dissipa- a or brainbe unspoiled by shoes, of that will have so boys two General. act; trained a totion; think and mind on, black one shoe one and brown mov- 1. Another.""Ask Me its diala in as true a system nervous

left ing to the the shoulder knot from is us with the mania Quiz While to the Will truthresponse about you?

the right the shoulder, putting emblems it of benefit out the for use not why let as ayou, Boy, him come man etc. hats, the of back on Scout work? in his will time? you Or menamong are the the changes Pamade When list dealthirty questions a of Make inheritance his before hethrow away

is trol called in outside the door and ing Law, Scouting with it? to the touchhas Will chance had activities—the three find given to minutes out "What Tests, Etc. distorted, a brain over to turnyou him

is picture."the with wrong ol pieces questions big the on Write will diseased,a to acuntrained a mind in tried are Patrols other out The arrange and numbers give them paper,tion, spinal cord a and through grown

the way. same meeting the troop walls of the them on devilgrass, "the wild withthrough

2. Blind Journey. Man's room.? let takeoats"Will and come him you (Sensetraining Patrol game; comto minutes 15 given are boys The place, exgaining through youryour petition.) are or placed Chairs benches answers the write and around walk friendships,perience, in your happy

as central a obstructions, leaving windthe After paper. piece of a on down joys, building yourhallowed through

is ing chair four placed pathway. the A to given are 1 papers the 5 minutes it fling his willon you them Or own? five feet or the "in"opening. from A check up Scoutmasters, who Assistantall that decreeing, wantonlike, away,

is chair, stands the Scout behind allowed of patrol (sum winning the find and shallthe been have might you man to the distances of study windings and while answers), correct the members'life is in problem be? yournever This

is the then blindfolded, pathway, and meeting the continues Scoutmaster the is to vastly problem which more—the to endeavors through without go eventhe of the end Before program. will all others. or than anyyou How If succeeds, obstruction. touching he an is announced. winner the ing it, as a It as fool? or a meetyou man scores he point. a

comes before you today and every day,

First Class for Work. Games of America"choice is the "Scouts the of your hourand

1 Bird Logomachy. Selected. destiny. crisis in your History American Epic of

letters cardboard. Use printed on one An

side. Place face down on the table. By GEORGE BERGSTROM

and folio w- "Make Scouting a Game"O the call of the bugle

The Play Way of Teaching. * ing the flag parade of khakiclad

Twilight Boy Scouts, there came in stately pagGames for Teaching Tenderfoot Work. By Grace Jacobsen eantry Columbus, John Smith, ChamJunipero Padre plain, Game. Washington, Knot 1. A is done, day rT1HE the MorFremont, Serra, Sacajewea, right, boys, let's have a big circle -* All one, one As by

here. You're "it", John. Here's a The sun's gold rays receding, mon Pioneers, Grant, Lee, Jane Adrope. Run around this circle. Square From mountain peak dams, Edison, and Lindbergh, outknot is safety. Drop the rope behind And canyons bleak, standing characters in the making of

anyone you choose. That Scout must The twilight glow preceding. American history. They graced the

tie a square knot before you get around The rose gray sky, stage, thrilling the hearts of hundreds to him again. If you succeed in getFades by and by of Latterday Saints who attended the

ting to him before he ties the knot, To blue and amber blending. opening of the quarterly conference

slips That away it in is in the Stake held "it". behind then drops House Hollywoodhe He

day, dying With on. Angeles. so Scout, other andsome veil descending. Los of night The

Ethel beautiCallis read the Baker is safety be knot which may The changed from time to time, thus using O'er hill and vale, ful story entitled "The Scouts of Amerdale, woodland And ica", written Levi by Edgar and Youngpractically knot every soft shades are creeping fawn in the Tenderfoot The Adele Howells, Cannon depictwhichrequirements. all over And ed the part played the forerunners by Contest. Test"seems to fall, There2. A "Flag

We give each Patrol a small Amer- A trust in His kind keeping. of Americanepoch making periods,

tracing the country's development from it fly tell to corican them and Flag star. evening The interview Columbus's the Queen with in ensuesrectly. great scramble and A far, seems so That

to Lindbergh's flight across Atlantic. the flying. are PaFlagsa short time The in countless gleams number, And

trol which shows the most despatch and Its vigil keeps The pageant was sponsored by the system in their manner of going about From heavens deep, M. I. A., directed by Dr. Georgia B.

the process of flying the Flag naturally In night's embrace slumber. Johnson, assisted by Leo Coombs, Muis awarded the first place. sical Director,-—Ethel Baker Callis

..

246 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

reader; and Anna Gardner Stewart, acApplication of Guide Scout informed as to the progress of each boy

companist. at frequent intervals as well as any

The contrast of the pageant was and Priesthood Plan peculiar traits or characteristics of each boy. of tripplainly the was the in Trailbuilder program evident—there rpHE

first 5. the Febof November, On in his ships * slowly movingColumbus place the takes S. L. wards D.

in conruary, meet August and May seaof the uncertain on an Westward sponsored of the by program Cubbing guardian, the scoutjunction withcruise to an destination, and unknown of the National Scouts Council Boy to supervisor priesthood master and that of Charles in his A. Lindbergh Trailbuilder America. Although work

graduation the preparations for make ship air the ofmodern his in record is directed the OrganizaPrimary by later. exercises to held be one month flightbreaking to Eastward a known leaders tion, Priesthood Scout and

in- 6. before graduation Shortlydefinite goal; the powdered wigs its and vitally interested welin be should

supriesthood and form scoutmastercostumes times of the Colonial to the espethe fare, for of program the aim for are qualified which boysdress of moderns; the the beating third is to of year cially prepervisor the during

Indian torn toms and the chant of the pare boys for the Scouting and Priestgraduation.

Padres to the beautiful orchestral achood work. The Duties of the Scoutmaster are:

companiment, arranged by Mr. To correlate the work of the three 1 Get names of boys 1 1 years, 9

Coombs; the stately splendor of Queen departments more closely the Cottonmonths or more every September, DeElizabeth and her Court to the strugwood Stake recently added an older cember, March and June from guidegles and the hardships of Sacajewea's scout to the teaching force of the Primaster.

wilderness trail from the Missouri to mary. The older scout is also an ac- 2. Assign a 2nd class scout to train

each boy.the direct Pacific; priesthood has member. He the landing of Columbus on tive

3. every during Meet boy 2nd week thethe charge activity the of of shores work of the Atlantic to Fremont's

in September, December, and March dethird guide Trailbuilders year orlanding the on shores of the Pacific;

talk his introduce June, to and him is called the Guidemaspartment and thefrom miracle of the Edison mazda trainer to him. ter. specific are: duties Hislamp lighting the world, to the torch 4. night candidates a Invite to fun 1. date. logs to Keep upof the gospel lighting the world with quarter. of each during 2nd month stunts, its Teach message of light and salvation. boys'activities—games, 5. in preguidemaster with Work fill requirements. to log etc.—necessary2. It 1st exercises fitting a for paring graduation was climax a to atwell 3. for the hiking Conduct program

tended seminar of Scouters, and a conguides. week in December, March, June, and

ference of enthusiastic promoters of boy 4. Teach handicraft projects. September.

welfare who listened to addresses on 5. Recruit new guides. 6. Give Tenderfoot test and register

Scouting technique from such men as 6. Prepare boys for Tenderfoot the boy as a scout.

Oscar A. Kirkham, E. B. De Groot, Scout Test. The Aaronic Priesthood Supervisors'

Scout Executive of Los Angeles; John 7. Assist in preparation of boys for Duties are:

Wells, of the presiding Bishopric; Osordination into Priesthood. 1 Get names of boys 1 1 years, 9

car A. Mathews, Scout Executive, The guardian of the guides is remonths; every September, December,

Huntington Park; Wes Klussman, Asst. sponsible for the guide department March and June from guardian or

Executive, Los Angeles; George Bergand the guidemaster is her assistant. guidemaster.

strom, Scout Executive of the San FerShe conducts all lesson work and su- 2. Talk to each boy during last

nando Valley. Leonard Allen, the Dispervises the preparation of the boys week of October, November, January,

trict Commissioner of the Hollywood for ordination into the Priesthood. February, April, May, July and AuStake, presided and conducted these sesThe Duties of the Guidemaster in gust to see if boys are learning priestsions. correlating the Primary Scout and hood requirements.

Priesthood Departments are: 3. Assist guardian, guidemaster and

Some quotations from these speech- 1. Secure from the ward Correlascoutmaster in making preparation for

es: tion Committee on September 1st each graduation exercises to be held during

"We are just as anxious that the boys year the names of all 1 1 year old boys 1st week of December, March, June advance in Scouting as we are that they in the ward. and September.

2. Segregate the into names 4 8 in advance the Priesthood."John

will before groups turn 1 2 of boys who Wells, of the Presiding Bishopric.

December 1st—Group I—Names. appeal for The Land "We your cooperation Before March My $ 1st—Group II—Names. coordinationand of the church plan. Before June 1st—Group III—Names.Scouting needs the spirituality Parents that From we Came Before September 1st of the next year

can give it."Oscar Kirkham. Continued from—Group IV—Names. 242 page 3. Give one duplicate of this list "Wholesome institutional interest

and support promote the vitality of the to the Scoutmaster and another to the President Penrose turned to her and

Priesthood Aaronic supervisor.Boy Scout movement."E. said, "Sister, B. De Ward earth is your on work

special attention to the 4. Pay Groot, Scout Angeles. Executive of Los this place prepared has been done and

group to graduate first, keeping rest. here are the for people you to There "Scouting was founded on the 'good scoutmaster supervisor and priesthood to to wait only have you on you and turn'and lives service the great on rendered to mankind."O. B. Mathews. ask for what you want and it will be

interesting become because "We of Tonight broughtGrandfatherto you."he said, Then"But you,turningJohn,to the places we have of the been and

things we have seen, and to the Boy By Dixie Foster will have to stay on the stage a while longer."they went out and left I And Scout, the felt that my desire outof-doors

her she awoke. there and mind creates this cul- -*-/T ASTRulednightmy ture."Klussman. Wes

Tonight I find each time a thought of you Two years later after being stricken "The Scoutmaster must be a come Creeps forth, with pneumonia and feeling the end leader and a go getter, a man of high I tuck it back again was near she had the Ward books ideals whose integrity is beyond reAnd pat it gently, brought to her bed. She finished them

child erring an proach; a instead shepherd a sheep As of so that her be finished up would work

to stay wants up Who a herder, savior instead a protagoof later she died, one 16, April and week 'Til the old folks to bed go nist."George Bergstrom. 1914. Saunders, Virginia Ward. 33d

The Improvement Era for February, 1933 247

Buying Happiness

Continued from INDEX TO ADVERTISERS page 228 Advertisers in The Improvement Era may be depended upon.

of the spirit in a shop window, or in a depleted pocketbook, and to touch, Patronize them ever so lightly, the underlying saneCompany Page ness of truth."The two first essays Beneficial Life Insurance Co. Back Cover

"Buying Happiness"and "The Art of Brigham Young University 247

Heber J. Grant 8 Co. 247Beingcharming—untilOutshone"oneare perhapscomes tothe "Themost Deseret News Press 250

Age of Salesmanship,""Martyrs All,"Knight Fuel Co 25 and "The Uses of Adversity."And L. D. S. Business College 248

between the varying degrees of delight Quish School of Beauty Culture 25 2 to be found in these, are the degrees to PorterWalton Co. 254

rest. in the other words, Inbe found

fulRamshaw Hatcheries 25 3 risk considered at the of beingand some, each essay is more exhilarating Standard Brands, Inc. 253

than the rest. The book should not Salt Lake Costume Co. 250

be missed by those who enjoy sitting Temple Square Hotel. 253

down to read and laugh to oneself; but Utah Oil Refining Co. 255

the laughter is of the quiet kind which Utah State National Bank Inside Front Cover comes from finding on the printed Utah Power 8 Light Co. 252

pages the thoughts which one has Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Assn Inside Back Cover vaguely known but been unable to Z. C. M. I 254

crystallize into expression.

"Buying Happiness"is an explanation and defense of those who love to buy whether or not their purchases do them any good afterwards. "Beyond

tells us,doubt,"Goodspeed Mr. "The There are many who suffer loss strangebuyings of us look of many

first editions,to most. buys One man

all if another, the dearer LinBe prudent uncut;

coln manuscripts, not to publish—that

spoil their to proAvert it bywould value—but

tect publication; another from bindINSURANCEings, regardless they contain; of what

another, Chinese snuffboxes, though he is not Chinese and does not take snuff. This organization writes insurance always of the highest quality.

... They are all buying the same thing

in different packages. They are buying happiness.""The Art of Being UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

Outshone"is a casual consideration of the prevalent ideal launched through HEBER J. GRANT 8 CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

advertising that one can become the life of the party through the simple expedient of taking a course which will make him outshine everyone else presenter-ent. of these conviction The

theprising ideas The "Y"SUMMER SESSION OFFERS ones who set forth seems to be that only through monopolizing the attention and conversation of happiness. find Othcan onea group nat- A FULL QUARTERers, spotlight, the must not sharing

urally return home lonely and deAnd a RICH ONE pressed. Dr. Goodspeed points out

that "we all know the conversational superman; he has been with us since

boyhood.... He is always capping

somewith contributions modestyour slain your A TwelveWeeks'bigger.thing If you have

thousands, he has slain his tens of Summer School thousands. You timidly intimate that

your assessed valuation is two thouFirst Term: June 12JuIy 21

is his four. that dollars; he criessand

Alpine Term: July 24Aug. 25 Freein are to speak that youYou say

port; he says that they had previously

asked him. You tell him how long

it took you to drive a certain route; With practically all the regular staff on duty this summer, the B. Y. U. will schedule

rich curriculumhis In a a hours."time was better by

college Regular to students—teachers—adultsmeet the requirements of desiring selfimprovement—graduates the author points fetching way,most degree. seeking a higher

out the beauties of being a listener, an finished beforeobserver. one has And

is quite that convincedreading, he it is BRIGHAM YOUNGPROVO, UTAHUNIVERSITY a splendid art—that of being outshone!

248 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

Report of Accomplishments for November

of co * 3 2 2 more c o'S com- e*Eca enrollaverage u

discussions more date..2 to <u a.2 or Ms

r.YOUR e

rollment. C M 2/3 having uoft to 3 or whose of conNo. Wards

ment. whose

tu ducting DepartSTAKES 1 Yo es T3 5i-l s isi -3'PT3.K en 10'n in: funi ments clas T3T War

enroll 100 activiti Wards WardsGOALWards

Wards SJM uaoa is in:

participate their of attendance it sooner Reach

annual pleted 11 lected ment their tival and 3 No. No. No. No. No. bf through Evening School 1

CD 1 "8 3,H YM|YL| YM|YL 1 YM YL[YM|YL | YM|YL1 g '33ca! 3 5PM cft >> as "3s01 6033

1 1 1 1 Alberta 8 8 5 Secretarial Alpine 6 6 6 5 2 "4 56 6 31 86 86 45 55 66 6 "3 "3 3....3 52

6 9 9 5 2 e 5 5 4 Bannock 8 10 Bear 6 1 "2 55 24 "3 41 11 '*2 "i""4 "i 52 13 8 10 8 10 Lake 10

Bear River 12 10 8 10 9 8 4 6 4 3 3 3 4 2 5

Benson "i 12 "is 11 2 10 6 10 12 9 7 7 4 6 2 4 4 7 Accounting Beaver 3 3 1 1 "i"2 2 2 1 2 1 i i

Blaine 3 3 2 3 1 2 1 2 2 i i"1 1 1 3

1 6 1 2 3 9 2 7 3 Burley 3 5 7 6 7 '""5 "4.... 4 2 5 3.... 3 7 2 7 Cache 7 7 7 "3 8 Business AdBoxelder 13 12 13 11 5 12 9 7 8 3 5 2 3 11 9 1 1 Cassia 5 4 4 5 5 4.... 5 1 "*5 "5 "l 1 4 1 10 7 Cottonwood.... 8 9 8 10 8

1 1 5 4 3 Deseret 2 3 5 3 4 4 5 6 ministration Curlew 7 6 3 5 5 2 3 3 2 3 1 1 6 6 11 6 2 7 10 1 "i East 8 "I 9 9 Jordan.... "i 7 6 "2

.... 6 4 3 2 2 2 4 2 3 4 "i Emery 2 "5

5 3 5 5 1 8 5 6 6 8 4 Ensign 7 8 "i 2 "2 4 9 4 3 4 Franklin 6 6 6 10 9 3 8 3 8 2 4 7 1 B 3 3 5 13 6 5 3 9 10 8 1 1 4 1 1 1 3 5 6 5 5 3 4 6 3 8 4 2 5 10 Renew your ambition to get FremontGarfieldGranite 6 9 3 8 6 4 9 "4 104 r "93 1012 10 6 10 ahead with the beginning of Grant 14 9 11 12 14 14 10 10 10 8 9 6 7 1 9 4 T5 the New Year. Deserve proGunnisonHollywood........ 9 59 9 3 5 2 '6....5 i 59 55 17 24 35 13 "2 11 "3

1 1 3 2 8 7 2 8 3 5 6 10 5 6 4 increasing 5 9 5 Hyrum motion 2 "l your by 3 5 1 Idaho 4 4 4 3 4 "4 ability to in things get done 1 5 Falls 2 13 2....2 Idaho 8 7 7 10 2 11 7 "3 "4

1 1 4 1 2 3 5 4 4 5 5 5 4 5 3 4 5 Juab 5 office. All busipractical the

2 1 1 1 3 3 1 4 3 6 4 5 3 5 2 4 Kanab courses. ness 1 4 2 Regular Kolob 6 6 2 2 2 3 2 4 4 2 2 Day 2 4 "2

1 2 "2 2 1 5 Lethbridge.... 7 4 4 3 3 2 2 2 6 3 3 2 School teachers. Our Em-.... Lehi 6 3 "4"6 4 G 3 6 6 6 6 4 4 "3

i 6 3 7 12 5 8 8 10 12 9 10 7 5 12 conLiberty ployment 5 Department "2 "4 1 3 8 6 2 2 10 11 9 8 8 Logan 8 8 10 11 7 9 2 tacts hundreds of business 7 4 2 3 2 4 5 2 11 8 5 6 8 4 Los Angeles... i'ij 9 10

offices. Call or write for LymanLost River 'i 34 2 33 1 32 2 32 i "2 3 31 3 23 11 13 "i 22 1 31

. 1 1 suggestions 1 2 4 Malad on can how we "8 5 "6 4 "5 "8 5 "2 "7 5 "jj 7 6 6 8 Maricopa "5 1 58 6 2 5 "6 help ahead. you get obNo 3 6 6 4 2 4 3 Millard 4 6 6 6 3

1 1 1 1 1 3 2 2 Minidoka 3 2 ligation. s "2 "2 5 3 1 2 4 7 7...4 4 6 "2 6 6 Moapa 4 "1 1 4 "2 "2

.... 1 2 9 7 Montpelier 7 2 7 4 3 6 6 4 6 7 5

3 1 1 4 3 3 3 3 2 4 2 Moroni 4 4 "4 "4 6.... 3 5 3 5 "2 5 2 5 3 5 2 5 5 5 Mt. Ogden 1

3 4 7 9 1 "l 9 8 "i Monday and Thursday Nebo 8 8 2 7 "2.... 1 1 2 5 3 Nevada 5 4 "4 3 6 "i 4 4 1 T "5 Evenings—6:30 Sanpete.... 1 3 4 S to 9:30 No. 5 5 5 4 6 4 2 2 5

No. Sevier 4 2 1 3 4 3 2 3 T 3 1 3

7 2 10 No. 1 7 7 4 7 5 2 3 9 9 Weber

1 9 11 12 6 5 3 2 3 11 7 2 12 10 3 2 Ogden 8 "5 12 1 11 6 9 1 3 Oneida 8 3 8 3 5 6 "1 43 10 7 8 7 6

Oquirrh

1 1 1.... 3 1 4 1 Panguitch 6 4 4 "l 2 T T T

1 Pioneer 5 9 4 9 7 6 11 4 10 7 3 3 8 "6 8 6 '1 9 T"5 4 9 Pocatello 10 10 5 2 9 3 2 10 4 9 8 8 4 4 *3 1 1 2 1 $15.00 PortneufPalmyra 5 57..3 36 3 56 2 57 1 66 56 1 55 44 52.. 24 "4 23 5 8 6 6 3 5 4 4 5 3 6 6 4 3 6 6

4 Raft River.... 2 Pays for Six Months Rigby 8 6 5 5 "4 13 3 45 1 45 35 23 23 i i 1 22

Roosevelt 4 1 4 4 3 3 "l 3 2 St. 5 3 2 4 3 John 3 2 2

Salt 9 13 9 12 7 12 11 1 "3 "24 135 Lake 12 12 12 2 "4 27 32 "i1 104 13 13

San Francisco.. 6 10 6 7 3 9 4 8 6 2 10 7 4 9 3 2 1 2 5 3 1

Sevier 8 8 6 7 4 5 7 6 1 2 6 6 6 1 1 1 1 8

Sharon 4 3 4 3 2 3 4 4 1 1 1 2

Shelley.... 7 9 6 9 5 4 3 5 8 7 7 7 3 3 1 2 1 i 9

Snowflake 6 7 6 5 1 6 3 6 7 3 5 5 3 4 3 3 1 12 5

South 6 7. Davis 6 7 2 7 3 5 5 3 2 2 5 7 "7.... -j "4

3 Sanpete.. LD. S. South 4 7 3 5 2 "i 7 3 3 3 3 "i 6 "8 Sevier.... South 7 5 7 7 6 4 2 "s 2 2 4 2 "4 11 Star Valley 1 9 5 6 8 9 9 5 6 2 6 8 3 "l "4 6 i 3 1 3 2 4 Summit 4 3

*5 "2 "5 5 "5 "4 "3 "4 1 Taylor 6 4 6 5 4 4 3 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 2 2 2 2 1 2 1 "i "5 5 5 2 5 "i BUSINESS TetonTimpanogos 1 5 4 2 1 2 3 1 2 "4 "3.... 4 Tintic 1 4 3.... "I 3 2 2 2 2 2

"2 "4 Tooele 10 9 2 7 5 7 2 3 "i 6 1 1 1 2 2 1 2 2 Twin Falls "8 3 "4 Uintah 5 "4 15 6 5 "i 6 "'4'25 5 3 3 3 "4 "2 5 3 4 Union 4 3 4 2 4 3 "2"2 3 3 COLLEGE 9 1 4 9 Utah 7 i 9 2 2 7 9 7 2 2 2 4 9 3 Wasatch 4 8 5 8 5 6 3 7 4 6 of the A Department 1 1 5 1 1 5 4 3 5 2 1 Wayne "4 "5 "2... 1 6 4 Jordan. 7 7 6 "i 5 5 6 5 2 West "i 7 4 L. D. S. College

.. 3 1 3 1 2 Woodruff 2 3 2 3 3 2 4 3 2 2 2 "6 "5

.... Yellowstone 8 3 i 6 5 7 6 8 1 5 2 2 3 3 6 7

The Improvement Era for February, 1933 249

Report of Accomplishments for November

01 t3 0) <H h m|5 *& S O to 3 S Mb ti IT WILL o a PAY mc W co c th F enro u avera more date. M.5 discussio

or the organized '.5-3 of

2/3 having to having whose LiO0. or of conNo. enrollment. Wards

whose |> in Departducting STAKES population. 0)H si YOU is

10% Wards to class in fund. ments

100% T3 activities s Wards Wards fao -j o3 Wards >h!<H ndance ticipate faN Wards is

;heir ual of Burn To ed ed P it in:1 r

6 Z5$O 9 S> 4*1ft P. 03 lis 7* A+j

to a o 5 "8 8fa 'S3 Knight 301 Poto YM YL YM YL YM YL YM |YL YM IYL s 110h 6 BQ JO 1 3CQ5 0,n 6....) 5 4 1 4 2 2 3 6 3 6 6 6Zion Park 6 3 Spring 22 7 | 2 4 3 8 14 14 16Calif. 23 6 23 17 Mission 15 22 21 23 18 22 15 23

.... |.... 2. 3 2 3 3 2 2 Mis. 5 2 8 5Canadian

Eastern States 11 12 11 11 10 10 9 9 1 1 7 6 2 3 7 1 2 3 2 1| 5 8 4 21 2 4 4 6 4 States 7 Mis. 6No. 7 1 Canyon....| 4..18 16....18 12 12 12 22 15 13 20 Mis. 24 15 12Hawaiian

1 2 | 2 1 2.—. 2 3 2 4 3 States 5... 8 3 5Western

.... |............ 1.... 1 1.... 1 i'1 1 2 2.... MissionTexas Coal

The M. I. A. is now in the midst of its activities. It might be interesting to note that out

of 81 Stakes and 4 Missions representing 545 wards, departments in the various activities are being conducted as follows: drama, 428; dancing, 269; music, 409; public speaking, 230; story,

242. In addition to the accomplishments shown on the report above, many stakes report having

successfulheld Thanksgiving are pleased Balls, Mall MenGleanerof the stakes parties,reporting,roadplanshows,on holdingoneact aplays,music etc.festival.We that practically to know

-t>ig>&-

4{ Wedding Ring and Cow Bell..Continued from

page 212 Long Burning CleanMarie welcomed the snow as she impress Olaf, "A good milking walked toward Olaf Monson's, cow."and Hot

the soft flakes seemed like tender "You are going to have two caresses from a sympathetic heaven cows, then?"Olaf surprised her by

above. asking. Or

She walked fast as the snow "No,"Marie gulped, "Spot, our would permit, straight to the home cow, died last night."Olaf metof Olaf Monson. He had a score the statement with no sign of Royal

of cows. She knew he would sell sentiment.

see. out pick you one Well, "I heher one. would Yes sell—but Coal water the three like those gripped her. bytrade? Fear She from

knew him more by reputation than trough. They're all good milkby fact for a hardworking, harders.

headed old man, who lived alone "Have you got one with a spot in a small log hut. She knew that on its forehead?"

he dealt only in money, or in trades "What?"Olaf was dumbthat were to his distinct advantage. founded at this, "I don't know.

She eyed her wedding ring skepWhat difference does, that make?"

tically. "None,"Marie answered someUtah's Purest Coal

what abashed. "I just thought I'd These Coals Maintain,

spotted like one to with a have Clean, Cheery Warm Homes in standing LJL E was it turned out so head."But Cost. that at Lowest the sleekthe corral, rubbing down the the good of cows among none

a Jersey cow, as Marieback of spot. Marie made bore a milkers FRIEND ASK GOOD YOUR

his yard.entered selection, Olaf followed her and DEALER COAL THE

"Good morning, Brother Moninto the house to seal the bargain.

pleasantly. sheson,"began heart beat Olaf Her frightfully—what Knight Fuel Co, able to believestared not as though trade! if he wouldn't

eyes.his asked haven't "You me about Royal Coal Co, at once. "It's price,"he began quite a snow we're havthe

ing,"she tried again. "No,"Marie agreed, "I must ask General Offices 8th Floor

"Yes. What do you want?"he you to consider a trade."Newhouse Bldg.

asked abruptly, making no pre- "A trade? I don't deal in anySalt Lake City, Utah

tense at polite conversation. thing but cash, or wellsecured

E. ADAMS, LEONARD lands."a cow,"have come to buy "I—I Agent General Sales stated added simplyMarie and "But what I have to offer you is

more to encourage herself than to better than either, or both."He

250 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

eyed her questioningly, to then rose ones know about it—until your

as to leave. though father recovers."FEBRUARYTHE MONTH OF LOVE, HISTORY "In Blue Lake Valley there is "All right, but where'd you get

AND PATRIOTISM nothing better than cash or lands. her, Mother?"He was all imof Lincoln. I a I hardworking am man. am patience. Memories. 12th—Thoughts14th—Valentine

Revere Washington. in debt to 22nd—We I allow no one. one no never guess in a decade,"'You'd

Special costumes for above dates and in to be debt to me."she teased. all other occasions.

In planning flushed. celebrations your Marie and misunder- "You "Where? Where?"he fairly

entertainments just pause think and I stand. wish;have no in his excitement. to be in danced what an added attraction a nice few

costumes will make. debt to I "From Olaf Monson."you—or to anyone.."merely to want skinflint?"that old "Not CO. LAKE exchange—COSTUME SALT

is it? is "Well, Dealers in what "Jerry, What unkind."MASQUERADE COSTUMES

Books, Play Operas, Operettas, Toupees, is this thing that than worth more that's "Ah, know Masks, Carnival Goods well—youhow cash or Pres. lands?"JOHN calls HANSEN, Mgr. in and everybody what town

Salt 33 West Bdwy. Lake City, Utah him."Send for Catalog

all a mistake. "Well, it's He's hesitated only MARIE fine a I'll send man. an instant, then looking him a mighty

squarely in the eyes, she said softly, note to your teacher when the chilafter dren can back; go our you go ring,"ached wedding and "My her the here have cow, and as new by the she shining gold drew band

is time school out."

finger. her from

Olaf stood dumb. His face

softened, melted. reddened, Marie swelled under J,ERRY caught her in terror. breath He "the children."But it was

was going to refuse! he was almost a man, came uptrue,to

"It's real gold,"she cried wildly, his mother's shoulder. And hadn't

"Solid gold. Christian gave it to he done a man's chores ever since

me in Denmark. It is all handhis father had been ill? He was

engraved, too.'He took the ring strutting a bit as his sisters came in.

gingerly. Marie watched him, An hour later Jerry Larsen

fascinated, then tore her gaze away climbed atop Olaf Monson's gate.

and rushed toward the door. He was a bit hesitant about going

INTEGRITY "I'll send Jerry at noon,"she in. Local rumor classed Olaf as a called and fled fearful lest he call very formidable old man—espeher back. Olaf stood mute, staring cially since the death of his mother

confidence which Lincoln's at the gold band in his great red two years ago. Nevertheless, JerrHEsquare-dealing inspired in the palm. ry's mother had told him that Olaf

people of his time caused them Marie hurried home in a jumble was all right, so he clutched the to elevate him into ever of emotions. They would have loaf of fresh bread his mother had

widening circles of usefulness in the milk. She had traded her wedding sent Olaf, and gazed about the

nation. If you have a printer into whose ring for a cow! They would have corral. Olaf was not in sight. The

competent hands can entrust imyou in together were bunched one had two cows milk—she traded—the printingplicitly your problems, knowing corner. wondered which was He thoughts chased about in a confuthat he will safeguard your interests as sion in her mind. Suddenly the to be their cow, and hoped she'd

his own, charging you (no more than the humor of the situation struck her. have a spot on her forehead.

job is worth, definite even though no bell! faint curled Wedding line of smoke cow A ring—and—aestimate of the price has been made, you herself the She had mastered chimney. the from be by Olaf must

are fortunate indeed. To serve our time she reached home. in the house. Jerry dropped lightly

clients conscientiously, insist to that and to fresh the tracks ground and made just Marie removing was newly our trained thoroughly printers and the deepest through to Olaf's snow 'sweet loaves of baked bread from binders their expend best efforts very door. His noise knock was more the Jerry in oven came when from

in the production of job, each regardless courage than answered and was by school, breathless, having rushed its size,of to give the and value utmost a brusk, in.""Come sisters. his ahead of looked He

for is dollar spent, each our constant aim.

at his anxiously entered. Jerry mother. Olaf, Timidly

THE pered."What about Spot,"he whisfigure,beardedwasof standingface )andwithtoweringhis backin

entrance. eseret News waveMarieof tenderness.caught him Howto herproudin a to an open fire intent upon Jerry's

she was of his fine manly qualities, "How do you do,"Jerry greet-T) 'Press**** of the sweet manner in which he ed. Olaf grunted a response. Jerry

29 RICHARDS STREET had accepted the many duties ordishuffled overshoed feet.

Was. 550 Salt Lake City narily performed by his father. "My mother sent this loaf of

"Didn't I tell you that I'd take bread."Still no word from the

care of everything?"towering man.

-A- "You mean we've got a cow?""It's fresh, just came out of the *—A "Yes, but you and I are the only oven."Silence.

The Improvement Era for February, 1933 251

"Sure tastes good with butter 'n'sugar,"Olaf chuckled.

"Well, suppose we try it,"he grinned.

V "Ibread."didn't know men liked sugar You'll

"Ah, yes, Jerry. Men are just

little serious. to be trying boys My Miss bread and used to makemother me

sugar, too."

"Oh. Who makes your bread a Lot ofnow?

"I do. But it's not the same.See—"and he held up a heavy, Stimulatingdark loaf.

"Golly,"Jerry exclaimed. "It's

as heavy as lead. Whyn't you getmy mother to make your bread, Reading

she'll be glad to."

O)'LAF eyed Jerry suspiciously. Had his mother sent

him there to get his trade? Jerry

met his inquiring gaze with bland frankness. Olaf turned away.

"Well, maybe I will, but I won't If you do not have pay"Aw—Iany storeneverprices."thought of pay,"

Jerry's face reddened. The sun was shining red behind The Improvement Era

dark clouds as Jerry bade Olaf adieu. "Give this to your Mother,"the This Year!

older man mumbled, and handed Jerry a sealed envelope. "Anddon't open it!"Then as an afterYou May Subscribe Any Timethought, "Say—Jerry—if your

mother wants to sell me bread This volume will contain 768 pages in addition to the covers, approxifresh, mind you—every time she mately 120 articles on topics of paramount interest, 30 short stories, 145bakes—tell her I'll give her two poems, between 30 and 40 editorials, 12 reproductions of lovely paintcents a loaf."Jerry looked startled. The amount seemed fabulous ings, photographs of important people and places, and all this in addition

to the M. I. A. messages, the music page, "Glancing Through,"a digestto him—who had to save consistently to acquire fifteen cents for of between 25 and 35 important articles from other magazines.

spending money on the Fourth of In Fact, the 1933 Volume of the Improvement Era Will Have Many

July. Good Things "Well, three cents, then,"Olaf

grumbled. "But they better be

big loaves."the Family "All right, I'll ask her. GoodFor Every Member of

bye. See you bakin'day."

"Don't lose the envelope,"Olaf called. Jerry eyed it curiously, felt The Improvement Era,

it over carefully, there was some47 East South Temple St.,

thing in one corner. Maybe Olaf Salt Lake City, Utah.

was sending money in advance for Gentlemen: Find $2.00 enclosed for which please enter my Subscription.

the bread. But it didn't feel like

money. "Moooo,"this from the cow in a loud disgruntled tone brought Name

Jerry into immediate action, and removed what curiosity he felt Street about the contents of the envelope.

LrfOOK what a lot of City milk she gives,"Jerry exclaimed that evening as he brought a brimState 252 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

ming pail to his mother who was "Received from Olaf Monson, waiting in the corral for him. March 14, 1886, one cow, for

"Yes, she's a fine cow,"his which I will pay $20 (twenty said. dollars) mother when my crops are in next Switch To fall. "Let's call her 'Ring,'Mother.

Lookit—she's got a regular wed- "Signed

AllElectric ding ring on her forehead."Marie

nodded silently, and closed her "Yes, 'Ring'would be a very

Service fingersread, about a penciled note that appropriateand glanced name,"at a gleamingMarie agreedgold band that again marked her mar- "To Christian Larsen riage finger.

As Your Use of Electricity 4&The Valentine Continuedpage from203

Increases, Your Rate it life, be for in sure, topoint of her she and To A valentine!

fourteenth. the a Decreases night peaceable to become was February Tom agreed

She had almost forgotten. It had married couple once more.

been twenty years since she had "I thank you a thousand times received a valentine. Who could for phoning me,"Tom had said

have been so silly as to have sent just before he left. "If you hadn't

to Electric servants will perit—to her—a grown woman? I'd never have had the courage

form many tasks in your She thought over her list of come."

friends talked of have and decided it must had They so many efficiently quickly and home her alone forgotten to that things of all been had Ruth Tom. He

economical they're... and valentine, for the but of acquaintances the thank enough had him

too. little boy in his makeup to have the next morning she took it from

picked out such a one. She wanted its box and pinned it on the wall

Decide now to be free from it to be Tom. The longer she so that Tom should see it when he

unnecessary drudgery by thought about it the surer she bearrived.

it noticed Freddie when that Rankin name came it was The Tom. switching to allelectric sercleaner his he typed been have run her with came to vacuum must

vice. Our representatives portable typewriter and the car she "I see you got a valentine,"he

will be glad to explain fully. had heard driving off must have remarked.

been his little old roadster. "Yes. Lovely, isn't it?"

It was amazing how quickly her 'Think so?"he asked.

dejection could turn into ecstacy "I surely do."

the greatest joy she had ever "I sent it,"he told her proudly.

Phone Us known. Her face glowed and her "Freddie, you didn't!"Ruth

heart seemed to sing with it. Tom was filled with dismay.

still cared, she told herself over and "I sure did. Mother said I

over. He had met her half way ought to, seeing how nice you'd

more than naif way. He had been to us. I got Dad to type your

the so's wouldn't sending you opened the name know by up advances UTAH POWER & off in 'n It writing he drove little valentine. her turn was me

LIGHT CO. to take the next step. What should car after I sent it so's you wouldn'this

she do? find me. Do you really Uke it?"

1 Efficient Public Service After a while she stepped to the "Like it, Freddie—Why,

telephone and called the place think it's the most blessed little where Tom was staying. How valentine in the whole world!"

it seemed to hear his voice BE INDEPENDENT good

No Other Vocation So Profitable 1 again.

care you to come and "Would ENROLL NOW asked A Distressing him. me?"she at the see Course For a Complete

really you want "Do me to?"Disease of Speech eagerness. betrayed his voiceQuisii School of Beauty Culture His Continued from

The Best in the West "Of course."page 241

304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. "I'll be there in half an hour,"

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH he cried. hopes blasted. The opinion it

For Further Information had of the speaker drops to zero and Catalog Call I T was less than half or below. It expects little and

7560 Wasatch therefore reach out to get does not enter on an saw hour when Ruth him

Fill in This it find. felt herself Although his what it might into and swept arms Coupon

in a warm embrace that blotted appears so listless the apology out instantly all memory of past damages the speech, the speaker bitterness. She was never to forget and the audience. It is in reality

that evening, the one great turning a treacherous disease of speech.

The Improvement Era for February, 1933 253 $ The New Leisure: Continued from

page 206....vidual dictatorship. Here is where BEST In Flavor

imaginative leadership, stirred by the right kind of social ideals canhelp to give whole communities a FRESH, Full Strength distinct character and a traditional attitude leisuretime towards purAT choose YOUR Always ROYAL DESSERTS—the hest dessuits insures happiness. which GROCER the market. serts on

A discussion of leisure is not complete without some treatment Royal Quick Setting Gelatin Desserts come in six of the necessity of educating for flavors... always fresh, full strength when you

leisure. Here lies undoubtedly the get them. And they set in about half the iisual

greatest instrument in combating time. Royal Chocolate and Vanilla Puddings are

social decay. The new social order, deliciously homemade in flavor. Made with Arafter making life a succession of rowroot, they're rich in nutrition—ideal for chilSabbaths, must make deliberate efdren. Cooked in just 6 minutes.

forts to prepare for the filling of these days with useful activity.

It must use the educational system for this purpose. This will require a complete rebuilding of ROYAL DESSERTS

the program and at least important changes in the aims and objectives. i:illHHC]|||||||||||IE3llllllllli[IC3IIIIIIIIIIIIC3lillllllllllC3ll!ll!illlllE3lllllllll!!IESUllllIllill[3IIIIIIIIIIIIU

Education must prepare for the making of life rich and enjoyable and not primarily for economic survival. Leisure time skills, attitudes, and appreciations should fc Baby (hicks

issue period from the of schooling. US NOW! WITH ORDERS PLACE YOUR Education should so be 1"headed flocks are and other popular Reds, Rocks breeds. Our For White Leghorns, alluring |=

of that trapnested laid 240 breeding pens hens Birds our by from Male ownthat it becomes one the of most = eggs = this are hatchery Production purchase Bred that chick yon from more. andintriguing leisuretime pursuits of Sj Flock. 3—of are Acclimated. assurance your making money They a Mountain

resting. "will climate are Chicks low Bred—andbeEverylaying They whenpeople. will insure This the procoal, early Special for Discount Distributors placed Cash Brooders,""SolHot onlongation of the period of schoolorders. prices. us for Write low our electric; Feeders. Lincoln Chick or

30 our only ing and will minutes from Remember, extend the prices. for catalog us age of oilWrite and for to brooder. hatchery your warmeducational maturity. In connecthis it let tion with be said that E RAMSHAW HATCHERIES SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH =.="older = 3687 SOUTH STATE ST. people be stimulated must to

return to school—even those benilllllllllllE3IIIIIIIIIIIK3HIIIIIIIHIC3IIIIIIIIIIIIE3l!IIIIIIIIIIC3llll!IIIIIIIE3llllllllllllE3lll!IIIIIIIIC3lllllllllir

yond 50 or 60 years of age.

a profound changeVHAT Salt Lake Gity's Newest Popular Hotel over the teaching must come profession to guarantee the success of such a scheme! Teachers willbecome artists in guiding people HOTEL

through the fascinating realms of knowledge rather than mere schoolmasters driving unwilling minds to TEMPLE memorize unrelated facts for the purpose of winning grades and wearing academic costumes. SQUARE

From education should come the 200 Rooms each with tools with which creative leisure Tile Bath can be designed and given form.

This creative leisure must be Rates evolved from the stuff of man's $1.50 to $4.00

original nature. For example man Radio Connections for

is an instinctive artist. His origEvery Room inal nature would impel him to

spend long hours fashioning maOpposite Great Mormon Temple terial images after his dream imERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager

ages, or telling the stories of his exploits by scratching figures J* mr—w

254 The Improvement Era for February, 1933

upon sand or stone. This form rather permits some expression of

of expression is deeply satisfying. the other instinctive urges mentionGet testsManeverythingis a naturalthatmusician.comes underHe ed Theseabove. are the more or less

his touch to see if it has vibration natural outcomes of an education and musical note. His everyday which is teachercentered, and of

speech is but a modification of teaching methods which are formal FREE song, and when he finds himself and logical. The objectives aimed

alone he often fairly shouts his at have been to equip the student attempt at vocal expression. So for the economic "battle"of life,

too is he an orator and an actor at and to train him to "adjust"to Garden heart, and in his daydreams plays society, rather than to develop himat swaying crowds and strutting self so that he can make a valuable stages, a delightful pastime even contribution towards rebuilding in dreams. life and making it abundant for Book

This book contains 100 pages The natural man is rhythm perhimself and his fellows.

fully illustrated; just brimful sonified. He danced before his

with the information most helpspeech became audible. The song 1HAT can the church do about

ful to every ORCHARDIST, it? reply to this be can The W Farmer GARDENER, and Home beingand instrumentalas timebeatersmusicandcameaccom-into secured discovering the what by Owner.

paniments to the play of his body Church is already doing about it.

It will helpful in your be I. movement. in rhythmic limbs for selecand 193233 A. slogan M. The materials planting of tion your his stories, greeted his if a reached, goal which, He told sets up this Spring. for

friends, threatened his enemies, rewill bring about the condition

WRITE FOR YOUR COPY hearsed his exploits, made love and sought. "We Stand for the EnNOW marriage, cured himself of his ills, richment of Life Through the

(Mention the "Era"and it will be appeased his Gods, and gave NaCreative Use of Leisure and Permailed Free) ture meaning in the dance and sonal Service to Fellow Man."No

dramatic pantomime. slogan has ever been adopted which

PORTERWALTOM CO. has been more significant and more

Seed and Nursery Specialists A/TAN is instinctively a historian timely.

Salt Lake City, Utah and a lover of history. For The leisuretime program of the

l0t.!0 ages the children of the race sat at Mormon church is the "talk of the

the feet of storytellers and mintown"at present among the counstrels listening to the tales of their try's recreation leaders. It is not

also proved itself in action. A Famous Overall ancestorsnation theandlivesrelivingof those whoin imagiwere hasonly excellent "on paper,"but it

fathers of their race. They did not The recreation institutes conducted

Made Better Still! require any artificial kind of stimby the church this year in and

ulation to learn their own history. around Los Angeles, at least, have

NOW THAT Just so deeply set in the tissue done immeasurable good. Through

of the human soul are the urges to these institutes and the ward, stake

Mountaineer explore,to hunt, totowander,fish, toto pantomimeinvestigate, andthem,homethe activitieschurch hasgrowingpresentedout ofto the exploits of the tribe in fighting its membership an offering in

OVERALLS games,the playto ofplaychance,at magic,to testto winds,watch beleisuretimedeeply pursuitsappreciatedwhichby shouldevery water, and earth and to pierce the man, woman, and child within its

Are Equipped With skies; to get behind Nature and fold.

discover its deeper reality; to deLet every day become Sunday if

termine the destiny of man, to the future economic order demands.

challenge the Gods, and to destroy The Latterday Saints ought to be life and rebuild it according to the well prepared to make wholesome their use leisure. All of promised desire. heart's J&ftJsP*POCKETS their leadership. to glory these are the "stuffs"out of Yes,

exclusive, new, feature patented The the that of which life and leisure are made. has aroused enthusiasm

workmen everywhere. Saves time, The school can, and too often does,

saves tools and valuable—and saves kill them before they find legitiOcean Moods

temper. mate outlet. In all too many inBy Jean McCaleb

formalizes the stances school and Cost More! They No You

is the ocean artistic QOMETIMES expression; makes deadens

*-* dress, in a gray Clad prim for Mountaineer Dealer Your Ask dramatic hateful; and music warps

is lacy kissed throat Her by Suits Overalls and Work mist—a dame, sysart oratorical into mechanical caress. soft to soothe Cloudmist, with

StopLoss Equipped With the a death tems; gives dance blow

Pockets through meaningless "techniques,"Sometimes the ocean is a minx, free; lashing greeneyed fury In in Salt Lake Manufactured into history shapes set forms; City and

she drives waves white foam, whipped Factory Clothing by Z. C. M. I. to and In wars an ugly monument home,

kings; and grudgingly gives or To pound the white sands savagely.

The Improvement Era for February, 1933 255

fromAn Evolving Universe Continuedpage 209 so peculiar, so uniform their in all beand are believed to be so; partly two million nebulae lie within this havior, and "similar so to one analso because they often are found distance.

other that we can estimate the to have a thick central projection, distance of the nebular from the corresponding to the hub of the finds that these apparent faintness of these stars. wheel, while the rest of their struc- J)R. HUBBLE

Dr. Hubble of the Carnegie Institure is flat. are fairly uniformly spaced at

tution Observatory at Mt. Wilson, These rotating nebulae are not an average distance of about 1,-

has found it to be at such a disalone in space. There are neigh800,000 lightyears apart. To

tance that its light takes about bors, and these will raise tides on construct a model, we may take tons of 300 years 800,000 apples to reach us. and space them its surface just as the sun and moon

1 at about It is found that apart, yards the greater thus filling numraise tides the surface on of the ber of these star systems can be rotating earth. Wherever the a sphere of about a mile diameter.

arranged in a single sequence. At neighbors are, there will always This sphere is the range of vision

one end of the sequence are nebulae be two points of high tide antipodof the 100inch telescope; each apconsisting solely of round fuzzy ally opposite to one another, and apple is a nebula containing matter

masses, in which no stars are visible two points of low tide intermeenough for the creation of several even in thousand the million stars most telelike powerful our diate between the two points of scope, sun; at while and each the other extreme atom in each apple tide. high

end we have clouds of stars such It is possible to estimate the disis the size of a solar system with a to, or slightly as our own system. tances of all nebulae, even the very diameter equal

faintest, with fair accuracy; their larger, than that of the earth's

orbit. IKE our own system of stars, faintness gives a measure of their

these nebulae are flat generally distance. faintest The which can the Thus arrangement of the in shape. The comparison the of be observed photographically in nebulae in space reproduces an oncartwheel remains quite a good one the 1 00inch telescope prove to be incomparably grander scale the unibecause these of many at the amazing distance—partly of about form spacing of the stars in ournebulae are to be rotating known 140,000,000 lightyears. Some System.

Like having

motor cars 'PeP 88 And a flash! start* excessive No * choking fl mea?smeans Extra ''totrtS***?to gasoline speed, marvelous no sputtering or stalling'Tust drive at L smoothness,.. more mdes. per gallon '88 economy! Pep servife station fa? winter's h?Jsonlin

Manufactured and Guaranteed by

Utah Oil Refining Co.

Salt Lake /City MrJtmJL Winter's HOTTESTCpGasolineCp

Vj3Lg JJWW JOJMvdcOwWx.

OF INTEREST TO AUTHORS of the Era's ambition is to develop writers. If you are not now

writing poetry, we are not interested in your poetry, as we have just passed through a minor engagement in which have one hundred or more young men and women who are WE two of our highly esteemed writers were the chief parstraining their hearts out in attempting to write something ticipants. We did a little bombarding and we hope that the printable. They are the ones we wish to encourage."

battle has resulted in good for all. We were all battling to Perhaps that is sufficient. Writers, we thought this conmake the world safe for honest writers. This is how it came troversy, or as much of it as we have given here, might help

about: the writing game you all—us

it clear: Some time ago we published a short poem on our poetry Once all—andlet us make more We inwantgeneral.NO reprints unpage. As soon as that number of the magazine got out, in came less they are clearly marked as reprints. We publish very few,

a long letter in which one of our highly esteemed writers made if we know it, and those we clearly mark as such.

the statement that the lines were so much like the lines of a We hope writers everywhere will watch this and other poem which she had published in an eastern magazine that magazines for plagarized material. That is the only way that

undoubtedly her work had been stolen. In her letter she inliterary thievery can be stopped.

closed her poem. Really when we compared the two, the case And in regard to the two writers involved here we wish to

seemed, on the face of it, clear. There were just two reasons say that we welcome their contributions and believe fully in

why we doubted if any thievery had been done: one was that the integrity of both. Both have submitted material since this

the person accused was and is a person of good reputation; the controversy which we have gladly accepted for publication.

other was that we were certain we had seen and used the poem in lectures before the accuser's poem was printed even though we had never seen it in print it having come to our attention through a mutual friend. OUR POETS THIS MONTH

At that stage in the controversy we may have been guilty of an indiscretion. We forwarded the accusing letter to the perdo not happen to be personally acquainted with many son accused. The accused immediately registered a protest by WEof our poets who appear this month but we can give

means of a registered letter and produced evidence or said he their addresses. Estelle Webb Thomas is fairly well known to

could produce evidence which would prove definitely that his Era readers. She is from Pinedale, Arizona, and is author of

poem was in print in a newspaper two or three years before the "Amigo"and other stories we have printed; Miranda Walton

accuser's poem was printed in the nationally circulated magaddresses us from Woodruff, Utah, a town which gained the azine, which, by the way, the accused said he had never seen reputation of being the coldest in the United States during except back in 1927, before the accuser's poem was printed. our recent cold spell; Beulah Rose Stevens lives in Atlanta,

Upon receipt of the accused's letter, the accuser acknowlGeorgia; Carlton Culmsee is now living in Provo, Utah, and

edged that a mistake had been made, but fire was struck when has had a number of things in our magazine; Elsie Chamberthe accused brought a counter accusation against the accuser lain Carroll needs no introduction to readers of Church

which the accuser promptly and emphatically denied. In a publications. She writes a great deal and in her spare

paragraph the accuser says: "The writing game was never moments teaches English at Brigham Young University.

more difficult than it is now. Every so often I come across Watene Makaia is a New Zealander residing at Hawks Bay,

some of my work which has been taken actually line for line, North Island, New Zealand. Bess Foster Smith, Weiser,

even from such widely circulated magazines as Good HouseIdaho, has been introduced before. Lulu Greene Richards

keeping, and somehow disposed of as some one's else* original is mother of Lee Greene Richards, artist, whose beautiful material. It is a source of great annoyance from which we who painting was reproduced in the December number. Carol

strive to turn out honest stuff cannot escape, it seems. Then J. Black lives in Salt Lake City and Grace Watson in Idaho

when we get to the end of patience, we let that annoyance get Falls, Idaho. Florence Hartman Townsend resides in Texas.

case with the find, as in to the upper hand—only

making that annoyance by we've compounded another mistake,, magazine.She has writtenDixiea numberFoster livesof storiesin Cedaras wellCity,as Utah.poems forAll theof

as I seem to have made."these may not appear in the February number, but all will

Now we think no mistake has been made. The poems were appear in the very near future.

enough alike to warrant some sort of protest. We're glad the

protest was made even though we entirely absolve the accused of plagarism and declare that though the coincidence seems a feeling however, have impossible, it has occurred. We still, been SHE TOOK UP OUR CHALLENGE had in that that the accused was to blame his poem

published before he sent it to us. Furthermore, along with it, "Hyrum, Utah.

published. been previously had which other in poems he encouragor sponsoring, in pleasure find perchance, you IF, that times do not these we in pages reiterated many have Wesent to a publish find will writers, here poem you ing amateur

the it plainly if making without reprint a publish know we I the read and Era magazine. of small corner your in some

publish ever fact, rarely is reprint. it a In we that statement Israelsen."Sincerely, Viola A. you. it deeply. enjoy Thank

all. at reprints any 's follows: Israelsen Miss poem

The accused says in his letter in speaking of a poem which printed has yet been not but for publication which kept we CANYON don't to use in "It want it on Era: you Improvement The

that account, I will feel all right to have you send it back, Castled rock cliffs mirrored in the stream.

although I don't see why its being used in a newspaper that Bordered with pine trees, cool and green,—

far back should make it of no value now. Hundreds of poems

have been published numerous times, and in many different Gay, laughing sunshine, flooding it all, publications."Shy shadows hiding under cliff wall,

In answer to that statement of his we wrote: "In regard

a rock, material to has already been published, say which Sly we wish to trout—-a big one—under

fly strenuously that I, trying hok, to having to tempt us anything submitted to him with a we object published that has matter been or where, when that attention unless is elsewhere—nocalled to the fact so Sweet birds a-singing all around me, it has our been

published. * * * If we cared to reprint material, we could go Joy, what a happy old world this can be!

back and get a few Shakespearean sonnets or some of Longfellow's poems, which probably would be pretty good. Part There it is, Miss Israelsen. Now what do you think of it?

Lion House Social Center for Girls and Women A PLACE to work and a place to play. A place to meet

friends in delightful social intercourse. your A place of Privileges 0/4vto follow in which has that interest or hobby which Membership long been calling you. A cheerful, heartwarming, "homey"

home which will make you want to come and come again. In Usewhereof youlunchmayroombring accommodationsyour lunch and

joining one of the happy groups who gather here, your oprest during the noonday period.

portunity for complete living will be enlarged. Use of rest room accommodations.

Use of reading room. MEMBERSHIP—

The fee for membership in the Lion House Center is Use of sewing machine.

$1.00 a year, or if you wish to pay month by month, 10 cents Participation in weekly events, such as:

a month. Book Reviews

PATRONS WHO LIVE OUT OF TOWN—CommunityStory TellingSingingHour

Girls and women living outside of Salt Lake City are Social Games urged to take advantage of the monthly membership plan. Opportunity to receive instructions in

Marie LederThe Lion House is a pleasant place to rest between shopping man.Art Needle Work—Mrs.

trips or preceding evening engagements. Opportunity to receive instruction in

First Elsie HoAid—6 lessons—Miss

gan. COURSES FOR WHICH FEES EXTRA ARE CHARGED cost (Probable of Red Cross Manual

75c) and bandages Dressmaking, Nutrition, Foods and Conversational

English, Arts and Crafts, Magazine Writing, Wood Cafeteria—Thisbers who have ispaidopenthe onlyannualto feememof Flowers, Fiber Applied Arts, Woodcraft.

$1.00.

Send all inquiries and applications to our hostess Opportunity to rent parlor or recreation

Mrs. Martha G. Smith, Lion House, 63 East South Temple, parties.room for dancing or other social

Salt Lake City, Utah. Phone W. 7878

Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Association wiSfF -

LifeMsimmce\

..iv.:::.:.,:;-;..;..:i.; --'"i.BENEFICIAL!

INDEPENDENCE

PEACE OF MIND $AFETY PROTECTION HAPPINESS WISDOM

DESPAIR DETOUR FEAR W DANGER W >"A GAMBLE WORRYM

* \fc % * v t ';\ x\ V* A * \ <\ >; o

IF YOU CANT SAVE TO BUY INSURANCE—BUY INSURANCE TO SAVE

LIFETHE TWO HIGHWAYS OF

IN 1 933 CHOOSE THE SAFE, SANE KEEP TO THE UPPER ROAD FOR

ROAD TO INDEPENDENCE—SUCCESS—DON'T BE MISLED BY

THE BRIGHT LIGHTS AND THE THAT BROAD HIGHWAY KNOWN EASY DOWN GRADE OF OTHER AS THE BENEFICIAL ROAD OR ROUTES. PASS UP WORRY, ESTATE ROUTE NO. I, COMDANGER AND DESPAIR BY SECURMENCES WITH A BENEFICIAL LIFE ING A BENEFICIAL SAVINGSPOLICY, WHICH IS WISDOM. INVESTMENT POLICY. THE ONE

PEACE OF MIND FOLLOWS WITH INVESTMENT THAT HAS STOOD

SAFETY AHEAD; YOU'LL ENJOY THE ACID TEST—MAINTAINED A

PROTECTION AND HAPPINESS VALUE OF I00 CENTS ON THE

RIGHT ON TO INDEPENDENCE. DOLLAR—PAYABLE ON DEMAND.

<Jhe BIG HOME COMPANY BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO DIRECTORS HOME OFFICE: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH DIRECTORS

J. PRESIDENT HEBER GRANT, J. GEO. Vice President 2nd CANNON. E. T. RALPHS A. ivins, w. 1st Vice President B. A. SECRETARY OHLSON,

F. JOS. SMITH General F. B. Manager GRANTC.

DAVID O. MCKAY