? Im p rouem ent Era

ik; 'j

rf... and durationize

your gas water heater

xl<-OT water? Simple! Just turn the faucet and

there it is. But wait. Remember the source—localBut troublewater conditions.may arise through Retardedold flowage, ofbreakagehot wateror

your faithful gas water heater. It may have to out- 1*1% may indicate sediment, lime deposits,

last the war. How old is it? What is its condi- f F*?C5u corrosion or improper burner operaor steaming boiling Excessive tion. it Better check last "serviced?"tion? was When

* I is out the "control"that usually means offers i—of the Industryup! West Gas The

these friendly suggestions on durationizing: of order. Leaks in heater or pipes should be repaired

immediately.

PREVENTION your Have OF OUNCE—personal for usage normal Encourage SAVE—GAS

inspected and once heater water now, waste of hot avoid but cleanliness, and household prevent year. can an expert Often each promptly. faucets fuel. dripping Repair water and * the cleaning services as inexpensive trouble by such

burner, checking pilot light, adjusting thermostat, tightening connections, draining and flushing the NEW APPLIANCES—If your water heater

tank. But... is aged or damaged beyond repair, you

may be able to buy a new one. Ask your

latest governabout plumberdealer

THE CALL COMPANY GAS DO NOT fT\ -jm PLEASE for contract his service also about regulations; Its ment necessary. absolutely—unless

a inspection—good investment. periodic

is severely rationed and truck mileage many of its trained men have gone to war. Therefore, call an authorized plumber instead; NEXT MONTH—How to durationize your gas refrigor the manufacturer, if nearby. * Save time by examerator, with wartime hints on owner care.

ining your appliance. Ascertain, if possible, its make,

model and capacity, and the name of the plumberdealer who installed it. Iluy more, and

morel], S. War SIGNS OF TROUBLE—Few mechanisms are as longBonds lived and serviceable as a wellmade gas water heater.

WONDER mi 7 MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLYCOM P AN Y

Serving Twentythree Utah Communities

Sales offices in Salt Lake City, Ogden and Provo

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

HPhe goldbanded skipper, a butterfly, passes through seven stages with six radical changes in its life, from the almost microscopic egg, through wormhood to the adult flying insect. In each

stage it has its own peculiar structure, color, and way of life.

An airplane pilot's teeth may "black "out"as well as his brain when he pulls out of a power dive. The blood

may be forced out of the teeth by the high centrifugal force and permanent damage may result to the teeth because there is not as satisfactory a means of getting blood back into the pulp of the teeth as there is to the brain.

A summaryStine, of recentby Dr.paradoxicalCharles M.devel-A.

includes: in science glassopments

that Clip and Send Today \( PutyPleaseBiscuitsendCo..mySalt FREELake copy of Cartoon float,is unbreakable, glass that will

wood that won't burn, shoes with no I ( Cookery."

leather, machinery bearings without ) Name metal, and window screens without Free Recipe Book | ** wire. ( City State

"D utter for the tropics, without refrigeration, can be made by making an emulsion of water, butter oil, and skim milk powder, then by pouring slowly into cold butter water granules to form intowhich regular but- n can be worked ter. *****/Coloring cement orange is reported FOR A to reduce by forty percent the reflection of light from headlights and thesun. Colored roads, because of conBRBAKfAST

trast, are also easier to follow.

A N invisible protective film can be applied in a greaseless cream to a worker's hands, arms, and nails to protect from dirt and irritating substances.

The cream can be washed off with water at the end of the day, carrying the grime with it.

/astor oil will be playing a new part. for mankind by joining with an

equal amount of ethyl cellulose to be made into a new plastic to replace rubber in many uses. Though it is not

as elastic as rubber, for use in gloves, Start tihe day right with a hot and hearty breakfast of hose,garden uses, washers, other and that sure to They're Pancakes. Globe "Al"be a hit—with

plastic is just as good, and the new flavor. buttermilk lightness It's easy in tender and richsome to ways better. turn out stacks of A-l pancakes... just add water or milk *f*#* 4 to the readymixed batter—and flippety flap they're on the

slight are in color changesHPhere of table. And for variety—try Globe "Al"Buckwheat Pancake

parts various of the moon. W. H. tool Flour,

Haas proposes that the colors and their changes are due, at least in part, to chemical effects caused by the influence PANCAKE & WAFFLE FLOUR {Concluded on page 772) CLOBE "Al"

7lmprooementEra "The Glory of God is Intelligence'

DECEMBER, 1942 Heber J. Grant,

Richard L. Evans,

'THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH'Managing Editor

Marba C. Josephson, OFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ORGAN OF THE Associate Editor ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

MENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD George Q. Morris, General Mgr.

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH Lucy G. Cannon, Associate Mgr.

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. J. K. Orton, Business Mgr.

JhsL dil&iL (paqsL Personal and Family Prayer Heber J, Grant 779

tfAuAcJL J>liuA&A.

The Resurrection Joseph Fielding Smith 780 C Joseph Smith's Statecraft G. Homer Durham 782 (bo IJ01JL JilWWUnited Orders William R, Palmer 788 What discoveries have recently

Evidences and Reconciliations: LX.—Should Birth Control been made at Tula? 773

Be Practiced? John A. Widtsoe 801 Thequestionsanswer toconcerningcertain oftrepeatedthe resurGenealogy: Genealogical DeMusic: New Projects for Church rection? 780

scent, Frederic 794 Musicians, Alexander Schrein- J. Haskin

er Department of Education: Re815 WhydateJosephfor theSmithpresidencybecame a ofcandithe

ligion in Public Schools, M. Mutual Messages: United States? 782

—795 Executives Bennion Lynn years soldier of twentyfive a 816 What -818 Interest Special the....797 to say to have might ago Church The Moves On 818 MenGleaners M soldier 786 today?. Priesthood: Melchizedek 808 Explorers -819

The Work of the Seventy....810 Juniors - 819 How to interpret the early proclamations on the United Or- 8 Aaronic 1. Scouts 819

788 81 der? 814 BeeHive Girls Ward Teaching

Who published the "California SpsudoL J'SwduA&A, firstStar,"newspapers?one of San Francisco's 793

The Citadel Within Hugh B. Brown 786 Tobeenwhatresponsibleextent sectarianismfor taking hasreSam Brannan and the Mormons in Early California—Part III ligion out of the schools? 795

Paul Bailey 792 Whether birth control should be

Religion in Public Schools M* Lynn Bennion 795 practiced? 801

recipes for a cheertempting Some Exploring the Universe, Frank- I Remember, Monroe Whitful 803 Christmas?

.....802 769 lin S. Harris ing

Leaderabout the Boy Anything Telefacts 772 Hints 802 Handy inaubeing ship program now Discoveries at Tula, Is ImporCharles E. Scrap Your Why 813 gurated? tant, 802 Crosby 773 R. A. Dibble

Studentville, Iola Embry—774 Cooks'Corner, Josephine B. How recordings are being used to

Christmas, a Peace from All Nichols 803 teach ward choirs new music? -—815

Nations, Albert L. Zobell, Jr...778 Bible Questions 805

On the Book Rack 796 Index to Advertisers 826 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Homing Use: For,This CalvinThing T.I HaveRyan.802No Your Page and Ours 832 50 North Main Street,OFFICES:Salt Lake City, Utah.

Copyright 1942 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Men's Mutual ImprovefcdibfujcdA, ofmentLatterdayAssociationSaints.of theAllChurchrights reserved.of fesus ChristSubscription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; 20c

"This Too Shall Pass"Richard L. Evans 800 singleEnteredcopy.at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

Religion on Trial Richard L. Evans 800 Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

Christmas, 1942.* Marba C. Josephson 800 mailingfor in sectionat special1103.rateActof ofpostageOctober.provided1917,

authorized July 2, 1918.

conunsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes StoihA., fiosd/u, Qjwamo&uL (Pu$$1sl fortributions.The Improvement Era is not responsible accompanied manuscripts must All be

No Present for Ann Blanche Kendall McKey 784 by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

ADVERTISING NATIONAL Seegmiller 791 Trail William The W. REPRESENTATIVES

Frontispiece: Friday Poetry in Jeru790 Page A Salt City: Francis Lake M. Mayc salem, Willes Days, Christmas Seeg-: WangsEva W. W. S. Francisco: San Townsend Edward miller gaard 777 807

Bolle Chicago: and Dougan....830 Scriptural Pratt 786 Sons, Puzzle Zenor Grace Crossword

Bolle York: and Dougan New

JhsL fovsUi. MEMBER OFCIRCULATIONSTHE AUDIT BUREAU OF

it FOR of such is the Kingdom of Heaven."Christmas lives in the hearts of children

spirit birth will see the of yet happier the world days when Him whose—and

in live the will the This A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY hearts over. world and commemorates of men this day women

heartwarming cover subject is the work of CobbShinn. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Doctor Spec. When Your

CARR 1 STRAINED

For your baby's sake, taste his food—yourself! See why so many women praise the

flavor, color and texture of Heinz Baby Foods!

taste foods all baby YOU think

IF alike, surprise a big you have in store the first time you sample readyto-serve Heinz Strained Foods! They have a delightful

fieldfresh flavor, a satinsmooth, fullbodied texture and an inviting natural color mothers everywhere comment on enthusiastically!

Rushed From Fields To Kitchens X Carefully And Constantly Tested be L- foods strained must Because in J cooking vacuumpacking and Scientific fineuniformly to fresh bepacked also tins retain vitamins to enamellined serve imnutritive, highly ourflavored and tests in degree. minerals high constant and And located are kitchensmaculate modern

in the midst of the nation's best growby Heinz Quality Control Department make ing regions. Thus vegetables can be certain of this uniform nutritive content. Order

harvested at their flavorful prime readyto-serve Heinz Strained Foods—give baby

and packed within a few hours! the foods he needs and enjoys!

17 Strained Foods From Which To Choose 1. Vegetable Soup with Cereals and 8. Peas. 9- Beets. 10. Green Beans.

Yeast Concentrate. 2. Beef and Liver 11. Carrots. 12. Asparagus. 13. Mixed

Soup. 3. Tomato Soup. 4. Beef Broth Cereal. 14. Prunes with Lemon Juice.

with Beef and Barley. 5. Vegetables 15. Pears and Pineapple. 16. Apricots

and Lamb. 6. Mixed Greens. 7. Spinach. and Apple Sauce. 1 7. Apple Sauce.

12 Mildly Seasoned, Highly Nutritive Junior Foods—Chopped

Food Combinations Prepared To Carefully Formulated Recipes and Designed For StrainedFood Graduates 1. Creamed Diced Vegetables. 2. Chopridge. 7. Chopped Carrots. 8. Chopped Green Beans. 3. Creamed Green ped Mixed Vegetables. 9. Lamb

Vegetables. 4. Creamed Tomato and Liver Stew. 10. Pineapple Rice

and Rice. 5. Chopped Spinach. Pudding. 11. Prune Pudding. 12. Ap-

6. Chicken Farina Vegetable Porple, Fig and Date Dessert. Chopped'

, MIXED ArVEGETABLESrfiVTOK Glioses j IV THESE TWO SEALS Baby Foods MEAN PROTECTION HEINZ FOR BABY

.

P'CIOGRAPH CORPORATION SCIENCE SERVICE 7.10.2 TELE FACT

S. HOW LINT COTTON IS USED IN THE U.

FOR HOUSEHOLD FOR CLOTHING ARTICLES FOR INDUSTRY

Each bole represents 10% of cotton consumed

Exploring the Universe rTTHE* gressRussiansin mendinghave madeinjuredgreatnerves.pro-

(Concluded from page 769) A destroyed nerve of four inches in a woman's arm, leaving a useless hand and of the sun's light and heat on the surcrooked blue fingers, was made good as faces of the moon's rocks. new by Professor P. K. Anokhin by

bridging the gap with a dog's sciatic

A shark's liver produces from two to nerve.

** twentyfive gallons of oil particuin vitamins rich larly A and D. Shark TThe is oil largely liver replacing Norwegian A parasiticeggs ofworm,the Ascaris,could astandcommonthe oil. cod liver

crushing pull of gravity on a planet

HPooth decay may be reduced by takwithout800,000 beingtimes killed.larger Teststhan onthetheearth,eggs

ing synthetic vitamin K in sugar made by whirling them in a centrifuge candy or chewing gum according to at terrific speeds did not kill the eggs.

work at Northwestern University Dental School. The antitooth-decay acseparated hormone was prevention A lactation of acid tion from the comes ** *4 P of first It in 1933. is capable for responsible tooth decay. believed m

; to sufficient restoring milk quickly 4 mi

A lack of proper vitamins can cause mothers.

MAGIC **"as it losscausesof colorloss ofincolorfeathersin hair,the itsamehas A molecule of hydrogen in a gas has ON A CLOTH been found at the University of Cali- "a speed of almost a mile a second,

Cleans painted fornia. Chickens fed a diet without but since it collides with other hydrogen

a billion times second, ten a molecules vitamin acid of the pantothenic B group walls and of results in the diffusion zigzag distorted path colorless, often like dusting developed woodwork will fast smell the gas. a of insufficient move feathers; with amounts How

NO WATER NO RINSING the vitamin they developed colored across a quiet room, is comparatively

NO DRYING feathers, but with marred appearance. slow.

I raDasr-V SOILOFF TELEFACT FEWER CHILDREN per 1000 women (20 to 44 yeors old)

J For Wit 0vors

/Utah Famous?

Answer On Page 824 1900 /& Jul BiMim.MJk

.. we orrER A COMPLETE

ENGRAVING SERVICE 1940 From Missionary Portraits to the Largest (EST.)

Catalogues Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. Each symbol represents 100 children under 5 yeors

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah Pid ograpb Corporation for McCLURE NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE 10.28.4?

AT TULA

By CHARLES E. DIBBLE

Roosevelt Fellow, Institute of

International Education ToTollanthe ancienthad a Mexicans,variety ofTulameanor ings: "The Place of Tules,"the

capital of the Toltecs, and, finally, the word was used to connote any large city; thus, TollanChololan ( Cholula )

TollanTeotihuacan.

Get a FREE Farm Commando emblem for every machine inspected and approved by your

AllisChalmers dealer. Watch for

his Farm Commando school, in charge of factorytrained experts.

High school ag classes, county

HIP AREA OF STATUE. CIRCULAR DECORATION and local officials are welcome!

WAS WORN ACROSS THE SMALL OF THE BACK.

legs giant statue ago the of a Years discovered the presentwere near town STANDING BY YOU...

of Tula, Hidalgo. The mammoth size

of the stones was definitely not in harmony with the apparent archeological WAY/poverty of the zone. During the last AllWE

three years Mexican archeologists have explored and mapped a large archeological site above the town of Tula. has the watchful eye, the keen concern of a doctor for his patients.

ball pyramids, courts,Truncated inHEHis fingers, black with grease perhaps, are sensitive to the pulse beat statuesscriptions and have mammoth been uncovered. of farm machinery in his care. For well does your implement dealer know

Two statues, representing two of the that the food supply for hundreds of men may depend on his skill in pretallest monoliths thus far discovered in paring your equipment for the grueling months ahead.

There is only one thing he fears. What will happen if you put off reconditioning till spring... if you wait for breakdowns in the field to order

repairs? The waiting list may be long by that time, while the weeds choke

out your crop.

Have all your equipment checked over now, he suggests. Today is not

too soon! Every AllisChalmers machine judged "Ready to Roll...—

qualifies for the redwhite-andblue FARM COMMANDO eagle.

Your AllisChalmers dealer takes special pride in the equipment he has particularly sold, a reason oldtimers. the For

s [to bitter,—Living USb*sm8m fitting his heart, cl se to painstakingly he is them

jTOBmfAM.Wo> ijggfim for tne task ahead.

THIS BLOCK FORMS NECK PENDANT (TYPICALLY l ITS VICT OR Y>f TURNSCRAPIN YOUR

MAYAN) OF THE GIANT MONOLITH.

Mexico, have come to light. They were

originally made in large blocks, laterto be assembled to form the complete flUIS CHfllMERS figure. The figures measure fifteen feet

from head to foot. The mechanical

difficulty which the assembly of these sections of enormous weight is presenting, increases our esteem of the engineering knowledge of the aborigines.

The present work at Tula reveals decorative traits almost identical with the Maya of ChichenItza. Furthermore, the zone promises to approach

the importance given to Tula in ancient native traditions.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

wwmwmzmm By IOLA EMBRY 1 STUDENTVILLE 1 who are nearly all Church workers at am thrilled about these youngsters home.

all that and I the they have, courage Studentville's ambitious of Many little that they had the have very plant to residents stay all summer. They

telling tire about of with. I never do all the vegetables gardens and grow them.

i I see many of them occasionally they eat, and many for canning. The

college or at the wherever men work to tell stop they always me... and

something. Stayerson they can find nearly everythemselves. CABBY GUS about They

delays U. S. oneor perhaps, will say, "We"We havehave anothera baby now,"baby thishospitalsummerbeingfoundbuilt workat Brighamat the City.new

job, Let's has Break Bottlenecks husband now."a good "My forth each rode back and day They

that are oh, glad we and how we at Stops Bus shifts. tenhour and worked

it finished."until out he stuck

fellow met who him—the resiStudentville prospective In 1939 give but can do anyone What I You'vetries to 10minute squeeze in a

call telephone all rest at outfits. 5-minute that dents a sorts of youngsters with thanks such have came we

stop. In like these, times such that this in world? can say who And single hitchmostly, the Some, boys out. delays are Fighting and men find will not these youngsters same their a hiked. brought summer They workers time. must war be on

sick this to old world make way Buses have slowed been down fields, in wages, sheep earned beet last? at straight to save time means tires—that in camps, camps, variety a and CCC must not at stops, Sincerely, be wasted bus

the promise with came Many are schedules maintained. >3 if

at the college, Iola Embry. of with some work of NYAways. Travel Only Necessary When the the of milk check promise from

Be On Time—Take One Suitcase home, some with faithful little wives

their that so working husbands new is built main- a lot on get could school. did through They AgriState the Utah tained by union pacific Studentville in clerked department housework, There, cultural College in Logan.

stores, at the college, cleaned worked small themselves students build can a STAGES cafeteria, lessons, in the music gave for the cottage, or a trailer, and live park very small rental of one dollar a month, taught school.

including water. Lights are extra, but The year 1942 has told a different

at a very low rate. story. All have had good paying jobs

all with and came enough summer city, tiny Studentville with is really a their tuition to "plank"money down is dicouncilors. and 'W-:'::--.x-.:.:.x,.... mayor town The in that advance. are proud they They

districts, representatives into vided help. for college the not to ask have do

from each meeting once a week. All But they will have no more leisure

expenses are shared. They buy eggs time. Everyone is taking every hour

by the case, for instance, and share of college credit that he can, so that their cost. at walks them They gravel finish joining the before can he armed

clean. the "streets"keep and Nearly w m forces. eight are There boys were who beof these people young one every in in here the service are 1939 who

It is the to of longs Church. a town in are defense now, and more many

habits. clean

fitted. for they are which work Two

At present they are building a comof the eight are officers.

equipped with munity center, to be spirit that piothe of the says Who facilities family for the and visit neers Let is dead? Studentthem

ironing. will also YOURldc VISITdoublyncn,oy.be showerswashing and Here ville will the that and understand they

it. will as the This considerably help this build to hardships through inland SES be a study room, if they can manage same thing which brought the pioneers of are small. cottages Residents very in still alive these empire is pionew

Studentville foster community spirit by neers of learning. These dauntless

publishing paper. a weekly to youngsters have the courage who

little "oudoU spend over half of perhaps Half or train themselves hardship under will be or save. these people are young married couples, tomorrow's leaders.

of baby, with a them with some many

S50.000 NtW girls families. all larger belong The SHOP COFFEE International to the the and Dames,

men participate in the intramural games as a unit. The girls also have a

bimonthly social gathering. Nearly

all of them register for classes at the

L.D.S. Institute of Religion, where they

find opportunity for culture and can participate in social activities. They

arrange classes at different times of the day so that they can take turns caring

Hold Temple Square for each other's children. Twice a

month the young married couples take

ScdL 3UiksL Citypart in regular temple excursions with

Delta Phi missionary fraternity.

CLARENCE I. WEST FKS

Manager The Tenth Ward, which is closest to them, benefits from these youngsters,

"Oh Tom, if you'd only fixed it last fall we wouldn't be in this hx now!"

Next spring, when every working machine will be worth its weight in gold, DON'T be caught unprepared. This winter every

farm equipment dealer will be swamped with service work.

Pledge your working tools to Victory by signing up with your implement dealer now. Get in

line—to make sure that every

machine and tool you have is ready for its job in 1943.

Stick to Your FARM EQUIPMENT Dealer Touch!RepairMWX1E&

line in its use on Get the with him. needs time your himself kid can about when maximum

that so can your his order machines you that comes. NOW, year books—up. is coming Go overNOtheMANnew

It will be a hard year—tough and while all your needs are fresh in count on getting the parts and be

dangerous for the Armed Forces—mind. List the worn parts; itemize certain that all repair work is done

tough to work out here at home. the work needed; check up on all when the season opens.

Every farmer wants to make good service weaknesses in your tractor, It will be the heaviest farm service in a bigproduction year for Agriculmachines, and tools; put 'workable, winter in history. Thousands of foreture. His own livelihood demands discarded implements back on the handed farmers are already beating

it, and the life of the nation is at job. Dedicate your equipmentpaths to the service shops of the men

stake. He knows that manpower will Pledged to Victory! who know how. They are easing

be short beyond all past experience. The first step to take is to Sign Up their minds on the prime essential

He knows that new machines will with your experienced FARM EQUIPto next year's operations.

be very scarce and hard to get. MENT Dealer. He is fully qualified to The least, and the first, thing you

What can he do to pre-—————-—-—-—-—put the best possible percan do is to consult your farm

pare? What can YOU do The Equipment formance back on your equipment Dealer. His job is Servthat's what counts, the on this Farm fields. He knows each opice for the duration, and firstcome

nation over Pledged to eration and adjustment, firstserved!

the the for pracaddress Write below has the tools and the practical most The Farm. Equipment "Your VICTORY he

It of Care. and tical—Takebooklet Make It Do!"expert knowledge. that Hething can do is you

parts the you will have piece if to of your put every this 11 sign, Post x 14inch Harvester International Company at patriotic your Illinois. Avenue, Chicago, North Michigan 180 time...Talk over in give him shapeequipment gate. Getcolors, it from your for farmin

McCormick - Deering dealer.

NAI HARVES

.. *.

IHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

BUY WAR BONDS AND STAMPS

C. R. Holden's specialty is spuds—the big,

smooth, perfectfor-baking Russets that are

Idaho's pride. On 300 acres near Idah6

Falls Mr. Holden last year grew 120,000

bushels of potatoes. He's shooting now for

a 10% increase—cultivating newly cleared

sagebrush land, planting some of his alfalfa rotation acreage to potatoes, and working 2 big tractors round the clock. The

Holdens ship potatoes for some of their neighbor growers. Last year they handled

between 1200 and 1300 carloads

BATTLE OF THE BIG

BAKED POTATO It's a farm production battle which America can and mill win,

C. R. Holden believes. The U. S. Army recently purchased

several hundred carloads of his potatoes for shipment overseas

Ditching for irrigation—"Cold

soft snow water from the Upper Right after digging, in October,

Snake River is the lifeblood of our Holden potatoes are hauled to frostpotato crop,"Mr. Holden told me. proof storage cellars. "Properly farm

"Combine this water with our volstored, our Idahos are as goodeating canic ash soil and you can't help in May as when they are dug,"Mr.

growing grand potatoes. The soil is Holden told me. "We can store up

spongy, permitting our spuds to to 70 tons in our two cellars. Gradexpand evenly, without gnarling. ing is done when the potatoes are

And our cool Idaho nights are just marketed. All our potatoes get a

the kind Russets like best"federalstate inspection"

Poland Chinas plus sheep help give Mr. Holden

a wellbalanced farm operation. Manure goes onto

the potato fields and the hogs turn cull potatoes into pork. Due to wartime demand, Mr. Holden is now

cutting down on his alfalfa rotation, growing more Ralph Holden, C. R. Sr., and C. R. Jr., show

good Idaho potatoes you the family market brands. Idaho growers

were among the first to pack potatoes in small 10 and 15pound consumersize bags, like the one held by Ralph. "We've furnished the Safeway

people a lot of potatoes packed readyto-sell in these small bags,"Mr. Holden told me. "Safeway

Shopping at their pays top of the market prices—and always spot favorite Safeway in cash—for our quality potatoes. The way I see

Idaho Falls is fun it, better returns to growers are a natural result for the Holden girls, of Safeway's more direct kind of distribution.

Mary, 18, and ShirFewer handling charges mean more money for ley Jane, 7. Here producers and lower costs to consumers—that's

Thero Tippets, the just simple arithmetic. I think this country could

manager, helps use a lot more distribution of the Safeway kind"them to "load up"Told To your Safeway farm Reporter friday

in

Jerusalem

From f/ie painting "Holy Night"by Carlo Maratta

the lifted brow, did not mind he the scorn, * whisper, the epithets. nor guarded The Jj/

For her, an exaltation had been born

With motherhood; and there were no regrets.

She did not mind the pain, the awkward flight

From Herod's jealousy and Bethlehem;

And later she regarded it as right

His Father's work was asking much of them.

But when upon the hill, His mission done, "My God, why hast Thou...?"tore through every limb,

She would have given all that she had won

To bear His final pain and die for Him.

She could not know how close death is to birth,

That Life and Love were given thus to earth.

Eva Willes Wangsgaard THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

QhhldJtmaA.—

A PEACE FROM * ALL NATIONS

By ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

Peace, good will, and the genuine brotherhood of man will become a reality only when all nations and individuals consecrate all their talents, customs, and everything that they possess as a common storehouse of knowledge and activity to be used and enjoyed equally by all.

Of all the times and seasons of the year, Christmas Day, more than any other, most nearly approaches this longsought aim and condition of mankind.

Glancing for a moment at the timehonored customs surrounding Christmas, one finds that nearly all nations have contributed in some way to the modern celebration.

Arising on the morning of December that term, English 25, one finds an Now we is the designate to "Christmas,"used ** Stifft! **

day. The first utterance that morning,

"Merry Christmas,"owes its concep- ** ** will use tion to some longforgotten Englishman.

if? * After hurriedly dressing, one beholds

!"theed candles,Christmasin tree,the room,perhapsbothwithGermanlightcontributions to the season. it * FelsNaptha Soap

Gifts are to be found, even as in old

Rome. If it is said that Santa Claus

brought them, it is a Dutch custom, but if the fact is added that the welDirt is a destroyer... as this come old fellow made his appearance

wise, young matron knows. The need to preby coming down the chimney, Norway deserves the credit for this interserve the lovely things that suddenly are hers is as keen as esting way of entering the homes of

good little boys and girls. the joy of ownership. As naturally as breathing, she plans The mistletoe and holly completo keep this new home clean with FelsNaptha Soap. menting the house decorations belong

to the Druids.

No more shabbiness... This man of hers shall Sitting down to a Christmas menu,

the custom of eating turkey comes from have the whitest shirts to wear. Her precious linens Mexico, the plum pudding from Engshall sparkle like new. Paints and porcelains must land, and the Christmas cake from

Rome. gleam, endlessly... Hurrying out to the public square,

one discovers the grandeur of the Span-... and so that this bright dream shall reach realish and Italian community tree. ity, she has already told her grocer—"Now we Dropping into an easy chair late

that night before a Scandinavian Yule will use FelsNaptha Soap!"log in the fireplace, one has an opportunity, perhaps, of enjoying Rome

cookies and reexamining EnglishGolden bar or Golden chips Ascustomedthe streetgreetingbelowcardsis filledfrom friends.with a

serenade by English carolers, there is

FelsNaptha ait reflectionin the veryuponair.the realA Christianspirit broughtspirabout, no doubt, because one has

learned to accept as one's own, the banishes TattleTale Gray wellwishing customs of every man upon the earth.

Vfie EditorsTaqe (P&MofiaJL and

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

\./ne of the requirements made of the Latterday

Saints is that they shall be faithful in attending to their prayers, both their secret and family prayers. The object that our Heavenly Father

has in requiring this is that we may be in communication with Him, and that we may have a channel open between us and the heavens whereby we can bring down upon ourselves blessings from above. No individual

who is humble and prayerful before God and supplicates Him every day for the light and inspiration of His Holy Spirit, will ever become lifted up in the pride of his heart, or feel that the intelligence and the wisdom that he possesses are allsufficient for him.

The prayerful and humble man will always realize and feel that he is dependent upon the Lord for every blessing that he enjoys, and in praying to God he will not only pray for the light and the inspiration of

His Holy Spirit to guide him, but he will feel to thank Him for the blessings that he receives, realizing that life, that health, that strength, and that all the intelligence which he possesses come from God, who is the

Author of his existence.

If we do not keep this channel of communication open between us and our Heavenly Father, then are we robbed of the light and inspiration of His Spirit, and of that feeling of gratitude and thanksgiving that fills our hearts and that desire to praise God for His goodness and mercy to us.

There is no feeling that is more godlike than that feeling of intense gratitude and thanksgiving to God that comes when we realize and feel that God has blessed us. We should cultivate that spirit and that disposition so to order our lives that we will ever have a feeling of gratitude

and of thanksgiving in our hearts, and a desire to praise God for His goodness to us. We will not be able to have this feeling if we are

negligent and thoughtless in attending to the duty of praying to our

Heavenly Father. So also with all the requirements that are made of us

as Latterday Saints. They are all for our benefit, for our advancement,

and to fit and prepare us to go back into the presence of our Father in heaven.

In the quiet hours, in the heat of battle, and through the hazards of the day; in times of temptation, of sorrow, of peace and of blessing, let us

pray always, both alone, and with our families gathered around us, with gratitude for the blessings of life, for understanding of its problems, and for strength to endure to the end.

Pray always, that you may come off conqueror; yea, that you may conquer Satan,

and that you may escape the hands of the servants of Satan. ( Doctrine and Covenants

10:5) Pray always, that ye may not faint, until I come. (Doctrine and Covenants 88: 126)

dhAuAMdtwfLJJul By JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH of the Council of the Twelve

recent months I have been the the fall of Adam. If Adam had not

INrecipient of many communicapartaken of the fruit of the tree of tions from persons seeking inforthe Knowledge of Good and Evil, he mation in relation to the resurrection. would not have died. This truth

Some of these have been confused is clearly expressed in the scriptures, by teachings presented in study especially so in the Book of Mormon classes, erronand some by opinions transnot behold, had if Adam And now, interpretationseously based on false fallen, he but gressed not have he would of the scriptures. It seems to me that would have remained in the garden of Eden.

the Lord has been very explicit in And all things which were created must state in the which in remained samethe revelations to His servants rehave created; after and they were they weregarding this important doctrine, and must have remained forever, and hadtheyno

surely all members of the Church end. (II Nephi 2:22)

should understand what is so plainly written in the scriptures and in Had such a condition prevailed, the discourses of the authorities of Adam would still be in the Garden the Church, if they have the spirit of of Eden, and all things would have discernment, which is theirs through continued as they were, and under study and faith. such conditions there would have

One brother has written several been no need for a Redeemer, This letters, contending that the presiddoctrine was taught to Adam in the beginning, wherein the Lord devery includinging brethren, the Prophet From the painting by Heinrich Hofmann to him: clared in theirhimself, have been wrong

teachings of this doctrine. Some Wherefore teach it unto your children,

repent, or all everywhere, must men, will if theothers wicked pararising, wonder of the that and members many of the kingdom in wise inherit no they can scripannihilation, for thetake of It confused. Church become would there, dwell thing for can unclean no God, death"tures of a "second speak well if be follow the counwe would for, in the language his presence; in or dwell

which is in store for the wicked. sel the Lord has given us, which is: of Adam, Man of Holiness is his name, and

is the Son his Begotten of Only name of misled because have been treasurethSome word, the whoso up "And my righteous Christ, a Jesus even of Man, theories certain and ofthe teachings shall not Treasuring be deceived."of meridian in the shall come Judge, who declaringphilosophies, manmade, is His than up merely far more word time.

that death was always here, and was reading it. To treasure it one must Therefore I give unto you a commandnot brought through Adam's transnot only read and study, but seek in ment, to teach these things freely unto your

saying: aregression, others who and there the children, to humility and obedience do cometh transgression of reason by That perdition that sons ofmaintain the gain are commandments given, and infall fall, death, and bringeth the which

not entitled to the resurrection, but inspiration which the Holy Spirit asmuch as ye were born into the world by their spirits will forever be subject will impart. water, and blood, and the spirit, which I

living a of dust became and so made, shall retheir bodies whileto Satan, The following into again born be questions may havesoul, must even so ye earth. in This mother as dustmain properly be considered: the of water, and of of heaven, the kingdom

I the write, whichvery morning the on blood, even Spirit, cleansed and be by authority power what and By the does that might ye Begotten; in of mail the blood Only minefollowing came resurrection come? the all sin, enjoy sanctified and from be resurrections there many have been How world, this and life in eternal of words class this In the doctrine gospel question to and are yet come? imeven come, life to in the world eternalarose: the resurrection will defects In the privileged are to forth in each? come Who 6:5759) glory. (Moses mortalof physical, the also mental both men, and the Is resurrection going on? now

disfigurements, raisedaccidental with be there lived the Are have any on who is doctrine taught This same by will perfect inthem, forth they or come earth will resurrection? the denied be who

form? Will any who receive the resurrection Jacob, the brother of Nephi:

is, die again; suffer that the separation of

it the great that behooveth Creator For spirit the misunderstandings the the which time? and second body The suffereth himself to subject he unto become

creatures, other than Will mankind, any failurearise to solely the are due on all flesh, die in the for that men, and man the resurrection? partake of

all tothe of part those subject him. unto might become have them men who the restored, Will or will be same body all death hath as passed men, For upon for thatstudy guidance seek and it different a be body?

fulfil the the of merciful to great plan Creis understand. perthey There may ator, there resurof needs power be must a

fect plainness both in the revelations Our Savior, Jesus Christ, is the rection, and the resurrection must needs given through the prophets, and in Author of the resurrection. He came come unto man by reason of the fall; and

the interpretations of those revelainto the world to redeem it and all the fall came by reason of transgression;

tions by the authorities of the upon its face from mortality and give andcut offbecausefrom themanpresencebecame offallenthe Lord.they were(II

Church. The Prophet Joseph Smith immortality to every creature. The Nephi 9:5-6)

and his successors have declared the coming of our Savior to accomplish correct doctrine all down the years, this end is due to the fact that death From these and many other scripyet these questions are constantly was brought into the world through tures we discover the true reason for

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

the coming of Jesus Christ into the came out of the graves after his resurworld. It was, first, to redeem all rection,"and the Lord commanded

men from the physical or mortal Samuel, the Lamanite, to teach the death, which Adam brought into the people that following the resurrecworld, and second, to redeem all men tion of our Lord, "many graves shall from spiritual death or banishment be opened, and shall yield up many from the presence of the Lord on of their dead; and many saints shall

conditions of their repentance and appear unto many."The fulfilment

remission of sins and endurance to of this prediction was ordered writthe end of the mortal probation. Had ten into the record by our Savior

there been no fall, there would have when he visited the Nephites.

been no resurrection. Since there Since this first resurrection is past

was a transgression which brought and with it we have no concern, we death, the atonement had to be made now speak of the first resurrection by the Son of God, who was always as being the one which shall take the master over death. His sacrifice place when our Savior shall come the

was an infinite atonement. He desecond time. When He comes, the

clared Himself to be the "resurrecSaints "who have slept in their tion and the life,"and that He had graves shall come forth, for their life His in Himselfpower to lay down alshall graves be opened; and they rest of the dead; live not and they take Suchand it up again. power in shall so be caught up to meet Him until are again years the thousand

of possession neverhas been the pillar of heaven. the of the midst until neither again, the ended, end

earth. creature the otherany upon first fruits, Christ's, the are They earth. of the are hosts the These creatures theAll other under were shall with him descend they who telestial are of conthe world who alone Christ of death,curse and first, earth the are they on and who "suffer of to the wrath demned God free them.could first their in graves, are and who earth"; "cast are on and down who

He was the first fruits of the resurcaught up to meet him; and all this to hell and suffer the wrath of Alrection. He holds the keys of the by the voice of the sounding of the mighty God, until the fulness of

resurrection. The first resurrection trump of the angel of God."John times, when Christ shall have subtook place immediately following wrote: "Blessed and holy is he that dued all enemies under his feet, and

His resurrection. A misunderstandhath part in the first resurrection; on shall have perfected his work."This

ing has arisen in the minds of some him the second death hath no power, resurrection will bring to pass the because of the words of Alma to but they shall be priests of God and saying of Paul:

his son Corianton. (Alma 40:19) of Christ, and shall reign with him

reign, he For enemust put all all years."said that think the a thousand AlmaThey

feet. that: his under enemy tillThehe hathlast lived bad,dead, both and good who Following this great event, and shallmies is death. 15:25destroyed be (I Cor.

before the coming of our Lord, would after the Lord and the righteous who 26) receive before the resurrection any caught up to meet dehave Him that time comes, Savior our When after die coming. His shouldwho earth, the A arescended will there upon

will fully the victory have gained will ofcareful reading Alma's words to resurrection. another pass come

show, however, that he did not wish This may be considered as a part of over death, and then will He deliver the up that to Father, kingdom His thought. Abinsuch anyto convey first, it the later. although In comes

all all."in be "He may plain this matter veryadi has made this will resurrection forth come

is It the opinion of that the somein following words: the those of the terrestrial order, who is all resurrection time going the on not to to be caught worthy up there resurrection, cometh a And even were is this now, speculation but purely

first Him, meet but are resurrection; to worthy yea,a who resurrection even a in It scriptures. the without warrant thatof those been, are, have and and forth who to come millennial the enjoy

is that true the to has Lord power shall be, until the even resurrectionwho It is reign. written that the seccall shallof forth called.. so he or any person persons be from Christ—for is shall angel sound, ond the which the all resurrection of the now, prophAnd the desire, as dead, especimay He trump, second then "and allets, cometh that those and their believed have in if ally to they a mission perhave

all those or thatwords, the kept have the comof redemption those are who their require form reswhich would shall of forth inmandments the God, come at Christ's his recoming; have who

first urrection, for resurrection; therefore, the example, the are they have we their in ceived part the prison whichfirst resurrection. Peter, of Moroni. and James, is prepared them, that for they might are raised to dwell with They who God are given that to understand caseWe them; thus eternal redeemed theyhas have receive gospel, the acbe and judged the resurrection future, yet firstlife Christ, the has through broken who to in flesh."cording the (D. men &

... the forth which death. ofbands means the of coming C. 88:99; compare 76:73- D. C. & fear, behold But before tremble and and will righteous, take at place parone this In will resurrection also 75) for for tremble; toGod, ought the ye Lord is ticular time, which our Savwhen rebel thatredeemeth against forth such none those him come law,"no "who knew ior shall in the appear of clouds their all in die sins; thoseand even yea, the will nations heathen and also be heaven, shall return theirthat in to sins perished when ever since have He redeemed. (D. C. 45:54) So & we that rethe wilfully world began, have reign. to us For speculate whether that see inherit terthose the who thebelled that against God, have known or the not Prophet Smith, Joseph restrial will of glory and raised keepcommandments this God, not would at be

them; these are they that have no part in time. Hyrum Smith, Brigham Young, and,

the first resurrection. (Mosiah 15:2123, others have been called forth, with26) After the sounding of the second out any revelation from the Lord, is

trump, the third trump shall sound merely speculation. When the Lord

Matthew declared that the graves calling the "spirits of men who are wants any of these men, He has the were opened, "and many bodies of to be judged, and are found under power to call them, but the first the saints which slept arose, and condemnation; and these are the (Continued on page 827)

Joseph Smith's

American of the nineWhatteenth century influenced subsequent generations more By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

than any other?

Such a question was propounded by Josiah Quincy, and not unlikely (he added) the answer might be, "Joseph Smith—the Mormon Prophet."The Latterday Saints have

never grown weary of hearing these words or of seeing them in print.

The question is a good one.

Quincy's answer is also excellent.

We have many reasons to support such an answer. But some of these

reasons are neglected, and they add unusual luster to the Prophet's career. One of these is that phase of

Joseph Smith's career which has particular meaning for American government and politics. The limits FromNauvoopaintingby Laneof

of this article are far too short to K. Newberry

explore fully the Prophet's ideas in this field, but a few of the facts surrounding some of his ideas may be indulged.

In the of a preceding other paragraph, Progroup than any more in interested Josiah Quincy was fact that fessor records: harsh to Paxson day, came know

first politics. of the one He was it for possible for themselves. Was first under Church Smith and The Mormon hisin American mayors "strong"their business, his stable successor, then Brig- a under more to mind group own family,tory. of the Adams A cousin frontier active played part in Young, an ham print to chose, they to as worship

in rays the shadows Its stood and rise thirty for years.he structhought and liked as fronthe they on speak and

intellectual spiritual ture indicate the and tradition. politicalof a long Joseph

2 tier? the dethe of came Out West of settlements. uneasiness the border affairs in public also andSmith was fininto rode power which mands

at time the it is "strong"this a articlealso mayor In to proposed ally put Lincoln, with which and

Quincy visited him and secured the these demands into an amended leave behind all thought of Joseph the laterinterview became religious which significance Smith's to and the Constitution. out of West, And of the for sketchbasis activities, the his far of Mormon view so some of Justice York, came by way New

inleader book, Figures Quincy's light in possible, the public as of of the of Field Court, Supreme who

I that it convinced affairs. Past. briefthe In such a sketch am later, thirty finally interpreted years

his famousQuincy propounded first, that the rough may be hoped, that in inquestionand-answer outlines chapter of a neglected book thea wayFourteenthas to secureAmendmentthese rights,in suchin because of the fact that Joseph was part, in state courts. But this all came American political lore, long buried

in the thick of public affairs. after Joseph Smith, and in my private under the folds of religious controJoseph Smith came on the Ameriview, partly because of him and his versy, may appear. Second, that

can scene at a time when a socalled experiences within the American Professor Paxson's implication "Jacksonian ferment"from the west framework. Some of the reasons for and an idea long held by most Amerwas introducing a new element into this view can be surmised from what icans and now celebrated in film,American government. Included in follows. story, and a growing tradition—that

this new element was the demand Mormonism's strength is attributthat the Constitution of the United Referring to the Jacksonian "ferable to Joseph's "more stable sucStates be interpreted to guarantee ment"of the 1820's, Frederick L, cessor, Brigham Young,"fails to the rights of life, liberty, and the Paxson says: give due credit to the political sagacity, leadership, and experience of declaredpursuit to be of happiness,

light. of to Scores came new movements the Prophet. independthe objects of American that outlasted the voice personand Those

ence in 1 776. The interpretation of ality of the founder became important inSuch a statement calls for a colthis period afforded no real guarandexes of the reliqious capacitv of the United lection of the facts. All of them are

significant States. these none Of was more to largely not yet to be had, due rights..tee of such The Mormons,

estabSmith Church that Joseph neglect oversight scholars than the1 and by lished. 'Faculty Logan, Utah: of the U.S.A.C., member

visiting professor of political science for the year of the essential nature of the Proph1942-43 at Swarthmore College, Swarthmore, PennsylFrederick L. Paxson, History of the American

vania. Frontier (1924), p. 342 2Ibid.. p. 341.

-I

NAUVOO TEMPLE FROM

AN OLD PRINT A NEGLECTED PHASE

OF A UNIQUE CAREER

et's activity in carving a niche for moved to Caldwell, then Daviess his religious following within the and Carroll counties, only to be met framework of the American union. October 11, 1838, with the famous

"exterminating order"of Governor

Tt is rather common knowledge that Lilburn W. Boggs demanding their can municipal history."The charter

Joseph was born in Windsor total evacuation from the state of was granted by a unanimous vote

County, Vermont, December 23, Missouri. Failing redress of grievof the legislature, and signed De1805; that he was instrumental in ances by judicial process or peticember 16, 1840, by Governor

organizing the Church of Jesus tion,"and lacking sufficient strength Thomas Carlin and Stephen13 A.

Christ of Latterday Saints at Fayto withstand the pressure of their Douglas, secretary of state. Conette, New York, April 6, 1830; and neighbors peaceably, some twelve to fessing his own hand in the grant,

that by June 27, 1844 (the day of fifteen thousand Mormons moved in and undoubtedly recording his athis death at the hands of a mob) the winter months of 183839 to titude towards civil liberties in genhis followers numbered3 approxitracts of land purchased on the banks eral, the Prophet wrote:

mately fifty thousand. of the Mississippi in Illinois. The city charter of Nauvoo is of my own

From New York, the Mormons esSubsequently, Joseph Smith went plan and device. I concocted it for the

salvation the principles of Church, and ontablished their principal centers for to Washington, D.C., the open-

6 that so dwell honest every broad might man ) Missouri. in Ohio 4 and ing of the First Session of the its influence protective secure without under

16 states theFrom{ 1 83 1 - these1 839 group was Twentysixth distinction Congress sect of party. personally or

led Illinois, to into overflowing to press the claims, from Mormon 7 Parenthetically that note can weIowa. of the inexperiences, 8 Out Missouri, that before rebody. 12 He

is this ethical ideal of the the Prophcluding petitions to excursions and in mained Washington from Noet's of the concept of kingdom ownstate national legislatures, and which until 28, vember 1839, 1840. March,

God.the in Prophet accumulated Ohio this During time at least he gained 8 political charter vested auThe politiMissouri, theand grand came audiences two with President Van

in thority four a mayor, aldermen,cal efforts of the Illinois or Nauvoo Buren and managed the Mormon all nine councilors, elected to be and Itperiod is this to (18391844). petitions before Congress through

period that we turn attention in this contacts with such prominent leadfor twoyear terms; with power

brief writing. ers as John C. Calhoun. Unfortunvested in a quorum of eight to make

The background of this period ately, the Prophet discovered that "all such ordinances not repugnant may be said to have its roots in the his claims on behalf of civil liberty to the Constitution of the United first Mormon colonization of Misprovided insufficient excuse for use States, or this State, as they may souri in 1831,* The first homes were of the federal power. Nor was deem necessary"; and to make all

established in Jackson County. In there a basis therefor in the federal necessary appointments."This or1833, some one thousand two hunBill of Rights. John Marshall's ganization of political authority foldred of these settlers were forced to court had declared in Barron v. lows the usual pattern of the Amerileave the county under strained conBaltimore ( 1 833 ) that such constican weakmayor-council form of

ditions, with great costs in human tutional guarantees were applicable city government to this point. But

further provisions, particularly secsuffering $120,000 as against in proponly federal, and not and10 some 13 tions 17 charter, proand 25 of theerty losses. In turn the Mormons state, action.

vide for strong executive powers 3Bancroft (History of Utah, p. 167) says that at

this subsequently, time the a "strong"of the mayor; Church membership was to his and peace had come 100,000 Aeanwhileif in Europe as well members are as included. America these articles, the city Under execuin Illinois, followers in in Mormon movements began notwithOhio January

tive first justice as of the1831. section the of peace See 38 Doctrine book and was infailure the Covestanding to Prophet'snants edition). (1920 all given jurisdiction "exclusive in federal voke for losses. "Missouri remedies past the of object expansion became Mormon

arising cases theabout ordinances 1831. Section July See 57, Doctrine Coveand his direction city charter a Undernants. of the appeal corporation"—withunder Illinois granted legIllinois in established was headquarters were 'Mormon by the

in 1839, at Mississippi. on the Nauvoo Settlements islature to take effect February 1, lying to the municipal court:in Iowa, the river, across soon sprang up.

The first significant jurisdiction which came under 1 84 1. This was the famous Nauvoo Which court shall be composed of the

chief justice, as alderthe (four) and political control CaldwellMormon County, was charter affording municipalMissouri. to assigned area This as a result them was justices. as associate home menmayor

their petitionof to legislature. the Daviess County, least rule at three before decades

adjoining fearful Caldwell, the became Mormons jury of twelve men was made A that national gained movement rule election riots severewould of nature it, and ocin Gallatin,curred elecin the Daviess County, 1838 117120. op.ci'r. Bancroft, Berretttion. See ( The sweep, and granting powers to the {Continued on page 823)

saysRestored Church, 182) p. 15,000 it is Mormons some exceeding, believed, Mormons it artfully that framed ""So was found that the

inhabited that in Missouri year. government was practically within superseded in ever witnessed Ameristatethe 1- (after official anything corporation,"8See volumes said of the page 4 a in the Mormon commentator 410)

International in published the 1882.History Salt City, February Lake Church, Review, Quoted in Banof his Prophet associates and firm the employed The croft, op. cit., tofor efforts. material documents (footnote). 143 relating these and of Reese, Doniphan as Atchison early as Wood, and

principal 15For text the settlements of the see charter under which The Morcame Times Seasons to and 1833, represent at bar. October them See History

influence 2:281286. were Independence, Liberty, 1mon DeWitt,:425. the Church of

Mill, Gallatin, Millport,Haun's Far West, Diahman, ff 4:24 Ibid., 16John Evans, Henry Smith Joseph an American

in other areas Jackson,and Clay, Carroll, Caldwell, Prophet 152153 v. (1933),... Barron pp. 13See Baltimore, Peters 243. For an T Daviess counties.and interesting comparisou examine facts the the and 9, 11, sections Charter, 13. "Nauvoo Section 14

1:7475 w Times Seasons, and 1S40, in (March decision Nau- v. United States 254 Wheeler, S. 281 U. all made for mandatory published ordinances tobe

voo) (1920). within their of itone month passage.

cS/wfi* &* ihsL IhinqA. that kappsmsucL

wfatfL ttvote d&cidsuL that ihstiVL would. JbiL

PRESENT FOR ANN NO A SHORT STORY BY BLANCHE the three committee ladiesW.henhad rung the bell, Ann KENDALL

had been still asleep and Avery andhis mother were counting his Christ- M c K E Y mas money. He had been aglow with

anticipation and radiant in the security of her complete attention.

"Ten cents for Gra'ma, fifteen cents for Dad,"he had chanted;"ten cents for—somebody—

Mother had blinked her eyes rapidly, laughing at him out of the corners. "Five cents for Ann Elizabeth—"

And then the bell had sounded.

The committee ladies had made a great stir and Ann had set up a protest. In the shelter of Mother's arms

she had stared at the visitors with big round eyes from which every hint of sleep had suddenly vanished.

Avery had stood alone at the side window listening disgustedly to their "Oh's"and "Ah's"and baby talk until they began disclosing the purpose of their call: They wanted "YOU SAVED THE DAY,

Mother and Ann to form the climax AVERY,"SHE BEAMED.

of the Christmas pageant, a tabff fTl<.5/vWTTfleau of motherhood set in painted

clouds with little angels looking up baby stretched chubby hands to his from behind a lot of tissue paper face, uttering queer unintelligible saboxes. The idea was decidely apquestioning, she shifted Ann Elizalutes. Almost ready to make an inpealing, for Avery was endowed beth higher on her shoulder, one ner compromise, Avery had thrust

with imagination, and something unpale hand pressing the little black his wavy forelocks near the tiny ruly and ugly arose within him, imhead to her cheek, and Avery felt fingers, when Mother impulsively pelling to cross the him room and to her and that she gave him only part of her swooped bosom Ann little sister.slap his But if he did, attention. neck. kissed the her back of "Such

oneno understand would he and I playfully. baby,"she murmured "Because want to buy my pres- a

just called boy.would be a wicked alone,"explained ents stubbornhe turned brusquely; Avery and awayIt forqueer everyone was had how ly.

his a small purse drawing from last thatgotten Christmas had he been little Samuel in the temple "You are too little,"Mother arpocket, he emptied its contents on for the Primary pageant ladies. gued. He looked at her dubiously. the table below the window. For

With a new objective in mind he beIt was very bewildering; he had bethe hundredth time, it seemed, he

gan recounting his money. He come "Dad's little man"and "Siscounted and apportioned the coins:

would buy what he pleased and save ter's big brother,"but was constantFifteen cents for Dad, ten for Grandwhat he pleased. He wasn't obliged ly being drawn back from the freema, ten for Mother. He hesitated

to have a present for everybody. dom those titles implied. for a moment, reluctant to give

"But why?"asked Avery's moth- "You can't wander all over Main Mother less than her due; but her

er, after the ladies had gone. "Why Street by yourself,"Mother persilly cooing baby talk stiffened his

should you set out now to buy your sisted patiently. resolution: ten cents for Mother;

Christmas presents?"She lowered Ann into her lap, five for

Although her eyes were softly turning her toward Avery, and the Replacing the money in its recep784

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

tacle, he advanced again to his mothchange, his eye, in spite of himself, cold breezes brushed his face coner's knee. roving to a Little Boy Blue doll solingly; but when he had almost

"I won't go up into the traffic,"marked "5"; but he crowded forreached home, the derisive notes

he maintained stoutly. "I'll only go ward and handed Aunt Mildred his were still stinging his ears, and

as far as Aunt Mildred's little store."three chosen articles. As she leaned he felt that in some manner

Mother stopped googooing long over the array of bric-a-brac to refoolish little Ann was responsible enough to brush the wiry locks back turn him his purchases, now bulging for this nagging sense of shame.

from his sullen forehead. Almost with protecting tissue paper, she Opening the front door, he slipped

resentfully he drew away from the urged him to be careful to not slip upstairs noiselessly and placed his light caress. She was puzzled. on the icy walk. Then her tired treasures carefully in the back of his

"Why don't you wait until Daddy eyes gleamed suddenly: "How is drawer, covering the padded bundle

can take you—when the lights are Ann Elizabeth?"she asked eagerly. with his folded underwear. Dad

on?"she suggested alluringly. At mention of that name, the would be proud of the big cup and

"I want to buy my Christmas women near, bent and recognized saucer; Mama would say, "Oh, how

presents aone,"he retorted obstinAvery's round face, which was alpretty!"when she saw the bowl;

ately. His gaze rested for a second most hidden by his leather helmet Grandma would be truly grateful.

on Ann Elizabeth, who was absorbed and his thick woolen scarf. And he had five cents left for himin studying her plump hands. "Even "Why, Avery, how is little sisself! It would be a great Christ-

a baby,"he said with biting emphater?"mas! But as he slowly climbed down

sis, "even a baby could do all I'm "Buying a present for Ann, I the stairway, he had an unpleasant going to do."bet!"feeling that his purse was heavily

Mother halfheartedly yielded "How do you like being big brothsagging his overcoat pocket.

and followed her son to the outside er?"No one was in the living room,

entrance, holding Ann away from Their patronizing manner apnor in the kitchen. Reaching the

the thin current of cold air that peared silly to Avery; they seemed bedroom door he stopped in sursqueezed through the narrow opento have forgotten that he had alprise. Ann Elizabeth was whimping. "Watch the lights,"she ready turned eight. By way of reering in Mother's arms, and Dad

called anxiously as Avery neared the tort, the women felt that his serious was standing over her with a bottle gate. He rounded a handful of regard was over stolid; but he was and spoon. She was all right an

snow into a soft ball and tossing it merely enjoying, absentmindedly, hour ago, thought Avery rebelliousit spatter directionin her watched selfjustifica- of a comforting wave or a foot two the cement walkon sis- "Don't come in, 'called Mother overrated his tion in not buying from the door. Mother stared in ter a Christmas present. warningly; "Father is going to take

amazement, which slowly gave place A younger woman, her arms filled you to Grandma's for the night."

to bewilderment. Avery had sadly with bundles, joined the group. Attempting to soothe the fretful bachanged since the baby had come. "Why, Avery,"she repeated enby, she scarcely looked at him.

Perhaps Grandma was right! For thusiastically, "I haven't seen you "But I don't want to go to Grandthe sake of her eldest, it would have since the baby was born. But I've ma's,"he protested after watching

been better if Ann had come two or seen her,"she hastened to add glowthe pantomime in silence for a mothree years ago. She watched ingly. "Isn't she simply adorable?"ment. "I want my supper, and I

Avery's bundled figure march deterHer fervor demanded some kind want to stay home."

minedly up the street without one of answer. His small features beDad interpreted the misery in his

his red glance, scarf wavcrossingbackward to the entrance, and set his voice, came and he removed more rear. the froming belatedly at his stared compassionately down lavender glance to an impersonal

vase standing solitary on a bracket. young son.

"It's better for go,"exto he you I she'll do, guess,"rehe "Oh, MilJlveaching Aunt finality. last at with plained Havhis laconically, torted nerves under dred's shop, crockery Quin Avery his ing pulled overcoat, he on own strained control. prewasn't But he the apprized Junior,McMasters, unwilling hand, took Avery's and for gurgles the pared even and dishes, small china ornaments, and silently they the through crunched his that of greeted laughter shouts dolls in then displayed the window, lot to lighted Grandma's feeling to vacant reply; the begin blood his theopening door pushed way his firstborn door, he where bade in his cheeks dash he a burn made interior.into the Slowly crowded a hurried sympathetic, though good his door, scarcely for the heeding table table tohe progressed from night. to careful aunt's admonition of be breakfast, orladen luncheon, with

dinner sets until he reached the his parcel. As he ran down the street,

miscellaneous counter with its barvjr randma comforted Avgains of odd pieces, and there he ery with steaming vegetable soup found a fatlooking cup and saucer and fluffy dumplings, afterwards refor Dad, a dainty violettrimmed placing the lid carefully to keep the bowl for Mother, and a thimble for contents hot until Aunt Mildred

Grandma, who was always misshould come home. Then together

placing the one she started out to they looked at some magazines filled use. He chose an extremely large with Christmas advertisements, picthimble, thinking that even Grandma tures of Santa Claus, and lighted

would have a hard time losing so trees; but when Aunt Mildred came,

heavy an article. Fifteen cents for pulled off her shoes, and threw herDaddy, ten cents for Mama, ten self on the couch too weary to even

cents for-—everything was working eat, Grandma left him to his own

out beautifully. He counted the {Continued on page 821)

jhsL Citadel Within By HUGH B. BROWN

Coordinator of Latterday Saint Men in the Service

loyalty. Your country is in war. She face the foe on the battlefield, realhas called for your help. She is faced izing that to yield here is as cowardby cruel and cunning foes who seek ly and infamous as to be untrue or

her destruction. You will not give traitorous when entrusted with a

less than wholehearted, enthusiastic military assignment.

support to the national effort. While

your right to free speech is one of Tf you would give your best to your the things for which you fight, your country, you must maintain your intelligence will regulate the exerhighest standards and ideals. You

cise of that right. You'll listen more will bring out of the struggle a

and talk less. stronger man or a weaker one acYou will obey orders, submit to cording to the fidelity with which

discipline, become a part of a great you guard the citadel of your inner military organization—how imporself.

tant a part is largely up to you. You find yourself in uniform, one

PRESIDENT BROWN, 1942 Into this new experience you of millions, and may feel that your bring physical, lost, are menidentity that you has been tal, moral,yourself—yourspiritual self. You bring cipher. a or perhaps just a number,

also ideals, principles, your aspirato a will be tempted become You last in the war, served who tions, hopes. all bring inthese You fatalist for care "don't a adopt and particitoThey unable though now to a strange and new environment attitude. day's consequences"Every units, are in combative pate there will terrific where be impacts. effort outlined, will every be work the interested of the mostamong the will environment some To used be listen will to regimented. You side the fromspectators watch who as for an excuse for weakness, abancurt orders shouted and commandslines. imthe note and new They their life doning course of yieldand restricted will find freedom your and as equipment mechanizedproved ing to the of downdrag a curmurky will inclined before. be as never You strategy revolutionary thewell as rent. it will in Others see a challenge feel that the are longer to you no tactics employed. would Theyand their to strength will and that face will fate of master and wonder your military advice, give to attemptnot challenge as manfully as will they if the subject to are wholly you of rules the of folly applyingfor the

1917 to the operations of 1942 has whims and caprice of chance.

cost resist this inclination to must You thousands of lives and humiliatSONSing reverses. In spite of the guard. lower your

However, there are some conBy Grace Zenor Pratt complete regimentation of your life fixed plans life interruption of your the remain whichstants in and seen them flags flying f have go amid is civilian things, this of in military reversal or sudden bywhether one for victory held high; with heads To fight that the of to age. truth regardlessactivity must hold on you Of and

watched them Have march away still, the in large exfor the measure, speak, are should youthese we suffer, to Perhaps to die! but not God, in faith to fate. the of the past belongs Keep your masterperience of

here smiling, I stand with mute lips, my in destiny; yourself, your keeppresent. your too, heart mute

Rather than address the youth of With dread of some tomorrow where but hand upon the controls of your life.

1942, let the man of today talk to memories burn You are still in command of your himself as one of the soldiers of Waiting and watching, watching and waitown spirit.

ing, his through Let 1917. him attempt, or believe not that some bomb Do

later, to Praying years twentyfive eyesown for their return. shell that has your on it and number

see the road ahead of that young But yesterday they were my little sons it will get you regardless of what you soldier. He might say something Playing at soldier, but today do or refrain from doing, for with

like this: They are grown up, my three tall sons this thought too often goes the

to Eager march away. it difference does query, man, have answered young You, "What

their home, At I keep offer call or or do? I think country. say of yourthe what You little battered toys make Why

see; only Where I may talents, to- 'eat, for time, merry, your drinkto your be her not and your

little coats they wore, a story book life. well die shall not die'?"You morrow we Howstrength—your the heart break of me. TheTrifles—that live. of present shall are as you you Mostequipped tomorrow! You

their childish I hear voices, small brave live this service? to do return foryourself go to war What who the men deeds.

do the task to on what has your bring and number home.you No shell you Their boyish laughter down the waiting

it? for have out of to take you. Most is markedpropose You it. No bullet years.

passed your physical tests, but what I cannot see the glory, Lord, nor feel the of them are marked: "To whom it

of your intangible internal fitness? pride may concern,"and most of them are

First, there must be undeviating Because of tears. wasted. Live, then, each day as if

about JthnifL own. pJiivaijL batik

you were confident of returning to on a beam he will not be tempted to your home and loved ones and let go it blind by some promise of thrills that thought light your pathway and or new adventure. He knows that

color your conduct. there is only one course to follow if

he would be safe and looks upon him "I-Iaving decided to keep control of as an enemy who would seek to dithe course of your life you must vert his course and lure him away make decisions daily. You must from the beam which is his safety.

choose, elect, decide. Each decision Fly the beam, pilot, for the headimplies a knowledge of values. Your quarters from which it comes will

good sense would not allow you to guide you safely to a happy landing.

pay ten thousand dollars for a In this new adventure you will L

Model "T"Ford. Your pride will need courage, not only courage to MAJOR BROWN, 1917

not permit you to be cheated if you meet the enemy who is visible but know it. Before you close any deal also courage to meet and vanquish

you will count the cost. If you are enemies more subtle and more permust be resisted. Force must be emsure the thing offered is worth the sistent, more insidious and more ployed to conquer force. But through

price, if you are sure you will be deadly, and of these I warn you. it all you must not forget your oblisatisfied with your bargain next Have courage, then, to make your gation to your fellow men, your remonth, next year and always, then choice, and then pray for stamina lationship to them. They are all sons

take the offer. But be very sure you to stand by that choice. He who of God. Hate must not get into your

are not being deceived by the vendor. loses courage will not long defend heart. You must not be degraded by

The first payment may bear little rethe other virtues. the business at hand. You must

lation to the final cost. Often men go remember that you are going to reon paying long after the item is worn Vou who started your life structure turn home, become a part of civilized

out and useless or has become hateon the foundation of the Ten society, build a home, and rear a ful and abhorrent. Commandments and the Beatifamily. You must remember that

I need not remind you that you tudes, may be somewhat bewildered twentyfive years hence you may must pay for what you get, that you as in this awful business of war you have sons. Above all else you will,

must reap what you sow, that the are taught how to kill. The very at that time, be grateful to God if

law of the harvest is inexorable, that cornerstone of your moral structure they can safely follow in your footthe temporary gratification of an is respect for the lives and rights of steps.

appetite, though it may amount to others, and when you see the word Yes, young man, you are going off ecstasy, must not be the criterion of "not"stricken from the injunction to war, and it's up to you whether value. "Thou shalt not kill,"you may find you win it or lose it. Regardless of

In business we sometimes write difficulty in attempting to uphold the outcome between the nations, off bad deals and forget them, but any of the other moral standards. you yourself have a battle to fight

many of life's bargains are for time Remember this: the arch enemy of and all who know and love you beand eternity. Many of them must be life has set out to destroy the human lieve you're going to win it. They

paid for on the instalment plan, and family, has enlisted human agents to know you will not let them down.

as you go on paying through the assist in his purpose. That purpose They who connect your name with

years you will experience pride and the name of God each day have congratitude or sorrow and shame, defidence in your quality, in your inpending upon the wisdom of your tegrity, in your fidelity, your purity choice. of thought and purpose, your loyalYou will be tempted to consider ty to your country. They know you

some of the prohibitions with which will be true to yourself and to them you have become familiar at home as with God's help. Keep your hand in

oldfashioned and out of focus with His, and may you have the wisdom modern times. You will be told that and the courage to follow.

to continue to observe the standards And so I salute you, youth of of conduct which have guided your 1917, as the father of the man of life thus far is to admit a lack of 1942—together let us try to help the

maturity, is evidence of childishness. youth of today to march fearlessly

A slight deviation from the line of on toward 1 967 when they may look conduct which you have believed to back through twentyfive years and be right may be called trivial and of thank God for guidance in these little consequence. Looking back times of peril.

from 1942, we can see that the point Then they will see "by the dawn's of departure from the highway of early light"that the banners for conduct marked the beginning of a which they fought are still flying detour for some which took them far and are worth all it cost to defend from the goal for which they so them. Together we pray that they

courageously set out. "FLY THE BEAM"may live to have sons who may be

When an air man is taught to fly Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts spared the perils of another war.

HPhis statement on the United Order, * and prevalent misconceptions it, has been in the hands UNITED ORDERS concerningof the editors of The Improvement

By WILLIAM R. PALMER Erainterestfor somenewlymonths.aroused Becausein the subjectof the

the General Conference remarks Formerly President of ofby President Clark, (See J. Reuben Stake Parowan The Improvement Era, NovemberJr.,

1942, page 688, "Private Ownership

Under the United Order"), we conPart I Church its chance to set up a sucsider it timely to present it, indicating cessful United Order again. Brother Palmer's conception of three

been, perthe has types of Order. United Order

I In ignorance thought heUnited had my haps, of the one talked most in that point argument, the some and least but about understood of I it only for that answer had was all the welfare in the movements establish the to time the came when to were honestly, deal commandedChurch. there are members Many

it again get from Order would we alike, and alike receive be "that and look forward for with yearningwho the of the rather than head Church one."ye 51 be (D. C. may:9) & reestablishing the of the system,

I, politicians. too, the from had is This passage doubtless thebut the in United have Order many that socialism idea and United Order of that source the idea the membersmind never in existed has the

if first cousins, identical not were of all society the to things share wereChurch. Moreover, United Order twins. in to or have "share common, andas practiced the among Mormons discussions socialwith These my it alike,"share to but reference had fixed of a type. notwas Several

ist stirred friend to of research a me the allotting of portions to not andseparate unlike systems and have practices in of the the United Order of continuing the practice. The calledbeen in United Order, and interesting the discovChurch, and all Saints to alike look to were Edactual operation these of each had

I eries to of the these as nature made Partridge, favoritism ward no and variations.many in are organizations embodied what in to distribution. the be played was In the popular United mind Orfollows. the This of idea PartBishop was "allder in things means common,"socialism, as Roughly, economan ridge of the Prophet and as Joseph,or alike.""share share or and One ic public system, ownership means will the seen practice be from theythe other these alof phrases comes all control public land of and and in distributing inheritances. followed lips to universally the ofmost those utilities, private of ownership and

It will to clarify help this scripdefinition of venture the a term.who all property. other of kinds

if ture revelation the note publicWriters speakers almost and we why public Communism means ownergiven the towithout was be were exception and these expresuse who all ship control of kinds and of propit. beneficiariessions under refer to erroneously and The many New erty of sources inwealth, and labor

the systems as "socialistic"or "comcluded. York Saints were moving pretty

in to Kirtland, amunistic."Ohio, body much

is Capitalism private ownership that at time the fallacies which Church was these curgained How control of and classes or all any of headquarters. Provision is difficult being to forrency understand, was property, of barter with freedom and to give receive tothe principles them and the of made United Order trade a profitmaking under motive. of to take opportunity care them capitalisticare an somore than much

cialistic or communistic. There was Consecration and Inheritance themselves. Verse sixteen, Section

nothing in the articles of agreement fiftyone of the Doctrine and Coveor in the practices of either plan that What now were these Mormon nants is noteworthy. The organieven suggests the idea of sharing systems which are grouped generzation in Ohio was to last for only

all properties in common. There ally under the name United Order "a little season, until I, the Lord,

was no thought or intention of eliminand miscalled by some communisshall provide for them otherwise."

ating the profit motive from the dealtic and socialistic? The first one proHowever, they were to "act upon this

ings of the societies with other peo claimed as a revelation is recorded land as for years."(D. & C. 51:17)

pie or even among the members in Section fiftyone of the Doctrine Even though the Saints were to rethemselves. and Covenants. The revelation was main there for only a short time,

Such a wide variance from the received by Joseph Smith in May, they still were to improve and depopular concept calls for a support1831, when the Church was only a velop the country.

ing analysis. year old and had few members. It In actual operation under the law

A socialist friend labored long and came to be known variously as "The of consecration and inheritance a hard to convert me to his economic Law of Consecration and Inheritman turned all his properties of every philosophy. He frequently remindance,""Order of Enoch,"and kind over to the Church. He put

ed me that in my capacity as a "United Order."his property legally out of his posChurch official I was not a true shepThis revelation enjoined upon Edsession and. control by conveying it

herd to the flock because one could ward Partridge, the presiding bishto the Church with a deed which not be a true Mormon and not believe op of the Mormon Church, the recould not be revoked. Thus he

in socialism. He said the Church sponsibility of distributing inherit- "consecrated"his possessions and

had tried twice to establish socialances equally and equitably to the himself to the Lord.

ism but had failed because the laws membership who were settling in This done, the Church through and customs of the land were unfaand around Kirtland, Ohio. He was Bishop Partridge then looked the

vorable. He thought that any offito "appoint unto this people their man over to see where he could be

cer in the Church who had the spirit portions, every man equal accordthe most useful to the society and of his calling would see in socialism ing to his family, according to his in what field he was most likely to the opportunity to set right the uncircumstances and his wants and succeed. He was considered "acfavorable conditions and give the needs."(D. & C. 51:3) The people cording to his family, his circum788

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

stances, his wants and his needs,"tained among the people, but the deSuch of that land or lands owned then he was given an "inheritance."cisions were his to make. Legally by the Church elsewhere as was used

The Church gave back to him, also he was a free and independent man. was let to Church members under

by irrevocable deed, a means of susSuch was the law of consecration a system that was called "Stewardtaining himself and those dependent and inheritance as practiced at Kirtship."These members operated the

it, drawupon him. What he received bore land and Thompson Settlement in property as if they owned

no relation to what he turned in, even Ohio. And this was called "United ing their support from it, and any

though it might be the same thing. Order."surpluses it yielded above their necIt might be more in value or less. essities overflowed to the Church

It was a means of sustenance that United Order, Order of Enoch, storehouse. Their tenure was a sort

was deemed ample for himself and Stewardship of life lease, subject to good behavfor his family. If perchance he ior, and the rental was the surplus

were a tradesman, he was given a set When the eyes of the Church which the property yielded. These

of tools; if he could succeed and were turned to the new "Land of tenants could be dispossessed (cast

serve best as a merchant, he was Zion"in Jackson County, Missouri, out) if they were unfaithful in their given a stock of goods; if he were a this system changed somewhat and stewardship.

printer, he was set up in a print was called "United Order,""Order Those who received their inheritshop; if his portion was that of a of Enoch,"and sometimes "Stewardances were also referred to as "stewfarmer, he received a farm as his inship."ards"over their own possessions and

heritance. Church members everywhere were were admonished to faithfulness in

Operation of these inheritances invited to send money to the Prekeeping their covenants to create was carried on in the capitalistic siding Bishop or to Sidney Gilbert and turn over to the storehouse surfashion. The tradesman was to be as purchasing agent, to purchase an pluses to sustain the poor. This latpaid for his services by those who inheritance in Zion. The money was ter class could be "cast out"of the

employed him; the merchant was exused to purchase lands in Jackson Church but never be dispossessed

pected to add enough profit to his County, Missouri. The "consecraof their property.

goods to sustain his family; and the tion"of one's money or property to Something of this consecration

farmer was to sell his produce at the the Church constituted entrance insystem carried down even into the best price obtainable. to the United Order. early Utah days. Church records

Whatever a man's inheritance With money raised in this way, in Cedar City show that in 1856, produced over and above the sup- a large acreage of land in Jackson Seth Dodge, who was moving away, port of his family, overflowed into County, Missouri, was acquired; issued a "consecration deed"to the

the bishop's storehouse. Such surbut due to persecution and mobbings Church for his home, which joined

pluses became a Church fund which no opportunity was given the Church the Cedar Fort wall, and to a city could be used to help other poor to distribute much, if any, of it as lot in the new town survey. For

members to live and secure inheritinheritances. The Church still holds this property he received a credit at

ances, or even to enlarge the inherittitle to much of that land. President the tithing office. Against this credances of men who showed ability to Heber J. Grant once told the Knife it there is an eightydollar charge

handle successfully more property and Fork Club of Kansas City that for tithing. For the balance, he was

and had the faith to turn the surthe Mormon Church held the deeds given an order on the Fillmore Tithpluses into the common storehouse. to much of that city but it could not ing Office. The order would enable

As far as the Church was conget possession of a foot of it. him to purchase an inheritance (a

cerned, an inheritance belonged to home) in Fillmore or wherever he a man in perpetuity. His ownership might be advised to settle.

or freedom of operation of his propThere is nothing in that early syserty was contingent in no way upon tem of consecration and inheritance his faith or faithfulness as a memthat is even suggestive of communber of the society. If he apostatized ism. It was the very opposite of

and fought against the Church, he public ownership and control of all still could not be deprived of his inthe sources of wealth—labor inheritance. He might be deprived of cluded. Property was privately

any other claim or right or priviowned, labor was not regimented, lege in the Church, but his inheritand even the surpluses turned over ance was held by an unbreakable to the Church were freewill offerdeed. ings, for such offerings could not by

When a man received his inheritany legal means be enforced.

ance, he was free to operate it acNor was consecration and inheritcording to his own ideas. No one ance socialism. There was no gentold him what to do or how he must eral public ownership of land or pubmanage his affairs. The proceeds lic utilities, but the Church let out

of his business up to the point of under a form of lease which it called sustaining himself and his depend- "stewardship"such properties as it ents were his to use as he pleased, held title to. The system was capand the legal safeguards against beitalistic, but tempered and restrained

ing deprived of his business enabled in its extremes and in its evil tendhim even to set up his own standards encies by Christian faith and charof living. This might be modified ity. It aimed at perpetual security

to some extent by the teachings of for the Church membership by givhis leaders and the customs that obKIRTLAND TEMPLE {Continued on page 820)

SNOWFALL CHRISTMAS EVE A TRIBUTE TO OUR

By Helen McMahan By Ida Dorsey GLEANER GIRLS

Mabe Reva By the clear shone sunYesterday near Bethlehem, angels sang THE the and sere; lowlands brown On there. glory radiant was And and earth created heaven God light of the has need worldNow gifts, When the Eastern manger knew The wide, vast oceans valleys and With of white. inBuried a shroud in prayer. knelt But Mary it life birth light and and He gave

Yesterday the wind soughed free The stars still shine on Bethlehem, And still He was not satisfied;

Through each shivering forest tree; And one's rays always shine.

Now it's held in frosty thrall Oh, Christ, how dare we so forget And then with wisdom great He said,

While the whirling snowflakes fall. The glory that is Thine? "There's something missing from this sphere.

It's not enough these valleys wide.

Yesterday the open brooks Blind eyes, deaf ears, and scornful lips More light and joy must enter here."

Ran through fields and wooded nooks; Are turned toward Thy cross,

Now quiescent, they lie low, While little children know Thee not, So He a golden moonbeam sought

Mantled deep in ice and snow. But worship Santa Claus. And moulded it with tender care.

sunlight caught had added He He stars Bethlehem, night, on with Some starlings the sang;Yesterday rare. blossoms sweet perfume from And again, kneel mankind May their rang; theIn music marsh

of the peace need learned on earth Having feeble they with sounds wingNow of purity streams, virgin The will men. toward good Thy And feeding their grounds. snowsweptTo cease, that never melodies And

loveliness dreams, of heavenly this withal, I know: TheYet much masterpiece. added to His God at its best is snow.Winter

He gathered all the grace and charm

A BEEKEEPERS PRAYER AndThen beautylife He fromgave thethisrarestgloriouspearls,form

By Mrs. James H. Burky And thus God made our Gleaner Girls.

God, give me of Thy power, that I may see that in the things she adores.Rich beauty

alight, looks she, with eyes up to me TWICE AS MUCH FUNWhen

With faith that I will help her; I implore By Nellie D. Hanny

Thy aid, that I may look beyond the small boys two little is doubled when that things are daily store, worldlyAnd my strength, love, blocks to play with give to her and and toys, THESitfundownAnd my my call For when Ned laughs, Ben laughs too,

To all that's best within her, to grow more And the fun is doubled, as I've told you!

Deserving of the joys that crowd her days,

And help my BeeHive Girl to walk Thy ways. VALIANT ONES

of worth myself proved then if I have And life is mirth, By Grace Sayre love and made of whose To her often now, with dustingcloth in I'llMoreof happyThy benedictionto have beenbe morea girl surewith her. Howhand,

I pause to hear wings overhead, and stand

ASSURANCE Photograph by Salt Lake Tribune GazingWhere silverupwardshipsto theirare quicklylight so sailinghigh, by.

By Rose T. Graham LOVE KEEPS CHRISTMAS Yet after drone of motors cease their din,

I'd deaf I think were still tipped, point of chin find my head my IF I hear By Clarence Edwin Flynn I call of chanticleer, the morning after gone, long they are Skyward roundelay, for the... music Dance

laughing children and at their play. LOVELightskeepsa Christmascandle, trimseverya tree.year, RememberingThinking maybethe thismusicone ofheldtheirthesonglad

If I were blind I think I'd know Hangs a stocking, scatters cheer. Who is the only love I ever had.

merrily. carol a Sings of golden the glow; the yellow

he'll the ones, these valiant with make Now finger lilac through The my year, every Christmas keeps Love lips. silk rosepetals on and tips,my to say, things of happy Thinks birth. for son's place dear his own A betterearth

see, nor hear I neither my Lord, it!"—Silent my head BringsWhy not?hearts Christmasfrom the distanceis its day!near. "So bowed,may God grant in the soul of me. yet feel Him

I know these valiant ones will make us

DREAM DIVER THE TREE proud.

By Genevieve J. Van Wagenen By Charles F, Thomas, Jr.

FAITH slippers, his fame vaunting dons night nor he glory crown EACH No sail for blanket bestow, content bay. such To Can Wright Brown By Kathryn

tired his sire's name, in he's of weary and though man And As pride

From a day of hardest play, Which like a tree may grow. confident and faithful one

of old eager, are bright amulet His eyes and Like treasured touched hem, His garment's Who call. to adventures For beck and me It was given bear, OHealing was yours when you believed,

His sleepers in reality A worthy name in trust to hold, Nor cared lest men condemn.

Aren't ever that at all, To cherish, keep untarnished, wear.

But a queer deep sea diving suit My stewardship I know must end O nations, torn by futile greed,

To wear in that wondrous sea; And that with me must go, How long until you find

He gathers many beautiful dreams, Which given me I could not lend. In just this touching of His robe

Even though he's only three. The tree has fallen low! All peace of heart and mind?

THE TRAIL A TRUE SHORT STORY By WILLIAM W.

SEEGMILLER President o/ the Brazilian Mission

ThreeJake Crosby,weeks beforeJoe Ford,Christmas,and I left Kanab to round up fiftyTHEHE LANDEDPACK ANDFLATGIANTON horses to take them to a natural POWDER AND CAPS pasture on the sandstone of the FLEW INTIONSALL DIRECeld inc

Grand Canyon. We told our folks

that we would be home in seven days.

Jake and Joe had never been to the tions. I held my breath for the blast.

pasture, which I had used for a good helpless? We must go down; it is It did not come. Jake said that it

many years. The trail into the canimpossible to go back!"was because we had all just offered

at this pointyon is known to be one "We'll silent prayer. got Dudley We

of the most in this dangerous coun- "We willkillif themwe tryall!"to gohe back!"cried. I aup. not broken, but His legs were

try, being steep and dangerous for shouted. "Crowd your horses! Keep every time he inhaled, his forehead

a man to ride on it even in dry their heads downhill! Don't let them would go out and in like a bellows.

weather. But these cowboys were turn around."Just at dark we made camp in a

allexpectant for the thrills in prosJoe shouted, "If Blondy were out cave, but seven of our horses had pect. of my bunch I might make it. Look gone to a greener pasture whence

When we arrived at the head of at her on lead and trying to come they have not returned.

the trail, snow was falling fast. I back."Next morning there were eighteen

told my companions that we must "I'll get her,"and at this I threw inches of snow on the sand rock. I

hurry or the trail would become so my lasso. It slipped like a flash had never seen snow there before.

slippery that our horses could not around her neck. I put my full After we had located our horses and

stay on it since they were unshod. weight on the rope and she pivoted found some fresh ones we began to

After adjusting our packs, I suggestaround. Down she came as if on think about getting out of the caned that we divide the band in three skates. I stepped aside, and as she yon. Although we had a dry camp

groups to avoid the danger of the passed I threw my rope and let her and plenty of wood, we could do no horses crowding each other off. I go. She went through the narrows work on the trail or watering place

took the leaders and put my saddle and kept her feet. "Now, Joe, Blondy The snow was too deep, and our

horse at the head of them. He was won't bother you. Come ahead!"powder and caps were gone.

well acquainted with the trail. Joe Joe threw his arms around the One morning after the skies

took the second division, and Jake neck of his pet mare, and with his cleared, Jake asked, "Bill, how are the last. cheek on hers he said with deep emowe going to get out of here?"

For about onethird of the way tion and real affection, "Kitty, if you "The same way we came in,"I down, all went well. Then the horses roll down this mountain, I'll never replied.began to slip into each other. Snow go back—I'll never go home!""Can't be done,"retorted Joe.

was falling so'fast that the trail was At this point Jake, for the first "Didn't you say that a horse couldn't invisible, but my saddle horse led time since the trouble, began to go up that trail when snow is on it?"

the way. When we reached the narspeak. "Yes, Joe, goahead. Did "Yes, but there is so much snow

rows where the trail goes between you hear Bill say to pray more and now that your horse won't slip. We

and through the ledges, the strange swear less? Well then, do it!"must lead our horses and break trail

horses became panicky and some "Look out, Bill! Here comes the slowly."

tried to turn back, but the trail was pack horse with the box of powder "I agree with Joe,"Jake said. "It

too slippery. They could slip down, and caps!"cried Joe. I made myself can't be done."

but not up. as thin as I could against the ledge. "Tomorrow we will go to the foot

Now Joe began to show signs of Down came Dudley endover-end, of the trail. Next morning we will

panic and called to'me, saying, not even touching the pack, landing start up. It will take all day,"I ad-

"We're crazy! We can't get down. first on his head and then on his tail. vised.

We must go back."As he reached the spot where I stood As planned, we went to the foot of

I answered, "Can't you see that he landed flat on the pack and giant the trail. After we retired for the

the horses that try to go back are powder and caps flew in all direc- (Continued on page 806)

SAM BRANNAN AND THE MORMONS By in. ajdy. aU&uucL

PAUL BAILEY

PART III

F all the memories of my life, not one is so bitter as that dreary six months'"Ovoyage on an1 emigrant ship around the Horn."So spoke one woman

who had shared that long journey.

But now the bitter and dreary voyage of the old Brooklyn was at an—notend. Theas Saintsconquerors,were inasCaliforniaSamuel

Brannan had visioned, but as bearers of the truth, and colonists under the new flag.

The day opened, not with glorious sunshine, for a fog hovered over Yerba Buena, and a mist hiding all from view; but through

the fog we descried the forms of whalers, sloopsof-war; and waving from the barracks [the old adobe customs house on the

plaza] the wellknown and glorious flag of our country. A salute from the fort was

responded to by the Brooklyn and all hearts felt more cheerful and secure; and in a few

moments, uniformed men trod the deck. We SAN FRANCISCO (YERBA BUENA) AS IT APknew they were friends.... In our sweet PEARED IN 184647 TO THE "BROOKLYN"

SAINTS... in officer thenative tongue command provide could "old adobe"The

Collection Courtesy, Behrman Martin I gentlemen, said, "Ladiescourteously and sixteen the colonof for housing but that to are inform the you honor youhave ists. tents va- a pitched on Others Three Statesin of America."the United of ets. tenseness impendwhen And

is lot cant near Washingwhat in now from reply given cheers werehearty witheventually ing passed danger... lips, hearts Stillfaint from and weary and Street ton Montgomery. and incident, military of aspect out any still.2loyal desertat the quarters others found in the arrival the vanished Mormon

hill the over from Dolores ed Mission the the of landing BrookWith providof immediate problem more of a sudden ingress town. With pilgrims,lyn's seaweary the Church paying ing food and shelter—and in the midst of immigrants Saints shipload Christ of Latterdayof Jesus off onethousand-dolthe company's

began its history in California. It of a war, the tiny Mexican village's lar debt to Captain Richardson.

was a humble start. To these Amerifacilities were sorely taxed. Yerba Buena, its resources alcans, fresh from the bustling centers Yerba Buena, at the time of the ready exhausted by the American

of the Atlantic seaboard, accustomed Brooklyn s entry, bore little resemforces of occupation, could furnish to most of the civilized comforts of blance to the future metropolis of little sustenance to the shipload of that day, it could not have been an San Francisco. What the Saints beimmigrants suddenly thrown upon

easy one. held was a sleepy village in the the town. For a time living was

hills, of nine possessed sand left ship beef, The of unpalatBrooklyn us on the rocks at cove's jerked poor—with

Its population numberedthe dwellings. foot [Clarke's of what Broadway is now able quality, gravelsprinkled and

thisPoint]. point directed our From we half families, a old Spanish several these wheat. even Soon Mexicansteps old to the adobe on [now] Dupont Inhundred one Americans, dozen gone. passed and weeks were As It firstStreet. shelter to the the us from was

officers from marines and dians, and littlechilling store of food further shrank the winds. Brooklyn's [toward on A

Jackson Street], stood the adobe of old the ship Portsmouth. to nothing, actual want stalked the

sort"English a kept of depot Jack,"who the Since in imminent colony. town stood

for daily, the milk with woman, came who peril of attack, Mexican Samuel to bottles ofa old horse milk hung dozen an When I soaked the mouldy bread, bought and which retailed at a real [twelve and a Brannan's seventy soldiers were from whale ships lying in the harbor, and half cents] per bottle. At this time, where welcome additions to the public garfried it in tallow, taken from the rawhides

the lying on beach, God made it sweet to Stockton and are Jacksonnow Streets, were rison. never the enemy Somehow child.4 me and ofthe outer boundaries the town.8 my

coland the to show itself, managed in Tullidge, quoted Colonel of dolJackson, Wife that onethousand was There activities onists'conwere soon war MormondomWomen lar Richardson, and the probdebt to Tullidge, as Crocherson, quoted drilling by 2Augustof Joyce in their fined to plaza on the 1888 Mar. Galaxy,Western

3Tullidge, pp. 44748 shipsewn uniforms and navy muskTullidge, Women of Mormondom. o. 446 of Mormondom, Women

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DTCEMBER, 1942

lem of repayment. After some disous attitude toward things religious forms, Alcalde Bartlett gathered

cussion it was agreed that the Brookutterly failed to heal the cleavage around him an American jury, and lyn would take on a cargo of lumbetween himself and the Saints in proceeded to hear the affair Ameriber for its return passage, and the his charge. Complaints constantly can style.

captain was willing enough to acarose over management of the afLawyer Hyde, who had come on cept such in payment of the debt. fairs of Brannan & Company. In acthe Brooklyn, eloquently presented

Elder Brannan selected a stout Morcordance with the agreement signed the case for plaintiffs. Col. C. W.

mon crew, equipped them with axes aboard ship, all business transacRussell served as counsel for the deand sawmill irons, and dispatched tions pertaining to the organization fendant. But it was Samuel, who

them to the Marin forests to haul out were conducted through the firm with characteristic vigor, did most the Brooklyn's cargo. The task was name and under the sole direction of the defending.

willingly and speedily accomplished. of the "First Elder."As an unit was the sparklingWith payment of this final obligacompromising leader, Samuel BranWhether

tion, the old Brooklyn hoisted sail. nan exacted strict obedience to courtroom oratory of Samuel BranWhen she glided through the rocky every rule. Many of the brethren nan which swayed the jury, or the

portals of the Golden Gate, she vancomplained of his highhanded, insupportable premise of the comished forever from Mormon history. roughshod tactics. His merciless plaints, history attests a verdict of

guilty.""not court declared The ship excommunications aboard had of dissension Conscious growing contract, the of for period signed a his to popularity. nothing added his charges, Brannan Samuelamong three years, broken. could not be to In counter desperate attempt reinject into the to endeavorednow given, verdict the Samwas When rift, this disturbing he excommuniof colonists of thehearts the some is uel to said exultantly exhave this three brethren. cated more And spiritualrich at fervor apparent so claimed: truth mighty "The was retribustirred of act hornet's nest athe of beginning the voyage. Conprevailed!"and tion. to Several appealed Captaintrary to policy of the the missionary

Prophet Joseph Smith, Elder BranMontgomery for redress. They Thus ended the first jury trial in

nan repeatedly had cautioned the claimed to be tired of Brannan & California-—though by no means did

Saints against publicly discussing Company, wished to withdraw from it end the mounting problems faced the restored gospel. "When anyone its chafing obligations, and comby the redoubtable Brannan. Branasks you the meaning of Mormonplained of bad treatment. Moreover, nan & Company already was showthe stipulations ing with accordance of disintegration. signs But deism,"is to in declared, he "tell them"E 'It of they the agreement, spite demanded squabbling he and dissension, one'smind Such own business.'

churlish attitude toward earnest seekers of the truth had gained them nothing in Honolulu and was not likely to swell the ranks in Yerba

Buena. Without discussion or opposition, the ensign of truth scarcely

fluttered in the calm, and Elder

Brannan's spiritual drive apparently went unavailing.

Whatever Samuel Brannan's attitude toward nonMormons may have been, his religious demands on his flock were certainly austere and exacting enough. Religious services were immediately instituted in

the Portmaster's Casa Grande, Elder Brannan called his Saints to worship with a small handbell conveniently hung in the plaza.

Powerful and vigorous were his verbal hammerings at the Saints

Public Library Courtesy Los Angeles their share of the common stock ofto remain shun all tempfaithful—to

the joint company. in thistations land of gentiles. Findto the drove forward program which

la, who came to Yerba Buena in the Captain Montgomery immediatehe had set his efforts.

fall of 1847, says he heard Samuel ly instituted a court of inquiry. Suit With the machinery brought west

Brannan preach, and that "the Morwas brought by William Harris, one in the Brooklyn he built two flour mons then did not preach very differof the number, against Brannan. At mills on Clay Street. The press and

ent from other men."For a time this time the municipal machinery type which had printed the MessenSamuel Brannan was the only of Yerba Buena was entirely Mexiger in New York were set up, and

preacher the town possessed. There can in form. There was no ayuntafrom them issued San Francisco's

never had been a regular house of miento, or town council, and the alfirst newspaper, the California worship in the village. Even the calde was absolute in power. WashStar. Space for business estabpriest of Mission Dolores had deington A. Bartlett, a pompous naval lishments decidedly was at premium

serted his post on the arrival of the officer, filled the alcalde's post under in the town. The first printing

American navy. military administration, and it was was done in the second story loft of

Yet the Mormon elder's punctilibefore him as trial judge that the an old storehouse and grist mill on rDunlap, Thesis, Ms., Undergraduate Department, case finally was heard. With an the north side of Clay Street. BeUniversity of California amazing disregard for Mexican (Continued on vage 804)

great or<ymany organizations in the menealoquthe female side of the family as well as United States are based upon AMERICAN SOCIETIES to the male, thus recognizing a geneagenealogical descent, each and number. yearA adds to the Some of BASED ON logicalcestor hasprincipleas greatthatantheinfluencefeminineuponanthem are purely social and others have, GENEALOGICAL DESCENT the character of the descendant as the

in addition to their genealogical remale.

quirements, some distinct lines of patriBy Frederic J. Haskin The Daughters of the Revolution is

otic work usually pertaining to the Author and Nationally Known the name of a society organized a little preservation of historic documents, the Newspaper Correspondent later than the Society of the Daughters marking of historic spots or some simiof the American Revolution, having lar objects. While many people ridislight difference in the requirements for

cule them as undemocratic in spirit, as has united with the Sons of the Amerimembership.

well as snobbish in their exclusiveness, can Revolution. The Colonial Dames of America is

it must be admitted that their work is The Society of the Daughters of the an organization to which future hisworthy and inspiring. American Revolution is the largest torians will owe much because of its

To an extent at least they tend to progenealogical and patriotic organization valuable published works. The organimote respect and reverence for the of women in the world. Some persons zation is composed of members who can

worthv deeds of those who helped to claim that their records are faulty and trace their descent from an ancestor found the country, even though in many it is urged that, judging by their acwho settled in America before 1750.

instances their records may seem exagcredited ancestry, the revolutionary Its work is more social than active, algerated to the uninitiated. There are army contained only officers, as no though through its different branches it

more women's organizations than member of the society claims descent has done much towards the preservamen's, probably because women have from a private soldier. tion of historic documents. There are

more time to devote to such matters But such criticisms as these would branch organizations in the different than men. be difficult to sustain. Owing to the states.

The General Society of Mayflower limited records and the lack of experiThe Daughters of the Confederacy

Descendants is an organization conenced genealogists, some of the earlier is composed of the descendants of confined exclusively to descendants, both lines of descent may have been faulty, federate officers and soldiers of the male and female, of the passengers who but each year the scrutiny becomes more Civil War. The organization waj

came over to this country in the Mayrigid and only the most absolute proof founded in 1894, at Nashville, Tennflower, including all those who signed of descent from a revolutionary soldier essee.

the "compact."The society is chiefly will gain admittance. The published Organizations based upon noble linsocial, although indirectly it is influrecords of the descent of the members eages are not popular with the great

ential in the collection and preservation of the society has in itself been a valumass of Americans, who do not consider of historic documents and the observable contribution to the genealogical it patriotic to revert to class distincance of historic dates. It holds trienliterature of the country. tions supposedly contrary to the connial meetings at Plymouth, MassachuThe D. A. R. has stimulated local stitution of their own nation. Lately,

setts. There are state organizations in patriotism in remote places in all parts however, this feeling is lessening, and

Connecticut, Illinois, Maine, Massachuof the country by seeking out historic with the renewed interest in genealogy setts, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, spots and marking the neglected graves comes the desire to register the pedi and the District of Columbia, each of of patriots in a manner that has been gree back even to royalty. An Ameriwhich has its own separate activities widely influential in securing interest can organization effected in Philadelunder its own governing board. Simiin their preservation. The society honphia a number of years ago, which is

lar in scope to the Mayflower Descendors the mothers of heroes by accepting still popular although its membership ants is the order of Founders and Pathe descent of members who belong to is necessarily limited, is the Order of triots of America, which was organized Runnymede. Its members must be

MINUTEMAN, CONCORD, MASSACHUSETTS, HISTORIC in 1896. of the descendants one of some SYMBOL OF AMERICAN DEproved PATRIOTS AND THEIR There are two orders, both of the SCENDANTS grant to forced King John barons who

Sons and the Daughters of the RevoluPhotograph by H. Armstrong Roberts the famous Magna Charta.

tion, which seem to have practically An organization known as the Order the same objects, though why they are of Washington claims to be the most divided no one seems quite to underchivalrous organization in the United stand. They are distinguished by the States. It was formed in Washington

addition of the word American, and in 1908 and has now a large and influthe distinction seems of great imporential membership. The qualifications

tance to the members of each. The for membership require an ancestor

oldest of these is the Order of the Sons who arrived in America prior to 1750, of the Revolution, which was founded who was a landowner or the founder of in 1876. It holds triennial meetings. a town, who held some official, miliThe order is composed of the lineal male tary, naval, or ministerial position in

descendants of soldiers, sailors, and one of the colonies, and who had a demarines who performed active service scendant who assisted the colonies to in the Revolutionary War between secure their independence. The ob1775 and 1783. ject of the order is similar to the orders

The National Society of the Sons of chivalry in Europe, and it is named of the American Revolution is of more for General Washington. The insignia

recent origin, having been founded in consists of an ovalshaped medal on

April, 1889. Its requirements for memwhich is a likeness of Washington. It

bership are similar to the older organiis suspended from a red, white, and blue zation. A California organization, ribbon. The motto is Verite sans peur

known as "The Sons of Revolutionary (truth without fear), and there is a full

Sires,"which was organized in 1875, coat of arms of historic derivation.

(DufiaJdmimt 4- duadiatL

American culture from the days of tion in the education of American youth.

the Pilgrim Fathers has been charThis is not to infer that our public acterized by the establishment RELIGION schools are at present without religious throughout the land of churches and IN values. But if there is any validity in

schools. They are regarded in this the assumptions of religion, all educacivilized essence of as the country

ing. large In our towns both and small livPUBLIC SCHOOLS tivespiritualprocessesframe thatof referencehave no andinclusivethat

the church and the school usually stand do not build lasting loyalty to ideals out as our best buildings symbolizing By DR. M. LYNN BENNION and purposes which only religious faith

the eminent esteem in which the ChristSupervisor of Seminaries can permanently support are fatally ian philosophy of life is held. L.D.S. Department of Education weak and will in the long run result in

The public school in America is in a social disintegration.

very true sense the child of the church. The subject may be approached from

In colonial times the school was supanother angle with the same general conported by private subscription with the turally reflected the prevailing culturclusion. The trend in American eduactive encouragement and support of al pattern. The work of life generally cational philosophy in recent years has

the church. The heart and core of edubecame more departmentalized. Indibeen to establish education upon a

cation was the Bible, and the ethics and viduals specialized. The various broad cultural base. It is contended

principles of the church were freely exbranches of science became popular that the school should be the communpounded. In the colleges Hebrew and specialties. ity in miniature and that every legitiGreek languages were taught that the Certain popular theories of the unimate community interest—civic life, infuture leaders of society might better verse presented by science were not dustry, labor, social work—should find

understand the Word of God. Atsympathetic theistic beliefs. Pragma- a place in its program. The curriculum

tendance at chapel was compulsory. tism, the prevailing philosophy of the should be built out of normal experiBible reading, sacred songs, and prayer schools, substituted social idealism for ences in community living. The one

constituted the daily agenda for opentraditional religious values. conspicuous exception is religion. A

ing exercises in all schools. Textbooks In line with the trend to secularize school would naturally apologize for

taught the choice lessons of life. Drama and specialize, the administration of one of its graduates who does not know

and poetry were inspired by the tenets charity shifted from the church to the how government, industry, or recreaof the church. Lessons in McGuffey's government and to private agencies. tion is organized in his town. How,

Fifth Eclectic Reader, dated 1879, beThe treatment of the sick became, for then, can the school be complacent over gan with such titles as "The Hour of the most part, a function of secular graduating people who are religiously

Prayer,""Religion the Only Basis of hospitals; settlement of disputes—the illiterate? The fault cannot properly

Society,""The Bible the Best of Clasfunction of the courts; the teaching of be placed upon school administrators

Bible."Resics,"Mother's and but rather in the function "My of suspicion of complex an Emily manners—the

in the eledid not stopligious teaching fear that religious Post. effort as the most surrounds popuand Movies arose

mentary grades. To give religious lar of an amazing variety of secular wherever the public interest as a whole

training was the very purpose for the entertainments. Religion became a is involved.

founding and maintenance of church smaller and smaller segment of our culand other privately endowed universitural, intellectual life. The Task Ahead

frequentlyties It is very and colleges. Is task not our immediate to redediResults of Secularized Education charters. in their originalso stated cate ourselves to the right of philosophy

With such a foundation for an AmeriWe are now concerned with the seclife, to a thoroughgoing system of educan school program it is amazing to ond generation of Americans who have cation? Let us start now by seeing to

discover that religion has not only lost had nothing approaching adequate init that our teachertraining institutions its central position in the school prostruction in Christian philosophy and prepare teachers to do something more gram but is practically extinct as a subthe teachings of the Bible. Having important than merely quicken the

ject of study. What has caused the alneglected the Word of God we are minds of our children, or train them to

most complete secularization of our stolid and cold to the impulses of rebe skillful in some narrow field. They

schools during the past half century? ligion. Being unimaginative and dull in must also be able to guide them into the

The original cause was the sectarianthis respect, we are dwelling in the fundamentals of Christian character.

ism of the churches themselves. The lower ranges of the civilized practices Teachers successful in this realm are

rise of state taxsupported schools and of life. We enjoy the intense activithe real sentinels entitled to places on

colleges in the nineteenth century ties of the physical universe more than the walls of the city.

aroused intense denominational controthe cultural practices of the mind. "The Some say we do want religion, but

versy as to curricula content for these unity of life which belonged to simpler add, "There is a law against its being societies schools. Sectarianism has been up ecolost becausenew showed taught!"made Who those laws? We

pursuits at its worst.here church inthe nomic put under Each have been did, largely indifference. by our We

sisted that its particular tenets be exdomain of the acquisitive spirit, subhave been unable to agree on curricula ject to taught.clusively different not, therefore, a morality It was for the school system. Meanwhile, from1 that

art, science,the protest religion."of of atheists of sectarianbut and officials school are pressed by an inism which took religion out of the It may be cogently argued that the dustrial age that knows what it wants.

schools. There were other significant evidences of disintegration in our social But even though Christian churches

contributing factors. The growth of institutions and the collapse of estabmay seek and find a common basis for

knowledge increasingly crowded the lished sanctions upon which the integcooperation in teaching Christianity curriculum. Many of the courses larity of our social and political structure in the schools, what about the nonbeled "elective"vigorously competed is dependent, are traceable in large part Christian minority? Present conditions

for the time and attention of students. to the loss of a definite religious orientaemphasize the fact that their security

A general secularization of life in AmerMCepler, T. S., Contemporary Religious Thought, p. today in America is insured because

ica took place. The schools quite na224 (Continued on page 820)

raphies of early Latterday Saint Church and Utah pioneer leaders.

The author, under the authorization ofGtLifuL SdoJl (Radc President Heber J. Grant, sonin-law of

has Wells, devoted months H. many

all interested are in the by IN corned Book Daniel who CHRIST FOR WITNESSA NEW in to research extensive has brought and results in that the of flowed and Mormon OF BOOK MORMONAMERICA—THE ability, affection real his task and sympathy

its Printing appearance."Zion's Kirkham. from (Francis W. It for the his subject has of been book.

1942. that Missouri. the order indeed In prove book Independence, mayCompany, far to the career adequately from cover easy

it sell will to missionary, Dr. a Kirkham $1.50.) pages.416 friend sincere of the a and was man who

the missionaries missions in L. in S. and D. of President of collaborator active every estimated this be of can book worth for for dollar missionary stakes purposes oneTHE Smith, the Prophet, the from Church Joseph written Dr. prefatory note by the by if it will directly desiring to those the send to from President Grant, and who, Nauvoo reprint here: which Widtsoe we A. John publishers to at or 109 him South 2nd West to granting the of times within years a few a has withstood of Street, Mormon Book Salt "The City, Lake Utah.—J. W. in of positions A the to Statehood Utah, held

it manmade. to attempts prove of century civic of utmost Church and government

it assaults fierce unending H. HIS and DANIEL Despite LIFE WELLS, his to people. importance

attention the and challenge to continues TIMES AND scrutiny of the world. (Bryant S. Hinckley. Deseret News Press.) Among these positions were active aid to

in the President Brigham moving Young opposition has this vigorous result of "A recently completed biography the of of Saints Salt to Lake; from Nauvoo of large The Morof a formation Book the been Daniel Wells, H. His Life and Times for to President counselor twenty Young sought foe have literature. Friend andmon

is S. Bryant Hinckley, by notable a most years; Salt of lieutenantgen- mayor Lake; to support evidences and sifted sources and

list to and important addition the of biogpage 806) on {Concluded thorso been have books their views. Few

oughly examined.

"The first task that Dr. Kirkham has set

himself in this book is to assemble and digest all that has been said about the Book of

Mormon. And he has not confined himself

to one side of the question. Antias well asproMormon works and opinions are quoted Qominq, #&l Jvri&imaA!

freely and fairly. That enables the reader

more intelligently and surely to form his own conclusions. A new book—A soulstirring, human interest

is served by purpose important "Another of approach to Church Historycentury than a After more this book.

heated discussion, it would seem that all the historical facts connected with the appearance of the Book of Mormon would be known. Yet, as in all historical research,

new facts are discovered from time to time.

This is so in the Book of Mormon controversy. Dr. Kirkham himself has been the

means of bringing to light facts of the highest importance relative to the 'coming forth'and publication of the Book. This material

is also woven into the chapters of this book. "All this has been done by the methods Events of His Time"

and in the language of today. That is, the By BRYANT S. HINCKLEY

approach is modern, and therefore more easily comprehended by today's people. With chapters by

the past, of of studies restatementsSuch in RULON S. WELLS and ANNIE WELLS CANNON are later scholarship, commonthrough

every department of learning. Published privately by

"This book is really an amplification of the author's Source Material Concerning PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

the Origin of the Book of Mormon. This and distributed by the Deseret Book Company

earlier work, now out of print, has been used successfully at home and in the misstudents it that field. acceptable wassion So "It in is interwoven never my character

encouraged theof of Mormon Book Dr. to betray a friend, or a brother, my country, this larger and more to undertakeKirkham

comprehensive study and thereby make a my religion or my God."

better use of his many years of research in (Daniel H. Wells)

this field.

thoroughthis book is a scholarly, "While of inFollow such a personality through the soultesting all sources recognizinggoing work formation and stating all views, yet throughit, because of the overwhelming evidence, drama of Mormonism from Joseph Smith to Heber runs the central thesis that the Book ofMormon is divine. This book can not be J. Grant and you see LOYALTY at its human best.

read without becoming more and more convinced that the Book was translated and $2.50 postpaid*

given to the world by the gift and power of God. "The Book of Mormon and the method of its 'coming forth'bear a glorious testimonyto all the world that Jesus is the Christ, DESERET BOOK COMPANY into the enters lives that andand He af44 East South Temple Street propeace, joy, for theirfairs and of all men gress in earth life, and that men after death Salt Lake City, Utah live on in another world of activity, made more glorious for those who have been Advance mail orders will be filled as fast as the book obedient to the gospel message. The Book comes from the press.

of Mormon is, indeed, a new witness for *Add 2% sales tax in Utah. in America.Christ

"This book, prepared with loving care and faith by Brother Kirkham will be wel796.

Ce XHEurcinnoves=5JO Historic Keys, Boilers has recently come from the press. It L. D. S. Meeting Places in Britain

illustrations five contains over hundred Drive Scrap ToGo Anastasiou, Brother K. Lon- A. "pROM historical well biographical as as and * list of keys, old of addresses of don, them some of group comes a A the material about have who women

rein Britain, places "V the dating of to the 'sixties,'Church back was the meeting the organization from grow made cently donated to the national salvage original eighteen members to one hunprinted here for the benefit of Latterdrive by the Church. Included in the dred fifteen thousand members. day Saints in the armed services stacollection were numerous large brass tioned "over there."

and copper keys that were handmade, Church Buildings Dedicated Aberdeen, Corn Exchange, 5 Hadden St.

to S. Hall, the of L. piounlock old 9 Church doors heavy D. Over the Accrington, of A. Callis Charles St. era. interestingneer the most Perhaps "PlderL'dedicated of the Council Twelve St. Airdrie, Hall, S. 136 L. D. Graham folding the that foldedwere keys—keys of the the Allison chapel St. Branch 19 Aldershot, WestEdward into jackknife. like the handle a

ern States mission, September 1 1 Barnsley, Arcade Buildings.

Four old boilers which were installed Elder George Albert Smith of the Batley, L. D. S. Hall, Well Lane.

underground three hundred feet north Council of the Twelve dedicated the Belfast, 122 North St.

Blackburn, Chambers, 4 Heaton of the Heaton northwest of the Salt corner Virginia) Huntington Branch (West

St. in for the 1893 heatingLake Temple of chapel States the Central East MisChapel, S. L. Bradford, Woodlands D. lighting buildings of the and on Temple sion, 19. October St., Off City Rd. also Square, have the been donated by Elder the Fielding of Smith Joseph Brighton, Parade. 77 Grand to the national Church metal scrap of the the Council dedicated L. Bristol, Hall, S. Zion Rd. Twelve D boilers campaign. not been have The Rd., L. 1 Liverpool Chapel, S. Burnley, D. South Gate Angeles South Los Ward,

used for many years. Stake, October 25. Rosegrove.

St. 15 S. L. Broad Bury, Chapel, D. President Clark, dediJr., J. Reuben

St. Buys OldChurch Hall, S. L. Gordon Clayton, D. the Falls cated hospital S. Idaho L. D.

Hall. Unity Derby, FilePalmyra Paper nurse's 4. home, November St. Hall, Trafford S. L. Doncaster, D. recently purchased has ChurchHPhe Hall, L. S. 8 Dublin, Merrion D. Row. Passed Have Away Who volume a bound SenThose of the Wayne St. Library, Eastwood, Church

tinel, covering a period from October St, at Edinburgh, Enquire ninetyone, oldest 48 London H. Pett, male 9, Henry

S. Hall, St. 1829, Gainsborough, 1830, in the first L. D. 4b Silver which to June 18, resident City, of Brigham oxand an

announcements of the Book of Morteam pioneer of 1856, died in Brigham City, Gateshead, Westfield Hall, Westfield mon were published. It definitely fixes October 10. Terrace.

the date of publication of the book. Julia Ellertson Robinson, ninetyfour, Glasgow, Masonic Hall, Southside, 30

Place.C.5. Abbotsford family the were confirst Danish old purchased newspapers wereThe St. 1 Peacock late by whoseverts the of Elder Erastus and Gravesend, Snow, director of theElder D. Giles, John Hall, Thrift Grimsbey, pioneer of 1855, died Salt 22 at OctoberBureau of Information, Palmyra, New Lake City. Halifax, 13 Byron St., HansenPastureLane.St.

York. Wayne Lindsay Bennion, thirtysix, asHandsworth, L. D. S. Chapel, 23 Booth

sociate professor of accounting and busiSt.

Relief Society Issues ness administration at the Utah State AgriHanley, Percy St.

Centennial Volume cultural College, died October 20. The son Hucknall, Byron Buildings.

Hull, St. Beeley 29 L. D. S. Chapel, Elder Milton of the Bennion Sunday Society, of Relief a of A Centenary Kidderminster, St. L. Chapel, D. S. Park general superintendency, School he had-** covering the hisninety-page book 1 Kingstanding, filled Orpington Rd. to the Islands, a mission and Hawaiian

tory of the Relief Society organization, was a former member of the Parowan Stake Leeds, L. D. S. Hall, 5 King Charles St.

high council. Leicester, All Saints Open, Great Central St.

Letchworth, Vasanta Hall, Gernon Walk.

SOMEWHERE IN HAWAII Liverpool, L. D. S. Chapel, 301 Edge

Lane Service men of Army, Navy, and Marine Corps leaving at conclusion of Sunday morning reliLondon Chapels gious services conducted by Chaplain

Jr., E. Curtis, division artillery Theo. North London, 59 Clissold Rd., N. 16. chaplain.

community in South West, 149 Nightingale Lane, S.W.

is available made Curtis church—somewhereto Chaplain

, 12. service and ThisHawaii—thevillage through the courtesy of men

Rev. John Beck, pastor. South East, 61 Gareth Grove, Bromley,

Both nonsectarian and L. D. S. services Kent.

are held here by Chaplain Curtis. West London, 58 Wellesley Rd., Gunnersbury.W.4.

Loughborough, Adult School.

Lowestoff, L. D. S. Hall, 20 Clapham Rd.

are These boys among the Luton,Mansfield,Dallow39a Rd.AlbertHall,St. Dallow Rd. of L. thousands D. S. men

in the armed forces stationed Manchester, L. D. S. Hall, 88 Clarendon

all over the are world who Rd., C.on.M.

worshipping weekly under the Merthyr Tydfil, L. D. S. Chapel, Penyard supervision service of chaplains. Rd.

In this in chapel Hawaii S. Hall, Middlesborough, L. D. 21 Botare held Sunday two

St. tomly undenomination-

L. Nelson, D. S. Hall, 10 D. an L. alservices—aneachand S. Hibson sacrament Rd.

service. Northhampton, L. D. S. Chapel, 89 St.

Michaels Rd.

Nottingham, L. D. S. Hall, 8 Southwell

Authorized photos Corps, U. S.

mitted Corp.Army—SubbyC laudSignalell Norwich,Rd. L. D. S. Chapel, 60 Park Lane. by

Empey. (Continued on page 798)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

(Continued from page 797) Nuneaton, Masonic Hall, Newdegate St.

Oldham, L. D. S. Hall, Neville St.

Plymouth, Enquire at 19 Cranbourne Ave. REPRESENTING THE

Pontllanfraith, Enquire at 81 Brynteg St. DESERET CLUB AT

Preston, L. D. S. Hall, 44 Avenham St. STANFORD

Pudsey, Enquire: 8 Fern Terrace, Thorp

Rd.

Rawmarsh, L. D. S. Hall, Main St.

Rochdale, L. D. S. Chapel, Lower Sheriff

St. Members present in front of the Latterday Saint chapel in Palo Alto: First row, left to right: Carrol Anderson, Irene

Sheffield, L. D. S. Chapel, Ellesmere Rd. Johnson, Carolyn Verhaaren, Gwen Marshall, Charlotte Gibh, Asenith Evans, Eva Pinkerton, Grant Holt, Theo Verhaaren.

Shildon, L. D. S. Hall, 100 Main St. Back row, left to right: Don Christiansen, Jack Gibh, Dal Tueller, Luelle Marshall, Clyde Hodder, George Felsch,

South Shields, L. D. S. Hall, 36 Fowler Dave Salmon, Dick Milar, Jack Milar, Charles Brubaker, John Bills, and Fred Evans.

Other of the members are: picture Tilton, present in the Deseret at not Charlotte but Stanford the Club time St.

Ross Leavitt, Taggard, Dorothy Parkinson, Keith Henkle, Caffall, Maxine Park, Cannon Osmond, Blossom Nan Mark Council Schools, Stratford Sparkbrook, Elliot Clark, Clark, Dana, Carlisle, Chamberlain, Dick Carter, Bilby, Clark, Clair Carter, Peggy Ora Kent Mary Bob

Rd. Montese Clark, Darwin Cooley, Virginia McCauley, Joyce Glassman, George Jackson, Jane Thulin, Louise Linton, Helen

Shillings, Shepherd, Roland Leaver, Jacobs, Young, Richard Shepherd Ann Wendel Adams, Adams, Winnona Ramona Bob Staffordshire, Washington Buildings,

Nibley, Julius Leetham, Stevens, Stevens, Preston Anderson, Jane Tueller, Willey, Dick Glena Maxine Bob

Berry St. Christiansen. Jr., Jcnes, Jones, Alice Dix and Freida Carroll, Hannibal, Rich, Irma S. H. Rich, S. Grover Marion Ruth

St. Albans, 49 Spencer St. Stanford Latterday Saint professors who have actively assisted the Deseret Club program are Stanley Sharp, Obert C.

Stroud, Harley Wood, Nailsworth. Tanner, and Knight Allen.

Sunderland, L. D. S. Chapel, 18 Tunstall

Rd.

Varteg, Memorial Hall. Oasis Ward, Deseret Stake, Clark H. The Deseret Club

West Hartlepool, L. D. S. Chapel, 15 OsBishop succeeds Lars Hansen. at Stanford University

bourn Rd. College Ward, Logan Stake, J. Wesley

Wigan, 6 Standishgate. Nelson succeeds John H. Schenk. By Eva Casto Pinkerton

in WestonSuper-Mare, increase of a continual 23 Chesham Rd. Because North. students the number of Mormon

SPECIAL HOLIDAY SESSION who attend Stanford, a Deseret

Stakes in organized on the campus was Club will Salt be open Lake Temple

Presidencies the orNew slogan selected 1938. by The Receive Theto those accommodate on home

President Robert O. Hatch and counselors furloughs and to be married, and any ganization was "the realization of spirJames D. Hoggan and Adonis H. Nielothers properly recommended who itual, intellectual and social harmony."

son have been released in the Burley Stake. desire to come, on Wednesday, Dec. Every Mormon student and his friends

for living at a.m. 10 Ordinances the as sustained new 30,Elder was Hoggan University Stanford attended were who

this performed be dead on and may Newel Hurstpresident, and Winfleld with in for eligible organithe membership the session. is the only This day counselors. asP, Baker students Saint zation. Latterday Later Christbe temple between open counselors Fletcher and President Harvey State College Teachers at San Jose Year's. and mas willNew B. have Rose and L.William Woolf Guy

inCollege Junior were and San Mateo Stake. the in released York L.been New CHIPMAN, STEPHEN

Howard S. Bennion was appointed presiPresident. vited to meet with the Stanford Deseret

dent,, with Guy B. Rose and Carl J. ChristClub.

ensen as counselors. In 1939 the Deseret Club became an

President Richard C. May and counselBerkeley Ward, Oakland Stake, Denzel official member of the Stanford Interors Laron D. Hyde and Davis Green have C. Allen succeeds Jesse R. Farr. Faith Council, which cooperated in arPresi- Stake. Stake, the in Oakland Richmond Minidoka released Ward,been quarterly social Timranging gettogether

appointed, with Edlefsen. othy Morley, Jr., succeeds Leon was Toone Melvindent functions of and religious at the homes as Stake, Salern Campbell Clarence Palmyra Charles Ward, N. andElderJ. Green

counselors. Shenn succeeds Elmer Sabin. former President Herbert Hoover,

President Fred C. Horlacher and counselSpanish Fork Fourth Ward, Palmyra President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and

ors Ivan Call and M. Staley Cheney have Stake, Arthur Grotegut succeeds J. Angus Dr. Elton Trueblood, chaplain of the

been released in the Nevada Stake. Elder Christensen. university. An increased Deseret Club

Call was sustained as president, with Elder Pocatello Fifth Ward, Pocatello Stake, participation in the life of the universucceeds Louis first counselor. E. Henderson Jared O. Anhis asCheney sity possible through has been made E. derson. Melvin succeeds Carlson M. Henry cooperation of Dr. Frank West, Stake, in Olthe LaBelle counselor the Long Vernon Ward, Rigby second asMiner

Beach Stake. sen succeeds J. E. Redford. commissioner of Church education.

Thomas L. Broadbent succeeds Reuben D. Palo Alto Ward, San Francisco Stake, The Deseret Club offers the LatterLaw as second counselor in the Provo Dallas Tueller succeeds Albert S. Hansen. day Saint students an organization

Stake. Bryce Ward, St. Joseph Stake, Alton A. where perplexing current problems may

Alex F. Bloomfield succeeds Archie R. Walker succeeds Silas F. Jarvis. be discussed and analyzed in an atmosMortensen as second counselor in the Young San Fernando Branch, San Fernando phere of friendship and close spiritual

succeeds Stake, Smith Evans Rodney LeoStake. It relaxsocial also offers fellowship.

Hirschi Hansen. and counselors Claudius President

intellectual turpressing from Stake, ation have Englestead South Salt Lake Southgate Ward, and Alvin HintonWayne moil. morning a college Each Sunday of presidency succeeds the H. Hansen. Hans I. Terry from the Warren releasedbeen

Zion Park Stake. Elmer A. Graff was apOphir Branch, Tooele Stake, Wilmer D. Sunday School class is held at the

pointed president with Lafell Iverson and Nelson appointed. Latterday Saint chapel in Palo Alto.

Ivan J. Barrett, counselors. Lake View Ward, Tooele Stake, Dewey The Deseret Club also participates in

A. Whipple succeeds Francis Marion Sacrament meetings and presents the

Presiding Shields.Bishops, evening one program Sunday a month. Twentysecond Ward, Weber Ogden AppointedElders of the Stanformer members Today, succeeds Stake, MayRudolph Van Kampen

Richfield Ward, Blaine Stake, William ben B. Fox. ford Deseret Club hold responsible posi-

T. Flavel succeeds Merle C. Sorensen. Almy Branch, Woodruff Stake, Otis Attions in nearly every walk of life. Young

Boise Third Ward, Boise Stake, Elton kinson succeeds J. H. Bowns. men have graduated from the business

P. Larson succeeds Arel I. Jensen. Hilliard Ward, Woodruff Stake, Joseph school into leadership of prominent inMeridian Ward, Boise Stake, George E. Barker succeeds H. Leo Clayson. dustries throughout the West. They are

Roylance succeeds Arthur H. Anderson. Kemmerer Ward, Woodruff Stake, R. to be found in the shipyards, the steel

succeeds Wendel. John Vincent Stake, Ord H. Theron Burley Declo Ward,

Stake, Woodruff Hurst. Ward, Woodruff Winfield succeedsJacobs W. andthe personneliron plants,agenciesthe oil companiesof the nation,and D. Tingey. succeeds SidStake, LeRoy Emerson Burley Cox Burley Third Ward,

ney A. Larsen succeeds Edgar Clarence Mancos Ward, Young Stake, Arlo T. and today, not a few are serving in the

Gibson. Robb succeeds Lewis A. Hancock. armed forces of the country.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

Missionaries Released in September, 1942, and Others MISSIONARIES LEAVNot Previously Reported ING FOR THE FIELD

Australian: Paul Edwin Francis, Santa departedArrived inOct.home24,Oct.1942.19;

Ana, California.

First row, right: left to Coltrin, Brazilian: Ira Jr., Burley, Hugh

Helena President Wall,Idaho; Stanger, Iona, Richard Idaho; Frank Cotton, and Don B.Lester Parkinson Taylor, Provo, Utah. Summers (Mrs. Geo. SumMay

row, mers). Second LawCalifornia: Preston, Grant Elliot Condie,

rence Allred, Christopher Alton,Idaho; Heaton, Utah; Loyd Webster Nielson, and Geo. SumWallace Matheson Houston, Panguitch, mers.

Utah.

Canadian: Richard Romney Clawson,

Salt Lake City; Ralph Fife Frogley, Baker,

Oregon; Helen Rae Nelson, Cardston, Canada; Burl Samuel Peterson, Barnwell, Canden, Utah; Roy Sherman Hunton, Rawlins, California: Hirum Wallace Severe,

ada; Chester Alfred Stanford, Hartleyville, Wyoming; Irene Sessions, Bountiful, Utah. Grantsville, Utah.

Canada. Southern States: William Julius Johnson, Canadian: Don Lester Campbell, North

Central: Max Carter Elliot, Provo, Utah; Phoenix, Arizona; Brian Clair Johnson, Ogden, Utah; Grant M. Christensen, AlbuMartha Facer, Murray, Utah; Mildred Fern Logan, Utah; Kirk Perkins Nielson, Bluff, querque, New Mexico; Sherman Arthur

Lippold, Enterprise, Utah; Quentin J. TayUtah; Earl R. Perkins, Ogden, Utah; Rex Davidson, Ogden, Utah; Henry M. Grether,

lor, Loa, Utah; Harold Jesse Thomson, Thomas Price, Idaho Falls, Idaho; Lindsay Jr., Salt Lake City; Harvey Waite Mann,

Midvale, Utah. Marcus Rawlins, Lewiston, Utah; Mons Woods Cross, Utah; Leah Merkley, BlackEast Central: David William Barker, Larson Smith, Monticello, Utah; Louis Alfoot, Idaho; Larkin Patterson, Ogden, Utah.

Evanston, Wyoming; Ray Ball Emery, Salt bert Whitaker, Pocatello, Idaho. East Central: Fred Edgar Guymon,

Lake City; Adrian J. Hodgkinson, Vernal, Spanish'American: Lillian La May AnMoroni, Utah; Vernon Mark Olson, Salt

Utah. drews, Ogden, Utah; Milton Vaughn BitLake City.

Eastern States: Crawford M. Gates, Palo ner, Salt Lake City; Ronald Clyde Collard, Eastern States: David E. Adams, LayAlto, California; Cleora Kelsey, Salt Lake Huntsville, Utah; Alvin Edling Fars, Murton, Utah; Helen Anderson Benson, Boise,.

City; Nishan Herond Sheranian, Beverly ray, Utah; Sylvan Howard Morley, McIdaho; Volco Ballif Benson, Boise, Idaho;

Hills, California. Gill, Nevada; Carma Rollins, Lyman, WyLynn W. Burton, Layton, Utah; Ada Ruth

Japanese: Marvin Clarence Barker, Ogoming. Clayton, Salt Lake City; Florence Ruth

den, Utah; Grant Crapo Brower, Pocatello, Texas: Robert Rees Dansie, Salt Lake Dyer, Salt Lake City; Mitchell W. Hunt, Jr.,

Idaho; Alward Forster Fenn, Benson, AriCity; Merrill Robertson Macdonald, Kanab, Buhl, Idaho; Leone Wardrop, Salt Lake

zona; Fred William Harding, Provo, Utah; Utah. City.

Wallace Vernon Larsen, Shelley, Idaho; Western States: Richard Lowry Harmon, Hawaiian: Leon Mark Child, Sunset,

Thomas Arthur Shreeve, Ogden, Utah; Manti, Utah; Edgar Rohlfing Holm, Salt Utah; Clyde Norman Fuller, Eden, Utah;

Franklin M. Stevens, Rexburg, Idaho. Lake City; Glenda Pearl Nielsen, Moroni, Earl Clark Goates, Provo, Utah; Wilford

New England: Lowell Beazer Bishop, Utah; Alta Valberg, Brigham City, Utah; M. Gurr, Jr., Caliente, Nevada; Amasa MerIdaho Falls, Idaho; Franklin B. Pugmire, Cyril Gordon Watson, Rexburg, Idaho. rill Linford, Salt Lake City; Irving Dana

Logan, Utah; George Nehemiah Weston, Muir, Pocatello, Idaho; John David StewJr., Laketown, Utah. Missionaries Released in art, Kaysville, Utah; Marvin E. Terry,

Millett, Provo, Falls, Idaho; Central: Lyal Erwin Idaho North Jack J. Thurgood, October, Others 1942, and

Stucki, Rexburg, Arizona; Utah.Mesa, Lund Cook Previously Reported Salt Alley, Bancroft, Stutznegger, RichardIdaho; Lake Not Japanese: Orin John Hoggan

City. Argentine: Edward J. Cooley, WashingIdaho; Blaine Leslie Hunter, Ogden, Utah.

Northern States: Lewis Edward Briggs, ton, D.C.; Ruel J. Gunnell, Howell, Utah; New England: Lowell B. Bishop, Idaho

Syracuse, Utah; Dora Eisner, Los Angeles, Corraine Smith Williams, Phoenix, AriFalls, Idaho; Dewey C. MacKay, Jr., Salt

California; Paul Kimball Wallace, Salt Lake zona; Frederick S. Williams, Phoenix, AriLake City.

City. zona. North Central: Alroy Le Grand Flack,

Northern California: Ortho Christensen, Brazilian: Lester P. Taylor, Provo, Provo, Utah; Loanda Johnson, Fillmore,

Springdale, Utah; Chester M. Gilgen, OgUtah. Utah.

Northern States: John Ronald Brown,

SOUTHERN STATES MISSION Salt Lake City; Peter A. Kranenburg, OgDistrict presidents, mission supervisors, and office force at a convention held in Atlanta on July 29, "a den, Utah; Vera Mary Teeples, Rexburg,

spiritual feast where much was learned concerning the work of the Lord."Idaho.

Jessie left front Reading to right, from Thompson, row: mission stenographer; Ethel Wilde, assistant California: Udell Cardon, Northern W.

assistant Bailey, recorder; recorder; Bluth, Pauline assistant recorder. Ada Salt Colorado; Cummings, Gene supervisor; Ella Larsen, Bradley, J. Cook, Clara row: Genealogy Second Primary supervisor; Areola M. I. A. Allison,

City, Sargent, City; Cedar supervisor; Lake Dean P. president. Relief Whitaker, Society H. Mary

treasurer; mission Third row: Richmond, V. Dennis Wardle, Kimball C. North Mississippi; Wm. City. Stanley A. Omer, Salt P. Utah; Lake

mission mission Whitaker, secretary; president; Wilford Clyde E. Woodward, North Alabama; D- W. Jordan, Davis, States: Brent H. Northwestern supervisor. local Yarn, missionary Homer

Fourth row: James H. Prince, Mississippi; Robert Farr Smith, West Florida; Joseph Ashton Kjar, South Salt Lake City; Earl Larsen Jensen, Ogden,

Georgia; Maxwell G. Erskine, Georgia; Clair B. Johnson, Alabama; L. Kay Guymon, Sunday School supervisor. Utah; Donald Fred Tatton, Salt Lake City;

Florida; E. row: Fifth Shea, S. Newman, South Lynn Wm. West South Carolina; Rex T. Price, South Marie Taylor, Loa, Utah.

Florida; Florida. Jensen, Carolina; Maurice Butkofer, A. K. Central Mont

Southern States: Alfred Richards Durham, Salt Lake City; Dennis L. Farley,

Miami, Arizona; Russell M. Harris, Lewisville, Idaho; Jesse Lloyd Jensen, Ogden,

Utah; John Sivell Smith, Grace, Idaho; Paul

Jarvis Updike, Phoenix, Arizona; Vernal

Dennis Wardle, Pocatello, Idaho; Clyde

Eugene Woodward, La Jara, Colorado.

Spanish American: Edna Margaret Kieven, Salt Lake City; Donald F. Schmutz, St.

George, Utah; Karl A. McGregor Snow,

Provo, Utah; Rex D. Terry, St. George,

Utah.

Texas: Albert Carlisle Mackay, Salt

Lake City; Bertha Openshaw, Modesto,

California; Royal Dean Rothe, Lehi, Utah;

Croft L. Smith, Murray, Utah.

Western States: Fred Roberts Pryor,

Minersville, Utah; Wallace Claude Turnbow, Salt Lake City; Malcolm C. Young,

Corrine, Utah.

ditauaL permitted manmade sophistries to supplant the "JhiA, Joo Shalt (PomJ'revealed word in their thinking and in their living.

By some it has been supposed that religion was a

Tt would have been the fervently cherished hope of system whereby men could have set aside the conall that sober and honest men we could of form have sequences of their own doings—another

at peace, this with the world Christmas seen come nothsomething for of getting the false philosophy but this cherished blessing is not ours. And so ing.

we must shape our thinking and our living to the And so, perhaps we should determine once and—Christmascircumstances withof Christmasvacant chairswith thein manyworld homes,at war forfor allus, whatand thenwe mayjudgerightlyits effectivenessexpect religionor ineffecto do

and fearful yearning in many hearts. To dwell a tiveness by that standard.

moment upon the causes of what we see before us It should not be expected to give us ease without brings us to the inevitable conclusion that men effort or knowledge without study, or truth withcollectively have failed to give heed to those rules out search. We should not expect it to offer reof life which the Savior of the world proclaimed ward without work, peace without repentance,

near two thousand years ago, or even those earlier blessings without obedience, or exaltation hereafter commandments which Moses brought down from without justifying our existence here.

Sinai. And so we pay a price for the things we The Savior of the world gave us an indication

have done which we shouldn't, and for the things of what we should expect of religion, when He we should have done that we haven't. spoke of the "wise man which built his house

assurance—theBut to all whoultimatehave faithpurposescomes ofthisGodcomfortingshall be uponcame, aandrock,theandwindtheblew,rain descended,and beat uponandthatthe house;floods

accomplished; the men of evil shall be confounded, and it fell not."But the house of the foolish man

and the good who have suffered innocently by the was built upon the sand, "and it fell; and great was

deeds of the wicked will find compensation at the the fall of it."(Matthew 7:2427)

hands of a just God. But in the hearts of those The implication is plain. The floods and the

who< lack this faith, there is no such assurance. He winds came alike to the wise and the foolish. But

who finds sustenance only in those things which one stood the onslaught, and the other fell before he can see with his eyes and touch with his hands it. And that is what we should expect of religion

in such things miserable, is because of all most men experiences the varied us that it should spare—not survival. is or or peace, there only no security, help that it should of living, but us to

We here recall these words of the Master: them and sustain us through them; help understandus to grow

"These things I have spoken unto you, that in me beyond them, and prepare us for yet greater things.

have In the world ye shall peace. might have all ye the vicissitudes escapes man No of life—but overcome cheer; I have tribulation: but be of good himself isolated underfrom spiritual has he who

the world."(John 16:33) And that is the only standing, frequently breaks under the strain, and

way—in inaccordancewhich anyonewithwilltheeverprinciplesovercomedeclaredthe worldby isandbroughtin the lowblindnessin the anguishof his ownof hisunwillingnessown bitternessto

Jesus the Christ nineteen centuries ago. It shall see. But this uncertain groping and sense of defeat

never be overcome by sabrerattling tyrants, by are they spared whose lives have been shaped by rabblerousing demagogues, or by heelclicking dicthe principles and power of religion, pure and untators. truth everlasting of things both the defined—by

to And so the message of this Christmas is the present and yet L. E. come. R. same as it has always been—the message that no

thing lost, no evil shall ever be and that thing good of ChAhimoA., 1%2 out working in ultimate the shall ever triumph

those plans proclaimed by the Lord of lords and hristmas bells sound in a minor key this year;

King of kings. And so, we ask not for an undeChristmas lights lack the glowing radiance of

served immunity from the sorrows of our generaformer years; Christmas joy in commemoration of

tion, but only for faith to endure, and strength to the Savior's birth is muted as we realize that the surmount all things, for this too shall pass, and there world has not heeded the Christ's message of love shall vet come another Christmas with peace. and peace.

—R. L. E. Yet at this Yuletide season, Christians the world

over are considering more this year than ever bedbrfjujjbfv ml JjiiaL fore what may be done to hasten the day when

Christmas will be synonymous with Christianity.

YMe live in a day when every standard of value It is entirely natural that this should be the case, is being challenged, and religion has not esfor during periods of stress truths add lustre to caped the challenge. Perhaps this is because men themselves, and inconsequential ideas lose their

have asked too much of religion and too little of appeal. For all of us, at this Christmas time, there

themselves. Many have supposed that a mere should be a revaluation of fundamental beliefs, and

creed or code of belief, or statute of doctrines and a determination to incorporate them into our lives.

dogmas, would take the place of selfeffort and All too frequently we have been willing to talk selfmastery. Some have known the law but have glibly about our ideals but have proved ourselves

not lived it. Some have not even bothered to know unwilling to live by them. NonChristians observthe law, but have left such knowledge to others, ing the wide gulf between our words and our deeds

and have worshiped once removed, if at all. Some have wondered and have questioned our sincerityhave placed convenience above truth. Some have (Concluded on page 826)

effective in the great majority of cases. Recent

knowledge of woman's physiology reveals "the for controlling natural method birth."This methEvidences and of nature."od "violates no principle

Birth control as generally understood impliesreconciliations the use of physical or chemical means to prevent conception. A large number of these devices, known

as contraceptives, are on the market. None of them

he. SfwulcL (Bvdk, QoniJwL is certain to accomplish the purpose desired. Bejl (pAajdtiazjcL? sides, any contraceptive is unnatural and interferes in one way or another with the physiological

HThis is an insistent subject. It raises at least processes of life. All of them are in varying dethree vital questions: Why should married grees injurious to those who use them, especially

people want to practice birth control? What is the to women. That may be safely contended. The

effect on those who practice it? Are large families ill effects may not be felt at once, but in time will

desirable? overtake the parents to their detriment.

Ill health may make birth control necessary. A Moreover, since birth control roots in a species

weakened body or actual disease may justify proof selfishness, the spiritual life of the user of contection of the mother and the unborn child against traceptives is also weakened. Women seem to beany further physiological burden. However, for come more masculine in thought and action; men

those of sound health, who conform to the laws of more callous and reserved; both husband and wife

nature, childbearing promotes physical well being. become more careless of each other, and increasAs a rule, women who have large families are ingly indifferent to the higher duties and joys of livhealthy throughout life. ing.

A more frequent cause of birth control is real or The quality versus quantity contention is a fallafancied economic pressure. Under modern condicy. The only child in a family is to be pitied. He does

tions requiring the services of an obstetric physinot learn the art of living harmoniously with other cian and hospital care, the husband and wife of people. Within the home he is either in opposition

moderate means hesitate to incur this added draft to his parents or dominated by them. Outside

upon their resources. And, often they delay the of the home he sulks if he can not selfishly run the

coming of children because they prefer first to show, or he stands apart from the crowd in uneasy pay for and enjoy the house or piano or automobile selfconsciousness. The shaping and polishing of

or refrigerator or radiophonograph, or other decharacter which go on in a loving household of sirable but not indispensable things. Married stumany children he receives less effectively from less

dents sometimes feel that if they have children friendly strangers. He misses many of the joys

they must forego or greatly delay the completion and pleasures of childhood which are possible only of their educations. In one form or another the in a family of several children. He often becomes

economic excuse is a common one. inordinately selfish if all gifts and consideration of

Others practice birth control because they feel father and mother are centered in him. The effect

that the care of having children consumes their of a lone childhood is felt throughout life. The

time and strength, and therefore interferes with unspoken, unrealized longings for family intimacies social or professional ambitions. They want to be are frequently reflected in foiled attempts to make

free to "live life as they choose."To this class beup for the lost experiences of childhood and youth.

long those who absurdly declare that they look for As the years creep on, he misses more and more quality instead of quantity and therefore limit the the close understanding and affectionate sympathy size of their families. which accompany blood relationships. The only

The having of children and the rearing of a child is likely to remain lonely throughout the jourfamily entail expense, especially while the children ney of life. The same might be said, measurably, of

are young. That goes without saying. Yet, the two children several years apart.

economic excuse for birth control is seldom conLarge families are the most genuinely happy.

vincing. A way is usually found to meet family That is the verdict of human experience. In such

costs, if the desire for children is stronger than for a family circle there is steady development and the new piano, let us say. Sacrifices for a time on joyful living for parents and children. The Psalmthe part of the parents and on the part of the older ist spoke wisely when he said "Blessed is the man

children if there be any, will usually provide the who has his quiver full of them."

necessary means. The economic excuse roots, in A home with several children of varying ages

the majority of cases, in selfishness. Yet, it should approximates the social situations to be met in later

be said that society, which benefits from its citizens, life. There the possibilities of life may be experishould make provision by which the expense incienced in miniature form. Under the loving protecdent to motherhood would be within the reach of tion of father and mother, in game and contests,

the poorest. in the exchange of wits, in sacrifices for one another,

They who practice birth control to further their in mutual rejoicings and sorrows, in discussions of personal ambitions are of course motivated wholly family affairs and daily happenings, the business by selfishness. They might well be asked why they of living in a world of many men is taught. The

married. home with a family of children becomes a laboraBirth control when necessary should be accomtory for learning the importance of truth, virtue,

plished in nature's way, which does not injure the and honesty, industry and the ethical and religious man or the woman. A careful recognition of the bases of conduct. And, since love for one another

fertile and sterile periods of woman would prove (Concluded on page 831)

This Thing I Have I Remember No Use For By Monroe Whiting SCRAP IS IMPORTANT

T. By Calvin Ryan, AM., old seven years I was I By R. A. Crosby College, it State Teachers to school. Ed.M., Whenstarted Though

Kearney, Nebraska. was in October, I went barePossibly you are wondering just

"T'm a man of few words. I say exfooted. I went to school all that winter what's behind all of this furor

A actly what I think."barefooted, and for the next two years. about scrap. Why all the rush?

That's exactly what I do not like The fourth winter my father said to me, What's the hurry? Aren't the scrap

about him. It's a sort of infantilism that "Roe, there's a pair of boots in the shoe yards full now? Won't it be just as

marks a person as being not quite grown shop; if you can get them on I'll pay useful next year as it is now? Anyhow,

up or in good taste. He thinks he gets for them."I said, "Father, I'll get why does my scrap have to be handled

attention by advertising one of his them on or I'll kick that old man's shoe through a junk dealer? Why can't I

shortcomings as though it were a virtue. shop down."I had never had a boot just give it, or sell it, direct to the gov-

I then foot, and was or shoe on ernment? my intilasting or ever person makesNo

I that age. time ten of years past At These are some of the questions that frank. friends brutallymate by being

Here's a young man whom the world had never seen a loaf of white bread; puzzled people are asking in the face

has not treated with as much kindness the only kind I had ever seen was corn of the accelerated pressure now being as he had a right to expect. His candor bread. I never knew what it was to brought to bear on them by salvage

is often crude, occasionally offensive. have any meat except when I could run committees in every section of Uncle

If he likes the cut of your shirt collar, out barefooted and kill a few snow Sam's domain. The answers, when

he comes right up to you and tells you birds. My mother never had anything you know them, are simple and logical.

so. If he thinks your shoes need polishto burn in the winter except green wilSteel is made of, roughly, fifty perfire she got she a lows, made and when fifty percent ore, iron and virgin cent is so. ining, frank saying equally he

fill willows green the with oven would time, present the at Actually, scrap. his spite like in of persons GeorgeSome all the to run sap them, dry would and percent fiftyfive fifty and between not doescandor. have he But many

floor. a never the over Mother had iron of is used. pound Every scrap friends.intimate

floor. carpet, nothing bare a but And a by is matched be that must mined Socrates, of never heard who, George

it I befor as remember mills steel iron. Christmas—scrap The of pound his acquired wishe asked wherewhen

I in fried grease. got cause a little dough ever steel than more producing are now blind, replied: the who "Fromdom, tois lot children different the of How for the demand consequently before; felt until step they takenever have a

day. previousto skyrocketed has iron scrap nevbefore them."the George ground m In normal proportions. of ly unheard feels front in of he the him:er ground

just speaks his mind, allowing the words years, farm scrap was not needed, but to fall as they will. If they hurt anytoday it is a vital necessity.

one's feelings, he says, "Well, isn't it Don't worry if you see huge piles of the truth?"It may be, but it is the Payment for Handy Hints used will be scrap in the junk dealers'yards and

the event dollar publication. In one is upon there that conclusion the at jump left is best unspoken.kind which

submitted, idea the are that with same two yours. That without to spare plenty and ultracandor-ites almost are These will earlier receive the the postmarked one the is just where junk in the yard scrap reway-backwheners.always They returned, ideas the dollar. be of can None

it's it. Besides, wants government freckle- a little were you when willmember consideration. receive careful but each

... in a flowing all the time moving pigtails. girl, nose andfaced a with pug easily will cotton pick absorbent Wet is it mills the where to stream up steady got along at having marvel yourThey the of smallest pieces broken glass.—Mrs. moreover, dealer, junk needed. The tell of in well the world. someso They Louisville, H., A. Kentucky.

supstrict government operates under in which escapade were youchildhood crackers conveniof nut in a a pair Keep vital a war comis too Scrap the hero. remember waynot They tight ent top ervision. loosen place screw to help

backwhen you were working for ten caps on bottle, such as vanilla bottles, finger modity to be left open for private exdollars a week. They remember the nail polish, and a dozen other things that ploitation.

first magazine article you sold, or the have a habit of sticking. This gadget when The scrap dealer is the only agency,

first novel you had published. placed around the cap and given a little with the knowledge, trained help, and

occasions one are There when If is it.—Mrs.turn will F.loosenS. G.,anyDelta,cap withoutUtah. breaking andequipmentprocessingnecessaryscrap (therefor sortingare aboutout "tocalled mind."speak his upon

to soles of the shoes baby's Sandpaper classifications different seventyfive it tact, inoffensively, he with can dohe falling slippery skidding and on mills. steel the that be it can so used byis reputation likely hurt anyone's to not B., Arizona. Y. A. Tempe, preventfloors.—M. which Harvest, National Scrap The feelings.or

laid aside brushes paint have been When is official the the of Producname are there ask those you War Likewise who time for they dry and very become some is for tion drive scrap, Board's farm about opinion""honestfor someyour this, vinegar hard. heat remedy some To

thing, and after you have given it, they to boiling point, put the brushes in the vinenow in full swing from coast to coast.

never speak to you again. There are gar for a few minutes, then boil them gently The quota is "all there is on every

those who never want criticism, even or let them simmer for about fifteen minutes square foot of every farm in the counsuds. strong soap They will is for the drive alin time the for it. they they askwhen What become soft try"—and again. P. F., Adamsville, Alabama. M. long as as it takes for on and is praise. hunt "from now want Theyways

compliments. Such persons, you will Poison bottles should be as easy to identito get it."

tiny in light. the the in fy as Tie dark attic, the the search either canfind, the Farm are yesman always women

bottles, bells kitten the of necks such around cellars, store the the their rooms, that and or the type home speak mindtype, is immediately handling them anyone and bits for pieces of of metal of senile rubber lack frankness, childish andwith Detroit, Michigan. warned. V. Miss H

... skillets, pots, old discarded pans,tact.

like coal new, looking ranges keep To etc. stoves, beds, iron tubs, washers, will old maktoward a long go Tact way steel well and with clean scour wool and

ing a person likeable, if not lovable. It scouring powder. Then rub with crumpled They can well be the spark that will

will make more friends than tactless newspaper. This will restore the shine. enlist other members of the family in a

candor. It is the way of kindness. Mrs. D. B. D., Cokeville, Wyo. scrap harvest on the home place.

FREE... 12 tested ways to beat

rising food prices!

-Qj By Josephine B. Nichols

"Oor gifts and entertaining as the WRiTeFORyoOR

Christmas season approaches, ourthoughts are turned to doing someFREE, for gift better forthing others. What FowER / the cheernext door, neighborthe good 'izMsisM

ful postman, or the friend in service than some goodies made in our own kitchen, where into the cakes, pudBorden's Penny Banquets dings, and candy, along with the sugar and spices, goes real Christmas spirit. s-t-r-e-t-c-h your grocery budget!

all oneThese remind days need to we or the Free... 12 moneysaving menus workedanother that good by gift word

promise of Christmas is still "Peace on out by home economists to feed your famearth, good will to all mankind."ily for 30 a serving or less... 12 thrifty reciCreamed Chicken in Noodle Ring pes made with Borden's Evaporated Milk.

Noodle Ring Borden's is that smooth, rich, creamy evap- 3 cups noodles, uncooked orated milk irradiated with Vitamin D.

3 eggs It's Westernmade and good as all outdoors.

salt teaspoon % evaporated milk How to get your free folder: Y> cup

x/21 cuptablespoonwater butter Sendand addressyour nameof yourand groceraddressto:plusBorden's,the name50

Cook the noodles in boiling salted water North Main Street, Salt Lake City. Write now!

until tender. Drain, beat the eggs until light,

salt, milk, the butter, melted noodles.add and

in well ringPlace buttered mold. in BORDEN'S EVAPORATED MILK Place

oven and bake (350 F.) for 45 minutes, IRRADIATED WITH VITAMIN D

unmold on large platter and fill with creamed Copyright. 1942—The Borden Compan

chicken.

Creamed Chicken 2 cups cold cooked chicken cut in pieces 1r -*- "ft 1 sliced cup mushrooms 1 (16 oz.) can cream of mushroom soup

or 2 cups milk 2 tablespoons butter 2 tablespoons flour Yi CUP sliced pimento 2 tablespoons green pepper, chopped Yi teaspoon salt VICTORY MEALS

Brown mushrooms in butter. Add flour

and blend well. Add mushroom soup, stir

until mixture thickens. Add chicken, pimento and green pepper. Cook on low heat

until flavors are blended. Serve in noodlering. "Milk White"Eggs

Tart Cranberry Salad ik ft gelatin Get your vitamins, minerals, and proteins just the way flavored lemon 1 package

I/3 cup sugar nature "canned"them lor you... in the onepackage,

1 pint warm water 2 cups raw cranberries natural health food, "Milk White"Eggs.

1 cup diced red apples Dissolve gelatin and sugar in warm water. Build several meals each week around "Milk White"Eggs

Chill. Put cranberries through food chopas the main dish... there are thousands of ways to preisper. slightly gelatin thickened, When

apples. cranberriesfold in into pare them. and Turn

mold. Chill until firm. Unmold on crisp

lettuce. mayonnaise. Serve with (Celery UTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS COOP. ASSUL for apples.)may be substituted

Carrot Pudding with Hard Sauce

1 carrots grated raw cup &—& 1 grated potatoes & raw cup

seeded cup Y currants cup Yi cloves teaspoon raisins LOS ANGELES Y2 Yi teaspoon nutmeg jZOHtlkr*- FOREMOST HOTEL cinnamon teaspoon Yi ALEXANDRIA 1 teaspoon soda RATES: FROMFROM 1 flour cup DOWHTOWK n S3.80$2.50uDOUBLESINGLEOARAOE

1 cup brown sugar Yi cup butter, melted RecognizedLosUtahAngelesHeadquarters in

Dredge the fruit well with flour and mix CLAYTON V. SMITH, Managing Director

all ingredients together. Fill greased molds? Answer On Page 824 Formerly of Salt Lake City

(Concluded on page 804) IDEAS COOKS'CORNER From My Kitchen to Yours! (Concluded from page 803) balls down into shredded coconut, then

JELLYGLAZED CHRISTMAS HAM 3twothirdshours. Servefull, coverwith hardtightly,sauce.and steam for placeinto otheron cookieballs. sheet. Press pecan halves

Here's easyto-prepare, an dinner Christmas fit for a king—andtemptingwill Hard Sauce flouredRoll someboard,of cutthe withdoughcookie34 inchcuttersthickintoon

add to your reputation as a cook: Y2 cup butter different shapes, as stars, Christmas trees,

cups 3 confectioners sugar Consomme bells, Santas, etc. pieces Decorate of with

JellyGlazed 1 Baked Ham* vanilla teaspoon fruit, candied spices, sugar, or after or and Potatoes Sweet Whipped i egg they are decorate frostbaked colored with Preserves Tea Raspberry Garden until the butter Cream soft, add the sugar ing. Rolls Hot

continue until and Stir creaming smooth. Mixed Green Salad in Bake cookies a moderate oven (350

in the yolk, then beaten egg fold in vanilla, Vanilla Ice Cream F.) twelve about minutes.

with Drips Tea Garden beaten and egg white. When well blended gift, fill For a child's colored a bright

* Directions Glazing for Baked place in refrigerator Ham: to harden. pail, sand a toy truck, celloor a a wagon, 45 minutes. oven. Bake from Remove ham

off stocking skin, phane fat with Take score knife with sharp cookies. a Christmas Christmas Cookies stud cloves. with and Spread Tea Garden fill For ice grownups bucket, an pottery

Jelly liberally Currant surface. Red over or shortening bowl, a cookie jar, or trays with Christmas to finish Return baking. oven and H1 cupcup tablespoons cookies. buttersugar—2

TEA GARDEN STRAWBERRY 22 cupseggs flour Puffed Rice Balls WAFFLES granulated 2 cup teaspoons sugar baking powder 1

Bake 3 or 4 waffles until crisp and nicely 1 1 cup brown sugar teaspoon vanilla first browned. softened Spread with them water salt cup teaspoon 34

butter then with and StrawTea Garden light corn cup syrup butter, vanilla, salt. Combine and 32Y2 Add Preserves. berry layercake Stack them 2 tablespoons butter sugar well, and cream add eggs at a one fashion, top with cream, whipped and salt teaspoon 34 after time beating addition. each Add dust with in cinnamon. Cut wedges and vanilla teaspoon Y2 sifted ingredients to dry make a dough serve immediately. hearty deThis and 3 rice quarts puffed to handle. enough is licious dessert particularly as stiff good

the finale to a light supper. Have ready a small amount of melted bitCook the sugar, syrup, and water to the

ter or dipping sweet chocolate, shredded softcrack stage. stir carefully and Watch IDEA GIFTS CHRISTMAS FOR coconut, halves. off and bits pecan Pinch occasionally. the vanilla, butter and Add

Christpractical A roll of dough between and the of stirring palms only to mix. enough slowly Pour

gift for the boys mas into balls. small hands Place of the some rice. the over puffed well, then form Mix for in camp, and balls greased sheet, on then press cooky into balls little the with hands, pressing as

relatives friends and flat tines with of fork which have possible. been as substituted Popcorn be may is assortment an in the of dipped melted chocolate. Press other for the rice. puffed excellent Garden's jellies, preserves, Tea

syrup, sweet pickled fruits and other delicacies, which you can gel at your grocer. to the personal touch, add And SAM BRANNAN

into little a single pack box or basket 793) After lengthy consultations with decorate lollies with and pine cones, and (Continued from page other gay wrappings. yj sides the newspaper, Brannan soon trappers and frontiersmen acquainthad his printshop facilities busy at ed with California's interior, Samuel CHRISTMAS MORNING

EYEOPENER! work printing notices, naval procBrannan made choice of a site for

U-mmmm! Steaming, buttered hotcakes lamations, and municipal deeds. All the new venture. Along the headthis definite with a deluged superbtasting, source of appetitewas income of waters the majestic San Joaquin

rousing Tea Garden Drips Syrup. Just to the there which is no River, at the juncture Stanisthe of leader—of thing to the start the Christmas morning his record of having of turned any laus, slept.. of breathtaking a land off right leave in trim and for you

it in to the of fund Brancommon holiday the to don't. dinner natural come. But beauty, level acres, boundless

wait till Christmas. Make a date with nan & Company. and a climate which rivaled Italy.

It's Drips every Tea Garden morning. a labor, With Mormon Samuel soil in wild built The was deep, game perfect of syrup delicately flavored blend finest the town. house in It became plenteous abundance, with a nathat and will sugars appetite your turn make

handsprings. a popular rendezvous for such illustural waterway to the Pacific seaholiday salads iced drinks tasty, Make more and more trious figures as Commodore Stockports the bay. perfect on more A festive. Ji Garni with Tea Garden Cherries. Maraschino ton, Governor and Mason, exGov- setting imagined. could hardly be SHOPPING DESSERT TOPPING? FOR ernor Lilburn Missouri, of Boggs believed Samuel the he'd marked it is, easily eagerly Here made, eaten. of alcalde who was now Sonoma. site for true Zion. together Beat one cup Tea Garden Red

Currant Jelly, onehalf cup boiling The loyal and hardworking The name chosen for this cityto- fail water, Saints two teaspoonfuls could hardly to look Tea Garden upon be with Hope."was And "New Orange Serve Marmalade. hot over cotthis alarm. development without new boundless enthusiasm Brannan and tage pudding, ice cake, custard or cream of Complaints mismanagement the loyal set remaining to Saints aside of stand for and shower compli- a

ments. Remember, Tea Garden delicaand neglect continued openly to be work to make the dream come true.

cies are made of fine tablequality fruits. made by the brethren. Instead of From the funds of Brannan & Com-

/AiZCo77 situation deplorable remedy a most provisions, loaded it with Comet, and $&? exercising humility, of attempting to pany, Samuel purchased the launch

GARDEN HOSTESS YOUR TEA least,"as by becoming "one of the seeds, implements. wagons, and

PRESERVES JELLIES Samuel arrogantly excommunicated From the Livermore rancho were

GRAPE JUICE TEA SYRUPS others,bellion."in hopeWinterof silencingwas comingthe "reon, purchasedexperiencedteamsfarmersand wereoxen. "called,"Twenty GARDEN

city must and with William Stout as manager, MARASCHINO CHERRIES and he was impatient. A

be started, a haven of rest made they sailed up river to make real the

SWEET PICKLED AND CANDIED FRUITS ready for the weary Saints, sure to great plan. There is no indication

arrive year. overland next Its site that the site chosen disappointed SUCH A BIG DIFFERENCE IN QUALITY...

chosen, planted. its acreage must be them.

SUCH A LITTLE DIFFERENCE IN PRICE! Houses must be built, and all made Round about, elk and antelope went in

readv for the Zionto-be. droves by thousands; deer were plentiful;

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

SAM BRANNANthe ground covered with geese; and rivers forts of the toilers. Ambitious ones,... MAPLEINE

while the ducks, willowwith swamps along Brannan included, were anxious to makes it better I filled with grizzly banks,the river were bear. The tracks were as well worn in the toss off the chafing restraints inherJUST add 1 teaspoon of

swamps as cattle paths today. Three hours ent in its cooperative setup. The Mapleine to the sugarof good hunting could provide meat enough colony of New Hope was its only crumb topping. Mapleine

Bears'for colony. for the whole a week, bright of accomplishment. page brings out the flavor. lard,oil provisions the as only served and

in the spring of 1847, like Early to send from hadwhich Samuel Brannan

Yerba Buena were unground wheat, sugar a sickening thud of doom, came ad- < and coffee."verse reports from upriver. New $&Wkf..MAPLEINE

in a black log had foundered Hope oak shingles house with A sea makes it better! leader, suspicion spring of The and greed. Before completed.soon was

many acres were plowed, and seeded William Stout, had claimed for himACCENT the natural meat to wheat. The tract was fenced by self the first tilled acreage, the house flavors with a few drops

of Mapleine in the gravy. accomplished! been trees, that hadcutting sawing down oak them—all

It's delicious. easy and sixty acres of and large pieces buttsup, arranging and One hundred

stolen! been crops hadinto line, and thatching them with growing

rage In toweringlimbs. Bran- < Samuel

Yet the venture—begun with such nan now definitely laid plans to dispromise—was plagued with the same solve the joint company. ArrangMAPLEINE makes them better!

evil which had followed the Saints ing its assets for public sale, and ROLL cooked sweet potaleader, California. waiting withoutto the soil of up affairs, to wind The

teaall atbelieving a journey. ready for was tranquil he made New In spoontoes in Mapleinesugar, addto%butter

Hope, turned his restless energies April, he abruptly shed the mounting for frying. You'll like it I

to promoting various enterprises in responsibilities of the newly named

Yerba Buena. Almost overnight he town of San Francisco, and started

became the town's leading citizen. east. MAPLEINE, flavor of a thousand uses,

profit for FirstOpportunities on he were would Hope, visit New toss neglected off the none Stout William he farm brings new appeal to many a dish.every hand, and and

of them. He still allowed a measure he'd stolen. For the sake of peace, It's a grand seasoning formain dishes.

of his time to Church affairs, and that farm would be reserved for the It has a magic way with desserts.

demanded strict obedience from the Twelve, and made ready for their And of course, it's America's "numberSaints under his jurisdiction—but a arrival. Then he would cross half one"flavor for hotcake syrup. So

surely reckoning of America, of if need be, to utmost wasday find the economical, too. You'll find Mapleine

It its to is not given uncommunicative man tardy, Brigham way.on

to serve both God and Mammon. Young! at your grocer's. Buy a bottle toBy day and by night Samuel With all his capabilities, Samuel morrow and discover a flavor treat.

longed for the expected appearance Brannan seems never to have learned of Brigham Young, that this enterone simple lesson—that the patternprising leader might untangle the of true leadership in the kingdom of MAPLEINEsnarl which now enveloped the PaGod comes not in the fuming drive IMITATION MAPLE FLAVOR

cific colony. Excommunication and of the dictator, but iri that more for syrup for flavoring

apostacy had made terrific inroads. humble example of the Man of GaliBrannan & Company was tottering ( To be continued)on the brink. The loyal ones seemed

unhappy and bewildered. In those

crucial months, could Samuel have With our discarded his own greed and lust for power, could he have turned his 1. In did Christ spend what town to looked to thosesoul outward who ireetings Dear's lew last his Sabbath? yet have all might example,him for 2. city to heaven, was exalted What forwarded, he Instead saved.been opporoffer you an we yet to destruction? brought

by way of returning ships, a stream 3. What was the ruling nation of the tunity to broaden your

letters to Brighamof advicebegging in the of Christ? time world educational background, reached ever is ( few of which theYoung duty of man, whole 4. What

teacher's cerrenew your scriptures? to the pursued his own egocenaccordinghim )—and

for miliis or prepare hardertric course. to be won than a tificate, 5. What

The Mormon people had been strong city? tary service.

treated by Californians with utmost 6. What was Elijah's dying gift to

consideration and tendered a most Elisha? Write the

its it 7. is poswhich makes What all ruleshospitable welcome. By Division Extension truly sessor rich? have should logic theof Church

8. miracle did to enwork What God University of Utah enan so favorableflourished under to able debts? her a pay widow unto sick yetvironment, and it was 9. told that there are was Where we for a

death. joy in heaven at the creation of the

Brannan & Company continued to world? HOME STUDY BULLETIN

be popular only with the few lag10. What prediction is the last one today.

gards who were supported by the efrecorded in the Old Testament?

eSan Jose Pioneer, June 23, 1877 (Answers will be found on page 831) xx mA yp&s. %%&&

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

A New Book from West—the Crossroads of the ON THE BOOK RACK

lust off the press of Harper & Brothers (Concluded from page 796) In his interpretations he mistakes the living,

THIS ALWAYS DAY—AND faith independent the which made Mormons eral chancellor Legion, the of of Nauvoo Richard L. Evans by successful the desert, for on a slavish subof Deseret, attorneygen- the University $1.50 servience to leaders of doubtful conscience. eral state superintendent the of Deseret, of from Order

This is indefensible. Instead correlatof CO. THE BOOKCRAFT president public works, of the and Manti

P. O. Lake ing Box 63—Salt well established history with Mormon City, Utah Temple.of

beliefs, falls he Mormon "unback upon author, care- S. Hinckley, Bryant has The

fully covered every period in the life of American""Dictatorship,""authoritarianism,""fanatic "protofascism,"in his forth Daniel brings H. Wells and

"secret police,"which incidents believers,"etc.—insinuations hitherto published not < "L. D. S. Training Pays 1."book some

to happen be untrue. are The Mormons faithful sidelights colorful and and also

on the family and community life of pioneer chargedis a difference,with hatingas everytheir Americanneighbors. shouldThere Utah.

mination to pursue, one's unhindered, own of graphs the Daniel of members H. Wells

life. of In chapter lawful way The Our of their and homes. H. By Abbie A YEAR from familyThe book is well illustrated with photoknow, between hate and an earnest deteris Lovely the not of Deseret author worthy Wells.

MORMON COUNTRY or Tothe paintseries. the picture of a people which

(Wallace Stegner. Duell, Sloan and he frankly admits have achieved much the

Pearce, New York. 362 pages. $3.00.) author selects oddities, extraordinary perfTTHE Mormon Country in this book is sons and events. Such are found in every

What will we wish we largely-*- Utahsettledand partsby Latterdayof the contiguousSaints. statesAs in community,the people. butW.areM.notGibson,representativethe Shortof

had done today? peoplethe otherrathervolumesthan ofindustrialthe Folkwaysor scenicSeriesinheroesCreek oflawbreaker,the Robbers'RafaelRoostLopezare theorweedthe

(Sign in the oifice of Donald Nelson) terests, are discussed. In each of twentypatch in the field. The faith and struggles,

eight very readable chapters the story of the sacrifices and conquests of the majority

In winning wars or antold.event or an organization or a person is ofcolorfulthe "Mormon"enough. Numerouspeople aresuchin themselvesstories are

building careers, it's the These stories are entertaining, and some available to the searcher. Those told in

are very well done. Archer Walters Jourthis book are pretty well worn and have not

"long view"that counts! nal, Shibboleth, Arcadian Village, The Gathrequired much serious research. One wonering Up of Zion, Looking Backward, The ders why in the acknowledgments, the

Start your course in business othersBurg oncomparethe Bear,inFabulousliterary Mountain,craftsmanshipand Latterdaynot mentioned.SaintPerhapsHistorian'sit wascollectionnot used.is

training NOW. In a few months with the best in earlier volumes of this upThe author does not hesitate to let a flipyou can qualify for interesting, todate series. pant ridicule, in slightly respectful dress,

important work in Government However, if this book is intended to give appear over and over again. This ridicule

faith. principles basic of Christian true picture of the people of the Mormon touches or industrial offices. a

the But, perhaps not author is a Christian. failed. has the author Country,

The facts used are often correct, and as The chapter on Myth and Legend, aside

Ask for our "Bulletin of Inoften distorted by wellknown antiMormon from the fiction it presents, is not a serious formation."It will tell you views. The Mormons are pictured as an valuation of a people. Men should speak

the kindly religious of or of others views poor, uneduindustrious, lowgrade, but about evening and day silent. is remain way. That the Mormon led people, superstitious cated, by leaders tuition rates, classes, courses

of the in profanity. people worldfamous are strong The Country The Mormon

of etc. study, to correctly. is likened described the plains to the yet trek across be This book

movement of a herd of buffalo led by "cunwill mislead the uninformed. That is the

ning""tough old bulls who ran the show."pity! Otherwise it could take its easy place * It is curious that notable physical, ecowith other mixtures of fact and fiction.

nomic and social conquests could be won A word of thanks to Dr. Stegner for his

by such a people! chapter on Earl Douglas, a man who did

The author does not know Mormon hisvaluable work and failed to receive his due tory, philosophy and doctrine well enough. reward in life.—/. A. W. L. D. S.

BUSINESS THE TRAIL (Continued from page 791) tion to every gulch, every trail, every night Jake ventured to say, "Bill, boulder, every lizard, and every ratCOLLEGE we can't go up that trail."tlesnake in this country. Now, whose

SALT LAKE CITY "What do you propose?"I asked. judgment should be the best?"

"Well, Joe and I have decided to "Yours should,"they answered workers are office Former finding at once, "but you are always willing Gulch to where the Kanab down after taking ready employment our go to tackle the impossible."it enters and follow Grand Canyon course. "brushup"

to Kanab.""Part of the trail you have to fol-

"What will you use for food? We low to get to the Kanab Gulch passes

will only have one small meal left for one mile within one foot of a after breakfast in the morning."sheer ledge which is a thousand feet

"There's plenty of horse meat,"high. There are many places too

said Joe. dangerous to undertake in bad

"We've got salt,"added Jake. weather,"I explained.

"Now, fellows, this is your first "We'll go around the dangerous trip here. You have never been places,"said Joe.

through the Kanab Gulch. I have, "Now, boys, let's go to sleep.

Answer On Page 824 and I have had a personal introducYou'll feel better in the morning."

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

THE TRAIL ftft- NT ext morning we were still disof a band of sheep. They were pullfor agreed, country. lower split our so we and ing camp Did we folYoung Latterday Saints divided that left. low sheep the small meal which trail, no matter "Well,

so long, pals. I'll tell your folks you direction? Ask any cowboy who was

won't be home for Christmas,"I raised on the range and not in a Can Serve AMERICA..

said, and started up the trail leading drugstore. It didn't take long. "Nomy pack horse and my saddle horse. body home?—that's all right."There more skilfully and strongly

trail the forks of the plentyAt they stopped. of was plenty "chuck"of and after training at their

oats. I could said, not hear they eat? what Did but sing and we Ask

they followed me. another real cowboy. Church University.

"The Gulch Trail goes the other As we pulled toward home the Young men can train way,"I called. snow became thinner and the fog toward officerships in "We've decided to all die togeththicker. At last we could not see each theV military services and at

er,"said Jake. other a rod away. Every stray hair the same time carry on

That was a tough climb. All day standing alone on our horses was studies that will help them

we wallowed in snow. Some of the as big as a match. Night came all serve well in peace time.

too the soon desert and seemedhorses refused to try any with more Young women can Bill, gloomy. "Well, where do we all atanything their backs. on There business, study home lay tonight?"'em asked down Jake. only to thing one do.was V must We economics, other and many

I replied. "Sunshine,"thecarry for pack saddles and those fitting subjects to them

horses that gave up. Here's where "Where's that?"asked Joe. serve in war industry, servJoe proved his strength and courage, "About ten miles northeast."ice auxiliaries, etc.

I testify thatand has he of plenty receiveboth. I'll o t h sexes take the out; horses "You Jake.

this "Think we can find it?"asked VBspiritual stuff incarry relays development to get and

the top when you do,"he said. "My horse knows the way, and which will help them work

I'm not too fight bad at the game. I'll lead and courageously, the reached top the we When follow."and you cleanly and successfully. fullmoon was and bright, the and

ten that o'clock night About westars smiled as and sang, we laughed Special arrangements are at stood the tent. of Brig door Riggs'Thee, Thank"We Oh God, so that made a for a There of wagonload corn persons who was andProphet."

left there, in agriworking sheep been by some man. have

culture industry or war may "Christmas Eve, is well!"and all

enroll late secure "Shall"No—wewe campmust here?"find plentyaskedofJake.dry shoutedoats and Joe.timber. full five miles About from here Next morning the fog had raised advantage of the time rethere is a large I know where patch

and the wind as was howling we maining in the quarter.of cedars. dry are all wet to We

first for home. camp "For the necksour freeze and will without a brokegood fire."time my kiddies will have no ChristAutumn Quarter Ends

thinking, as I was we rode December 18 We headed for the dry cedars in intomas tree,"town. the little But boys had

snow that touched our horses'necks. dragged a pine tree out of the hills, Winter Quarter:

the timber,We found and Joe at once and Santa Claus had made his yearJanuary 4-March 26 a fire.began to make ly call.

"Don't try to make a fire now, For Information, address The President

Joe,"I said. "You'll freeze. Your CHRISTMAS DAYS

clothes are frozen stiff as boards. Briglram Young University

pullLet's trees pile over and them PresidentBy Wm.of theW.BrazilianSeegmillerMission PROVO, UTAH untilup then and we get warm make

a fire."/""hristmas days have come and gone ft ft

When we got warm, we had about -* Downone.through the years, aye, one by

three cords of good wood piled, and Happiness has come our way.

we began to dig in for the night. The Not always did it come to stay. IPSE For OVER FIFTY YEARS

feet oversnow three was deep. die, love fade and would We and Joy Aids in treatment of Canker, simple itcleared fire real could never a and away If we and weep made cry; sore throat and other minor mouth rain and So clouds have betimes comein the the clearing. of middle There

irritations. and throat the us see that shines. sun make To trying find use nowas to for feed

our horses, so we tied them up. What Through darkest skies, if we but seek,

little food we had we ate and turned Life Towouldfind beouronestrengthdrearyatday,Jesus'feet. Hall's Canker Remedy

in for the night. If through our tears we could not say, 536 East 2nd So. at Salt Lake City, Utah

Next morning a dense fog covered "Thy will, O Lord, not mine be done!

I cast burdens Son. on mythe country. Thy Thicker thicker and

that family reads "The together, gives strength cross to bear. He me myit as traveled became holds northward. together"we hears answers and prayer. every HeAfter five miles, about gone had we THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

this in "So, of world joy pain and today than more ever as needed horsesour into straight walked a

I'll for refrain, in worship every sweet "a magazine Him member trailwide cut where a someone had of the family"all the years For so dear sweet and 12 Issues itgreen in cedar front dragged and I've found tear."$2.00 happiness mid and

lllelchizedeirPriGsthood CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,

CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, CHARLES A. CALLIS, SYLVESTER Q. CANNON, AND HAROLD B. LEE

tivities may be tabulated from these ing committees where special, pertiSiaksL fojnmiti&JL records. It will be observed that the nent planning and study is conducted

HPhe general Melchizedek Priesthood activitiesitems onto bethiscarriedcardon willin eachsuggestof the byPriesthooda membercommittee.of the stake (Cf.Melchizedekp. 730,

committee has just approved a four Melchizedek Priesthood quorum November Era for membership of the new individual record card for quorum committees. stake committee)

distributed to are Thesemembers. be It is the responsibility of the quorum In the stake stakes leadership some the Priesthood General Committeeby the presidencies to use complete and stake the and Priesthood Melchizedek Salt City.from Lake actiin their plans for cards quorum jointly, the meet of Priestorder but the stake committee of chairman The vities. greater the the Consequently, exercises remains hood quorum the rethe immediately write forshould filling precision in them care used and same. see cards, of thenquired and number will the the out, the greater of value be

to it that they are given to each quorum records in disclosing the needs and inAll members of the Melchizedek presidency within the stake. terests of the quorums. Priesthood should meet at least once a

Follow up this record and urge the month in full quorum capacity. This is

quorum officers to get them filled out the monthly quorum meeting for quoras soon as possible. The completed ums divided into ward groups. Each

records will remain in the custody of What is the Diiference Between the ward group should meet weekly. Specthe quorum officers, but may be a valuMonthly Melchizedek Priesthood ial quorum or group meetings may be

stake to the presidencyable guide as requires. occasion of Neither Meeting or Leadership and the held looking for suitablebishopric when the monthly meetings interfere should Meeting? Monthly Quorum assignfor auxiliary or specialmen other, with each the leaderalthough

ments. Although both meetings are held ship gathering may immediately follow

* monthly, there is a difference in the the monthly quorum meeting.

purpose and in those who attend.

The leadership meeting is conducted

Quorum presidencies will secure the by the stake Melchizedek Priesthood (psLk&jmotL WdgjcVuL new approved individual record committee for the quorum presidencies four of the standing commit only. After "\17hichcards the stake from and committee members Melchizedek vv tees the Priestof Mechizedek the meeting opening exercisesPriesthood complete the and Committee

them immediately so that further acdivides into groups of the four standhood quorums should have charge of the individual records of quorum memis bers a question has frequently which

The information on this card is confidential asked. been obvious answer is The

INDIVIDUAL RECORD OF QUORUM MEMBER that none of the said four committees

Name Address Phone has exclusive charge of these records.

Quorum Name and No Ward Stake The maintenance of these records is the

Date of birth Married, single, widowed No. Dependents Is wife member?.. responsibility of the quorum presidency.

Education - Special Training The chairman of each of the four stand- (if committees secrethe quorum dependent? Needs Help.... ing Economically independent? Partially? Wholly

tary social of the chairman is made the

Family Health: Self miscellaneous activity and committee)

Sabbath day observance Knowledge of gospel is present at the weekly council meetPERCENTAGE MEETING ATTENDANCE: OBEDIENCE TO: ing of the quorum presidency. At this

Year Quorum SundaySchool Sacrament M.I.A. LiquorWordTob.of WisdomTea Coffee full Tithingpart none theLawFastof meetingum membersthe individualare alwaysrecordsavailableof quorand

1942 1943 consistently used in determining what 1944 activities should be carried on with a (over) view to inducing each quorum member to live to the standards of the Church.

The items on the record card suggest

FURTHER INFORMATION theactivitiesfields whichof responsibilitywill fall naturallyof the fourinto

Date this card was completed.. standing committees, as defined in the

Present employment Melchizedek Priesthood section of the

Other vocational experience November 1942, Improvement Era, pages 730731. The responsibility for

carrying the activities through will then of Church Preference activity rest the respective standing upon comactivity Present Church mittees, the with a of member quorum

General Attitude presidency's council as chairman. Since

Capabilities for Church service, talents the chairman of the Personal Welfare

Social interest and hobbies committee is also the president of the quorum, upon him, more than upon anyMiscellaneous information.. one else, rests the responsibility to see

that the individual record of each quorum member is kept up to date and that the record file is put to its maximum use.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

and knowledge of those few members

SdcxoL &VnjLdJcsriLanswJUA. NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO of the class who may have done special

work and research in a certain field.

TThe COLUMN of their to impart glad They will be A sentedindividualthis monthrecordand cardit hasisa prespe- felexperience to their and knowledge miscial significance for the social and it is the A Man Who Quit low quorum members.cellaneous committee. Since

presidencyresponsibility the Melchizedek of Priesthood quorum at teacher a Richards, \X7ilford W. desires interests social theto learn and of Study, 1943 Outline January, Institute, a S. L. ** the Logan D.

it intelligently that theof so group may to Elder bishop, a letter wrote former Text: Teachings of the Prophet activities, outline future care should be things other B. Lee. Harold Among Smith Joseph interest specific of each the to gettaken story: following the written was 41 LESSON card. Later, his on recordedmember

by studying the cards, the committee The president of the stake and I had been Revelation (Continued) will be able to tell where the greatest in conversation regarding the choice of a 5. True and false manifestations

interest lies and so plan favorable group man for the position of president in an a. God has ordained that no vision is

decided quorum. upon a very to see taken be but what We by the youparties. elder's

all of middle age who possessed fine man the ear hear eye and ( 161 by of the characteristics we hoped for with ( 1 ) When you see a vision, pray

QhuhdfL S&JwksL the Weexceptioncalled thisof thebrotherfact thatinto heanusedofficea pipe.and (2) forIf youthe getinterpretationnot this, shut it up;

the in president, eyes looking the him stake there certainty be must responsibility of this the comCince that pipe said, to throw "Ed, you we want will vision manifest (b) An open is activmittee to promote Church elders'the the of president become and away is that important which more ity, individual will the record card new his it?"dropped quorum. Will do you Ed will great manifestabe There (4)

prove a welcome aid in selecting men head for a few seconds and then returntions of spirits, both false and with special talents and abilities for ing the eye to eye contact said, "I'll do it."true

required assignments. In your work of Tied up in this response was a decision b. Nothing is a greater injury to men

struggle. of that meant made weeks Ed the influence to of a under than be into placing Church members quorum

live to just that reports he began and good spirit false think they they when service, the glance cards a should over

It habit. the tobacco he conquered when the Spirit of have (205) God suited the the selection best expedite of is of he detailed interesting, story how an angels ministering been have c. There

job. individuals for the particular By that himself within he determined would in Satan of the which Church were

serving, men grow. The capacity to make good on the promise even if it killed appearing as an angel of light (214)

love your fellow men increases. Kinhim, and how at times he thought it might ( 1 ) Speak many true things and

ship with things eternal becomes more even be that serious. A wife who had many false

to years induce him with Ed for former revelations to (2) Contradict of a reality. worked

suffer seeing even him give up smoking, now (215) brought him tobacco and asked him to use (3) The spirit of the devil can only

Thoi&A, fiwwL JthiL J'hlct itcisionto reducewas made,his suffering.and so it Notstood.so, theOut deof beGodunmasked(205) by the Spirit of

Idaho Elders Really Produce menthis needexperiencea majorI challenge.came to feelIf theythathappensome Discuss1. What is the law to the Church redecision that a of the type can to make be garding revelations and commandments to cooperation manifested has K/Jormon

it the matter follow through what no and J.V1 the Church? of the Seventh itseif in Quorum is Perhaps victory the cost, won. then we

elders at the Dayton (Idaho) Ward don't properly challenge or stimulate those LESSON 42 ( Oneida Stake ), for the past three with whom we work. The Holy Ghost

years in their tenacre beet project. Read Teachings of the Prophet Joseph

9, 189, 149151, 242243, 245, Smith, pp. in plot thinned onehalf was The QmJbuuuddofL day gla&A. 88:3-5; 131:5; 298, 306; 305, Cov. Doc. 6 sixtythree of the aid with memward

19, 18, 26; 132:7, 124:124; 76:5354; 68:12; bers. social given at eventhe not directed same was should be Instruction A II 23. 14:1518, 1:1719; 21, Peter lohn

ing elders. the by quorof the educational average the

. 1 First Ghost Holy The Comforter—The as so should organized this be but financial yield um, welfare from The the a. as taught Elders preach to by

project is noteworthy too. During the to be understandable to the least eduComforter by the prayer of faith

past two years $255.00 has been given cated member of the class. In this way, (D. & C. 52:9; 42:1214)

toward the erection of a new stake all may grasp thoroughly the signifi- ( 1 ) To be directed by the Spirit house, $500.00 for beautification of the cance of the saving truths of the gos- (2) If ye receive not the Spirit, ye

shall not teach fundagreat pel. taught Savior missionaries, for $50.00 The Dayton Ward,

all shall things, and teach you also principles and mental drew for Welfare, and a $450.00 Church all to things some b. bringHe remembrance your

illustrative using fine distinctions by purchased. also $100.00 bond war was 14:26) (John

Quorum president is Reuben W. parables which were understandable to c. Teacheth the peaceable things of

Archibald and counselors are Lyman the least of the people. the kingdom (D. & C. 39:6)

Balls and Eldon Manning. Utilize, where feasible, the ability (Concluded on page 811)

DAYTON (IDAHO) WARD ELDERS'BEET PROJECT WORKERS

THE WDRKDFTHE O FVE RTY

"So ysL Onto OIL JthL Wtfddl'By 1830, the western country beyond the Appalachian "Dew subjects in the annals of Church history make a more mountains was settled by sturdy pioneers. As the children

*- vital appeal to the members of the Priesthood than does of the Revolutionary fathers crossed the mountains to the the work of the seventy. From the day when the Prophet west, they carried with them the traditions of their forJoseph Smith called and ordained the First Council in the bears. They acquired land for homes, and homebuilding

Kirtland Temple until the present, the seventy have grown was one of the factors that gave them durable lives. They

to be 17,000 members, grouped into some three hundred and worked hard to clear the soil and to prepare it for wheat and eighteen quorums. Realizing the important work that has corn. There was much severe labor combined with hardthe "traveling of the been priesthood high done Church,"by exposure. ship and built, cities bridges Roads and were First the President has appointed Council Levi Edgar established, love which brought freedom, the and and will seventy, write to of the be were which a history Young

printed in brief chapters in the Bra during the next year, democratization of society. This raised labor to dignity

1943. We have adopted as the title for this series of lessons: and selfrespect and brought happiness and the spirit of alGo Ye Into All the World. This material will serve as the truism. In western New York and in Ohio there were many

for course the seventy. of study meeting the monthly quorum Methodists, Campbellites, Presbyterians,

three the meetings weekly Teachings At the each month other religious groups o/ sects—Baptists,Catholics, and many which were

the Prophet Smith will Joseph frontier continue to be studied by all forces the of that early period on of the nineteenth of the Priesthood. Melchizedek quorums

religious influence century, the of the together people and with the conquest of the land furnished the forces that dominated American society. The multiplicity of sects did not

Introduction imply a lack of religious fervor, for in the frontier settlements, there were Bibles in most of the homes of the piothe of Independence writing of the Declaration neers. of the world the Constitution the United States,Withand

was given a system of government which was a That there sprang up many differences of opinion on the consummation of the wisest thought of all the ages. These religious teachings of the different sects was quite natural.

two documents established the foundation of America's purThomas Jefferson wrote to a friend in 1820 and said: "I hope

pose. "Divine Providence had saved half of the earth for that the genuine and simple religion of Jesus Christ may be

man to start anew."The better nature of man had sumrestored, for it hath become so muffled up in mysteries that

moned him to America in search of treasures richer than it is concealed from the vulgar eyes."In the same year,

gold; his quest was for freedom, liberty, and equality of William Ellery Channing in a sermon in Baltimore had exrights, and it was John Jay, the first chief justice of the pressed somewhat similar ideas. This was the time when

United States who declared: "The Americans are the first the Unitarians declared their independence from all sects

people whom Heaven has favored with an opportunity of and gave their exposition of beliefs. In 1825, Michelet

deliberating upon, and choosing the forms of government wrote in his History of the French Revolution these words:

under which they should live. As long as fundamental questions remain eluded, there can be

"America had become a land blessed above all other no progress, either religious or social. The world is waiting for a

lands,"and by 1800 the government of the United States had faith, to march forward again, to breathe and to live. But never

started on its career to become the country of religious and can faith have a beginning in deceit, cunning, or treatises of falsepolitical freedom. America from its earliest history had hood.

been a refuge for all persecuted sects, and they were comThe year 1827 witnessed the beginning of the railroad in mitted to the idea of religious liberty when they came here. America; and on the rivers and the ocean, sailing vessels

The Holy Bible made them loyal to an ultimate truth, which were to be replaced by steamboats. The friction match was

gave a new impetus to higher education, resulting in the sold for the first time in New York in 1828, while the sewing establishment of colleges, which fostered the tendency tomachine, the threshing machine, the mowing machine, the ward democracy. The scriptures gave the common man a modern plow, the modern stove, and lamp were yet in the

larger influence in religious affairs, and this led to a higher future. The old pioneer life, with the man at the head of

conception of political life, and a more decided moral tone a typical cabindwelling, will see new life as expressed in among the people. schools and universities, facilities for transportation, new

Puritanism was the most powerful influence in our colonlights for the home, new machinery for the farm. He did the

ial era. We do not mean that Puritanism as applied to heavy work, he ran the outdoor risks, he defended the

New England alone, for Puritanism was the reawakened frontier against the Indians. But his hazards were lighter

temper of the Reformation in Europe, a spiritual movement, than those of the woman, whose interminable labors in the belonging to no single group. It was a product of Bible little cabin made her cook and seamstress, teacher and docstudy and reading, which sprang up in England, France, tor; and with regularity, childbirth came, that she might

and Holland in the sixteenth century, and was a potent factor enlarge the population, although mortality was high among in creating dissatisfaction among the English people, parchildren.

ticularly when by the Act of Uniformity during the reign of The year 1830 was an auspicious time for the world to be

Elizabeth, the Prayer was estabQueen Book of Common to a knowledge of the era awakened living God. A new lished religious as the only for every of worship form for the beginning their come, ashad people were to widen

sembly. intellectual horizons and were helping to lay the foundaWith the beginning of the nineteenth century, America tions of a finer and deeper culture. They were looking

had many Protestant sects, which had naturally grown up for new goals of endeavor, they were being inspired with in this new country where land was plentiful for homes, more varied and higher ideals.

and where everyone was free to worship God according to one's own conscience. Puritanism and Quakerism A new day was approaching to shed its light upon America

played an important part in the formation of the laws and and to encircle the globe. A conviction was deepening

institutions of the American colonists and stimulated their that the world needed the word of God from heaven. Life

passion for liberty and their hatred for oppression and had become impoverished primarily because there was no wrong. (Concluded on page 811)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

Melchizedek Priesthood ( 1 ) vidualsUnconditionalnot taughtelectionby theof aposindi- (4) To(D. &teachC. 42:12)from the scriptures

saying: repentance Crying tles (5) 809) page {Concluded from

out come yourselves and obediSave through Salvation only (2) the love those Lord to d. Sent who fire the of (36:5-6) the gospel to ence C. (D. themselves purify and & in faith increase resist to to seek All have power (6) To (3) men

76:116) the earth the devil (1:21,23)

e. the and humble enlighten to Sent the gentiles, to then to Jews calling c. First to and d. Exhortation make

contrite (D. 136:33) C. & 112:21) sure (107:35; election (298, 305)

f. Saints the gives knowledge unto He to open hold ( of keys prophsure ( Twelve word The more 1 ) The 1 ) 121:26) C. (D. 6 proclamation the in the sealed door they that by were ecy

spirit C. revelation of (D. The & g. the gospel of the heavens

cf. 8:2-3, 9:8-9) preach life travel and eternal of (a) the promise To (2) Had

faith, it repentafter h. receive Saints gentiles the of in the (298, kingdom among God

baptism and ance (149) the of the door unlock (b) 301) To intellieffect other than pure no i. Has of among soul, heaven sure the to kingdom and anchor (3) An gence it all in nations to steadfast, support every (74)

the in expanding ( Powerful 1 ) isall nations, to trial sent Elders of hour (2) mind lands sea, joint foreign the of lands that they were Evidence (4) understandthe Enlightening (2) gentiles, then to the First Christ (a) heirs with ing all to the (133:8, 37) righteous to other Jews Climax (5)

intellect presthe with Storing (3) of tidings glad (b) carry attainments (305, 306) To ent knowledge all people to to you, joy declare great the voice Hear (6) of j. not of Effect one bestowal upon lot that in part and a have you (48)

literal of seed (150) Abraham 1: all everyII Peter invite Cf. (306; (c) men kingdom To old blood, and the out Purges (1) of heirs to 1719) become where

the of seed actually him makes: salvation Discuss (77)

of Abraham to inhabitants (d) Encourage 1. the receiving that Second ComShow the creation Holy by (2) new A city build holy gather and of Spirit the forter, sealed being Holy by Ghost the Lord unto (86) eleccalling and promise, your having andDiscuss Discuss tion sure are synonymous. made 1. the has that no Ghost Explain "Holy

bring such labor missionary does 1. Why receive ever 2. person intelligence."an unworthy effect pure Can thanother

is faithful the missionary great who joy to of that he the prophecy"sure "more word

LESSON 43 shall obtain eternal life? and diligent?

The Second Comforter 3. Emphasize the conditions laid down

2. The Second Comforter (150151; John of "living by every word of God"and of

overcoming 21, 14:1518, 23) "by faith."Cf. D. & C. 130: The Work of the Seventy 2021. a. to those Given who after baptism

and confirmation live by every word (Concluded from page 810) 44 of (150) LESSON God ideal. direct, spiritual need was The thorthe to has b. those Lord Given Missionaries and Missionary Work release felt would which purpose for a deterfound proved, and oughly the Prophet Joseph Teachings of Read the toward people guide capacities and all at hazards to serve him mined 156. 8687, 112, 74, 77, 48, 43, Smith, pp. this in of endeavor. a goal As new (150) 2123, 17, 1:4, 178179, 174, D. 292; C. &

it people him, will the ago, unto century say c. then a Lord day, so was The 43:1512; 36:5-6; 42:6, 2628, 3536; 34:9;

exalted shalt be thou Son, James Dream."American had "An 88: 84:8090; 5, 21; 75:3, 16; 52:34; 60:13;

sure election calling d. and made His in his America Epic of 37. Truslow 133:8, Adams 81. 118:3; 107:35; 84; 112:21;

e. the Lord Comforter, Second The in the development that out pointed has all 1. to nato preached gospel be The will attend Christ Himself, Jesus counour of resources physical of the tions Sec. 1) (365; D. &C. time from or him unto him, appear

to time a. A day of warning to all people (D. try, "there has been an idealistic striv-

f. He will manifest the Father unto & C. 1:4) ing which, however obscured, is still the

him, and they will take up their ( 1 ) "By the mouths of my disciples, distinctive note and the contribution of abode with him whom I have chosen"our nation to human progress. It is the

g. The Lord will teach him face to (2) Commanded to proclaim comideal of the more abundant life, of realthe to world mandments face, a perfect have he and may possibilities."its largest in life izing

calamthey escape of mysteries the of That the (3) may knowledge reto be energies spiritual were Fresh ities (v. to 17) come kingdom the belief"from "living a leased and shall all wills life that men eternal h. unto sealed (4) God up He

to one given to be throne was of God shall from taken peace be know (D. 68:12) is&C.

i. Given those "who overcome by the earth, and the devil shall chosen to be His prophet.

the power faith, are sealed Holy have by and over his own doQUESTIONS AND TOPICS FOR minion the Father (v. 35) Spirit of promise, which

sheds forth upon all those who are (5) The Lord to come down in DISCUSSION just and true"(D. & C. 76:5354) judgment upon the world (v. (Any good American History will be

j. Another Comforter, even the Holy 36) useful)

should other warned Every of man Spirit (6) promise, "which this lesson first sentence of the 1. Discuss his neighbor (D. that warn I promthe & C. same Comforter Independof Declaration the concerning disciples, 88:81) recorded as ised unto myis United of the Constitution the ence and to voice and warning Labors (D. of (7) the testimony in John"6 C.

88:3-5) be unto the head of the houseStates.

k. This Comforter is the promise I hold (86) 2. What were some of the beliefs of the

give unto you of eternal life; even (8) Servants of God will not have Puritans and the Quakers? When did

the glory of the celestial kingdom; gone over the nations of the they first come to America?

which glory is that of the church of gentiles until the destroying 3. What were some of the forces that

the Brst born (D. & C. 88:4-5) angel will commence to waste brought about strong characteristics of

3. Calling and election made sure inhabitants of the earth (87) the American pioneers?

a. Until we have perfect love we are b. First principles to be taught 4. What were some of the most noted reliable to fall from grace (9) ( 1 ) Elders sent into world to ligious sects of early day America?

b. When we have perfect love we have preach repentance and baptism 5. What did Thomas Jefferson mean when

testimony our names are sealed in (292) he spoke of the religious sects of America the Lamb's book of life (2) To declare the first principles as he did?

( 1 ) Then it is impossible for us to and let mysteries alone 6. What were some of the new inventions

be deceived (3) Should never meddle with viin America about 1830 and after?

c. God passes over no man's sins (189; sions of beasts and subjects 7. What have you been mostly impressed

339) they do not understand with in this lesson?

sspiiflaronicTriesthoodCONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP

COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY New Quorum Roll and Record Book Introduced JANUARY, 1943

Tn the July 1942, issue of Progress o/ in contemplation of these changes, so

Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS * the Church, the Presiding Bishopric that there will be no delay or lost moChapter 1: Fishers of Boys announced the combination of the tion when the program becomes effecformer Aaronic Priesthood committee tive.

Quotations from the Text: meeting and the Aaronic Priesthood

1. Many in the Church have passed up extension plan meeting held separately Ward Boy Leadership Committee

thrill the of a winning boy. the And are meetings month. each These two designation The Aaronic "Ward

exciting is truth that to boys want in future. the as held to be one Priesthood The Committee"is to be changed be "landed."

is this that meeting be to recommendation Leadership Boy "Ward Committee."

2. is The average boy anxiously waiting the of each seventh or held before on of personnel will inthe committee The

for to you get him. come and publithe In connection with month. clude the bishopric, general ward and

3. Think the children how crowded this there of cation assistant information were secretaries, advisers quorum around the Christ! teachevery And given, of instructions other which most to the teachers, priests: deacons, Suner and leader, Church who human

will year. the maintain throughout new teachers day School of Junior, Adforget and can himself and speaks whois

the language of youth and has hope The changes here announced will bevanced Junior, Senior, Advanced Senin his soul and spring in his heart, come effective January 1, 1943. It would ior, and the Gospel Message classes;

will draw prepare to in the well boys to him as certainly as be meantime and Y. I. A. Senior M. M. M Men leader, did. Jesus necessary are as such adjustments leader, make assistant Scout Senior Scout

4. When we assay to go into the boy leader, Senior Scout Troop committeeworld, we must be true citizens of his men, Scout Master, assistant Scout

world. We must think his thoughts WARD BOY LEADERSHIP Master, and Scout Troop committeewith him.

5. We live in an Eye Age. TRAINING TO BEGIN men.

6. The fishers of boys... must uncover JANUARY, 1943 General Secretary

in class boys'a the future leadership search among extensive an After of the chairman Aaronic The Ward of the Church. Leadership must be field ** in the available best the books is Priesthood desigcommittee to be first found and then guided. decided leadership, have of we boy as nated general secretary to the Ward fishers of a boys 7. The have golden opby Boys, text, to the upon Win is How Leadership committee. This Boy portunity, more precious than the jewStott. Though Gilmore Roscoe Dr. position, not a but merely change a new els in the of crown ruler. earthly any most faith, a the has author of our not official in designation. general fisher For such a The teach not only may our parelleling point striking of view the Christian art of giving the will precisely and secretary usethe have same

ful art of leading, but may become... own ideas on boy leadership. duties as he formerly had under the

college of years has Dr. Stott had of the builders Another title "Chairman of the Ward Aaronic

service, field of this rich for building That keep men for God! training Priesthood Committee."

additional climaxed has been by which 8. is a is Ours marvelous work. a Ours In the a with meeting Melchizedek

leadexperience as practical a of years fraught work with joys. many The the of Priesthood Council of committee

is and unique er boys. book waiting. are of His boys are strugSome the the Bishopric, Presiding and Twelve

gling, drifting, prirespects, floating. but in some outstanding Will many

it title felt that unanimously any was join in you and become, helping it theory. is God devoid of marily because or designation implies the authorwhich fishers you, of boys? this It is timely as practical as and

ity in in official to act capacity an calendar. week's /or theHelps Class Leader: Priesthood be matters Aaronic should obtained text be the of Copies may

is bishopric avoided. the the ward are The estabvarious agencies 1. What 44 Company, at Deseret the Book

lished the to the of presidency Priesthood, be by Church employed Aaronic Salt Street, Lake South East Temple in fishing for boys? full such, authority and, the as have postcopy, per City, at Utah, $1.00

2. the Discuss of the example affor responsibility directing the power on and paid.

fishers part of of boys. fairs teachers, the of deacons, and carefully study should leaders Class

3. the spelling of Demonstrate "cooperapriests in the various auwards. This and each month suggested chapter the

in tion"letters two and show (WE) oththority delegated to be cannot any desire. as material the he present may this to the applied leader would how be er persons. or person full is timely of ideas so text and The the and boy. for the minimize This not need does posbest require the instruction as to 4. circles the two blackboard. on Draw the leader a highclass general as boy alltoo- sible to the preparation avoid Title of one "The Youth"and World the secretary Leadership to Boy Ward time the spending of frequent mistake the other of Adults.""The World

Then list in each circle the characterallotted in nonessentials. It is felt committee. By the very nature of the

istics of each world, and discuss with that, for the most part, supplementary many responsibilities of the ward bishthe class. If we are to be successful material is unnecessary and impractical opric, it is impossible for them to care

in teaching boys, we must be acquaintfor use in the short period allotted to for all the details in connection with ed with their world and know how to leadership training in the monthly the Aaronic Priesthood program. They

citizens thereof. become leader a competent have boy Boy Leadership Committee should Ward

5. Itemize on the board a long list of his details in care, all of the who has meeting.

fishing in good for boys. all times to assist is able at and will be who for the Class "Helps Leader"of spiritualsense Example: bait to Abe deepused in of the the bishopric will promotion outline. ward These each with ity, enthusiasm, the of provided point boys'

view, humor, recreation, etc. Add as encourage class discussion, which the entire program. May we repeat

many more as possible, and discuss should produce much valuable help to again, the general secretary is not a with the class. all concerned. new position, but merely a new title to

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

be applied to the former ward chairman of the Twelve, and agreed upon by the services in other stake capacities makes of the Aaronic Priesthood committee, Presiding Bishopric, stake presidencies the change advisable.

with the same responsibilities as a spewill be asked for only one member of cial assistant to the ward bishopric. the high council to serve on the stake Committees for Adult Members

Wards having appointed a secretary Aaronic Priesthood committee, instead of the Aaronic Priesthood of the former Ward Aaronic Priesthood of three, as in past. It is recommended

committee should now designate such that the one high councilman be apAny reference to the adult members officer as assistant secretary to the pointed to serve as chairman of the of the Aaronic Priesthood should be

Ward Boy Leadership committee. In committee. made hereafter not as "Adult Aaronsmall wards, the appointment of an asThe reason for this change is that ics"or "Adult Aaronic Priesthood

sistant secretary may be unnecessary. this would leave more members of the Members,"but as adult members of the

This is left to the judgment and discrehigh council for appointment by the Aaronic Priesthood. Stake and ward

tion of the ward bishopric. Undoubtstake presidencies to other work which adult Aaronic Priesthood committees

edly, large wards will find it necessary may now be neglected because so many are to be designated in the future as to appoint such officer in order to avoid high councilmen are serving on the stake and ward committees for the loading the general secretary with too stake Aaronic Priesthood committee. adult members of the Aaronic Priestmuch responsibility. This suggestion does not imply that hood.

stake presidencies are now under the The reason for this change is that the

Stake Aaronic Priesthood necessity of releasing high councilmen use of the term adult Aaronic PriestCommittee Organization in addition to the stake chairman, who hood implies that there are two Aaronmay now be serving as members of the ic Priesthoods, one for young men unAt the suggestion of the Melchizedek stake Aaronic Priesthood committee, der twentyone and another for men

Priesthood committee of the Council unless they feel that the need for their over twentyone who are not yet ordained to the Melchizedek Priesthood.

This, of course, is in error, making this

FORTYSIX DEACONS HAVE ONE HUNDRED PERCENT change advisable and most appropriate.

TITHING AND WORD OF WISDOM RECORD sonnelThereofistheto stakebe no andchangewardin committhe pertees for adult members of the Aaronic

Priesthood. The stake committee will

be headed by a chairman chosen from the high council, with two associates and a secretary chosen at large. The

5 v ward committee will have a chairman, a secretary, and as many members as may be necssary in the judgment of the if ward bishopric for the promotion of the work among the adult members of the Aaronic Priesthood.

New Quorum Roll and Record Book

To Replace Extension Plan Card

The introduction of a new quorum roll and record book will eliminate the

Aaronic Priesthood extension plan individual record card. Wards now using the extension plan card will continue to do so until the first of the year,

when this system will give way to the use of the new quorum roll and record book. Wards not using the extension

plan card now need not worry about it any more.

The new roll book will be made up of four sections as follows: Section One

provides for the listing of all young men of quorum ages who do not hold the Priesthood. Section Two is the

regular quorum roll, with a provision for the ward bishopric to make assignments to committee members to visit inactive young men, recording such assignments and whether or not they were

FIRST, SECOND, AND THIRD QUORUMS OF DEACONS, LeGRAND WARD, BONNEVILLE STAKE subsequently filled. Section Three is

all a of monthly Aaronic summary

The fortysix deacons pictured have above established asked in he When why was the not photograph with activities looking forward outstanding in recorda most unusual and the of his boys replied, or he in payment "In one another way the Priesthood am tithing observance of and of the in photograph fortysix Word Wisdom. is positions."Without the This to the of a I challenging making monthly Ward

exception is each deacon's recorded thought on for name Honor the Aaronic Priesthood leadership throughout Leadership report. committee Boy AtTithing Record for in display on the the photograph. Church. Bishop leader these of been 1942 the Madsen had

In addition to the one hundred percent tithing record, young men for two or three years before being recently the end of the year the twelve monthly each has personally certified young man Hirry appointed to Bishop bishop. ward

that intoxicating he use tobacco, does notW. Madsen presidencies Quorum at the present time are: First summaries may be computed into an

drinks, coffee. or tea Jesperson, Robert president, with annual Gale will constitute John summary, which Quorum—

All three will qualify for quorums the and Standard Robert counselors, Gandre and Bennett, Scott basis the for the Priestannual Aaronic forQuorum Award secretary; Second 1942. president, Horrocks,

Bishop writes: been Madsen has pleasure "It to with Robert Gilbert counselors, report. my as Maxfield Ronald Quorum—Garyandas provides hood Section Four

visit of in the his each deacons times and during Johnson, secretary; many Marvin home Third Quorum—Darwin for of a minute each meeting quorum Ithe year. Barker, have finest always the had president, from support with David Jerry Izatt Hogan as and

the parents in plans for the welfare of their sons."counselors, and Fred Paget, secretary. held.

eachinq CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

Thirtythird in a series of articles WARD TEACHERS written the late by Elder F. Orson if Spirit, strong in the with him be you let him take among any man And the Whitney Council of of the ** that in that that him all meekness, he be edified is weak, he may may Twelve. originally in Published

"The Contributor."become strong also.

Therefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser priest30th, 1841, President On January Joseph 84:106, hood. 107)... (D. &C.Smith Trusteein-Trust for was elected the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, "to hold the office during life,"and his "sucSuggestions For Ward Teachers cessors to be the First Presidency of the

Church."On the first of March of that Teachers should be actively interested in their people. They should

year, Nauvoo was divided into four wards, visit them in times of illness and death. They should be aware of the spirpresided over severally by Bishops N. K. itual, physical, and temporal status of their people to such an extent that

Whitney, George Miller, Isaac Higbee and distress and want may be reported at once, and appropriate assistance to

Vinson Knight. The same month these the worthy be provided without delay.

Bishops organized the Lesser Priesthood of

Nauvoo, as follows: Samuel Rolfe was In keeping with the duties assigned to teachers by revelation, it is

made president of the Priests'quorum, with highly appropriate, where making a formal visit, to ask each member of the

Stephen Markham and Hezekiah Peck as family questions containing the following import his counselors; Elisha Everett, president of

the Teachers'quorum, with James Hend- 1. Are you in harmony

ricks and James W. Huntsman as counselors; a. With your neighbors and associates?

and Phineas R. Bird, president of the Dea- b. With ward, stake, and General Authorities of the Church?

cons'quorum, with David Wood and Wil- 2. Are you attending to your Church duties

liam W. Lane for counselors. a. As a member

On the sixth of April following, at the layAttending meeting, fasting once each month and paying fast offering, tithing, in functions? paying and participating ward socialing of the corner stones the of Nauvoo

an officer AsTemple, northeast the stone laid by b. was

etc.? Setting attending proper example, council meetings, Priesthood,the Aaronic the benedicand

tion thereon pronounced by Bishop Newel 3. Are you attending to secret and family prayers?

K. Whitney.

The city of Nauvoo was growing so rapidly, that it became necessary to again subIjJahtL JsMudk&Ml 7yiMAujsLt amwAi, 1%3 divide it into wards, and increase the numof itsber bishops. Accordingly, on the CHOOSE YOU THIS DAY

twentieth of August, 1842, of by resolution the Council, the into divided High city was in that the suggest to which seems Year is something we '"Phere Newten the in wards, following and brethren, sin for of of again the joy the fetters reach and cast off a and erroraddition to those in office, already were called and ordained to the Bishopric: Samrighteous heart.

touel H. Smith, succeed Bishop Vinson

Knight, deceased; Tarleton Lewis, Bishop The New Year is reassuring—it is new and clean. We hesitate to

of the Fourth Ward; John Murdock, Fifth smear its unstained pages with acts unbecoming to its suggested purity.

Ward; Daniel Cams, Sixth Ward; Jacob If only this righteous restraint could impose itself upon our conduct throughFoutz, Eighth Ward; Jonathan H. Hale, out the entire year, and extend its purifying influence into the whole of life,

Ninth Ward; Hezekiah Peck, Tenth Ward. what a joy life would be, individually and collectively.

Outside the city, three other wards were created, and David Evans, Israel Calkins and We make resolutions looking to reformation. These are good, but

William W. Spencer made Bishops over impotent, unless supported by the sustaining influence of an unqualified

the same. determination to live more closely by the word of God.

After the of the martyrdom Prophet and "... Choose you this day whom ye will serve;..."challenged Patriarch, at of the Conference the Church

in October, 1844, the following action afthe ancient prophet Joshua. (Joshua 24:15) There can be no spirit of

fecting the Bishopric was taken: "Elder compromise or indecision in the wouldbe Christian heart. We serve either

H. C. Kimball moved that N. K. Whitney 'God or mammon.'Every thought, word, and act bears infallible witness

stand as our first Bishop in the Church of of our choice. "No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Carried the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the

unanimously. and seconded Moved that other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon."(Luke 16:13) Miller stand as second bishop. CarGeorge

ried unanimously."The same year Bishops Perhaps, not during the one hundred twelve years of the existence

acting and Miller were Whitney made last has there in these the earth been days a greater upon of the Church for the Trusteein-Trust acted Church, and ". live to Saints unreservedly Latterday for the every necessity.. by until latter the in that capacity, apostahe

tized, three or four years later, and the word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God."(Matt. 4:4) We are

former until his death, in the year 1 850. Antruly on parade. The eyes of the world are upon us. "Let your light so

other change in the Bishopric, made soon shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your after the Prophet's death, was the appointFather which is in heaven."(Matt. 5:16)

ment of Edward Hunter as bishop of the

Fifth Ward of Nauvoo, an office he conThroughout the new year, and life, let us resolve, with Joshua, that tinued to hold until the exodus of the Saints "... as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord."

from Illinois in 1846.

(To be continued) ilHusjc -v2--m Anthem Book The recording choir was organized a ago, year has and painstakworked a NEW PROJECTS promise to the made According ingly patiently and to recmake these "** FOR genpage, the this on month ago ords. choir The not members were

Church, of the committeeeral music chairman, is now Y. Cannon,Tracy anCHURCH MUSICIANS selectedsical training.on a basisTheirof anytrainingspecialcorresmu-

projects. interesting musicnouncing two ponds approximately to that possessed Schreiner By Alexander of is collection first these of a newThe singers by wards. in most were They Organist and Tabernacle entitled choirs, for anthemseasy ward willing volunteers, just as choir memCommittee Music Church Member is an the second and Anthems;Chapel bers everywhere are to be. expected

illustrated course of lessons for choir diusual a confronting problems The a organists, recorded uponrectors and choir director also present here. were disks. Theseset phonograph of seven

instance, the conditions, For due to war Organ prelude: supplementary are to Chapelrecordings

of choir was membership Luther turnover Fortress"Mighty "A collecentire anthemAnthems. The Also, vexing. difficulty the usual of music: Sacramental the recorded to illustratetion is used

tonal agbalance securing good was Beethoven "Prayer"lessons.

"Behold, the Great Redeemer"gravated in this instance, because of

There are eight choral numbers in CarelessSchreiner requirements of the microphone. FinChapel Anthems. These numbers have Choir numbers: ally, the mechanical problems of rebeen selected and arranged especially "Great God, To Thee"Kimball cording at times seemed insurmountfor ward choirs. They are neither "Lovely Appear,"from Redemption.... able, but they were patiently solved by

Gounod technician. Stanley Rees, expert sound all difficult. melare They nornew Tune) (Moravian Hymn "Hosanna"recorded were Some numbers many proved in character, and haveodious F. Wheelwright Arr. Lovin by extimes. offered are as not They successful usetheir a by worth by Franck Holy"Most Lord "O of perfection, as but amples a demonchoirs small over a periodlarge and Address: of An a stration of of with a procedure assured. is work years. value Theirmany and Worship""Music

choir. volunteer

numbers: Choir will, sung eight when numbers These playable any are records on These God""Praise Our Ye the Lord balcomplete, entirety, ain form their intended are phonograph. They SaintSaens home real program. devotional Theanced, and in private to Crusader's by directors be studied Hymn""The to leaders be should of choirobjective Cornwall Arr. they by this study, private organists. J. S. After

presto anthems, eight andlearn these Shrouded"Earth "The the Was profit, also heard be by with may, during program asent a complete them MozartStephens is It that choir. hoped of the members

service. address Bavnby Into one Forthsome Sunday An "Break. Joy"inspirational helpful will and they be

is availWorship"entitled and "Music postlude: Organ the throughout workers to music

able upon request from the general "A Mighty Fortress"Luther Church. The general music committee

This can be read committee.music or suggestions will welcome comments,

speakeror as an outline by a used concerning in Recorded Lessons appreciations from anyone

It is sugprogram. of the middlethe

approxiaddress that be thegested The set of phonograph records conthese recorded lessons.

mately fifteen minutes in length, so that sists of seven disks, six of which conThe new anthem book ($4.20 per

the entire choir program, together with tain recorded lessons in choir technique dozen, postpaid) and the recordings the address and preceding sacramenon the numbers in Chapel Anthems. ($10.00 per set, postpaid) will be

tal service will be about one and a half These lessons were prepared and reready for distribution in January 1943.

hours in length. The organ voluntaries corded by }. Spencer Cornwall, with a All orders, accompanied by remittance,

for service should be the ones discussed special recording choir of thirty voices should be sent to General Music Comin the lessons for organists. After a and reed organ accompaniment. The mittee, 200 North Main Street, Salt

presentation of this choral service, the seventh disk is devoted to lessons for Lake City, Utah. The recordings are

numbers may constitute the major part organists on sacramental music, preto be ordered and paid for by the stake, of the choir repertoire for the church ludes and postludes as played on a reed and loaned to the ward musicians. A

services during the year. The sugorgan. These organ lessons were preset of records will be available for each

gested order of the program is as folpared and recorded by Alexander stake. However, additional sets may

lows: Schreiner. be had by anyone upon order.

The recording choir representative of typical ward singing groups which was used to prepare one of the important new projects for Church musicians now being inaugurated.

Ulutuailllessaqesoo

nearly every family in the land has a dear one in the armed=& txecutives \\Then it (EtjrtHtmaa (Smttnga it forces, many of them facing immediate danger, it is not with

What the Reports Show the ordinary cheeriness that we can wish our friends and M. I. A.

toTn these days when direct contact with workers the usual Christmas greetings. We do, however, desire

1 wards and stakes is so limited, writexpress our love for the great body of men and women who are unselten reports are doubly important, for fishly giving time and thought to this great work of saving souls in only in this way can the efficacy of a the hereafter and making life more beautiful in the present. The

planned program be measured. When world needs you and your kind. Just what you do and stand for will

a ward or stake does not send the figsave civilization. The Righteous One, whose birth we celebrate,

ures for their enrollment and activities, loves the work of light, knowledge, sweet fellowship, and devotion to the picture of the entire Church M.I.A. upright conduct which it is your high privilege to exemplify and cultiis distorted.

The interest of a Churchwide report vate among the young people of the Church.

is shown in the following highlights from the Y.W.M.I.A. annual report for

194142. This report included all but

five of the 144 stakes and fifteen of the j&f*-vn*'0*\/ missions.

HIGHLIGHTS FROM THE Y.W.M.I.A.

ANNUAL REPORT FOR 19411942 Membership Stake Missions Total

Stake boards 1,804 1,804 Ward boards 13,454 1,116 14,570

Special Interest 13,773 1,466 15,239

Gleaners 12,908 1,292 14,200 A Very Grammatical Family 114 preserved, and in the report pads two

Juniors 10,714 448 11,162 Miscellaneous 1,812 copies for each month will be found in

BeeHive Girls 19,308 584 19,892 19,627 persons participated in plays. order that this may be done.

Soldiers 76,867 StoryStory—9,363and Speechpublic presentations Keep Liquor from

194142 presentations of Reading public Course BooksNumber Speech—27,516 generally acexecutives are The in Libraries Stake and Ward efbelieve, quainted, the with Dance we

Lincoln, 190 of Man God fort for the of the general committee periods instruction and (ward 7,188 dance 163 Latterday Prophet The basis) stake liquor to secure of nonuse tobacco and Is 197 This Freedom basis; stake on Green and Gold sale the the to of passage outlaw S-860 Balls—118 266 Stories Pioneer

basis branch 188 and on ward All in liquor camps. of near and army 139 Blue Willow The (other dances dances; 5,649 stake ward 383 in officers earnestly the All 118 Antonias should M.I.A. be Days Were

Balls) Green than and Gold 165 Yearling is bill posThe of favor a such what and do

Healthful Living 175 Festivals sible to secure its passage. Petitions

110 This Glory For My 31 the project of passed as a Music have been.... 73 Bible Gold Cumorah's 25 Dance Interest in Special groups some stakes. 145 Colonizer the Young, Brigham 33 Drama—- officer if helpful be every It would

stakes reported and wards 800 Note: days Many Honor Ward letters his senators write to and should

in set the that complete available a was 20 days Stake Honor inin representatives Congress and library. of these public count was made No others Departments to advocatStake Basis Ward Basis the same, duce do reports.

Special ing the passage of such legislation. The

Assemblies Interest 102 parties 1404 parties need for it will be especially great with 24,043 outlined assemblies conducted. 138,- M Menthe drafting of the eighteen and nineteen

664 participants. Gleaner 81 banquets 180 banquets year old boys. Evil influences at WashJuniors- ington are at work to prevent such legChoruses Explorers 17 parties 1281 parties

islation. Ladies—446; Mixed—220. ParJunior Male—148;

ticipants—8,784; Operas—15. Festivals 43 123

The Cultural Arts BeeHive Swarm Days 54 256 Plays Three Acts Drama performances The 194243 annual report for the

It Shall Keep Thee 43 M.I.A., which will become due on SepTn December there should be an eve31 The Barratts the for ning the entertainof will both include 15, drama 1943, 7 tember Keys to Baldpate... Seven

It that of the because is suggested ment ward. 1943 of 1942 and summers Miscellaneous 38

One Act thefirst officialtime onM.I.A.Septemberyear 1st,beginsratherforthanthe threeAn alternativeoneact playsmightmaywellbebepresented.a threein the Poconos 246 Glamor is sec1st. play. act Unless there that stake a special This means June

the Into Sun Road for for fifteen it, these reason 48 retaries chosen the reports should be save must 125 Ambition is unin 194243. the secretary from a case months ward Book of Plays—208 Green Mr. Courage

Christmas Destiny 144 able for some reason to complete the In some places it may be desirable

A Party Dress for Patty 179 ward annual report. Both ward and to get the ward to turn out to see plays

Grandma Pulls the String 415 stake monthly reports should be thus that have already been presented in

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

the assemblies. Many of the ward Music program. Camping expeditions and

members may not have seen them, and service offer an opportunity for almost in any case, a good play may be seen HThe best antidote for sadness is any phase of activity interesting to twice with pleasure. A music, especially one's own singing. youth of this age. The regular merit

The booklet, Theatre Arts, by Dr. The Latterday Saints have had the rebadge work is largely done. Meetings

T. Earl Pardoe, is finding a ready putation of singing "gripping"hymns are conducted to a great extent through

market since its publication at the bethat stir the hearts of listeners and parliamentary procedure and every inginning of the season. This useful sometimes convert them. dividual is accorded an opportunity to

little handbook should be in the hands There are still enough men to form participate to the fullest extent in all of everyone who directs a play, acts in choruses and small singing groups, but discussions and activities.

a play, helps with props, scenery, or most of the singing of Zion will have to The Senior committee will serve Sea lighting of a play, or sees a play. Betbe done by the women, old and young. Scout units organized according to the

ter drama will result in any ward where It is noticeable that the music program policy already defined by the general several copies are purchased and read. as given in the back part of the manual board. There have been successful

for executives and community activity Sea Scout ships operating for many

Dance committees contains three times as years by L.D.S. sponsorship, and

girls'for chorus voices numbers many special of received hundreds have boys is'"P'he for holiday appropriate season for men's. as training which Scouting through Sea * is parties. the only dancing Not Sing, value. great they of young found have women, and young men activiright delightful for suchmood ento drive sadness to Sing away. will genisties, also This give committee school there time and but from

this others courage not use do who suggestions helpful direction eral for and them. and managers Dancework

art. for beautiful Sing of love songs to the the will helping helpinstructors any program which busy be may the ones. absent to strengthen Sing dear

critical this his at prepare period of committees youngExplorerJunior man the great courage of people a engaged life, Air for in thetheir hosts as such act as they dance, program which new in struggle. clear mighty Sing to our a Scouting. opScouts the Airfor the the members, evening have on ward for just hearts inspired the peace and learn essentials aviation portunity to will 22nd.of Tuesday, They December for strive. which we flying. actually without supervise eve Year'salso the New

31st.party, Thursday, December

will prepare young people The the Special Visiting Committee portantThen newthereworkis thethatthirdthe andSeniorveryScoutimprogram for the ExplorerJunior dance, Tn the Leader for October considercommittee will do. It is to encourage

but the dance committee will be responable space was devoted to the apboys who have become fifteen years of sible for that of New Year's eve. Let pointment of a special committee to age in wards where there is no unit of

it be one that will leave a sweet taste visit members of the Church from other organized Senior Scouts to continue for the old year, 1942, with all who places. This could well be called the with their troop with the rating of

attend. hospitality committee, as its objective Senior Scout, taking more merit badges

Speech is to make all comers into the ward and supporting the troop, especially its welcome to our recreation and Church younger members, by their experience

P\irectors of speech have during the functions. and greater knowledge of Scouting. The

year the responsibility of preparYoung people frequently move to new policy will make such a boy feel ing one lesson for presentation before larger centers to obtain employment in himself as much a part of the Senior each department. On December 8, they war industries or other work and fail group as if he were an Explorer, a Sea

go into the Junior class and in coto transfer their recommends thinking Scout, or member of an Air Squadron.

operation with the leader of that body that their stay may not be long. A

girls for words thegive a new feeling friendly bring into them visit may Reminder of the appreciationand a new association rehelp art of Church and them thought.communicating their standards member and covenants

else forgets it, speech f*"**1ALLthattothetheExplorerattentiontroopof thecommittee,bishop at a time influIf everybody when many opposing director, you remember it and bring ences may be attacking them. and the Explorer leader are anxious to

it before the officers of the organizaIn every ward, therefore, where there do their full part in the Boy Leadertion. It is inconceivable that a class are new members coming in to obtain ship committee meeting each month,

leader would object to your help, but it work, the special committee consistand desire the opportunity afterward to is not difficult to think that he or she ing of the presidents of the two orhold a troop committee meeting while might forget. ganizations together with such others the members of the bishopric are holdThere is an abundance of suggestions as they may choose should be at work, ing a session with the leaders of the

as to material and methods in the with the consent of the bishop, in lookAaronic Priesthood.

manual for executives and community ing for those who need their interestactivity committees and in Thy Speech ing invitation. Emigration Stake Y. W. M. I. A.

thing importantBewrayeth Thee. The Leases Site for New Clubhouse

is that preparation be made with the Senior Scout Committee leader of the department and with such A lease under which the Young students as you may wish to use in '"The general board of the Y.M.M.I.A. Women's Mutual Improvement

panels or other methods long before has approved a change of the name, Association of Emigration Stake was the evening of the class. Explorer committee to Senior Scout granted approximately one acre of

There is no time like long winter committee. This committee in the fuground in Lindsay Gardens on Salt

evenings for story telling. This, one of ture will consider the welfare of all Lake City's northeast bench, was

the very earliest of the arts and the Latterday Saint young men fifteen to granted October 28, by the city commother of many of them, should be seventeen years of age inclusive. Namission.

used to develop our talents, improve turally it will promote the Explorer The lease requires the construction our vocal expression, convey informaprogram as in the past, knowing that of the clubhouse within two years tion, stir the emotions, pass time dethis is more adaptable to the greatest after the termination of the war, with lightfully, inspire admiration for the number of our L.D.S. Scouts and their the structure not to cost less than fifteen

great characters of the past, and proleaders, but it will also look after the hundred dollars. The twentyfive-year

mote faith in the hearts of those who boys if they choose some other form of lease calls for an annual rental of one love to listen to the strange handdealScouting. dollar.

ings of God with His children. The Explorers have primarily a land (Continued on page 818)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

{Continued from page 817) Greetings, Golden Gleaners and MountMount Graham—'VercyOgden—Eliza Beus,V. WilkinsPhyllis R. Dickerson.

"All GoingTo-Be's"sell,Ruth FernI. Gale,M. ArleanSaunders,King,MaryJanetE. Paul,Stephens,Sara MargaretM. RusHill, Betty Madson, Arthella Tanner, Nebo—Lois told they his high students school Thelma VestSpe cial Interesf JLTave you heard of the teacher who VanYoung.deBessieGraaf,RogersJune Ellen Wayment, Lucille B.

to "learn in the bedark'1 'whistle must Omlay North Davis—Elon

Marshall Ceola Idaho Falls—

Allred, Beulah-*—cp cause blackouts, depressions, heartNorthNorth Sanpete—Recruiting New Members aches, were coming to humanity in a North Wefcer—Caroline J. Hobson,RuthMarjorieE. OsborneWimSchanck mer short in the time? very student One Lois R. Betty Florence Baker, D. Ogden—can to be "Thatever done right now the of asking back Carver, room, permission Afton Mildred Budge, Brown, to Belnap, Barker,Wanda * v interest this in Kathleen group members new Graham, Eleanor Elna Deamer, C. Cragun, speak, said: to whistle need may "We Dolores Ruth Jensen, Hunter, Greenwood, Ruth M. should be done. the Urge manual in the dark, learn but Elizabeth Eileen the Manning, Johns, Johns, Arlene tune must we

all counselors, class to Randall, and Dorothea Moore. Manning, Beth Ruth M. members it's light."while Saunders, Rhees, Richards, Edith Dorothy Anna A. recruits. for search the gasoline With Lila Stallings, So, Gleaners, obtain the a of copy tire rationing shortage, Riggs and are goPanguitch—Myrtle we Gleaner requirements Golden apand Hopkins Parowan—Anne ing find to to better enterneed of ways Elaine Jones Ethelyn K. Johnson, Phoenix—plication furnare blank (they now

Louise Ella taining Adair, Agnes Andrew, ourselves nearer home. Pioneer—by W. And ished free of the general by board Nettie Luceil Ethel Graham, Burt, Davenport, W. carefully find organizing, can much we Snider Miller, Rich, G. Mildred T. Meriam charge, either be obtained and may

Nelson, Lola D. In Wilker fun nearby. Pocatello—Ruth the early of more days through stake supervisor your or by Martin C. Diana Portland—in the the lay the Church, neighborjoy \Varnick Johnson, Erma Provo—Leona leader writing your diGleaner ward

Elison Rachel liness felt River—for other. the which each Raft To-

; rect ) to office the general board study Dalling, Hamilton, Ardelle Vola Gwen Rexburg—refor the have opportunityday we Hendricks, F. LuHamilton, Blanche Meyers, Mary carefully, to them then yourselves dare

Marvilla Petersen, Steiner Milda Schwendiman, Seba this spirit.newing same required, the honestly and do work Ellen Moss, Wheelwright Rigby—Edwina last thing nice did a year One ward Arvilla Ritchie W. If Roosevelt—well. for have Gleaner a been you

Haag, Afton Phoebe H. Graham, Jean its It in Interest Special group. organSacramento—a season will two, than or be more S. Valois Nelson, Ida Hill, Jones, Lorene G. Rae C, for arts ized speech the older among Eileen S. Edith Openshaw, Smith Mason, surprising to reof the you howit many

Lenore St. Bushman Joseph—this age. the of Using thememembers filled. will quirements already you have Bishop, Kunz, Esther Dorothy Salt Merna V. Lake—oractivity, their for basis as the they It will lot Olsen, fun, in Bernice Lind, Shea, too, D. of Grace Rene a obtaining Lyman, be

Geraldine program:ganized monthly a definite signatures acquaintances renewing and

San Diego—LeanorSwensen Brown, Pauline Louise Jones. teachers friends and speaker) with (guest Lecture 1st Tuesday: Knudson whom you Joan

Beitler, Claire Clinger, P. San material calling contact while writing Fernando—Agnes Lesson and inwill Tuesday: 2nd and

Reece, Eddinton, Margaret Myrtle Tolman, struction letters. If of you are one our welArmaDorothy Van

participa3rd Class members'Tuesday: this year, Loverill resolve Lambert, Gleaners come C. San Wilnew Francisco—Medal

tion liams goal toward the ultimate now to work

San Juan—Rosamond Hurst, Maxine Frost, Pearl 4th Tuesday: Projects and social in Gleanerhood. of Golden Keep ever F. Lewis

This plan was given to the class memmind that it is individual growth by efSharon—Alta Buckner, Julia Davis, Verna Harding,

bers to carry in their pockets or their fort that counts rather than the name LornaLucile Nuttall,Mecham, YvonneMarionPerry,Mecham,Ettie MargaretRodeback, Nicol,Reva purses as a constant reminder of the or the honor of wearing the Golden Shumway calendar. The work was effective, and Gleaner pin. If you must some day ing,ShetleyLelaNina F. RobinsonCox, Beryle L. Felt, Florence Hackthe group grew steadily from the open- "whistle in the dark,"learn one sweet Smithfield—Myrtle Cooper, Ludella J. Nilson, Ila

ing night until the close of Mutual. tune while it's light by becoming GolRichardson

Gleaners. SouthSnowflake—NeliDavis—HelenRogersBriggs, Jean Smith Special Interest means just that—and den

wise leaders will capitalize on it. Following is a list of Golden Gleannell,SouthLouiseLos G.Angeles—Robinson,LaVerlPearl Bennett,YoukstetterCleone Gtiners as of December, 1942. If your name South Sanpete—Helen Braithwaite, Ruth Carpenter,

Clista Jensen, Larsen, Pearl Jorgensen, Beula is there, not we're hoping soon to add C.Clara Voorhees

it list. to the Srar Hoopes, Canning, Wilma Melba Valley—Aleen

Hokansen Mildred Greenwood R. Dunyon, M. Young Wanda H.Summit—Eileen Shirla Howell, V. V. Payne Emma Lake—

Geraldine Lillian Tooele—Brown, Joyce Hymas,llffllenJJeane Alpine—BearBear Heppler Rhea River—

Marjorie Orme Andrus, Andrus, Lee, Maxine Big Cottonwood—Lucy

Claire—Ot)Note to Gleaner Leaders Big Horn—Bolton, DelilahVirginiaBrown,Lee KnowltonMinnie Emmett Jackson,Uintah—AftonDorothy Nielson,G. Calder,RuthMabelW. Robertson,Goodrich, NormaIreene

Wirthlin Parker, Todd, Ruth Edna McConkie M. L. Van Bonneville—Judith ofopportunities greatest the of/"\ne Cott Madsen, Zelda Loree Nola Snell, Roper, Utah—

Felt Hayes Box EWer—Lillian Argene Margaret Vance, is Woods the leaders as fered Gleaner you

Grange, B. Evelyn Carbon—Merline Snow Rasband Wasatch—Victoria well plan. you Are GleanerGolden Martindale Jean C. Cassia—Udall, Ruth Marianne Wiscomb Washington—Greer Gweneth it? suggest youacquainted with Ballinger, We Gladys Bettie Bingham, Helen Weber—Sampson Roe Ann Denver—Deseret—Virginia Mitchell, Ruth Read intoinvite Girl"Gleaner a "Golden Jordan—Laura

Dalton, Virginia Pauline Cassutt, Blair,Wells—Alene Larson, Helena Eula Waldram S.W.Wardle EastEmigration—class give moments a her fewyour and Rosalind Gardner, Johnson, Pyper, Ruth Ryser, Norma Likes

tell happiness pride her of Tingeyto Fay and own Nellie Allen, S. Louise Musser, Helen H. Ensign—

Butterfield West M. Young in Jordan—Verda she noted has the developmentand

Humpherys Hill Yellowstone—Coleen Garfield—Blanche being through personality aher own Lindsay, Riches Enid Grant—LaRue L. Bates, California Ruth UrsenMission—Ellen

L. Cross, Davis, Winifred Granite—Virginia pin, If have bach Gleaner. she has aGolden

Lundgren. Ruth Rose Moulton, J. Maurine Home, Dean Bolick, Southern Nellie States Cynthia Mission—it that girls, explaining to theher show West Nelson

Fifeit living. is insignia of of Gridley—Gwendolyn her code an

Luella Andersen, Marie Bowers Audrey Highland—

it the will to well Minette Carlson, read R. Perhaps be Dunne NaDean Hyrum—Patriotic Banquet Egbert, Scott, Idaho Beth Marie Staples, Ruth Falls—class. thisnotes in following paragraph Gladys Williams O, in Service Honors Men

girls to to inspire Arnold, the help Bradeson, Barbara Inglewood—Lois Ruth makeIt may

a special effort to grow and achieve Fuller,Kolob—LaVeraOlive M. CurtisRobinson '* A merica"was the theme of a midservice. in Christensen, are Ruthwhile Peterson, C. Karlyn away Lehi—Alta Men October banquet 7 Gleaner-M-Men the M

Pauline Worlton sight the Russon, lose that the fact ofAnd never the of Uintah Stake. Glines Ward, The Cotterell, Virginia Mildred Elggren, P. Liberty—

Helen Short Blanche to yourselves convert the Golden decorated, Patriotic formed a "V."—soenthusiasm of the leader is contagious Dorothy Mowrey, Leona L. Peterson, Evelyn T. Reed, two tables, which were appropriately Burnett, Evelyn Evans, Margaret Long Mary Beach—

letGleaner Strong, Sant, Elsie your Sturkie, program fire Evyon and Betha filled Marown Mae toasts the music and program.

inette Meibos thepenetrate hearts your of minds and the proceeds from The banquet were Lost Waite Reva River—

girls, truly for enthusiasm your Allen, P. Brinton, Rula Rueda own subscriptions for used to send Maricopa—Lois ImThe

Miller, L. Morris, Hicks, Dorothy Sue Mary Openis spirit the the Gleanersfor M.I.A. and sixteen to each of the provement Era shaw, Phelps, Bernardine Staples Madeline

of God within you. Moapa—Afton T. Werner boys from Glines Ward in the service.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

Gleaner Girl Junior girl determine to radiate courlife will be received with wonderful in Hollywood age, strength, cheerfulness and faith in gratitude by these eager lads.

of the results God. Every month they as them Remember, if you miss "Racing the camera in the largest group closer world conditions are coming bring out of Primary and to come do not

photograph in the "Interesting Peous. Each one of us are being touched them immediately into your troop, you

ple"section of the September American by circumstances brought about by our may never get them at all.

Magazine, is Jean Willes of Hollynation's being at war. Let each girl Does your bishopric hold each month

wood's famous Studio Club, and memestablish within herself a faith and the Boy Leadership committee meetber of the U.S.O. Desert Battalion. creed that will help her and her assoing, and do all the members of the

But more than that, Jean is the daughciates meet whatever comes. Scout troop committee, the scoutmaster

ter of the of of the one members Queen assistant the scoutmaster attend? and will girls will the faith This be Junior

Seattle bishopric, Stake,Anne Ward, is privilege. duty your and gain living studying our This from Show and

in Seattle activeand Gleaner Stake was that anxious the bishop Scouting is as theme. M.I.A.

affairs test before screen her to took a spirituality the of the and about boys

Hollywood. Manual Lessons their growth in character as any other

educational force in the life of youth.

The M Men Leader HPhe manual lessons for these two After the session with the bishopric, the subjects to are dear months fine is the there opportunity to hold of of holders the are MenAany M girls. hearts of 15 we December On meeting. troop committee in the the Priesthood, Aaronic

5, "Marriage,"have January "Frompresent proportion being the emergency to Marriage,"Friendship and January it before. higher than ever been has prayerful in 19, "Dates."Together

is therefore exleaderThe Men M will frankness understanding and we at leaderpresent to thepected be boy all intimate, perplexing, consider those iBeHivetiilsship held meeting committee each month little "Fellowour concerning problems bishopric of the ward. the Eachby ship Fellows."with

inhisleader to should bishop and go Attention BeeKeepers quire as to when the meeting is to be with well are equipped you T Tow GetTogethers offer present to beheld not only and A the necessary BeeHive the to help bishop outbut in any way for plans that delightunderway Are for your department work? Wematerialshavedesires. * ful for time schedule December Eventually, limited 22? a hand. supply on

Then it will be the JuniorExplorers'due to the present emergency we shall privilege to sponsor a delightful dancbe obliged to discontinue some of these ing party for the whole ward. Consupplies. In such a case you will be nosult and plan for it with the ward dance tified. fi$p3ftl manager. Have many committees Delays in filling your orders are unfunctioning smoothly under his direcavoidable as we are already restricted—c- tion. by not being PartyExplorerJunior Another JuniorExplorer gettogeth- materials. Weableaskto obtainyour cooperationsome of the

ThXPLORER leaders, Senior first, Senior er full of possibilities for fun and by getting your orders in early that * second, and the social committee achievement is the play to be presented we may better serve you.

of every Explorer troop in the Church January 12. Call the ward drama dishould remember the fine part of their rector in to help you do it. Let each Public Service

yearly program set for December 22. Junior and Explorer have a part in the HPhis year when we think of the field

In association with the Junior girls you cast or the staging of it and make all of public service we are reminded are to give a party and act as hosts to feel their responsibility in making "Let's of the boys away from home. The

the ward. Get the Junior girls to show Make Up"an artistic presentation. following suggestions may be helpful:

you the suggested aids found, page 156, Letters can be made more interesting in their Today and Tomorrow manual. by the use of pen sketches or cut outs

With their older brothers away, the pasted on letter sheets. Scrap books

Explorers should begin to shoulder the that include clippings of local newsresponsibilities of the social life of the ftoufs will be of interest to them. Send

ward. basketball news of the local wards and

stakes; school also high and university The—cPrimary's Contribution sports news. of marriages Items and

to Scouting social activities of their friends and

the the of end November About is be forgotten the enlistment Not to duniors * companions are especially interesting. will find to join their ready Scouts promotions, as news, assignments and

troops an imposing number of gradupublished in the daily papers.

ates the Primary. from wonderThat LessonTheme bits jokes of poetry, of A collection ful releases year organization each

letters copies and of mutual from little pie, Horner's DecemikeT Jack six four about thousand hundredLj friends interest other items and any of infilled are with ber and January bethe are Guides. These boys who that find will can help you to make girls forviting the Junior sugar plums to old twelve ready years come when scrap your interesting. book more activities.in the of form their to ordained deacons and pass be

family, of Snapshots friends relaand tests. interesting If will First that gradutenderfoot theme Scout the come

tives will greatly to the book. add there ates Afraid,"lesson, with quarter a equal new each were "Be Not

theme, a new treatment and a new would be one thousand six hundred The recipes that follow were chosen presentation. In fact it is two lessons new young fellows ready to be invited for their adaptability to soldiers'

in one, for the ward speech director will cordially into Scouting. Christmas boxes:

discussion in the leader the guestbe It is obligation Scoutmaster's the to COCONUT WASHBOARD COOKIES lesson being besides a challengingand to or send the comPrimary go some shortening 1 cup it will 1:9, a on be modelbased Joshua person to help the underpetent boys 2 sugar cups brownin speech. of Scouting stand requirements and the 2 eggs

The theme should be made a living, invite them into the troop. A little 1 teaspoon soda

vital part of each girl's life. Let every friendliness at this time in the boy's (Concluded on page 820)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

(Concluded from page 819) Y% tsp. salt Christmas Suggestions

34 cup hot water Mix and cook to a very soft ball, remove ofin general the board coconut 1 cup Available Stir heat marshmallows. add from and

vanilla tsp. 2 three tsp. fice, until are melted. Building Bishop's ex- *"* peppermint 33 Add

flour cups432 tract. nutsY6 3 cups and spread on wax Add suggestions. sets Christmas of The

tsp. salt J2 cool. paper. Break and up is five cents. Set set price One of each \ tsp. baking soda x/i

Cream the shortening add the sugar and PEANUT BRITTLE contains some Christmas poems and a eggs. Beat well after each addition. Mix 1 cup sugar oneact play for girls adapted from

the soda in the hot water and add to the )A cup light corn syrup "Why the Chimes Rang."Set Two

salt, flour, Siftbatter. the coconut. Add five for pattern contains kinds water cup a making Y2

together. into Fold bakingand powder 1 tsp. soda three cards, inexpensive of Christmas batter.the inspoon from Drop and 1 peanuts cup pat- (blanched salted nuts may patterns for cups, paper nut one 2 inchesto cookies long about and be used) form% mc

of of tongs with a a small toywide. bake which can be made fork and Mark 1 tbsp. butter tern

. cookies at minutes8 to 10 (These 400 s for from one cardboard small children, tsp. vanilla 32

will to perfect to big bebrother mail be pattern bags, pattern one for bean and the sugar, to the syrup and water Cook are better theycause they as age and they or for angels paper mantel for making ball stage, soft the continue peanuts and add in packing.) crumble notdo table decorations. contains Set Three Stirring until cooking. constantly the syrup

MINTED NUTS is light brown and gives a hard crack test. five patterns for making stuffed animals

1 cup sugar Remove from heat and add vanilla, butter and patterns for a child's tablecloth and

Y2 cup water and then soda. Stir quickly and pour out napkins. Complete instructions also

1 tbsp. light corn syrup on a greased cookie sheet. accompany each set.

UNITED ORDERS

(Continued from page 789) then they were to draw out of this eration on any comprehensive scale, ing to each member a means of malttreasury for their needs. Church history is silent about it.

ing a living and by the setting up This revelation was given April Heber C. Kimball is authority for

of storehouses stocked from the sur23, 1834, while the Saints in Kirtthe observation that the Lord withplus fund, to take care of those who land and in Missouri were making drew it "for our good"because the for any reason except idleness were strenuous efforts to recover the lands Saints could not live it and would be unable to take care of themselves. If in Jackson County, from which the damned by it if the commandment

this system were used today it would, Mormons had been expelled by stood. And under this setup, also,

if faithfully followed, eliminate from mobs. there was neither communistic regisociety the extremes of rich and poor These stewards still were not to mentation of labor nor socialistic

and yet preserve to all men their be regimented. There were no overpublic ownership of land or public

freedom of initiative. seers or supervisors in the producutilities.

Section one hundred and four of tion end, and even in the matter of This period was the darkest the the Doctrine and Covenants outlines distribution the treasurer was to honChurch had experienced up to that a broader form of stewardship than or the drafts of a member so long time. The Saints in Missouri had

seems ever to have been put into opas "the Council"held him in good been exiled from their homes and eration in the Church. If there was standing. Officers were to be electother property by mob violence,

any serious attempt to live it, Church ed and all regulatory measures were while dissension and apostacy were historians have been conspicuously to be approved by "the common conrampant in Kirtland. And the taksilent about it. sent"of the members. ing away in Zion's Camp of two

Possibly the Prophet or the Lord Notwithstanding its wide variance hundred five of the most faithful men was not satisfied with the surpluses from the previous plans this system, from the Ohio division of the Church that were coming in from both intoo, was called "United Order,"further weakened the stability there.

heritances and stewardships, so and the revelation separates the OrSuch unstable conditions among something in the nature of a reversal der of Kirtland from the Order of the people would render operation of these plans was proclaimed. The Zion so that one might not suffer of their idealistic economic systems

stewards of both classes were called from the mistreatments dealt the othweak, sporadic, changeable, and unupon to turn all their proceeds er. certain if they were attempted at all.

(avails) into a common treasury; If this plan was ever put into op- (To be continued)

DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION

(Continued from page 795) and by its doubts and cynicism, at a emphasis upon character development

Christian teaching guarantees them time when it should be clearcut and as the goal of all educational endeavor.

equality, justice, and the protection of confident. Under strain and stress, our During the past decade, there has been

democratic institutions. Without the program has developed weakness where a noticeable trend in the public schools

instruction, discipline, selfsacrifice, it should have been strong. The sure away from secularized education based

and patriotism characteristic of the gosresult is general lack of conviction and on a materialistic philosophy, a mechanpel of Christ, their position is as insefaith in tried conduct. istic science, and a behavioristic psyto observe a return is insecure. Chrisascure democracy We can

spiritual values upon govEmphasis on Character chology.a greater emphasistianity the democratic form of and

ernment must go hand in hand forward Educational statesmanship has not as the foundation for character develor backward. Our educational probeen blind or impotent in the face of opment. The Tenth Yearbook of the

gram has tended to disintegrate both these inadequacies in our school proDepartment of Superintendents of the by its indefiniteness and uncertainty grams. The result has been a heavy National Educational Association re820

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION cords these trends, and the social scithe religious values inherent in the Responsibility of Freedom ences definitely reflect the change. The study of literature, science and history. Such a program in the public schools

increased concern for the development Specific references to Deity in history could be effected by an intense cooperaof the person instead of the acquiring and literature can be sympathetically tive effort upon the part of home, of facts is an encouraging sign in puband reverently treated. In the social church, school, and community, seeking

lic education. studies consideration may be given to to meet the total needs of children.

social principles Christianity of the for the enter into Adults program, must of should people be aware Church political theories. along with modern children give to expect can how we definitelythese trends encourage and scripperiods prayer and with Worship until in the a higher of values sense fine effortsthe of to schools the make selected portions ture of readings from society adult discovered our have we lives in the pupilseffective of high classic religious of the great the Ameriliving. the build of Churches ends mustspiritual objectives. public schools The Bible, people, the be wholly can would religious general the foundation upon spiritual greatly extendcan and moral hire Administrators appropriate. may their schools the of of program own guiltytraining sectarof without being reflect lives in their the teachers who religious with education weekdayian principle the violating or teaching

is finest spiritual values. This now teachers, study, equipcourses of and separationof of state or church and should encourand be done commonly if finer to, in pronot comparable mentinfringing right the of of freedom upon aged paschool and commended by fessional quality the of than, programworship. trons. counsel guide Those and who the public school. then Only we may

Schools may use textbooks which the student concerning his personal hope to sustain our relatively recent religion should recognize problemssensitize great spiritual students to the in gain freedom. civilization—religious (the students'not as an own religion), culture.values of Christian to Failure While exercise that freedom and to

leaving the teaching of theology to the isolated compartment of his life, but as teach our children so to do spells doom churches, they may express more fully inseparably related to all his needs. to our cherished Christian institutions.

NO PRESENT FOR ANN (Continued from page 785) lived next door last winter. He didn't his eagerness almost forgot to close

resources in order to fuss over her want little Ann to cough like that! it quietly. Hearing voices, he addaughter, and he went up to bed by But later, his mind returning to his vanced softly to the living room archhis own choice. There, his face burown injuries, he protested unsteadway and peered in. Mother, in a

ied in sheets that smelled like the fly: pink negligee, was seated limply in

mountains in summer, he began to Mother has been too busy with a large rocker talking to the commitcry. This was a terrible Christmas the baby to even hear my piece, and tee ladies, who were grouped solicittime! He remembered the fun Moth- I have to say it in school tomorrow."ously around her.

er and Dad had made last year, Sympathetically Grandma arose, "I think you should at least recould see the three stockings they searched through his coat pockets, hearse someone else,"she was pleadhad hung from the mantle on Christproduced the rumpled paper, and paing in a tense voice, although her mas Eve: Dad's under one candletiently prompted until she thought hands continued to lie wearily inacstick, Mama's under the other, and Avery could recite the lines under tive.

his own tucked under the clock beany circumstance. "But Baby is so much better,"arthem. totween be didn't want He Avery's one visitor, and gued wary of Bethlehem, town O little but crya "baby,"he simply had to still topping her hat see thee lie! eyes saw we the bow How

a little. After what seemed a great Amid thy deep and dreamless sleep vibrate with her earnestness. "By

silent stars by. gowhile off her The in, drew Grandma came Sunday night she will be entirely thy dark street Yet inslippers the covers, under and crept shineth well."Light; everlasting The

and for a moment or two he allowed The hopes and fears of all the years "Every other baby is either too his head to rest on her shoulder. Out Are met in thee tonight. young or too old,"flatly declared

of the black pit of despair he sobbed: is so Feeling confident of his success another. "And Ann Elizabeth

"Mother sent me away so she before the class on the morrow, Avdear! You are both just right forcould give all her time to Ann."ery allowed himself to become enthat final tableau—oh, we need you

Grandma smoothed his unruly, veloped in a gentle peace, which so badly!"

damp locks. Understandingly she gradually deepened into slumber. Mother had scarcely moved. She

at her callers with large, woequietly explained: A week ago, Grandma kissed his forehead and looked

without anyone's knowing it at the laid her cheek against his for a moful eyes. "I feel dreadfully earthy,"

time, Ann Elizabeth had been exment. Such a little pilgrim to be alshe replied in a queer, shaky voice.posed to whooping cough. In town ready grappling with "hopes and "Especially this morning—

a number of cases had suddenly defears!"His childish voice repeating "You're tired out, my dear,"said

veloped. Mother had sent Avery the unchildish words filled her heart, the oldest member, rising and going

away so that, if Ann should come and it seemed that even little Ann to the door. "And we are just makdown with the disease, he might eswas not quite so dear as this, her ing matters worse. Go in and rest

cape. eightyear-old! while your baby's sleeping. We'll

Motionless, Avery thought for a look around for an understudy, but long time. He remembered the nick- I think both you and Ann will be

el in his leather purse and the little In a day or two, the docperfectly well by Sunday night."

blue china doll on Aunt Mildred's tor having decided that Ann's cold, It was not until after the ladies counter. The card with "5"printsevere as it was, would not develop had gone that Mother saw Avery.

ed in black stared at him accusingly. into whooping cough, Avery was She held out her arms and gathered

Moreover, he could almost hear the allowed to return home. He threw him to her, kissing his forehead and

violent coughing of a boy who had open the back door joyously and in (Continued on page 822)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

NO PRESENT FOR ANN (Continued from page 821) Avery helped Father hang the cyformers'hearts. Avery, close beside

cheeks. "Oh, Avery, Avery,"she clorama and change the white his father in the proscenium near the

half sobbed, and he clung to her, "foots"to yellow and red; but it switchboard, watched him flash, dim,

shaken. But in a few moments she was while Dad was gone to fetch and change the lights as the scenes

dropped down upon an ottoman, Mother and Ann that the boy found progressed and even helped him bowing her head upon her knees. his greatest delight. In a littered open and close the slowmoving cur-

"Oh, Avery, Ann has been really corner he discovered Hank Jones, tains. Near the end came the numill, but she's going to be all right the town's best carpenter and handy ber "O, Little Town of Bethlehem,"

now."man, on his knees covering with an and Avery stood spellbound as lights

With trembling lips, Avery stared old brown velvet rug a reclining gleamed here and there from the at the limp figure. Her mopish humped concoction of canvas and painted dwellings and the star shone

gown drooped on the rug and her paper. Glancing up and seeing Avdown upon flattened roofs. The

face was hidden in a cascade of fair ery's wideeyed absorption, he girls'chorus was crowded in the hair. "You better go to bed,"he asked; "What does that look like, wings beyond him and his father,

managed; and as she made no reply kid?"and out of sight of the audience, but

his mouth tightened, and soon he "A camel,"Avery replied with Avery could see how serious the didn't even want to comfort her. enthusiasm. faces of the "big girls"were.

Let her cry. It was always Ann! From keen, closeset eyes, Hank O little town of Bethlehem,

cast him an amused glance. How still we see thee lie

it ejaculated. he "Does now?"J. night of the Sunday he Silently he repeated the words let's will the audience "Well, hopepageant, Christmas Eve, unproved with them, at understanding now as be smart."mild.expectedly Father had As least a part the reof verse he hadcharge the this of the lights, cyclorama, for?"inquired "What's Avcited last the of school. on day

left the early, ery, curtain he pointingand diminutive to cardhome a taking Avery with him so as to leave board stable enclosing painted figMother's tableau was in every

Mother a free hand with Baby. The ures of the Holy Family. way the climax of the evening. Her

his breath son held she as slowly hallrecreation close by, being she setting,"that as a used "Oh, we tall set the ascended platform beherself dress atcould and home, Ann filled his explained Hank, with mouth hind painted the clouds, long her to return fetch wouldand them Dad tacks, his while long squarethumb it clinging white to robe everythingjust the before began. performance fingers tipped in the rug punched

little silly touched, asleep and Ann Father held for the gate As Avit in spot one another. and smoothed in all her missing fun. the arms, Asery, for they paused to a moment that a espied At Avery moment flash to yelFather the about was stilldrink air. soft, the of deep Betiny lying yellow tools camel among lights, low Mother's blue head arc flutneath lamps, flakes downy bits feet. of near and Hank's wood fell over drapery shoulder, her covleisurely.tered fences Trees and

were being gently packed. From "What's this?"he interrogated, ering her hair and profile, and she the it. arched to charmed by neck and high called adjust Avery and to comethe other the faint end of town came small so a reproduction. to Pleased at hump in be noticed such a drabell.peal of a church Dad stretched

his hand to clasp his son's small palm, Hank threw him another quick matic moment, he darted to the cenand for a few paces Avery was conlook and chuckled. "That? Why, ter, of the stage, climbed the boxes

tent to be led. Dad was worth folthat is what is left of my son's last which served as steps and drew

lowing! Christmas Noah's Ark."back the long, soft fold.

Having reached the hall, the boy "What's it for?"persisted Avery, "Tuck the end into the back of

found plenty to engage his interest. enchanted. my chair, dear,"she admonished

The committee ladies, in their best "It was my model,"explained the with smothered excitement.

dresses, were rushing about with carpenter, rising and brushing his The music changed to "Silent flushed cheeks. A young girl was baggy knees. Then, as Avery Night,"which was Father's cue and

practicing at the organ below the stared at him blankly, he added: accordingly he pulled a switch,

platform, and two high school boys "I made this from that."flooding the dim stage suddenly with

with violins were waiting their turn. Avery examined the rounded golden rays that focused on the two

The painted flame of the red cardhaunch and then swung his attenperformers. Ann's eyes popped

board candles on each side of the tion again to the tiny carved and open. For a startled second she

curtain gleamed pallidly in the dim painted prototype. For a second he stared at the unfamiliar surroundlight. Holly wreaths hung from the forgot "not to touch"and impulsiveings, blinked her disapproval and

wall lamps which encircled the audily picked up the intriguing toy; then, made ready to wail.

torium. remembering his father's admon- "Oh, dear,"cried Mother in a

But it was "back stage"that held ition, reluctantly he laid it on a small, shaking voice, as with trembAvery in attentive fascination. nearby cluttered table ling hands she pressed the baby

Wandering about, in the main obeycloser. "Hush, deary,"she crooned.

ing Father's injunction "not to But Avery was taking over the touch,"he gazed in wonderment at A here was no doubt situation.

a cloth manger, at the painted flat about the success of the Christmas "Boo,"he whispered playfully, roofs of the Little Town of Bethlepageant. The hall was packed beshaking his forelocks close to the

hem far in the distance, at a staryond standing room by people who small, contorted face. "Boo, Ann,

like slit in the purple sky above, had gathered in a worshipful mood, boo."

with a flood light perched behind it. and their emotions swept across the Her fear began to vanish and she

An alluring world of makebelieve! footlights to find an echo in the perreached for his shining hair. He

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

NO PRESENT FOR ANN nodded his head from side to side himself the man of the hour. The purse. "I have to buy it; it's for a

jauntily. "Boo, boo,"he grinned as committee ladies fluttered around present."

she gave him a broad smile. him, patting his head, and the chorus "How much money have you got?"

"Come back now, Son,"Father girls told him that he had been "per- "Five cents."

called softly and Avery retreated on fectly wonderful."In order to em- "Well, that's exactly the price of

tiptoe, still peek-a-booing when in brace her son, Mother handed Ann this camel,"Hank responded and range of his sister's vision. He heard to Dad. he studied quizzically the dull coin

Mother continue his singsong un- "You saved the day, Avery,"she which Avery laid carefully in his der her breath. In a moment he was beamed. "The whole pageant would palm. "Thanks, old man. Merry

back at Father's side, and the curhave been ruined if Ann Elizabeth Christmas!"

tains began to part. had cried."But as Avery neared the stage enEveryone felt the hush of the audiHe shot a glance at his sister. She trance he turned, anxiety stamped

ence. It crept back stage with inwas sucking her stiff little thumb on his features. "Do babies like

until intensitycreasing even inquired. he blinking eyelids. the and heavy A tiny camels?"gangling, amateur stage were hands white expression Hank's sock had made was a mixture its way through

still. Hank Jones stepped noiseshawls and blankets and so downof humor and tenderness. "Do

lessly to the proscenium, where he ward to the floor. He stooped and they?"he grinned. "They eat em

stood motionless, looking upwards picked it up, and while it seemed alive."

across Mother's of lights. the haze it didn't silly small more. seem any Satisfied, stray picked Avery up a delicately featuresclearcut were it into tucked Without he a word of tissue the scrap paper, wrapped blue gaze Ann'sshaded was and Father's palm. carefully, in his camel tucked it deeplifted. stretched chubby She up one Then swiftly a realization stiffpocket with his empty purse, andhand and poked with tapering, incredibly tiny fingers at Mother's ened him and made him feel cold. said good night. Coming to the prowas Christmas, voices Tomorrowsmiling mouth. Fresh young were all closed, and he—bythehisstoresown scenium,was Fatherhe lookedwith across,Ann rolledand thereup, the violins: the refrain offell in with choice—had no present for Ann. head and all, like a bundle of launSilent night! Holy night! In a panic he pulled on his overdry. It was queer how babies

All is calm, all is bright coat and felt for his purse. Thank breathed! And now Mother was

goodness, he hadn't spent the nickel! there, too, looking for him, as he

Avery felt Dad's caress on his But what was the good of a nickel knew by the way she smiled when shoulder, and looking up the boy late on Sunday night? Then he she saw him. Her arms were full

saw that his father's eyes were wet thought of Hank Jones. of draperies and a white scarf was

reflecin glittering the yellowand tied hair. loose her around held She alone, carpenter The was packingtion. feel didn't out hand, Avery and his tools whistling and "Silent tableau, Son,"the he saved "You fly to his the across seemed Night."feet—heher of you.""I'mwhispered. proud bare scattered boxes. boards and fine,"big 'Your camel looked beall his lost suddenly Avery And Still flap held securely the he down cordially. Avery, gan against Faresentment Ann. With his of pocket. overcoat "Thanks,"rethe came amused his hether's clasp arm on warm

ply. impossible had seemed had What Child, stirat the Mothergazed and

It lastjust the the took small wasn't happened. Avery up yellow his being. small of to the depthsred

itThe beautiful tableau was partly toy. "Would you sell this?"he minute buying of the tiny camel; something washis! that asked. to himself admitted And he than Hank was arrested by the boy's that—somethingwarmer andthatdeeperhe cute looked blackhis sister's head

explained, in couldn't that have with but and paused a sawcoming out of the pink clouds. eagerness

wildly night I guess his hand. can "Oh, made him you happy. The

have that."seemed to be singing.... TomorWhen the curtains final- "I can't take it,"explained Avery, row was Christmas! Tomorrow wasly closed and the music had died to looking directly into the man's atChristmas—and he had a present for

silence, Avery unexpectedly found tentive face. He pulled out his everybody!

JOSEPH SMITH'S STATECRAFT (Continued from page 783) Plenary powers were also conferred18 diary as descriptive of the Mormon mandatory in all cases before the munifor founding a municipal university, treatment by virtue of existing consticipal court, which was also authorized "a body corporate and politic with pertutional guarantees, thus became realto grant writs of habeas corpus. These petual succession."In 1841, according istically protected as his political sense

Legion, with flowered the Bancroft, to as mayor of Illinois'largest Nauvoo the protections to revealitems tend city. 20 LieutenantGeneral, as its Smith Joseph about his assembled the Prophetwhich

person and his group at Nauvoo. Secincluded all male members of the Church But the security of this citystate was

the ages of sixteen between Nauvoo to in the citytion with power 25 provided fifty. 19 of the (Continued on page 824) population As the and an inestablish Legion,"the "Nauvoo

this for pronounceauthority -Evans, op. the Legion grew, to number came entitled militia to citydependent body of to assigns people Governor 15,000 Ford cit.Thomasis the officers four thousand than more in his Illinois, F. 403. the public of D. Richarms""their proportion and ment.Nauvoo p. History of

the as Historian, 14,000 gives former ards, Church "injured innocence"phrase The Illinois. of troopsof was men. This body figure for John (Berrett, 214). 1844 June op. the Prophet's throughout runs which latter the was disposal the Taylor, Prophet with statute present "atplaced whencit., p.the by the

of the mayor in executing the laws and MNauvoo Charter, section 24 beyondkilled, statesthe citythatlimits)the Nauvooincluded area30.000(includingpeople. areas( The

ordinances of the city corporation."1BBancroft, op. cit., p. 146 Government of God. p. 25)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

JOSEPH SMITH'S STATECRAFT (Continued from page 823) alacrity and unanimity of the legis- ) For What Flavors not sufficient to satisfy the realistic lature in granting their charter may

Is Prophet.ing his fortressThe possibilitieswith the powerof buttressof the therebygreat expectationsbe understood,entertainedas wellbyasboththe

federal government, as well as with factions for Mormon support. This

Utah Famous? the guarantee of the state, played on factor, coupled with the disposition of

his mind. Thus on December 21, 1843, national party leaders to dodge the

the city council prepared a Memorial Mormon claims which were continually led Congress, pressed before to bold being ordinance Congress."This Answer—and

his to declare the Prophet own candito vest document asked Congress NauUTAH vooleges,withand allimmunitiesthe "rights,belongingpowers,topriviTer- dacyso doing,for theandpresidencyby setting inup1844.an indeBy

ritories and not repugnant to the Conpendent ticket, the Mormons might conflict avoid a break or with Whigs stitution States."Further, of the United CELERY Illinois. in and Democrats the petitioners that be begged the mayor

authorized "whenever the actual necesOf more than casual interest in leadand sity of the case and the public safety ing up to this decision is the Prophet's shall require it, to call to his aid a sufficorrespondence with John C. Calhoun.

in to response 4, 1843, cient forces On November States of United number to the 25 as what the Mayor's inquiry finerflavored in Legion."connection with the Nauvoo

South Carolinan would do about the

MORNING Tt comeis evidentcognizantthat theof Prophetfederalism'shad beim- MormonCalhoun promisedclaims if toelectedadministerPresident,the perio in imperium and was determined government "according to the Consti- 2"Reto secure for the Saints the sovereign tution'—a safe preelection reply.

privileges which statehood in Missouri, ferring to a previous conversation with

V Sold Throughout the West! manipulated by nonMormon controls, Joseph Smith in Washington, Calhoun

had denied them. Nor did his ideas wrote further that the Mormon "case

stop there. His hopes appear to have does not come within the jurisdiction

the Federal Government, for a of aspiration the none far beyond which is27 of one specific powers."limited and citystate within the AmeriMormon

can union: it is quite clear that he In his rejoinder the Prophet assailed the

wished to vest Nauvoo with the powers eminent southerner's views of the inenjoyed by the federal government, in ability of federal power to intervene addition to statehood! This idea, as when civil liberties are threatened, sayufiak Si,incj. well as Brigham Young's later work in ing among other things:

volume n Utah, has more than often been inAnd let me say that all men who say that

AN ANTHOLOGY terpretedsystem. Rather,as disloyaltyit wastoa thedisplayAmericanof inCongressfend the rightshas noof powerher citizensto restorehave andnot dethe

OF CONTEMPORARY VERSE tense regard for the principles of civil love of truth in them. Congress has the

protect to nation the foreign against power liberty, effort religious to and and an 1934, written since 370 Contains poems broil; internal invasion and whenever and first the published, local volume and create purewhen was a zone—Nauvoo—of that right to maintain act passes an body notesbiographical the 152 reprepoets on ly the character within autonomous to right restore with or to power, any anysented. local federal framework, but under it is citizens, portion the her of law supreme

I: 22 Part Esthetic Verse the Emphasizing control. Charter was the refuse State subshould land: The Nauvoo and a of Motive

is that mission, insurrection guilty State of realistically the guarantee, supported II: Part for Children Verse

rebellion, the or as President has and much noninterfer- Legion, the of by armed III: of Part Religious Verse Aspiration

it to to repel as Washington had power Illinois. to step ence next attractively in gold, was by The green Bound and

Pittsthe at against march boys whisky isthis gift tasteful of book enduring a including secure similar arrangements, to an General or burgh had send Jacksonvalue. military the federal governfrom power, of rebellion the to force suppress armed 23 10 Price $2. for Please cents mailadd 28 requires rather lengthy ment. a This Carolina. Southing. Remittances to should be made indulged. explanation, must which be

Extension Division Prior to the entrance of the Saints This letter definitely marks the founinto Illinois, the strength of the two dations of a remarkable effort on the

Brigham Young University parties in the state was approximately part of Joseph Smith to try his hand

PROVO, UTAH 17,275 for the Democrats and 14,292 at the significant American game of constitutional interpretation. It is fundais necesfor the comment Whigs. 2* No

rementally the same interpretation, after to sary 1840 the Morshow that mons held the balance of power. The jected by the South, and championed

in Lincoln, expression found which by Four Great Books text. the complete contains 6:130132 to the Failure Civil understand War. STANDARDS GOSPEL history, to least at effort, 1890, '"-Ibid.,22This and Mormon Pres. $2.25 Heber Grant by is in the history largely for philosopheropportunity reflect remarkable Utah a a Mormon THIS DAY—AND J.ALWAYS in political pluralism. to case study historian a make this failure L. 1.50 influence of the recognize to Richard Evans by 6:275277. referthe 23See Church History The of

p IN NET THE GOSPEL effort to his is to people's thought, to ence Prophet's the memorial March Congress on and 1.25 Dr. A. Widtsoe John by for for of 26, asking 1844, passage the Ordinance "An substitute therefor of question the HILLS THE UNTO States Citizens the of the the Protection United 1.50 L. Richard Evans by to of..."the in sought the Territories. Emigrating polygamy, secondary This which was Order now to authorization Tyler permit President from Congress conflict later period. that Continuof CO. BOOKCRAFT THE to for exclusive as agent Smith S. name Joseph U.

City, P. 63, Salt Box Utah O. Lake to patrolling the ing, Mountains, from thirtyeight-yearold the Mexico Rocky Prophet

to enlist then and equip Prophet was The Please the books checked above Canada. send

this task, for his agents and called upon his eminent correspondent would be who 100,000 men C.O.D. Send

$ check or money order enclosed. notProphet)of theU.UnitedS. liabilityStates atso internationalas to avoid law(wrotein thethe to read "in the eighth section and first NAME Britain, with dispute event of a Great a had who History of the Church 6:155156

to in pertinent Original documents Oregon. ADDRESS Idem

the at are to this memorial L. D. S. Church be had Let us know if you would like us claim "Ibid., 6:157160

to send a gift card. Historian's Office in Salt Lake City. 28Smith to Calhoun. January 2, 1844. In Ibid.. 6:

W. A. Linn, Story of the Mormons (1902), p. 243 156160.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

opinforces."naval So far, so good! The

hadJoseph Smith's Generalion datedLambornNovemberof Illinois,30, 1843,in an "seventeenth,"preimmediately which ruled as follows concerning the the source implied famous ofStatecraft the of Legion: Nauvoo "necessary proper"and status cedespowers—the

83 containsArticle clause—the authorof the Constitution... the first, worded novel position, discon- a occupy They

fourteenth, and seventeenth specific and nected from the military communities of the ization "to exercise exclusive legislanot very limited powers of the Federal whole State, and in no way subject to the tion in all cases whatsoever over such

Government, what can be done to proregular military officers, possessing an exdistrict (not exceeding ten miles general to the subjection emption from even lives, rights square)tect property, as the of cession of may, parand by inmilitary laws, with a power 29 It is ticular states, the virtuous people."of readinga and acceptance by lawmaking32

in their legion. vested own

in Congress, the seat to these clauses the exact Prophet's of the govbecome experience that one gets an exciting XVTith. this added framework before ernment of the United States, and to

exeraise like all authority for constitutional places oyerview of his sought- "read perhaps us, we can "legisin"to purchased the consentinterpretation, that the by namely, of the federal the States, of Constitution the United lature state theexecutive in which the same be can and must power of in Smith have had used what Joseph may shall be, the erection for magof protecting guaranandas a means of forts, security to the regard of the mind with teeing civil liberty. community. Article I, section 8 of azines, dockyards, and other needful

all laws which and to make memorial to Congress of Decemis buildings; The suggested to Calhoun, which was

carshall be necessary for and properber 21, 1843, praying endowment repository as of the of fednoted a principal rying into execution the foregoing territorial rightseral for plus Nauvoo specifically delegated powers...."(Italics author's) to the powers federal troopsmayoral call out power to federal since "enumerand government

to complement the Legion, has been ated"by printers and others for conExamination of these references mentioned. Together with this, an entry venient reference. Here for example would indicate that Joseph Smith's

in the Prophet's diary some days before is to be found the great grant to "reggrand design was to advance Nauvoo (December 8, 1843) should be read. ulate commerce."The "first"power under the interpretation that its charter

"I suggested to the Council,"he writes, advocated by the Prophet is the perconstituted (or would permit the con- "the idea of petitioning Congress to remission to "lay and collect taxes... stitution of) consent from Illinois to

ceive the City of Nauvoo under the to provide for the common defense and permit Congress to designate Nauvoo protection of the United States Governgeneral welfare."It is not difficult to as a "seat of the government of the

ment, to acknowledge the Nauvoo Legsee how a close student of the literal United States"in terms of the italiion as United States troops, and to asmeaning of Holy Writ could see in this cized reference above. In other words,

sist in fortifications and other purposes, power the answer to the Saints'probNauvoo was being set forth as a proand that a messenger be sent to Conlem. The "fourteenth"item contains spective federal military district under

the jurisdiction immediate control and thisgress for at the purpose expense the "to grant for the govmake rules 30 of the actualcity's Mayor. Perhaps by City."of the Attorneyof the regulation land Meanwhile and ernment and

(Concluded on page 826) *>Ibid.. 6:160 silbid., 6:9596

*>Ibid.. 6:107 Idem U. S. Constitution, Article I, Section 8, par. 18

Call in for this helpful folder—and refer to it frequently. It will help you Care for Your Car—for

Your Country! *,\ GASOLINE

Utah Oil Refining Company Stations and Dealers in Its Products rO**

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

TRAVELER'S MOTOR LODGE JOSEPH SMITH'S STATECRAFT 1481 STATE SOUTH {Concluded page from 825) Illinois. Carthage, 27, on Thus SALT June LAKE'S OUTSTANDING MOTOR

ly reading the Constitution, the Prophet COURT 1844, in a unique chapter was Ameriand New Modern discovered opportunities for the organipolitical can history short. Air cut in Conditioned The StrictlySummer—Automatically in zation political of Heated authority Furnwhich Winter—Beautifully concircumstances killing surrounding the V/ith ished Floors Carpeted Colored and ceivably, at in point some the history of the Tile are Prophet for too Showers, complex Radios Free

BETTER THAN THE BEST HOTELS of the Supreme Court, might one day be examination here. It may be pointed

FOR LESS supported before the courts of law. out that only a few days before, howAnd it would appear that little practical ever, he voluntarily complied with a

ability was lacking in the subsequent request from Governor Ford of Illinois presidential campaign which the Prophto disarm and the demobilize Nauvoo et organized. of thirtyseven 3* A series after Legion, which Lieutenthe former

conferences throughout the country antGeneral placed himself at the disTHE ADVERTISERS were scheduled, to be conducted by the posal of the Governor for protection. 39

and Where You Will F ind TwelveYoung, endingApostleswithleda finalby seriesBrighamat mostHad heinterestinglived wecampaignmight havein Americanseen the

Washington, D.C., September 7th to history.

Their Messages 15th. Missionaries were appointed On February 7, 1844, the Prophet

and assigned to twentysix states and had drawn up a manifesto entitled

Albers Milling Co. (Friskies)....827 one territory, ranging in numbers from Views of the Powers and Policy of the

each two ConnectiJersey and for New Government States United which of the Alexandria Hotel..803 85 cut, to for fortynine York. basis New for his campaigners'formed 40 the..773 AllisChalmers appeal. is This 29, significant 1844, document of the a meeting January On

Beneficial Life Insurance Co Council of the Twelve Apostles was for its scope in selecting statements

Back cover held at Nauvoo "to take into considerafrom all the American presidents from

Bookcraft Company 806 824 tion the proper course... to pursue in Washington to Tyler, with comments

the author, to as to the nature elecby use the coming Presidential and Borden Company..803 relation

political of tion."38 authority. Candidates permits Space were discussed.

Brigham Young University..807 Martin Van Buren was dismissed as no discussion at this time of this docuBrigham Young University Ex- "morally impossible"due to his failure ment.

tension Division 824 to invoke the executive power on beSuffice it to say that in Joseph Smith,

Continental Oil Company..829 half of the Saints. Henry Clay had the Prophet, the American frontier

rise the witnessed politiadvised of a formidable withdrawal of the Mormons Crescent Manufacturing Company religious, as cal, as well Oregon, profigure. His which advice "prowould..805 to (Mapleine)

hibit any true lover of our constitutional portions and stature, after a hundred..796 Deseret Book Company privileges yet to have be determined. supporting at the years, from him His

people 37 "It his questioned hardly box."..830 ballot Press Deseret at Nauvoo was therefore moved News

FelsNaptha Soap Co..778 by Willard Richards and voted unanibreath-taking discretionary powers. In

that lies fact alone eloquent of indeproof will have an we the force of his ticket, ideas Glade Candy Co..828 mously—Thatpendent electoral that brought which and JoGlobe Grain & Milling Co...769 827 seph Smith be a candidate for the next such men as Brigham Young to follow

Hall's Canker Remedy..807 Presidency; and that we use all honorhis leadership.

Heinz, H. J., Co..771 ableelection."means88 in our power to secure his theTheforcedcitystateevacuationof Nauvooto thepassedfar west,with

Hotel Temple Square..774 In February 1844, the Prophet drew begun in February 1846, after the reInternational Harvester..775 up his campaign strategy. Brigham peal of the Charter. But with that

KSL...Inside back cover otherYoung,apostles,it may wasbe noted,absent alongin Massawith politicalevacuationsagacitywent a whichlarge portionwajT+heoffruitthe

L.D.S. Business College..806 chusetts with relation to this project of experience and the product of the

Morning Milk 772, 803. 806,824 when Joseph Smith met his death at leadership of Joseph Smith within the

framework of early American federal34See 6:334340, History passim and of the Church Mountain Fuel Supply Company

to 'Idem. According as ism. Brigham Young, who Inside front cover chief apostle all directed the "campaign,"workers

Palace Hotel..772 andwere presentinstructedbeforeto "preachthe peoplethe Generaltruth in Smith'srighteousness,views includes2Volumeimportant7 of Historydocumentsof the andChurch,excerptsbecausefromit

Purity Biscuit Company 769 ofment'the"'Powers{q.v. ) (atand 340).Policy of the General GoverningFord'spointHistoryfor furtherof Illinois,examination.is recommended as a startRoyal Baking Company..828 sVbid.,mbid., 6:1886:187189 above.40See BrighamComplete Young'stext of theinstructionsViews is infoundfootnotein His35,

tory of the Church 6:197209.

Safeway Stores, Inc...776

SoilOff. 772. CHRISTMAS, 1942

Standard Brands of California....828 (Concluded from page 800) them—in the quiet of our homes, or in Tea Garden Products..804 They have come to think of Christianthe heat of battle—renew the faith we

This Day... And Always..806 itypreachedas a faultybrotherhoodreligion. ofWhileman, wewe havehave havein thatin renewalthe missionlet usof resolvethe Christ.that Andour

Traveler's Motor Lodge..826 practised inhumanity to our neighbor; faith must bear fruit in dynamic action.

equality, taught while have have we we resolution, in keeping Each day our..774 Pacific Stages Union inequality. Christians practised We shall like our nearly become we more that not, nonChristians..805 University what do of Utah know Elder Brother, in bemortality who in in lies, Christianity, fault the but not

. living, for better pattern our the 772 Engraving came Utah weakness. our

all in immortality us our assured of and is converfor genuine the time Refining Now Oil Co...825 Utah eternal worth. sion; halfhearted for accepthe time

Utah Poultry Producers'Coop tance is past. During this Christmas Christmas 1942, therefore, should

Association 803—withseason ofour1942,lovedlet onesus whereveror apartwefromare becomenewly valued.—M.a rededicationC. /. to old truths

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

The Resurrection

( Continued from page 78 1 resurrection, with which we have any future concern will commence when Christ comes.

No person who has lived and died on this earth will be denied the resurrection. this, teaches Reason and /tk).Mm*mm<> TWOHOUR ROLLSit is a simple of justice. matter Adam

alone was responsible for death, and What family doesn't applaud when a new hotbread appears on therefore the Lord does not lay this the table unannounced! lust try serving these tender, fluffy rolls

to the charge of any other person. sent in by Mrs. George Merriman of Orange, California. And for

Justice demands that no person who extra lightness use Enriched Globe "Al"Flour... it's always

dependable. Complete satisfaction guaranteed or your money not shall for responsiblewas death

refunded. it, for responsiblebe held and therefore, as Paul declared, "as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be TWOHOUR ROLLS made alive."Again the Lord has

said: 6 c. (about) GLOBE "Al"FLOUR 2 c. milk

But, behold, verily I say unto you, before 2 cakes compressed yeast 1 Vi lsp. salt

the earth shall pass away, Michael, mine archangel, shall sound his trump, and then 2 tbsp. sugar 4 tbsp. melted shortening

shall all the dead awake, for their graves shall be opened, and they shall come forth Sift flour. Scald milk; cool to lukewarm;

yea even all. add yeast and sugar. Add 3 cups flour

the shall gathered righteous on be And until gradually smooth. beat and Add

life; eternal right the unto hand andmy salt, shortening and melted remainthen

I left willwicked be on hand ashamed my flour gradually, der of to mixing a soft butto 29:26Father. before (D. the C. own &

lightly, firm in dough. place greased Knead27)

bowl, cover and let rise until dough is

This passage should be enough double in bulk. Shape into rolls; let stand again until double

for any member of the Church, to set in bulk; bake in hot oven (425 degrees) about 20 minutes.

right, strange to say, there buthim are those misconstrue say IBBSflBliGBIII it and who it does not mean what it says. Then

the clear havewe statement of Jacob A-1 FOR EVERYTHING YOU BAKE!in the Book of Mormon:

And he cometh into the world that he may save all men if they will hearken unto his voice; for behold, he suffereth the pains

the livingof pains of yea, all men, every WHY DOGS LIKE AND children,creature, both men, and women, who belong to the family of Adam. And he suffereth this that the resurrection THRIVE ON FRISKIES*

might pass upon all men, that all might stand before him at the great and judgment day. (II Nephi 9:2122) Q. Why do dogs like Friskies?

What could be stronger and more A. blendedBecause theto accentuateingredientsthein flavorFriskiesmostare dogsscientificallyprefer.

convincing than these words of our The Friskies formula has been "taste tested"for more

Redeemer: than ten years.

Marvel not at this: for the hour is com- Q. How many ingredients in Friskies?

ing, in which all that are in the graves shall A. Friskies contains 19 ingredients for proper nutrition.

hear his voice, and shall come forth; they Among these are meat and bone scraps, with cooked

that have done good unto the resurrection cereals, dried skimmed milk, minerals, six vitamins.

of life; and they that have done evil, unto

the resurrection of damnation. (John 5: Q. Is Friskies economical?

2829) A. Yes. Friskies is thrifty to feed.

Let us consider now some of the There'stion problem.no waste,Too,no it'srefrigeraclean,

sayings of later prophets. This is convenient, easy to feed

from the Prophet Joseph Smith:

There have been remarks made concernFEED FRISKIES ing all men being redeemed from hell; but

I say that those who sin against the Holy IN CUBE AND MEAL

Ghost cannot be forgiven in this world or toin shall die they the world come: the FORM FOR VARIETY!

death. the uncommitsecond Those who

pardonable sin are doomed to Gnolom, to dwell in hell, worlds without end. As they

concocted scenes of bloodshed in this world,so they shall rise to the resurrection which A CHRISTMAS "ERA"SUBSCRIPTION is as the lake of fire and brimstone. Some will solve the gift problem in a most satisfactory way

shall rise to the everlasting burnings of God; 12 issues $2.00

(Continued on page 828)

it YOU'LL MAKE IT A HEAL it

The Resurrection CHRISTMAS WHEN YOU SEND OR GIVE (Continued [com page 827) for God dwells in everlasting burnings; and

some shall rise to the damnation of their own fllthiness which is as exquisite a torment as the lake of fire and brimstone. (April

conference, 1844) President Taylor This from John will everybody be resurrected? DELICIOUS PINK and GULH What, CHOCOLATES Yes, every living being! "But every man in

his own order, Christ the first fruits; afterwards they that are Christ's at his coming.

Then cometh the end."That is, the Saints

shall live and reign with Christ a thousand

If It's years. One of the Apostles says, "But

the rest of the dead live not again until the thousand years are expired,"but all must & come forth from the grave, some time or

It's Good other, in the selfsame tabernacle that they possessed while living on the earth. It will

be just as Ezekiel has described it—bone

will come to its bone, and flesh and sinew will skeleton, at the the Lord's cover andit BUY NOW AT YOUR CANDY DEALERS it will enter bidding breath the body, and we will appear, many of us, a marvel to our- \ ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS selves. (/. of D. 18:333)

; flavors 7 exquisite

| for a vaAnd this is the testimony of riety of colorful, appetizing [ desserts and salads. President Joseph F. Smith:

ROYAL PUDDINGS Every creature that is born in the image

| Chocolate, Vanilla will resurrected and of the dead, from be God \ Butterscotch, also Vanilla just that as sure [ Tapioca he as can write and Cocodies; you Orange

nut Tapioca. Smooth, it, please, forget and never down if you! creamy and wholesome.

yourself allow nor on to have any unbelief that account. As in Adam all die, even so in

Christ shall all be made alive....

It matters not whether we have done

JSAUD well or ill, whether we have been intelli3EUTIN gent or ignorant, or whether we have been bondmen or slaves or freemen, all men will

I the raised as and, dead; from underbe ROYAL SALAD GELATIN

raised the are stand they from dead it, when delicious With a will beings, flavor, they immortal they and become not sweet. Grandmeatlikefor

moulded meats, suffer the dissolution of the spirit more flsh, salads | 1 CHOCOLATE not for jellied and soups.

body. 19:386) and (Era mMm FLEISCHMANN'S

YEAST 'Tiiflrr These references should be

The fa- v household there enough, but be some W.i>0iNTAPIOCA"who may vorite of four gen- t*qca 0m erations. rich Extra will rise that the Lord and say up in Bi. vitamins A,

BAKING ROYAL will POWDER otherwise they spoken and D and G. VJ& has special for baking powder Tbe their contention base the words on cakes. distribnationally The only

uted Cream of Tartar baking in secthe Doctrine and Covenants powder. Standard brands tion President 76:3839. George Q.

of California Cannon years ago corrected this erroneous interpretation, as follows:

In many minds there has been a great misapprehension on the question of the resurrection. Some have had the idea, and have

taught it, that the sons of perdition will not be resurrected at all. They base this idea,

and draw this conclusion, from the 38th and 39th paragraphs of section 76, of the book with important says:of Doctrine and Covenants, where the Lord

shall verily, the not only "Yea, ones who VITAMINS and IRON in the of time Lord, the be due redeemed the Serving right of KIND food can do a lot to keep the up after his the sufferings of wrath. vital of health family. is your Here with bread real, robust all shall rest forth the "For brought be food value well as as delicious most flavor. Added vitamins the resurrection the of dead, through by iron and extra supply nutritive qualities which everyone the the the of glory triumph and Lamb, who these strenuous needs days.

slain, in the the of was bosom was who

Father before the worlds were made."(D.

& C. 76:3839)

A careful reading of these verses, however, and especially of the preceding paragraphs, will show that the Lord does not, in this language, exclude even the sons of perdition from the resurrection. It is plain

that the intention is to refer to them explicitly the as the seconly ones on whom BAKING ROYAL COMPANY all shall death ond have "For power any

Salt Lake and Ogden... Fresh the rest shall forth resurbrought be by the

Every Day rection of the dead, through the triumph and

Grocer's 100% Homeowned—100% American at Your

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

THE RESURRECTION

the glory of the Lamb."This excluded class And they who remain shall also be quicklife, that they can die no more; their spirits

are the only ones on whom the second death ened: nevertheless, they shall return again uniting with their bodies, never to be dishall have any power, and "the only ones to their own place, to enjoy that which they vided; thus the whole becoming spiritual and

who shall not be redeemed in the due time are willing to receive, because they were immortal, that they can no more see corof the Lord, after the suffering of his wrath."not willing to enjoy that which they might ruption. (Alma 11:4445)

is that they received. means This to say are have no by

resurrection. ourto Jesus Lord no have "They all resurwill for be died who remain"must refer to AmulekIn this isstatementspeakingit isof shownthe dead,that all, and Saviorand

in are those included not any who black, people white bad, and in the bad, next, of both and good and sinners or not; race, and whetherofrected—good, in every the three another kingdoms, and or chapter. 12th this confirms Alma the their be, sins great matter mayno how place, section the has 76:33, Lord in doctrine relation the to wicked is sure. their bodies of Jesusresurrection said: vessels of are wrath, they "For in cast following are out the all will rewho they be them, and died forhas

deemed from the grave through the atonedoomed to suffer the wrath of God, words ment which He has made. (Juvenile Inwith the devil and his angels in I say unto you, they shall be as though

structor 35:123) eternity."These are they who re there had been no redemption made; for they

Will any after receiving the resurmain "filthy still."cannot be redeemed according to God's

rection ever die, or have the dissolujustice; and they cannot die, seeing there is

said: Amulek no 12:18) more corruption. (Alma spirittion of the anand body? The

all, this restoration shall to Now, come no! to this is obviously,answer What is every soul Unless raised, our free, old both and young, both and bond

reason could there be in calling them both male and female, both the wicked and Savior will not win the victory over the righteous; shall there so not spirits evenforth and their uniting and and will victory death. His must be, and

lost; their as of hair a heads but much be interonly tobodies to cause death be, clearly complete, deas Paul its shall thing perfect restored to every be dissolve time the secondvene and clared. spirit In the resurrection the it is frame, as in the or body, and now,

their souls? The words of the Prophshall be brought and be arraigned before and the body become inseparably

et already quoted are to the effect the bar of Christ the Son, and God the Faconnected, that they can never again is Spirit, the Eternand which one Holy perdition,that the sons of conther, who be divided, and thus they become al to to according God, be judged shall of scenescocted bloodshed, their immortal. works, they be or whether whether good

dwell in hell "worlds without end."they be evil. Every creature on the earth,

According to the word of the Lord, Now, behold, I have spoken unto you whether it be man, animal, fish, fowl, the of the death mortal body, accept that as final, mustand no concerning we creature, that other has the Lord also the the or of resurrection concerning and been,matter have what or what may is created from death redeemed on that mortal body. this mortal unto I say you

may be now, the opinions of men, body is raised to an immortal body, that is the same terms that man is redeemed.

we are told: from death, even from the first death unto (Concluded on page 831)

"35 won't hurt your car if youre

. careful at 00 miles an hour.

"A doctor and another customer of sides mine, that the worst danger of

Xi. mine could even get a new car engine wear comes in starting up cold.

by U. S. regulations. But they're But did you ever see something plainer

careful with the car they've got—to get around that, than oilplating

doing under 35, same as other people your engine with Conoco N oil?

in wartime. I say that's the spirit. I'm extra glad I've got it for you now

part along can "I do some of my innition—usewartime. itRemember,wisely."oil is ammuthis line, the you why same by telling

'tops'to 35mile is bound make your JOIN FREE if yet, you don't car last even longer hunt up grief at 00 miles an hour! Elect yourself to the ONCE-A-WEEK CLUB

station. Mileage Your Merchant's Conoco miles "That's no wisecrack—00 to regular drive your an atChoose day in and own

It's is standing car hour. your when oil, tires, radiator and check your him have

is still cold, starting engine your and systematic battery. attention His expert

needing lubrication the worst of ever. means troubleprevention. He'll report to

lubrication anything in advance you on and oil. I just I your don't change So

that duration of for the finds you he need engine oilplated change to an you car.'your oil for N*A motor with Conoco my

Winter. Nothing special to do or pay, Care For Your Car... For Your Country

but Conoco N'A attaches oilplating all over your engine's insides as close as plating on bumpers. Sort of

'magnetism'makes Nth oil keep the oilplating from all draining down to the crankcase overnight, and all day, etc. Sooner than you're even in

the car, oilplating is up to where you need it—instead of taking time

getting through skinny holes and slits.

You've had lots of people's word beMOTOR OIL

. )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

SOLUTION TO NOVEMBER Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—Birth of Jesus

PUZZLE "Thou shalt call his name JESUS: for he shall save his people—Mattfrom their1:21.sins."

"R T T R A V N M N '"K A V R -R A A T* P M V D o U -R w R R L L N O K A T O N T -R A R O 15 H o R R u A "R A O B A R F

Bind yimr 1 "That at the name of.. everyHORIZONTALknee 33 "Let there be... strife"Gen. 13:8

should bow"Phil. 2:10 35 Mary was the... of Joseph

5 The... of the 13 across 36 "and laid him in a... "Luke 2:7

friends, Self whatsoever if ye 39 are "Ye my 41 15:14... 11 "all went to be... "Luke 2:3 you"John commandMagazines 10 Snakelike fish 38 Same as 18 down

... full moccasins Indian 43 13 TheI was

14 "And,..., the angel of the Lord came 45 "The trees of the Lord are full of...

104:16 Ps. "with all thy heart, and with all thy..."NOW is just the time to gather up 15 uponSmall them"bird Luke 2:9 46

your 1942 Church publications and 17 "there... out a decree from Caesar Matt. 22:37

... the Matt. 2:1 "in of king"the 47 days Augustus"Luke 2:1have them bound into attractive,

it in to... those days"Luke 49 I Chron. 8:12 18 came "And A town of Benjamin

convenient volumes. 19 Joseph... from his dream 2:1

20 Son of Jahdai, of the family of Caleb 51 "Go out quickly into the streets and...

PRESERVE THIS PRICELESS 23 OfI Chron. 2:47 53 ofHebrewthe city"deityLuke 14:21

of 25 Second note MATERIAL! scale 54 Plural ending of nouns

in Palestine Territory 26... of God"John 1:29 56 KilnAnd the cost is small. Note these 29 "Behold the

32 Native mineral 57 Silent prices: VERTICAL Improvement Era, per volume..$2.Q0 "born King of the... "Matt. 2:2 24 Ancestor of Jesus, Luke 3:28

Relief Society Magazine, per Ever ( cont. 26 Earthly father of Jesus

Diphthong... had heard these 30

31Instructor, per volume 1.50 "Whenthings"Matt.Herod2:3the.... I bring you good tidings"Luke

Children's Friend, per volume.. 2.00 "... thou into the joy of thy lord"Matt. 2:10

25:21 34 King of Bashan Num. 32:33

7 Half an em 35 "... him in swaddling clothes"Luke

Bring them in, or mail them, 8 Father of two of David's guards I Chron. 2:7

"there TODAY! 9 11:46 37 Greek letter was no... for them in the inn"40 Celts 2:7 Luke

12 "which... him ten thousand talents"42 Administers medicine

Matt. 18:24 44 Jesus was the... of God

... good but one, that is God"48 "in the morning the... lay round aboutThe Deseret lews Press 16 "there is

Matt. 19:17 the host"Ex. 16:13

29 Richards Street 18 Exclamation 50 "... we like sheep have gone astray"

Salt Lake City, Utah 21 Without regard to self Isa. 53:6

22 Man who helped Aaron hold up Moses'52 "Let your light... shine"Matt. 5:16

hands at battle with Amalek, Ex. 17:12 55 Sunday School

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1942

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS (Concluded from page 801) lation from decreasing. The worlds ing family relationships throughout

tempers and directs all that is done, wide view is the same. The birthrate the eternities. Are they who will not

the children will enter the world's of the more advanced nations is fallobey the law on earth worthy of citizenship better fitted to help build ing rapidly; while that of the more this great reward in the hereafter?

an increasingly improving world. In backward peoples is large and inGospel doctrine should make every

the training of good citizens or happy creasing. Latterday Saint married couple

human beings, there is no substitute In the last twentyfive years, the eager for the privilege and obligafor the home with a large family. birthrate of the United States has tions of parenthood. And they

The benefits of a home with sevfallen from twentyfive to seventeen should have the faith and trust that eral children is not confined to the per thousand of population. In 1941, the Lord will provide the means for

children. Parents are perhaps equalin the United States the births did obeying His law.

ly benefited. Parents who have chilnot quite equal the deaths; while in It is a matter of satisfaction that

dren show their willingness to acJapan the births exceeded the deaths among Latterday Saints the birthcept obligations of good citizenship. by onehalf. Time (Sept. 14) rerate continues to be high (thirtyThey have faith in the future. They ports that Great Britain has a million three per thousand while the death

dare to continue the race. They are and a half fewer babies, and a milrate is only 5.5 per thousand). But

not ashamed to perpetuate themlion and a half more pet dogs than at let us beware, lest we fall into evil selves. Thereby they win strength to the time of the Boer War. If there is habits.—/. A. W.

perform other duties of life. Besides, no change, they whom we are inin the rearing of children there is real clined to call semicivilized or bardevelopment of father and mother, a barians will take over the earth. The Answers to Bible Questions

development which can be won in no survival of our civilization may yet (Questions found on page 805) other way. There is also a supreme depend on an increasing birthrate in 1. Bethany. (Matthew 26:6)

satisfaction in presenting men and the nations which have made that 2. Capernaum. (Matthew 11:23)

women, sons and daughters, to the civilization possible. 3. The Roman. (Luke 2:1)

coming age, to carry on the work of Latterday Saints take literally 4. Fear God and keep His commandments. to the first of the Lord commandthe lives in the parent world. Every on 5. A brother(Ecclesiastesoffended.12:13)( Proverbs 1 8 the replenish "Multiply couple: andhis all descendants. is the joy Above

19) is of marthe purpose earth."That life.of family Father, mother, and 6. Kings His mantle. 2:13) (2 or than one riage more means andchildren, at perhaps grandchildren, ( Prov- 7. of the Lord. blessings The that understand two children. table,the at play, or in family counWe erbs 10:22)

cils, share in divine satisfactions. It hosts of waiting spirits desire to 8. Through Elisha he multiplied the

has been so ordained that the family come on earth through our lineage. widow's oil. (2 Kings 4:4-7)

comes nearest to the heavenly patWe know that the family is the unit 9. Job 38:7.

of heavenly society; and that the 10. The coming of Elijah, and thetern in organization and joys. And,

these joys continue into old age. greatest gift of God is to give His turning of the hearts of the fathers to

Loneliness is banished. The childless children the opportunity of continuthe children. (Malachi 4:5, 6)

couple miss much in life; and as the

years move on the sense of loss becomes keener. most imThe finest,

portant, institution and happiest on THE RESURRECTION earth is the family, composed of fa- (Concluded [com page 829) The Lord declared through the ther, mother, and children. These creatures were not responsible Prophet that "the spirit of man is in

The future of the state and of the for death coming into the world any the likeness of his person, as also race depends upon the willingness more than we were, and since they the spirit of the beast, and every of its citizens to beget and rear chilhave been created by the Father, other creature which God has credren without artificial interference. they are entitled to their redemption ated."(D. & C. 77:2) Is there

During the last centuries mankind and eternal duration. The earth itany living creature that God has not

has learned much. The comforts and self shall be changed from its mormade? If so, the power of creation

blessings in every modest home surtal body, for it too is a living thing has gone out of His hands. He is

pass those of the emperors of old. now under the curse of death and it supreme, and all life is from Him,

Who shall inherit these gifts and the "abideth the law of a celestial kingHis gift to every creature. It has

of filleth the measure before has gone dom, for it its been in what shown inothers of process making?—Our the not transgresseth purified, the and that the body, will be ifchildren, course, of we have any, creation,

it shall be sanctisame body which shall rise in itsand if they are numerous enough to law—wherefore,

claim consideration. It is a cruel fact, fied; yea, notwithstanding it shall "perfect form,"and so we read:

to which we must give heed, that die, it shall be quickened again, and is it shall the the come, end heaven and And the power by which shall abidethose to most highly enjoy prepared shall earth the pass and consumed be and inshall righteous the and a quickened, advance our civilizationand have shall there and and heaven be away, a new 88:2526) C. it. (D. herit & birthrate;decreasing those while of earth. a new

lesser training, or perhaps inferior "I know that, whatsoever God For all old things shall pass away, and gifts, continue fruitful. Many a coldoeth,"we read in the scriptures, all things shall become new, even the heavall earth, thereof, the fulness the en and and for be can ever: nothing "it shall classlege be of picked men and women

the beasts, the air, fowls of and both men it."to it, taken from anything after century nor graduation half a have put sea; fishes of the the and

fewer children than the original ( Eccl. 3:14) We know that all these And not one hair, neither mote, shall be

number of the class. It takes more creatures are animated by the spirit lost, for it is the workmanship of mine hand.

than two children to keep the popuwhich is in them, just as man is. (D. & C. 29:2325)

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY ALIENS DON'T COUNT

it slang fore to the right coming "Billy, army now, be Teacher: man?"may who was the first WITH

is Washington. to point that there wise surer was first in war, first Billy: "George dating out of He no way

oneself than by falling into the careless acceptance of slang, in peace and first in the hearts of his countrymen."

which rapidly loses its picturesque value, leaving its user either Teacher: "No, Billy. Adam was the first man."

with an inadequate vocabulary, or with an outdated, little underBilly: "Oh, well, if you want to drag in foreigners."

stood jargon.

<$ HE'LL FIND OUT Kapaa, Kanai, T, H.

Gentlemen: Mary: "I can't marry Jack, Mother. He's an atheist, and

few months ago we introduced into our mission a new doesn't believe there is a hell."

him, Mother: "Marry my dear, and between us we'll conlending library. missionaries along with We A idea—a he's vince wrong."him that mission president, President our and others C. Jensen, Jay

of our members donated books for the supplying of it, and it has become a remarkable success. Among the most popular LITERAL TRANSLATION

is little the realized the success that Era. books we We letters soldiers eagerly reading from home. were SudTwo

with. handful would of meet only a have members As we Bill shout. denly a gave

it investigators, but a lot real of converting has a become pink!"exclaimed. son's three feet!""Strike he got me "My

inInvestigators, find agent. the well as as members, Era it!"possible."retorted ''Taint "Chuck Tom.

teresting. Bill. 'ere."''Strue!"said missus what "See says my

to usually arrival for for the a or have so wait month We letter to the read: won't handed Tom, "You know He who

copies, just of our but the enjoy them same. we little foot."He's another now. grown Johnny

Sincerely, Elder Jay P. Merkley. THEN HE GOT BUSY *

Smithson: "How long have you worked in that office?"

to fire me."TheOsierstoryif alcoholis told madethat someonepeople dooncethingsaskedbetter.Sir William Greene: "Since they threatened

replied the Prince "No,"less doing of them ashamed badly."—Chicagoof Physicians, "itTribune.just makesSource:one Teacher: "You don't SUREknow TESTwhat the word mirror means? 1942. August, Fact Digest

After you've washed what do you look at to see if your face # is clean?"

Dear Editors: Tommy: "The towel."

of writers I'm of a small workshoppy group a member here MAY HAVE LIT RUNNING in town. neckof-theEdith Cherrington your who came from

woods was once a member. I really think she would have made Daughter: "When you refused Henry did he look crest-

a name for herself in poetry, had she lived. Another member fallen?"

is Ruth Aston. You published a Ruth Aston story... was Father: "I don't know, I didn't notice where he fell."

it last month? Or this? Anyway she brought the copy of

last to our meeting and Improvement Era Monday night we PATRIOT

I story. the illustration thought enjoyed Ruth's with it was

quite bigtime looking and wished it could have garnished a A man was arrested by the Gestapo for muttering to himself.

story of mine. I think Edith (Cherry, as we called her) CherHe denied expressing antiNazi thoughts.

rington introduced your magazine to us, and it is only one of the "On the contrary,"he said, "I'm out of work and I was only telling myself I'd much rather work for 10,000 Germans than for things grateful to her. which many we remain

one Englishman."this finds well everything Hoping and your magafor with you

zine, Mollified, the officers offered to help him find a job. His proDorothy Marie Davis fession? "A gravedigger."

ROGER WILLIAMS AND TRUMAN O. ANGELL CAN'T YOU COME IN?

Doc Robinson: "You don't need to open your mouth so wide.

Since the October Era carried articles about both Truman O. I'm going to stand outside."

Builder,"and Angell Roger Williams p. 630) ("The ("A WHY? (Laura p. Angell) King Outlaw,"William Noble 622), i Mrs.

first ancestor in America, us that reminds Truman's Thomas should a traffic cop, after winning a swell race, seem Why Angell, contemporary Williams and shared of Roger a was it? with so mad about

interesting experiences. him several

Both Thomas Angell and Roger Williams came to America SO BIG in the ship England. from from Lion were expelled They

to train for the Customer: a toy "I want buy my little boy."together Puritan colony four Massachusetts with and Bay

sir. floor, Floorwalker: hobbies.""Next Men's the later plantation other Providence founded (1636), men

Contributed by Miss Smith, Elena LaVerne Island. as Providence, In their Rhode known new settlement

Stake. Beach Long Fullerton Ward, steps to separate took the first the church these men and the

state. On August 20, 1637, they declared that they would

"make laws subject to the majority"in civil things only. NO TURNING INSIDE OUT

infour Angell with and men associated Williams The other (measuring Tailor Scotsman for a suit of clothes): "And how

(ancestor Harris of cluded Harris of early William Martin sir?"like the pockets, would you

Mormon history), John Smith, the miller, Francis Wickes, and McTavish: "Well, just a wee bit difficult to get at."

Joshua Verin.

it is diaries, learned, O. Angell's three Truman From says HIGH SPEED that (his granddaughter), King Mrs. the Angell Williams and

families intermarried considerably. Other prominent relatives Jones: "Did they take an X-ray of your wife's jaw at the

of the temple architect include James B. Angell, president of hospital?"

Ann Arbor, and his son James Roland Angell, now president Smith: "They tried to, but the only thing they could get was

emeritus of Yale. a motion picture."

SALT LAKE CITY

'*v ffi:-,.,.'Y.

The multicolored Holiday Sights may Be blackedout over most of, the world this year; but Christmas will not be forfcjOtterT

... even in those nations crushed under

the dictators* heels. In America this year

we will sing our trad old carols just a bit louder.,, fseouse we will be singfng

them for.Christian peoples in all parts of

* '.'the world... V

Thrift and a plan for security are also a part;pOhe.:me;rscan,wa'| Irsvesf wisely

for your {UfujPe; Rei er: moHey invested in (Ifinsurance does double duty..

It provides needed m m< r? benefits and

also aids in financing ar*effort.

,sVl.t l '-'a:%: e t; t''-: u; t;a'I

IHBfliBraHBBafflgaBBil

ar fdU