/ Sfmprove,nt&ti

Facing Life

By DR. ADAM S. BENNION

<2>Sy9

An Epidemic of Happiness By KENYON WADE

Essentials of Public Speaking By DR. A. F. BLANKS

Without Malice

By IDA STEWART PEAY

Bfeto

mmmmmgmm

U. S. POSTAGE

2c PAID HOW BEAUTIFUL THE WORLD

Salt Lake City, Utah Permit No. 325

-—-J------ J--*--*--*--*--*--*--*--*----*-

VJive him a

':--'healthier

and happier start

j j&aiste *&Hf

**?$0

*0mmk "PSs*;

children deserve the best start in life That's one of the unequalled advantages brought dependable, health 1*YOURgood health—which is so dependent upon a to you by Natural Gas. Clean,

uniform temperature in the home, and clean promoting warmth that's surprisingly economical!

pure air to breathe. If the health and comfort and conveniences of

Natural Gas, the clean, modern fuel, banishes the your family take precedence over all other matters, clouds of smoke so the sunshine can reach your come in and learn what Natural Gas will do for home. Better health follows the sun. Remember you. You'll be pleasantly surprised at the moderate

sunshine makes the son shine (and the daughter, cost. With our large force of expert installation

too, of course!) And uniform warmth all over men it takes but a few hours to change over to

the house, at all hours of the day, eliminates one Natural Gas. A skilled crew start work in the

have automatic heat the same eveof the most prevalent causes of "colds"and winter morning—you

illness. ning if you act now!

Smokeless Ashless and Dustless—Stokeless and

6- COKE GAS UTAH Salt City Serving Lake CO. WASATCHSeTVl KAYSVILLE IAYTONGASFARMINSTONCO.

CENTERV1LLE MAGNA'MURRAY GARFIELD GAS OGDEN SANDY MORGAN COMPANY BOUNTIFULTOOELEMIDVALE Serving Ogdea

w *m * k The Improvement Era for February, 1931 185

FORECAST THE article, "In the Realm of jhemprovemeirt

Literature,"which appeared in the January number has done Melvin J. Ballard Clarissa A. Beesley

Associate Business Manager what we hoped it would do—Business Manager—ERA"

aroused considerable controversy. George Q. Morris

Dr. J. H. Paul, well known to Rachel Grant Taylor

our readers as a vigorous writer, Chairmen Era and Publicity will have something on this subject in the March number. Watch Priesthood Organ the Quorums, Mutual of the Improvement for his article, the "Has Desert Associations and the Department Education the Church of of Failed to Blossom?"Christ Jesus Saints of of Latterday

TS7HAT do you know about the bloodless revolution in CONTENTS

India? About Mahatma Gandhi, Title Page

or the reasons why a tax on salt Editorialshas thrown a nation of more than Our Missionary System; A Worthy, But Not Unusual, Example;

three hundred million people into The Spirit Which Makes "Mormonism"Virile

J. Hugh 187 Cannon turmoil? native East Indian, A Remembering Elsie T. Brandley 188 Daljit Sadaria, Singh in this counComforting Manifestations President J. Heber Grant 189

try to take his master's degree from Thoughts On Marriage George F. Richards 190

Harvard, treats this subject in an Through Memory's Halls (Book Review) Editors 191

Without Malice (A Narration), Ida Stewart Peay 192 illuminating manner. His article

Facing Life S. Bennton 194 Dr. Adam will appear in the next number. Poetry 196

Today LaRene King Bleecker His Handiwork Linnie Fisher Robinson Utahns Utah? Tucked know Alone Ida HO R. Alldredge in different sections of away Valentines L.

the state are spots of interest great Afterglow Margaret E.F. SmithFlack

enough to lure from other parts Roads Grace Ingles Frost of the country investigators of Life Claire Stewart Boyer in the Back Rockies Home Hart. Mark prominence. Charles L. Bernheimer Foods for Health for (Foods Happiness) R. Adah Naylor 197 of the American of Museum God's Fatherly Mercy and Love J. Percy Goddard

Natural History, sometimes acAn Epidemic of Happiness Kenyon Wade 200198 companied by Earl H. Morris, Expatriation (Chapter Seven) Hugh J. Cannon 202

Communion (A Ingles Frost 204 archaeologist instituof the same Essentials of Public F. Blanks 205 Poem)Speaking—II The Speech Dr. AnthonyGrace tion, trips western has made many Story) Short Values (A S. Linda Fletcher 208

for the purpose of exploring cliffs The Measure of a Life (A Poem) Kenyon Wade 211 and caves of the San Juan country. Joseph Smith—A Modern American Prophet John Henry Evans 213

Many interesting things have been If Joseph Came (A Poem) Anna Musser 215

. Rear Seat Driving S. Dr. Franklin Harris 216 unearthed these explorathrough Psychology of Faith;. p, J,oseph Jensen 217 tions, issue and of the the March States Northwestern.: Mission Jos. H. Page "Era"will contain\an article, well To the Ends of the Western Hemisphere Earl J. Glade 222221

illustrated, on this subject. Valentine (A Poem): Mary Hale Wootsey 223

Tragedies of Youth Mrs. Nestor Noel 224

"VTOT many babies are fortunate PriesthoodIf I Can't GoQuorumsAway On a Vacation Margaret C. Moloney 225226 *; enough to have their photo Success in Ward Priesthood Meetings

taken, with their parents, four Lesson Books for Lesser Priesthood grandparents, and eight great MutualFieldMessagesNotes grandparents. picture of A such Executive lI.-ii. J Department 227

a rare group, all peowell-known Community Activity Department 228 ple in the community, will appear Adul t Department 230 in our next number. Gleaner Girls Department 231

Junior Girls Department, 233 VanguardScouts Department 234 "Essentials of BeeHive Girls Department 235 **"A REPublicyou Speaking"reading by Dr. Anthony F. Blanks? In this comEntered at the Office, Post Salt City, Lake Utah, as secondclass matter. munity where every and man woAcceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 able to arise to be man is expected Act of October, 1917, authorized 2, July 1918.

and give for a reason the hope Manuscripts submitted without the statement, rates,""At usual are conthat it is within them, is highly sidered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially

important that the essentials of requested, will be destroyed.

speaking be understood and pracPublished monthly at Salt Lake City by the M. I. A. General Boards;

ticed. Four articles altogether will $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

comprise this series.

WM. R. GIBBS LULA HAUSER Floyd E. Tibbetts

Y. M. M. I. A. Era Director Y. L. M. I. A. Era Director Y. M. M. I. A. Director

Lyman Stake Benson Stake Benson Stake

Jm WBk. The Awakening of a

Testimony Lyman stake reported the largest increase in the percentage of its quota from December 8 to January 1, with 25% increase. Star

Valley is second, with a 16% increase; Shelley and Benson are tied

; and Gunnison and for third, with 15 %; Uintah is 4th, with 14%

Wasatch are tied for 5 th with 13%.

Benson Stake is first, in the greatest number of subscriptions for the period, with 78. Liberty is second, with 70; Ogden, third, with

56; Grant, fourth, with 53; and Utah, fifth, with 52.

. >. importance of the Book of Morof their Era quota. Directors

J. James Margaret SulLyle Englestead and Homer was organ a missionary as Director mon Era M. Y. L. con- "Wonderful livan wired: the forcibly upon very impressed Stake LymanI. A- in resulted Era tents of December something time that Since elders.

Zion over top in drive putting been carhas this importance to of that have JedINCIDENTS Stake."Park Improvement to the also ried over testimony a of an awakening

It the Era. Improvement Read provides an magazine Era. This Gosthe of the truth of

pel stand out in the lives of every intimate contact between the will increase your testimony. Put

it children in the and way of your the of the leaders reader and Saint.Latterday An experience

It friends. neighbors of and your the of messages It carries Church. observais recalled that came under

tion in the Southern States misutmost importance to the Priestwill awaken theirs.

sion. It began with the purchase hood and the Mutual workers. It

stories interesting filled is with a womby a of Mormonof Book of Having 100% for Stakes articles faithpromoting and that was meeting a cottage afteran Jan. Their Era Quota Church. of our people the young thickly settled, sparsely a inheld

wooded section of Southern AlaPresident Grant is reported re- 1, 1931 1 5 8bama. cently to have said that children Union

131 Franklin Improvethe where homes from elders trip of the next During 1 2 3 Moapa likely to are more is read Era six ment country the of part thatthrough 115 San Juan Latterday faithful to be up grow applied later, this 113 Teton womanmonths for baptism. She had simply read Saints. Pocatello 11

108 Alpine It is missionary splendid this a testiand ofthe Mormon Book 108 Zion Park incentive the that furnishes the Gosservice truth of the ofmony 1 04 Yellowstone pel had been given her. This wofor our workers in the stakes and Montpelier 1 3

man died before she herself could wards to roll up new records St. Joseph 102

101 Hyrum after the throughout of month because her month baptized, butbe 1 Cache: the of distribution the year in work, many good and herexample

other people were baptized and a Improvement Era. During the (Kolob, Curlew and Fremont stakes

small branch of the Church was past month, Hyrum, Yellowstone, reachedMaricopatheirstakequotaswiredby theyJanuaryare also10.

established in that vicinity. Cache, St. Joseph, Curlew, and over.)

Because of this experience, the Raft River stakes reported 100%

Hugh J. Cannon Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

Our Missionary System pathof themthat andleadsshowto lifethemeternal."that straight and narrow

TF this work were not true, our missionary system -* would destroy it in a very short time."This

President expressed Heber J. Grantthought was by

a serious considerationin a recent of CA Worthy, But Not sermon, and the; that conviction will subject bringthe it jis Unusual, Example true.literally of thousands of men, young Tens

and old, have gone out into the world to expound the doctrines of the Church. It is almost universally "hJOT long ago on a Sunday evening, "about 8:30

conceded that their motives in thus going are honest o'clock, a member of the Church, returning and that they are sincere in their efforts. If this from Sacrament meeting, accosted an acquaintance

is true, it is inconceivable that they would at their delivering milk. The man had been delayed through

own expense and with no hope of earthly gain trouble with his truck and was much later than disseminate an imposture. Being reasonably intelusual in finishing his work. The weather was exligent, it is equally inconceivable that they would tremely cold and unpleasant, but the milkman was

not discover the first appearance of falsehood in their cheerful. During the conversation which ensued,

pretensions, and, as honest men, expose the fraud. it developed that this hardworking man, himself

Many of these missionaries are college graduates a convert from England, had filled a shortterm miswho have learned how to analyze a situation, to sion and had kept four boys in the mission field, make comparisons, and to reach logical conclusions. two of his own sons and two of his neighbor's. Not

They have learned to do their own thinking and only that, he had spent much time in doing temple to think things through. Marvelous opportunities work for the dead, than which no more unselfish

are given them to compare "Mormonism"with other labor can be found.

systems. Missionaries of this Church meet ministers He terminated the brief conversation with a stateand laity, teachers and students, leaders and followment something like this:

ers. They meet trained opponents whose arguments "If joy and happiness could be measured with

must be answered. a yardstick, I would be willing to wager that no

In view of these facts, it would seem the charge man in the world who is spending his money in that our representatives are deluded must be dis- a search for those things has them in the degree missed. I have through sending missionaries into the field."

Some people, of course, doubt their sincerity, but can these doubters suggest a reason why men leave home and loved ones, spend time, means, and energy in promoting a fraud without any possible chance QThe Spirit Which Makesfor gain?

tt are President observations this subject Grant's on "Mormonism Virihshared Saints. Latterday rank and file of by the

He says: A Few years ago a Church member called on a

"I have never investigated beyond my own ex- *H friend to condole with him upon the loss of his perience in life, but I know of no single missionary wife. The bereaved one was a poor man. His

who has gone out into the world, not one, who has own health was far from good; he was confronted

been converted to any other religion and come home with hospital, doctor, and funeral expenses; he had

to announce that this Gospel of Jesus Christ is two sons laboring as missionaries in Europe at a not true. But by the hundreds and thousands, cost for the two of about $60 monthly; but when

during my life, I have heard the testimonies of the asked the question as to whether or not he would young men and the young women who have gone request the release of his boys, he answered:

out to proclaim this Gospel returning from their "No; almost the last words my wife spoke were

missionary work and bearing witness that they had that our sons must remain in the field until their misan increased knowledge of the divinity of this work, sions are finished. I would not think of having

that their testimonies had been strengthened. Think them come home sooner."

of it! What a wonderful miracle it is that with this This man in his younger days had filled a mission

'false'prophet and these 'purported'revelations abroad and had been an active worker in the various our young inexperienced members of the Church go organizations at home during all his life. He had

out and come in contact with all the education, all learned from personal experience the great truth that the learning, and all the faiths of the world, and we love that for which we labor.

yet the churches have not been able to convert any—H. J. C.

188 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

(Remembering "For"Rosesthe andStrengthTillies,"of the"O,Hills,"Bright"TheSmilingSongsMorn,"of the Seraphs,"

Sentiments true from the heart of the poet, f\CTOBER, 1930, marked the passing of one of Melodies sweet from his genius, newborn.

call, last the children, the with gone he has has heard He of the great truly men the Church—Evan the millions for to his come; songs Leaving his asrecalled to the manyStephens, and

children to the sing with with him them Taking

J. McClellan.sociation another with the Heavenly music Home. with Flooding occasionmusician—John

These two men are irrevocably linked in the musical history of the Church, and in the memories and hearts John J. McClellan, who presided at the Taberof the people who loved them and were inspired by nacle organ during many of the years in which Evan

the beauty of the harmonies which came into their Stephens was conductor of the choir, was known lives through them. and admired for his fine musicianship, and will ever

Born in a small hamlet in the south of Wales, be appreciated for the great cultural contribution he the tenth child of Latterday Saint parents, the life made to Utah and the west. A man of rarely delicate

of Evan Stephens might be regarded as a tithe offered sensibilities, he seemed to put into his music much of the Church, for the greater part of his years and the refinement and loftiness of his nature. His best

talent was given to it. Coming to Utah in 1866 he friends said of him that his very conversation was

settled with his parents in Willard, Box Elder chaste, with unclean words never passing his lips.

a contacts, yet there personal and was made fewer section carrier and shoveler, hod a snowitself—asCounty, where he worked at whatever presented More retiring, perhaps, than his colleague, he forth sent in the he message element from choir personal music. in his heart was everforeman; but A

in the little town gave him outlet for his boundless the great organ, and that message reached the heartsmusical energy, and the results soon proved his ability of this listeners—as though the soul of the man

and sincerity. Gradually getting deeper and deeper spoke through his instrument. His was a great gift,

into musical activities he was presently giving priand great was the use he made of it. Devoted in

vate lessons, and conducting singing classes for his service to the Church, he proclaimed its truths groups of different ages. His work with children again and again in the "Mormon"hymns which he

has always been considered especially phenomenal. played so gloriously, and many strangers and skeptics,

Something there was in the man which gave him entering the portals of the great "Mormon"taberpower to impart to those with whom he came in nacle to scoff, left with bowed heads and with contact some of his enthusiasm and perseverance, hearts filled with awe. McClellan's music had done

and under his direction glee clubs, opera organizafor them what nothing else had ever done.

tions, choirs and choruses have reached heights of From Wisconsin has come a poem written in success. His superb accomplishments with the Taberhis memory, by Flora E. Lowry. She tails it "A

nacle Choir will never be forgotten, and into the souls Tardy Tribute,"and says:

under- a joyous came worked heof whom many with which for uplift its power and of musicstanding will TreadThe organistsoftly downwe laytheaway;aisles today,

dwell with them always. Through many years his finger tips

Have helped us worship with our lips. President Joseph Smith said of him: "—so long

as we can preserve with us Brother Stephens and Today the organ shall be mute others of his associates who are engaged in this Where could we find a substitute it played alway? play as he chilTo and to adults music of teachingglorious work

stilled shall no, it today. be No, increase will the musical love for anddren, a desire

in the midst of our people;"and Squire Coop, What piety, fidelity,

himself a musician of note, once made the statement This man of music did display;

blind we, poor foolish folk the And and lifting in succeeded had Stephensthat Evan love, of so spoke. seldom To him, unmusical plane of higher to aentire community

derstanding and appreciation than it had known He gave unsparingly to all, before. He answered music's every call;

grief pleasure, and through praise and the Through material of which of the part a was Music so us in many ways. He helped gift was his great coupled with and made, wasman

the determination and will to let his music outbalance Tread softly down the aisles I pray.

every unpleasant element in his life. The melodious The organist we lay away;

silence church today in our and in With his soul, thrilled sound of blendedharmonies tribute we pay. now A tardy unwritten hear and capture the gift toturn his was

melodies to thrill and inspire others. John J. McClellan and Evan Stephens no longer

A little poem from the pen of Lucy Russell Scott gather in congregations to join in worship; they no

speaks for all who knew and loved the man and his longer wring from the organ mellow tones, nor lead music:, little children in harmonious carolling; but it cannot

be said that they are gone, for the melodies which organ, of the shade the in flowers in Resting still singing at their bidding are burst forth once tears; vision through service his we of Hours of the the universe. Because around and echoing watching him, above him. and over him 'Round

Are crowding the children, from back through the years. lives and labors of (two men, the lives of countless

others have been made happier, and their labors his anthems, singing and starryeyed, Whiterobed they lighter. wherever to them, thanks now Our

to sing, taught them he whichsongs Singing the are. are that wherever they sure we And may be. falling rising and sweetly, Tenderly,

Come the clear tones with their rhythmical swing. there music is. E. T. B.

\r% /a—Vol.PThe3442—No. 4/Jmproveinent FEBRUARY, 1931 llMF\——cIE

Comforting, Manifestations

one occasion I Excerpts from Funeral Sermon labor in the temples when

-UPONheard Apostle Mardelivered recently the? were comPleted

riner W. Merrill say This reconciled Brother

felt he rebellious almost his oldestwhen son was by ble,Woodruffthoughto previouslythe inexplicahe taken from him by death in PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT COuld not feel satisfied re-

t h e v i g o r of manhood. garding the loss of that boy.

Brother Merrill was spendHe said: "I had lived in

ing his time in the Logan Temple, and sent east to the Centennial hopes that this boy would some day

He had a large family and this son Exposition, of a dozen boys, or follow me. He was more brilliant

had charge of a mercantile busiit may have been two dozen, and than I am, and I hoped he might ness belonging to his father and a dozen girls. You know those some jay be one of the Apostles

the family He also had sevwho are opposed to us say that of the Lord Jesus Christ, and it eral good farms and this son in plural marriage the stock runs was a terrible shock to me when handled all of his father's afout intellectually, physically and jje died. But I shall never cease to

fairs, a man of great executive morally. And these boys and be grateful to the Lord for giving

ability. Brother Merrill said that girls were "horrible examples"of me a special manifestation to the

while sitting in his house upon the products of plural marriage, efject t jjat my boy had gone where one occasion, almost rebellious in of which I was the most "horfa was needed more than he was his feelings because this boy's life rible,"being the last son of the needed here."

was not spared to him and that last wife. One of the boys in

sufficient faith had not been exthat picture was Brigham Wood- - TTTriT. t young men Wm XEercised finest, in administering to one of the brightest him ruff,

I think, who were as intimate,while sick, he heard his son's voice I ever and choicest boys knew.

as clearly as he had ever heard it Brother Woodruff said that all the as *?* three young men who ever

could be were Heber - They alive,while he life said, his was he and days of he had acknowl-? Grant, L. and Young it is "Father, very displeasing to the of edged in the hand Lord rd Young. Feramorz lc<?? W*Feramorzour Father Heavenly for to everything you which to had come him 1 ast the had b eenbe over death. mourning death, joy, I—life, remorse, anymy - V been and A\n$had graduated with honexactly the where wants thing Lord andam everything—until he

or the Polytechnic InTroy.s from to be that lost and doingme his this boy. work He said when

a mission to wen t onis far te 'the*u of greater importance felt althan he sJ,ltu son Brigham drowned 1 the work I would have done had most rebellious about it. Finally Mexico, where he died and was

the Gulf f Mexico - TtI remained on earth. It is for the Lord was good enough to give b.uned m

a strange me be reconciled to the fact toyou to a efmanifestation to the him a/WayS all the thatu seemfda boy towith eduthat feet in Father that I am to he do thing where my had a great work

Heaven wants me to be."here—that is, Brother Woodruff catl? e had, who had made a

success wonderful taken should be the as temples as they soon said Merrill Brother—in course of

f the time At he was m wereafter he did completed—and that regrets work he or had no?m they wer a teaching that sch,o1 in the temples assistance the withrebellious feelings in his reheart "teXt m.e ** his of friends for his thousands the ofgarding taking his of away T*a been had worked out wrong, ancestors died a booksTVau hadson. without who made explanation of the Gospel. knowledge was *1S He an *he/.t book told (I the by have Lord *W hearingT Wilford REMEMBER pastedj wheth uff say ne.n Wo.dr ccasion *, * f; actual r r TjtToni i\i an that by voice)wa\ setthatu his uheart he.had orgotr upon this zn&wet Fefa ttforQt QJ duaJ his son Brigham, a young man boy of his was needed on the with great honors alon mathe

about my own age. We were other side to carry the Gospel to matical lines, but he went into this

schoolmates as youngsters. Away his relatives for whom Brother thing very carefully and showed

back in 1876 a picture was taken Woodruff was to do the vicarious that the professors who had made 190 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

girls of finest, kind choicest noblest, the Fera alive Young."that correction boy wasthe themwere wrong She lived. that ever and young women theselves wrote Fera that who and the man think not Young I do Salt city Lake of this to has come me in

book was right. This gave him in his life ever listened to an unon three separate occasions at night in

a very high reputation as a mathclean story. If anyone started to dreams, and has given me this informaof the date birth, of her tion: the date for the to fightematician. excuse had He tell a story would he such she is necessary, all that and her death,

all its the doctrines IChurch and away. himself and walk temple; and in the a record for never says,

time he was in the East. We heard an unchaste word uttered she has told me that your son, Feramorz

that in her, and converted has L. Young, marriage, practicing pluralwere clean, a ever If there was him. by

has proposed he her converting to of writtenand he a number had pure absolutely sweet, young man addition to to go her. you to 'I want marriage

principle.articles defending that that young earth, the he was upon this informaher give and Mrs. Young

He was a product of plural marman. tion and vouch for my honesty, virtue,

the life, have upright and integrity and I inriage himself, he and knew said his died mother he When married have and for me done me work order enter to that intotended

L. or a son, Feramorz her to not eternity could remember she word for for talked marriage, heof had Young.'life his that of act or thought

it. Iseriously about with me least the sorrow her bring would visited Mrs. who woman 'THIS faith that his andthought with

is a uneasiness. or There many * believe said: "I not do Young all intheknowledge, with and say might perhaps mother who it, last time a but of word it gained, he hadformation was usualson, but thing her of a such this of friend mine lay (his totoo he had bad down thecame—which exif without the ly who man said, third the waslife service. in the Lord's while time—she intimate the ception most was City is Salt in Lake 'There nobody dearest nearest of and One my his boythat from son friend of for can vouch and knows me who infriends G. Horace boyhood was

his to death time of the up hood the only are you. except You me aWhitney. Horace dream had

'he tell Everything knew should I in Salt that individual knowafter died the in Fera which two 'say could not the of mother him further said City.'She Lake asked a conversation. Horacehad

say not could mother My furnish can to Mrs. Young: "I he was doing, and rethat.him what told her others what me, if that of wish you may any references youceived this reply:

I did as a youngster, but I could regarding my character, from the "I am here working, Horace, with the say it of Feramorz Young. place where I formerly lived. The

girls the of boys Church, andwayward it, are drifting and away from I amwho the YW"HAT in the providence of lastto metimeshethissaid,young'Youwomanmight camejust hearts their trying to turn to back truth. That is my calling, and it is of * the Lord is the result? Feraas well go to Mrs. Young and

far greater importance than it would morz L. Young, through a special give her this information, because

to remain beenhave upon for me most the manifestation, has had two I come, to come, and going am influence earth. a great I have with to sealed him. it.''until beautiful women do you come, and Andthem."

A woman came to Sister Young, the woman continued, "I just can-

T REMEMBER relating this to his mother, with photographs of not bear to have her come again;

* one of my wayward brothers one of this lady's near and dear it is so uncanny, and I do not who subsequently joined the friends, a very beautiful woman, believe a thing of it."

Church after being out of it for and said: This beautiful girl was sealed to

and I Brother Young, am consaid: years, very he and many Mrs. Young, "Now, lost friend vinced that my dear if there "Well, on earth boy was a of a thing what I am goingI do tonottellbelieveyou.

whom I respected when he was This girl friend of mine was one of nothing by dying in his youth.

i<K*eiVaD

Thoughts on Marriage From Address Delivered at April Conference, 1924

By GEORGE F. RICHARDS, President of the Salt Lake Temple

'THERE are two kinds of markeys, the president of the Church, Prophet Joseph Smith and Oliver - riages particularly taken note delegates this authority to man to Cowdery, in the spring of 1829, of in the statistics of the Church; seal on earth and it shall be sealed * * * and conferred that authorone we call temple marriage, and in heaven, for he has received this ity upon them, and they in turn

the other civil marriage. Temple authority and has the right to delehave conferred it upon others. So

marriages, however, are civil margate it to those who are worthy, as these marriages in the temples are riages in that they comply with all he may elect. performed by those who have been

the requirements of the civil law; We read in Matthew 18:18 the thus authorized to speak for the

but temple marriages have other following: "Whatsoever ye shall Lord, and the individuals contractimportant elements in them that bind on earth shall be bound in ing marriage under these circumthe civil marriage, performed outheaven: and whatsoever ye shall stances covenant solemnly with

side of the temples, have not. For loose on earth shall be loosed in each other to be husband and wife

instance, the individual solemnizheaven."for time and for all eternity, as

ing these temple marriages must They who held that sealing and contrasted with the civil marriage have authority. He who holds the loosing power anciently visited the covenant "until death do them

.

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 191 part."Civil marriages, after all, be able to live together happily or want the parents to use their inare, we might say, but trial marnot."That represents, I fear, the fluence to have their children marry

riages; it would seem so from the feeling of too many men and and let them marry young, when

fact that there are so many of our women who enter into these the spirit of courtship and marriage

Church members who accept of a solemn obligations of marriage is upon them, and then we want civil marriage ceremony before outside the Church, as compared them, of course, to marry in the coming to the temple, and then later with those who marry with the Church, in the right way; and

come to the temple to be sealed, thought of never separating, of when they are married they should

I remember on one occasion making themselves congenial, fulfil the law which God has given, a prominent nonmember of the yielding here and there where it to multiply and replenish the earth.

Church requested me to perform is necessary. That is the thing which many, I

the marriage ceremony for him. Then there is one other thought feel, are not doing today, to the

He was about to marry a beautiful that I want to leave with you; full, and it is my firm conviction

woman, but before the ceremony brethren and sisters, we want our that the time will come when those was performed he called me to one people to marry. It would be a who are not doing their full duty

side and said: "Now. Mr. Richserious thing in my family if I had will know the loss which they arr

ards, don't make this too solid. a son or a daughter that should sustaining, and it will be hell and

We don't know whether we will grow up without marrying. We torment to many of them.

*)<K?Gp\Ot—-*

as told by Himself Through cMemory's Halls OrsonThe LifeF. WhitneyStory of

rTTHE editors of the Era have Richard L. Carey completes the the incidents of your life which are faassociation with to miliar long from me pleasure reading the of volume. had

.events other I knew you and many

this latest of Utah's of one work have could about. you The work, as a mechanical pronothing How

most versatile writers. The charmduct of Zion's Printing and Pubmastered so prodigious a test of memory

detail it set entrancing such and down in theing frankness which with lishing Company, Independence,

I here an fathom. Yet cannot deinto goes the ofauthor many is Missouri, clearly printed and to excellent with came volume which it meis in

it a pleasure his life tails of makes handsomely bound, a for compliments. having your

for the reader to accompany him, frontispiece a central portrait of "Sentiment, pathos, humor, all abound excellence of the because book, is and your laid aside the withand book reBishop (for Whitney Bishop diction, and, its morecomposition and he inof trivial luctance. in Incidents thembe called) will always after an narrative the of threads over, the because

in- a in so are selves told manner earthly yourself experience and closely are so about of seventyfive woven teresting as to make delightful years, fiftyfour of which have my dearest friends of long ago, I am not its peruenthralled delighted but only by example, the auas been spent a preacher teachandreading—for sal. fish he account of the firstthor's er of the Gospel, tongue both by of is needless to "It proud say I am a speckled beauty andever caught, I offer affection, friendship and pen. large and the and your Surrounding

entire the taken the one by only the for thanks profound most you my portrait, is beneath the auwhich get. I to expect present best Christmas says: that day. "Goinggroup He thor's are autograph, smaller six friends if other that your Let add me I discov- a night, that madehome portraits,,the subject presenting your pleasure of as genuine out get much

fit."didn't hat

I feel life's as should amply do, story you a child years, four ofery—my (1) As (2)

inlofty too, finds, and One for trouble expense the and compensated actor, a an amateur As As (3) it cost you. a have in clothed must sentiments, spiring missionary, a young (4) Ward As ever, "As their of style has made which Bishop, State Senator, and (5) "Heeb."A outstanding the of one author

is cover Apostle. autoof an only not (6) This The An book thewriters Church. speakers of and

is It the is history a a in feature largely beautiful book biography.

The preface to this book, itself, containing in gold letters of the Eighteenth Ward, over "To My Children,"explains the upon a darkgreen background and which Bishop Whitney presided author's motive and purpose in in the author's own handwriting, for nearly twentyeight years. It

writing it;,a task in which he has the title and an embossed emblem also tells much about Utah and

employed his spare moments, insymbolizing oratory and literature, about the European Mission, cluding summer and winter vacathe main pursuits to which Bishop where, as an Apostle, he subsetions, during a period of four or Whitney's life has been devoted. quently presided, and relates many

the salient It covers years.five his experiences interesting while of Wells, formerly Heber Hon. M.

life Whitney's of Elderpoints of visiting missions the various of TreasGovernor and Utah now to birth his of up the hour States,from in the United the Church urer S. of the Shipping Board U.

time. Chapters upon presentthe Mexico. and Canada Merchant Corporation, Fleet

entitled Whitneysancestry 'The issued with been has This work writes from Washington, D. C,

is "American gain, Anandof England"of not on and thought no to as Bishop follows: Whitney narpersonal thecestors"introduce store. sale any book at any But

rative contained in the thirtyfour "Dear Ort: friend desiring a copy or copies

chapters that follow. The Life your"I cannot say enough in appreciationlife story ofas can obtain them at the very reaStory ends with chapter thirtysix, told byautobiography—youryourself. First I sort of skimmed sonable price of two dollars each,

"As Far As I Have Come;"but it to pick out the high spots and now I by communicating personally or

two more chapters ensue upon am reading it seriatim et literatim. I by letter with the author, whose

is L. D. S. Church Offices,"What Others Have Said"and speakis the themosttruthengrossinglywhen I sayinterestingthat to mebookit address"More About the Family."A I ever read. i 47 East South Temple Street, Salt

poem, "The Whitney Family,"by "It tells refreshingly anew many of Lake City, Utah.

Without Malice

By IDA STEWART PEAY

[Editors'note: This is a true story.

"Jackson"was A. J. Stewart, of BenjaIllustrated

min, Utah, grandfather of Ida Stewart

Peay, the author.] by

Fielding, K. Smith

ACKSON, seventeen, rose tall Jand loose jointed from the breakfast table; he ruffled his

red, curly hair belligerently, but the "last word"which he had to contribute to the matter under discussion he said to himself.

'Thinking you'd rather be beat than beat anyone,"he argued, "is notit's—a—well,what I call aa moralfeelingsentiment;of selfwant to adrighteousness—youmire yourself."He chuckled at

his own "wise crack"as he clumped out to the stables in his heavy boots, and he winked one of his keen blue eyes slowly while finishing his idea in a youthful boast,me—not"Nowhileone I'mis goingconscious,to 'do'by

cracky."He made these observations to 'He turned in alarm to look in the direction of the wagon."

himself lest his mother give him a bit of a talk on wholesale good asked with a grin; the sort of fore, he named a figure he conwill, keeping one's honor bright grin—Jackson noted—that holds sidered compatible with the disand that sort of stuff. The Mater something back, as though you tance and the day and age and was a wonderful person, none betwould not understand if told, or, waited their pleasure-—the time

this did not concern as though was 1840; place, the road to ter, but, of Women course—Springfield. as you. such like that, were no doubt..

His terms must have been highIT was almost immedi- J.IACKSON dismissed his lyjumpedpleasing,to theirfor feetthe withyoungalacrity,men

ately after hitching up his team idle speculations as quickly as he lifted their trunks into the back and starting on his journey that could and looking the young men of Jackson's rough lumber wagon

Jackson came upon the two young over recognized them as neighbors and sat themselves down upon men. He was driving along the of his living about forty miles them with sighs of relief.

road and they were almost in the to the south; they had been at the Jackson clucked to his team and

middle of the highway, sitting on countyseat once or twice when the journey was begun. Immeditheir homemade, leatherhinged he was there. Swiftly he realized ately the young teamster began

trunks; it looked as though they that he needed a little ready cash planning to himself how he would

might have been dumped there. very much; also, that as he was spend the money thus earned; a

"Mighty queer,"Jackson muton his way to do a couple of days few dollars in cash seemed a fortered to himself and had a preploughing at the upper farm and tune, and there were so many monition right then that here was was provided with his blankets as places they were needed a wise deprobably trouble for him. Neverwell as provisions for that length cision was imperative.

theless, he stopped his team sociaof time, he could conveniently bly—he was curious, and interestmake the trip and merely be two

ed, and human contact was scarce in days later with his farm work. FTER jogging along A distance he bethe wilds of newly settled Illinois. The season was well advanced and for a considerable

"What'll you take to haul us he might lose by it; still he decame conscious of an unwonted

into town?"one of the wayfarers cided to take the chance. Theresound which he might have been

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 193

hearing for some time without still seemed full of unaccountable them, grumbling savagely to himnoticing; after listening more atmerriment. self the while, and tied them to

tentively he fancied it was laughter, his wagon. Then he went in madnot very loud—in fact sort of I,LN the early afternoon haste* after his delinquent fares.suppressed—but undoubtedly gleethe travelers reached Springfield. He searched in all the business

ful. The wagon bumping and They came to a stop on a public houses in that block, inspected the

groaning along in the deep ruts of camping plot lying behind a block alleys and outbuildings, and made the road prevented him from deof business houses in the lower end what inquiries he dared, even telljusttermining did what come to to ing his story a seemed few who trifle of regretful town. that A ears,.his to but he turned around late disposed, his paskindly but his in abstraction he had unduly

at his passengers questioninglook lost sengers as were as if they had urged first his team, Jackson's iythought was to take care of them. been annihilated. Jackson just

The two young men hurriedly He hopped off his wagon, reins in about wished they had met thai drew their faces into sober lines awful fate.

and held them so by force of their wills apparently; their eyes but wasted more no H Etwinkled merriment with a for detime hunting though, them,

nied expression. or making ill wishes, but returned Jackson said: "What's—eating to his wagon, hitched up his team,

your and drove around into the center "Hey?"one of them put his of the city. This was the first

hand behind his ear pretending not time he had visited the growing to hear. town of Springfield. He had in-

"You're making good time,"tended to walk independently, unthe other commended brightly and concernedly, even nonchalantly irrelevantly, yelling louder than around the streets, making no inwas necessary. quiries and giving the impression

Then both were innocently, too that he was native born; instead

innocently, silent. he was now compelled to ask

questions of everyone he met so all he a backwas would know horses, drove the unhooked hand, his atgave disappointing J.IACKSON This woodsman. trough. to water the them To histention to again, team but with indignation his increased thought refacilitate their he drinkinga dissatisfaction. of feeling the immeasurtowards young men bridles patted their and moved the"What's matter those with rage he his ably. impotent In as their he approval necks withfellows?"himself. he asked together. his teeth ground He sparingly. to drink allowed them

However, it was a bright fall Suddenly as though warned by would put those fellows in jail day, the fields were still green, the the allseeing subconscious mind, and prosecute them to the full air was exhilarating, birds pirouethe turned in alarm to look in the extent of the law.

ted in the sky, giving occasional direction of the wagon that he "I'll find a lawyer first to adheart-stirring calls, and Jackson had left some twenty yards behind vise me,"he vowed to himself;

naturally vibrated joyously to all him. His glance was just in time "and then, by cracky, I'll put them

the delicious life; it caused him to catch sight of his passengers through to the limit. I'll get the

at length to forget, almost, his stealing stealthily towards the whole police force on their trails disconcerting passengers. buildings on the other half of the and then we'll see!"

But presently some more queer camping lot. After many inquiries he was

sounds floated his way again. In- "Hey!"Jackson yelled amazed at last directed to a location where

voluntarily his head swung round; and furious. "Come a lawyer was said to have an office. Jackson found the place andhe faced his passengers once more. haven't paid your fares!"back—you

This time he could almost have "We didn't promise to pay you was fortunate enough to meet a sworn that those young men were anything!"one of them called man just coming out of the door.

laughing until he turned; but, as back, grinning mischievously. "Are you the lawyer holding

he asked here?"of him.before they straightened soand didn't forth we? "Now, did if we And

atlooking The man nodded,bered so quickly he could not collect."can't to pay, be promise you

sure. His face began to burn. The other bowed politely, in tentively at the questioner with

Were they making fun of him? an exaggerated mocking way, and keen but kindly eyes.

hair, redHis or something? If said transsomething meaning-;—ifso he would them out and throw lated into modern slang—"Thanks into burst J.IACKSONbeat up. them ride."for the buggy related the a wrathy tirade as he

There never was such a long Both men began laughing again crafty trick his late passengers had morning, but finally the sun was with hilarious amusement. played upon him. He laid stress

directly over head and the young "Stop! You cheats!"yelled on the way the young men had

driver stopped for noon. After Jackson, his face as red as his hair seemed to be laughing up theirtaking care of his team he shared in his anger. "Or I'll—."More sleeves at their cleverness.

felhis useless. of his provisionssome with were daring words Not have I must "And my money,"

ratherlow travelers. to with leave his horses half He did it thus harsaid to the Jackson lawyer, rancorpoor grace because the youths nessed, Jackson hastily rebridled [Continued on page 195]

FACING LIFE courage to face death By thoughtful analysis of their future.THEheroically has been featured What preparations are they now

all across the page of hisDR. ADAM S. BENNION making against developments

tory. And yet the ability to face which will lead to disappointment

life may be a far more and monotonous routine?

meaningful achievement. Author's Note: Circumstances crowd around

When tomorrow's work Some time ago, I was asked to write a series of us so fast that all too freis done, try walking home. articles which should feature fundamental consideraquently they cut off our

tions in preparation adequate the of young men thoroughfare the of don't and viewBut in place the a for sun. Facing seemed Life women

little lane a our intoalong which title significance. rich to introin a the be When

lead. friend—preferablythirtygo alone.or Takeforty article printed,someone might ductory plans had been were changed

years your senior. On the so that it became inadvisable to continue the series.

way home lead him to disQuestions which came in from readers of that first p\NLY yesterday a judge interest article indicate a in the genuine matter advised court outstandin a citycuss the with you is It intelligent of vocational guidance. now a seeking life coupleing events of his my a young and the series this to write for the pleasure Era. Readers

forces which have made of are at liberty to send in their own problems which divorce to go back home him what he now is. Ascerwill be given personal consideration in an attempt long enough to look at life

tain whether or not he is to fit answers into their natural sequence as these before throwing it away.

happy. Do you consider articles are unfolded. One more case of (hurried

him a success? Why? romance! The flash of an

greet age one. will old you? a friend? can't find such How You proposal—an eye—a

matter the age puts if old Or, fancy. an outof-town out of choose oneThen marriage—noacceptance

Walk home with yourself grown off too far, how are you getting pause to "chew the matrimonial thirty years older. He's waiting on now? What are your proscud,"no time to face life as affor you just around the corner pects during the next few years? fected by the greatest choice two

from your office building. people ever make. Of course everyeve,ry day these quesone knows the force of "love at Call to him out of tomorrow A LMOST

and frankly face life together. It tions are brought clearly into first sightand everyone knows

will be one of the most valuable the mind of the writer in an atof happy homes built upon folstrolls you ever took. tempt to offer suggestions to some lowing its impulse, but most

one to whom they are altogether homes can more safely be built vital. real such Invariably and careful an- a of foundation a upon the friend patron of"V7"OU, and regret that he expresses person alysis. are * Era, the Church's of one exhis seen couldn't through have raise prefer to young men Most vastfinest assets. boast our We live to perience he before had as: questions for such themselves of mineralexpanse

its empire—our consequences. through 1. she health? much So Has herds crops—our writtenwealth—our articles are being These is buildin for called reserve home promise our lead wonderlands—what they that in the may hope ing. in ourhave what youth? we To little a to more readers their attitude 2. such she an Has can potentialities in power man

the Church lay claim? That that she will bring cheeriness to

query strikes at the heart of her her daily tasks?

future as does no other. 3. Does she love children?

Life, after all, is a wonderful 4. Has she managerial ability?

gift. So wonderful that it often 5. Has she given her intelligence

eludes our contemplation. Just such direction that she will conto be is our greatest heritage; to cern herself with the durable satisachieve smacks of divinity. You factions of life?

are unique in all the universe 6. Will she team with me as

nothing else just like you. You we build for our future independhold one exclusive patent, a copyence?

righted personality. It is yours Young women may well turn

to do with as you. choose. What over such queries as:

will you make of it? 1. Has he sound moral princiDo you face life with all her ples?

experiences, or do they merely 2. Is he considerate?

overtake you—-perhaps pass you 3. Has he ambition?

by? 4. Has he the stuff out of which

It would be interesting if you a future can be built?

could walk home with two selves 5. Is he definitely following a

grown older. One, as you will program toward the achievement

be; one, as you might have been. of that future?

Life decrees there can be but The Author 6. Is he thrifty?

a

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 195

article 7. Has he a fine sense of spirittory considering by an vest eightan now the crops—but

actual situation in which a young een year looked old young man 8. Would I be proud of him man of eighteen recently found for bigger opportunities. It is

as the father of my children? himself in Southeastern Utah. He clear that on the present bases of

This is not a chapter on marhad completed high school but operations thirtytwo acres of land riage. It is but an illustration felt that he could not afford to is not enough to challenge three

from a field in which failure realgo to college. His high school vigorous young men. What is

ly to face life leads to failure in course had been a general one 'so the wise course for the subject of so many ways vital to civilization. that it furnished no special trainthis conversation to follow?

How many young men Should he borrow money spend their lives at work Editors'Note: and go to college?

Dr. Samuel Bennion, Adam of one the deliberately brightestwhich they have fahis Should he and best and of writers known young speakers andchosen and for which they of ther inundertake a more this is community, a western product, having been painstaking prehave made tensive cultivation of the within born miles a Salt few of City. Lake has Heparation? How many find taken degrees from the U. of U., Columbia Unifarm?

versity Universitythemselves the tired and of California. of school or has He it be wise to add Would

occupied positions prominent local in schools and lackpiqued of by money the livestock? universities, nine for years was superintendent of toonly to the take one job poultry a Could be made L. D. S. schools, is at present and Director of Perthat chanced to be available!"sonnel, Utah Power and Light Co. We urge our successful business?

Is it practicable for a readers to submit their vocational problems to Dr. Should he leave the farm

City. Salt BIdg., Kearns at 604 Lake set to out to Bennionyoung man in to go a nearby It is and work exceptional an opportunity for perplexed peopleprepare line for a given of to or start?"a mine "make they miss. to and one which cannot afford

work? How may he know should he "go to town?"

what he is best fitted to do? How ing for a gainful occupation. He How would you undertake to

may he discover his limitations? was one of a family of five chilanswer such questions?

"WJHETHER or not these quesdren, three boys and two girls. Certain basic principles undertions can be fully answered, His father owned and worked a lie an intelligent analysis of such

one of the most hopeful signs in a farm of thirtytwo acres, planted lifeproblems. These articles will

young man's life lies in the fact almost wholly into grain and alattempt to lay out those princithat he has raised them for himfalfa. He kept a halfdozen head p j es—w {\\ attempt to establish a

self and is consciously seeking of cows and a few pigs. The procedure helpful to all readers

their answer. boys had helped during the sumwith the genius and the courage

Let us conclude this introducmer months to care for and harto Face Life.

*>—--*IC<g%g/*H*

WITHOUT MALICE [Continued from page 193] ous at having to confess to being Jackson stared and looked emthere was in his face that which duped, and at imagining the guybarrassed, but he nodded wonderevinced love and good will, and ing he would all had forgotten about tolerant men. towards humor ingly—he

the incident was those leatherhinged, blue stained fin- "There's shop,"he the pawn getknown—becauseat home when

of his laughing at his mother that trunks. Anyway, they were probished, pointing it out on the opmorning for allowing a neighbor ably worthless since the owners posite side of the street.

to worst her in a deal and started had abandoned them; unless they Jackson grinned sheepishly; he

the argument about whether it had done it to bluff him and make felt ashamed of his petty vindicwas better to "beat"anyone or him dump them. tiveness before this strange, wonbe "beaten."I to did want "And they come to leave derful the Mater's "How man—maybemake hot for robthose it mighty the asked. them?"lawyer; this ideas were not so bad man's

bers,"he went on vehemently to "Guess they expected to get 'em seemed to be the same. For the

the lawyer, "Mighty hot! Only tonight. I told them where I was first time Jackson took a good

I can't pay you for your services going to camp."look at his adviser. He was the

until they settle with me."He "Pawn the trunks for the tallest, almost the homeliest, and

made this part clear as a point of amount of the fare due,"said the yet the pleasantest looking man honor. lawyer after a moment of reflecthe boy bad ever seen. Jackson "Oh,—"said the man offhand- tion. "If the young men want trusted him fully; he felt a warm

like breaking into a slow smile their luggage later they can redeem surge of friendship towards him; that lighted his deep set eyes—so it for the price of their ride—they he would never forget his rugged,the boy thought—with a marvelare probably poor farmer lads kindly face. Somehow he was glad

ous light, "that's all right. But, without funds looking for winter that he himself had not "beat"

I believe we can fix this matter up jobs in the city. Then they will anyone.

satisfactorilywith—withoutformalice."all concerned nobe feein forno suchway simpleinjured,advice,I'll andask humbly"Thanks,"and withJacksona stammerednew and

Jackson stared at the man you'll have your money and the strange emotion, "thanks Mr.—blankly. last laugh."The man chuckled—"he had forgotten to ask the

"Is that their baggage on your with goodnatured amusement as lawyer's name.

wagon?"the lawyer asked pointhe made a comprehensive gesture "Lincoln,"supplied the man

ing as he spoke. indicating that all was well; and laconically, "Abe Lincoln."

Today Roads By LaRene King Bleeckec By Grace Ingles Frost

THOUGHT I couldn't smile today 4\JOOADSonwardthat leadthroughto everywheretomorrows,stretch But I did!

I smiled a forced and crooked smile, Roads ablush with joyousness and roads

Kept it up and walked a mile, worldold with sorrows.

Thinking laughter all the while, Roads like silver ribbons winding 'round

I'm glad I smiled. and through the hills,

Reaching up to dizzy heights where

Thought I couldn't sing today craven impulse fills

I did! But lest fearfulness cringing with lay, The soul halting sobbing,

slip, a step there might the roundelay, took upAI sanglark a

Strange how the world seemed sudden gay, And where feet shod with courage are

I'm glad I sang. prone to lightly trip;

Roads that lead to everywhere await for

Thought I couldn't serve today. you and me,

there need. But was curved roads and Straight roads—and

ill was tired and sad, and their end be?A friend what mayA gift—-a flower—'twas all I had,

But suddenly the world was glad,

I'm glad I served. Valentines

40f$%i?X>l>- By L. E. Flack Life

His Handiwork VALENTINES of greeting, when the By Claire Stewart Boyer

By Linnie Fishet Robinson snow is on the ground; goes so hopefully to unknown

with cheery, bright and message a Each MAN lands, walls, splendor on A QUIET around. my tissue wrapped the sands, shifting in faithfully so He trusts jLX. leaf, tall, tassel golden a A when remembrance of sweet cards Rosy silver strands, to willingly clings so And low, breeze, the whisper in lowA chill. is air icy the why; wonder We off, latent bees, a drone from theWay lie patches in on snowflakes the And

hazeBlue that for dreams rise and call meadow, field and hill. great Untried, fall! I thank glorious forAnd God unknown—how

lure of change and fate, The A shudder high in giant trees, Beauty in the regal splendor of the ancient We hope and dream and wait valentine, die. Until we finger blasting in breeze, theA

in lies that hidden friendship the And the sun, blinding sudden ofA line. a of greeting the part a vital ourselves just blanket white begun, found snow but IfA we

ribbons; dainty tied with hearts Red heart, a ready lent I if life, reach the into but hands sky we my Of

dart, slender his with Cupid the from resplendent for plan I cry! our winter,"him "Thank made now And

are greetings their cheery year the 'Round start,

A sweet, low piping down the hill, reflected in my heart. We need not sigh.

A greenness by a waking rill, A bursting bud and swelling bark, With wisdom from small things,

A rush of joy from meadow lark, c<fi5Jiiftj*- With joy that service brings,

A reaching forth to warmth and light With faith that works and sings,

Thank God for Spring's awakening We mount on high.

might!

A berry in a green, green bed, Afterglow red, in daring cloaked poppies Tall Smith F. Margaret By

grass lacy bow'rs, of shoots and Long Rockies in The Back Home flowers, and with decked dew Diamond night that still of beauty The Hart AH! Mark By blue! of shaft mountain A touched breath a soft peak—a So AX still—that do! can heart! God What human A cheek, icy crags, my the peaks, the snowy MISS

of silvery a moth the wings &%>&- from Come with brook lustrous the feed That J glided by. That crystal dew,

Alone And lend the silver glow and cooling motionless, grace, lake—lay

flow that's soothing to the under the By Ida R. Attdredge AndAs thoughthe spell The glassv

.. of the moon. silent splendour heart. the

of the thousands Of throngAMONG city the surge mart Who hay. fragrant cut with there I stood the meadows as I miss And station in and Mid high

is breast beauty, at nest, tranquility whose and lark by Surrounded The I stand alone—apart.low fear, filled paintbrush a of with eloquent All

Unheralded, unsought for; Wielded by a divine Artist The mouse at play along the clovered

edge quest Unheeded is my throughout the harvest day. presses ever forward I was caught In solitude, Man

Wists not my soul's unrest. By his intangible spirit of love.

And it seemed as though again I miss at night the cricket's ringing air,

Oh take me back to homefolks From somewhere in the softness of the A luring rhythm filled with tenderness, Though humble be my hearth, heavens—With slumber's care, though one may feel

Where hand clasps hand in friendship The echo of the angels singing depressed,

And takes me at my worth. "Peace on earth, good will toward men."In deep despair, to rest he's lulled away.

Ln By ADAH R. NAYLOR

Foods for Happiness

is an old rhyme that vited, the whole house is thrownTHERE proclaims February the sadopen, and elaborate preparations dest and dreariest of the are necessary—with plenty of help

in both the kitchen and dining days of dark months—a the tea during room hours. But lingering of forlorn monthhopes—of at even affair large a this of kind winter. with ends the poem But

the assurance that even here the only simple refreshments should law of compensation holds good, be served.

since this saddest of months is "shortest and nearest the spring."Informal Luncheons

The dreariness must be entirely a matter of weather because this A LUNCHEON requires more

ess and the guest accepts the inshortdays—andmonthholidayis crowdedspellswithfestivity.holieffort on the part of the hostThere should be no time spent vitation as more of a compliment.

bemoaning dark days where iso If the luncheon is served withmany opportunities are offered for out help, a great deal of thought enjoyment. St. Valentine's day, and planning are necessary if it is

Washington's birthday and Linto go off smoothly.

coln's birthday are all occasions A hostess must do more than that suggest a party. summer. If the group is large the furnish the food. She must extend

service may be arranged on the a gracious welcome to the guests, the nicest very place "KTOW to the introductions to dining diand room table, but this makes attend is L have a party in the home, rect the conversation. it rather formal. order In

but of us such hard many make that free be Everything she may to do this, should be made in, friends of having work that the service be must it ready planned beforehand and the and food becomes a task rather than a pleasplaced where it is readily accessible, the food prepared before the guests ure. All of us are at our best as the guests come and go at their arrive.

when we play, and so we should pleasure and are served as soon as frequently aside dull care put and they come in. Menu indulge in social of some form

this activity shouldactivity—and cold weather carefully must menu be drink se- a hot TpHE of TN be so easily simple and * lected, as is offered, some kind there a cannot with be toothat will everybody enjoy daintily courses arrangedit—even many bit a made or too and hot many the hostess.

dishes. of cake a or Overelaborate are nuts menus cookie—olives,sandwich

and candies may be added if denot only difficult to manage but

Home Entertainment sired. The time set is usually late they often give the guests the feelnrHE easiest form of home enterafternoon,that a niceneardiversionthe dinneris hour,to serveso inga strainthatonthethepreparationhostess andhastherebybeen

f* tainment is an Afternoon Tea a cup of hot bullion or clam broth detract from the enjoyment of the -—which is the name of a social with a canape and thus not spoil occasion. Three courses can be

function and doesn't mean that the appetite for dinner. In hot cooked and served by one person,

tea is to be served. It merely weather either fruitpunch or iced but two courses are better, as this

means that a group of friends is drinks are served. Ices, too, are permits of the main part of the

invited to come in, informally, for refreshing and when accompanied meal being placed on the table be- a light refreshchat and some fore the guests are with cakes candies seated. are quite and Noments. group may be The large sufficient can serve for afternoon. woman a hot nicely a or be

or small depending on the size of Simple entertainment of this charming hostess if her thoughts the house and the amount of china sort affords an opportunity for are on the food she has cooking and silver available. Under no friends to meet under pleasant cirin the kitchen.

consideration should a larger numcumstances and calls for no great ber be invited than can be comeffort part of the on the hostess. Servingfortably accommodated. affair is quite a different A formal

The refreshments are usually matter. It is usually given in "* HE food may be arranged on

served in the living room from a honor of some visiting guest or individual plates in the kitchen small table beside the fire, in win- a friend who is leaving the city. and then placed before each guest,

ter, and on the porch or lawn in A large number of people are in- [Continued on page 246]

God's Fatherly Mercy and Love

in the of Book writings Moroni ofTWOtures most outstanding feaBy In the eighth chapter of the "Mormonism's"discusclear is a very Mormon PERCY GODDARD of to the world are, J. message prophet subject. of this sion The

that it emphasizes the love, mercy Member of the explains that baptism is for remisand justice of God, and that it Deseret Sunday School sion of sin, that little children are dignifies men as the ispirit offBoard not capable of committing sin, spring of him. that "the curse of Adam is taken

No other religious conceptions from them in Christ"and thereexert a more stupendous or far endless in duration. Brigham fore "awful is the wickedness to

reaching influence on the developYoung said: "They (the wicked) suppose that God saveth one child

ment of human character. will receive according as their deeds because of baptism, and the other

In articles under the title have been while in the body. God's must perish because he hath no

"Abominable Creeds"appearing punishment is eternal, but that baptism."

in recent issues of the Era, it has does not prove that a wicked perremain eternally jin a son will for centhat clearlybeen shown Regarding the Heathen state of punishment."introduction,turies prior to the

a hundred years ago, of the latter- A S to the heathen we read in day Gospel message, Christian Infant Salvation T Section 45 of the Doctrine preachers, of all denominations, and Covenants, verse 54: "Then,

Catholic old creeds, doctrines HP which been teachinghad HE nations and shall the be reheathen * declared unbapProtestant, short nothing Deity asportrayed they deemed, and that knew no of a merciless monster. Robert tized infants to be lost along with law shall have part in the first

G. Ingersoll said to the religious the wicked. In a revelation given resurrection; and it shall be tolerteachers even of his day, "You to Joseph Smith in 1830, we read: able for them."Similar teachings

of keeperhave made your God the in several passages in the occur that I say behold, unto you, "But, have penitentiary andan endless of This doctrine Mormon. itihe Book little are redeemed children from

deprived him of the pardoning foundation of the world through mine is also consistent with these words power."God is humanity's highOnly Begotten of the Christ:

sin, for powcannot they "Wherefore, inestimable assuredly ideal, est and little to er Satan tempt unto is not given his servant, that race 'to which knew the resulted "And from hasharm to begin until children, they become will, himself, prepared acLord's not and all but he consigned that Cov. teachings (Doc. before and me."countable

shall will, did neither his to according to 29:4647.) of mankind fraction a small stripes. he beaten with be But many

endless torments which exceed, bethat knew not and did commit things yond all conception, the deadliest worthy of stripes shall be beaten with agony which the mortal body can few stripes."(Luke 12:4748.)

earth. endure on JL prayer impressive that most N to The doctrine that only a very referred the already of Savior's, purpose of this article: It is the

says, be will this the speaking of family afternoon, he few human revealed teachings to compare are in Apostles, his "These of implies will that the saved be Satan prophet, the latterday through sigthese adds world,"and then vast in the victorious bringing the manmade that with Smith, not nificant pray words, Joseph "I creeds already referred to. thou shouldest take them out of majority under his dominion.

the world, but that thou shouldest "Momonism"teaches that Christ keep them from the evil."This will be victor, and that but a very

Endless Punishment Denned is in harmony with the teachings of few of the souls of men will be of the recorded as Mormon, Book is lost. doctrine completely Such in the the chapter of 42nd Book to the given a revelation N glorious clear especially in the of made is the explained where Alma, why I beeven Smith, Joseph Prophet this are in section here the seventysixth of children of DocGodit organized, was Church the fore viz., sons to the with mingle world; trine folCovenants. and The occurs: passage that to experience gain of an following men, the is this point quotation lowing on

but to will back bring them God;

"For, behold, the mystery of Godliness, not to partake of the sins of the from Brigham Young:

endFor, behold, is it! his I am said to Aposgreat Savior world. The how

is given which of- "All men, excepting those who sin tles that punishment he evening the the same on less, and inGhost, the Holy who shed is endless that prayer, of against beautiful punishment, fered "Be from my hand, thereto, or nocent blood who consent wherefore—name: is ray the cheer. 1 have overcome for Endless good

"Eternal punishment is God's punishworld."Going soon to meet his will be saved in some kingdom; for

are Jesus, says Father's house, in my folto, Father, he them ment. admonished

* * * will bring Jesus mansions. many punishis God's punishment that "Endles his example, praying not low

every redemption, son his forth, by own 19:1012.) and Cov. (Doc. the take of should out ment."them God the sons of except daughter and Adam, keep that he should but world,

hell. Iwill cast into perdition be of who these few evil. completely from them How suffer will of the wrath Others God—O. McKay, David taught error the—Elder away sweep words all at the suffer can demand will Lord

for centuries that the torments of General Conference, October, 1911. their hands, or justice can require of

all sinners should of necessity be them; and when they have suffered the

.

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 199

wrath of God till the utmost farthing "damnation"the Revised Version is will paid, of they be out brought. uses Peter the "judgment") word

Is to this doctrineprison. dangerous been Saints have Latterday tells his the us fulfilment of of T HE it considerpreach? dangerous; Some Uteralness, great with charged with

it is true that every personbut in Master's who that promise "He simplicity, as one astounding and grace, sin the ofdoes not and day away (Christ) unto preached and went it a brutal critic to me, with put devil, will be the angel of anbecome brought forth to inherit a kingdom of materiality, in their doctrine. We the spirits in prison; which someglory."(Discourses of Brigham Young, acknowledge the charge in the sense time were disobedient, when once

pp. 584585.) in which it was meant, although we the long suffering of God waited

adjecto the object of some may in the of days (I Peter Noah."President F. Smith, from Joseph tives. are Saints Latterday The this further: 3:18). "For. And expresseshis great heart generous are just so that they simpleminded cause the also Gospel was preached that even after Judasthe hope willing to believe the he when Lord to are that them dead, that they his sin the for penaltypaying his speaks, at take may word. and him might be judged according to men asthe rejoice forgiven.be the in hope and We in flesh, the live but according to resurrection. of glorious surance a

"I prefer, until I know better, to We rejoice in the work that was God in the spirit."(I Peter 4:6)

the thattake merciful (Judas) he view first peEaster at that inaugurated those for be numbered amongmay whom the dead. riod, in of behalf for and for the Baptism 'Father, forthe prayed, bkssed Master Dead Christ the the of while body For

give for they they them; not what know belearn as in the tomb, lay we "do!'Doctrine, (Gospel p. a 547.) Paul makes to VfOREOVER, spirit his Went question, yond A clear reference to a in custom those to prison, in who the spirits

Punishment for Sin were held in bonds because of their the church of his day of baptizdisobedience, to those who had not ing the living for the dead. "Else

reprivileged to been learn of the believe that wilful violationTW'E they what shall are bapdo which efficacy the Gospel; of and rejection of law or tized for the dead, if the dead there inaugurated introduced of God's hedeeming and

word will result in severe punish- a missionary labor that has been rise not at all? Why are they then

missionary ever for thatment, on some and few who going baptized for since—a the efdead."The

that which compared with work resistshall divine to continue the forts that have to been evade made here to updo attempt which we everlasting punbewill there may the obvious of this meaning pasearth, thousand two on with our ishment. missionaries out in the field, is not sage are interesting. The explanaIn the Book of Mormon we even as a drop compared to the tion most often used by the commission- for needed are ocean. Menread: mentators referred to is that Paul

dead. the service ary among Who

to exist in cerpractice known once a those but dead are the who "Behold, and fear, and tremble before

God for ye ought to tremble; for the have lived!'God is Lord of both tain heretical sects of his day and

Lord redcemeth none such that rebel living and the dead; and all live unhence did not say "why are we,"

If it true that the him. be man sins; yea, to in their dieagainst and him or then for baptized are you "why

is to living cannot hope who all now in their that perished those haveeven the said are dead,"but "why enter the into of.that Kingdom God since began, thesins ever world

have wilfully rebelled against God, that unless he complies with the simple they."At first this explanation

have known the commandments of God, law and requirement laid down by sounds plausible, but when the and would not keep them; these are they the author of our salvation, nameentire chapter is studied it becomes

of ly, that be born resurrection. must in the first we partthat have no water ridiculous. Paul, throughout the spirit, that equalapplies of the For and to tremble? not ye oughtTherefore

salvation cometh to none such; for the ly to each and everyone of the unchapter, is presenting an argument

Lord hath redeemed none such; yea, counted myriads who have lived for the resurrection of the dead,

neither can the Lord redeem such."(Moand passed beyond. The doctrine and if the above interpretation is

salvation of for the dead camesiah 15:2627.) as adopted this part of his argument earth. to revelation a the It had

Speaking of the wicked who to be made known anew; for while becomes: Baptism for dead is purshall not be eternally lost Joseph it had been known of old, it, like poseless unless there be a resurrecdoctrines of other the saving many tion, certain false followers of docsays:F. Smith lost the sight of been Gospel, had trines for baptize the dead, hence

of forgotten. and

there a is be resurrection. there the the of banishment must Can "Then

E. Talmage, James—Elder perdition) sons the oftransgressor (not guilty that of think Paul we was April, Conference, General 1912. a place ofinto the punhouse, prison so absurd argument? an

increase, exaltation, noishment, with no no dominion, no power, whose inhabi- "Mormonism"teaches that the tants after their redemption may become essential ordinance of baptism may a doctrine grave. conholds the This obeyedservants that have of them be vicariously the performed by

faith. the That keptlaws and of God theplace spicuous in "Mormon"living in for the behalf of and as of suchwill the punishment be justifully reology is, moreover, and dead have this been denied sin truth, death."ject who but not unto the

(Gospel Doctrine, p. 5 69.) fied by biblical scriptures. privilege in the flesh; the efficacy

The Master himself declared as of the ordinance being dependent

Hope Beyond the Grave we read in John 5:28, 29: "The upon the acceptance or rejection

hour is coming, in which all that of the Gospel plan in the spirit

T\7E do not believe that "the are in their graves shall hear his world by the one in whose behalf

V doom of everlasting damna- (the Son of God's) voice, and the baptism is performed.

tion is passed irreversibly at death shall come forth; they that have A further article will discuss

on all who die in a state of sin,"done good unto the resurrection man's kinship with God and with but it is our faith that divine love of life; and they that have done Jesus Christ, also the effects on

and mercy will reach out to the evil unto the resurrection of damhuman life and character of the repentant soul even beyond the nation,"(In place of the word views herein contrasted.

ByAn Epidemic KENYON WADE

Peace."of Author"The Presenceof "Contentment,"of

that noon, but Happiness with her chum when they return they are not on speaking terms.

cv4n Index to a Happy Life for Youth The conductor's wife that morning "tagged"her husband and Adult Alike. with anger; he in turn had

"tagged"you; you in turn had

"tagged"your stenographer, and epidemic of happiness! ticle about a Cleveland man, the she, too, was passing the impresarticle entitled: with harbor filling Our "Why I Am the sions along!AN ships returning to us laden Happiest Ohio."Man in Four lives made miserable that

with rich offerings from the Cornday, all because a disgruntled wife ucopia of life! Ships, which, years THE present writer called up the scolded her husband that morning!

ago perhaps, we sent out quietly in subject of the sketch, offered prayerful helpfulness to others him a friendly challenge by stat- A NUMBER of years ago the even in accord with the philosoing: "You are not 'the happiest newspapers loudly lauded the

phy, "Do good by stealth and man in Ohio'because / am."The man who introduced such negablush to find it fame!"friendly banter led to a felicitous tive notices as: "The public will

For, happily, the seeking and friendship, bubbling with joy and confer a favor by reporting any finding of happiness for ourselves humor. discourtesy on the part of our emand others is within our grasp, the We are all familiar with the ployees!"

natural means to that end can be children's game of tag. 'Tag! The writer is well acquainted

appropriated with an interesting you're it!"A boy "tags"the boy with that man. One day a street

variety of immediate results. nearest him, and that boy, the one car conductor came into this

Let's get the right viewpoint of next to him, etc., and such is life. friend's office and told a sad story.

things and things will begin to We are tagged by the impresHe said he had always tried to happen. sions we receive, and we pass them be polite, but had temporarily lost

along. "Tag! you're it!"and control of his temper when a pas-

A WRITER friend of mine deperhaps the tag you receive one senger with a well developed fines "appreciation"as "getmorning is a gross insult from the grouch had accosted him. He reting the right viewpoint;""putstreet car conductor whose wife sented it, retorted in kind, was

ting the right value upon;"so scolded him severely, and when reported, discharged, and was

that if we appreciate a man or his you don't clamber aboard the car without work. This misfortune

work, we have the right viewfast enough to suit, he yells out brought on others. Because of lack

point of that man and his work; at you: "Come on, move along of money, his wife had been conwe put the right value upon him there! Think we're going to wait fined with only the services of aand his work—in other words, all day?"cheap midwife, and mother and

we understand him. 'Tag, you're it!"Your indigchild both had died. His home

To illustrate: When my friend nation rises, but you pride yourself was broken up. His oldest girl

published articles on appreciation, on your selfpossession. You will herself little more than a child

many of his readers wrote him in not bandy words; but the resenthad tried to take care of two

appreciation of the happiness his ment remains. The very selfre- younger children; she was ill with

writings had brought them. One straint fyou practice jcaus&s your a fever. The man wept as he told

young man (right in spirit, if not usual smile to be missing that his story. My friend investigated

in letter) wrote him as follows: morning when you enter your ofthe story and found it true.

"Dear Sir: fice. The hammering of the rivetHe began to look into other

"I want to thank you for your writings ing machine on the steel framecases, and he found every time a on appreciation, forgiveness, kindness, work of a building a block away, man was discharged for discourtesy courtesy, cooperation, etc.; they have which yesterday you did not nothe real sufferers were the wife and

helped changed and me much me so so; tice, today gets on your nerves. children at home; and sometimes

I I felt articles read yourwhy, before so mean and hateful toward my uncle, Before noon you have taken your the public is intolerant. He also

that, if he had died, I wouldn't have stenographer severely to task for found that you can not make a attended his funeral; but, now, since being some slight error in transcribing man courteous by punishing disteachingsacquainted with your I am notes. so her shorthand courtesy.

perfectly willgreatly that changed / am you're "Tag, it!"You are passReversing his methods entirely, his funeral attending to time!"any

ing the irritation along! my friend decided to be guided

A few years ago the Cleveland Your stenographer feels humiliby the advice of the oldfashioned

Plain Dealer carried a fullpage arated and sore. She goes to lunch Ohio poetess, Alice Carey:

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 201

he transformed himself from the were given and the incident for- "Do not look for wrong and evil; gruffest into the politest gateman gotten. Two years later the ecif will you find themYou in her died leaving lady centric old and San Frando; between York New neighbor, to measure yourAs you the estate to large entire will her and as wonderful, fully cisco was you. to back will measureHe

Look for goodness, look for gladness, took less time! only person who had thought to

You will find them all the while; be polite to her in years!

lady punctilious who young to barrel rolled on aToIf youthe bringglass youa smilingmeet avisagesmile.""A wasFEWgone.monthsMyafterwardsfriend tookhe wasA being

that get the water out of her stomachVIY friend began to look for pains to trace him and found * good qualities in everybody a business man, observing his uniby the man who had rescued her and to offer reports of employees form politeness, had hired him from drowning, said:

of only happy, courteous duties for a more lucrative position. And "I'm sorry, sir, I cannot talk

they performed especially well. his little wife upon whose defenseto you, but we haven't been propEmployees began to profit by these less shoulders had fallen the manierly introduced!"

things in better wages and better fold varieties of grouches, now positions. began to wear the smile that won't V\ AILY we meet persons in the

And my friend? Wearing the come off! The children were happy cars and in the streets who

William Howard Taft smile that and well dressed. My friend had become perfectly familiar to us alwon't come off! "tagged"that gateman with apthough "not properly introduced."

Passing through St. Louis, the preciation, kindness, and courtesy; Why not smile, pass the time of

boy carrying his satchel rested it he had in turn "tagged"his wife day, drop a pleasant remark, show for a moment on the stool of the with these happinessgiving qualwe appreciate the fact that they gate keeper at the Union Station ities, and she was passing them are alive, and thereby add to the while my friend's ticket was being along! sum total of human happiness not

examined. only for time but for eternity.

"Take that satchel off there!"A BUSINESS man was riding in Ah, the power of a kindly word

snarled the petty official. "What "an open street car when he of appreciation!

do you think this is, a storage noticed a newsboy lift his hat and An intended suicide was thwartwarehouse? That stool's made to say, "I thank you, sir,"to a gened in New York, when, after the

sit on!"tleman who had given him a nickel desperate man had recited his truly

My friend, with characteristic for a threecent paper and told awful woes to my friend (a noted courtesy, ignored his rudeness and him to keep the change. New York author) and added:

passed on. A few months later he Rushing from the car to the "Oh, I am only human driftwas at the same station waiting for newsboy, the pleased observer wood now. Nobody cares, no-

a train. The same gruff gateman asked: "My boy, who taught you body cares!"A sob escaped his

was there. An employee of anto be polite?"lips.

other department had been gratifyThe little boy lifted his hat "You are mistaken!"said my

ingly polite and considerate. The again and said: "My mother, sir."friend with characteristic gentlegateman noticed that my friend Handing the lad his business ness. "Somebody does care. I

wrote down the employee's cap card, the gentleman said to him: care."

number and inquired as to his "Well, you tell your mother when years ago the writer was name. He could not conceal his you go home tonight that because COME irate man curiosity. Approaching my friend of your one act of courtesy today taken to task by an

he inquired gingerly: you can have a place in my office."who undertook the huge task of

"Has that man done anything An elevator boy was polite one reciting my faults to me in no you are going to report him for?"day to an illdressed old lady who uncertain manner. When he had

"Yes, he has."rode in his elevator; upon reaching finished he looked at me stubborn-

"What has he done?"the first floor on the return trip the ly, expecting me to be in a rage.

"He has been polite to me and old lady asked the boy to give Instead, I smiled at him and considerate."her his name and address. They said:

"And are you going to report "I thank you, sir, for your catehim for that?"with considerable gory of my faults,—the catalogue

astonishment. JL HE author of this article is an of them is a good one, but the list

"I certainly am. The comeastern gentleman, a teacher and is not complete, for there are so

the in has been note of who left out!"faults have you of his writer many glad to know will be pany

his health regain to west seeking undoubtedly will sense of was man's humor politeness and The inconsiderably become had which note the fact as a part of his perpaired. He called several times at touched and he broke out laughsonal record."the Era office, and the editors coning. Far from losing his friendfortunate themselves in makship him for a friend. I reporting sidered I won folks many "And are is Mr. acquaintance. his Wade ing need that man. somewhat inquired he politeness?"is it gentleman a cultured whom

anxiously. a pleasure to know. He was very Had not our Master the proper

scenthe with impressed of view are, and many favorably folks "Some appreciation,—the conditions With the west ery and of he and good both reply. the will be,"evil,-—whenright was soon others is here, conand them as found he delivered spoke which the words emergbutterfly beautiful articles the prose fident that and poems And

ing from the homely cocoon could will result from the inspiratin he Mary Magdalene from the evil not compare with the decided has received. with which she had been attacked?

change in that gateman. The way [Continued on page 23 6]

'Are you satisfied with Nate's conduct toward you?"

Illustrated by Paul S. Clowes

heart as we do, when you learn that these two, whom you cherished above all others in the world, are probably Expatriation engaged by this time. She was to meet

him in New York, and unless my knowlBy edgetheir offuturehumanplansnatureare alreadyis very consumfaulty, mated.

HUGH J. CANNON this"Myletter,dearI daughter,have sat longsince incommencingretrospection and have seriously questioned moChapter Seven playedtives andin yourjudgmentaffairs insincethe thepartunfortun-I have

ate secret came to light. The worthiness

of troubles motives all, for not me my for Nell Redfield, she always was the.AIL from I call can heaven to witness advice myat

early an office. caller at the post I was felt only thatUnited StatesM.did the exigencies which not reach Apia

often. Frequently a month would A few days after Lieutenant Hawof the case demanded.

elapse between these interesting peley's last visit, she was handed "Regarding my judgment, that is a matter I can easily which on satisfy not than the usual letquota of it more arrive it didriods, but when myself. involves lifethe which A step papers. ters and bulky one Ainvariably caused great excitement. long of as happiness dear are as one you her from first father the was to it toStrange eagerly was never should be decided me impulsively. men how

and women, native and white, be opened. After recording a A decision should be based on something

substantial more sentiment than ador of unimportant items, it office atwaited the post though number herence to a favorite achobby. While to say: went on never receivedsome of them had the influence knowledging senof both

timent a pet idea, I believe and a principle lettera in their lives and had no mother's last "Your letter probably is inv/olved violated which be wouldreason to expect one. prepared you extent for to some the imwere I to you marry. As you know

concerning news Jessie. Nate and years have for publicly such fought reached pending boat ever no mail As

I and Mother can appreciate believe we unions, case consider and in your wouldport without having something your feelings, knowing affectionate it your a very to be step. serious course Of

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 203

if you did not believe as I do, the matter Of that she will doubtless write you trip to Samoa to visit you! The two

would be less grave for you. But you more fully than I am able to do."years have nearly passed and Judge and

did accept the principle and even went Mrs. Redfield, in any event, will come.

farther than I would have dared suggest. He authorizes me to say this. Perhaps,

facts, the being "These the matter of after the disclosure father made, has your her reading l\ FTERmarriage out seemed question of the for see you but rather not would now; me father's letter, Nell the hadn't ityou. neither However, be if I wise would I really that thought almost should

nor proper for Nate to remain single, courage for some little time to die of grief. I love you better than

because are so. forced to you do peruse Such in another the she even anyone else which saw by

a course could be only prompted an excepting by family,world—notor Nate."own my Jessie. the handwriting was from

sentimentality.unwise set have You him finally a sigh she opened But with free and urged have that a suitable he seek

it.companion. have added advice our We girl's heart 1 HE lonely

to suggestion. I your both and Mother at thought felt that is to if he marry, one "This letter and your father's, which bounded tumultuously no would

suit you better as a wife for him than he tells me he has just mailed, will of seeing her parents in the near your dear friend Jessie, and we have doubtless reach you at the same time. If future. And Jessie! What about

done all in our power to bring about you have not already read his, will you her? Nell believed she loved her

asuch union. It has been easy not an please lay this aside until you have done friend as much as ever. Jessie thing to a so? Jessie do. For long time

would not have much to do with Nate "Now, with the assurance that you and Nate certainly had played the because she felt that something in his know the contents of his letter, I can game fairly and had been far more conduct displeased you. It was not until proceed, difficult as it is. considerate than she could have

I gave permission to tell just him "I have returned real your from New York asked. But to meet on the old reason for going away, that where her for Nate embark I saw sympathy Egypt.

for him was enlisted; but her tender It was understood when he sailed that terms and forget that this friend

heart was touched and her first impulse I should write you fully and frankly and was now the fiancee of the man neverwas to marry, ask especially to frank. equally be you and Whether not she to was married have whom

to accept attention or not Nate, ourselves I consider because from Nate and still alJ she and loved with whom increase it would your grief. formally engaged burden of depends wholly upon

it allThen he became obsessed with the same your answer. Judge Redfield assures me her heart—or almost with

idea. In my day I have had many mulish that whether you remain there or return that was something not so easy

witnesses and juries to contend with, but home you positively will not marry. I to contemplate. It would be far

never did difficult I have a loves task Nate still more you, know and to my better for Jessie not to come than than to convince these surprise fact that obstinate two seriously is not own creatures that it would but add to your disturbing, though I am sure it would to have her feelings wounded by unhappiness to [have them remain single be extremely hard for both of you, and anything less than an enthusiastic simply out of consideration for your perhaps dangerous for the happiness of and wholehearted welcome.

feelings. felt that it was one of "Now that such a marriage is arranged, all,yearsif haveyou elapsed.should meetIf thereuntilis afterthe slightsome Nell

at least it has probably proceeded that est lingering doubt as to your future those questions, referred to in her far, I sit here and wonder after all how intentions, I promise that my affair with father's letter, which should not fallible judgment has been. will Telling be instantly Nate my terminated. be decided by sentiment, but by

their you of prospects enables I dear friend, me to with mourn "My you clear thinking. she For hours themeasure matter with at your eyes, in your sorrow our marriage and if would

least to an extent, and I wonder! I wonadd to your burden of grief I shall forwalked along the beach and at

der! If I have done wrong, my dear girl, ever banish all thoughts of such union. length received inspiration as she

I forgivepray me. If, acted have according the other on hand, approve you of had before, times done many fromto the light best that in me. was shall what have done, we go away we pile the rusting of steel still bear- "Nate en route to where here is now from Egypt can and you your abandon

he and some other engineers have taken solitary life and come home, where you ing the outlines of warships.

up a big engineering contract. He will can at least have the comforts of civiliza- "I shall do'the thing that is

several forbe gone tentamonths. His the tion association and parents. of your right, it is,"no matter how hard tive plan, as far as been it has "Since the comforegoing writen, your was was her conclusion. "Jessie has ismunicated to that me, return he will father and I have been talking the about

within a few months and marry, then most exciting thing. You could never been in every sense true and loyal,

Jessie may accompany him to Egypt. guess what it is! Nothing less than a and it would be despicable to per-

!i'

As the Marama steamed into Pago Pago 204 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

mit any feeling.of resentment to pressed it, did police duty for the

take root in my heart toward her. T)HOUGHT of Jessie entire colony, felt constrained to

Thank you, Admiral Kimberly! being jealous even set her to thinksound a note of warning to her

You and your courageous seamen ing seriously of what her attitude visitor.

have again taught me a lesson."toward Dick should be. Of course "Dick is the finest young fellow

she could not honestly give him in the navy, but you must rememany real encouragement, but she ber, Miss Redfield, that he has been to desire enough was human for her isolated Seas in the South the day was JjEFORE friend to see that she still had hardly and has many months now itsover a wireless winging was way across the miles of water. It opportunities to marry, and to one seen an American girl in that time.

was addressed to her father and who would be considered a desirIt is perfectly natural for him to read, "Come, bring Jessie."able catch in any land. lose his heart to the first one he

Nell had heard much unfavorsees, especially when she is such

Oh, the interminable hours and able comment on the accommoda- a beauty,"the worthy lady added days which succeeded the sending tions furnished by the Matstal, the the latter clause, realizing that her of that message! Now that she interisland boat which ran to words were rather crude. "Besides,

knew these loved ones were comPago Pago, but decided after havhe has the reputation of falling ing it seemed impossible to await ing made the trip that many more in love almost as easily as he falls the time of their arrival. Suduncomplimentary things might out. Don't misunderstand me, my

denly she realized how tragic her have been said without exaggeradear. I do not charge him with

life had been, how desolate, and tion. Lying on a common deck being fickle, and to you, I am sure

she shuddered as she recalled how with people of at least five differhe will be sincere, but he is due near to real tragedy she had come ent nationalities, with no covering to have a furlough very soon while standing on the brink of to shield the passengers against which will take him away for a the volcano crater in Hawaii. rain or tropical sun, and with no rather long period, and he is cer-

"Thank God for the measure of accommodations whatever, was tain to receive another assignment.

selfmastery which I have acnot what the most cheerful optiIn that case, of course, you could quired,"she murmured. 'That mist would call a pleasure trip. not be sure what might happen."

alone compensates for a large Added to this was the fact that Nell listened mechanically to the amount of heartache."many of the passengers were seawarning and thanked Mrs. Evans

No longer repressed, the desire sick, some of them so violently ill for it, wondering meanwhile to see her parents became a veritathat they made no effort to reach whether the good lady did not ble passion, and even the thought the side of the small craft, when have some plans of her own for of meeting Jessie aroused ecstatic they began the serious little game capturing the popular young lieuanticipation. She was as a starvpopularly known as "feeding the tenant for a niece, whose praises

ing person who has spread before fishes."she was continually singing whenhim an appetizing meal but is told ever he was about.

he must wait for a few hours before partaking of it. T)HE welcome which

at naval her the awaited colony the time due Malater reshe weeks L.N two About arrival the at island her upon the discharged arrived and of rama father ceived cablegram her a from for Tutuila up somewhat made billed passengers the for Navifew leaving three were that the San trip. the the of discomforts Much Nell, Islands. gator had who the Francisco aboard Marama to she her embarrassment found to the rush gangplank planned up reach Pago, should which Pago all the suspected, even Americans of herself into the arms and throw Australia, days to twelve route en if certainly did not they know, at parents, her so overcome was later. to the decided Nell make in that love with deeply Dick was that the last she could do moment in order island trip other to the her.

to meet the newcomers at the earlinothing more than duck her head est possible moment. This would The motherly Mrs. Evans, deand weep, childishly. They came

also enable her to pay Mrs. Evans lightfully talkative and meddleto her, the three, and soothed and

the visit which she had promised some, who, as her husband expetted her back to normalcy. The

for many months to make. Then four were soon engaged in a veritashe devoted herself to her school ble love feast.

and other work, and when a few Communion "You have been in the navy, you, Judge?"Captain haven't they be spared could moments

later. Evans asked garBy Grace Ingles Frost her in beautifying were spent

den and home. Like most people A T the home of the shadow and "No, unfortunately I have not

L*- silence been."detested but loved sympathy, she

strings oft the responsive How I still think have you "Well, debeen she have pity, would and are heart wakened the human Of the governconnected lit been with her been within lighted had that brings touch unseen an By power to make Jessie a little jealThe jubilant soaring flutenotes ment to an extent which will ous of her andher surroundings. Of gladness long since spent, justify me in sending you over

chords soulinspiring the minor On the In gunboat. with to Apia beautilittle house was really The has sent mayhaps Which Cod case I to dispatch have stately any would outside by ful, surrounded life's music render our To

palm and cocoariut trees, bananas Of more majestic tone, Hawley there within the month and flowers, and inside filled with That deep, mysterious cadence. and he might as well go now.

gifts of beads, shells and other To tighter strains unknown. Your daughter can tell you the

trinkets. [Continued on page 242]

TKe Essentials of Public Speaking

to a A. subject. choose How so. many

1. subject The should of be II. The Speech spokediversethegroups—oflanguage offarmers, practical, original and attractive. cattlemen, of.soldiers, of labor-

2. It should be adapted to ers,, of tenement dwellers, of the occasion; to the auANTHONY F, BLANKS, Ph.D politicians, of scholars. He

dience,, to readily and could the present same the personAssociate Professor oj ality case of the before types of those any speaker x. Physically. (Public Speaking in the way they would find

y. convincing. Mentally, University of California most

z. Morally. must the speaker disregard Nor

3. It should center around a his personal qualifications, physsingle, clearly defined theme, and reflection; your own insight ically, mentally and morally. If

and move irresistibly toward into the varied needs of your comyou lack marked physical vigor a wellmarked objective. munity. The subject in itself may in body and voice, do not select

Avoid ambiguity by defining not be new, nor even your indi- a theme that demands an extended the terms. vidual slant upon it; but your atand robust, presentation, or one

tack, your strategy may well be that must be delivered under diffior of doors conditions—out

inSUCCESS or failure often deoriginal,your ownvigorousthoughtandgrapplesvivid. withAs cultin a very large auditorium or

pends upon how carefully the subject, its possibilities lay hold competition with extraneous you choose the subject (and of you all the more powerfully. noises.

object) of your speech. Quite ofConsequently you present it more Do not labor under the delusion

ten the nature of the speech dedynamically, more enthusiastically that you must choose some current termines this critical issue for you. to your audience. topic of the day whether you know

But in any event, a few general Let this chosen topic be further anything about it or not. Measprinciples will help you in reachconditioned upon its attractiveness ure yourself and your mental caing this allimportant decision. to you personally. It must draw pacity: there will always be a subWhy select a topic remote from you on to its consideration, soluject just far enough above you to

the actual interests and concerns tion and promulgation with alrise to, and yet not so far as to of your audience? Surely it is together resistless appeal; such an be entirely beyond your grasp.

wiser to fix upon a timely, pracappeal as quickens your intellect, And do not forget that your tical theme—even in the realm of kindles your feelings, stirs your personal character is going to speak

literature or philosophy—a subject imagination, strengthens your coneven more loudly than your voice.

that calls for action or a positive victions, with the sense of its proYou may speak haltingly and yet decision of the will—a discussion found and pressing importance, a move an audience profoundly.

from which there comes some apcall that arouses the spirit of a However, if you have the reputaproximation of certainty. This crusader! tion for being mean and stingy,

need not lead you or your audience do not appear before your combeyond their depth; rather it AS a further caution, keep the munity to appeal to them to be

should leave both resting upon a subject and its development generous. There might be a riot!

chosen ground of substantial well in harmony with the circumthought, concrete fact, and sincere stances of the speech occasion. Al- A LWAYS restrict the scope imconvictions. Let the topic have a most every audience has a domplied in the wording of your

genuine connection with real life inating type, a dominating urge, subject. In the first place you

as men must live it in order to strong special concerns. Our should not deceive yourself or mismeet and solve their daily probcommon sense makes it relatively lead your audience by some sensalems. Nor does this imply that easy to recognize and study these tional proposition to which you

you should deal only with material conditioning, factors and adapt our can not do justice. This is getting

things; but deal equally with speech methods to themes and a hearing on false pretenses. Your

opinions, ideals, aspirations, all modes vital to the welfare of that own ability, your investigation, these intangible, yet powerful facparticular group. Recall Wendell your experience, and the time at

tors that go to make up our charPhillip's summary of Daniel your disposal are all determining acter, culture and civilization. O'Connell's power of adaptation. factors. Careful definition of the

"He was * * * before the courts, terms in 'your proposition will

TRY pursuing a choice along these logic; at the bar of the senate, unremove much ambiguity, much

lines, you are most likely to answerable and dignified; on the rambling, much repetition. A brief,

add the much desired touch of platform, grace, wit, pathos; bepointed declaration of exactly what

originality to your work. For, fore the masses, a whole man."you propose to do in your speech,

now, the choice is finding its source One element in Roosevelt's great will go a long way towards holding in your own study of men, books success as a speaker was that he you on the track and in winning and affairs; your own observation knew the peculiar concerns and the confidence of your hearers.

. a

206 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

Here is a recent example: The genIn going through the mass of requirement is that, at some time

his orders speaker the other, invariably or that almost material "athesubjecteral was announced is 1 It outline."an thoughts by collects about any worthwhile to open a choice wasism."Such

all the criticism cited above. It topic, the speaker must learn to from the pen of that eminently

was soon evident that the speaker discriminate quickly and accuratesuccessful speaker, Harry Emerson was not sure whether he was disly. His best criterion is always Fosdick, that we borrow this exactcussing agnosticism, deism, theism, "What is my exact purpose in phrase—"I would never think of

pantheism, materialism, rationalmaking this speech?"This guide speaking, without, in some way,

ism, humanism, animism, Platonordering my thoughts."Such an

ism or hedonism. His mind was experienced speaker may depend

to depractical judgment his upon to forcedcleared he Kvas When living voice witchery has a JL HE of detail the and form termine his objective thus: "Itphrase

its rich is all matter own. how No the urge "ordering,"his but we the joinbeneficial for to students flexible language the and or how

Association for the advancement skilled the writer, there will always beginner to "order his thoughts"of Atheism,"and further to deremain a subtle something which by writing an outline with very express. can voice alone the living in full details. The arguments fine his terms as art the placed of reading those adopted Ruskin are overof this procedure "officially"association. in that the list of favor of the at head aloud

Let us take another example adventmodern ofaccomplishments,a speaker who canandmakethe detailedwhelminglyoutlineconvincing.clears the mindSuch ofa

which can be used as a more exthe voice a revealer of the soul is the speaker, and smooths the way tended illustration later in this arhailed with grateful praise. for understanding in the mind of

ticle; "The Meaning of Scouting."—Tait. the hearer: such a logical ordering

The general topic is "Scouting;"of data relieves the speaker of the

the subject selected is "The Meanexcessive burden of trying to reing of the Boy Scouts of Amerrenders you alert in judging, not call under the stress of speaking ica;"the object in view was to what is "fine,"or "good,"but a jumbled mass of information andurge "the men of this town of what will advance your particular leaves him freer to expend his reto make themselves worthy purpose. The clearer cut your serve energy on all the processes

examples for boys of Scout age own idea is of what you need, of persuasion that arise when face to imitate."the more prompt and sharp is to face with the actual speech situyour decision, the more courageation: it best solves all the diffi-

B. How to gather and arrange ous you will be in discarding matculties that are herded together in

your material. ter, excellent enough in its way, the complaint, "I can't remember

1. I. cited Sources under surest frameit is the for immediate speech:"your not A. but purmy classification filing sysand a real build to your speech Consequently pose. which upon work

(I. tems, A.J.) brief speech, which in all compact, the power will more extempore be

2. Bibliographies. and effective. is admittedly the highest form of

in an it preserves address: public the importance not overlook Do

speech, ordered form a worthwhile bibliography, which\\7ITH the subject, the point of of an adequate view, object of your speech is an integral part of a carefully which may be used repeatedly and carefully determined, your next prepared speech composition. List which may be continuously and

step is to survey the mass of data your sources accurately, i. e. Philsatisfactorily altered to meet changflexibility is actually assembled or in reach. Exlips, A. E., "Effective Speaking,"ing conditions—this

haust the resources of your nearest Newton Co., Chicago, 1908. This an almost priceless addition to

library, and if further information applies not only to those actually one's speech resources. Furtheris desirable your librarian will asused, which may be marked, but more, it offers a picture of the

sist you. Remember the public others that you may wish to use completed speech, from which an

the estimate of be content may libraries adequate and state—capital, An accurate necof time the length gained and or county of an is one at your bibliographylater. mark ofuniversity—areyour

disposal. It is not so often a quesorderly mind. essary for its adequate delivery. It

tion of the mass of data as it is of is an obvious and ever present help "digesting"of the mass. the brief—

to A C. How to construct the speech. towardconsummationbeing reasonablymost devoutly is to jot practical system very of an adequate Importance be desired in all speakers! sized liordinary the on down brevity outline. Reasonable important (3"x5") card brary throughout Write discover them. as items you

is 1. to plan procedure Introduction. The SIMPLE A the name the card of at the top

divisions clearly three marked The Main Discussion. i date, page, 2. author, book, the of Introduction; 3. speech: Conclusion. in your The under circumstances particular

Conclusion. Discussion; Main et made, statement was the which introduction the purpose of The been has procedure general all conditions those indeed, cetera;

is for attention favorable to win set fundamento broad down particuthe light (\XJK on throw which cause, to his the speaker and and inthe principles tal which upon therein. contained lar information

all all explanation, set the forth ibis build speaker dividual may the filed under cards are These necesinformation the preliminary esso speech But methods. own maintaining are classifications you

sential is an adequate speech outiBrigance, W. N., "The Spoken—"Scouting, Quotations;"

"Scouting, Illustrations;""Scoutline, that this "rule"seems almost Word,"F. S. Crofts 8 Co., N. Y.,

ing, History;"et cetera. obligatory. 'The one imperative 1927.

.

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 207

sary for an understanding of the follows. Use the most forceful out with most meticulous care and

consequent discussion; you aim to and compelling evidence to be memorize his vivid closing parawin goodwill, a fair hearing, to found; deliberately avoid confusgraphs, so that there might be not

awaken keen interest, even perhaps ing, weak, random and rambling the slightest uncertainty; no ramcuriosity. But if you desire fairnotions, assumptions and surmises. bling verbosity, no new arguness, be fair. Let your actual disWeld your evidence together by ments to distract, and never an

cussion live up to your advance constant application of material anticlimax.

notices. State your theme conthat obeys such accepted factors Examine this speech outline as

servatively and come up to the exan example of the points emphapectations aroused in the hearts of sized above.

your listeners. Do not announce Subject

is great voice a human J- HE "Love, lecture ona profound iboy scout of the the meaning is It men. human among 2 in America.Health and Marriage,"and preMovement truth to to then powernature hear want

dish up to your audience a few sen ted in the mast interesting and, Object make of the town men The if be, vivid manner. the most thepages correspondence may from

of of—shouldfor boys examples themselves worthy is public It the the province of of the Supplecolumn Sunday imitate. to age Scout to speaker convince and move menment. Introduction action. done to be can This them

ansixteenth the celebrating are living voice the manand I. We take introduction one through may An

of the founding the Boy of niversary says only,"ner, which Humby these yet meet forms, andof many States. United in the is to movement Scout able "the speaker boldt,

main demands. A personal illusbreathe, as it were, his own soul II. Before the founding in America

organized been the had already capitalmovement atration; local reference; into the soul of his hearers."BadenRobert by Sir in in 1907 England occasion,izing the or immediate

what has just been said by a prePowell.III. Since, in spite of the prominence

the speaker; realize the itemceding some us from of few the movement, of entertaininterestingness and of its I wish teachings, underlie that idealslocal press; conspicuous obsome exconcrete use as: of the in ment discuss them toject; person; important some some ourselves.tonight—particularly abunrelated to relation rather their than amples cetera; et event,recent community

Discussion curiosity; stractions; suspense Main and hearts the these openany of may inimitative the capitalizes I. Scouting drapicturesque, moving, vivid,

appropriate boy. old audience. theof 1 2 to the 16 year of An challenge matic narration; that the realized founders and stinctA. Its is often sucanecdote, well told,

jest; infinite conflict; humor, fun, instinct twowas natural boy'scessful floodgates in the unlocking familiar fold. the tenderness; pathos,

of that quotation goodwill. his A together with gangs 1. He the strange, beloved; the well and

is trite in is briskly that not fellows. but

selfinterest; queer, loythe new; afmodelled are gangs 2. These histheme; an withtune your

alty, arguidealism. main to The groups known ter fact, startling,torical a not but literfrom speech the in your advanced ments boys—drawnolder a statement; absurd,obviously life. actual or ature, movies constantly be must by

stato good challenging put be instinct comparison;sharp may B. This as such means uses. or supportedthese—which bad incior dramatic unusual

rational position, strengthen your of boy gangs of read 1. We incidents these are of have boys tistics;dents—all because attenintensify they the criminals—these successfullyoften employed. The of kind the wrong imitated tion.

ideals. your incaution view is—keep organizations school high 2. Our tritenesschief avoid purpose, and

of damage the to duplicate, conclusion is the final em- '"PHE flattery.or fulsome the orstudents, school high

It theme. phasis upon your college. in ganizations

significance the the of given are good boys If the 3. is deshould discussion to main'"PHE

the results imitate to things the give whole fixspeech—-should detail, central - velop, in your uplifting. are discussion, entire the gist of and rhetorical correct atheme. the to instinct As this uses C. Scouting its doctrines. for arouse enthusiasm advantage. fullest follows the speakerunit, not only

the of brief tool summary BadenPowell main 1 Robert correct com- A ofthe accepted canons it "The made and the necessity. practical is a arguments gang* particular also theposition, but roop. quite formally be given This may effective speaker. ofcanons after an troop the modelled 2. TtSir He still studied that or better with organizations. various that unity be which mustThere

the reiterates informality contributed which pioneer a. The single the with themecomes from

hardiness and ideals of the in restating ideas without them its partition the into subproper courage. identical previousthe used phrases

it best divisions can be which groups by military the b. From

ly. subtle suggesemploys This obedience ideal of the came presented. will be always These

is skillfully tion done and when authority. to climacticconsidered in order—the gave Indian American c. The persuasive. The conclusion last. This highly important comingmost ability and of nature love is the emoan time for. employing logical chronological, order her. with may be "get along"to

or topical. In any case avoid untional appeal, a prophecy, a chal- d. From the Knights of King

call lenge, quotation, a ideals a ringing of came Arthur there digressions. related Always

respect chivalry, to woof to that pro- a arms, watchword setting in logical order a be must on page 238] [Continued feeling of unity motes thought and data, in the forth argumentative order that the audience may folin the minds of the audience. 2An outline of a classroom speech prefor Stephens Robert pared A. Mr. by important Here train of thought. did your So Daniel Weblow

Council Scout of the banquet imagined an as ster consider his conclusions, that substatement each must stand the anniversary foundsixteenth of the on a reason for the main statement it he made it a habit to write them ing of the Boy Scouts of America.

Values By LINDA S. FLETCHER

Illustrated by Paul S. Clowes

.XAJlS Louise Alder

opened the gate that led to the campus her heart was beating high with a happiness that brought a flush to her olive cheeks and a proud light to her Madeset eyes of deepest black. She drew her

smart coat more closely around her slender, petite body, emphasizing thus the delicate curves of her graceful figure, and tilted her pointed chin archly. She was

poised and ready for the flood of adulation that she knew would greet her when she reached the buildings and encountered her schoolmates. How fortunate it

was that she had had no classes before assembly this morning! It

would be so exciting to meet the 'Daddy, I shan't let you prove a traitor to your love, just to help we in whole school at once and receive mine. We will welcome my friends here, or not at all."

its praises! Most thrilling of all,

perhaps Bob Vernon would seek her out and sit beside her at asstowed upon her—she who had

sembly. She recalled how admirbeen so unnoticed before and now

ingly his blue eyes had rested upon found herself so courted. Of

her the night before when she had course, if she had won Bob Vermade such a hit as the Spanish non's interest, the others were girl in the school play, "Isabella."bound to follow his lead, for

It was so wonderful to know that wasn't he the most popular fellow she had excited attention after her in school and his father the wealthnearly four years of starving for iest man in town? Perhaps, some

admiration. of her dreams would yet come

Yes, there was Bob, his fair true.

hair blowing in the breeze, just Indeed, the dearest one she had coming down the steps. She had ever had was realized when she

timed her appearance just right entered the auditorium at Bob's he had seen her—was hurrying side, leading a miniature triumphal

toward her, followed by an adprocession of fellowstudents. It

miring group. was so thrilling to sit beside him.

"Luck, Miss Alder, to see you,"to glance up now and then at his he said, as he approached her eagerfine profile, and to have him turn ly. "May we escort you to asand smile at her. She had seen

sembly?"him so often beside some of the

"You were great last night, other girls; but it did not seem

Miss f Alder!""Wonderful actpossible that such great joy should

ing!""A real princess!"were some come to her, the ialoof maiden

of the phrases 'with which the who had hidden her longings so others greeted her. effectually under a careful mask

of indifference, while she looked

JLOUISE wondered at with bitterness upon the girls who the poise with which she was able wore pretty clothes and had such to accept the admiration they bemerry times.

a

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 209

Bi>UT all such resentments were now swallowed up in the happy knowledge that she had at last won his interest. It was

clothes that mattered, she decided.

How beautiful she had been in the gorgeous costumes that had been rented for her to wear in the play! Bob had really seemed

to be seeing her for the first time when he came to the stage to congratulate them after the last act.

"You have a lot of traps, no doubt. Mayn't I drive you

home?"And then to sit beside him in his luxurious roadster and just relax. How she had loved it. A little later she and Bob left the others

"Perhaps that means you will and walked to the front yard.

travel with the play. It would

be good advertising for the school,"Bob was saying, and such an actress in our plays beLouise, startled from her reverie, fore."

became aware that Mr. Ashton, "Do you really think I did

the dramatic coach, was making an well?"

announcement. "Well? You're a real artist!"

"We will meet in Room 12,"Bob told her enthusiastically.

he finished, and Louise looked questioningly at Bob.

just as Bob T was I paid no attention know, "You ascast the had she predicted. When to saying,"he was what

smiled. "I think I was in dreamsembled, Mr. Ashley announced

land."that the faculty had decided to

road. the play on the cast of send to see the "He wants will to the northern go "We after directly 'Isabella'assembly.

after tonext week; day

I saying, imagine I was As to will go that townsmorrow—Friday—we to the play take planning he is that night play there Georgetown, around the other of towns to some here also Saturday, returning

here what we can and and them show afternoon,"he told them. Sunday do."

Louise felt her heart give a sickAs he announced their itinerary. Louise held her breath but breathed ening pause, but she smiled—freely again at his conclusion.

tightlipped little smile. There would be no time for a visit

"But that will interfere with to the little town she called home.

our school work,"she protested She was so relieved that her dark lamely. She didn't care a thing eyes glowed again.

about such a trip with Bob left "I can take a car,"volunteered behind, and Bob, boldly. "I was sure you

would need my help in getting L</DUISE dropped her things lined up, so took the liberty eyes and stood quietly as the beneof coming in."

diction was pronounced, but "Glad to have you come along, thoughts that caused a thrill of Robert,"Mr. Ashley asserted,

fear to pierce through her, leaped cordially, his bright gaze resting into her mind. As the amen was indulgently upon Bob.

pronounced, Bob turned to her 'Til see that you ride with me, with a smile. if you'll tell me you'd like to,"

"I'll go along to the meeting said Bob in a low aside to Louise with you and find out what it as they rose to go to their classis all about. As mayor of this room.

schoolcity, I should know all that "I should enjoy it very much,"is going on. If it's to be a trip, I the girl assented happily, long,

rather think they'll want me curling lashes sweeping her cheeks along, anyway. And don't you to hide the light in her eyes.

worry about the grind,—they'll

let you off easy for doing so much 1 RY as she would, for the school. We've never had however, Louise could not think

210 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

of the trip without a premonition grow to be ze bootiful ladee like herself, spending her time with of fear. Of course her home town, my other Louvisa!"and he would her books and making a brilliant

because of the rutted, rocky road gaze so wistfully at the portrait scholastic record.

that led to it from the main highof a lovely lady who smiled down way, Was not often visited by on the two she had left behind travelers; but something might in the strange little town to which W:ITH the advent of the

happen that would take her friends she had failed to become accusVernon family into Cedarville and there. Now that she had awaktomed after her years in the "old the appearance of Bob Vernon at

ened Bob Vernon's interest, it countree."the school, however, Louise bewould be too cruel to have him And Louise had come at last, came passionately determined to

find out about her home and fastill a lonely little figure, to the do something that would win his ther. Not that she wouldn't give high school town half a hundred attention. Thus it was that sheher life for Daddy—but Bob miles away from Baxterville, leavhad tried for, and won, the leadwouldn't understand now. If she ing her father behind. She had ing part in the school play andbut knew him better—had had a found it almost impossible to disBob's prayedfor recognition. Shechance to win his love—then she card the proud aloofness she had could not Would not—allow

would not fear, "but, not now, donned as protective armor against anything to nip in the bud this not now."She found herself the slights and teasings, that had interest which she cherished as the

praying about it; a selfish little been so much a part of her premost desirable thing in her life!

prayer, perhaps, but it seemed so vious existence, and take part in "It's too bad they aren't planvital to all her hopes of happiness! the social life of the school; inning to go to your home town

It would be such a shock to stead, she had kept very much to and let you see your folks whileBob, who had always known we're gone,"Bob told her next wealth and culture and who lived day, as they were discussing the in a stately home that seemed a trip. "Shall I see what I can

mansion indeed to Louise, to see The Measure of a Life do about it?"

littleher pathetic there. back home 'There's only called be- a failure, Daddy—I-—I'll him it's just she hut!"a told"Why, T'HEY write have to and him come cause "broke,"he washerself, it despairingly. There replied to never Georgetown,"money much Had Louise

nestled, a tiny cottage of weathshow: vaguely. they musn't, mustn't Oh,

ered, all gray viewed logs, almost hidden They joke,. his efforts somego to Baxterville! as a whatfrom view great, spreading among

Believed insipid and him slow;fig trees, at the base of a towering

to help others could did all he He themountain, slope of bore which to end in need, HIS seemed Twide, black patches of lava rock. Easing burdens with gladness and the matter. off her Louise threw

Such a poor little house it was, song, worries and was the gayest of the twitted, slyly "He'll world tiny a big, Thewith two bedrooms, started they gay on "the when rtever succeed,"flagged kitchen, a wee cubby and road."to she Perhaps was trying "all foolish,"dreamer,"He's "a

hole of a place where Daddy sat wrong."drown the conscience that strove

all day, crosslegged, making and to tell her hurt would Daddy how what he could to make othHe did shoes.mending she be so if he coming was knew ers smile,

By sharing the burdens they near home and had failed to let bore; this, after hehim know. And father that of "failures"feel His friendship made AND sending so kind about had been life while is worth a littlehers! Such a of gnome

man was he, with his queer, Relieved those who were friendher the money for which she had less written that poor. and for she might buyspringy walk; shoulders, round "religion"for the of joy lived a He herself clothes the the of kind sittingfrom hours over so many sad, girls, other she with saw whom facethe shoes; greasy to the of love dark and weary Brought

like the leather apron he wore at heart, Bob, wore. It had been so thrilldiscard to clothing, her others drab where only good saw saw inghis long, work; locks heavy of He

bad, apparel; spring and becoming don black hair;waving gleaming white to Helped make many a new as so, tried and, she did to sheteeth; slumbrous and was start. eyes—he forget the wistful eyes black different!so great eyes of Those

his had always been full of love They said, "He's a failure;"yes, tired, old eyes full of affection for

her failed, fiercelycherished he hadfor as called Louvisa,"—in her he "my

most things he had outward At intoxicating newfound, happiLouise, seen but she had them done, ness.blaze with wrath some when sacrifice, hardships, of But when and

the urchins of the village (on mis- "loves were entailed As they sped on their journey, chief bent and considering the Where others left off, he'd beshe at Bob's side and three others queer old fellow their legitimate He didn't gun! "have money,"had never of the cast in the rear seat of the

prey) would play tricks on "old "made good,"sedan he was driving, Louise

Willy Alder"or tease the tiny Didn't shine in the mad race for thought, glowingly, of the smart motherless girl who was his pelf, young miss that had smiled from possessed rare a He "something"daughter. her her, as mirror she took upon

understood, which few before responding last look one "Ve'll show them some day, failure? Well, guess it your- A

the brats!"her father would cry self! to the summons of Bob's horn.passionately at such times. "Just—Kenyan Wade. It was so glorious to be young

vait till you go to school and and to drive through the sweet

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 211

spring air with the youth who She listened in a daze, joining in was the embodiment of one's girlAiLND the knowledge mechanically as the others comish ideal. She must win him for that he was there, waiting for pleted their plans. How soonher own, in spite of every obher, caused Louise's soul to sing could she tell them goodnight—

stacle! and her face to glow with radiant how soon be alone and think

happiness. Her emotions were to plan! What could she do?

liberated by the intoxication of she played happiness, that and this resolution W:ITH

that fervorfirmly fixed such fire and in her role with mind, it was her OHE voiced the queswith some trepidation that Louise, she won curtain call after curtain tion in a husky moan when at in her Spanish dress of yellow call from the fascinated audience. last she was alone in her room.

satin and black lace, her lustrous "It's going great,"chirrupped One wild plan after another prehair drawn smoothly back and the excited Mr. Ashley, as, besented itself, but they were all

dressed with the tall jeweled comb tween acts, he strode from one so grotesque, so impossible. She

and mantilla, her face made up to dressing room to another, encoureven found herself almost wishing a dazzling comeliness under the aging, praising. that Daddy had married Miss

brilliant lights, drew back a tiny As the last curtain went down, Smutz, Baxterville's lone but fold of the stage curtain and peered Bob hurried to Louise and caught wealthy spinster, who had been so forth at the assembled throng. The her hands enthusiastically. determined to annex him ever

house was packed; but, though 'That went even better than since Louise could remember.

she scanned the sea of faces inat home!"he congratulated; and That, at least would have given

tently, no intense, dark face looked soon the girl was surrounded by her a home of which she need not up at the curtain. She breathed admirers. be ashamed. * * * If she were only

a sigh of relief; for, although she in Baxterville, perhaps she could

had not written to her father that do something.

it! She would leaveshe was coming to Georgetown, A:.S soon as they could That was

she was afraid that, some way, slip away, Bob and Louise walked a note for Bob and go home on he might hear of her presence out into the April night for a the five o'clock mail stage in the there and come, post haste, to see little, dreaming stroll together. morning.

her. Oh, she was so happy! Her joy Having arrived at this decision,

"That's a real house, isn't it?"would have been perfect, she the girl dropped into a fitful

exulted Bob's voice in her ear; thought, if only she could have slumber but woke early with the

and she smiled at him, drawing a forgotten Daddy and how proud fixed idea that if she were to see little aside that shoulder to shoulhe would have been to witness Miss Smutz, something could be reason, arranged. when For thisder, triumph out. her they look might both tonight—Daddy, creek the across stage drove their faces so carefully that the saved were that someSo close who had

notto-beresisted magnetism drew she might enjoy educational adbridge into Baxterville some two them still closer and closer until vantages so few in Baxterville had hours later, a pale but determined driver to leave the directed Louise doubt, Louise's cheek touched who, noBob's and received—Daddy, place. her at the Smutz her, of to apart, only quickly they drew was even now thinking

turn and smile tremulously into glad that she would soon be comeach other's eyes. ing back to spend vacation with

"You look so lovely,"whishim. M,.ARIA Smutz, who

pered Bob, huskily, taking her At the hotel where they were was digging around some rosehand in his. "I can't think why all staying, Bob and Louise found bushes in her front yard when

I didn't get to meet you sooner."the others chatting together over the stage stopped at her gate,

And then, apparently changing the sandwiches and orange juice, when glanced up inquiringly, peering subject, as the girl's long lashes they went in. out at her visitor from the caverndropped shyly: "We have some good news for ous depths of the big blue sun-

"Did you get your herbarium you, Miss Alder,"Mr. Ashley bonnet she wore.

done for botany?"greeted them; "Masters, the school "Well, if it hain't Louisa!"she

Louise shook her head; it was principal here says we had everyexclaimed wonderingly, as the girl

so hard to talk to him when he one in town out tonight and he came up the path. "I hardly knew

looked at her with such adoration thinks it wouldn't be worth our yuh in all them new duds,"she in his eyes. Why, she had while to play here again. We've continued in her nasal voice. "I

dreamed of this! decided to take in the sights around guess yer Pa had tuh fork up

"Let's hunt our flowers tohere tomorrow and then drive over a good bunch of his savin's tuh gether when we get back?"Bob to Baxterville in the afternoon and outfit yuh like that."

suggested eagerly, and Louise asvisit there until sometime Sunday, "I want to talk to you, Miss sented: "Let's do."when we will go back home. How Smutz,"Louise replied quietly but

"Oh, there you are,"said Mr. does that suit you?"with a tenseness in her manner

Ashley in a tense whisper behind Louise's heart stopped sickenthat made the spinster eye her them. "Time for the curtain. Get ingly. keenly, as the girl led the way to

in place for your entrance please, "Just the thing,"Bob agreed the chairs on the porch.

Louise."enthusiastically, and Louise heard Seated there, Louise explained

"I'll be waiting for you when her own voice, colored with simhow she happened to be in that you come off,"smiled Bob, as ulated pleasure, assent, even while part of the country.

Louise went on. her whole soul silently protested. "Land sakes, and didn't tell

212 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

yer Pa?"asked Miss Smutz acMaria Smutz considered, not "You see, we presented our

cusingly. without a gleam of triumph in her school play in Georgetown last

The girl's pale cheeks flushed. hawk eyes. night, and it made such a hit.

"Oh, Miss Smutz, I've been a "Well, if yer Pa comes and There's a wonderful young man

I thinkhorrid snob, but I just can't down asks me tuh marry him today,"traveling with us—and

my miserable pride. I'm ashamed she announced, bargaining, he's learning to love me, Daddy.of my home, of—"she choked "there'll be plenty of good beds He's coming here today."

on a sob and then went on deterand a fine supper for yer friends "Any one my Louvisa lofes is minedly, painting an eloquent picwhen they come. You can tell welcome,"Willy Alder said, wistture of her fear of what Bob would them. housekeeper!"ful eyes upon her.

think of her surroundings, ending and she I'm—yourcackled triumphantly. "Of "But, Daddy, he is so rich and

—totragically:Baxterville—today!"And he's comingWhathere course,housekeeper,if yerhePawon'tlater bemarriesthe firsthis ouryou littlethink homehe willis loveso poor.me whenDo

can I do?"man who has done such a thing."he sees me here? I just can't bear

"Well,"announced Miss Smutz Louise gave a little shudder, but to think that I may lose him.

with a superior air, "I don't blame yielded to the finality in Maria's If you had only married Missyuh for. being ashamed of that tone. Of course, if Daddy wished Smutz—

log shanty up there among the it, she had no right to dissent, "You shall not lose him. I

rocks even if yer father loves it and it did solve her problem. shall go to Miss Smutz."

and says it's like the chalets in And now to meet her father. "Oh, Daddy, are you sure you

Switzerland. But,"her thin lips really want to?"set primly—"you might have had "Of course, if it will make my

a better home."She glanced took up her Louvisa happy."LXDUISE

around complacently at the spasmart traveling bag and started up With a queer, rolling dignity, ciousness of her gracious colonial the treebordered lane that led to he passed into his bedroom; and,

house in its setting of delightful, her father's chalet. The quaint her emotions in a tumult, Louise

informal"You—wantedgardens. to marry DadSwissperchedhomeon ofa silveredslope undergray logsthe slippedkitchen. out the back door of the

dy?"Louise asked softly. frown of the black mountain that

towered over the village. Such a

tiny cottage, doubly shabby in A.N Alpine garden

Mi.ISS SMUTZ bridled. Louise's eyes as she thought of with a colorful rockery greeted

"Well, why not? He's the only Bob's home. her, where it made a picturesque

man in town anywheres near my Her father came to the door in spot against the mountain side.

age, and I don't care much for response to her rap and at sight A small patch of alfalfa, a kitchen this living alone. William ain't of her brushed his hand across his garden, and a strawberry bed, with

much for size, but I always eyes as if he couldn't believe that here and there groups of fig and thought him romantic and foreign he saw aright. other fruit trees, occupied the rest

lookin'. An'don't forget he was "Louvisa!"What a world of of the little hillside plot. It was

willin'enough, too, if he hadn't prideful tenderness in his tones as restful out here. Louise examined

been afraid you wouldn't like it."the girl put her farms tenderly the strawberry vines in their shelPerhaps Maria had really conabout him! After all he was her tered nook. Already, the plants

vinced herself that this was the good, kind father, and she loved were bearing luscious berries.

reason why Willy Alder had him, perhaps she had forgotten, a As she again approached the avoided her advances. little, just how much. house, smothered sobs caught her

"Do you really mean that?""Daddy, such a wonderful thing startled ear and she stole to her

Louise asked incredulously. has happened,"Louise went on father's door in alarm.

"Well, why not?"retorted to explain impetuously, as she "Oh, my Louvisa,"he was tellMaria haughtily. seated her father in his comforting that other "Louvisa"in there

could Louise not his kneelpicture a stool to could rocker answer her able and him drew—Louise she still unbelieving.although was 'her of portrait the explain ing before knee. she make and CouldOf course, Maria was not such a him understand without hurting mother—"I must go to that other

bad sort, if one did not compare him? voman, when I vould haf no

her with the lovely lady who had odder voman than you, cherie, been Willy Alder's adored wife. whom I lofe so much. But you

Perhaps her father had been willunderstand. Our Louvisa is

ing to accept Maria as a companashamed of 'our 'poor chalet—

ion. Surely she had no right to must do it for her. Forgife me

interfere with his inclinations.

"Why I wouldn't hinder Daddy's doing anything he likes,"she told Maria softly and then con- A;SHAMED? She

tinued impetuously, "Oh, Miss would drive her father to another

let him and me memory of her mother so tenderly.you—wouldSmutz if I toldyou him so, would woman when he cherished the

come here today and welcome my Louise felt a sickening shame at friends as if this were really my her own unworthiness to be the home?"Her voice was unsteady. [Continued on page 244]

thirtynine colonial forebears—

mostly Puritans, who never compromised with sin. And so, when Joseph Smith Joseph Smith took to wife the

beautiful and highly intelligent

Emma Hale, large of body and dark of eye, he was in fact getting A Modern a rare bargain. But so was she,

for that matter. For his thirtyfour American ancestors all but

matched her thirtynine, and fully American Prophet matched them in colonial and

Puritan character. These seventyBy JOHN HENRY EVANS threeworth pillarshavingof backsocietyof wereyou welland

your wife.

VI JOSEPH and Emma's courtship completely lived up to what the

And now the scene shifts to Harmony, the home of the greatlove—itShakespeardid not saysrun of"smooth."all true

Hates in Pennsylvania. Indeed, it had been rough.

You see, Joseph's reputation, but his character, not had gone is a of ing upon. town two husyoung TheHARMONY before to Pennsylvania. him This walked. bands hopes High and or three hundred two reputation not had counted with love their kept their limbs new and farmers, She Emma. inhabitants—allsome content his was with hearts tired. getting from at in that. the country, and new fine figure, his bearing, handsome Isaac has Hale the reputation "settlement,"though, word The his and magnetic personality-—as of "a being It hunter."mighty better a perhaps be would word girl what not be? would not But has come early those from as down a description of than "town"so the father. young The man

if it days when, it for not been the had place. scat- a has For but applying was who for the hand his long carbine his sure and aim, tered houses population, the farm his of daughter bore the of name the Hales both the and Lewises separated being mostly wide by being visionary. And would who died have of starvation. would spaces. Nevertheless, the twentyBut a want sonin-law alwas who

it as all they was survived, thanks houses, apart odd wide however seeing ways things inthat were skill, to his a part and took be, a they group form by may visible to other people? themselves, when taken in connecalbeit a reluctant part—in a work

that to was the great Hale make tion stretch the of with name fact, a matter of Joseph had AS in the years. coming this state. known in part the of woodland They ** into come the neighborhood as

it in their have as power, shall is Moreover, the we on Harmony a digger."is "money That what see farther in this story, on the beautiful of banks Susquehanto his say. enemies Josiah Stoal had that make name honorable more na river, sinuously flows which brought there see if to him there

still. a of part through Pennsylvania was anything to be got out of an

state the adjacent and of New old Spanish far mine not from the time Joseph beSmith is across the JustYork. stream AT the where Hales If the 1 * takes himself, the with prethe of town Susquehanna—-which whole truth were cious plates lived.known—which the of of Book great itself a Morthinks deal of on it is very might well apnot,—it to the mon, former his of its home largeraccount of of number pear that Stoal to was attempting wife, the Hale family comprises the itspeople prospects. brighter and profit the from gift young man's father, the chilmother, nine and acres a of ninetyseven farm On seership. of all events, At Joseph dren, ages thirrangelive whose the from Hales. to went Harmony, there and he to tytwo twentyone. love had found instead of gold.

'T'HE Hales are one of the imNot many families that have That was in October, 1825.

portant families in Harmony, published their genealogies can When the young couple after which ever way you look at them. boast as long a line of sturdy an- a year of courtship, decided to

They were among the first settlers cestors as the Hales. The first Hale marry andso informed the family,in this part of Pennsylvania—they came from England to America the father made serious objections.

and the Lewises, relatives. Isaac early in the seventeenth century. But the lovers, nothing daunted,

Hale and his brotherin-law, NaHis name, however, was not Hale, were determined that the ceremony thaniel Lewis, came here about but Heald. Somehow or other it should go on anyway. So they

thirtyseven years ago. A yoke had got itself altered in spelling went across the line into New

of steers pulled all their belongings on the way between that first York State, and there the wedding in a cart. In the cart, too, were American and the father of Emma. took place. Joseph had just turned

the two youthful brides, riding It is a way that names had in those twentytwo. Emma was in her

atop of the load, happy in the unstable days. Between that first twentythird year. She was thereadventurous life they were enterHeald and Emma Hale there lay fore exactly one year, five months,

214 The Improvement Era for February, 1931 and thirteen days older than her been telling him all along that own expense to consult the learned.

husband. he is superstitious, that he is wastPoor befuddled Martin, had he

it, might have saved And now, at the end of the ing his time and his money in but known year 1827, all family difficulties nursing any concern over the purhimself all this bother. For, at

patched up, Joseph and Emma are ported visions of Joseph Smith. bottom, it is like asking the man

back under the Hale roof. All the same, she herself is secretly on the street whether what Jesus

just as curious about those same says about loving your neighbor

CSTABLISHEDhis fatherin-law,in theJosephhome alof visionsotherwise,as hercanhusband.one explainForcertainhow, poweris true ofaftereveryall,onewhento findit isthatin outthe

most immediately sets to work on visits made by Mrs. Harris to for himself, and that, too, very

his literary task. Between the Mother Smith and her sly offers easily. But, anyhow, that is what

time of his arrival at Harmony, of help in the way of money? Harris does.

in December, 1827, and the folcalls a Professor Anthon seeing curiosity, on on he V/f ARTIN'S of February, monthlowing * certain a Dr. Mitchell, of has UE** and made the copy Joseph of number"considerable copies "a

the strange characters on the goldthe characters on the plates, is two noted specialists in ancient en leaves of the Nephite Record, whetted to a sharp edge. What languages. Just what these men

and, by means of the urim and would the learned linguists of New tell him is hard to say. Martin

thummim, he translates some of York City say about these charHarris says one thing, and the them. acters, with the translation of professors say another thing. You

One day in this latter month them? And will Joseph let him cannot believe both. And so,

who should turn up in Harmony take the transcripts to some scholrather than enter into a long ar- a but his old friend Martin Harris. ars in that town to see what they gument over the matter—for

Martin Harris, a man twentythree will say? long argument it would be and

really get us nowhere in years older than the young seer, Joseph will—and does. would

as well dismiss has been lured to Pennsylvania by So Harris makes a journey to the end—we may

a strange power, just as a steel the New York metropolis at his once for all what both parties say, filing is attracted and go to the outto a magnet. The standing fact in

chances are that, the situation.

if you were to ask That fact is him what drew that Martin Harris h i m hither, he has been convinced would say it was by something they curiosity. And, to said or did or left

tell the simple unsaid or undone truth, Martin Harthat Joseph Smith ris is not deficient is not a fraud, but in this quality. a teller of the

truth. Martin

THIS fortyfive Harris returns to * yearold farmHarmony, with er cannot rest till his mind made up he knows whether (o help the young

Joseph Smith realseer in every way ly has any gold he can. It is a

plates, as rumor hard fact to get suspects he has, on round. For Marwhich is written tin went there

in an unknown with his mind optongue the history en. He wanted to

of an extinct peoknow. He had no

ple. For, if it can prejudice one way

be shown that he or another, so far has such a record, as appears on the as Martin Harris surface. As a matvery well knows, ter of fact, it

then it is credible would be greatly that he has seen an to his advantage, angel. How else from a worldly

can the sacred point of view, to book be accounted learn that there for? was nothing to the

Harris's interest claims of his in the matter has young friend of been piqued by his having seen an analso is gel. And then, wife—who not devoid of curiPhoto by Courtesy of Herald Pu b. Co., Independence, Mo after a conversaosity. She has EMMA HALE SMITH tion with each of

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 215

these two scholars, he comes place in Martin Harris'soul. NatVTEVERTHELESS, like nearly

back to Joseph and offers himself urally skeptical in disposition, he. every one else, he is not enas scribe to him in the work of is at last convinced beyond any tirely at peace while his friends

translation. doubt that he is really engaged in are laughing at him. In fact he

It is very hard to explain away a divine work. He knows how is greatly disturbed in his mind.

that fact. impossible it is for his young He would give anything to prove

a friend, to poor country are without that boy them they mistaken this is time near the middleTRY education, all in to this their in make views of Joseph up his and of April. the does time itHow his head. visions. things wonderful he The firmly believes Andfly! Joseph has anthe had now

if setting has that he been they paon could only down read the cient record seven almost months, per, details coming top of the of on the is what wonderful story heand yet no has headway been made setting scholars told two the about those him on sheets down of it. atowards translation of But characters foolscap he to had submitted after day day, they, too, isthere reality in to great need no

them, altogether remove from his would believe and try to find somehurry.

last the lingering to as mind question help way the Cause. for is the room got purpose A to existence the of the strange time book idea One occurs an to him.in the part the of Hale residence

its origin. and let Joseph Maybe will take himwhich Joseph and occupy. Emma

is Harris his But pitting the time manuscript to his in Palhome is curtain heavy in hung upA against and great odds. money His to his myra folks. show Anyhow, it, sectionone as of separate so to

is wife a thinks fool, it he does will and do ask. no to harm he Sothe translator literary his helpand

tell hesitate to not so. asks Her him to Joseph inquire of the Lorder. is to take precautions This

sister, his Mrs. PreCobb, brother or whether he not that. do maythat one no has but even Joseph served, his even and mother and after This happened the had twoa at peep the golden For volume. father believe the same thing of a gone considerable in the way asMoroni, remember, you very

tell him; they frankly and him book.strictly enjoined to not him show that at his age he to ought know so, does Joseph receives the and it to special one any perwithout better to than his waste time and is answer that to the he not allow so.mission to do

a following means mere with boy manuscript to his out of go hands.

CO there, on the one side of the too much imagination. But Mar-

. curtain, sits the twentytwo- tin Harris, who likes to think his HTHAT settles the matter for a

yearold seer, with the plates before own thoughts and to go his own * time. But as the story gets

him and his piercing blue eyes way in life, pays no heed to the more and more interesting, Harris on the strange stones set in a silver headshakings and jeers of his relbecomes more and more anxious.

bow; and there, on the opposite atives. At least, he does not let Also he hates to give up. So he

side of the curtain, sits the fortyit appear that he does. importunes his friend to ask again.

fiveyear-old farmer, pen in hand Joseph dislikes to do that, for he and a bottle of ink in front of has had an experience or two in him, ready to take down whatever If Joseph Came the same line and he hesitates to words come behind from may isscreen. the IF JosephOur Ztoncameintotheseewest,now doesrepeatnotit. likeAt tothehurtsamethe time,feelingshe a great quiet, Outside

is like that. occasionallywhich is broken by TheAgainstcity wethehavemountainbuilt tocrest,—him ofAnda so,friend.in theJosephend, his resolutionthe barking of a dog, the mooing

of a cow, or the shout of a farmer, How many things to show him in breaks down under the pleading depending on the time of day or This valley of our peace. of Martin.

night it is. The seed we sowed in pain and The answer is the same, and

Two months go by, during Haswantyielded rich increase: there the matter rests again for

which Joseph dictates from behind a while.

gathering dusk be would The now a asthe curtain as story strange silentrising seas; In time goes on, however, the AS fiction, in read canany and you houses be vanishing would The idea rises once in Harris's more sets sheetsMartin trees. a million on some down Among

it indeed ever has lain mind—ifof foolscap the exact of words

is sea a Valley stars! of The It down. well be that may Martin seerthe in the best very young lights in Small homes know. we has recently read parable in the a his finundisciplinedpenmanship golden of web chords organ A Testament a about New beman to fro. weaving Goesgers and write. on, 'goes can This ing unwilling rise to his from bed after night after day night and 'Tis of the music names we love, to give away, for friendship's sake, translator clerk both and Israel's 'Tis sing, songs weday—for three loaves of bread, so but does the glorious mountain Theare extremely hymns, get the anxious to

task done as quickly as possible hymns, on account of his friend's importill one hundred sixteen pages are That set our hearts a- wing, tunity. At any rate, Harris acts

the suggestion. on Will Joseph for the printer.ready round us rise the mountain The work And inquire but this once. It is a walls nicely.is progressing

small thing, but Of everlastingness. fraught with And then it comes to a sudden Security girds round our hearts, great concern to him. Andhalt. heights all measureless. And again Joseph chiefly consents, on

"\7"ERY gradually, but very cerAnd blue is Heaven above us, account of the man's importunity.

tainly, as the marvelous story An endless starnailed dome. Strange to say, the answer this

——Isof the ancient Nephites unfolds Prophet?—Here is yes. time there But are conWeithavewell,builtdeara home.itself before the eyes of his imditions. is Harris to the show Musser.—Annaagination, takes a transformation writing five to only persons, who

216 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

brother, wife, his are named—his Mrs. Rear Seat Driving and his father and mother,

Cobb. By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, President of Bvigham Young University

Martin is happy. Joseph, howindividual type of rides in an rearseat-driver misgivings. ever, grave very has

dois always experience the man at the wheel it all. feel C-*--'VERYONEautomobile haswhohad right about does not He

So, in order to bind his friend with rear seat driving. This type ing the wrong thing.

the more firmly in the situation, he of thing has become so annoying I was a boy, my father puts him under a solemn covenant that it is the basis of a good deal of Y\7HEN to talk constantly to us not to show the manuscript to joking and no end of real sarcasm. used

any one whatsoever other than the Every person who drives an autoabout the dangers of finding fault five persons named. After which mobile is eager to become as prowith those in authority. He used

Martin leaves for Palmyra, with ficient as possible, but he resents to say, "You may think you are the sacred writing in his pocket. being nagged at by someone sitable to do the job better than the

is in charge, but you had ting in the rear seat who is conman who is he while better support him grievous as to a instructions committed has giving stantly JOSEPH until wait the reins and to holding that His shift gears, now. error. He knows which way when to

sin is twofold: He has needlessly turn out to avoid rocks, and when such time as you have a position tc

wearied the Lord with importunto honk the horn. I once knew of demonstrate to the world just how

ities, trampled under his feet the a man who became so exasperated the thing should be done."He

instruction of his Tutor given him at his wife who was directing used to emphasize the fact that over and over again, and he has from the rear seat that he finally fault finding in the Church, if perset at naught the counsels of God told her to come up and drive the sisted in, is sure to lead to apostasy.

to follow the dictates of his own car home and he would walk. Since those childhood days, I

will and carnal desires. That is The principle of the rear seat have observed that this applies

what he has done, for one thing. driving seems to run pretty genpretty much to every activity, as

And then, for another thing, he erally through all the activities of well as to Church work. The perhas put in jeopardy the work of life. There are those individuals son in a business organization who

two months. He has put himself who will not let a driver operate cannot support those over him is

later to kick himsooner or in of wicked men. the power in his but sure He the machine way own

I self organization. the out of translation. the delayed has Maybe giving fault insist and on finding

Martin will lose the manuscript, directions. Strange to say, these have noticed that assistants in edueven. rear seat drivers are usually just as cational institutions who are conJoseph is therefore not at all sensitive as anyone else when they stantly giving directions to the

surprised when the Angel of the themselves are at the wheel. head of the department, instead of

Record appears to him and takes caring for their own jobs, will from him not only the sacred fNE type of rear seat driver that eventually find themselves withplates, but the urim and thummim I consider most disagreeable out an invitation to ride with the as well! is the one who will not allow the one who is at the wheel.

person who is at the wheel in XJ ARRIS will be gone ten days Church affairs to drive in his own T T is my good pleasure to have *** or two weeks. It is underway. These individuals are never frequent dealings with the austood that he will return and take satisfied with the way the Sunday thorities of the Church, and I have

up the work of translation. MeanSchool superintendent conducts the always found them to be men of

time, Joseph must stay in Harservices. They are particularly the highest principles. The very

mony and eat out his heart in anxious to say how the bishop fact that they have the responsirepentance and sorrow. Most of should run the ward; they do not bility of office gives them ability

his time he works on the Hale go to the bishop in the spirit, of beyond their natural power, so farm. But his mind is not on his helpfulness and make constructive that if they have weaknesses these

work. It is rather with Martin suggestions, but are all the time are likely to be overruled and their

Harris and the sacred script. complaining to everybody about better selves brought forward in

Why did he ever yield to Marhow things are done. If these rear the discharge of their calling. Of

tin's importunities? seaters have a position themselves, course, as I sit in the rear seat and

There is no peace of mind for they are not satisfied to spend their watch them driving, there are cases him here. So he decides to go energies working at their own job in which I might turn around a

on a visit to his folk in Manchester. but are always thinking of the man stone in the road to the right where

That is the reason he gives to his in the seat ahead and giving sugthey turned to the left, but I usu-. wife and to himself. But the real gestions as to how he should do his ally find that their better view of

reason is that he feels, now more job. And they usually blame their the stone, because of their front

than ever, that something is going own lack of success on the man a- seat position, makes them right to happen to that manuscript, and bove them in authority. and me wrong. But even if I

he is determined to be where he Of course, those at the head of were right, I believe the part of can be of some help in case of the Church come in for their share wisdom is for me to let them drive necessity. of direction. There is complaint their way and then if I have any

Nor was Joseph's apprehensions at the way the tithing is spent, the monopoly on being the best driver unfounded, as we shall see in the persons who are selected to direct in the world I can demonstrate next chapter. the missions, those who are placed this to those who are riding with

{To be continued) in local positions; in fact, to the me when I am at the wheel.

Psychology of Faith By P. JOSEPH JENSEN

Of the Church''Historian's Office

THEfaithApostleas "ThePaudassurancedefinesof otherpointof-viewsocalled beliefscientificthought-is necessary, and"central"the wiresand fromfrom "central"an office toto things hoped for, the evias seen in the following: "In the home the sensory and motor

dence of things not seen."(Hevery nature of things the fundanerves, while the electric current

brews 11:1). In order to show mental elements in religion are not which charges the wires may repvarious phases of meaning of the capable of objective proof. They resent the nerve energy which for

word faith or belief as it is used must forever remain in the realms the eye the light wave serves as a by different writers, we quote the of belief. For example, the idea stimulus and for the ear the airfollowing: "Belief is the acceptof a Supreme Being lies at the very way.

ance without objective proof of heart of religion, yet how can one this Being?"of objective proof truth. give fact or be to purportswhat differ not do PSYCHOLOGISTS not can by 13.) (Betts tested p. to be is Man hypothesisIt an * general plan nor the above on experimentaresearch or scientific a thing experience. in Onceout sets of of the three last the with charexistence and place the prove tion a is longeris there no proved objective are because they factors suggested is also as (Betts, acter of God belief; then know."for we science. there to But and known "canst thou question, in Ziphar's Ministers,"Beliefs of 700"The differences opinion of are wide (Job find out God?"searching is by of type one "There 13.)p. befirst mind, the on quofactor—the latter two These 11:7.) variousbeen hasexperience which it is objective to the cause not true the consistent with are tations emotion, idea, as classed anly an quotations senses as the following but scientific do thought spirit of behavior; a toward tendencyand is will then mind? show: "What prayer through that not man is demean experience we whatthat is likely It should quite that we * will * to * God's may obedience belief. and term thescribe by if off could the better be word his of a to knowledge not come grows of thought a asBelief form literature the abolished be from that character and existence and a between the of harmonyout the sciences study the which of

to and not man come could earlier he percept idea and orpresent because of attributes animals of to him. himself known can make one percepts. Thus, orideas it a to difficulty assigning of the Faith, 93:1.) Cov. (Doc. and idea which suggestedbelieve any definite (Parmelee, meaning."The principle a fundamental as then, expast conflict with notdoes Behavior, Science of pp. Human a theological suggests religion in Physchology, (Judd.periences."is animal 322, 323.) an "Man Dr, religion. social As a and p. 298.) 1910, definite types certain born with "resubstance, in says Miligan this of structure. of kind Having the of is conception your ligion

is structure, to forced respond he definitions last make two science."THE follows universe which certain in to at stimuli birth ways with synonymous * belief is fundasubjective is, it That heartbreathing, (for example, of in the power which thought retheological While mentally. like.) the beat, sneezing This and a meaning. suggests imagination is objective. ligion

is repertoire in responses of genthe first conveys definition theBut consciousness of being aware of eral the same for each of us. Yet

the external world impressing the "EXPERIENCE teaches me that there exists a certain amount of is mind, as will later appear more - looking at abstract subjects variation in each—the variation

clearly. This distinction is funfrom different angles is clarifying. probably merely proportional to

damental and should be constantly For that reason we quote below the variation there is in structure course, structure, (including of in conthe show which statements in mind. kept

. is It constitution) chemical the the judgment on of men's clusions in is a fundamental faith That it repertoire that same was now orin then of mind. nature And folthe clear is religion by made first the genus apwhen homo psycholthe clearly see to more der is it faith without "But lowing; years millions peared of ago. many theological in the faith of ogy for he please him: to impossible call this reactions, us of group Let psyour consider shall sense, we believe must to that cometh God behavior."unlearned man's (John in nature constitution and chical is re- a is, that he and he that Psychologies B. Watson, of 1925, Jesus of teachings the of light the is, a (that that of them warder 1, 2.) pp. his prophets. Christ and diligently to revealer those who)

seek him."(Hebrews 11:6.) The sets of factors in our psy-

"More blessed are they who shall chical makeup may be represented 'The first and foremost conbelieve in your words because that in an outline form by the telecrete fact which every one will ye shall testify that ye have seen phone system. In this illustration affirm to belong to his inner exme, and that ye know that I am."the operator is to represent the perience is the fact that conscious-

(Ill Nephi 12:2.) And from the mind, the switchboard the brain. ness of some sort goes on. 'States

218 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

of mind'Succeed each other in HHHE foregoing quotations are as they are, and as they were, and him. If we could say in English representative of the judgment as they are to come."(Doc. and

'it thinks,'as we say 'it rains'or of man concerning mind with posCov. 93:24.) Man is literally a

'it blows'we should be stating sibly the exception of the last. spiritchild of God and therefore

the fact most simply and with the For, on another page Plato says inherits in embryo his attributes, minimum of assumption. As we in substance, "We should not one of which is to know. That

cannot, we must simply say that doubt the fathers'word concerning is, this spiritthing intelligence inthought goes on."(James, PsyGod for they tell us they held herently possesses the attribute to

chology, Briefer Course, p. 152.) frequent communication with know another thing, or be aware.

'The 'states of mind'which every him."Furthermore it has the attribute

psychologist believes in are by no to act as the following will show:

means clearly apprehensible, or dis- "All truth is independent in that tinguished from their objects. But me say, if any of our possphere in which God has placedto doubt them lies beyond the LiETterity shall be true to the Chrisit, to act for itself, as all intelscope of our natural science point tian religion, if we and they shall ligence also; otherwise there is no

live in fear the always of Godof in this book the view. And and existence."93: Cov. (Doc. and shall respect His commandments,provisional solution we which the in have 30.) We therefore shall just maintain and they if we

have reached must be the final moral sentiments and such consciword of the Creator or Organizer word: the thoughts themselves are entious convictions of duty as shall of man that intelligence is and its

life, control the heart and maythe thinkers."we (James, p. 216.) attributes are and knowing two

the have the highest of fuhopes the historian of day"Some acting. the remove can we And if ture of country. our But we

it will as write onethought down the "if"in question of Dr. James reject religious posterity our and

of the curious fallacies of immainstructions and authority, violate and can say, It thinks, as in Engture science that certain physiolothe rules of eternal justice, trifle lish we say, It rains.

gists, biologists, and even psycholwith the injunctions of morality or political instrucdestroyogists, their recklessly to call were satisfied tion us together, then holds attribute order the which to make TN mere bypro-own personalities cano a sudden man when knows intelaction of of independent essentialducts significance tastrophe without may overwhelm us.—ligence stand prominentout more Webster.in the just because world, they Daniel in animal ly both and man, we

did not find consciousness capable quote the following, both for and of description in the regular scienagainst:tific formulas adopted for the disNow let us turn to the theocussion and explanation of exterlogical teachings concerning man's "The explanation of the simnal reality. One hardly knows mind. This point of view is deplest act that an animal can present

how to find phrases in which to pendent on faith in the fact that depends first upon the specific iranswer those who hold consciousGod, the Creator of man, speaks ritability of certain elements of the ness to be less real and potent than to his prophets and tells them of body surface, and second upon the physical forces. Certainly, nature fundamentals concerning man's relations of symmetry of the body.

has protected and conserved conpsychical constitution and nature. Symmetrical elements at the sursciousness throughout the whole To such instructions we now turn. face of the body have the same

eleirritability, unsymmetrical thedevelopment of animal kingin also beginthe was "Man irritability. a different have ments Certainly, difthedom. world is Intelligence, or ning with God.

possess nearer the oral pole Thoseferent because consciousness has truth, light the created of not was of greater that than an irritability neither or indeed made,been can be. evolved."(Judd, Psycholopole. circumthe aboral These * * is inof glory it * The not "Let God p. 621.) 1910,gy, force stances orient an to animal

telligence, light or in other words, tothen that add anything which itself of a source toward stimulatruth."(Doc. 93: and and Cov.it is itself it be, to knows when tion in such that symmet- a way 29, the of 36.) Lord "The word it itself. tobidden For know rical surface points the the of on

is is truth truth whatsoever and is rate, at this thatknows, are any equally. In stimulated body

is is light light and whatsoever itself; itself, thissaid to to the are led namely, animals withway

is Spirit."(Doc. and Cov. 84:45.)

is, their lives, will either toof outthat that that and and own is it is spirit matter, "All but more * * * the source the stimulus of ward everunderstands. Who fine dispure, or can be only and

it."or (Loeb, from away Comlives, thatdoubts himself he and eyes. purer cerned can not by We parative Psychology, 7.) p. understands,remembers, and and it; see are bodies our but when

wills, and thinks, and knows, and purified, we shall see that it is all On the other side of the quesjudges? * * * by some inward, matter."(Doc. and Cov. 131:7, tion Jennings says: "All together

not feigned, but true presence 8.) there is no evidence of the exist-

(for nothing is more present to ence of differences of fundamenit than itself.)"(Saint Augustine, '"THE foregoing quotations give tal character between the behavior

Classical Psychologists, Rand, pp. us to understand that there is of the Protozoa and that of

132135.) "I think, therefore I a spiritmatter called intelligence the lower Metazoa. The study

am."(Rene Descartes.) "He (the which like the elements or matter ofthe behaviorview thatlendsthe nolifesupportactivitiesto

Creator) put intelligence in soul are eternal. This spirit or inare of an essentially different charand soul in body."(Plato Titelligence matter in God has the acter in the Protozoa and the

maeus, Vol. 2, p. 464. Transattribute of truth which is deMetazoa. The behavior of the

lated by Jowett.) fined as the "Knowledge of things Protozoa appears to be no more

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 219 and no less machinelike than that XJOW does action with man in on the two attributes, knowingof the Metazoa, similar principles the form of locomotion take and willing, and it is our purpose govern both."(Jennings, Behavplace? In some respects like the next to see how faith in God

ior of the Lower Organisms, p. street car or automobile.moves arises as defined by Paul.

.263.) when the current is turned on or

the explosion of the gas by com- "THERE is the Spirit of God, (CONCERNING the question bustion occurs. There is one a means of communication bewhether the behavior of the fundamental difference, namely, tween him and his children as

lower organisms is conscious or the latter are driven by the energy stated in the following: 'The

unconscious, Jennings says: "If or pushed, while the individual Spirit giveth light to every man

one thinks these questions through that cometh into the world; and

for such an organism as Paramethe Spirit enlighteneth every man hearkenthat the world, its limitations cium, with all faith through as I said concerning

Spirit; and voice of the eth to the sensitiveness it apand perfect knowlnot a movement N<OW,it was of—that pears to the writer than an affirmedge—even so it is with my words. every one that hearkeneth to the

surety of their cannot know Ye Spirit unto cometh at voice the of to ative be given answer must first, perfection, more any unto the Father; and the even first God, questions, the of the above and is knowledge. a perfect faith than

a negative one to the second. SupBut behold, if ye will awake and Father teacheth him of the covepose that this animal were conarouse your faculties, even to an exnant which he has renewed and

scious to an extent as its limitaperiment upon my words, and exconfirmed upon you."(Doc. and

tions seem to permit. Suppose ercise a particle of faith, yea, even Cov. 84:4648.)

that it could feel a certain degree ifbelieve,you canlet thisno moredesire thanworkdesirein you,to The importance of this means of pain when injured; that it reeven until ye believe in a manner of communication between God

alcertain ceived sensations that give place ye for can a portion from Spirit, this enlightening and man, * * * * words. of my kali, acids, others others from from is the following emphasized by

if place, seed ye that a give Now, * * etc., it solid bodies, * would is error "It statement: and heart, benegative in be planted your may

it it act for to as not be natural it if of seed, of lack hold, the true God's knowledge a be or good a * is, * * * not, does? can through That t we fa seea swell b egin leaves will that wm God's and laws

its within consciousness, our appreciate a in the par with world on your breasts. (Alma 32:26men

28.) drawing things that away from creation: they for the brute have

hurt it, its trial of the environment no higher instincts, no higher when the conditions are bad, its principle, no higher incentive, no attempting to move forward in possesses the attribute of choosing higher aspiration than the brute various directions, till it finds one or rejecting to act. The energy world if they have not some inwhere the conditions are not bad, by which the locomotion occurs spiration that comes from a higher

and the like? To the writer it is stored in the nerve cell as the source than man himself."(Joseph

seems that we can. (Behavior of following indicates: "Sleep must F. Smith, Conference Report,

the Lower Organisms, p. 336.) be a condition in which these cells April, 1904, p. 4.) Anthropolonutrition- and supplied are with gists indirect give this for evidence "Kohler's chimpanzees solved state of their normal to return their in observations the among their trial problems not by and activity."Psy- (Judd, energy and Indians of southern South Amererror; the correct solution not was Hence chology, 330.) p. 1910, ica is civilization at where the slowly painfully selected and out use to, access can has the mind of degree place lowest any known a of inexpedient of number movecell nerve the in the stored energy earth. the of the on Book And correct ments, the activity began but to about locomotion bring tells of ancestors the of Mormon abruptly a stage deliberafrom of action occurs or does the whether the being Indians civ- a highly tion, in continued an unbroken is atthe other dependent not on ilized people. 400 About A. D. curve. place took and always with contribute, of being the power the historian, Nephite Mormon, regard relevant to the part the of belief. in scious sense the of As lest says, fear Spirit "I the hath situation. It a not was product desire to says: Dr. James "We referceased striving them,"with chance, of neither acthese were all feel, sorts do, have, to to of to ring the Nephites. (Moroni tions instinctive."(Koffla, Psyare at the things which moment 8:28.) chologies of p. 1925, 136.) felt, If done. or had, with not

a sense desire there that goes the said, teaching children sheep hear Lord we "When "My is possible, not attainment we I can voice, only give favorable and them, some conknow my (\UR if believe wish; but simply we ditions or for they follow the 'Marks'10: and (John me."new

is in that our the power, end we things said, others the child ye he 27.) to which has "But To

'learn'and the child has always will that the desired feeling, havbelieve not, because ye are not to furnish something from his ing, or doing shall be real."(Psyof my sheep."(John 10:26.)

side which we may call 'underchology, Briefer Course, p. 415.) These two groups of people

standing'and which sometimes That is, belief becomes the "movwere of the same Jewish race.

seems to rise suddenly, corresponding cause"of the action locomoThe former had given heed to ing to the marks given by us. tion of which it is typical of all this enlightening Spirit in their

Nobody can simply pour it into intelligent action. lives prior to hearing our Lord

the child."(Kohler, Psychologies teach them but the latter had not.

of 1925, p. 159, Intelligence of We have now considered man's Psychologically speaking, that

Apes.) psychical constitution and nature Spirit has given an impression for

220 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

a reaction or an experience that psychical constitution. Faith in can say unto this mountain, redevelops into an interpretive conits theological meaning is not on move, and it will be removed."

cept of spiritual facts which were a different plan, psychologically (Matt. 17:20.) It is "the power

the truths that our Lord taught speaking, than knowledge. In the by which all things are governed."

his followers. Just as quoted latter the lightwave from a tree, (Doc. and Cov. 88:43.) It is to

above, "every one that hearkeneth e. g., impresses the mind through be used in righteousness only as

to the voice of the Spirit cometh the eye and the mind responds seen above in the gaining of faith unto God, even the Father; and a tree. In the former the written in God or a testimony of his

the Father teacheth him of the or spoken word of a servant of existence. But by man perfecting

covenant,"which is the Gospel of God impresses the mind but an himself in the sight of God he

Jesus Christ, the first four prinenlightened mind and quickened may use it miraculously as the folciples being faith, repentance, bapunderstanding and the mind as lowing instance from the Book of tism, and the Gift of the Holy such responds, I believe your word Mormon shows. The Lord speakGhost. By means of the fourth or testimony concerning God. To ing to Nephi, said: "I give unto

principle, confirmation, we are enillustrate with the written word, you power, that whatsoever ye abled to understand what our Lord when reading the account of the seal on this earth shall be sealed told his disciples saying: "And miraculous event of the resurrecin heaven * * * and if ye shall

I will pray the Father, and he tion of Jesus Christ the enlightsay that God shall smite this peoshall give you another Comforter, ened mind believes it as a historiple, it shall come to pass"* * * that he may abide with you forcal fact. That is, the written ac- "O Lord, rather let there be a

ever; even the Spirit of truth; count is a stimulus impressing a famine in the land to stir them

receive, cannot the world whom unto up of remembrance the Lord prepared mind with an underneither not, it seeth him because * * their it God."so * "And was standing or interpretive concept him; ye but him; know knoweth done according to the of words direct from God. a mind To such you, and with dwelleth for he (Heleman 10:7, 10; 11: it is evidence of things seen, Nephi."not 14:16, (John in you."be shall 4, 5.) or faith. Comforter, which the "But 17.)

is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he THIS quickening light also posIt is this doing phase which shall teach you all things, and sesses the attribute of power. gives the proof—the perfecting

bring all things to your rememOur Lord said, "If ye have faith of faith in God. As our Lord

brance, whatsoever I have said unas a grain of mustard seed, ye says, "If ye keep my word ye shall to you."(John 14:26.) know the truth."Hence faith in

God in the theological sense is not primarily hypothesis but of Spirit the of 13 means Y shall live you by every word first, personal God F<OR latter the Ghost, revelation—experian the Holy and that proceedeth forth the from direct ence from God, and second, a spirit memand of of Cod. personage mouth a

ber of the Godhead and giving to For the word of the Lord is from the spoken or written word his of servant authorized to is teach is truth, truth whatsoever and is eneye light, "the greaterman is is light, it. light and whatsoever is Historically this true, beunderstanding the and lightened Spirit, even the Spirit of Jesus ginning first the with Adam man, 88: Cov. and (Doc. quickened."Christ.

in the and restorations of the Gossays: Smith to light the -as Spirit giveth Joseph And which 11)

pel in several the dispensations. that every the into cometh man noticing profit by person may"A

it is enlighteneth Psychologically Spirit the true world; and for inthe Spirit the of first intimationthe that every the world, through man dividual a has testimony and who instance, when for revelation;of the hearkeneth to the voice of introspects his personal who exflowing intelligence feel Spirit. pure (Doc. Cov. and 84:4446.)you

into you, it will give you sudden Jesus speaking to the Nephites periences. Faith in the theological

Blessed are shall give ye if ye sense, noticsaid: that so ideas, by ofstrokes

the heed these of unto words twelve as plan fulfilled it find youing it, may weknowledge-—mindrepeat, is on the. beingsame I have chosen from among whom

the same day or soon, that is, you to minister unto you, and to impressed by external stimuli. The

those things that were presented be your servants; and unto them I difference is in the stimuli. God

given have that they power may will come of God, the Spirit is not present senses to theby like a baptize you with water; and after the by learning pass;to and thus his spirit but and the words are that ye baptized with betree water,

Spirit of God and understanding hold, I will baptize you with fire of his servants impress the mind the with and therefore Ghost; Holy printhe grow intoit, you may as the lightwave from a tree blessed are ye if ye shall believe beuntil revelation, youciple of in through the eye impresses the be baptized, and after that ye me

come perfect in Christ Jesus."have seen me and know that I am. mind. Furthermore conduct that

again, blessed are they more And (History Church, Vol. 3, p. proves faith, including miraculous

shall believe in beyour words who 381.) cause that ye shall testify that ye events and locomotion or walking

have seen me, and that ye know are on the same plan. The differ-

I that blessed Yea, am. are they strives with Spirit lies of God in ence The the energy or power

shall believe in words, your who cease to strive and is used.man, it may the For walking energy into the and come depths of down

with him. It is so universal in its humility and be baptized, for they from food stored in the nerve cell

shall be visited fire with and psychologistsstriving that some use, the can with which for while mind the Ghost, shall receive Holy and is a therehave said faith in light the and power God sins. religious in- a remission of their (3 Nephi

stinct, but that evidently is not 12:1, 2.) is direct from him which may be

an inherent attribute of man's used in righteousness.

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 221

Northwestern States Mission By JOSEPH H. PAGE

Adopted Slogan: the work, but who because of the for law, for the people who live

is sinful. retime Truly "Wasting it."the officers enforce Church, prejudice towards the it and who

inalizing gives us time which God leading of the to published in one I therefore of improvement,do work the certain a salesman "C ROM leaving intended newspapers,resolve it to best to advantage use the was testimony following intellectual, spiritual,for and moral he asfound town. Having them my

physical development, having in mind at sisted all he could in the work and heard, regarding the labors of two all tenet the times of country missionaries our work faith—'We doing mission seen the to what grow

true, chaste,believe behas in honest, being scrip. "I or purse have without it is Bread "Cast now. UpThynevolent, in virtuous good doing and route exact the almost followed the isto all virtuous, there Not on anything Waters—Thinking men—if these and taken young men by praiseworthy,lovely report or of or good 'TIs same Away."The Thrown

we seek after these things'."newspaper is now publishing artithey have left a favorable impresvalley in sion the part every of cles the of truth Church. about the are—telling they I likeT'HERE to them."meet should are organizations branch The in the same story old same missionaries have Often young fruits the the of producing Gosis to there nothing andold street way -holding the experience of pel. eight for branch months Oneit,"of one the remarks were man times alone, services having many attendance of average an shows to listenedas he some "Mormon"In a or more. a of hundred crowd at one than hundred Sunday more of corner themissionaries on this city of meetings where one offiper cent School, eighty the of Portland, in Alder andFourth conducted character been not had cers teachers their enand have had receivtestimoniesOregon. The after for time, being but some cent are ninety per and dowments, in missionary those engageded by literature requests held, were for confertithepayers. one branch At the a doubt prove beyondwork sources received of a number from a a ence of lady group took young false. statementabove men "Do heard. favorable comments and to children doors keep out of them figs of thorns, or ofgather grapes the captain of Salvation ArThe meeting. the disturbing Affromthistles?"the of to one remarked memmy fifteen ter joof spending minutes spiritual in wealth Outstanding get a bers, could "I wish we call felt vial she to impressed play the to Cardston Caravan-—-the like that."fellow "You young the building into back by them

is greatest. the perhapsTemple are found,"not can't they because race challenging for a the them up missionaries the year in JulyEach reply. the was stairs. flight of long had They field year in a the been havewho experiences interesting entered sooner the door no "V/TANY when all Saints theor and more who

fire for are in store missionthe large engine against a crashed spend the journey twocan make the his cars line a along of ary makes parked long way immewho at dead for thedays doing work large entering a in diately the front building of highway. Upon atthe City."Those "Temple

tending the Caravans have perand was driven over the vexact car, the traveling missionary was formed the following number of spot where the children had been approached with a question like ordinances in the last four years, playing. Many of the members this: "Do you believe Joseph

proof of the extent of the work who had, of habit, parked their Smith was a prophet of God?"

which is increasing in importance cars here had driven them elseThe elder was somewhat stunned this question, at the particular of abruptness the day. where num- A enyear: baptisms—3656; cars his to ber of testimony bear wrecked. but were happy ordinationsdowments—3767;each that was he Smith Joseph knew

; to children1613; sealings—5 first small this a in dispen21, December prophet 1929, God's

; QN 1 225 6 adoptions—7.parents—for the after giving reason to burned house frame sation and spiritual of growth those whoThe

reply: this assuring received ground Walla, in Walla such Washingthis of opportunitytake advantage

has a splendid influence in every ton, leaving the owner with only "So do L"After riding a numsection of the mission, imparting the clothes he had on his back and ber of miles the gentleman's idento others the great need of this a few articles of furniture saved tity was known and although a work. from the flames. In the midst of Congregationalist he had lived

the heap of debris was found a among the "Mormon"people and

T7 HE missionaries who return combination Book of Mormon, was ready to defend them. Such

* home still retain the spirit of Doctrine & Covenants and Pearl experiences give the missionary this event and in companies make of Great Price, the outer edges new life and determination in his regular visits to the Salt Lake and burned. The book is being used efforts to spread the Gospel truths

Logan Temples. Recently one and the only one saved from the he knows will eventually overgroup wrote to Pres. W. R. Sloan fire. come error.

asking for one hundred names. J. One minister, and not the only The slogan at the first of the

C. Westergard, oldest member in one, uses the Book of Mormon in article-—in card form—is presentthe mission and very much interhis sermons, not revealing the ed to every missionary in this

ested in genealogical work, furname of the book because his confield, as he enters upon his labor, as nished the names. Bro. Westergregation would not like it. a guide and to give him a sense of

gard thirtyfour years ago spent A paper printed in Victoria, B. the responsibilities resting upon

two days in (searching for two C. published the following as a him with respect to home, Church

missionaries sent here to open up heading of an article: "We stand and God.

FRANK W. ASPER broadcasting from the Tabernacle

To the Ends of the Western Hemisphere FORMAL organ concert By broadcast pattern. There are thouat midnight! Never? Why sands of these verification notices,

file. the public will never stand EARL J. GLADE onAfor it! The only radio broadcasts Managing Director of KSLyou hear in the wee small hours Time Difference Vital

are the jazziest kinds of dance orchestras!"talked daily with Admiral Byrd YWHEN it is winter in Salt Lake That was the type of greeting in Little America. But that great W it is summer in New Zeawe received everywhere when we station worked on short waves land. This fluctuation in climate

first proposed the midnight Tabwith exceptionally high power. between the North and South

ernacle broadcast on Mondays and The distance involved was about Temperate Zones greatly influWednesdays. 10,000 miles. ences radio reception longitudinalIn three short months, however, KSL, working on long waves, ly on the globe. The time elethis unique program has become is being consistently received in ment is also a factor in view of

one of western America's most New Zealand upwards of 7,000 the fact that radio waves travel popular radio presentations. It is miles from Salt Lake. This is so much farther at night than

especially well received by DXers, not freak reception, as is claimed during the day. When it is midwho, by the way, are radio listenby some stations, but reception night in Salt Lake, it is 8 P. M.

ers who go afterdistance. with full speaker strength and pos- o'clock in Honolulu and about

The. KSL midnight organ reitive program verification. 6 P. M. in New Zealand. The

citals are directed by Frank W. Apparently the signals of the word "about"is used because they

Asper. As a rule, there are assiststation go out with almost equal are now employing a daylight-

ing vocalists or instrumentalists, strength in each direction, alsaving shift of 30 minutes in the but the organ is always featured. though the fact that there is less New Zealand time schedule. If,

interference over the Pacific untherefore, KSL wants to get into

Incredible Distance Achieved questionably favors that direction. these countries at a desirable time

T was indeed a marvelous feat The accompanying cards and letin the evening, it is necessary to<

I when WGY of Schenectady ters indicate the dimensions of the work after midnight local time.

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 223

In eastern United States, our the oratorio, "The Messiah"midnight is, of course, early in toj, which is considered one of the the morning. The uninitiated outstanding radio features of the

would never believe that there are year, they consented. It will cost

so many people up and awake as the National Broadcasting Comthe KSL records indicate. pany thousands of dollars to carry

this program from coastto-coast

Organ Popular over its network, but because of her fine reputation, the company

T BELIEVE the statement that was glad to localize this responsi-

J- Salt Lake has the world's most bility on Salt Lake City.

popular organ cannot be successAnd so, the country over, tastes fully refuted. The mere mention in music are improving. People

of it over the air gets an audience. aren't leaning over backwards afDuring the midnight recitals, fectedly pretending that they like

Mr. Asper has an opportunity to certain kinds of the better music

play a wide variety of numbers when actually they almost suffer with the result that the organ agonies while hearing it. Both

shows at its best. Only the better the program selectors and the auof course,types of concert music, are getting together. The "Valentine"dience

are presented. does Mr. Asper real result is progress and radio

not choose numbers that were apBy Mary Hale Woolsey is the biggest single factor in this parently written more to give the forward march.

few among T7ERE my treasurescomposer a workout and organist the years, through A Hidden The Era editors have personally enjoyment.than the listeners'And J.

of with memories the excerpts following you—selectedhow greatly is this selection apSweet

tears; blotted o'er by letters And received from original frompreciated!

The banker in Montreal; the YellowedBy faded now,roses heldits paperin place;lace, the places indicated:

consul in Guatemala City, Central Hearts and darts and flowers "Auburn, Alabama.

America; the fisherman in Coos entwine "I heard your Midnight Program dedAustralia, to the Pacific, Islands of in the musicianBay, Oregon; words: These "To

last at ships at sea, My Valicatedand night (Cen- 1:15 entine,"in the farmerBrooklyn; Broken

. tral Standard broadwere Time) You in trader the Nebraska;Bow, casting the Great Taberfrom Mormon

its tender, dear, message, in HowKetchikan, the canner Alaska; nacle. fine."Reception was

Honolulu; the minister in PortSet my heart aglow

Canada. "Mayo, at first I read it here Whenland; in the rancher Saskatchewan; in listening in great pleasure "I had

In the longago dealerthe liquor in Vancouver; last on your Midnight Programme Hour

the miner in Montana; the radio night. My set is a homemade one and

you'll that love me the station reception perfect. was Yourmanufacturer in Camden, New "Promise true, in better here comes than most and weJersey; the captains of the transcertainly enjoy your programmes."of For you I'm fond know

Pacific liners and thousands of you."

"Wasilla, Alaska.

it speaks, in words like (Thus evening, the 11th, Taberyour "Last their wine) nacle over came Program Organ FINE.otherstions—andapplaudhis Mr.playing—inAsper's selecletters. "Say you'll be my ValenWe also heard the many letters and mestine!"sages read. often programs hear your We conhas hour no The midnight

the dedicate to Kindly now. a numbernection, of course, the with TabFans."Radio soon forgot Wasilla Fickle you!—who

ernacle broadcast over the Choir these All phrases! honeyed

City, Guatemala, "Guatemala reception All B. C. network.N. Turned, a care without or thought, Central America.

notices the concerning midnight fairer faces! the pleasure hearing of and "I had new To you on

broadcast pick up KSL direct. Wednesday, Oct. 15, quite late. I heard

You have loved the world a magnificent Organ Recital and they across played Chopin's Funeral March, which

Salt Lake, A Cultural Center I alone have felt love's loss. I enjoyed immensely."

T3ROADCASTING, in the opinWas it ever really mine, "Honolulu, Hawaii.

*-'ion of many, is a tremendous As you said, my Valentine? we "Weenjoywishthe youhourtoofknowmusichowfrommuchthe

fact establishing in thefactor of great in the organ temple. The Mormon I the love gave to you is But It it to culture to the world. is clearly music us comes so thatUtah

is Still in heart; my to hard realize are far so away. we thatestimated 10,000,000 now

is pass Years by, "It but day's each new, so kind, of thoughtful others and the a hearpeople once Tabweek Salt shares pleasure the City when Lake still claims Hope a part. Andernacle choir. organ and Hundreds thpir of the great radio organ public with

as it is our most enjoyable radio hour."of thousands also listen in on other Vain, I know—and bid my

local broadcasts. It is little wondreams "Pamaru, New Zealand.der, therefore, that when I asked Cease—(this also vain, it "Your station has been coming in here

the management of the National seems!) very well lately. Although my set uses

valves, been has often only four KSL Consolation, though, is mine: toBroadcasting permit Company

I full strength. particularly enspeaker

Valentine! I have been your the to furnish anSalt Lake City recital the from organ midnight joy hour

nual N. B. C. radio broadcast of the Tabernacle in Salt Lake City."

are really no Old Peoseems to expect to see her, everyTHERE ple nowadays! Still, I class now and then. It is not that she

realize. not does forgets, she but between as coming Youth Tragedies house, of her the door she opens As twentythe ages of sixteen and

five. Within these years much her loss rushes back to her, and with again begin to seems sorrow countless are Theremay happen.

is the that mother each reminder of older people ofjoys which we will be never she there; that not the forgotten even rememhave

felt this, I have there more! any the in thisbrance; or day maybe, have of us remember. and Mostjoys are different from what they Youth felt it, always was not although it were young!were Youth we when

It been have a mother. for may infinite capacity forhas enjoyan a or a friend a sweetheart, for By and the "take It can cup"ment.

this sorescape cannot We rest"exclaim: the and"waive "Oh tragic it MRS. NESTER when is doubly but NOEL child!row; distant athe music of brave Youth to Youth. comes Whendrum!"it

it is ap- a thing explain cannot palled: there is no other word for

rushing around, enjoyTT CAN it. girl says: I Your "I were wish after night, whirligig in night a

dead. live to is nothing There pleasure, theof look none and

for in this I world. I hope never COMETIMESan ambition is it for next the It can day!worse wake tomorrow!"thwarted: this too is a tragedywork in a store for eight hours

itself fasees to Youth. Youth for four hours, then danceand

is not to the time restricpreach HP HIS like It does not mous.until small the the hours of morn- * her. to is thing to caldo The be tions. should mother No itsing. then, eyes sparkle Even to distract her, letting her without children's ambitions. her lous of its flush, cheeks our whereand

are this. to trying you know do life wastbeen have Her may owneyes our cheeks and would dim If she a to living has earn will that is all reason the this ed; more but is Itpale! Youth wonderful what

is help. If she in kept the sacrifice house fight she should and why sources endure, ofcan from what

are there cerher you must show success. children's for her its it full.joy can drink

tain tasks alone; cannot you do pass to Failure examan even is, side however, another There will she then forced be to is come to tragedy a So ination Youth. If picture. the can enof Youth assistance. is to your While she that passing on depended much it suffer intensely. alsojoy, can

thing, doing one her thoughts are examination anything to have with do whoWe to be diverted bound from her "I'll never try again,"says the to People ought rememberYoung sorrow. or girl. boy this. shall If never we do not we

be able to understand them or to All Youth's tragedies are not You know they will try next help them. When Youth suffers love quarrels. There is death year, for "Hope springs eternal in

it thinks it is forever. The dark which comes, taking those who the human breast,"but, for the

cloud falls on it like a pall, obare nearest and dearest. This is time being, Youth in its tragic

scuring the sunshine. a tragedy even to us. What must way, thinks it has failed forever!

"I shall never be happy again,"it be to Youth! Youth is so buoyIt is not always what happens

says the girl after her first quarrel. ant, so full of life, it cannot even to Youth that makes a tragedy.

Should we laugh at her? Decidedly contemplate death. When this It is Youth's reaction to each event.

not. comes near, Youth staggers under Some Young People take for a

the blow. Death is inexplicable, tragedy what others call a comedy.

"D EALLY and truly, deep down it is the very antithesis of Youth It is all in the point of view. You,

? in her heart, she feels that and, for the time, Youth is the mother, must enter into your

never, never will life be the same. crushed, wellnigh annihilated. child's feelings and see her point

It is tragic. of view! You expect her sometimes

lose their girls boys and girls not recover do Some she can to but feel for you: how

sea, all are at they easily. WHENparents been have to commit hasThey age? known middle She understand

suicide at such moments. A at first; yet they do not, even in never been there. It is an undismother with a real understanding their most tragic moments, realize covered country. You, on your

will help her child—but never what they have lost. It takes a side, have been in the Land of

laugh at her. lifetime to understand what a good Youth, therefore you know what

is and would mother be if only it is like, and you have no excuse! the times remember you Do

left to us! been she had irheart your was broken, own

revocably broken? Maybe it hapThe fact that a girl or boy will T T IS sometimes a real tragedy

pened;ten or twelve times, for shed bitter tears over the loss of * when you take a girl from one

Youth is resilient, though it knows a dog or cat, and scarcely cry over country to another. She may like

this not. Did you suffer at those the loss of a mother does not inthe idea of traveling: but certain

times? You did! dicate lack of heart, as relatives roots have struck deep, and these

Even now, looking backwards, often think. There is the grief must be pulled up. In two or

you cannot imagine how the huthat lies "too deep for tears."three days this sorrow will be comman heart could endure so much For a time, I do not think a girl pletely forgotten; but while it

and live! realizes her mother is gone. She lasts it is intense.

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 225

least some Understanding and loving them,—lifeThisis isalwaysthe matterintense!withIt Youthnever learnedThe tothingendure—atis that we have than we have done in the past.

sees consolation while it suffers, of us have. Some never learn! we should be able to offer the right

though the sun may be shining Whichever way we look at the kind of comfort at the right mojust around the corner. minor and major ills of life now, ment. We middleaged persons

Youth is generally more or less we must remember that to Youth ought to use our imaginations, and selfish. Can we blame it? We nearly all grief is major! If we try, for our children's sakes, to

have had our time: it is Youth's can learn this lesson we shall ununderstand the Tragedies of

turn now. Everything is done for derstand our children much better Youth!

Youth: the stores cater most to

Youth, the movies consider them -oeVs* the first, games are for Youth, dances, swimming, theatres! Everywhere Youth is exalted. Evenmiddle age wants to emulate it. If I Can't Go Away on a Vacation

our advertisements not putDo in By MARGARET C. MOLONEYflaring words: look "How to

Young though Middle Aged?"

What effect can this have on HY not have a vawould cost no more than a dayour Young People except to give cation sent Whome to me, on apin the city with a dinner at my them a distorted sense of proporproval?"I asked myself when all favorite restaurant, and a good

tion of their own values? those lovely days out in the open movie.

'T'HE strange thing about the with no household cares waved careless because a to goodbye me is * tragedies of their youth sudlie the in I can't >UT, Bi I that have chickens have mustdenness. are utterly unpreWe It all day, every day. a care, garden. daily and The hammock this. for inpared spends Rose I argued. will monotonous, grow in stood hadn't way. cooking my dressing,terminable hours manithe After what? ready cook, can he was and John hammock—then nails,curing her getting her hair yes, hike, a glorious with no Oh, because willing, he and knew howmarcelled, choosing flowers she the of duty household some thought I a to again, take vacation wantedwill is at a dance. wear so She its turn! for impatiently waiting I to as bade days used do wayexcited still she can hardly stand

while we help her get ready. Hours when I was an office worker. But Down on the list went a hikinglater, she returns in tears, vowing my chickens are my hope—and outfit. Lowheeled walking shoes;

she will never go to a dance again! my garden of flowers and vegetahose made for brambles and briars;

What has happened? That often bles are also my joy. No, I knickers, shirt, sweater and a visor.

is her secret! She will not tell you couldn't go away this summer but, Ah, yes, I'd like fishing tackle,

that Jack failed to put in an apwhy not have a vacation sent home for I know a stream, deep and

I don't alive with fish, with a great logpearance or that, if he got there, to me—on approval? If

he danced with her only once or like it, I wont have to keep it. stretching across in a luscious spot,

twice, and the rest of the time he The thought intrigued me, and where I can fish and dream. I

was absorbed in another girl! I got my paper and pen and set seem to be stocking up on dreams

These dances often spell tragedy me down to plan.—but, I've been too busy to dream

to a girl, for a time, especially if for so long, that I've a lot of back she be sensitive. We know it is work to do.

only for a time, but nothing we the chickenscan say will make a girl agree with WiHEN all set for the what day-—-just I'll takeus. down she heartare will think us Often Ai.ND I love to do? would O, I have it. the curtains in the house; whole say: "Mother,less, and would you

in Lie the in a hammock I shall, shade and, thatnever understand anything!"This I'll—yes, there neath the great out maples, oil stove,is then new really us if hard on undo we

read, birds, and the and watch I came, alland—justenthusiasm,I'll buy John andderstand; at get hurt but not do

anything your child says in her and maybe think how lucky I am outlined my vacation plans.

wife, farmer's not and to be atragic does She probably moments! I a can play "This about way office, or a stuffy in cooped up says! she what Cernot know still lot, give the and you and treeless in apartmenttainly, will she forgotten have chickens care the the garden and and Recall comes! the next joywhen stuffiercity-—Dream somedream—and it need, exso you be and wont dream! "yourputyour Youth, and own pens

self, if possible, in her place! Read? What? Magazines. The

interruptcheap,"John "Darn are at out that magazines home of Tragedies Youth! TheyT'HE ed, a looking grin with from up lurid the in the open as as as ocean, inare the deep spaces—not list the studying, he "so had been capital of ones jazzy make as desthe the of sandsnumerable

I'll cheap, that to have enough buy perhaps misery and isert! thing about one There mistakes—or,that is that boat trying Jackson so hard I should have forget. never that we mustthem said—mistakes—and sell, to we'll drive the to out and of sevthen thought last! misery.—I teal are very they whileThey

river that snatch,"'can days on we at brain racking without ounce of eral an with my woman No sense can doubt this. She has only all. Six I had on my list when That was this year, and I'm

to recall her own past and her the reading had been disposed of. ordering another vacation just like

once poignant sorrows. And not expensive at all. They it for next summer!

PRIESTHOOD All Melchizedek Priesthood material is prepared under QUORUMSthe direction of the Council of the Twelve;

"*V and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric. siSt

Success in Ward Priestkood Meetings

HTHE success of Aaronic Priesthood the boy is considered and kindly, posiin holding weekly meetings, there is *- training and activity depends pritive efforts made to bring everyone no need to continue them. Yet, these

marily on two factors: (a) thorough, into active service. same officers would never think of

enthusiastic supervision, and (b) regThere is no excuse for failure to giving up any of the auxiliary associular weekly meetings, for checkup hold regular Priesthood meetings of, ations if they were not entirely satison performance of Priesthood duties, at least, all the Aaronic Priesthood factory. On the contrary, they would

quorum progress, ward teaching and and the ward teachers in every ward put greater effort into making such for lesson work. Under the present each week throughout the year. Opmeetings successful. Why then should

arrangement there is no valid reason portunity is now given all stake presnot at least as much enthusiasm and why these two factors should not be idencies and ward bishoprics to hold determination be put into the matter fully applied. these meetings at that time each week of making the weekly Priesthood

If the ward bishopric realize the best suited to secure the largest attendmeetings entirely successful and profitsignificance of the proper direction of ance of the Priesthood members. In able in all wards? The thorough

the Priesthood members they will sesome cases it is found that excellent training of the Priesthood is more lect the very best young men, and success is had by holding the ward important than any other. Surely,

give them the necessary support in this Priesthood meeting independently of with all the opportunity that is ofwork. They will also see to it that any other organization. In others fered, the stake presidencies and the

these men are not interfered with or good success is had in holding it in ward bishoprics can arrange these meettheir efforts diverted by other appointconjunction with one of the organizaings in conformity with the plan, so ments. The bishopric will sustain tions. But the important thing is as to make this work in every way

these supervisors in this work by themto see to it that'it is held regularly. progressive and effective. Many stakes

selves attending the Aaronic PriestPriesthood activity and training and wards are doing it. There is

hood quorum meetings and giving should be given first consideration over no good reason why all should not general direction to the same. In small every other organization. In some do so. We trust that the presiding

wards where the bishopric themselves stakes and wards the attitude of the officers in every ward and stake will will supervise the work, fine success presiding officers appears to be that, give this the important consideration can be had where the viewpoint of as they have not been very successful it deserves. The Presiding Bishopric.

-<10<?S9Vo(>- -<*

Lesson Books for Lesser Priesthood

December 31, 1930. favorable to marked improvement this ready for distribution about the first

To Stake Presidencies, Ward Bishnext year in the Aaronic Priesthood of the year. They cost 10c each,

oprics, and all engaged in Aaronic work. postpaid, at this office. Kindly send

Priesthood Work: But this will, of course, require money with orders. In ordering,

Dear Brethren: careful planning and thorough followplease specify the number wanted for

Permission was authorized some up on the part of all concerned each grade. It is very desirable that

time ago, as you know, to hold the ward bishoprics and supervisors and every member of the Aaronic Priestweekly ward Priesthood meetings at stake officers—to make 1931 the best hood should have a copy. They

any time each week, to be determined year. Remember that the secret of should all be encouraged to earn the

by the stake presidency and ward bishsuccess in this work lies in "Wholemoney themselves to pay for the same.

oprics, that will be most convenient hearted, Sympathetic Supervision."Trusting that this important work

in your stake for the largest number There will be no failure where this may have your wholehearted direcof Priesthood members, in order to prevails. tion, and with best wishes for a sucsecure the best attendance and the In this connection, we call your cessful year, we are

activity.greatest attention to the Books new Lesson Sincerely your brethren, teachers, for the deacons, this opportunity, it would and priests With

appear that every condition is now for the year 1931, which will be The Presiding Bishopric.

*> icoi*- <*

Field Notes

Minidoka Stake Aaronic Dam, about 13 miles east of Rupert, P. Fails, other stake representatives

Idaho, on August 7, 1930. This and scout workers. An excellent time

PriesthoodScout Outing is a splendid place for such an outing. was enjoyed, including games, swimThere is a lovely park, with tables ming in the Snake River and refreshinteresting gathering of the for lunches, etc. One hundred four ments. The chairman of the StakeANAaronic Priesthood and scouts of were present, including Stake PresiAaronic Priesthood Committee is Josthis stake was held at the Minidoka dent R. C. May and Counselor H. eph S. Bailey.

MUTUAL MESSAGES

executive wpartmem\ General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

George Albert Smith. 47 East South Temple Street Ruth May Fox,

Richard R. Lyman, Lucy Grant Cannon.

Melvin J. Ballard, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. Clarissa A. Beesley.

Executive Secretary: 33 Bishop's Building Secretary

Oscar A. Kirkham. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Elsie Hogan

Suggested Program for the Sunday Evening Conjoint

Meeting, for March

is an adyour wives,"counsel with Department MenGleaner The Latterday Saint scriptural with the in keeping monition Evefor the SundayTHEis responsibleM

Marriage Ideal statement that the gods counseled conning Joint Meeting in March.

"their, in of creation the man cerning is ideal a union elected by love, Opening Song—"Improve fethe ShinTHE and image, male gods,"the own and highmindedness directed bying Price, Great (See; of Pearl male. Its authority. legalized Divine by Gleaner Girl. is the Counsel Abraham.) of Book Invocation—byMoments."Responsibilities outprivileges and Slogan—"We Stand for Loyal Adreach earthly interests. It contemkey to cooperation.

a comcontemplates Ideal marriage to Ideals"Saint unbeliever plates a unity of faith—the a not compromise, of (See 5 panionship minutes. by into its eligible for entrance LatterdayM Man, is not—Addressherence combut a of principle following.) Ideal"compromise Marriage"L. D. S. in ideal precincts. holds sacred This

wishes, interests, personal of promise ideals the all marriage with or Quartette (See Chorus common Male scarcely be can desires. There and tolconstancy. Without quality to of I. A.Supplement Handbook, M. mortals among dominion righteous is a mockery. marriage erance any for numbers.) 16,page having insists upon person one when it in thinking even ideal not has Our of the Address: and everything, in recommended"Work"-—one rightof-way the is the divorce. Constancy for room is is it tools gleaning of work; found against loudly proclaims theology our life. of ballast the barque of fieldin the experience. of (See Chapand Doc. (See dominion. unrighteous exthe holds ideal marriage The in Gleaner 'page Manual, XVII Sec. 121.) Cov., confidence, unshaken an pectancy of Girl, minutes. Gleaner 10 concalls for ideal marriage ter87)-—by The in fidelity, the but in the only not Address: What M Men are doing ability of each one to do full share tinued courtship. "Husbands love to promote their project—-"Nonuse in providing and caring for the other. your wives and wives love your huspoints that adviceof is official bands,"will cause of a wife confidence Tobacco"—by M Man, 10 minThe

chivalry, of utes. exercise to the endless single any man to outdo a husband

Ladies Chorus (page 16, Suppleof equal ability. And the confidence courtesy and appreciation Courtship

ment to M. I. A. Handbook). of a husband will do likewise with in married life is the infinite extension

"I Will Gather Treasures of Truth"a woman. Confidence is the guardian of lover's lane.

courage. Sheaf and (Gleaner Project—see ideal contains marriage The page Manual, 123) Gleaner the Mail Orders

"Husbands of counsel.—by ofexpectancy Girl, 10 minutes.Gleaner

use for material deal of GREAT for "Necessity an Man Address: M mail, is I. ordered in by the A. M. (See life"for occupation A an choosing

effort offices every general in the and 10 Man, ofCourse Memhevship M Study)—by fill promptly. orders is to forth put minutes. of is clearly work to the good signed order often an Very THANKS chorus quartette or mixed percent officers, ten Double the our given, maaddress street and no but

I. at 1 A, to for asked 7, membership of Supplement increase M. (page sender the to terials returned are

in is season the of beginning the by song "Carry On"adthe delivered to being stead ofHandbook)—or inIn some process of fulfilment. congreor Fox, President Ruth May eleven are there present dressee. At passed been resolutions have stakes Shoulder singing, "Put gational Your office Ladies'in the packages Young effort special effect that a to the to the Wheel."address, and correct the for being held immediateand during will be made

materials reach received to holidays, Man. the not have following those ly who M Benediction—By

stakes quota. Other required write the sent should have they for which the Mass in given be should Credit all, but different methods, are using address. full and give name at once and various the in Contest, Participation reach to striving believe, are we to subscribers Young (Regarding this on appearance for events, contest goal. required the

see page 231.) Journal, Woman's program.

.;

228 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

nition to be made to wards by the ceAuvvu NiiTVMwmnr idieipt. andstake—(2)(1)for for"A"MassStandardParticipation,Activity.

Qommittee. For this, the General Boards will provide, if the stakes desire, appropriate

Melvin Clarissa A. Beesley, E. Chairmen; E. Ericksen, ViceChair- C. Emily Adams, and attractive at pennants of a cost Iverson, HeberJ. Ballard,C. men. Taylor, H. John O. Robinson, Jos. F. Don Smith, W. Wood, =

Cornwall, Charlotte J. Spencer about fifteen cents Elsie Stewart, T. for the Brandley, Jensen, Katie Par- C. Evangeline Mass T. Beesley,

Ethel S. Anderson ticipation and 10c each for Drama,

Dancing, Music, Public Speaking (M

Men and Gleaner separately) and ReWard Honor Day Stake Honor Day separately)told Story,. Stakes(VanguardshouldandmakeJunioitheir

'T'HERE are certain fundamental A S suggested in the Handbook Supwants known as soon as possible, that * things to be observed by ward **- plement, the Stake Honor Day orders may be filled in time.

executive officers and community acshould prove to be the outstanding Selection of Representatives for Ditivity committees in the conduct of activity event of the year, as it comvision Contests:

the Ward Honor Day program: bines in one the Stake Contest proOn Stake Honor Day all repre-

1. Prepare a special roll of all memgram of past years, and the M. I. A. sentatives are to be chosen by the vote

bers who have participated in the Day Program. of participants themselves. (See "InTuesday Night Activity Program beThe Stake Honor Day may be structions for Voting"above.) It

tween October 1 and March 17. This carried forward under any of the four is understood that participants shall

roll should either be read or publicly following plans: vote only in the activity in which they

displayed on the Ward Honor Day. 1. A continuous program throughare entered, for example: Members of

(See January Era, page 159, General out the day, on which all events are Drama casts shall vote for Drama

Features, No. 1.) presented consecutively. (Recommendgroups only, etc.

2. Give special recognition to all ed for small '.stakes in which few As soon as it is decided by executive

who have made "A"Standard in any events are entered, with few entrants officers, that stake winners desire to event. (Standardization is to be dein each event.) continue in District Contests, the foltermined by Ward Community Ac- 2. A program built on a sectional lowing information should be sent at

tivity Committees.) basis in which the various events are once to the General Boards:

This special recognition may be presented simultaneously in different Name of stake made by indicating upon the roll of rooms or buildings. In this case the Name of event

honor those who have achieved "A"audience will divide according to in- (If Drama, state name of play)

Standard; or, by the awarding of a terest. Names of participants

in button charge or of person ribbon or other insignia. Name 3. all events which on A program

office desire, address the If wards General Boards are presented, requiring but than Post more will provide an attractive button at one day or one evening for comple- a cost 5c; notification of about should tion. (Example—Drama at sent one evening, AprilMay Program be once the General to another, etc.) offices Music

as to the needed. approximate number 4. district presenting program A stated in the SuppleHandbook

notify stake; stakes, theWards may AS representatives only, to prior which activity the halfhour ment, prothe General Board. disinto the divided stake been has consist for April will gram and May 3. the Arrange Ward Honor Day tricts, eliminations preliminary where of general at assemblies, each which

individuals (Only orProgram groups held. been have will department opporgiven the be

having made "A"Standard are to Recognition and Awards: tunity of presenting a before program

thisappear program). on in entire association. the January Era, the eight are As explained There

If the events are found to be too under "Awards for Activity Achieveevenings to be planned, and suggesnumerous to present on one continuments,"there are two kinds of recogtions are offered herewith for some ous program in one evening, it may be necessary to divide into different sections, such as Drama, Dancing, etc.

or to use more than one evening for the presentation of the Ward Honor

Program. 4. Arrange for the selection of one

individual or group in each event who will go on to represent the ward on the Stake Honor Day. Selection is

to be made by the votes of the participants in each event (see explanation following)

Instructions for Voting (a) To Participants: Indicate by

secret ballot your first, second and third choice. (In Drama, vote for

the cast as a whole; in Dancing, for

couples; in Music, for groups; in

Public Speaking and Retold Story, Mothers and Daughters'Banquetfor individuals.)

Gleaner Girls of the Tooele South Stake, Ward, Tooele entertain bal- (b) counting the To officials their every mothers January. at held This was Hotel Kirk

lots: First three choice will count like tables Dining Three Room. the in one picture used were

points; second choice, two points; accommodate the crowd. An excellent and appropriate programto

third choice, one point. was rendered and toasts given.

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 229

of the programs. Others are to be

filled in by the local officers, using the evenings to present contest numbers, general programs, or other interesting features which they feel are important.

Assignment of particular nights to certain departments should be made early by the executive officers.

Adults I. An Evening of Indian poetry

or Indian songs, taken from the

Adult Women's Manual of 193031, pages 41 and 85.

Or Indian legends and symbols.

References: Adult Women's

Manual, "Indian Legends,"by James W. Leseur, Mesa, Arizona.

II. An Evening of music.

Reference: Women's Adult ManMonroe North Ward Chapel and Recreation Hall

33. page for ual, 193031, the conveniences are enjoying Mutuals North Monroe Ward Four The

given. are here programs musical hall recreation beautiful chapel and of their new The progJram might be made Besides the regular Mutual work they are gatheringthishistorywinter.of

doubly interesting by having the their Mutual for a pageant, and sponsoring entertainments to raise singers dressed in the costume funds to pay for stage equipment. Their Mutual is well attended

of the period in which the songs and is carrying on well conducted classes and activities in all were written. departments.

illustrating games evening of III. An let leaders, us permit. will This Junior should be program arranged Department See Adult health.

the best the this of Girls'by one Gleaner program leader, Activity make for DecemEra Improvement of sufficiently Junior every using far in the of year advance to give by time ber, 1930. girl for in be ward. your This thorough It preparation. may should in 5 project No. evening on IV. An girls be of presented reaching of our a some means under her supervision. "Community Adult Manual attending Mutual. been not have Music should interspersed to who be DramaHygiene."and Health

relics all or souvenirs from the Collect make complete. program illustration through or tization

thait other countries announce and Girls Junior cleanliness talks on pictures and after meeting. at look people them may is front 'T'HE and Travelogue the sughomes, of program beauty and

back yards, etc. -* gested for this department. VanguardScouts

Appoint (preferably someone in Men has of the group M. I. A. M a THIS girl) an interesting to make full so right a program its own the of material in Junior wealth WITH talk of five in minutes will which she felt is it activity that interest and of this season, the program Men M tell the of the missions, names memdefinite suggesto unnecessary make will it is felt group that each M Men bership of each mission also the numis theirs tions halfhour for the which their evening's to prefer plan own

ber in of missionaries field each and stake has use. to and ward Each talks the Short most on program.

interesting of their manual discussions, the grand total who are giving their within its program features both novel explanations and demonstrations of valuable time to the preaching of the and valuable, and these might well their activity work, or other such Gospel. (See page 233 for mission be demonstrated for the benefit of

features could be used with splendid report.) the organization during their halfgirls dressed to represent Have descriptions Historical program. as hour Gleaners effect. If the and Men M foreign as missions possible and many interesting landmarks of and dramain- programs desire join to two on

a reader introducing each one with tizations them of ceremonies marking separatetheir presenting stead of own a lines verse this or particular telling of a delightful of prove means might but ly, there be no objection, would in this case consultation and arrangenation. Let appropriate music, typical familiarizing the ward with the proof girl representatives, country be sung ject this the of Scouts early. Vanguards and begin should An interestment

or played as appears. she When girl year. the the best in halfhour little dramatization, Use musical ing

is she display presented costume should possible while and pubit worth way make Chrysanthemums,""Golden lished in the Young Woman's Journal, as in fashion show by turning slowly to participants and audience alike.

Oct., 1929, might be interesting for and posing. Also two or three folk (See page 234.)

arranged. dances Perhaps be may this purpose. (See page 235 for ad-

a foreign BeeHive Girls vocal in a or chorus solo suggestions.) ditional language would be interesting. Short A ONEACT play may be the event

Gleaners stories or legends of other countries ** offered by the BeeHive departMost Interesting Personal may be told by girls if time will perment during the halfhour which isMYExperience. mit. theirs during AprilMay. See the

In all wards, there are girls who As a final number have suitable following list before choosing a play.

have been abroad or away at college girl dressed as our own country take See also suggestions offered in the Beeor on missions, or to whom, in the center position, raising flag as audiHive department for this month, undaily routine of life rich experiences ence joins in singing, "My Country der the heading "AprilMay Program."

have tome. These experiences, in 'tis of Thee."In the January number of the Era

story form, are interesting to others, We depend upon the originality a list of plays, obtainable at the Y. L.

and the telling of them forms a deof Junior Activity Leader with the M. I. A. office, was given. These

lightful program. assistance of discussion leader, to plan plays, especially suitable for use by

Four or more girls may be chosen, and be responsible for this program, the BeeHive Girls were originally each to relate her most interesting stating time for -each number and published in the Young Woman's -personal experience. arranging details as local conditions [Continued on page 235]

230 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

showed that nearly every child had

menace. k had minor cuts from this constant ID U IT ID IE IPA RTM IEWI After unsuccessful attempts many - Committee fence to removed the have the Com- ==

Dr. Arthur L. Beeley and Lucy W. Smith, Chairmen; Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, Dr. Franklin S. mittee petitioned the city attorney to

Harris, Lewis T. Cannon, Dr. Lyman L Daines, Ann M. Cannon, Rose file a complaint. In ten days the fence

W. Bennett, Emily H. Higgrs, Charlotte Stewart was removed.

The garbage in this section was not regularly removed from all premises. People did not always have

Teacher Training The public school principal coproper containers. In some instances

requesting operated to children the by weeks not go garbage would by and class started off which was the Noplanted keep newly lawns and be taken In particular away. oneTHE

L. Dr. 20, the under 1930, flower vember beds shrubbery and around

left spot garbage been for had months floor the ofL. the his Daines 4th chapel, on appointing of some and by street, scattered the along offense an

atwell Building has beenBishop's assist in maintaining to junior police the to resinostrils eyes of the and it session the was secondtended. these At grounds ward order when on dents. visited committee the The special todecided continue meet on. by entertainments to going were the City that Commission asked and

appointment, the that and be Daines the Dr. As ward aware of became regularly be garbage taken and away

lecture first activities torequested the the reduring of committee people it alleys that the be gathered from part session felt each the ported of touching high everything any and they streets. instead the front of from The

several chapters,spots attention, then to of needed the that so and members the to sent Commission go with men this in the answerremaining ofspend time committee kept were busy committee a surand complete make callsing investigating. questions. answering For and

all the of vey alleys to they sure be instance,.reported that one mother were open garbage and could wagons

neighher in children others the and Project of Report get through. report Their was made getting were someborhood from the to the Commission; change was they glass small tubes where which PIONEER STAKE 30TH WARD regular and garbage thorough made

spit to deused had balls—and blow

is established. removal Some now the leaders Departof Adult the visit sore to veloped mouths. ATHE city lots for vacant used been had Pioneer the of 30th Ward, ment disclosed Products Corporation Neon others grounds, covwere dumping are outstandingStake (both women) fact children scaled the that the had

tall ered children weeds with wherein Adult their the Deof support fence close tenfoot a which board petty to could plan smoke, hide idea. Projectpartment its erected the about had company sideetc. thieveries, also found They last to at the opportunity Here off glass carried was property and had level, street the walks sunken below their the things indo colors, community different which of tubes of some they that were weather so in wet effort individualwhich coloring. in the had been not mercury had The forced people were of water pools andable to accomplish, as such fact the that changing visit revealed the also

to trample lawns to or take on the collectionthe the of garbage from a children maliciously had destroyed street. In instances some one must street alleys, thefront raising to and beautiful of tulips the premises. bed on through deep to water get to wadeleveling sidewalks, sunken cleaning cothat suggested manager The by car. the street these All things were lots,high vacant weeds grown from evils eradioperation both be might

city. to the the attention brought ofetc. class leaders perobtained the The to remove company cated—the to the sent were remove dumps Men I. Presidency of themission A. glass pretubes M. the committee and to

lots, cut were the weeds vacant fromto a appoint to the committee canvas destruction of vent property by raised sidewalks were burned, andthe situation decide the and reforms children. the on

filled in. street the and urgently needed.most the their done part was This did and company The

and at the Project meeting, the first committee went to the school prinAt the end of the City's Spring

Tuesday in February, 1930, the idea cipal and suggested that if.lawns, Cleanup Week only a good start

was discussed with the class members flowers, and shrubs were planted about had been made in this section. The

who pledged their full support. The the neglected, barrenlooking school committee asked for an extension of

plans were then laid before the bishopgrounds the children would have more two weeks. This was granted with

ric and received their wholehearted respect for other people's property in the promise of all the wagons and approval and active support. The caring for their own. The result men necessary to haul the rubbish

committee was invited to meet with was a meeting of the ParentTeachers away.

the bishop once a week and discuss Association, school principal and the With the help of the deacons and their work. school patrons in the 30th Ward junior police the committee scraped,

They decided their first project chapel. At this meeting a petition shoveled and cleaned streets where filth

should be the improvement of order was drawn up asking for the beautihad literally buried the sidewalks forin the ward meetings. The bishop fication of the school grounds and for years—in places several feet deep. Ten

appointed deacons to show the people an adequate supervised playground trucks full of rubbish and "bad to their seats, explained the project for the school. The petition was health"were hauled away. The boys

to the congregation, and asked the signed by several hundred people and gathered up containers and filled fourpeople to support the committee. They sent to the Board of Education and teen of them with refuse from one

pledged themselves so to prepare their to the City Commission, and the unsightly spot on a main street.

work that there should be no whisperproject is now under way. "Dumping Prohibited by Law"

ing on the stand, and they put this The committee's attention was atsigns were put up on the vacant lots.

plan into effect in all ward meetings. tracted to a fifteen strand barbedwire The committee treated the boys to

Deputies were appointed to maintain fence around a vacant lot adjoining ice cream and cake at the close of order on the meetinghouse grounds the school grounds. Many children these hard days. Can you imagine

when ward entertainments were held. had been forced to be absent from the relish with which the boys ate

By invitation of the Primary officers school because of severe cuts received their treat?

the committee explained the project when running against this fence while The owner of one vacant lot paid to the children. playing on school grounds. A check the Boy Scouts to clean it up. The

.

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 231

money went towards securing outfits for the troup. Another served ice cream and cake to the boys who ** GUEANIEIKGURUS DEIRiflMENV

cleaned her lot. bishop The put the Committee unemployed of his clean ward on the 31 up job. People planted lawns and 4Grace C. Neslen, Chairman, Rachel G. Taylor, Martha G. Smith, Margaret Newman, flowers had not done who so before. Emily C. Adams One of the member committee asked

one of the city truck men who was hauling off a load of big rocks, if he would haul them into her lot and dump them. "Quit your kidding,"Calendar for February Clothing, etc.

he replied, "we know we can't dump 4. Customs. anything in this district any more."Feb. 3rd—M MenGleaner ActivMaking candles.

"Well, but I want them to make a ity; Drama. Knitting stockings. rock garden."It took some time to Feb. 1—Discussion—Gleaning. 5. Character sketches. convince him that she really did want Feb. 1 7—Discussion—Gleaning. Let the books have a portion dethe rocks. She finally got them, and Feb. 24—Discussion—."Treasure voted to local historical color. For

made her rock garden. Out of a disBook"night. instance, if you live in Salt Lake City,

carded kitchen sink found in her ask some older resident about the old travels about the vacant lots, she made THE PROJECT tithing office, which stood where the a tiny lily pool to go with the rock Utah Hotel now is. Many a man

garden. And so, the combined efforts DURING February one evening of and woman of today stood in line

of the committee, the M. I. A. and the Gleaner Girls is devoted to there with baskets on their arm, and a

other ward officers, the bishop, the their project, "I Will Gather Treashandful of tithing orders, hopeful of principal of the school, )Board of ures of Truth."If this project was getting some fresh butter or vegetables.

Education, Board of Health, and the launched in September, and has been Ask some one how South Temple

City Commission, turned neglected, constantly stimulated, every member Street looked when one side was much unsightly, flybreeding places into of the class will have some interesting higher than the other and the old clean, wholesome, respectable spots; contribution from her "Treasures of fashioned car drawn by a pair of

removed menaces to children's safety Truth"to give for the group. Dismules acted as the forerunner of toand accomplished many other things cussion leaders should through consulday's autos and electric cars. Or ask

tation and inspection too of material, make them relate numerous to if they remember the ceiling of here—which sure that the stories, incidents the residents and the tabernacle of their festooned when it was community very

keenly appreciate. Now any probsidelights of the past selected for this with evergreens and paper flowers,

lems that arise in this district are reevening shall have a vital appeal. with a huge conical mass suspended

ported to the Adult Project ComIf for any reason the girls have in the center which turned, slowing mittee with the feeling that it will be not made much progress in gathering one way and then reversed, measuring attended to. There is no dearth of their "Treasures of Truth,"let Feboff the time of the meeting for the

ruary 24th laboratory be a things to little children night tread and their came with each who upon do—they

all have other's heels. them mothers books. work to Sunday afternoon on their meeting. During the eleven

months this committee has been at Have pencils and paper for all. Give Become a living question mark.

work it has through hard persistent them a vision of what their books The following story is typical of effort, accomplished many things of may mean to them. Through quesearly days:

great benefit. tion and suggestion find out the things

To those who wonder how they they would like to know of the past, No Footprints can put over projects of the Adult and the things of the present they

Department of the M. I. A. in their would like to preserve for the future.

own community we recommend this Then 'when they have caught the report of a single ward. inspiration that comes from different

"Power and Prestige held sway a long time, viewpoints, let each write a contribuBut the Project Committee are raising their sign. tion for her book. The desire for'

Instead of filth that lay there in heaps selfexpression must be kindled. If

We now have clean lots and also clean streets."we force them to write from a sense

of duty, find fire we burning "no are going to keep working, We and within driving enthem towardsstill sing will I. song that our A. M. to deavors their shape reflections own *"* us,taught on, "Carry on. Carry and visions buoyant into forms worthy

Young Woman's Journal ofativerecordYouth)in print."(Foreword, CreSubscribers Help them as to how the subject

A special request is made of all matter in their book may be divided.

former Young Woman's Journal subOne teacher gave her class group scribers whose subscriptions were paid this classification:

up to December, 1929, and who later 1 Spiritual Treasures.

on in that year subscribed for the new Conversions.

Era, to notify the Era office to this Testimonies.

effect at once. In such cases their new Insight.

subscription to the Era should have 2. Occasions.

beeen carried up to December, 1930, Christmas. Clarissa Young (Spencer)

but due to the fact that the latter was Thanksgiving.

a in winter early the 70's-often given in another DURING the 3. than name Heirlooms and Mementoes.

father, president Young, Brigham myoriginal, errors some ochave may Brass candlesticks. was to take planning to to me Provocurred. rectify to Era is anxious The Daguerrotypes. attend Bro. Karl Maeser's school. I G.

all such mistakes. Portraits. tell not to of real the going am excitement

232 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

I got out of the fact I was going on a the sun shining through the trees, making In June of this year, 1930, the telelong trip with Father and the planning the fence, where the snow had piled high, phone operator in the apartment where by Mother, bless her memory, of my look like it was covered with diamonds. I live called me to say that there was

dresses and a coat, etc., to see me through Aunt Eliza and I were sitting by the a gentleman in the lobby to see me. When

school for the winter. And such pretty fire when a gentle knock came on the I went down I immediately recognized,

dresses they were for those days—a lovely north door. We were surprised, as no although I had not seen him for fifty

magenta delaine with a broad border one ever came to that door. Aunt Eliza years, John Walton, the boy who was

braided in black silk braid and a black motioned me to answer the knock and living in Aunt Eliza's home the winter alpaca dress trimmed with narrow black I got up, feeling perfectly safe as our big the above events took place. We had

ribbon velvet. My coat was made of watch dog, Rover, lay on the floor beside a very interesting visit talking over old

heavy brown woolen material with shoulme. I unlocked the door and opened it times in Provo and as he was leaving he

der cape which was scalloped and bound and there stood a rather tall man, very asked me if I remembered the visit of with brown silk braid with a cap to pale, wearing a straw hat, blue jacket and the strange perisonage fwhilie we were match of brown velveteen. spotless blue overalls. "Will you give living in Aunt Eliza-'s home in Provo.

We left Salt Lake early one crisp me something to eat?"he asked. I When I replied that I remembered it very

morning, stopping at one of the settleturned to Aunt Eiza and repeated his distinctly he asked me to repeat it to ments on the way for lunch. All the question, as he had spoken in a low voice. him just as I remembered it and as I

people we met seemed happy to have She invited him to come in and sit down, have told it here. He told me he had

Father stop long enough for lunch and which he did, placing his hat on the related it to his family many times and to feed the horses and when we left gave wide window sill. I laid the cloth and it was a great satisfaction to me to know

us a great sendoff. That same night we we set out a lunch of cold meat, apple that I had neither added to nor taken

reached Provo where Aunt Eliza gave sauce, good homemade bread and butter away from his recollection of a most inus a great welcome and a lovely supper, and a pitcher of milk. As the man came teresting occurrence of so many, many

after which we sat in the parlor, talked to the chair placed for him we went to years ago.

jourday's after relaxed our Eliza the sideawhile of and the other room, Aunt in remain will always picture A Eliza I Father and to Auntney, then books. knitting and Old her to and my in peaceful that of home memory my house in thecalled at the raised was everybody head, his looked who Rover house, comfortable great big the Provo: prayers. for evening the off parlor toto peacefully dozed come then stranger and of thoughtfulness Aunt the kindness and left I never done. always forThis was again. unusual something This was surof snow paths the Eliza, unbroken I (possibly a for side moment,Father's as rule a to he for not was Rover do the of the day the on home rounding for bit mother) a tiny homesick strangers.was to my friendly the visit stranger the and of eventful a with good bed, thenuntil for time

I with arose took the thankinfluence and awhile which beautiful After man Eliza up- I kiss, followed Auntnight voice, terminated the picked father dear in us subdued ing same my when my me sayafter bed,stairs. her in me. put She

closing quietly, departed, visit. hat his and unusual up as just in prayers, tuckeding me my somethe behind was There him. door tired I too did, was and always Spencer.Mother Clarissa Young

I the that so thing unusual about man feeling long. forto homesick be A of Brigham Young) (Daughter to the to ran window up and jumped after over soon came drowsinessof me

I the passed at a peek him. As have bed, feather lovely that insinking down

dis- I glanced table remember and down -"10tf>5fr Aunt turned and low thewith lamp

Eliza, breathlessly, tinctly saying "Aunt leaving room. the quietly ThenEliza

at all."food eaten hasn't anything he Theoblivion.

piece a aside of small untouched, from was on "I Music"stood in Provo Eliza's home Aunt Am the hurriedly bread. opened broken We main the of corner of one northeastthe

sight in nowhere door. was man The faced I; the frontstreets. house servant of master and am The SERVANT footprints of there sign a neither was and street, the across opposite,east. Just those dead, master those of of and porch, fallen the in on on the newly snow across Just house. Smoot'sstood Bishop spirits immortal living. me Through the gate the to around or leading the path the side stood north the streetthe on the that world message makes the speak I to gate see the front to ran house. Eliza's is it today. as Aunttabernacle worand street laugh if see he the I wonder and and but weep could on him fence and picket alot surrounded by was

disappeared. completely had ship. the to front door the led from patha

main street on the east. On the north We came back into the house wondering I tell the story of love, the story

feet fifteen possibly a porchside from was, was come where he had he who I incense the saves. upon that am window dining of the dressed front room gone. in waslong where he had He and I float to prayers Heaven. which am where we was face, serene door. This the his room with immaculatelyand and

field palls the over which the smoke norththe sat, parlor as the on will expression, usually remain with me peaceful east corner of the house was heated and always. Later we made inquiries of our of battle when men lie dying with me

opened only when we had company. neighbors but none of them had seen or on their lips.

dining the into hall front opened but no of him. went on heard Time The altar, I close to the marriage am stairthe broad this hall in was developed. and explanationroom

I graves stand the open and when floor. This upper to thecase went which reEliza returned, Father I Aunt I When call the home, wanderer nearby. a with cold veryparticular winter was stranger the experience with lated our I depths, the soul the rescue from ground. The the deal on of great snow "President do what asked, Young, and allips love, the through of and we dining in open room me the doornorth

sat it for Father some think means?"you front the only used locked living. and the to the keptways whisper dead his habit as his twirling was thumbs time this of east. purpose the The ondoor

I seriously. standing thinking was while I I all; as serve the serve and One fire in the benefit full of the get towas his me, around him, with beside arm I easily slave as as he king make to my and dining in the room stove the

reply. he for his anxiously As waiting I slaves. his subjects possible. This through speak as cold as out muchkeep said very closer to he him, drew me lived. practically air, the is studied insects the the and birds of the of where we this quietly, believe "I seriously and very Eliza, I I Aunt mean say we field,When crash the of rockwaters on the visited of has one been by house from a young man Walton,Johnnie in the shores; sighing ribbed of wind a paused Nephites."moment He Three and board, his for workedAlpine who trees, the the heard even and all lam by will said, kneel and then and "We school, and Maeser's to Brotherwent clatter of in souls the that prayers."evening our have me know myself.

streets. city wheels on lines to a say just few heavily more it snowing been had Now day This

for several hours, but it had cleared up that I am not trying to convince my I know no brother, yet all men are this experience I of the of truth readers returned shining when was I the sunand brothers; the the father of am my

I child, a to was from a path came when which me break to school. I hadfrom is best that in are the they and them

I correctness six of the had doubted or but through my the to door gate the east is I fathers best of the that in me; am re- a just occurred few incident an had memory, Johnny of snow. inches seven are I they of them, of me. and For convinced firmly and that has particular ago this day months me school atmainedconsequently not a path had been swept of the fact that I have neither forgotten am the instrument of God—-I AM

when I returned. It must have been nor exaggerated the incident set down MUSIC.along about fourthirty, for I remember in the foregoing statement.—Selected.

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 233

program according to the resources of the class choosing countries and acGil IRIS DEPARTMENT tivities. JUNIOR

For Example: "Customs from other Committee ===== Lands."

S. Laura P. Nicholson, Chairman; Agnes Knowlton, Julia S. Baxter, Emma Goddard, Song—Duet Jensen C. Katie = a. Featuring Scotland or Wales.

b. Germany or Hawaii.

In Costume Believing and Doing ior Girls have not participated an Social Customs of Japan or Engindividual, nevertheless, who has been land, or Sweden etc.

fact that three evenings in in our her Standard adjudgednr*HE "A"own Courtship in Mexico, Spain or are course the activity * study devoted to on go ward in this may to France, etc.

consideration of the Bible makes it the Churchwide finals. All those

possible to present a quite clear, though reaching "A"Standard will select the Folk Dance from Denmark, or very general, appreciation of its worth representative to enter contests. (For Irish jig, or Scotch fling, or French

and beauty. No class leader should "A"Standard requirements see Supminuet, etc.

be satisfied unless her girls go from plement to Handbook, page 27 and A display of souvenirs, handwork, these discussions with a deeper love 28). costumes, or festival equipment.

to a resolve its sacred pagesfor and girls represent The the lands may frequently than to moreturn them their ancestors from which come, haveheretofore. or they may be made responsible to

Chapters XII and XIII, listed for ask and obtain missionaries or converts

January, told of how the Bible in its to give the songs, customs, and to present form came to be and sketched show their treasuits, brought with in a broad way its contents. The them as souvenirs. Songs may be

exercise on page 55 might be used given in native tongue. The native

with profit as a frequent review, other costumes may be presented as a fashion questions being substituted on different show. One of the nicest travelogues

occasions for those given. Use Bibles given was of just one country. It

in class freely. The exercises are not was given by a young married couple

given as a memory test but to make who had returned from a mission.

the girls familiar with this sacked Songs of the country were sung, the book by actual use. Chapter XIV, two were dressed in native holiday

for February 10, should emphasize attire and they had brought with them our theme, "Believing and Doing."many articles of handwork from the

Follow the plan as suggested; have people they were telling of. Where

each passage of scripture read, then one country is chosen select the people discussed, coming back to the thought who are to present it with great care each time that through such messages that you will be sure to have a pleasing as these the Bible becomes indeed a performance. In all events, especially

guide for daily life. Read aloud the s!W;s:issfi where the girls are in charge, careful

quotations on page 58. rehearsing and checking up will be

disappointments. to avoid necessary each The Junior Rose XVI, Chapters and For XV

people are asked to come in Where ofgirl bring her should Book Mormon to class and examine its pages suffiand take part a careful explanation Travelogue of exactly what you wish should beciently to be able quickly to turn the will be a period Then the testimonies title page,to the of For the last Tuesday in March given.

are sure. success complete we witnesses,the the various books and

a few outstanding events, such as T* HE Junior class activity for the Refer to the notes in the January * will first Tuesday in March visionthe the journey of Nephi, upon be Era—department on the travelogue.

travelogue. of the wards Many land, the the to waters the promisedthe

conversion of Alma, the coming of and stakes have enjoyed such very List of Missionaries in the successful travelogues the the ministry Lamanite,Samuel that they are Field, Sept., 1930

to present a neverto-befor- the prepared the Nephites,of Jesus among year. gotten class this meeting Junior quesofclosing Moroni. The words American Missions 1050 to will There only be this period in testing aid will 61tions page on British 194 prepare for the presentation the of Esthe contents. ofher knowledge

pecial attention should be given to Junior halfhour activity period for CzechoSlovak.: 13

Chapter XVI, showing that this volthe entire Mutual, at which they will Danish. 44

ume, like the Bible, brings its messages present the travelogue as a class acEuropean Office 6 tivity of the Juniors before the entireof value for daily living.

association. you can make French. 56 We hope

it a really finished presentation. OwGerman- Austrian. 131

Retold Story ing to the fact that we have only Netherlands 47

Junior leaders it will that our hope be necessary to prepare with So. African 14

their and care Supplements read beforehand.WEhave one period to devote to the travelogue Norwegian 19

understand that in order to fill the reYou may wish to make a group Swedish 39 quirements in retold story a ward must presentation. Each two girls of the SwissGerman 136

have 20 % of its Junior Girls parclass might take a country and present Pacific Islands 107 ticipating in this activity. If a ward what they consider the most interestSo American 14

has not reached the requirement in ing features of that country. The

retold story because 20% of its Jungirls of the class might make up a Total 1870 234 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

Down in Beaver County, eight ANGIIAIRJDS SCOUTS IDIEIPJ. mileswas performedsoutheastduringof thethe countyBlack Hawkseat,

as can be a deed as courageous War, Committee =—rs*>- America. of in all the annals found

Dr. George R. Hill, Jr., and Charley R. Mabey, Chairmen; Nicholas G. Smith, German E. Charles A. Lee, a little son of a beEllsworth, LeRoi C. Snow, Ernest P. Horsley leaguered family, escaped through the

lines of the Indians who were attacking his father's house, and running all the way to town, brought help will relatives. Space distressed his to trains, outrages grant committedHistorical Markers Program details the of recital a of permit not.inflamed the against and Lamanite

courage. But act of this wonderful (Continued) war. into undoubtedly was Such him

it. she Will all about Beaver knows at the the cause of massacre Mountain has contributed more this boy giving towards somethingNOTHING do socalled depredathe of Meadows, resourceto courage, the develop dues? just his the!in Valley tions of and Utahfulness, the daring of stamina and love greater enjoys personage What the as outbreak bloody known more the his contact thanwhite with man than Washthe whites of the at hands Black War. Hawk can scout in AmericaIndian. Every His chief? Indian venerable the akie, citizens surroundof and Utah The in incidents of ourrecall hundreds the in is still a household word name restates to ever cause will ing have this land conquest ofsettlement and have they and part of Utah northern as SanWalker, Indians such member sideillustrating this point. Side by in after him Indian town an named Pocatello, pitch, Black Hawk. and qualities these exhibition of thewith Dal- a day Some County. Elder Box cases chieftains, in crafty These some patent equally fathers been hasin our bronze enduring into cast lin, to gifted in most exceedingly cunning and possessed redthe that the fact man very the features, aye, life the and their followers led hardy, brave and oras characteristics of high ansuch place will Indian, spirit the of did! not agafinst repeatedly and us cornerder. held no on have We his somethis pony red on noble man last losers. off the always come The initiative shrewdness.bravery, and state the of the grounds on where strategist a a of very high was named strateheroism, and cunning ofMuch generations future may that Capitol led thouorder, our for though we aboriginal the been by has showngy his revere this memIndian and know times, he against was sands him many been have amonginhabitants and we is what the in meantime mory. But really never really defeated never and traits these first and recognize tothe this Masfor to do going Elder Box until peaceably gave himsubdued he his First American""the toaccord the sasoit West? of the self in the agent to Indian up all of the brave placehigh among leaders onthe are a of few These country. Uintah ages. alltimes and of the name Clustered ly. around

But we have been somewhat tardy The aborigines who were friendly every one of them lie a host of memin our acknowledgment of the into us and our civilization bore charories of brave deeds and tragic sights, not to will acters that measure up Behim. againstjustices committed organization a scout of which each

of Indian standards highest the only been us have fought hascause we he village, no immortalize. might No

to those also statesmanship, but with cause his to it look uponprone has that is but small so of hamlet red brethren. their white man What the merenhanceddisfavor. have prous Let We a background. now such place a take history can in American slurred over case and ourits of own work. our ceed to

Sowiette, that of dignified than that had of we morehis. us knows Each

been in his place and he in ours, the of Washakie and of Kanosh? These -oogjgjn

fight we might have put up would men were brave and true. Their

have been just as sanguinary, just as treaties were faithfully kept; their Additional, Suggestions For

people broken. Our was never and word the numbersbitter. had Activity We the HalfHour

gratitude which of a debt them owe disposgraduallythe we and power Program full. boy in paid be No can never inheritance. saw hissessed He of him

this aggressiveness on our part and who bears all the insignia of an eagleretaliated, and such retaliations were Scout ever merited greater tribute than April—May

named by us as atrocious and savage. these.What he thought of our acts has In our desire to place suitable meVanguards—Scouts

of deeds the with deeds his commemorating morials in largelybeen shown talks mawith 8 minute 7 or are pathfinders, we but FOUR simple and pioneers of our burst occasionalan illustrate to by pictures terial or recgiving ourselves of Tethat as honoring by not suchdirect oratory Scouts. or Vanguards a of these brave to men Inognition Black Hawk. and Thecumseh Mosquito. the of history 1. Life

so make race? think and in talker, doer, vanishing a never butdian We was of material demonstrational Include forgotten not that scout. be they suggestion true a particular he waswhich life and the of mosquito water the

this worthy out are carrying while for mercy. to plead our we scornedHe size large drawtheir enemies. Show our to rearing for monuments idea of give to blow back preferredHe species different illustrate the to ings

is heroes. succeeded well heblow. own How of mosquito.

in the annals of every colony ceninwritten of a score are towns There 2. migrate birds where and Why to Astoria. again timefrom Plymouth time and tral which Utah migrate. birds Tell go. which they

The West is no exception to these received succor at the hands of SowiWhere and when one might see difthings, with, however, this difference ette. Surely the residents of Utah ferent species in migration.

that Brigham Young, like William County can find some place worthy 3. Our National Parks. How

Penn, believed in making friends with to keep him in remembrance. many. Where located. Why chosen.

the red man, in feeding him rather Kanosh has given his name to one Distinctive features of each.

than fighting him. And in all the of the thriving towns in Millard 4. Why people fish. For what

esteem the great is for different used so his kinds. of this County, Methods colonization of thehistory

is a think bears. should of life single knowledge honored life territory not aintermountain We kinds. 'Why

act of aggression can be laid at the the scouts in that county might be habits of different kinds of fish essendoor of this great leader. Occasionally able to erect a monument to his memtial to successful fishing? Why game

some of his followers, or passing emiory. laws for fishing?

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 235

youth is the time to acquire it. All

avenues are open and opportunity is IBIEIEIHIIWIE GIIRjlS DEPARTMENT calling from the very housetops to

Committee comeNotandall learn.may obtain a college eduall after duty -of cation, but "The

Folsom, F. Clawson, Glenn J. Beeley, Marie C. VidaSarah R. Cannon, Chairman; Catherine to is a supplement a college to be Brandley Elsie T. Thomas,

experience."Theory is helpful but

we must learn to think, to experiment and to work out our own problems as makeof playproduction real knowledge. if we would obtain Calendar for February phases

etc., stage settings, up, costuming, of the one and SchumannHeink,

BUILDERS IN THE HIVE the girls who do not actually have greatest singers, found that sheworld'shad February 3-—Guide 18—-National a speaking part in the play might be a voice for singing, so in spite of

Anthem (Foundation Cell No. 8) assigned such responsible positions as poverty and almost insurmountable

and National Flag. stagemanager, electrician, business obstacles, she took advantage of every

etc. Read possible opportunity. She watched, February 10—Guide 19—Bathing manager, property manager,

the Baby (Foundation Cell No. 5). the M. I. A. Handbook, pages 403 she listened to others sing, observing

is if there time discuss and their 423, February dress, meththeir their manner, 17—Guide 20—Open to

girls. the BeeHive in class with posfor them help your planning. when oc{s. She accepted

21- -Textiles. As announced in January, any of s ible to obtain it and finally reached February 24—Guide

secured be plays herself, suggested may goal she marked the had GATHERERS Office for it is General is Board the from Knowledge more than power—for February a selfsend Please 10c. price ambition, of gratitude, 3—GuideOF18—CivicHONEY Rethethe mercy, sympathy,

sponsibility. envelope. addressed devotion and loyalty. 19—Home 10—Guide

. at Home. Spirit of the Hive TheEvening—HappinessFebruary

planned be February 17—To Activity the BeeCoitlltlUnity of underlying power by HTHE Girls.BeeKeeper the is Spirit of the work * Hive the Sweetness PT1 February LILLCILI TPnnrtrnlCJJclI and24—Taste actuforce which unseen Hive—that Service.of

unselfishly. ates every to page 229] work from [Continued member

girls nor lose never forget the Contest Activities Let Additional.,,.. -. cSuggestions.. Fort? the points sight involved—Have of

intrastake conthe for time"THE Safeguard paithi Knowledge, Seek For Program M Men's is fast Girls -.* tests BeeHive for UnderHealth, Womanhood, Honor April or May offered suggestionsapproaching. The Love stand Beauty, Work, Know

in the January Era wil help to simTruth, Taste the Sweetness of Service, For example:

could, chorus good Men adopt to wish theplify you program M are (a) A help, Feel Joy. your For we

speeches demonstraand through stake. Beeparticularfor While your these points offering from thoughts on

the to explain tions, audience indoes extend competition notHive to month. month

in for looked music to be points it is excontests,to division or final cellent in providing opportunities for Have Faith and methods used for obtaining the girls to introduce their program [ See page 243] perfection.

to the public. Encourage the Swarms (b) A member of a winning Basket

in your stake to enter at least a part Seek Knowledge Ball team could explain training effecregulations, rules, practice the suggested, make and the eventsof tive plays and other points which activity of contest oneBeeHive the W7HATEVERYty principles*.-* of intelli-u-

ball. basket for good make Theoutstanding accomplishments of the life rise it will the resur us in with finer activities, in points other ofM. I. A. year.

if rection; gains a person and more to could be like manner, brought

AprilMay Program knowledgethrough hisanddiligenceintelligenceand inobediencethis life Thistheprogramattentionshouldof thenotaudience.consist of

another, will than he so have otof thethe monthsmonths thethe lastlast twotwo much speaking only, apbut should includeFOR'OR in the advantage to willwill world bebe the dpnartmenrdepartment come."pzcheach season,Qpacnn propriate demonstrations and exhibi

given the privilege of presenting to D. C. 130:1819.) tions.

the entire association a program of a To one who seeks knowledge, life halfhour's duration. For the Beeis like a fruitful tree giving generously Bee Hive Girls

Hive Girls, we suggest a oneact play. to those who would gather its pro- [Continued from page 229]

A number of these were listed in the ducts. The search for knowledge in Journal. For the benefit of those who

January Era, with stars (indicating and of itself brings a joy and satishave access to back numbers of the the most interesting ones from the faction that no other attivity can Journal, the list is herewith reprinted, standpoint of a BeeHive Swarm. supply. Wealth may take wings and with date of publication

For this play, do not choose the fly away but knowledge is an everUnselfishness Y oun g Woman's lasting possession. arbitrarily, but have somecharacters 1928. Journal—Sept.,

girls wffl 'j the Above Friendship -Young in whichsort of tryouts all things, Solomon, who is Woman's Jourcompete for the parts, and perhaps credited as being the wisest man, nal—Jan., 1929.themselves vote on the ones to be prayed for understanding, which The Rainbow Seekers—V o u n ggiven places. In many cases, every means knowledge and the prudence Woman's Journal-—July, 1929.

girl in the swarm will be required and intelligence to use it wisely. The Club Faces the Facts Young

to fill out the casts, but in any event Efficiency—another word for Woman's Journal—-Apr., 1929.

make the girls feel that it is their proknowledge and the ability to use it, Stars of Twilight Young Womgram, and not simply one for a few of is the rallying cry of industrialism an's Journal—Dec, 1928.

them. today. Competition is so keen that, Enter Rosie Y o u n g Woman's Prior to the time of actual preslacking this qualification, none need Journal—Mar., 1929.

entation, there might be a part of apply for a position in any occupa- (See January Era for number of several evenings spent in studying such tion. "Knowledge is power,"and characters and time of playing.)

236 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

An Epidemic ofNEW CLASSES EVERY WEEK

Happiness V < '':: '- ':

$ {Continued from page 201] muj - -VKHHBMniiHfiHmnBiHHlKiPPil.-. r;%i:fi;;;; "Woman, where art thine accusers? Hath no man condemned

thee?"

:.,;. --:<-'.. Lord.": man, "No ':':.':': '; *;?'"Neither do I condemn thee,

''"": '. "'and sin more."go no

Was it not this righteous attitude, which made it possible, too,. for the Master to reach that un-

!> M precedented apex of forgiveness of

the malefactor who, trembling, appealed to him for mercy and was answered instantly by that sublime benediction:

'This day shalt thou be with me in Paradise?"

genial President Mcsense of unselfSCHOOL PARTY AT HOTEL UTAH, 1930 OURKinley'sown high

NOW IS A GOOD TIME TO ENROLL ish appreciation and courtesy v/as 37 Calls For Office Help Received During 1930 remarkably demonstrated at the

Visitors Welcome—Call, Write or Phone for Information PanAmerican Exposition at Buffalo when, after the President was

shot, his assassin and being was HENAGER'S BUSINESS COLLEGE 45 Kitst ffroaclwaT Wasatch 2753 captors, treated roughly by his

The School With A National Reputation pleaded with the latter, saying:

Don't be too hard on him!"When in Los Angeles Have Your Eyes "Oh, don't be too hard on him!

Appreciation in superlative! the

Examined! in St. Louis, once a woman A

have examined fit with We and glasses, when shoplifter, and had who necessary. for clever missionaries of the 100%

10 years. made her living by shoplifting for

some years, was eventually caught,

J. xiAKL oALIbR, Opt. D., 205 QuinbTuidg. va. 4415 tried, convicted, and sent to the

'-a penitentiary. After gaining her

freedom she became converted and joined a Christian church.

as she leaving evening was One LB BRAN the foyer the church crowded of filled with her friends, a man who had known her in her past life CARMJENTOf superior quality and workmanship approached her, extended his hand, for aren't and said: Mrs. you "Oh, SALT manufacturedLAKE KNITTING theSTORE

prices And sold at defying 'served time'in the When ordering, who us from remember Postage Pay competition.We penitentiary for shoplifting?"

FOR LADIES FOR MEN No. No. 703 Flat Weave $.95 610 Ribbed Light Wt $1.25 The woman in sweet humility

719 Ribbed Light Weight 1.25 614 Med. Wt. Ex. Quality 1.75 and being healed of that plague,

792 Quality Cotton 1.50 Fine 605 Med. 1.50 Cotton Heavy

Silk Lisle 1.95 751 Fine 663 Cotton.. 1.95 and being healed, I say, of the selfUnbleached Med. Heavy

711 Silk Stripe 1.50 664 Med. Med. Heavy Wt Wt. Cotton 1.95 righteousness and selfjustification

Silk Stripe.... 1.95 710 Quality Extra 2.75 620 NonRun Rayon

714 Med. Wt. Extra Quality 1.75 680 Extra Heavy Unbleached 2.25 which would perpetuate it,

715 Super Quality 660 Rayon 2.75 Med. Wt. Silk and Wool

720 1.95 654 Rayon NonRun Heavy Weight Wool 2.503.75 smiled at him and said: "Yes, I'm 50%

770 Silk and Wool 1.95 644 Heavy Weight 100% Wool 4.95 that woman, I'm so glad!"

e05, Nos. in 654, 644 stocked are Style Only New the result? She, was What

or to specify Style not fail if for Old and or also Do New Woman, Man herself, abased state if long having sleeve, short legs or short are was exalted or long wanted. Give accurate Bust Measurement,

Height and Weight. Sent Samples Upon Request. and was soon surrounded by Charge Extra For Sizes 46 Over 20%

friends who ministered unto her.

exalted himself, he, having While SALT KNITTING LAKE STORE 70 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH left the was abased, church and

in confusion.

The Improvement Era for February, 1931

Says Henry Drummond: diction even to meet with it for a day!

"To be trusted is to be saved; and

"Guilelessness is the grace for suspicious if we try to influence or elevate others, people, and the possession of it is the we shall soon see that success is in progreat secret of personal influence; you portion to their belief of our belief in

will find if you think for a moment, that them. For the respect of another Is the

the people who influence you are the first restoration of the selfrespect a man people who believe in you. In an atmoshas lost; our ideal of what he is, becomes

phere of suspicion, men shrivel up; but to him the hope and pattern of what

in that other atmosphere they expand, and he may become."

find encouragement fellowand educative ship. here And Mr. Drummond points out It is a wonderful thing that

and there in this hard, uncharitable world that John does not even say the there should still be left a few rare souls world is wrong; all he does say is

who think no evil. This is a great unmerely that it "passeth away."

worldliness. 'Love thinketh no evil:'

side, bright motive, sees theimputes no best construction puts the evcrv on acTHE Master said he did not Amazingly Easy tion. What a delightful state of mind come to judge the world but

to live in! what a stimulus and beneto save the world. Way to Get Into "K<'e2J*>S!

M.LA.Monthly Report ofAccomplishments ELECTRICITYDon't spend your life waiting for $5 raises

. dollars.. and aforeverweek. December, 1930 in.. a. saydull,goodbyehopeless tojob.25 andNow35

for positions prepare to teach Let you how me -. E to a $200 to up week $80, on and lead that $50, =—ia correspondence, but in by by Electricity—NOT

CO in the to here right teach way amazing an o = Q.5

is a practical you that makes Shops Coyne So.—great 03 E c -arcuj o! is electricity into 90 expert in Getting days 3.ES

far easier you imagine than - s -*= % =o -n"o. Books Learn Without 2o C>C/1s E o o"S zo oia. ren

1 Alberta 11 9 8 4 3 9 8 Shops Coyne | 1 50 6 In 8 90 Days—in Alpine 6 6 6.... 4 5 6 6 6 1 91 6 educaor advanced of Lack experience-—age, Bannock 8 3 3 1.... 1 1 1 3 1 50 | 2 3 if I don't care don't tion you one. bars no Bear 12 Lake 12 7 7 8 7 7 12 80 8 don't air from armature an an know brake—I Benson 14 11 9 4 5 10 11 8 8 55! It difference Don't to expect you no makes Beaver 6 3 2 2 3 2 3 3 90 of let the! stop lack of you. Most men money Blackfoot 14 9 7 4 7 6 5 8 5 9 95 have. than you no have at more money Coyne Blaine 6 3 1 1 1 1 6 2 I astonishing out have That's worked my why Eoxelder 13 13 12 11 13 7 73 13 | 10 9 offers. Cache 8 8 8 7 7 7 7 7 6 6 78

Carbon 9 6 7 5 7 2 6 5 4 100 Cassia 6 5 4 3 4 1 5 3 2 75 Learn While Earn You.... Cottonwood 10 7 4 5 7 2 2 7 50 2 living your to help If parttime need you pay work Curlew 5 8 5 5 4 5 6 50 3 2 graduate I'll it and get you when you help expenses Deseret 12 8 3 5 6 3 3 8 4 35 service. I'll in give lifetime Then you 12 employment Jordan.... East 5 11 4 4 5 4 5 3 4 73 1 Coyne, in of roaring the great weeks, brief shops Emery 5 8 4 4 4 2 2 4 trained be could train as you never dreamed you you Fremont 8 14 14 6 4 10 8 14 57

.. electric apof outlays greatest the.on one of Granite 10 10 10 8 8 9 7 72 8

.. engines, ever. real dynamos, power assembled paratus Grant 14 13 6 7 5 13 5 60 12

... stations plants, autos, transmitting switchboards, Gunnison 7 7 7 5 3 7 7 6 50 lighting bells power everything and farm to door from

.... Falls Idaho 12 12 9 8 9 4 7 6 12 75

... every full.full day!.in sized. operation 5 5 Kolob 3 2 1 3 5 4 50 5

Lehi 6 5 4 4 5 5 100 5 4 Liberty 9 12 12 9 12 Lessons 12 3 12 11 10 90 No Books—No

11 Logan 9 5 9 5 9 8 6 75 5 classes, get charts, no baffling you dull books, no No Los Angeles 10 10 6 8 7 7 3 6 10 8 88 all actual real individual training work...

4 Lost 4 4 River........ 1 1 1 2 3 4 37

. real real armatures, operating... building.winding real batteries.

3 6 2 2 Lyman 1 1 3 2 3 2 etc. wiring generators, motors, houses, and dynamos

9 9 Malad 3 5 5 9 35 5 4 5 5 Millard 6 5 4 4 5 1 3 57 5 3 3 8 5 2 2 4 Minidoka 1 5 4 4 79 FACTS GET THE 9 5 4 3 3 Moapa 4 4 4 62 electricity. into is get to great one your chance Coyne 5 6 10 Montpelier 13 9 3 7 4 38

is is obstacle years This school Every removed. 30

.... 3 5 1 Moroni 3 1 2 3 3 3 88

is all training yond b old—Coyne 14 4 tested—provin 8 6 North 12 12 Weber. 36 9 11 7

concerns. electrical large '| endorsed by many

I 6 Pocatello 8 7... 10 7 5 6 5 8 87

free. everything find absolutely Simply can out doubt—andYou

I 1 5 3 1 7 4 100 Portneuf 3 5 3 5 free let big send you coupon the the mail me and.... 1 6 1 1 1 o 4 4 Raft 3 River

.. facts of... jobs photographs... Coyne book 150

1 5 St. 1 9 1 3 6 2 3 5 4 George

.. earn. Tells. opportunities. salaries you how many

5 5 Shelley 1 9 4 4 37 2 1 assist our gradutraining while how expenses and we 7 8 7 "i 7 Davis... 62 1 South 7 7 "l 7

field. obligate This you. does not in ates So the

1 7 6 5 5 7 7 4 2 80 South Sanpete once. Just the coupon. mail act at

6 Sevier.... 5 95 8 8 8 7 8 8 7 South

Star Valley 11 9 5 6 5 1 3 49 4

Sharon BIG for my BOOKbig book containingFREE150 photographs Salt Lake 137 136 113 37 115 10 13 104 7565 13 75 Send 1 3 1 2 3 69 4 6 4 2 telling complete St. Johns FREE story—absolutely

13 75 16 St. 13 1 14 11 12 15 16 Joseph 16 Pres. H. C. ELECTRICAL LEWIS, SCHOOL,

3 3 3 5 6 6 6 4 51 4 Taylor 5 MYNFUUint. a St., Dept. Chicago 2129, s p all iin 5Q0

3 5 7 33 7 4 5 10 Tooele 4 4 4 1 2 60 4 10 Uintah 0 "6 Pres. H. Mr. 1EWIS. 3 9 2 85 9 7 9 9 Utah Dept. 2129 C.ELECTRICAL SCHOOL, COYNE 7 9 8 2 6 86 9 9 Wasatch

111. S. St., Chicago, Paulina 500 6 3 43 3 3 2 2 6 Wayne obligation Lewis: send Dear Without Mr. 9 4 1 5 53 7 9 9 Weber all of big, free details catalog your and me 3 4 80 2 3 4 4 4 "s Woodruff Service, Radio, Aeroplane, Free Employment 6 6 8.... 60 10 6 6 1 6 6 10 10 Yellowstone I and'Electrical Courses, Automobile and bow

1.... 5 4 5 3 80 4 3 5 5 7 Zion Park while learning.""earn may

I 1.... 4 15 83 1 12 9 6 9 10 15 Calif. 38 Mission-

3 10 40 14 10 9 6 6 Eastern States 9 Name 7 86 10 7 10 20 Northwestern

In addition to the above, stakes report having conducted successful law enforcement Address, parties, snowball and other Christmas parties, also Gleaner, Junior an d BeeHive girio having prepared and distributed Christmas Cheer boxes to hospitals and to poor families. City State.

Several successful Gold and Green Balls have also been held.

.!

238 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

Essentials in Putlic Speaking, LET'S GET TOGETHER on your [Continued from page 207] others of men, helping deliver the to master D. and How Home, Church, Bank, reflected expression: in the

. speech. a daily."turn good "Do Painting and Decorating the subject 1. Assimilate matAfrican South Con- e. The Problems stabulary gave the motto: ter as a whole by—

Estimates "Be Prepared."gladly suggestions and x. entirely. Memory

all these sources furnished f. From obligation. without brief. y. Memorized ideal the came, the of

z. Complete o r partial strong, "Physically Ketterer & Perschon Scout:mentally manuscript. moralert and

Company ally straight."2. Extemporaneous delivery.

unless succeed can Scouting Street not II. But Washington 657

lives Salt the of the nation up 3. Importance of posture, Utah Lake City, manhood

Phone Was. 2797 Phone Hy. 3756 to similar ideals. voice, enunciation, articuMI<I1 A. We may set up artificial ideals, lation, pronunciation, gesbut after all it is ourselves that ture.

that are imitated by the boys age. Scout indeed, "X/f beginners, and ANY

1 There be honor among may speakers experienced many thieves criminal the and may PEWS of their speeches. If you memorize the children his to tell teach

Pulpits truth, but the son of the prefer this method, then, by all criminal is usually a criminal. means, memorize by "thoughts"

better a troop is seldom 2. So CHAIRS its Scoutmaster, than and not merely by "words."Build than or

Folding, the men of its icommunity. up an association of ideas; master

Kindergarten 3. Perhaps one of the reasons your speech as a whole, not isosuccess for English Scout subyour paragraphs; know and Opera Sir fact Badenthe that been

it is then your speech, such a been good has Powell has ject—notlated Office, Bank, Church and Store

forto impossible for you almost Fixtures living example.

to say. live intended up to what you get what

boys. Salt Lake Cabinet & B. Wewe must,expect then,of our care in building the is where Here

violates father speed who 1. A Fixture Company

his laws son your outline and the labor of fully expect can not Street 32 Richards

Write us for prices to obey them. writing out the speech, begin to

a. Only last week a boy in pay dividends. Without these

this city under the legal preliminary processes, many rash, limit, caught age was drivunconsidered or silly ideas pop inspeeding. a car ing and

to the out of the mouth. mind and testified in court that b. He MODERN BOOKS taught his father a care speech permits had written him The

to drive and that insures a relahis fain phraseology and habitually in driving that Qualify you for all ther precisely tive saying certainty of speeded. PUBLIC SPEAKING 2. A father who swears, what you intended to say.

disregards implies the means, that and This, by no for new drinks Occasions—send force truth is, through in repeat verbatim should of you Catalog. a training example, his son dull and lifeless manner the endinfluence a stronger by

THE SPEAKERS everthan counteract.any words of his can lessover linesthe pagesthat youand havedrummedscrawledby

Conclusion brain. ceaseless into your pounding LIBRARY

I. is modelling Somewhere, some boy alspeakers reproduce do Many

after as himself or me, and you Station) we set (Brightwood exactly writthey most have what will the folow. so he example D. C. Washington, material use the ten out same and II. live he that so not Should we

will have a.worthy example to copy? time after time, but they revive

the written words; they recreate

all the fire and vigor "that they felt in its first creation. Save

If the complete manuscript is not memorized, the full outline, Your or some reduction of it may be before you at the time of delivery. Money However, it is certain that only 1 1

Why -waste $60.00 on! the most experienced and brilliant

Certificate When Joseph { speakers can overcome the serious can Taylor Wm. furbarrier that a manuscript erects befuneral complete nish a

for a little more than j tween a speaker and his audience.

a Certificate costs. | We can not urge you too strongly

Services, quality and to such a handicap do away with prices equaled not by] to contact.""audience 'If you The Leading Mortician anyone.

Expert Embalmer JOSEPH WM. TAYLOR and must use notes, use them openly:

12B North Main Street both Phone office and residence Was. 7600 I

let them be clearly written so that

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 239

you can read them with the utmost mastery, posture, poise, manners readiness. Hold them in one hand, go far toward winning the audiout and away from the body: let ence. Let your entire physical atthem become so much an actual titude reveal your simple earnestpart of you, that your personality ness, directness, sincere purpose and

ends not with the tip of your freedom from affectation and selffingers, but with the furthest edge consciousness. Make yourself inof your notes. They must beconspicuous so that your message

come merely a guide for your may be glorified.

thoughts,from—not nota crutcha bookto supportto be readinof Astheyouaudiencebegin tois speak,reinforcedthe eyeby

adequate preparation. Your audithe ear. By these two means your

ence wants your glance to rest hearers should be led to focus on upon them, they want to perceive the content of your discussion.

your thought and emotion as it Never should any eccentricity or glows through your eyes and plays falsity in your manner or voice In the Great Shops of upon your countenance. They do distract the mind of your audience

not want to watch you fumbling from the central purpose of your desperately or seekingpapers for speech. in life slaving away your COYNEspend Don't

a besatisfled aid topic dull, Don't job about hopeless upon which you some recognition Proper, not labored, $30 or to $20! a for mere work are to have supposed both ample to make you a REALweek. how show Let me audience the the of chairman and

in FASTESTRADIO THE convicearnest MONEY information and is hurexpected. don't always But MONEYMAKING BIGGEST GROWING,

tions. EARTH! ON GAME level ry. glance your about A

The ideal towards which every auditorium allows time for subtle Thousands of Jobs speaker strives is fluent, graceful, recognition and invites attention. Paying $60 to $200 a Week

Tester, Inspector Designer, as speech. in forceful extemporization Jobs calmly yourself to look Accustom Radio to a $10,000 $3,000 paying

is speech, art in the highestThis year—asandInstallation Service in and and Salesman at the people and directly who Operator to $100 at $45 work, a week—as glorified conversaof the climax their have with complimented at you Station, Broadcasting of a or Manager

Wireless tion. a $5,000 to be compared It must not in $1,800 It presence. the battle is half Airplane, as a oryear—as a Ship Operator on rambling with impromptu, Expert or Sound Picture Talking speech. a yourself verbeginning Train

bosity, which is the idle boast of to breathe deeply and quietly, THOUSANDSand on up to $200of JOBSa weekPAYING! $60, $70

that garrulous type who offers to is a great help in placing an initial Lessons No at subject any "speak on any Books—No tone. All Actual Work extemporization time."Genuine

School. Correspondence is a before the that NOT Keep your mind

is exact you the to teach most and from based attempt upon don't CoyneWe public primary speakpurpose of by teach you lessons. or ACWe generally preparation, painstaking outlay of the great on WORK booksTUAL is ing conversational the communiTelevision, Talking Broadcasting, Radio, It time. period a of long over

in asequipment Practice cation at Picture Code so thought, of once and investigation, meditarepresents cut out because we school. And any atthe maintain sume always and a Pracas graduate theory, you useless consideration, logtion, prayerful time. weeks'8 in tical Expert Radio titude Face of communication.

ical assimordering thorough and at squarely. audience your Look preilation material. of These TELEVISION rethem, see them, watch their Is on the Way! steps be further liminary must

sponses. gesture of! amount The is Soon Television on way now And sincere conviction backed up by of for demand be a will be determined temyour by THOUSANDS! the The who man there EXPERTS courage. there'llTELEVISION and may Then

Television the perament, speech, of nature of the groundfloor gets on delivery! the excitement of in field come this in new a makein can theFORTUNE the character the audience, of the the very at Television on Learn COYNE choice just the the just word, apt equipment. latest Television occasion. as every whole But

senthe just ringing phraseology, speaker that does something do Pictures Talking tence that men call eloquence. catches the eye of audience, the Field A Big is complete, preparation Your really he can avoid not form some Pictures, and Talking

oppor of golden offer thousands actually Systems yourself imagine now Public Address gesture, beof although, to be sure, Learn Radio tunities Man. Trained the I approach audience. fore the Picture Do actual and Talking at on there is a very If COYNEto wide margin.

with the confidence that comes the gesture is simple, sincere and Sound Reproduction equipment.

in readiness assured mind from Learn Earn As You appropriate to the thought, it most get Free job a about You worry a I stand with body? and Do certainly adds emphasis and if Life.! for Service you variEmploymentDon't And

at school to I start while right talkpart-time work out need slouch? Do It is ety delivery. to the a crucial

we'll get it. help you expenses, help pay too loudly or too I speak ing? Do is old. is 31 Training years Coyne deterfor matter each speaker Coyne to

can a feet and dully? Are my hands for mine with tested—Youlutely JUST findMAILout everythingthe Couponabsofor

I source of annoyance? make BOOK. Mv BIGfree.FREE Do assistance the himself—perhapsof intelligent criti-

a favorable impression? Do I put cism. Fortunately, the normal H. C. LEWIS, President

Electrical School Division, Coyne Radio ease? their at audience the trust Hunperson does his can and own Chicago, Nf. St., Dept. Paulina 215C, 500 queries pursue of such dreds may and Free Big Radio Book your Send S.me instincts natural for communicaall Introductory Special details of your you. tion inthrough in does obligate Offer. This not any me pantomime—an way. stinct all so useful first in evident channel of communicaand The

tion between the speaker and the people. In general, start out calmly Name -

audience is what the eye tells. The and clearly; grow in intensity as Address

moment you appear, your body ideas and emotions develop. Save City State

begins to speak for you. Selfyour most powerfully emphatic

.;

240 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

moods and gestures for genuine so as to state all the essentials of climaxes. A transition here may time, place, admission, etc., and

Distinctive belowseffectedthe audienceby a pause,to absorbwhichwhatalutteredin the audienceso loudlymaythathear.every one has just been said—then resume b. In introducing a speaker be

with enough change in bodily posure that you know his name and sition and pitch of voice to indihow to pronounce it; give him

cate the further progress of the his correct title; state quietly, not

discussion. flamboyantly, his achievements,TYPE It is an accepted condition that why he is the speaker, and upon

your enunciation, articulation and what grounds he claims an attenpronunciation must reach the hightive hearing; avoid fulsome flattery FACES est standards of proficiency. And and corroded superlatives; above

most assuredly you (must speak all else not try to his do make Correct in Style for loudly and distinctly to enough speech for in the him; and name be readily understood—otherwise of decency and common sense, be

your speech is doomed to failure. brief.

strength to Society Most people have the vocal c. Presentation speeches are of themselves heard make types, innumerable the for but

it remains only to be freed from part most include should a happy the inhibitions selffear of auand and reference the to occasion, some diencedread. freedom This comes gracious remark about the causes

most readily through ample prepathat gave rise to the presentation, ration of speech material and ade- a bit of personal reminiscence, Commercial quate oral practice on this studisome tender sentiment, some touch ously wrought out data. of humor, some pledge of affection

Printing voiceFurtherand gesturedetailedshouldinstructionbe givenin cereor loyalty.regard andIts happykeynotesfelicitation.are sinonly by a competent instructor. As a general rule, such speeches

is a fine There elaborate techand are is quite brief, all saying that that often nique 3 great proves of affair appropriate to the in hand, to value the individual student, but no more!

those for See our specimens of but to not in position d. Acceptance speeches are genavail themselves of such profesModern Wedding erally presentation shorter than sional instruction, urge that we Invitations they rely upon the common sense speeches. The former respond sinsuggestions above. If fair and cerely to the sentiments of the

merely reecho them, honest in your preparation, you latter—often

will find unexpected tones, inflecor they may be slightly embroidtions and gestures rising to your ered with a deeper tone of appreaccepting office, it is always approThe Deseret aidacteristicthat ofwillyoube anddistinctlywhich charwill ciation, sentiment or humor. In

valiantly reinforce your ideas. priate to refer gracefully to a predecessor; to summarize the achievepopular types ments of speeches. of the past; E. Some to pledge loyalty News Press (See outline to sketch and devotion; at beginning of (but

. briefly) the campaign of the future; to 29 Richards Street 1thisSpeechesseries ofofarticles)courtesu. the sound the keynote of

Salt Lake City 2. After dinner speeches. incoming administration; and to

3. Commemorative speeches. coin a clever slogan.

*m ** <m> w t ii v IW> 4. Definitely motivated

speeches. 2. AfterDinner Speeches BE INDEPENDENT

No Other Vocation So Profitable! TN the following paragraphs there

is the ENROLL NOW will be no attempt to characterTHE afterdinner speech

For a Complete Course at the ize the more extended types of most widely practiced of all types, often abused. and the most to characterize only

table affords banquet the most generally used. TheQuish School of Beauty Culture speeches—butsome of those most

The Best in the West comfortable place for the inter304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. 1. Speeches of Courtesy change of ideas, social, political,

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH financial, literary and fraternal.

For Further Information a. Announcements and other Always a good dinner lubricates

and Catalog Call business remarks should be brief, business. But a painful miscon7560 Wasatch or clearly stated, devoid of any perception on the part of many afterFill in This

Coupon sonal display, logically arranged dinner speakers cause us often to dread that part of the gathering:iFulton, R. I., Trueblood, and T. C, which should be most eagerly anPrinciples of Elocution,""The Ginn & Co.. N. Y., is a standard and practical ticipated—the speaking. The three

treatise on yoice and gesture. rank faults of afterdinner speakThe Improvement Era for February, 1931 241

ing are triviality, dullness and promind throughout the detailed dislixity. Never lose sight of this cussion in Chapter II, A-D.

fact in your preparation for such 20 Years of occasion. the affirmaan From Summary Improvementtive these general side keep hints

before you. '"THE testimony of William Lyon produced this

a. Timeliness. Let your rePhelps who is Professor of

marks grow out of the environEnglish at Yale University andment and whether local or general who is generally acclaimed to be GREAT be speakers related to the cause of the one charming of the most gathering. preEUREKA in America, summarizes our

b. Geniality. Let your manner vious suggestions. He writes:

be agreeable and genial. The "I seldom think how I amspeaker is a guest. The diners speaking. Studied gesture and $56.50

should be kindred spirits. It is particular tone of voice may do Attachments

never for a time satire, irony, sharp others, well for but I employ FREEcriticism, or denunciation. It neither. I try what to make Limited Time I say For

should be a season of commendaintimate. Unlike some speakers,

tion, construction, and congratu- I am always looking at the peoIn the Eureka Standard, lation. meet at the We I in banquet ple the audience. talk directly the famous "HighVacuum"totable not place the mortgage, individuals. to If apsomeone

but to burn it! pears listless, I speak to him until principle of cleaning has been

c. Originality. It is your greathe gets interested and looks up. brought to its highest point

est opportunity to display brightLet's have sympathy with audiof refinement. This super-

a string (notness, humor of alences; those persons given up have only asEureka not powered yarns), sprightliness,manac and their time, of an a often hour of cleaning sures superiornovelty in thought. It is the time valuable hour. not must We

to employ the elements of surprise, weary them with platitudes. Rerugs and floor coverings, but

suspense and contrast, to use the member, they are there in the also has many new and amazunexpected word, to capitalize the room, and can't get out. A lecing uses you never believed,

situation,unusual to manipulate imposes on such good turer who a vacuum cleaner could havethese with infinite combination and nature doesn't degood-will and polishing, sanitizing,variety. Illustrations and stories, serve a hearing. All of us have—floor

if well within the bounds of good sat under men who immediately moth control. Ask for a

taste, will sentiment add draand turned reading on the lamp, and demonstration—no obligamatic climax. discoursed manuscript, from in tion.

d. Brevity. type of speech This level, tones; unmusical and who

quick, clear,demands vigorous for intolerable read on and on Easy Terms—Small

is Itwork. the brilliant sally of lengths, the audience though was Carrying Chargewit and a to wisdom brought continually getting more and more

speedy, sure conclusion. I impatient weary. cannot and Light Co. Utah Power & Careful attention to such details understand state the of of mind its stores or any ofas these often save embarrassment. feel such a speaker. a defi- I must or

What is the purpose, if any, of the nite response. I should be just

dinner? as conscious of a feeling of boreEureka Vacuum Cleaner Co.

E. Broadway 177 Who as of of temperature. a change Who willare thebe there?speakers and on what dom Salt City Lake than I have one occasion On more topics?

What are the surrounding physical congone on to the platform ill and Phone Was. 4764

ditions; the hall, acoustics, etc? tired, spoken an hour, and left the

I long to expected speak? am How hall refreshed experience; the by

thoughts will What be helpful most the audience gave something me success thetoward affair? the of i fil because I -!* what Perhaps was it? / say can that will be original, What

interesting, genial, but not trivial, and feel this sympathy, I almost neveralways at the same time, appropriate? have the experience of inattentive The Utah High

The following phrases will listeners."School of Beauty

summarize the outstanding charCulture acteristics of afterdinner speeches: 331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake

that a profession Learn would make Informal but formless. not of Grasp a The Hand

rest of the for independent you Instructive constructive and but not is clasp literally hands The a physof two life. catalog. for Write yourdidactic.

ical contact of pieces of two human this Aggressive pugnacious. Mail but Coupon. not it lifeless secular Woefully be! can and flesh.We

Logical but not long or tedious. all know the flabby, the clinging, the nervous,

Point sting. the icy but not handgrasp. has somenot Yet who Name

rejoiced times a that in the grasp of hand joke. Jest but not

Brief but not briefless. conveys life and love? Two souls are here Address

a physical united contact by gives which Felicitous but not frivolous.

aspirations certainties. and to new new birthTwo provide board to and room are beings linked here to human hand of town. hand CityWe canstudents out and Definitely Commemorative in respect,- trust, mutual mutual mutual and

Motivated types have been held in encouragement. Richard C. Cabot.

242 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

Expatriation

[Confirmed from page 204] Cleaning & Dqeing Cc* difference between that vessel and first opportunity he spoke with the Marstal."the judge and told him of his deEvery article which leaves sire to marry Nell.

our shop is not only cleaned "I know your views, sir, on the and refreshed but also guar- J.ESSIE was not accussubject of her marrying, but I

tomed to sea travel, never having must frankly disagree with you. anteed free from objectionliner a been until aboard they emlife this girl should the of able Why odor of all cleaning mabarked Francisco, in San and conbe because her wrecked mother terials. sequently the experience the with trace a foreign happened to have of

gunboat was a novel one for her. blood in her veins? At most Nell

great pains took Hawley to show has but onesixteenth. could She Mail orders handled carefully her about, explain and the workskillful be examined by the most

and promptly ings of the vessel while Judge and as well as the most critical scientist

Mrs. Redfield were visiting with in the world and that trace could

their daughter. Naturally the discovered."possibly be lieunot

Salt SSmssSx tenant best his behavior, was on in reared Hawley, "Mr. I was Lake's Jessie and alone was with when the familiar south with and am Master Nell she refrain could not from evils the resulting mixing from Cleaners saying,

negro blood. white and have opand "Isn't a delightful Mr. Hawley it all life posed father did my as my I Dyers fellow? he cannot speak of And before me. firmly convinced I am

betraying you without it is in that he that principle, wrong and Call Hy. 65 really in love."is very much right, this then girl should if I am

Shortly thereafter, when Nell not marry, regardless of the small 444 East Second South St. and Dick were alone together, she amount of colored blood which

smiled when he said, "Say, Nell, she carries. I will say to you,

your young American friend cerhowever, that whereas in the betainly is a peach."ginning I did not question the correctness of my position, I have

been analyzing my own views reTiHESE comments made cently with the hope of discoverher thoughtful. Suppose Dick ing whether they are really

and Jessie should fall in love with sound."

Mountain each other. How would that help "And with what result, may I

it her easier situation? be Would sir?"ask, Bred

Jessie, see to or to Nate marry have is that Nell opinion own "My Heavy her? a After Dick marry long never marry, conshould and I would

Producers sideration of the matter, she debe pronounced in that opinion if

Electrically cided that after all it would be she still feels as she did at the time

Hatched better to allow things to proceed of leaving home, for you know along the course they were now of her refusal to marry the man to

Once a Customer Always One taking. As a lover she had bewhom she was engaged and whom

are State Chicks from Diamond reconciled to having come Nate very she unquestionably loved

Accredited Roosters Pedigreed consideration. eliminated her from those dearly. conunder Marriage Over. and Eggs 200 struggle out fought been had That a violation ditions be of would Barron and Tancred Tow left before she and and home, won violate principle, and people Foundation. who

Guaranteed to Live. Liberal she was determined to urge Jessie what they honestly believe to be

Replacement. to proceed with her plans for mar- a principle manifest a weakness

Complete Line of Poultryriage. An infatuation between which augurs poorly for future

Equipment. Dick and Jessie would help her happiness. If she could seriously

Our Profitable Book in Two in no way and would add to the contemplate marriage without feelsorrow had already which Nate Colors—Free. to violence ing that she is doing of Helpful Information. Lot A called been to endure. upon conscience, I should her make own Send For Today. Your Copy

A Small Deposit Will Secure Your She would, therefore, permit no determined effort to dissuade

Order. Special Discounts if Orders Dick to show her attention and her, but my opinion is that she

are Booked Before February 10th. would give him just enough encan never do it."

couragement to head off anything "I am almost a stranger to you

Ogden Poultry Farm like a love affair with her friend, and invite you to answer this quesand Hatchery in case he manifested any inclination frankly: Have you any perBox 928 Ogden, Utah tion to do such a thing. sonal objections to my winning

Not only was Dick willing to her if I can?"

devote himself to her, but at the "None, except those which have

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 243

already been stated. Personally the me. He thinks I am doing somerecommendations given you by thing heroic, and that alone has

Captain Evans are sufficient, but won his admiration."However,

miserably been have she would nELECTRIC that course of remember mustyou really she disappointed had given, been already heart hasher charother were there no thought is it betrayal no perhapsthough adattract Hawley's acteristics to COOKING that her tell to you confidenceof miration.

friend, Miss Dean, is practically engaged to the man whom Nell (To be continued) expected to marry."ENJOY

IT Have Faith frankDEAN'S J.ESSIE IN robbed her friendness with the FAITH is the basis of all action.

situation of much that otherwise No act would ever be attempted if YOUR not anticipatwas accomplishment the embarextremely been havewould is and every a gift from God ed. Faith before Itrassing. not long was to a HOME attribute this has being human

situathe discussing werethe two degree. lesser or greater

tion unreservedly. Nell learned In this brief article we will consider

that Nate's path in the beginning, Faith under three headings only.

where it ran parallel to Jessie's, 1. Faith in ourselves.

was far from smooth. However, 2. Faith in humanity.

in 3. God. Faith cause the toldafter she been had of the heard have has You in Someone Ourselves: Faith behad, she departure, Nell'sof results enviable cooking will but you said: "Doubt whom liking a realcause of and sympathy a obtained with all know yourself."never We should his of combeen glad for him, weaknesses, strength, our ourselves, our

pany and that feeling had gradour abilities, our talents. Our strength HOTPOiNT

ually ripened into a deeper one. we should use in overcoming our or

"Do you actually love him, weaknesses; our ability, to develop our WESTINGHOUSE Godgiven powers.Jessie?"

of the courage have We should "Yes, I do, very much. And our Automatic Electric right courage to do the convictions;

still I about so enthusiastic not am expected I always it as have to be scoffs.regardlessSuchof friendwas theor faithfoe, ofof thejibesboyor Range

when I should become engaged."Joseph Smith when he faced an unTo the housewife whose time

"Are you satisfied with Nate's believing world declaring that God is occupied with social duties in the form himself manifested had in the you?"towardconduct children—and—her likeness of man. and Electric pursuit of seen if never him I had "Well, health—in humanity: "The man Faith real assures more Cooking say I should you, to lovemake misfewer will trusts make men who she advantages kitchen than a great changed has yes. Nate distrusts them."he takes than A who

deal since you left, is much more suspicious, cynical disposition reacts has ever known before.

sober and mature, and has lost upon itself, dragging down instead of all of his former rollicking boybuilding up. Have an Electric Range

as ardent doubtless ishness. He is

permits nature as his present him "JudgeWas notthe thatcounselye Jesusbe notgave.judged, Today!

grudged, large or given to be."Measure

must same Just the you receive."$5 Down

Completely Faith in in God sufGod: Faith fortunperhaps was IT

inand practiced developed Installed about ficiently was that Dick ate for Nell oneself. faith in in faith and man that sures first In Your Home and few days the during

all Faith are possible. it things With attenin his assiduous so he was sustained that the power was in God

tions. While she made no prePresident Brigham Young when he led

tense of caring more for him than his people into an unknown land.

she really did, it was a pleasant diThe faith that gave the early pioneers their and leave to him. homes One talk courage with to version glad to have be will you We desert, to the travel wade to friends parthe took evening he beautiful store, or into phone our drop they that mountains climb and streams and harbor ride the a for ty on call to representative for our to the according worship might God story the told request Nell's at Dn you. faith the consciences; their dictates of naval the and hurricane the of will "I say, to go inspired that Nephi her. thrilled so heroes had which the hath the Lord things which do and %i Power Utah hero a see such ever I the that you for Lord "Did commanded, know

worshipper?"she asked as he was giveth no commandment unto the chilLight Co* taking them back to land. And dren of men, save he shall prepare a

afterwards when she and her parway for them that they may accomEfficient Pubtic Service ents were alone, she said, 'That plish the thing which he commandeth is the only thing he admires in rhem."B. of M I Nephi 3.

244 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

Now you can use Values[Continued from page 212]

SOLID COVERING daughter of such a father. She and the death of her most cherPAINTS was suddenly aware that if Bob ished desires.

did not want her when he knew

father, she did not desire him to bustled about, Maria Smutz, in BENNETTS of her humble home and of her A:.ND while Louise

want her at all. She was the the big, white house below,

daughter of these peasants; let him watched the passing time bitterly,

know her background for what it as no Willy put in his appearance.

was. When, in the afternoon, Mr. Ash-

1/tfer When her father came out in ley came up the walk to make his best suit of rusty black, his inquiries, as Louise's note to Bob

Insurance face pale, but composed, Louise had bidden them to ask for her held out her arms to him. at the "big, white house on Main

"Daddy, I shan't let you prove Street"(the girl feeling sure at

PRODUCTS ametraitorin mine.to yourWelove,willjustwelcometo help theshe wouldtime shebe pennedthere to thegreetnotethem)that

friends here, all."at or not taciturnity: she my to grim was—cover solidly in smaller she in her was adamant And lane the as as far up yuh "Go

quantity it with less brushing decision. the calmcame With cars the can then and with walk

SEE THE NEW COLOR CARDS ness and sense of peace that always on to the house yuh see on the attends a determination to do the hillside ahead,"she told them.

it be Louise lost all her courage whenBENNETT GLASS & PAINT right thing, even though

COMPANY hard. shewithsawtheBobothers,comingbut, uphidingthe pathher

trepidation, she forth to meet went 65 West First South St. Salt Lake City to Daddy, TiHANKS them. the house clean. was scrupulously

is perfect!"'This too Bob gathered Louise flowers to brighten

her, seizing greeted her joyhands the plain and brought out rooms 11*.—H-i-*-*u—>ii. ii——it*—<i—.)> I-—,j—-—ai c- the treasures of embroidered linen, ously. "Why, Mr. Alder!"

trimmed with handmade lace, to this as Louise presented her father—"you've transplanted a bit of further adorn the chalet.,The

right into Switzerland Utah's view west from the windows was fell into a Dixie!"hearty And he after entrancing, her absence. Colorful red sandstone hills stretched discussion of that country, delighting Alder's homesick Mr. distance, their in the bright away father well, talked soul. Her to hues fading rose that blended

with the soft, pale blue of more Louiseneglect rejoiced.education. The Swiss didn't

distant peaks. Miss Drake, the

You Cannot Afford artwouldteacherhave whoscantwastimewithto noticethem,.FROM the snatches of

to be Without a the poor little house with such conversation she could hear as she beauty to ponder over. moved to and from the "house

"Caterpillar"TracLouise decided to set the dinner when at last they were all seated tor During 1931! table out under the figtrees by at table and she was bringing out

the rockery. She could prepare the cooked food, Louise gathered

profit by lowering Make your strawberries operation costs and increasing production. a chicken, honey,—aand cream,simplevegetables,meal, thatas wellbothas BobMiss andDrake,Mr.hadAshley,been

but in keeping with the surroundto Switzerland and greatly ad- "Caterpillar"The Tractor is the ings. The table, with its emmired the country and its people. sure only this. way of doing

did enjoy her sup- a have We garden, the the size "for you at a jj flowers,broidered,wouldlacetrimmedbe attractive,cloth evenand per!HowThetheyview, price can you pay.

! though simple. And set out unquaint charm of the house, the

the blue, blue sky cloth, with the embroidered the Landes Tractor food—were & dersoft, air of lend to perfumed sincerely so all admired that the May Equipment Company girl almost thought she be was dreaming. must enchantment—Louise Dealers

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH happyhaps it inwouldher preparations.all seem very shabPer- Andof thissheveryhad"differentness"worried so becausewhichBranches Tremonton, at least all she but Bob, by to praised was they enthusiastically. so

and loyal to could, Preston, Utah—MaladIdaho being relief and Daddy greater than she was The

rcKMRg somehow,even if theybearprovedthe toconsequences,be the loss coulddazed; bear,but herit seemed,heart swelledand leftwithher

of Bob's interest and admiration, gratitude.

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 245

Sanity Test of A later, she LITTLE ability to remain both others chattingand Bob leftAthe in The the back garden and walked to the sober and gracious under high reis a great responsibilityfront yard. ward or The moon had risen Its TZL&V- Has in that greatly admire her weand poured over quality enchantment

a others. retain simple and Rewards valleydreaming melting To peaks. and *W** Ifyou interested are after open doing something mind reached for Louise's Bob hand develop ability the to speak—to

is that in of public everyday or in to acknowledged be close her side. hisand drew to

forge twice ahead rarest the merit of is one accompthis fast "I hope effectivelyconversation—toas last as be won't are doing, you read now my

to With How Work Words Wonders for It sanity. lishments ofvisit makes this to spot,"charming he free. sent now

booldet, recently pleasantness pubnew in measure. abundantsaid, m This last I the "nor time have lished, that points thouroad the

it this; Indeed does more than followed sands increasea chance to eat to have the things you

quickly earning their power and living possible, the paves it makeshave cooked. I again, come popularity. May

It explains **$** you a by will, to success, begets good way this summer?"alsoeasy new, bemethod,can, howstudy homesometime—early outstanding fright; come an speaker conquer and uncharitablehatred and Louise looked fear. up lat this will to stageprove and read booklet ba To

evening wellspent. timidityon it short, substance is thesmile: Simply this free valuable address send and and name him to conquresness,—in

will booklet once. at obligation, besent No comity, the evidence of of grace,

—again.""I hope you will want to come isandsane.the proof of a large mind that 3601 MichiganNORTH AMERICANAve., Dept. 4182INSTITUTEChicago, 111.

/t Sure Bears Down on the tenan Piston Head The greater mileage, the greater power and the greater speed motorists get from each gallon of PARCO GASOLINE is due to the tremendous POWER PUSH it applies to the piston head. Winter Test

Parco is so clean cut and expertly treated that it not only starts quickly—but it

develops summer time power, speed and mileage in coldest weather.

* The volatility of Parco Gasoline is regulated to conform with varying seasonal temperatures. Winter Test Parco is

especially refined for quick cold weather starting and very best winter driving results.

AT INDEPENDENT GAS AND OIL COMPANY'S STATIONS AND DEALERS 246 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

Foods for Health

Foods for Happiness

[Continued from page 197]

but the more hospitable way is to they give a "completed"look to serve at the table. The service the table but unless there is a waitWrite for the Sego Milk can easily be planned so that a ress they complicate the sewing.

Cook Book. In it you'll get hostess can serve without leaving The silver is laid in the order

many valuable suggestions on her chair at the head of the table. in which it is to be used, working

is an attractive from the outside in toward the the preparation of rich, nour- A ring mould way of preparing food for inforplate, knives and spoons at the ishing foods made with Sego mal serving. Either warm or cold right, and forks at the left. All

Milk. Sego Milk Products food may be moulded. The center knives are placed with cutting edge

Co., Kearns Bldg., Salt Lake of the ring makes a separate place in; spoons and forks with the

City. for salads, sauces or creamed foods bowls and tines up. The butter

and if the mould is placed on a spreader is placed across the top

Ask for Sego Milk by name large platter or chop plate, the of the bread and butter plate which

At Your Grocer's edge of the plate on the outside of is at the left at the tip of the meat the ring mould may be utilized fork. Bread and butter plates are

Listen to William for small chops, potato chips or not used at a formal luncheon,

Hardiman, Utah's lettuce. In this way the entire but at an informal meal where popular violin

and is virtuoso served, bread the placed in front hot be course or where may e r, main Frank A s p salad plate they serving. the luncheon hostess for of the is on conwell-known

cert organist, Saturday vnin&s The Luncheon Table are necessary as receptacles for jelly at 9:15. KSL and or other relishes, as well as for the

KLO. bread and butter.

HPHE table should be arranged The napkin is placed at the left * early before the rush of the and the water glass at the right:ooking begins. Doilies or runners at the tip of the knife blade. Just

may be used or almost any kind before the guests are seated the cover, a table except an elabwater glasses should about be filled cloth. A Limited Number oforate dinner the threefourths of an inch from

of The centerpiece should be simtop. If punch or fruit juices are

ple but effective. Special holidays served they are poured into a

and unusual events suggest differsmaller glass which is placed at the

Sunday Night entthe ordinarykinds ofoccasion,decorationsa bowlbutwithfor rightnearerofthetheedgewaterof glassthe table.and a trifle

seasonable of a low arrangement,or table smajll wagon A tea as is as lovely flowers anything placed the hostess right at the of that can be had.

Luncheoni Talks being a midday issilver,a greatextraconveniencebutter, aasbowlthe servingof ice a used, but are not candles meal, things and other which would Radio By birds colored now brightly pair of clutter all be table the dining can series Fifty one of Bring the tall dishes of pair in or a vogue hostess. reach placed of the within the delivered during addresses jellies or containing (comptiers)

past year by candies add color and give balance affairs Place correctly table. can be to the jnd symmetry COCIALI James E. Talmage either simsince being * given without they cards may be used over X. S. L. plify the seating of the guests. tentious or costly. If flowers preare

Attractively and China no longer has to match too expensive or cannot be had

Substantially Bound in kind or color-—nearly anything green shrubbery, with the help of

it is pretty "frogs,"can be artistically flower be used providing reference book may Excellent An is later course arranged. which If the main and colorful. A cake interesting mighty and

reading. is to be served on one plate the served as dessert, when decorated

dinnersize plate should be used, with colored icing or candies, is

Price $1.00 as food is not appetizing when lovely as a center piece. A bowl of

too much is crowded together. polished fruits is nice. On St. Deseret Book At each individual place or Valentine's day we all indulge in

hearts a bit of sentiment should there and paper at the table, decsilver, as a are indispensable almost of amount Company be"cover"the required

Salt Lake City, Utah a water glass and a napkin. oration. Red, white and blue

Service plates may be used, and streamers, and small flags can be

The Improvement Era for February, 1931 247

used for Washington's birthday and last year the city shops displayed unique log cabins for Lincoln's birthday.

Do not borrow china and linen or table appointments fromfriends. If you are limited keep Gelatinyour parties small, use what you That Sets in H#//ithe Time!

have and make no apologies. It

is usually a hostess that presumed is giving the guests best the she ROYALsets perfectlyQUICK SETTINGin about halfGELATINthe timeDESSERTusually has to offer and her ease and inrequired for gelatin desserts. Smooth, and

formality help to assure a happy delicately tender in texture, this quicksetting gelatinand successful affair.

adds zest to every menu. Six delicious flavors to

choose from: Raspberry, Strawberry, Cherry, Lemon,

Supper Parties Orange and Lime!

A SUPPER party in the home is bound to be an enjoyable if affair to everybody is allowed take a in preparing and servhand Royal Quick Setting Gelatin ing the food. If a large number

of guests are to be entertained the at all leading grocers JLxiiOlilA. JL

buffet form of serving mav be to. resorted

vice for the Thishostess—theis an easyplates,ser- I

silver and napkins are placed on the sideboard, the food is spread on all table the dining where may Property Needs the Protection themselveshelp wish. they to what

Although hot dishes may be Offered by FirstClass salads served, cold meats, and INSURANCE sandwiches the usual menu. form

If the guests are few and congenial they may gather round the Years of experience have equipped our specialists to render dining table where all the "fixprompt, accurate insurance service.

ings"are placed and take a hand in mixing the salads and making UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

the sandwiches. One charming HEBER J. GRANT & CO, General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

hostess offers her supper guests hot baked apples with cream and cin- o-*n")-fc.

namon toast. Electric toasters are

the the table, placed on butter, Al Western. Chocolate are blended sugar and cinnamon

together and each guest spreads his Epr Western Schools own toast as it comes hot from the grill. Most school cafeterias in the West serve hot

Waffle suppers. There is nothchocolate, made with Ghirardelli's Ground

ing in the home that will give Chocolate. Managers and principals know

more pleasure to young people that that means clearer heads in the afternoon suppers Waffle a waffle iron. than periods, and a better health average during

affairs, as are considered "keen"they afford an opportunity for trying months. Atin of Ghirardelli'sGround

everybody to experiment with opChocolate in the cafeteria is a pretty good erating the iron and mixing and recommendation for the management of the cooking furnishes the fun. school. FREE"Sweet.....WriteSixteen"for

Correspondence from principals, parents, teach- D.RecipeGhirardeliiCo.,Packet No. 2,

Luncheon Menus ers, and cafeteria managers is invited. D. Ghirar914San NorthFrancisco,PointCalif*St.,

Fried chicken Parsley potato balls delli Co., 9 14 North Point St., San Francisco.

Grapefruit and Calavo salad Popovers Jelly Hot chocolate GHIRARDEUI'S Rice ring Creamed chicken CHOCOLATE Jellied pineapple and cucumber salad m Say "Gearar-delly"

Muffins Relishes }* Individual pies 248 The Improvement Era for February, 1931

Sweet potato ring Creamed sweetbreads butter and anchovy paste. Place thin

Cauliflower with Hollandaise Sauce slice of tomato on top, sprinkle with

Sherbet Sponge cake grated American cheese, put under broiler until cheese is melted. Serve hot and

Ring of jellied veal Hot buttered peas garnish with sprigs of parsley. In place K&WANEE: Fruit salad Hot rolls of grated cheese on tomato, mayonnaise

Cup custard Cake sprinkled with caviar may be served.

Kewanee Steel Firebox Tongue Relish. Butter a slice of

slice it a thin Boilers NoodleAsparagusRing withsalad ShrimpTeaand biscuitsEgg sauce bread,of coldcutboiledround,smokedput ontongue, a layer

Fruitjello Cake of tomato jelly, a spoonful of mayonare Universally Adopted for naise and a slice of pimola.

souffle clam chips L. D. Potato S. Chapels and all Other Minced Club Sandwich. slices of 2 Toast

rolls salad Vegetable Hot a bread delicate 1 brown. slice put On Representative Buildings Chocolate Angel Food Cake leaf lettuce, of covering with mayonnaise,

then white meat of chicken or turkey, of pieces Waffle Supper and 2 of crisp bacon. Put mayonnaise on this and cover with other piece

Ke.wame Boiler Corporation Fruitcup of toast. Serve while hot.

Waffles Syrup—Honey Hot CheeseTomato Sandwich. Slice

Apple rings cut crust and sandwich bread. from Cover HAWLEYRICHARDSON- Baked sausage

slice each with cheese American II J4 WILLIAMS CO. Grapefruit salad thick. Place slice of tomato 1 inch thickinch

cheese, on top of then lay slices of bacon District Representatives Waffles sprinkle on top and Syrup—Honeyeggs criscross with papBacon and scrambled

rika. Place on dripping pans and when

204 Dooly Bldg. Canapes and Sandwiches ready to serve put in hot oven and cook

slowly until bacon is brown.

Salt Lake City Anchovy Canape. Take slices of bread,

butter and toast on one side and cut Chive Sandwiches. Cream 1/8 lb.

in round shapes. Spread them with butter, add as much lemon juice as the

equal parts of anchovy paste and butter butter will absorb, season well with white well mixed; then grated onion to suit, pepper, and chives chopped fine and spread

taste; some finely shredded lettuce and a on rounds of rye bread.

slice of tomato. Cover tomato with

SOMETHING TO | mayonnaiseCanape. andLongdashthinof paprika.pieces of toast Sandwich Fillings

slices and of tomato thin with covered ABOUT! THINK Figs. figs little paste from line anchovy of a fine, add Chop spread with IMPROVING OR & WHEN

water and cook boiler?! until in double tube. BUIUDING

<N Steel Sonic Spepaste is formed. add few drops Then crackers thin Spread Crackers. Caviar cialties), ParsonsSash—(Steel Puraire Com- / finely of lemon juice. Cool, with mix caviar, butter, then with Unit, toast with Rolsereens or plete Kitchen W

chopped nuts spread. and Pella, little of Seal Flexo Metal Reese a juice f and of lemon a drops few

Strips Weather egg. finely minced Cheese. Bluehill pimento, with mixed Comfortable Be FUEL SAVE & sarnuts dressing. and and mayonnaise bone Skin Canapes. Sardine J Unit Door Rylock—the with moisten a paste, Lock, to Ruhher dines, mash ImprovedTile—Sinks—Floors cheese Neufchatel mixed with chopped Concrete, Proofing: Water and salt, season with dressing and j mayonnaise pecans olives. or ripe It will to Hardeners. you pay sauce. Worcestershire and paprika free call for write or now jj

pecans Chopped and half pimento, prices particulars and and \ fresh white slices of thin Spread on half, mixed with mayonnaise. roll. jelly Toast as a Roll bread. up Inc. Co., Brewer R. E. &

hot. serve and brown a delicate Eggs.\S fine, eggs. Hardboiled BuildingSpecialties? Mish

? 135 So. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah Tomato and Anchovy Appetizer. add sardines or anchovy paste?nd little

Sjpread rounds of toasted bread with dressing.

Roasf Lamb. Put through meat grinder, moisten with mint sauce.

Index to Advertisers Company Page Company Page Clam Souffle

Beneficial Life Ins. Co -Back Cover Regal Cleaning &S Dyeing 242 1 can minced clams

Bennett Glass 8 Paint Co 244 R. E. Brewer Co 248 1 cup milk

Coyne Electric School 23 7 Royal Gelatin 247 3 eggs

Deseret Book Company 246 Salter, Earl J 236 1 tablespoon butter

Deseret News Press, 240 Salt Lake Knitting Store 236 5 square soda crackers

Eureka Vacuum Cleaner Co 241 Salt Lake Cabinet 8 Fixture 238 salt

Ghirardelli Ground Chocolate 247 Sego Milk Co 246 pepper

Henager's Business College 236 Speakers Library, The 238 dash cayenne

Independent Gas & Oil 245 Taylor, Jos. Wm 238

Boiler Kewanee Corp 248 crackers in Soak milk. clams Put Utah Coke Co Gas &

Ketterer 8 Perschon 23 8 juice with in Inside boiler, double Front and when Coverm Tractor Landes & Equipment Co, -244 fire, heated remove from in beaten and stir of School CulBeauty High Utah

North American Institute 245 ture 24 yolks of eggs. Add milk with crackers,

&> Poultry Ogden 2 Hatchery 24 Farm butter and well together Fire Insurance Utah 247 Home seasoning—mix

School of Quish Beauty Culture 240 fold and in whites. egg Turn Co. Utah Power 243 8 Light Division, Radio Electrical Coyne into baking dish in of pan dish—placebeaten School I 9 23 Inside Z. C. M. Back Cover hot water and bake in slow oven about

50 minutes.

>>ll Ifc lil l "I *t***. 1*1.**

Better Still! Famous Overall MadeA

Now that Mountaineer Overalls Are Equipped with fo&> POCKETS J0ft The new, exclusive, patented feature that has roused the enthusiasm of workmen everywhere.

They save your time, your tools, your valuables and your temper.

They Cost No More!

Our large scale production and enormous buying power enables us to give you this superior

Overall at a low price.

Ask your dealer to show you the new Mountaineer Overalls with Stoploss Pockets. Note

the quality of material, the workmanship, and the many details of cut and construction that mean more wear, more comfort and more satisfaction to every user.

STOPLOSS

SIDE POCKET

STOP RULELOSS MADE BY

POCKET Clothing Z- C M- L Factory SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH - =*!* *m f m* pi wm mm <um *

Their life has joyously begun—

Two happy hearts that beat as one.

They plan now in their ecstacy

For all the distant days to be.

find happiness and contentment if your home is properly protected You too—will

One of the very first items to be placed on the Progressive Family's Budget is

LIFE INSURANCE REMEMBER—You pay no more for the best and receive many added features

such as

When You Insure With %e BIO HOME COMPANY

FULL DETAILS, WITHOUT OBLIGATION, FROM ANY REPRESENTATIVE OF

Is your fs your X f BENEHCIAl UIE INSURANCE i nFRrFJDcNfriLlAL #

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH / E. T. RALPHS, Gen.CO.Mgr.*W* *T HEBER J. GRANT, President

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY