OSCAR A. KIRKHAM

OCTOBER 1956 At last! ff Blue JeansWash Bower"with"Cashmere Gentleness"- only NEW White King D has it I

New White King D may not look different—

but it is different. The secret hes in those very

special little granules of sudsy power—White King's

own formula to lighten your washdays. Only White

King D has the goget-'em that gets at the dirt in jeans

PLUS the gentle thoroughness that washes to perfection your nicest things. And only from White King would

you expect a detergent as remarkable as White King D.

So try it soon, won't you?—you'll be happy you did.

WHITE Here's exciting For not only grimy jeans but caslimeres, too! KING proof that Yes.. -twenty times, 20 tiTnes this

New D is $37.50new WhitecashmereKing wasD (thewashedsame in

washday product that gets your

Tiwenty Times $1.98 jeans so clean and bright)

Not a hit of color lost! And

Wonderful! the feelas lusciously soft as

the day you said "I'll take it"!

lA\fi Hlif

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

ARCHAEOLOGICAL investigations have been made and are continuing at

Bethel, twelve miles north of Jerusalem.

Second only to Jerusalem in being referred to sixtyfive times in the Old

Testament, its pottery dates back to 2200 B.C. It was almost continuously

inhabited for three thousand years ending in the Arabic period. The city was

destroyed twice by fire during the period of the judges, one of which is probably referred to in Judges, chapter one. One

of the interesting finds is a coin of

Pontius Pilate from the probable date of the crucifixion, according to Professor

James L. Kelso.

THE ELEPHANT has ninety "nerve centers"or points where pressure by the ankus, with or goad an with mahout directs hook, congreat flavo sharp spike and and trols the elephant. great texture

THE MOST rapid increase in population of any of the world's major areas was Great SCOTT made by the twenty LatinAmerican countries, which increased from 43 million to about 172 million from 1900 to why didnH someone think of them before! 1956.

'THE SENSE organs of insects differ in s:>.

-*- many ways from man's. Bees, ants,

and wasps can taste with their antennae and legs as well as with their mouths. You'll be glad Purity did

The "nose"of the male honeybee is think of them—and

made of about 30,000 tiny rounded found the secret of bakplates on the antennae. The worker ing them better than

has about 6,000 cells which are sensiGrandma ever imagined.

.. tive to odors. Professor Karl von PECAN SANDIES.

Frisch tested 34 sugars. He found that light golden cookies with

30 are sweet to man but only 9 appear a tempting sandy texture so to bees, and some substances which that mei-l-t in your are bitter to man are tasteless to bees. mouth. And nubby with

Flavor? pecans. chopped Bees see ultraviolet and ants can which

... rich and Oh, boy is invisible to the can't eye but human

see red at all. The grasshopper has its buttery and sugary and

organ of hearing at the base of the pecanish—practically

abdomen, but katydids, crickets, and irresistible termites hear through the front legs.

Tn EARLY times in ancient Egypt women, -'and sometimes men, cut or punctured designs on certain parts of their body to PECAN SANDIES spirit evil protect against attacks. them

officials times loyalIn later had the "v PURITY name of the reigning king tattooed on PUmiY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello their shoulders or breasts.

OCTOBER 1956 689 Oil and Water in the Middle East: The

Suez Canal

hy Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

personalities Bagdad, who closed the route, fearing ANEW POWER and new have arisen in the Middle East. On exposure to the Byzantine navies of the

July 26, 1956, the ruler of modern Eastern Roman Empire. NotwithEgypt, Gamal Abdel Nasser, not yet standing, as late as 1861 a portion of

forty years of age, seized the Suez Canal the old canal, from Babastis on the Nile, for his ancient country. Immediately remained. The French used it in buildcrisis signals flashed around the world. ing a new fresh water canal from Cairo

British troops set sail. A twentyfour- to the new, modern Suez project in

nation conference was called to protest 18611863.

and to attempt "internationalization"The dream of a seagoing canal conof the famed waterway. The backnecting the Indian Ocean with the

Confidence groundplatformof tothesevieweventssomeprovidesnew develop-a useful Mediterraneandates at least tobythemeanseighthof centurythe isthmusA.D.

ments in the world. Nasser's ambition and Harun alRashid. Vasco da Gama

is to organize the ArabIslamic world, rounded the Cape of Good Hope and with Egypt as its geographic and politiopened the AtlanticIndian ocean routes cal pivot, as a new and vital force in to Asia in 1497. The Venetians, first

world affairs. The posisea power of the Meditertion of Egypt astride the ranean in the sixteenth

Suez Canal not only gives century, then entertained future meaning to world the dream. Napoleon, in

shipping, strategy, and '1798, directed a survey of "* the decline of British and ""a route. In France a

French interests in Asia, Societe d'Etudes pour le but also if, in the next Canal de Suez was orgeneration, Nasser or his ganized in 1846. Its basis

successors can divert some was the dream of the of the oil of Arabia and followers of SaintSimon, the Persian Gulf refineries to an Egypthe "positivist,"who in 1830 dreamed tian industrial economy, the world will of regenerating the entire world. Canals

have witnessed another profound and through Panama and Suez were part of

When you insure with revolutionary change. At present that the Simonian program. The French

oil, which lubricates the machines and society conducted surveys in 184647.

economies of Western Europe, flows In 1854 Ferdinand de Lesseps came to nonEgyptian forward and organized the Compagnie MUTUAL OF through the Suez Canal ports. Universelle du Canal Maritime de Suez.

Is Nasser justified? Is Egypt's position It was November 30, 1854. Egypt was ENUMCLAW well taken? What should the British part of the Turkish empire, but under

It's a good feeling to know that you do? What is America's position? Rusits own viceroy. Said Pasha (for whom

are insured with a company that hos sia's? India's? Port Said was later named) granted

Some light may be shed on contem- a concession to de Lesseps, revised in built its reputation with fair and honest porary developments by viewing the 1856. The company was granted all

dealing and with prompt claims settlebackground. rights to construct and operate the canal

It has been possible to go by water for 99 years, after which it would revert ments. Since 1 898, Mutual of Enumclaw from the Mediterranean to the Red Sea to Egypt. Nasser's act of nationalizahas been building this kind of confidence and the Indian Ocean, it is thought, tion came 100 years later. However,

among its thousands of Northwest Polsince about 1380 B.C. Travel has not the canal was not opened until Novembeen by means of a canal across the ber 1869, and the 99year concession

icyholders. Your agent is listed in the Isthmus of Suez, but by entry up the ran from 1869 to 1968.

yellow pages of the phone book. Nile; thence by fresh water canal to the It is curious that the British tried to

Bitter Lakes (through which the isthdelay and obstruct the French projec-.

mian canal now runs) and out to the Palmerston, the British foreign minister,

No Membership or Joining Fees Red Sea. An inscription on a temple said the canal was a physical impossiat Karnak indicates that there was such bility, that it would injure British mari-

a canal in 1380 B.C., rebuilt on larger time supremacy and was a French device

MUTUAL OF enlargedlines by Pharaohby PtolemyNechoPhiladelphusin 609 B.C.,in to Stockinterfereof thein thenewEast.company went on

ENUMCLAW 285 B.C. and finally closed about 770 sale in 1858 and the shares were quickINSURANCE A.D. ly subscribed: 200,000 in France, 96,000

Closure of this unique waterway was by the Turkish sultan, some 86,000 by

FIRE, AUTO and COMPREHENSIVE..SINCE 1898 an earlier effort of the Arab world to the viceroy of Egypt, with the remainder

Home Office: Enumclaw, Washington organize and maintain itself against scattered. British, Austrian, German,

Branch Office: 909 S. State, Salt Lake City the West. It was Mansur, founder of {Continued on page 742)

690 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bookcraft Salutes the Relief Society.

upon the completion of their new building...

... ff tribute to their

industry and devotion!

1. MOTHERHOOD, A PARTNERSHIP WITH GOD!

Compiled by Harold Lundstrom

Here, perhaps is one of the most timely books to come off the presses in recent years. This authoritotive volume contains

excerpts from addresses by Generol Authorities and from editorials of the Relief Society Magazine and The Children's

Friend. It answers concisely and effectively many of the

questions in the minds of today's mothers and wives of Zion concerning chastity, how to dress to conform to LDS standards, courtship and marriage, wifehood, responsibilities of motherhood and many other pertinent topics. Delightfully

inspiring, it demands reading by every wife and mother.

$3.50

2. TELL ME A STORY

3. DOCTRINES OF SALVATION, Vol. Ml

Compiled by Feme Gardner Hunter Sermons and Writings of Joseph Fielding Smith

Compiled by Bruce R. McConkie

Here is a new book of 50 tremendously fascinating This "Best Selling Series"of books is noteworthy for its short stories ideally suited easy readability. Vol. Ill contains 18 chapters explainfor boys and girls 6 to 14 ing fascinating and little understood principles of the

years of age. The best from gospel. Covers such topics as signs and prophecies

The Children's Friend. preceding the Second Coming of Christ, conditions

Crossreferenced by subject during the Millennium, and dozens of other doctrinal to aid teachers and parents, explanations. A must for every LDS library. Add all

each story contains a moral 3 volumes to your library. $3.25 each

and conforms to LDS standards and philosophy. Illustrated. A sequel to the

perennial best seller—"A BOOKCRAFT Oct. 1956 j

Story to Tell."$3.00 1186 South M ain, Solt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following c ircled books:

1 2 3

for which 1 enclose check ( ) or money (arder ( ). 1

Name BOOKCRAFIPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE Address

1186 SOUTH MAIN IN 7-7911 J. City State

OCTOBER 1956 691 \JtHciai \Jraan ot THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF IlilliTflgiL EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, "The Voice of the Church WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER

AGENCIES OF

ke Lkurck or

/7e6u5 Lkrlit

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT

Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

Editor: Manuscript ALLIE HOWE

- F. Editors: DURHAM BENNETT ARCHIBALD G. HOMER- - NIBLEY R. HUGH HUNTER HARRIS, MILTON FRANKLINContributing

- - B. SPERRY B. SIDNEY LEE CLAUDEJR. A. PALMERS. - PETERSEN S. REEDER Manager: General R. BERTHA Manager: CURTIS ELBERT

F. Business Manager: SCOTT ke Lcouef VERLAssociate

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

Regional Advertising Representative: THAYER EVANS

President Cscar A. Kirkham is our cover

subject this month. The likeness is from

a natural color transparency by Hal

Rumel Studios. President Kirkham has

The Editor's Page been a member of the First Council of the Seventy since October 1941.

The Tenth Part President David O. McKay 701

Church Features

Your Question: Little Children in the Celestial Kingdom

President Joseph Fielding Smith 702 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

Oscar A. Kirkham Bryant S. Hinckley 704 50 North Main Street

St. Offices. 50 Y.M.M.I.A. North Main Milieu in the Old Testament There Were Jaredites—Epic

Offices, 40 St. North Y.W.M.I.A. Main 710 Nibley Hugh

16, Salt Lake City Utah 714 K. E. Trejo Meliton Gonzalez Duke

Inc., 1956 Funds, and Mutual Copyright by the Jesus The Birthplace of the Son of God—MIA Reading Course: the by published AssoMutual Improvement 720 Green Doyle L. Christ—IV of the ciations of of Jesus Christ LatChurch

The Church Moves On 694 Presiding Bishopric's Page 754 terdayscription Saints.price, $2.50All rightsa year,reserved.in advanceSubMelchizedek Priesthood 752 foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance;

2oc single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City.

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

Special Features mailingfor in sectionat special1103. rateAct ofof Octoberpostage 1917,providedaufor responsible not 709 Era is The Improvement Angels to the Near How thorized July 2, 1918. conbut welcomes manuscripts, Long Term Financing Is Costly....R. Veldon Naylor Buying a Home? acare paid 713 unsolicitedtributions. for on Manuscripts

719 rate of Carfi ceptance at the and must Matranga l%c a word Frances SelfConfidence Developing for sufficient postage by accompanied be 723 Yourself Honest With Be return. delivery and

- E. 724 Starving? J. Ritter Teenagers Are

of Address Chancre Stevens 725 - Hazel Nutritionist Answers A of required notice for change Thayne Most Beautiful The Way of Remembering.Mirla Greenwood please in- a change, ordering 726 Thirtyaddress. days'When

The Spoken Word from Temple Square clude address slip from a recent issue of

Richard L. Evans 732, 740, 746, 764 themademagazine.unless the oldAddressaddresschangesas well ascannotthe newbe

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Middle East: The Suez Canal, one is included.

Harris, Jr. 689 G. Homer Durham 690

These Times, Oil and Water in the Your Page & Ours 768

Today's Family—Allie Howe, Editor

Happy Landings, Loa C. Young....756 A simple Mechanical Plan to National Advertising Representatives

Romance of the Rose, Jewell Store Food, Keith M. Walker..762

TOWNSEND COMPANY Casey 760 Handy Hints 765 EDWARD S.

110 Sutter St.

San Francisco, California COMPANY S. TOWNSEND ies, Poetry EDWARD672 Lafayette Park Place

Los Angeles 57, California ASSOCIATES SANGSTON SADLER AND E. Leone Present McCune 716 Birthday Ave. Madison

728 Robinson Clapp Dorothy Y. 17, Dancing Hearts N. York New342

& SONS DAVIS Barker..734 Green Hills, Mary Lucretia Frontispiece, Autumn Blessing,

St. N. LaSalle..744 30 Lance Delaney 699 Return in Autumn, Marie Daerr Illinois Chicago,

Poetry Page 700 Cycle, Ruth Bassett 751

My Sonnet Prayer, Rae Cross 727 Reply, Elaine V. Emans 753 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA COLORADO v

The VistaDome Royal Gorge makes a tenminute stop in America's most famous travel wonder, the Royal Gorge of the

Arkansas River, to permit passengers ample time for enjoyment and photography of this marvel of nature.

The "Scenery Unlimited"provided on Rio Grande's

VistaDome SeeWay through Utah and Colorado is not equaled anywhere in the world. Make your next trip a pleasure trip ". \ "*

... travel Rio Grande, The Scenic Line of The World.

Family Fare Plan RailAuto Plan

Rail Travel Credit Plan # Stopover privileges at all points

For information, confacf Rio Grande's Travel Center, Ground Floor Corner, Hotel Utah, Salt lake City, Utah

The VistaDome CALIFORNIA ZEPHYR Daily San FranciscoSalt

Lake CityDenver-OmahaChicago vio WP-D & R G W-C B & Q (Thru San FrcinciscoNew York Pullman)

The PROSPECTOR Overnight, every night Salt Lake CityDenver.

The VistaDome Daily Salt Lake CityGrand ROYAL GORGE

JunctionSprings- SpringsDenver. Birthplace of the VistaDome SalidaPueblo-Colorado Glenwood

The VistaDome COLORADO EAGLE Daily St. LouisKansas CityDENVER & RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD

WichitaPueblo-Coiorado SpringsDenver vio M P-D & R G W. H. F. ENO, Pass. Traffic Mgr., Rio Grande BIdg., Denver, Colo.

OCTOBER 1956 693 The Church moves on A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

Mmt 1956 ly EldersecondStanleycounselorC. Kimball,in theSr.,EastformerLos firstdiamondtime Softballin theparkChurch'sin Salt newLake fourCity.

Angeles (California) Stake presidency, evening At appropriate in Sunday Scores allChurch the annual O O a: first sustained counselor, succeedwas 5 exercises in Softball most wards and tournament: Francis ing Elder Elder Brown. Raybranches of the the Church, Consolation: Primary Senior Sixth St. George

Sr., was sustained T. Edmunds, Joseph

1;commemorated Fifth 13, 7, Delta Second San Diego the seventyeighth anas second counselor, succeeding Elder

niversary of its founding. Fortyfifth 4, 10; City Sugar Ogden Kimball. President Fauntleroy Hun-

8, 2; Plain City Fourth 4; Myton Ogden

is saker of president East Los fifAngeles first of the performance The Q Pocatello 10, 8; Calgary Third Logan Stake. teenth of presentation annual

Salt Richfield 4, 2; Seventeenth Second

L. Elder of Stapley Delbert the for"America's Christ,"CounHill Witness the

10, Park Twentyninth Lake City Hyde cil of the the dedicated chapel Twelve pageant, cut shortCumorah was be- 2, Bountiful Second 6; Valley View in Henderson, of rain. Lake Nevada,cause Mead

1. Tenth Stake.

1 A "America's Witness for Christ,"This was a "Bring a Friend Day"at Junior Consolation: East Garland 7,

the religious pageant was presented the Sunday Schools throughout the Richfield Fourth 2; Washington 4, Chesat the Hill Cumorah, New York. Church, the second such Sunday of ter 3 (ten innings); McKay 10, Holla18, Castle Fifth Third 6; Grant day for this three year. planned 1 1 President set David O. McKay 18, 7; LaPoint 4; Second Gate Menan

-*- -* apart Elders Morgan Hyde White Taylorsville 4, Twentyseventh Ogden the of this This beginning was Oand as Henry Harold counselors Jackson 12, LibertySharon 3; Second Walnut -1-'- year's softball tournaall-Churchto President L. of Benjamin Bowring 6. 12, 7; Grovcland Creek Weston are ment. unless from Teams Utahthe Los Angeles Previously, Temple. 6, Senior Tenth Mesa Championship: noted. otherwise Scores were:President served Bowring without coun- 1, Boise 3; Pleasant Antonio Green San division: (CaliJunior San Diegoselors.

5, 2; Provo Merced 0; Palmdale Seventh

16, fornia) Fifth 1; East Garland EuAppreciative throngs witnessed the gene (Oregon) 8, McKay 4; Valley Thirteenth 4, Grant Fourth 3; Orchard

final performance of this year's presenView (California) 16, Menan (Idaho) 12, Richland 4; Terrace First 3, Pocatation of "America's Witness for Christ,"Second 2; Sutherland 7, LaPoint 2; tello Twentieth 2; Butler 2, Inglewood

On the Hill Cumorah. Studio City (California) 10, Liberty- 1; Wilson 15, Kanosh 1.

Sharon (Idaho) 2; Stirling (Alberta) Junior Championship: Malad Third

6, 2; Vineyard 3, SnowThird 1 end O This week saw the resumption Nampa (California) Creek 3; Clear10, Walnut

-*- First 14, flake South of the stake Second 1; Cannon conference schedule field 1; Castle Second 6, Washington

throughout the Church. Dale 7, Nampa (Idaho) Third 8; VineGate Third 6; Clearfield Second 14, Salt

Elder Thorpe B. Isaacson of the Preyard 5, Ogden Twentyseventh 3; Lake City Fifteenth 3; Salt Lake City

siding Bishopric dedicated the Monroe South gate (California) 16, Grovel and Thirtieth 6, San Diego Fifth 2; Studio

South Ward chapel. South Sevier (Utah) (Idaho) 2; Snowflake (Arizona) Second City 10, Stirling 4; Valley View 15,

Stake house. 7, Taylorsville Second 3; Ogden FourSutherland 4; Eugene 7, Ogden FourThe Primary Association announced teenth 5, Holladay Fifth 4; Grant teenth 4.

of B. Proctor, Berthathe appointment

12, Sugar Fourth City (Idaho) 0; Wilall- today's in Scores annual Dutson,Lucy C. O. June Norma 6, son 2; Third City Salt Lake Logan 23 Softball tournament: ChurchNichols, the Casto to and gen- M. Amy Fifteenth 13, 0; Chester (Idaho) Candivision: 4, Third Junior Malad

oferal Primary. the board First Salt 9, (Idaho) 5; non Weston innings); (eleven Clearfield 2 Second

-i A Lake Mead Stake was formed from Lake Thirtieth 17, Richfield Fourth 2. Cannon First 10, Vineyard 5; Studio

*- "portions of Las Vegas Stake and Senior division: Mesa (Arizona) Tenth City 6, Valley View 2; Salt Lake City

the California Mission by Elders Del- 5, Ogden Fourth 4; San. Antonio Thirtieth 2, Eugene 0; South Gate 7,

bert L. Stapley and George Q. Morris (Texas) 2, Pocatello (Idaho) SevenSnowflake Second 6; Sutherland 12,

of the Council of the Twelve. It inteenth 0; Boise (Idaho) Seventh 4, Stirling 7; Nampa Third 13, Salt Lake

cludes the Henderson First, Second, and Richfield Second 1; Palmdale (CaliCity Fifteenth 11; San Diego Fifth 12,

Third wards, and Boulder City Ward, fornia) 11, Hyde Park 0; Richland Ogden Fourteenth 2; Weston 6, Ogden

in Nevada, and the Kingman, Arizona, (Washington) 4, St. George Sixth 3; Twentyseventh 0; Menan Second 15,

Ward, all from the Las Vegas Stake, Wilson 6, Logan Third 2; Kanosh 9, LibertySharon 8; Grant Third 6, Washand the Davis Dam and Needles Calgary (Alberta) 2; Pocatello (Idaho) ington 3; East Garland 13, McKay 10.

branches, from the California Mission. Twentieth 9, Bountiful Tenth 3; Terrace Senior division: San Antonio 3, PalmElder James Isaac Gibson was sustained First 2, Valley View (California) I; dale 0; Mesa Tenth 2, Provo Thirteenth

as stake president, with Elders Richard Provo Thirteenth 16, San Diego (Cali- 1; Terrace First 4, Wilson 3; Orchard

James Taylor and Robert Owen Gibson fornia) Fifth 5; Orchard 6, Delta 1; 6, Butler 3; Merced 8, Boise Seventh 2;

as counselors. The Las Vegas Stake Merced (California) 9, Salt Lake City Pleasant Green 8, Grant Fourth 1; Pocanow includes the nine wards of that Twentyninth 6; Pleasant Green 9, tello Twentieth 5, Kanosh 3; Inglecity. The stake presidency of the Las Plain City 0; Inglewood (California) wood 9, Richland 2; Salt Lake City

Vegas Stake continues with President 6, Myton 0; Malad (Idaho) Third 6, Twentyninth 2, Pocatello Seventeenth

Thomas Gay Myers and his counselors. Grant Third 3; Butler 3, Ogden Forty- 1; San Diego Fifth 4, Ogden Fourth 2;

Elders Robert Lynn Bunker and Thomas fifth 2. Valley View 11, Logan Third 4; St.

L. Adams. Games this year were played for the George Sixth 5, Ogden Fortyfifth 2.

694 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r->%- PREMIUM SALTINES HAVE A NEW

they're not just toasted!

they're not just browned!

The radiant Golden Glow, FRESHEST! exclusive with Premium Saltines, Make the faucet test.

Take a few Premium Saltines out of the makes em TASTIER, FLAKIER, moistureproofSeal wax packet.InEr-Reclose, hold under

faucet. Crackers come

out snapping crisp SNAPPING CRISP!

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY OCTOBER 1956 695 - AND THE j,S"BOOK OP MORMON DR. MILTON R. HUNTER Look at

President Hunter relates exciting experiences and enlightening discoveries made on his recent and extended tours of "Book of Mormon Lands"in Mexico and Central America. In the extreme southern jungles of

Mexico, he came upon white Indians, only recently discovered by white men. In the ruins of Bonampak, he saw likenesses of both white and

dark people painted on inner temple walls. In Mexico and Central BENJAMIN ALWARD

America he saw statues, carvings, and paintings of a "WhiteBearded Three hundred and eighty picturesque lijlack and

God,"resembling Christ. Many white photographs highlighting achievements of the

other discoveries, parallel to Book Archaeology and the Church and its people.

scriptures, are deof Mormon atscribed. photographs, Numerous in Book of Mormon 'Everytractive departmentpictures includingof the ChurchChurchrepresentedmembers inwho

both color and blackand-white, have achieved both national and international prompack this book with timely interest. inence.

Exact publication date will be anThis, modern approach will hold readers'interest nounced later. from first page to last and give them upto-theProbable Price minute views on the Church throughout the world.

$4.50 Mormenism in Pictures. Size 7}2"xlOJ2", 230 pages.

$4.00

jl. VlJlOT fi ""'

GOSPEL TEACHINGS IN THE BOOK OF MORMON Ill EZRA L. MARLER

Another of the handy pocketsize compilations that bring together in handy reference form m {*u'highlights of the gospel teachings in the Book of oolcoflltorinon Mormon. Carry this little

volume with you on the bus, train or plane for good reading, or use it in preparing talks and les- '. sons. $1.00 REVISED AND BROUGHT UPTO-DATE

Presidents OF THE CHURCH PRESTON NIBLEY

Newly revised to include the life of President

McKay to the time of the Los Angeles Temple dedication. Contains biographies of all nine great

presidents of the LDS Churchfrom 1830 to 1956.

Many of their timely thoughts are projected into present and future events. Wherever possible, direct

quotes have been made from the leaders themselves. This is an excellent book for study, speech

giving, or lesson preparation. Illustrated.

$4.00

RESEARCH

E. KAY KIRKHAM i fee wd

Here's a wonderful new guide for research in American genealogy.

It offers excellent suggestions on how to start the genealogxcaS record, how to make and take notes, to extend the genealogical record, to do research by to Wed analyzecorrespondence, o m ", - problem, genealogical andthe "H REX A. SKiDMORE c st'c a s k. DR. inIt also other aids.many

eludes replies from 100 genealogical libraries in the

States, explaining ited people dothey can give correspondresearch by the Uarcd Writtenhelpful suggestionsespecially foron husbandshow to stretchand wives,dollarsthisin bookthe houseoffers his- e. It contains county; if,% hold budget; how to find marital happiness in an uncertain

all ) for ( origin, etc. ies

states, a special treatise world, and how to get along better with children. Each

records, state census a page is filled with interesting trueto-life examples and - to - date and upcomplete treatise of government recideas for enriching marriage and making it more enjoyable ords with special material for all family members. This book is an ideal wedding gift

on citizenship records and naturalization papers, early and is an excellent supplement for use in teaching

States, the of Unitedmaps You."the M MenGleaner Manual, "Love, Marriage and

large glossary withand a $2.00

abbreviations.definitions and

Every genealogist will want this invaluable research tool. OFFICIAL PUBLISHERS FOR THE LDS CHURCH

$4.00 liii, lllllllliliil 7. DescrotfeijBooh Co.

44 Eisi Soulh Temple Sail lake Ciiv Utah.:

IN THE DESERET BOOK COMPANY

East Temple South City, BOOK OF MORMON 44Salt Utah Lake

EZRA L. MARLER Gentlemen:

All references recorded this in are compiled pocketsize for the following amount $ for my account concerning Prophecies Omst in the Bookto Jesusof MormonChrist Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) charge to books: encircled (numbered) his the the mission among

his m the him,edition.Nephites, spoken words and

as recorded in the Book of Mor- 1 mon are included in handy refare form. erence Excerpts classiName.. for fingertip fied segregated and

reference and use. This is excellent for brief inspirational Address

reading or for use in preparing talks and lessons. City Zone State.

$1.00 Residents of Utah Include 2% sales tax.

OCTOBER 1956 697 A Jhrilling Musical Experience Awaits You...

NEW, INSPIRING MUSIC FOR

t 'i

Off 12"HIGH fIDEUTY LONG PLAYING RECORDS

Madrigal group in the U.S. sing such

favorites as In Stiller Nacht, My Bonnie Lass, etc.

$3.95 Vol.A Cappella2. The B.Y.U.ChoirOne of the great

musical groups of the Sing 10. Jessie Vol. Evans Smith

Lord, The Ye Tocountry. Soloist with the famed Tabernacle

Ballad Brotherof loved Sings Saby hood. Blue Are Choir,cred Songs Hart. "Mickey"by everyone.W.

etc. Her Missionary, Clean The That Hath A. He Eyes,"$3.95 Hands, Heavens Opened, Were The

They Found Him In The Temple, etc. $3.95

Vol. paniment3, 4,for5—l.D.S.OrganHymns.AceomVol.This 7.albumA Collectionwill be treasuredOf Treasuredby anyoneMormonwhoHymnshas

inspired of one ever by been is that to answer the Here Saints, I Come, Ye Come theKnowMormon acHymns. or piano of no problem Lives, High, Mountains Ye Redeemer ThatO O My records these Play companist. $3.95 etc. My Father, player have and you on your

the famous BYU pipe organ to accompany your group on each verse. Vol. 3 & 4 contain many of the best loved

hymns LDS IMPORTANT NOTICE such Theas: Come,Spirit Ye Saints, Come

Of God, We Thank Thee O ReProphet, A God For Israel, 5 These records may be ordered by direct mail (we pay fhe etc. Vol. deemer Of

ifeatures music for special ocpostage), or from the Deseret Book Co., the B.Y.U. Book Store,

Christmas Carols, casions: Palocal music and record stores, or through Stake Bookstores Easter, triotic, Thanksgiving,

etc. $3.95 each Vol. (70's Quorums).

Stake Bookstores interested in selling these records, please write Century Distributing Co., 160 West Olive Ave., Burbank,

Calif, for full information. Please enclose a letter from Stake

President stating that the organization applying for this franchise is the official bookstore for that Stake or area.

Dance music from the BYU. The Y's own and

favorite dance band play Crazy Rhythm, Reverie, I Speak To The Stars, Over SPECIAL LIMITED OFFER I The Rainbow, 'S Wonderful, etc.

7"- 33 1/3 RPM RECORD 50<t DEMONSTRATION CENTURY DISTRIBUTING COMPANY This record contains selections from five of the 160 West Olive Ave., Burbank, Calif. aboveSaints (Vol.long playing7), Oh! Dearalbums:WhatCome,Can theComeMatterYe

(Vol. Be Rhythm Genflemen: Eyes 1)—Crazy(Vol. 2), Carry Her On (Vol.(Vol. 5)6), Blue Are Enclosed you will find check Di money order Q for the following amount $ for the encircled records: We are offering this sample

Ye Saints"by the B.Y.U. A Nome————Cappella Choir with the Sym-

(Please Print) phony Orchestra alone is

Address. worth far more than this

amount. Order yours today.

CityZone StoteOur supply is limited.

698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AutumnHarold M. Lambert PhotoBlessing

by Alarie Daerr

H, LET ME not spurn quietness: O The loveliness of things asleep,

Like small, hushed paths in autumn woods

And roots that have a tryst to keep.

Make me aware of muted shades Of brown and russet and old gold,

That weave their own warm tapestry

Against the gray of winter's cold.

Let me not miss such gifts as these:

A last fair bud, a swallow's flight,

A child who skips through piles of leaves,

The early evening's amber light.

Then will my eyes see God's own steps

In harvest field, on leafcrowned hill,

My ears be tuned to God's own voice.

That brings me peace, if I be still.

OCTOBER 1956 699 "TOMORROW"EYES RESOLUTION IN OCTOBER SUMMER'S PASSING

By Blanche Kendall McKey By Eleanor AUetta Chajfee By Gene Romolo

I scarcely knew in I wearWHEN, sails tightly autumn 'Co ThatSTEALTHILYSummerFallhadcame,her gold tree is gay And FORdaysthelonghour,pastI seemthe a warmlonely reality,wraith What"Whenshallevery furled the sky crimson, and gold and eyes now closed awake to shine with InWhen

Until I heard a puckish breeze that blew turquoise over Spreads day? faith

kisses, the world then Her farewell somehow of thatIn ever the best me, were dreams beautiful. sadder grown, but not less I sigh; book,"the"Close day "my now is What shall I dream in autumn, Had

done. lie, like dreams Whose the rose, SONG OF GOLD dawning fades; the dusk light dies"The petals Drifting with velvet

of dear son come, youAnd then dearer son, The way that summer goes? By Georgia Moore Eberling

keen halt "tomorrow"with yourAnd me eyes. is globe; a sun golden T'he autumn I in shall sing autumn

shines through, but hopeWhite field robe; topaz a wears wheat The end, reached have songs an tender WhatWhose

unhealed wounds as is yellow daffodil lane a The silverthroated brook the over And fight query, the a lad brawnEvoke "Can spill. shattered petals sunflower Where willows sighing bend? The

for spiritvision a shield?"gleamingWith

years echelon! Son, formed an have my bright golden corn plumes; waves The now in heart autumn I'll wear my is the close end. I cannotThere no sways yellow blooms; goldenrod The sleeve; a careless book. Upon1 stiffen look, in the challenge of your like a prince stands Cottonwood The I'll the over same dream dream

of buttercup In.shades quince. and April helped weave. That me EACH RETURNING

Slim aspens gleam in golden cloaks;

By Leah Sherman WordsI'll singareno toosongfrailin byautumn;far. TheHavetrailingput on vinesgilt asandgaymountainas the sun,oaks

I cross willII/Iake design But in your my room fingers Whitetrimmed in lace that spiders spun;

star! a wish upon And returning. urgencies For

Only death writes "finis"For always as the year grows old,

To our needing. Earth puts on tints of rose and gold

And blooms again in joy and light

The yellowed leaves lie crumpled Before November's snowstilled night.

On each October's hillside;

But'again and yet again WISDOM FOR THE YEARNING

April's yellowgreen leafage Spells continuity of hope. By Ruby Zagoren

Turn thoughtfully the pages: fKAss, BEHEADED by the frost.

There is no end to time Is only for one season lost;

And no beginning....

Leaves that wither and decay FOR GLEANERS'HARVESTOFFERING Return to shade through summer's day.

—Leviticus 19:9 Wisdom for the hearts that yearn:

By Laura Ernihj Mau Nothing goes without return.

THhe last sweet autumn days have come CURVE AHEAD last earth's harvesting; For By Eva Willes Wangsgaard

in the gleanersThe fields came for

Their harvest offering. INHERE IS A corner where the highway curves

* Abruptly round a towering mountain's

Of "corners"that men base; did not cut.—/-/. Annstroir H'i)trif photoLeft need. for the gleaners'AndWhich God commanded them to leave I spendall alonethe lovelywith milesbeautybeforeface toit swerves,face.

For others'needs to feed. DRY OCTOBER The hanging gardens famed in Babylon

It proves God has provided for By Jane Merchant InCouldblueneverof shadevie withor brilliantautumnunderon thatsun, hill.

great creaturesHis and small; still. stands magnificent mountain and

leaves the maple IN August 'C'VEN ceaselesslyImpartially and lost; loveliness is soonest were dry, TheThis autumn

heat, Shriveled and desolately with all. for themOur God cares green, back But looking cool and on summer

brown.

APPOINTMENT Dark rainless clouds against the rainless IForwouldwindsnot thathold pluckthis beautyleaf colorfrom fromthe frost.the

. By Frances Rodman We sky.longed for autumn winds to whirl them Willscenecome equipped to cover all the scars

down bright chalcedony and sunkissed With leave the burdened boughs austerelyIAN I have time to clean the floor And stars.

Or straighten up a bed, free.

October this dry all knew the along winding laneWhen We could not hold GRACE jubilee hint of former autumns'are trees red? turning The A

Of glorious red and pure translucent gold. By Thelma Ireland

I'll do the chores tomorrow, But day by day the withered leaves hung

For work will always wait; on. TPhe ARBOR blazes with red blooms.

But autumn passes quickly by. Until one dawn we woke to find them blazWith each rose is a sword.

And just beyond my gate ing Protecting it while it proclaims,

With brilliant red and gold, all drabness "We hereby thank thee. Lord.

A dashing sweep of scarlet gone, We thank thee for the sun above.

Is urgent as a must. A vivid challenge to our startled gazing. The food beneath the sod.

I'd rather meet October One day they cast the old, ecstatic spell, The honor thou invests in us:

Then keep my house from dusti And then at last, and all at once, they fell. A living proof of God."

700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (cv>:>,:7s>sJ>sos:o:x!Ns5s:sr>

Art -wraMjwtftt

The Tenth Part by President David O. McKay

THEpractisedLAW OFby TITHINGthe Churchas HOWof JesusUnderstoodChristandof resultingcial factor,fromtithinga compliancemakes itstogreatestthis lawappealas a soto

Latterday Saints was given by revelation to the sincere mind because of its spiritual signifithe Prophet Joseph Smith in response to a prayer cance. It is an unfailing source of spiritual power.

in which the Prophet sought the Lord to know True and constant obedience to this law will give "how much he required of the properties of the us as much spiritual development as will any other people for a tithing."(See D & C 119.) principle of the gospel. Inasmuch as one may not

To members of the Church, therefore, tithing infrequently be compelled to practise selfrestraint is a law of God. No one is compelled to obey it and selfdenial in personal desires and perhaps

any more than he is compelled to obey the law personal needs, the paying of tithing develops of baptism, and no one receives the blessing of selfmastery. Selfishness and selflove are thus

either without obedience thereto. To those who supplanted by unselfishness and a love for others.

accept the system of tithing as a law of God, What does it mean to obey the law of sacrinothing more need be said to convince them of fice? The best shall be given to God. He said:

the virtue of paying onetenth of their annual in- "Take of the firstlings of your herds and of your terest, for if sincere, they certainly acquiesce in flocks."(Deut. 12:6.) The rest you may have.

what is God's will; but even to those who do not Thus should God become the center of your very

so regard it, tithing makes most worthy appeal. being.

Tithing teaches those fundamental elements With this thought in view, I thank my earthly upon which strength of character rests: that is, father for the lesson he gave to two boys in a

selfcontrol, selfdenial, generosity, love for fellow hayfield at a time when tithes were paid in kind.

man, and love for God. It is impossible for a selfWe had driven out to the field to get the tenth

ish soul to enter the kingdom of heaven. Paying load of hay, and then over to a part of the meadow

an honest tithe is one of the best means of overwhere we had taken the ninth load, where there coming these barriers to eternal happiness. was "wire grass"and "slough grass."As we

Tithing should not be given with a selfish end started to load the hay, father called out, "No in view. A man who pays tithing merely to keep boys, drive over to the higher ground."There I

his name on the record will receive his reward, was timothy and redtop there. But one of the

of course; he will have his name on the record. boys called back, "No, let us take the hay as it

"Verily, he hath his reward,"as the man who comes!"

prayed to be seen and heard of men. But he who "No, David, this is the tenth load, and the

gives because he loves to help others and to further best is none too good for God."

the cause of righteousness, who gives cheerfully That is the most effective sermon on tithing I and with thanksgiving in his heart, also has his have ever heard in my life, and it touches, I found reward; for in giving he is really obtaining. In in later life, this very principle of the law of sacrilosing his life for Christ's sake, he finds it. If fice. You cannot develop character without obeying

all would thus lose themselves unselfishly in the that law. Temptation is going to come to you in

law of tithing, there would be sufficient in the this life. You sacrifice your appetites; you sacriLord's storehouse to insure the comfort and edufice your passions for the glory of God; and you

cation of every person in need in the Church. gain the blessing of an upright character and

The law of tithing properly lived means adespirituality. That is a fundamental truth.

quate protection for all. The man who is honest with the Lord is honAside from these social and temporal benefits est with himself and is blessed exceedingly.

s (y l"JL i jL/ 1/UI 701OCTOBER 1956 by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

little Children in the Celestial Kingdom

"The following question was discussed in revelations are perfectly clear and should be beyond our Sunday School, and it caused some dispute.

wide difference of opinion. When an infant dies, will it Our Eternal Father is just, as well as merciful. It

be exalted into the celestial kingdom? Some members of would be an injustice to little children who die in early

the class expressed the thought that because children die life to deprive them of the opportunity to obtain all the before reaching the age of accountability they will be blessings that are promised to aduhs who arc faithful exalted into the celestial kingdom the same as those who and true in this life. A doctrine which would deprive

live and endure to the end upon the earth. Others feel little children of such blessings borders on the corrupt

that those infants who die before eight years of age will teaching which has persisted almost since the passing of still have to be tried and tempted at some time after the the ancient apostles and which is one of the outstanding resurrection just as adults are here and that they will notions which points so clearly to the apostasy in primihave to earn their place in the celestial kingdom after tive days. It will be interesting to have a glimpse at this

enduring such trials. Will you give us some help on the abominable practice and doctrine which has brought

question?"misery to the souls of thousands of parents who have lost

their little ones.

The Catholic Encyclopedia states: "The absolute

necessity of this sacrament [baptism] is often insisted on

In The Improvement Era of December by the Fathers of the Church, especially when they speak 1954, page 862, there is an answer to the of infant baptism."It quotes St. Ireanaeus as saying:

question of salvation of little children covering much of "Christ came to save all who are reborn through Him to this question. From the days of the Prophet Joseph Smith God, infants, children, and youths"(infantes et parvulos

until now, articles have been published repeatedly anet pueros). This reference attributes these words to St.

swering the question in relation to the salvation and Augustine: "If you wish to be a Catholic, do not believe,

exaltation of little children. It would be well if we could nor say, nor teach, that infants who die before baptism

get some questions settled once and for all time so that can obtain the remission of original sin."And again:

they will not have to be repeated. It would be well if "Whoever says that even infants are vivified in Christ

members of the Church would do more studying of the when they depart this life without the participation of fundamental principles of the gospel as the Lord has His sacrament (Baptism), both opposes the Apostolic commanded us to do. preaching and condemns the whole Church, which hasLittle children who die before the age of accountability tened to baptize infants, because it unhesitatingly bearc saved in the celestial kingdom. The Prophet Joseph lieves that otherwise they can not possibly be vivified in

Smith received this knowledge by vision in the Kirtland Christ."

Temple, January 21, 1836. On that occasion it was St. Ambrose is quoted as having said that "No one is

shown that "... all children who die before they arrive excepted, not the infant, not the one hindered by any

at the years of accountability are saved in the celestial necessity."In the Pelagian controversy are found simikingdom of heaven."Serious thinking would tell us larly strong pronouncements by the Councils of Carthage

that if these children are saved, they are not subject to and Milevis, and of Pope Innocent I. The explanation

a later trial by the temptation and buffeting of Satan. is made that because of the church's belief in the necesThe Savior taught his disciples when in their presence sity of baptism as a means to salvation, as was already

this doctrine as plainly as words can tell.- Revelations noted by St. Augustine, the Church committed the power

given in our day also show that little children who are of baptism in certain contingencies even to laymen and deprived of the experiences in mortal life are, by eternal women.

decree, redeemed from the temptation of Satan. Such Catholic theologians are unanimous in declaring that

'Documentary History, 2:381. Vol. "infants dying without baptism are excluded from the

2Matt. 18:6-10; 19:1315; 10:1316. Mark

8D 8i C 29:4648. Mosiah 15:2425. Moroni 8:1024. Tke Catholic Encyclopedia, p. 265, Article on Baptism.

702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA beatific vision,"but concerning the state of such souls are now deprived of their little one have great cause for in the next world they do not agree. While it is certain joy and rejoicing, even in the midst of the deep sorrow

that unbaptized infants must endure the pain of loss, that they feel at the loss of their little one for a time.

(Paena Domni), it is not at all certain that they are They know he is all right; they have the assurance that

subject to the pain of sense (Paena Sensus). St. Augustheir little one has passed away without sin. Such chiU

tine taught that unbaptized infants would not be exempt dren are in the bosom of the Father. They will inherit

from the pain of sense, but at the same time it would be their glory and their exaltation, and they will not be of the mildest form. St. Gregory Nazianzen expresses deprived of the blessings that belong to them; for, in the

the belief that such infants would suffer only the pain economy of heaven, and in the wisdom of the Father, of loss.... who doeth all things well, those who are cut down as

"Since the twelfth century, the opinion of the majority little children are without any responsibility for their of theologians has been that unbaptized infants are imtaking off, they, themselves, not having the intelligence mune from all pain of sense."and wisdom to take care of themselves and to underSo we see that it was not long after the departure of stand the laws of life; and, in the wisdom and mercy and

the apostles that the most damnable heresies crept into economy of God our Heavenly Father, all that could the theological teachings and practices and destroyed have been obtained and enjoyed by them if they had the church. How grateful Latterday Saints should be been permitted to live in the flesh will be provided for

that the truth has been restored. The spirit of every them hereafter. They will lose nothing by being taken

child born into this world was mature in the preexist- away from us in this way.

ence. We lived in the presence of our Eternal Father. * * *

We were taught his laws and obeyed them. We had "The spirits of our children are immortal before they

knowledge and understanding far beyond anything we come to us, and their spirits, after bodily death, are like gain in this life. Naturally that which we gained by they were before they came. They are as they would apobedience in the preexistence will in the next world be pear if they had lived in the flesh, to grow to maturity,

restored to us. The main purpose of mortal life, we or to develop their physical bodies to the full stature of

may be sure, is to obtain tabernacles of flesh and bones, their spirits. If you see one of your children that has

and then to be tried and proved through our deeds in passed away it may appear to you in the form in which the body. If an infant dies, it has obtained its body. you would recognize it, the form of childhood; but if

The body does not grow in the grave, but the spirit reit came to you as a messenger bearing some important turns to await the resurrection. Following the resurtruth, it would perhaps come as the spirit of Bishop Edrection the infant will grow to the full stature of its ward Hunter's son (who died when a little child) came

spirit. The spirit and body become inseparably conto him, in the stature of fullgrown manhood, and renected, and every privilege to obtain the exaltation given vealed himself to his father, and said: 'I am your son.'

to mortals will be given to those who die in infancy. "Bishop Hunter did not understand it. He went to

Justice demands that this be done. I recommend to my father and said: 'Hyrum what does that mean? I

readers of The Improvement Era the teachings of Presiburied my son when he was only a little boy, but he has dent Joseph F. Smith as found in Gospel Doctrine. From come to me as a full grown man, a noble, glorious, young

those teachings the following paragraphs are taken. man, and declared himself my son. What does it

"But, with little children who are taken away in inmean?'

fancy and innocence before they have reached the years "Father (Hyrum Smith, the Patriarch) told him that of accountability, and are not capable of committing sin, the Spirit of Jesus Christ was fullgrown before he was the gospel reveals to us the fact that they are redeemed, born into the world; and so your children were fulland Satan has no power over them. Neither has death grown and possessed their full stature in the spirit, before

any power over them. They are redeemed by the blood they entered mortality, the same stature that they will

of Christ, and they are saved just as surely as death has possess after they have passed away from mortality, and come into the world through the fall of our first parents. as they will also appear after the resurrection, when they

It is further written that Satan has no power over men shall have completed their mission.

or women, except that power which he gains over them "Joseph Smith taught the doctrine that the infant in this world. In other words, none of the children of child that was laid away in death would come up in the

the Father who are redeemed through obedience, faith, resurrection as a child; and, pointing to the mother of

repentance, and baptism, for the remission of sins, and a lifeless child, he said to her 'You will have the joy, the who live in that redeemed condition, and die in that pleasure, and satisfaction of nurturing this child, after condition are subject to Satan. Therefore, he has no its resurrection, until it reaches the full stature of its

power over them. They are absolutely beyond his reach spirit.'There is restitution, there is growth, there is dejust as little children are who die without sin. To my velopment, after the resurrection from death. I love this

mind this is a consolation and a glorious truth that my truth. It speaks volumes of happiness, of joy and gratisoul delights in. I am grateful to my Heavenly Father tude to my soul. Thank the Lord he has revealed these

that he has revealed it unto me, for it affords a consolaprinciples to us."

tion that nothing else can give, and it brings a joy to my spirit that nothing can take away, except the consciousness on my part of having sinned and transgressed against light and knowledge which I may have possessed. Zi.=y%

"Under these circumstances, our beloved friends who

Ibid., page 267. Gospel Doctrine, pp. 452456.

OCTOBER 1956 703 SCOUTER MUSICIAN SEVENTY DEFENDER OF TRUTH LATTERDAY SAINT

by Bryant S. Hinckley

Brother and Sister Kirkham on their Golden Wedding Anniversary, 1954.

Musical brothers, James K. (Oscar's father), Joseph, Hyrum, and Tenyear-old Oscar with his father James K. Kirkham.

George Kirkham. Standing, left to right, Oscar's mother, and

Grandfather and Grandmother Kirkham.

704 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'Jiir

r>:

A master storyteller, Brother Kirkham entertains Scouts of Region 12 at Mt. Lassen, California.

No man goes about a more godly business could see the Matterhorn, he gave us six years ago, January 22, 1880. He

than he who is concerned with the right an example of his gracious willingis the son of James K. and Martha

others. a His father ness was Kirkham. to help Mercerupbringingchildren.—Aristotleof his own and other people's a musician was and a merchant. He is a field marshal Elder Kirkham

on the battleground where character kindly, religious man, steadfast in his upright allegiance to the Church, is the is happiest forged where andTHEsocietyMEASUREis his constructiveof a man's influencevalue to all his dealings, in highly respected heaviest. action is the is where That in the world. That may be best he shines, where he best demonstrates by his neighbors. His mother, Martha

determined by the answer to these his ability. His towering figure and Mercer Kirkham, was from distinquestions: Has he made the world a clarion voice, his ready grasp of any guished pioneer stock. Although she

better place in which to live? When situation put him in command and died while still a young woman, she

he is gone, will what he built up make him a brilliant leader. left forever the impress of her nobility

tumble down? Elder Oscar A. Kirkham was bom upon her eight children. She was

Judged by these standards Elder in Lehi, Utah County, Utah, seventyindeed a great mother. Her children

Oscar A. Kirkham will qualify for a prove it. They are superior men and

place among the good and great of women. This is due in no small

his day. In his youth, he gave prommeasure to her wise and saintly inise of the achievements which have fluence. She bequeathed to her chilcrowned his mature years. More than dren that precious but intangible

half a century of his colorful life has something that makes one "hunger been dedicated to building men, the and thirst after righteousness."That

supreme work of the world. He has is one of the greatest inheritances,

the rare and precious gift of moving and her heritage to her children.

people to righteousness, of awakening She had a premonition that this their slumbering souls and giving dison, Oscar, would do a great work in rection to their lives. He motivates. his time—that he was a child of

From his luminous soul he kindles destiny. However, she did not live

the souls of others. This is one of to rejoice in his achievements.

his gifts. He loves to help people. In his childhood and youth Oscar

Wherever you find him, he is doing did what most country boys do—hoed

something for others, promoting their the garden, milked the cows, thinned friendship, looking after their welthe beets, marketed produce, and went fare, seeking to make them happy. to school. In the school of his home

When Elder Kirkham carried a criptown he met a young teacher, George pled Swiss boy on his shoulders up a N. Child, who recognized this tall

steep mountainside so that the boy Martha Mercer Kirkham, Oscar's mother. (Continued on following page)

OCTOBER 1956 705 Children and grandchildren gather for Brother and Sister Kirkham's Golden Wedding Anniversary.

boys for most of a school quarter. studying under some of the ablest

Oscar A. Kirkham Plain living and high thinking often vocal teachers. He made splendid

(Continued from preceding page) go together. progress and appeared on some imboy's possibilities and not only inBecause Brother Kirkham loved the portant musical programs in that

spired him to work but also filled him stage and had an exceptional baritone country. Being deeply religious, he

with a desire to win a place in the voice, he soon became prominent in often joined with the missionaries in world. Brother Kirkham owes much school dramatics. His vocal teachers their work.

to his fellow townsman, George N. thought he had great possibilities as On his return to America he taught

Child, who became one of the dis- a singer and encouraged him to go to music at the Ricks Academy in Rextinguished educators of the state of Germany to study. After graduating burg, Idaho. He also instructed priUtah. from Brigham Young Academy he vate pupils, and through his boundAt seventeen years of age Oscar endid spend three years in Germany less energy he was soon able to repay

tered Brigham Young University the money borrowed for his school- [then academy] at Provo and was ing in Germany.

later graduated from that institution. Elder Kirkham now began to feel

Since then he has twice served as that if he were to make music his president of the alumni association career he needed further training in and at present is the first vice presithe art of teaching. Accordingly, he

dent of the Emeritus Club. went to Columbia University in New

The story of how he obtained his York City, where he studied two and education with little or no financial onehalf years. In order to help meet

help is stimulating to all ambitious his expenses he sang in a choir in young men. During the first winter New York and did some teaching. The

in Provo he lived in the loft of a head of the music department of the granary with another Lehi boy of university assigned him to coach a promise, James T, Worlton, who won group of students who could not meet distinction as an educator. In those the required standards. Under his

days a sack of potatoes cost fifty cents direction they made remarkable progand a hundred pounds of flour, three ress, proving his ability as a teacher.

dollars. These items with a little In the final examinations these puhome-cured bacon would feed two As a young man. pils were among the best.

706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA On his return to Salt Lake City he became head of the department of music at the LDS University, a position he held for five years.

Elder Kirkham became a member of the general board of the Young

Men's Mutual Improvement Association on August 25, 1912, and continued to serve on the board until

October 10, 1948.

In the summer of 1911 the Scout movement had been recognized by the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Association, and in 1913 the MIA

Scouts, on invitation from the National Council, affiliated with and became part of the Boy Scouts of

America. The official act of the

executive board of the National

Council was taken May 2, 1913, at which time the general board of the

YMMIA was given a charter covering the entire Church.

In 1919 Brother Kirkham became field secretary of the YMMIA and President Oscar A. Kirkham's first love and primary concern is his office as a Seventy

later executive secretary of that auxin the Church. Here he is flanked by his brethren of the First Council of the Seventy.

iliary. Now began his remarkable

career as a leader of young people. In April 1919 he was appointed California, and the Hawaiian Islands.

As such he has had few equals. This Scout executive of the Salt Lake The Church of Jesus Christ of Latgreat organization soon began to feel Council of Boy Scouts of America. terday Saints adopted early the

the quickening touch of his vitalizing In November 1925, he was made asplan of the Boy Scouts of America as leadership. It was here that he came sociate executive of Region 12, conpart of its program for youth, and has

in contact with scouting. sisting of Utah, Nevada, Arizona, (Continued on following page)

Brother Kirkham was presented an Indian headdress when he "An Indian chief"at the 1953 World Jamboree of Scouting in became a member of the staff of Region 12, which includes Utah, London.

Nevada, Arizona, California, and Hawaii.

OCTOBER 1956 707 Oscar A. Kirfcham

(Continued from preceding page) had almost from the beginning a higher percentage of its boys registered in scouting than has any other church. Brother Kirkham served the

YMMIA under general superintendents Anthony W. Ivins, George Albert Smith, Albert E. Bowen, and

George Q. Morris.

He has attended six world Scout jamborees, six national jamborees in the United States, and many sectional gatherings, and has served as morale officer at all of them: This is a

highly important assignment. Keeping thousands of restless boys interested and happy and maintaining a

high spiritual atmosphere, requires Brother Kirkham with the Salt Lake Council of BSA, wearing silver buffalo award.

superb leadership.

In forty years the Scout program has reached impressive proportions. great work designated for the sevenin the Boy Scout movement. First Scout

in the Salt Executive Council. Lake ManyIn the United States there are more ties of the Church—that of proclaimof the staff of Region years a member

than four million Scouts vvith more ing the gospel to the inhabitants of Twelve. Member of the National Staff at

than eight hundred thousand officers the earth. In this capacity he has five World Jamborees and the great Naand leaders. In this group which has continued his great service to all peotional Jamboree held in Washington, D.

attracted men of distinguished leaderple and has unfailingly demonstrated C,tendedin 1937;six world[In all,Jamborees,Elder Kirkhamsix national,has atship and ability, stands the towering his devotion to the work of the Lord. and many other sectional gatherings of the

figure of Oscar A. Kirkham. It was In this calling he feels he has met the Boy Scouts.] including membership at Inin scouting that he had the oppormost significant responsibility of his ternational conference of leaders, where

tunity to demonstrate his leadership dedicated life. And yet he has met it he presented a paper on "The Patrol

and to make his supremely significant in the honest humility of being "the NewMethod."York LedWorld'ssixtyFairthousandin theScoutsScout atOaththe

contribution to the manhood of the least of these."and the National Anthem. Honorary memChurch and the nation. The walls of Elder Kirkham's office ber of the Boy Scouts of France and Greece.

At October conference, 1941, Elder are adorned with tokens, trophies, Selected to present the bronze statuette of of to the Scouting at the Holland Queen tributes of appreciation. and of citations,Kirkham was sustained a member of in behalf the American Jamboree World

letters citations. a few and We submit of the Seventy.the First Council This Inin Delegation. 1947, At France, with

was the climax of years of Church At the MIA conference June 20, ternational leaders, was made Chief "Elk"service. 1948, the following citation was read: of the Blackfoot Indian Tribe and was also

presented the of Cross with Jerusalem by seventy, Elder has As a Kirkham of religious of leader Scouts Boy visited stakes of the the OSCAR A. KIRKHAM chief and missions years, France. "Oscar"For was the many

Church and has inspired the memDean of the General Board of the YMMIA executive secretary of the YMMIA. He inbers with renewed faith and devotroduced and gave leadership to the plan

tion. These fifteen years, along with Member of the Committee upon whose (Continued on page 765)

recommendation the program of the Boy the many preceding them, have been Scouts of America was adopted by the dedicated to the promotion of the Church in 1913. Thirtylive years'service

Brother Kirkham with other members of the American World Staff Delegation of With Scouts at the World Jamboree of the BSA, at 1934 Boy Scout Jamboree. 1929 in Budapest.

708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HOW NEAR TO THE ANGELS

Andre Mostert, as rival of Tim Morgan, and Mary Anderson.

Wid Tingey as Tim Morgan, the returned missionary, asks for Janet's hand, played by Mary Anderson.

HOWwayTO ofMAKElife virtuewithoutan makingappealingit overly sentimental, has long been an attempt of the entire Church, including each organization and auxiliary. How can we effectively tell

young people the story of living a good, clean life? With this in mind,

the YWMIA investigated the possibility of a motion picture to tell this story, and the script, "How Near to the Angels,"was authorized.

The conflict in the play is one that frequently arises among our young people. To watch the scenes unfold

and feel the suspense that carries the story to its final solution will provide additional strength and courage for youth in their resolution to live clean lives.

Brigham Young University motion picture department began shooting "How Near to the Angels,"February 13, 1956, and completed it (except for minor shots) June 6. Twentyseven sets were utilized, including

four Latterday Saint chapels and the

MIA Girls'Home in Provo Canyon.

Eight sets were designed and constructed by the staff, six of which were Andre Mostert, Ada Whipple as the mother, and Mary Anderson used on the sound stage and two contake position, as Director Wetzel O. Whitaker (kneeling next to camera)

and Glen MacWilliams prepare to "shoot"the action.

structed on location.

The cast includes: Mary Anderson, MIA); Andre Mostert, Brent BrockIn addition nearly 500 extras were

Evanston, Illinois, a BYU junior who bank, and Jean Reese Jenkins of Provo, involved in the various crowd scenes, plays the leading role as Janet Howwho play major parts, supported by such as the MIA basketball game ard; Wid Tingey, Salt Lake City, Lethe Tatge, Emily Coleman of Midand the Gold and Green Ball.

President, BYU student body for way; Ada Whipple, Mary Deane Head of the motion picture staff

195556, who has the part of Tim Clark, Jeniveve Jacobs, JoAnn Thomis Wetzel O. Whitaker, formerly of

Morgan (interestingly enough Wid is as, Pat Boyce, all of Provo; Madge Walt Disney Studios, now bishop of

a grandson of Martha Home Tingey, Thorn of Springville; and Rae Larsen Edgemont First Ward. He was ably

second general president of the YW of Idaho Falls, Idaho, (Continued on page 764)

OCTOBER 1956 709 Epic Milieu in the Old Testament

HAVING CONSIDERED Egypt and Mesopotamia, the friends moved by inexorable degrees into theepic worlds of Ugarit and the HurThere Were Jaredi+es rians, the Hittites, the Phoenicians, the Greeks, the Persians, the Romans, the Celts, the Germans and Scandiby Dr. Hugh Nibley

navians, the Slavs, and the heroic BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY cultures of the late Middle Ages, which take their cue from the Arabs and Persians, from whom also come the Amarna period, "the pivotal era paralleled in Nuzu, the literary motifs the heroic traditions of modern naof the ancient Near East. In it were of the narratives are paralleled often

tions. In some of these areas Problended the civilizations of Mesoand plainly enough in the legends

fessor F. and his friend Blank had the potamia, Anatolia, Canaan, Caphtor of Ugarit."Now the Nuzu texts

advantage of Schwulst himself, and and Egypt."-* He thus places Abrareferred to have a Hurrian backinsisted on prolonging the discussions ham a full six hundred years later ground, while the Ugaritic texts,

to such lengths that it is impossible than conventional scholarship dates though ritual and liturgical in nature, to follow them here. Although we him. But the earlier period, circa are full of genuine epic material.

must pass by many heroic epics and 2000 B.C., was also a typical heroic Thus in the Ugaritic story of Baal

ages for want of space to do them age like the Amarna period, a time we find that hero passionately declarjustice, some of the newer finds are when the whole ancient world was ing: "Whether king or commoner be

so significant for the study of the book overrun by great mixed hordes under invested with sovranty over the land.

of Ether that we must give them at the leadership of chieftains who drove Respects I will not send to the God least a passing glance on our way horsedrawn chariots, had formidable Mot, nor greetings to Il's beloved, the back to the Jaredites. new weapons, and bore Aryan, that is hero!"*'This is the old story of the

First of all, there is a surprising IndoEuropean, names. Both ages great lord who refuses to pay respects

new development involving the patriwere typical migration times, times to another great lord lest it look like archs of the Old Testament. Recent of world upheaval and collapse of submission. Meanwhile the position

studies on Abraham have emphasized great civilizations. A scholar who of his bitter rival Mot is clear. "He

that great patriarch's dual role as a places Abraham in the earlier period meditates in his inwards: 'I alone am

chief of wandering nomads on the one tells us that his father Terah belonged he who will rule over the gods. Yea,

hand and a highly educated repreto "a motley and mobile population,"command gods and men, even domisentative of the great and sophistimoving among the cities of Mesoponate the multitudes of the earth.'"''

cated civilizations of Babylonia and tamia,"and asserts that "it would This statement followed a vain atEgypt on the other. The discovery not be surprising to discover at Mari tempt to seize Baal's throne of dothat Abraham lived in a house as well (a city in northern Mesopotamia) a minion on the cedar mountain. In

as a tent came as a great surprise in record of Terah's request of Zimrilim threatening terms the world is told the 1930's: "We had been accustomed for permission to pass through his to submit to Mot: "at the feet of Mot

to think of Abraham as a simple territories!"bow and fall, prostrate yourselves and

dweller in tents,"writes Sir Leonard "Motley"societies, we should note, honor him!"He has a magnificent

Woolley, "and find him a possible are not the product of long evolution golden throne made for him and a occupant of a sophisticated brick or stable conditions. Such are only golden bowl, objects which from their

house in a city."This is a reminder the result of the throwing together description are like those which have

that the tent life and city life, far of enforced migrants in a time of been unearthed at Tepe Gawra, acfrom being mutually exclusive, norcrisis. The hosts that conquered and cording to our editor, and go back to

mally go together in heroic ages. And occupied both Egypt and Mesopothe middle of the fourth millennium

to follow Cyrus Gordon, Abraham's tamia in the early second millennium, B.C., which may be almost in Jareage was certainly a heroic one. and the People of the Sea and their dite times. Next there is a penalty

"Abraham was of Mesopotamian relatives who struck again in the mentioned against the hero who origin,"writes Gordon, "and his son fourteenth century B.C., were such smote "Lotan, the writhing serpent.

and grandson married girls from their mixed hordes. Abraham has close Didst destroy the crooked serpent the

kin in Mitanni. At the same time, family ties with the great contempoaccursed one of seven heads. "Again

Egyptian blood was in the Patriarchal rary "heroic"civilization of the Hurthis puts us in mind of the many household.... The Patriarchal Herians, but what puts the genuine archaic Mesopotamian seals depicting

brews enjoyed the ideal spot and the heroic stamp on his doings, according the hero fighting with a flaming serideal time to fall heir to the rich and to Gordon, is first of all the authentic pent. What is the origin of the

varied heritage of the ancient Near saga character of the patriarchal Hydra, the sevenheaded serpent,

East; when Egypt and Babylon were biblical narrative. Certain things in whose heads only multiply as fast

nearly spent, the pastoral and semithose narratives, such as romantic as they are cut off? The only thing

nomadic purity of Patriarchal life marriage and contests between brothto suggest it in actual experience is saved the Hebrews from the decadence ers, are found only in heroic literathe attempt to cut down pestiferous of that cosmopolitan age."- The age ture and heroic ages. "Just as the creatures that have one hopelessly

in question, according to Gordon, was social institutions of the narratives are outnumbered. It seemed to the pio710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the point of Ether entirely, so have they missed the point of the patriarchal narratives of the Bible. Both

sources now take us back to the same heroic world.

Of particular interest to students of the Jaredites and the epic milieu is the very recently discovered Phoenician inscription of Karatepe, dated variously between 800 and 725 B. C.

The inscription was ordered by King

Azitawaddu, who behaves "after the manner of the Assyrians,"though his people are the Dananians. "I restored

the Dananians,"he boasts. "I extended the land of the Plain of Adana

from the rising of the sun unto its setting.... I established peace with

every King... and I builded fortresses

in all the remotest borders, in the places in which there were lawless fellows, chiefs of robber bands, none of whom had been submissive to the house of Mushpi,"It is the old familiar story, including the classification of all who refuse submission to Shiz or Coriantumr as outlaws:

I, Azitawaddu, placed them beneath my feet (i.e., the robber bands), and I built

fortresses in those places so that the Dananians might inhabit them... and I humbled mighty lands in the west.... I

brought them down; I settled them at my

extreme borders in the east."

He sets up a center of control for all his conquests and gives it his own name: "I built this city, and I determined (its) name Azitawaddiya, bepatriarch belonged Testament Old to an heroic Abraham age, and cause Ba'al and Rephesh of the he-

a highly representative great civilizations educated of the of Babylonia was

.. and Egypt. goats they made me to build it.

that it might be a bulwark for the

Plain of Adana and for the House neers that every cricket killed only but the Ras Shamra fragments now of Mupshu.... So I have built this

made way for seven more. Whenever vindicate their antiquity. In the end, city, named it Azitawaddiya, and enone looks in the early epics there is according to the latter, "all the gods throned the son of Ba'al and instituted

the same clear and vivid memory of a finally go and submit to Mot who is sacrifices."* Note that the city does

great plague of serpents, of which the the Devil, in the city of Mt. Hermon not grow up gradually, but is founded

book of Ether gives us the fullest and (Hmry), while Aliyan Baal also subby the great chief, as Jaredite cities best description. mits to the haughty and glorious were, and given his name. "And this

Next our Baal epic reports a great IN/Iot."- This submission is by mescity shall possess grain and wine, and

assembly of the gods on Hmrij, which senger, as in the other heroic tales this people whose children shall dwell

Gordon identifies with Mt. Hermon. we have considered. [here] shall possess cattle and sheep

This assembly is often mentioned in In the light of these newly found and grain and wine... and they

the Jewish apocryphal writings as the epic texts, our whole idea of Hebrew shall be exceedingly mighty, and they assembly of the Fallen Ones that took beginnings must be changed. "The shall serve exceedingly well unto

place on Mt. Hermon after the flood. magnificent structure of Old TestaAzitawaddu and to the House of

There we are told they founded a ment higher criticisms is not to be Mupshu for the sake of Ba'al and the world -order which was in imitation brushed aside,"writes Gordon, "but gods."

and opposition to God's order, but its individual results can no longer A clearer exposition of the system which succeeded in oppressing the be accepted unless they square with and purpose of city founding as we human race by its false authority. the Hebrew text as we can now unexplained it in The World of the

These apocryphal writings have alderstand it in the light of parallel Jaredites could not be asked. But

ways been thought to be mere literatures from the pagan forerunners what rings the heroic note in our infantasies, the medieval inventions of and contemporaries of the Hebrews, scription is the magic name of "the overwrought oriental imaginations, in Bible lands. "If men have missed (Continued on following page)

OCTOBER 1956 711 There Were Jaredites (Continued from preceding page) had dealings with them. Now we and saved him when the Lord AtHouse of Mopshu."For this Mopshu know them as the oldest representatarissiyas tracked him down and

is none other than the Mopsus who tives of our IndoEuropean languages attacked him in his mountain domain.

figures so largely in the Greek heroic and customs and a people quite as And what did our noble do to show legends that "scientific"scholarship ancient as the Egyptians or Babyhis gratitude? He joined forces with

has always believed to *be nature lonians. Their society was remarkthe terrible Attarissiyas and raided

myths. ably heroic. The king lived in a state the lands of his Hittite benefactor!-''

"In our text,"writes the editor, of constant migration, in the summer What could ever bind such men to "we thus have a tangible approach going forth on his sacred mission of allegiance? Ties of marriage (all the

to this hero of Greek saga, who, born conquering and subduing the world, great Hittite houses were intermarof Manto, the daughter of Teiresias, in the winter moving from city to ried), and especially oaths! The

came to Cilicia before the fall of city in a sacred progress which was oath is almost an obsession with the

Troy."In southeast Asia Minor the regarded as a single protracted festiHittites. Every vassal swore to be

legendary Mopsus built three famous val called the nuntariiashhash.'- The eternally faithful to his lord and to

cities, and here in a tangible inscripking was the ruler of the world, the support him against all his enemies, tion we find a descendant of his evervictorious conqueror who moved and every year the eternal oath of building and dedicating another city, forward in the thunder, yet his offealty was renewed (just to play safe) and a very real one. The German fice was elective "as among the Angloalong with a formal payment of

critical method long since decided Saxons and other Germanic peotribute. Anyone who failed in his

that the idea of heroes building cities ples."As a result, Hittite history oath and tribute was brought to the

(a very conspicuous theme in the begins with the grim rivalry between palace and kept in dignified imprisonbook of Ether) was purely mythologitwo kings who have been nominated ment there, for in theory no noble cal fancy, since cities, like everything by competing groups of great lords, could be put to death, being himself else, were required by the prevailing "and the subsequent history of the a free agent. - Nobody else in the

scientific theory to be the product of kingdom is fraught wit;h revolts and state was free, all others existing

a slow and gradual evolution/ rebellions on the part of the king's simply to serve and support the noBut to return to our Ugaritic texts kinsmen.""It is the old Jaredite bles. Workers were bound to the land

of five hundred years earlier. In story all over again! and could not marry outside the esthem "the currents of the Semitic and The Hittite kings, like the Jaredites, estate on which they lived. - "The

IndoEuropean worlds crossed. The exchanged messengers and letters Hittite state was the creation of an

Semitic cultural elements... included with rivals whom they challenged to exclusive caste superimposed on the

a strong admixture from Mesopotamia. personal combat and whose followers indigenous population of the counThe IndoEuropean elements emthey tried to "draw off."Thus the try."o -g xeOidL of a king who punbraced the Hittite and especially the greatest Hittite ruler writes to his ished a perjurer by taking his sword

Minoan."Since those words were equally great Hurrian rival: "The from his side and making him a

written, we have learned that the people of Kizzuwatna are Hittite catfarmer. - With intriguing princes all

Minoans were our cousins the Greeks. tle and have chosen their stable; they about, revolution was always just

All the great races and cultures of anhave deserted the Hurrian and gone around the corner, and the king was tiquity seem here to be mixed up toover to My Majesty."* Among the actually the leader of an army of

gether in an heroic "swarmingtime."Hittites "the king's kinsmen, called occupation. We are told that the first

And the figures of the Old Testathe 'Great Family,'enjoyed special Hittite king, after subduing the whole ment are in it with the rest: privileges, which they constantly land, sent his sons "each to every

abused. "The usual things happart of the land... and governed

The importance of the epic tradition underlying prose bibhcal history down to pened: when a Hittite king was the land, and the great cities of the

David's reign, though long surmised, is first actually taking Babylon about 1600 land were assigned to them."- The

beginning to take concrete shape.... We B.C., his son the crown prince was empire was a mesh of fortified cities,

are now able to see that an epic approach leading a conspiracy of princes these cities actually being but perstage) epic underlying (if not our an actual of against him at home; the unfilial son manent fortified camps to which the affected the contentprose has accounts

presolomonic Hebrew history. was banished but his youthful sucking would summon all his vassals

cessor was murdered upon returning to take the oath to him before setting

In the composition of this history home from a campaign by hh brothout on the spring campaign. Each

Gordon finds "a distinctive epic attier-inlaw. This set off "a sorry city controlled the very active busitude,"which gives priority in the hisperiod of palace murders and inness and commercial life of the emtories to those things which would trigues... which lasted for several pire (for the Hittites were great

"be included in the epic repertoire generations and reduced the kingdom businessmen) through its "city mes-... events of epic allure,"which ento a condition little short of ansengers,"and special commissioners.

joys a conspicuous place in the prearchy."In one letter we read of a The more important centers had in

Solomonic histories. noble who came as a fugitive to the each a prince and a palace, the palace,

Hittite king from the oppression of being both temple, fortress, and "a

The Hittites and Others the great lord Attarissiyas (identified transmission and control center for by Forrer with the Greek hero the passage of wares. "* So let us

Until the 1920's all that was known Atreus). The Hittite king bestowed not imagine that there was anything

about the Hittites was that Abraham a dukedom on his noble suppliant {Continued on page 745) 712 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THEfamiliesLARGESTof todaysinglemakepurchaseis usuallymost a home. Because home purchases

are a oncein-a-lifetime proposition for most families, they do not always consider the many implications which are involved in home purchase and home ownership. This is especially

true of young couples who are buying their first home. They sometimes

walk blindly into a purchase only to regret it a short time later, and many times the costs involved are more than the family can meet. The

purchase of a new home is easier tothe house and land should not ex sidcred. These alone may total five

day than ever before, and because ceed two and onehalf times the an hundred dollars and are in addition of this young couples are liable to nual income of the head of the house to the down payment. Also, don't

take on financial hold. If one's an forget your deposits on utilities, your

obligations which nual income is draperies and blinds, landscaping, they cannot af- $6,000, one should clothesline poles, floor coverings, and ford. They usualnot consider a furnishings. If furnishings must be

failly to consider financed, the costing more home income must be proin iv'.v involveditems higher. Alportionately than $15,000.

home purchasing so, one must preMany other considerations must be such as taxes, insume that his intaken into account before one pursurance, assesscome will remain chases a home. Items such as deed

ments, heat and stable at $6,000 restrictions, understood by very few, utilities, repairs each year (or go may cause a couple to lose their home.

and maintenance, higher) during the Deeds and other papers should be and cost of transterm of the mortread carefully and thoroughly to avoid portation to place gage. any misunderstanding. Buyers should

of employment. In Cash outlays insist on title insurance, which is

many instances these are in addition during the initial purchase and ocusually provided by the seller at his to the monthly payments necessary cupancy period usually amount to expense.

to amortize the mortgage. more than the down payment. Items The over -all cost of a home can be

How large an obligation one is such as appraisal fee, title search, reduced considerably by paying off financially capable of assuming varies escrow charges, mortgage recording the mortgage principal as fast as with the individual family. However, fee, tax on mortgage or deed, and possible; for example, the home owner

bankers state that the initial cost of moving expenses should be conpays $142 more interest on each $1,000 borrowed at 4I/2 percent if a loan runs for twenty years instead of fifteen. Total interest on a loan of COST OF THE HOME $10,000 at 41/2 percent for twenty

years would amount to $5,190, while the fifteen loan for same years would only $10.000 be thirty In $3,770. years the

interest would nearly equal the principal at $8,241.20.

A case in point would be two famFAMILY A FAMILY B ilies with a $10,000 mortgage to length of Mortgage Contract length of Mortgage Contract amortize.its loan offOnein fifteenfamily years.desires Itto willpay

total interest a pay of $3,770.

second 15 YEARS 25 YEARS desires to pay A family, who its loan off in twentyfive years, will pay a total interest of $6,677. Not

Interest Paid Interest Paid only will the first family have ownership of the home ten years prior to it also will have saved $3,770 $6,677 the second, but $2,907 in interest payments.

Another vital point to consider in

Family A saves $2,907 In Interest payments and longterm home financing is interest rates. The owner of a mortgage in

jainjTOrshJi the amount of $10,000 who pays 6 (Concluded an page 744) OCTOBER 1956 713 Meliton Gonzalez Trejo TRANSLATOR OF THE BOOK OF MORMON

INTO SPANISH

by K. E. Duke

engrossed in his work that the real purpose of his trip was temporarily forgotten until he was stricken with a severe illness. Serious reflection

Meliton Gonzalez Trejo during his long period of hospitalization reminded him of his object in coming to the Philippines. He became determined to go to the Rocky

Mountains. That night he asked the

Lord in fervent prayer to help him in his quest for truth and to make His will known concerning him.

That night Meliton had a dream

MELiTON Gonzalez Trejo was ferred the army. He was given a which satisfied him completely and

born March 10, 1843, in the liberal education, graduating from the which he always considered exceedtown of Gargantala-Olla, provmilitary school as alferez and becomingly sacred. It is believed that he

ince of Caceres, a part of the old ing an officer in the royal army while never revealed this dream to anyone region of Extremadura in western yet a young man, and receiving the except Brigham Young.

Spain. He was a descendant of the degree—Docteur de L'Universite of As soon as he was able to put his

ancient family of Trejo whose proBordeaux, France. His superior eduarmy affairs in order, he sewed two

genitors came to Spain during Roman cation and training, together with thousand dollars in bills inside his times as governors. Many of his forethe wealth and prominence of his vest and booked passage for America.

bears were known to history through father's family,, gave him prestige Landing in San Francisco on July 4, their contributions to the military among his associates. More important 1874, he set out immediately for Salt

and religious life of Spain. still, these opportunities helped to Lake City.

Sir Pedro Fernando de Trejo was prepare him to accomplish later an Although Meliton was welledu- a general of the armies of the kingunusual and important work in the cated and could read English, he had dom of Galicia. Sir Fernando Trejo Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday not had occasion to speak it. How

was one of the captains who aided Saints. was he to receive the truth which he

King Ferdinand in conquering the In spite of his active military life, sought in an Englishspeaking comMoors at Seville, which victory led Meliton often thought seriously about munity?

to the establishment of the modern religion. In his searches and readings Donning his Spanish officers'unistate of Spain. After the conquest, he was unable to find anything or form and walking around the streets

Sir Fernando Trejo established the talk to anyone whose beliefs and of Salt Lake City, he attracted conancient family in the Valley of teachings satisfied his religious desires siderable attention. Finally a Brother

Concha near the city of Burgos in and feelings. One day he heard a Blanchard, a native Frenchman who

Old Castille. Later, the family moved fellow officer make a remark about a was then a teacher of romance lanto western Spain whence came Angroup of "Saints"in the Rocky Mounguages at Brigham Young Academy,

tonio de Trejo who became Bishop of tains who were led there by a prophet in Provo, spoke to him in Spanish,

Cartegena in 1618 and Franciscan of God. Pondering over this stateMeliton at once made his desires

Commissar of the Indies of his order. ment, Meliton was filled with an known to Brother Blanchard who acOne of his relatives was a cardinal urgent desire to see these people. Incompanied him to his hotel where

in the Catholic Church, and many spired with this feeling, he petitioned they could talk without interruption.

participated in the military and rethe queen for permission to accomAt last Meliton had found the pearl ligious conquest of the New World. pany a military expedition which was for which he had been searching.

With this illustrious family backshortly to leave for the Philippine Brother Blanchard taught Meliton the ground combined with wellabove- Islands (then belonging to Spain). restored gospel and introduced him

average wealth, Meliton Gonzalez He hoped that this would afford him to Brigham Young and other Church

Trejo was given many advantages. an opportunity to visit America, parleaders.

His parents wanted him to follow a ticularly Salt Lake City. Relating the story of his life as

career in the church, but Meliton preIn the Philippines he became so well as his sacred dream to Brigham 714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Young, Meliton said his most fervent farm, his cattle, especially his mis- a company, and they rode out of desire was to translate the Book of sionary trips to the neighboring states town under the cover of darkness.

Mormon into the Spanish language of Sonora and Durango. He loved to When Elder Trejo returned, he

and to carry the gospel to his people. go up into the mountains where he found rebels in charge of the town.

His desire was to be realized. Using could commune with the Lord in his They shot at him several times before

the money which he had saved, Meliown "sacred grove"as did the Prophhe succeeded in shouting to them in ton retired for a time, during which et Joseph Smith. He loved his family Spanish that he was not to be contime he translated the Book of Morand was the father of four more chilsidered a foreigner. He was allowed

mon into Spanish, beginning in 1874 dren born in Mexico. to live under the stipulation that he

and completing it in 1875. He also Meliton tried to share the gospel would teach school for several months

translated the Voice of Warning by with everyone including his family without compensation. This he did,

Parley P. Pratt into Spanish. At the back in Spain. But they, with the while continuing the search for his

end of this period of work, Meliton exception of one brother, would have valuable box of papers. After several

presented the translation to the nothing more to do with him. From months, however, he considered his

Church as a gift in partial recompense this brother he obtained many of the search fruitless, so with the aid of for the joy and happiness which the genealogical records of his family many of the Mexican converts who gospel had brought to him. He only from which he obtained the neceswere always loyal to their great

had fifty cents left in his pocket, but sary information to have temple work teacher, he was able to cross the he was more than satisfied. done for his deceased relatives. Howborder once again and return to his

Not long after this, May 29, 1884, ever, many of these records and alfamily in Arizona, who did not know

Meliton was married to Emily Jones most every worldly possession were whether he was alive or dead until in the Logan Temple. But he was lost to the family when the revolution he walked in eight months after all

not to remain in Utah long. Along began to foment in Mexico. Americans were supposedly out of

with several other men, Elder Trejo Many of the Mormon settlers along Chuichupa.

was called to open up missionary with other foreigners were to see their Elder Meliton Gonzalez Trejo lived some five years longer on his farms inwork in Mexico—the other part of houses burned, their horses, cattle,

his dream coming true. Returning and agricultural tools stolen, and their St. David and Benson, Arizona, before

to Logan in 1887, after an extremely own lives put in considerable jeopardy he finally succumbed to nephritis inspiring and productive mission, he by Pancho Villa and others. How- (Bright's disease) on April 29, 1917,

settled down to a more normal life ever, Elder Trejo was able to take his at the age of seventyfour while visiton the farm. family out of Mexico by team and ing at the home of one of his daughBut his talents in language and wagon as far as St. David, Arizona, ters, Mrs. Heber C. Kimball of Willliterature were not to be wasted. He where he had a small farm. But cox, Arizona. A few days later he

was engaged as a teacher at the Lattimes were difficult, and there were was buried in the little cemetery terday Saints'College in the old Somany mouths to feed. Leaving the across the highway from his farmcial Hall on State Street and at the family with the eldest son, Elder house in St. David, Arizona.

He was survived by his widow andUniversity of Deseret (now UniverTrejo tried to find work in Douglas sity of Utah) in Salt Lake City. One and Bisbee, Arizona. But work was six of the ten children who were

of his students during this period hard to secure, so he walked the born to them. His beautiful wife

(189293) was Mabel Cooper Cain. seventyfive miles back to St. David. Emily died January 28, 1953, and

St. side his in at buried David, was "President wrote:She Woodruff to After a decided few months he Still living Arizona. are Trejo Sarah Trejo's of sothought Elder much if into to see go back could Mexico he of Angeles, Kimball Telford Losability of necessity the boys our and of his possessions. salvage not some Calif.; of Milton Trejo Mesa, Joseph girls this availing of themselvesand Particularly to recover anxious he was

St. of Arizona; Trejo Jared David, that sent opportunity,wonderful he all large a his box contained which Arizona, of present president and the fifty 'B'letters to thatout Box numof his records the manuscript and Isabel Arizona Southern Stake; Trejo

of students, female.ber male and translation of of the Book Mormon. Calif.; Fisher of Angeles, Los Em- 'B'calls letters in those daysBox were his of took sons one back with him He of Leroy Trejo Arizona; manuel Mesa,

it feltfor missions, that and was we to spent time Chuichupa and some Inez of Salt Trejo and Avah Dunn that. Professorjust that Trejo was for his looking valued box among City, as as Lake well twentyninethe correspondent of wrote village. of ruins the charred the But him—all grandchildren, their together with fullymild, kindly gentleman and all for final the order soon came posterity. numerous

of in the did our hecapable work leave to or at Americans once be Meliton Trejo Gonzales indeed was allclasses. gave loved and him We killed.

him the honor due such a gifted a remarkable man. A person of slight

man."When the final word came. Elder staturehair, andwithbluea lighteyes,complexion,he was deeplyblond

Trejo was not in the village to rereligious, a sincere searcher for truth,

When the Latterday Saints began ceive it. He had gone back to his uncompromising with evil, and exto colonize in Mexico, Elder Trejo grove in the mountains to fast and ceedingly brave. Neither his moral

was again set apart as a missionary pray for a few days. His son pronor his physical courage ever failed

to that land. Taking his wife and tested violently against leaving withor faltered. His acceptance of the gosfour children with him, he settled in out his father, but the boy could not pel and especially his missionary

Chuichupa, Chihuahua, where he was be left there all alone with the rebels labors in Mexico involved severe to remain for approximately eleven coming at any moment. Bishop Sevey physical and financial hardships, but

years. He loved the country, his organized the little group of men into (Concluded on page 753)

OCTOBER 1956 715 JEAN Farrell looked again at the check Richard had given her that morning. She had the money at

last to buy the dress for her mother's seventieth birthday. Howard always

brought Mother something nice, and

Emily showered her with lovely things. But for years Jean had never

given her a present. It wasn't that

she hadn't wanted to, but she just hadn't been able to. The others had

done so much for their mother, especially Emily.

Friday, day after tomorrow, would be an important day—a highlight in

Mother's life. And Jean would do

everything in her power to make it the great occasion it should be, including presenting the dress.

She had a guilty feeling though, knowing the check should go to Dr.

Anderson in part payment on their bill. And she wished again futilely

there was some other way to raise the money.

The idea of using the check had crossed Jean's mind several times in the past week, but she had rejected it. The doctor should have been paid

ago.long talked But at last she had happened, nurse?'

it over with Richard, they and had Jean fought down her fear. "What—what

decided to buy the dress.

Richard wanted to do something special for her mother as much as she did. Mother had always been so good

to them. During Jean's long illness

when she lost little Linda, and hadto stay in bed so long, she didn't birthday know how she could have managed without Mother.

You wouldn't think it could be so difficult to get so small an amount. This one time though she intended Yesterday she'd made up her mind

Weeks ago she'd thought she could to be extravagant. She would make what she must do, she had phoned

do it. She'd tried saving dimes and her mother's seventieth birthday a day the store and had Miss Hansen put

nickles from her housekeeping allowto remember. All she'd ever done for it away for her.

ance. By constant planning and her was take her to a show or have It was going to be so wonderful,

shopping for specials she'd been able her for dinner. Once she'd invited having the whole family together

to save some. But each time she had Mother's two sistersin-law and one again.

a few dollars ahead, some member of her close friends for the afternoon, Emily hadn't been home for so of the family had been in need of and Mother had seemed very pleased. long, but she was definitely coming

something, and she'd helped. The dress would be just what this time. Jean thought her sister

And with Rickey in his third year of Mama wanted. Last Monday when would surely have been on the eleven

college and Marilyn in her first year, the two of them had gone to the o'clock plane this morning, but she it took a lot to get along. And next market to shop, they had stopped to hadn't arrived. Something had deyear Jimmie would be in high school. admire a navy and white dress in tained her, but she would be in for

Marilyn had worked Saturdays and Madsen's store window. It had a sure in the morning.

sometimes after school as Rickey did, touch of red piping and a red flower Jean brushed her short curly hair but she'd had to quit her job since on the shoulder. Jean knew how that had once been dark as Emily's

January when she had the flu. The lovely it would be with Mother's but was now generously sprinkled

doctor had advised it. Then Richard white hair and delicate skin. The with gray. Her gray eyes looked back

had been down with the flu for two red would give it just the right touch from the mirror with a half wistful weeks, too, and somehow with all of youthfulness. She had checked the expression. She smiled back at hertheir illnesses, they'd never quite paid size and price when her mother was self. You'd think she was feeling

the doctor. shopping in the drug department. sorry for herself or envious of Emily.

716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Her sister did have a charmed life. She went down the hall and looked she felt the color ebb from her face

Jean couldn't have a trip to Europe in Marilyn's door when she was ready as she sank into the chair by the as her sister had last year, nor one to to leave. phone.

South America the year before that. Her daughter in plaid shirt and The nurse's voice was speaking reBut she had so much—a devoted blue jeans sat at her desk working assuringly, "Don't be alarmed, Mrs.

husband and fine children! And she on her English assignment. She Farrell, but Rickey has had a little

vas near Mama if she needed her. looked up at her mother and grinned. accident. He's here now in the office

At Christmas time Emily hadn't "Will I be glad when this is done! with the doctor."

been able to come home because of My English prof thinks there aren't Jean fought down her fear. "What

some social engagements important any other subjects in the curriculum—what happened, nurse?"

to Bill. His boss had been giving a except his. How long will you be. "He's broken his arm, Mrs. Farrell;

big party Christmas Eve, and they Mom? May I take the car a few minhe's having it X-rayed now."

had to put in an appearance. But utes when you get back?""I'll be right down, nurse. Tell

Em had sent such wonderful gifts to The telephone was ringing downRickey I'll be there right away to all of them. Some of the extravagant stairs, and Marilyn took the steps in bring him home."

ones she had given to Mama, Jean a bound. She placed the receiver back and

suspected, were hidden away in a "Hello,"she said in her softest sat for a moment shaken, half sick.

drawer, her mother feeling they were voice. Poor Rickey! She hoped fervently it

too fine to wear before her friends. But the call was for Jean. wouldn't be a bad break.

But Em was so used to beautiful "Some lady. Mom,"she said in an She was aware that Marilyn had

things. utterly bored way, handing her mothcome back and stood beside her.

is it, Mom?"she asked in a A year ago last Christmas Emily er the receiver. "What

had sent train fare and insisted that She's wasted her charm, Jean hushed, anxious way.

her mother come to California to thought amusedly and tried not to "It's Rickey. He's broken his arm.

spend the holidays with them. Mama smile. He must have slipped lugging some of

crisp, businesslike voice asked, that heavy office stuff around, I guess.had gone but returned much sooner A

it happened."than Jean had expected. They were "Is this Mrs. Farrell?"I don't know how

very sweet and had done so much for "Yes.""Jeepers!"

her, but she was lonely for her own "This is Dr. Anderson's nurse "Marilyn, you'll have to get the

home and Jean's family, she had excalling."There was a sickening feelgroceries while I go to the doctor's

plained. She told Jean how Buddy ing in the pit of Jean's stomach, and office. Run now and get your coat

while I drive the car out."

Walking out to the garage, Jean was utterly dejected.

She couldn't buy the dress for

Mama now. The check in her purse

would have to go to the doctor. There

would be X-ray expense, too. But thePresent expense didn't matter if only Rickey's

by Leone E. McCune arm would be all right.

As she backed the car out, Marilyn and Rosalee, her two teenage grandstood waiting in the driveway, and children, had taken her twice to a they drove into town. She gave her

show when Emily and Bill had had the list of groceries and the money to some important parties. shop while she went into the doctor's

Now Jean put on her dress and office. "When you've finished, we'll probcoat. She could use a new dress herself, she thought with wry amuseably be ready, too, dear,"Jean called

ment. So many of the clothes she as Marilyn drove off.

The doctor's office was closed Wedwore had once been Em's. She

laughed a little. Her sister did have.nesday afternoon, but Rickey had eviexcellent taste. Maybe later she could dently arrived before he left. The

get some material on a sale and make place was empty, and Jean sank into one for herself or better still maybe one of the chairs.

Em would bring some she had disShe waited restlessly for what seemed a long time before the nurse carded. finally came out.

Jean hadn't heard a sound from "It was his left arm, fortunately,

Marilyn's room all the while she'd Mrs. Farrell, and the bone wasn't

been dressing. There was an imsplintered. A good clean break, the

portant faculty meeting being held doctor says,"she smiled. "It will be

that afternoon, and Marilyn had come a little while before he's ready to go home at 1 o'clock. Rickey had gone home."

down to Phillip's Office Supply to "Is Rickey all right otherwise, work as he did whenever the oppornurse?"

tunity arose. {Continued on following page)

OCTOBER 1956 717 Birthday Present

(Continued from preceding page) would walk in. Had the plane aron, dear. She sends her love and

"A few scratches and a bruise or rived early and Em come by taxi? hopes you'll have a wonderful day.

two. Nothing serious,"she smiled. She hurried to the door. Mama,"Jean smiled reassuringly.

Jean handed her the check, and the An expressman stood there with a Mrs. Ashley said nothing but

nurse disappeared into the inner oflarge package. She signed for it just walked slowly back to the kitchen

fice. as her mother came up the walk. with Jean.

When Rickey's arm was set, Mari- "It's for you, Mrs. Ashley, from Em "But look what she's sent, Mama

lyn arrived, and all drove home and Bill,"she called gaily. "I guess this huge box of goodness knows how

together. it was simpler to have the store send many wonderful things. And she'll

Friday was here—dear Mama's it than bring it along."be here some time soon, for sure."

seventieth anniversary! Jean had ex- "How are you, dear? Happy birthJean rambled on, but she was aware

pected Emily definitely yesterday, but day. Mama, and many, many of of her mother's silence, her deep hurt.

she hadn't arrived. Howard wouldn't them,"Jean said as she kissed her. She looked up and was startled by

come until early evening. She could- "Thank you, my dear,"Jane Ashthe utter sadness of her face. She

n't understand about Emily. She ley said, her smooth face wreathed in hadn't heard a word Jean had been

hoped some member of the family smiles. saying.

wasn't ill. Her letter early in the They went into the house. "Emily has been so good to you.

week had said she would be home "Emily hasn't called yet, I guess?"Mama,"Jean said in defense of her

Wednesday. Something had delayed she questioned Jean. sister. "She sent you so many beauher. But Jean knew she would be in "No, it's a little early."tifulthings. She's helped all of us

on the eleven o'clock plane today. "I hope you aren't going to a lot so much. Now,"she said cheerfully,

Rickey was getting along nicely of trouble. But I'm afraid you are,""let's see what she's given you this

with his broken arm; poor kid, he'd she protested gently, walking over to time."And she tore the outer wrapbeen so upset, knowing the expense it inspect the cake on the small buffet. pings away from the package. She

would be. But the accident had hap- "It's beautiful, Jean,"she smiled lifted out small boxes beautifully

pened so quickly. warmly on her daughter. wrapped, containing hose, hankies, a

Jean rose at six o'clock to make the "Aren't you dying to open your nylon slip, a larger one held a navy angel food cake. You could buy the package. Mama?"Jean wanted to blue purse.

whites for twentyseven cents a pint know. "How nice this will look with your

at Carr's ice cream store. It made a "Of course,"her mother said as coat, Mama!"Jean thought regretwonderful cake for so little money! they went into the kitchen. fully of the dress she had wanted to

She had tinted the fluffy icing a Jean placed the box on the table buy.

delicate pink. From her pink potted and brought the scissors. She cut The last and larger box Jean

geranium plant she had taken the the string just as the doorbell rang opened with consuming curiosity. She

one pink blossom and a few leaves agam. moved the tissue paper away and

to decocate the large glass plate on That must be Em this time, and lifted up a dress—a navy and white

which she placed the cake. It looked she rushed to the door again, her print, a beautiful dress.

beautiful. She made a tray of openmother right behind her. The shock of seeing that dress, so

faced sandwiches and set them in the But a messenger boy stood there much like the one she had wanted to refrigerator. with a telegram in his hand. Jean buy for her mother, was too much

At tenthirty she phoned the airtook it while fear and anxiety clutched for Jean. She hadn't wanted to, but

port and learned that the plane would her. Someone must be ill or even she dropped the dress on the table

be in on time. worse. She tore the envelope open and burst into tears. An unconMama would be along any minute, as she closed the door. Her mother trollable sob shook her, and she sank

now. She had wanted to help Jean stood looking at her anxiously. into the nearest chair.

with the preparations, but Jean Jean read it quickly, and her heart Mrs. Ashley got up, staring at her

wouldn't hear of it. As soon as sank. No one was ill or dead, but daughter in alarm.

Emily phoned, the two of them would Emily wasn't coming. Emily wasn't "Jeanie, dear, what is the matter?"

go to the airport to meet her. coming! She couldn't believe what she asked in a bewildered voice. "Why

Jean brought out her loveliest she read. are you crying?"

luncheon cloth, the best silver and "Everyone is all right, dear,"she She placed her arm tenderly across china. said soothingly to Mrs. Ashley. "But Jean's shoulders.

It was going to be wonderful with Emily isn't coming."She saw the "The things are so nice, don't you

just the three of them. It had been light go out of her mother's face, think?"she asked timidly. Then after

so long since they were together. leaving it bleak and old. a moment's pause, "But I don't really

She could already see the pink glow Jean hurried on to explain that need the dress. It would look much

of her mother's delicate features as some very important and influential nicer On you anyway. We're the

they sat at the table, and Emily so friends had invited Emily and Bill to same size."

fashionably dressed, her dark eyes the Sierras for skiing over the weekJean's head came up at last.

sparkling as she talked! end, and Bill felt they were obligated "Mama, I was going to give you

The ringing of the doorbell startled to accept the invitation. that navy and white print we saw in

her. It wouldn't be her mother. She "But Em will come a little later (Concluded on page 736)

71'8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA yourself and those about you relaxing. After this happens a few times,

meeting strangers becomes a pleasant opportunity rather than a frightening task. DEVELOPING SELFCONFIDENCE Getting acquainted with people

does not require vast knowledge or friendliness by Frances Carfi Alatranga cleverness or artifice—just

and a bit of confidence in self; for instance, if you are meeting a woman

YOU ever entered a roomful next time she went to a party, she for the first time and are stumped for

HAVEof people and felt flustered, tense, remembered those words, and instead something scintillating to say but are ill at ease? Do you envy others of giving in to panic she took a deep enchanted by her extremely long

lashes, by all means tell her so. Whytheir poise? Take heart—almost breath and told herself, "I'm not the

everyone suffers to a certain degree only one in this room who is shy. not? Everyone enjoys a compliment.

from shyness and feelings of inferiThere are plenty of others like me."Just be sincere, and you'll have started

ority at one time or another. No one It worked and still works today. the conversational ball rolling; you'll

is sure of himself all of the time. ReWith all her apparent poise and ashave given the other person's morale

member that. It helps to know that surance, she still repeats those words a small boost, and you'll have given

the other fellow, whether he shows to herself before entering a roomful yourself a start in the direction toit or not, may be feeling exactly as of people wards gaining selfconfidence.

you feel. Whenever meeting strangers, reAnother helpful aid for those sufOne of the most charming and assure yourself, as Laura does, that fering from shyness or twinges of inseemingly selfconfident women in the the other fellow is no different from feriority is to tell yourself you're as

in all probability he feels good as the next fellow and believe it.world—we'll call her Laura for the you, that

is as anxious as you You are, you know. To progress itsake of identification—is neither as uncertain and

pretty nor especially smart nor what are to make a good impression. Sometakes a positive personality, and of

you would call chic. Yet she moves one has to make the first friendly gescourse to acquire that positive perthrough the world as though it were ture—it may as well be you. sonality you must first of all have conthis way of fidence in yourself; as an example, lether living room—a living room filled You'd be surprised how

with friends. thinking will help you to "break the us consider a young man who at one

At parties she immediately spots ice."It worked wonders for Laura time was studying voice and attendthe lonely, shy person and gives her and can do the same for you. Think ing auditions in New York City. He

special attention. Whether it is an this way, and before long the wall of knew he could sing, and that his voice

strangers was pleasing, but whenever he arrivedacquaintance or a stranger—Laura reserve that stands between

easily will draw the shy individual will start to crumble and you'll find (Concluded on page 736) into the group of which she is a part. She'll remain at the side of

her new acquaintance until she relaxes'and is drawn into the conversation, then off she'll go again, being helpful and putting people at their ease. She does this not only at

her own parties, but also at those given by other people. Hostesses

adore her.

This woman has learned to put herself into the other person's place.

At one time she, too, was tortured by diffidence. Parties were an ordeal

where girls ignored her and boys only danced with her when they had to.

Then one day her mother remarked, "Don't you know, my dear, that almost everyone is shy and lonely and unsure of himself to a certain degree?

That's why we give and go to parties—to be with people and win

their approval. The trouble is that

very often when people do get together, they don't know what to do about it, and so no one makes that first friendly gesture that is so important in breaking the ice."—A Monkmeyer Photo

thorthis speech digested Laura

It sense. lot ofoughly. made a The friendlinessGetting andacquainteda bit of withconfidencepeopleindoesself. not require vast knowledge or cleverness—just

OCTOBER 1956 719 MIA READINQ COURSE: JESUS THE CHRISTIV

,t-',";,|g;',j,.,-f /It -':>-'-'<'i-'Xc-

.-..,,;"Sr,-;,l;;,-r

The Birth|>lace of he Son of God

'- h JJoyle-L: Green

MANAGING EDITOR

/SifUrd-y<ti:

THEplanTIMEof salvationhad comefor inthetheSongreatof theGreeklanguagegames wereof playedthe cultured,in all lands.and theand thronepeace thereof David,shall beandno end,uponuponhis

God, the Creator of the world, to Undoubtedly the Egyptians, the kingdom, to order it, and to estabcome to earth and be its Savior. He Assyrians, the Syrians, and the Babylish it with judgment and with justice

was to teach the gospel, establish his lonians remembered the days of their from henceforth even for ever."

Church, die for the sins of mankind, glory and looked forward to the time Jeremiah had prophesied "Behold, and make it possible for all men to be when they would again rule the the days come, saith the Lord, that I resurrected, and for all good men to world. Had they been looking for a will raise unto David a righteous

return to the presence of their HeavSavior to be born, surely they would Branch, and a King shall reign and enly Father. Where in all the world have pointed towards Alexandria or prosper, and shall execute judgment

should this great event, the birth of Aleppo or Babylon. and justice in the earth.""

the King of glory, take place? But had you been a member of the The prophet Micah had even disIf you had been a Roman, in the tribe of Judah, there would have been closed the town where the Savior

days of which we speak, you would no question in your mind as to where would be born: "But thou, Bethlehem

surely have said, "The King must be the King should be born. For generaEphratah, though thou be little

born in Rome!"This was the age of tions the Jews had been looking for among the thousands of Judah, yet

the Romans. For many years the lethe arrival of a King. It is doubtful, out of thee shall he come forth unto

gions of Marius, Pompeii, Julius however, that any of them had the me that is to be ruler in Israel;..'."

Caesar, and Augustus had spread slightest conception of the true misFrom the days of Abraham some blood over the earth until Rome was sion of this King. They were awaiting 2000 years before, the Lord had prethe undisputed and almost unchal- a "King of the Jews,"who would depared a righteous people in anticipalenged ruler of the world. From east liver them from the hands of their tion of this great event. In spite of

of the Caspian Sea and the Persian captors and bring back the glory of wars, captivities, and famines, this

Gulf to the Atlantic Ocean, and from the days of David and Solomon. righteous line had been preserved and

Ethiopia on the south to the haunts Such prophets as Isaiah, Jeremiah, brought back time after time to their of the barbarians on the north, Rome Ezekiel, Hosea, Micah, and Zechariah "promised land."

ruled supreme. There was nowhere, had prophesied his coming. Isaiah, This "promised land,"which on

so people thought, a man could flee for example, had written "For unto us the most modern of our maps is called to escape the yoke of the Romans. a child is born, unto us a son is given: Israel, is better known to us as the

Had you been a Greek, you proband the government shall be upon land of Palestine or the Holy Land.

ably would have thought that the his shoulder: and his name shall be It has also been called Canaan,

Savior of the world should have been called Wonderful, Counsellor, The Judea, and the Land of Israel. Ths

born in Athens, for even though the mighty God, The everlasting Father, is the land to which Father Abraham military glory that had been theirs The Prince of Peace. was called to go when the Lord

was gone, still Greece was considered "Of the increase of his government guided him out of his native city of to be the center of learning of the enIllustration by Major Benton Fletcher, from Lionel iJsaiah 9:6-7,

tire world. The Greek language was A.Gust's& C.Jerusalem:Black, Ltd.,A HistoricalLondon. Sketch, published by 'Micah"Jeremiah5:2.23:3.

720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ur. This land was the home of the southern province of Judea is the Samaria and Galilee the country genhis son, Isaac, and his grandson, holy city of Jerusalem. It is some erally is less rugged and more pleasJacob. This was the land to which 2,500 feet above sea level, and 3,800 ant and inviting, with more springs

the Lord led the children of Israel feet above the level of the Dead Sea, and streams, greener hills, more fruitafter their deliverance from the hands which is less than fifteen miles away. ful acres, and wider valleys.

of the Egyptians. This hill country is cold from DecemEast of this range of hills is the

Let's take a brief look at the country ber to February with rain and sleet Jordan River, named the "Descender"of Palestine to see if we can underand on rare occasions even snow, because it falls so rapidly and follows stand why the Lord may have chosen though snow seldom stays on the so treacherous a course. In the 120

it as a home for his people and for ground more than an hour or two. miles from its source above the Sea of

the place of his birth. The summers are generally pleasant Galilee, to the Dead Sea, it drops

In the days before the birth of the with hot days and cool nights. The 3,000 feet, and can be forded in only

Savior, the world seemed to center Judean hills are very rugged, furnishtwo places! Near the Dead Sea

around the eastern shores of the ing natural strongholds and fortificaespecially, the scenery is spectacular,

Mediterranean Sea. This, we must retion for cities but giving way now and and the climate is very hot most

member, was some 1,300 years before then to narrow valleys where vegeof the year, with the thermometer

Marco Polo made his first trip to tables and grains are grown. Olive often reaching 120 in the shade.

China, and nearly 1,500 years before groves and vineyards adorn many of West of the mountains arc the

Columbus discovered America. The the steep hillsides. plains, which fall off rapidly to the

world was considered to be flat, and Farther north, in the provinces of (Continued on following page) the center of that world was thought by many to be in the little country of

Palestine which lay between the southeast shore of the Mediterranean

Sea and the Jordan River. Visitors to

Jerusalem are still shown beneath the dome of a church in that city, a marble circle upon which is a pillar marking "the exact center of the world."

It seems surprising that a country that has been so important in the history of the world could be so small.

The boundaries of this land have changed through the years, but generally speaking, the country has consisted of some ten thousand square miles, an area which would fit into the state of Utah about eight and onehalf times. Even though two of the

Twelve Tribes of Israel remained on the east side of the Jordan River and at times their territory has been included in "Palestine,"during most of its history, the country has extended only to the river and from just above the ancient city of Dan on the north to the city of Beersheba on the south, a distance of some 175 air miles. At

its widest point, between the Mediterranean Sea and the Dead Sea, the little country is about sixty miles wide. This tapers off until at the

northern boundary it is about thirtyfive miles across.

The climate and geography of Palestine are fascinating to study. Although climatic conditions vary in

different parts of the country, the area is generally semitropical. A

range of mountains, or "hills,"extends the entire length of the country. These

are highest in the north and in the south where some knolls loom more than 3,000 feet above sea level. High

on the summit of these bleak hills in

OCTOBER 1956 721 of them went of their own accord to

The Birthplace of the Son of God Egypt. Historians have placed this

unhappy date of the fall of the king- (Continued from preceding page) later the Greeks Syrians, and and the dom of Judah at 587 years B. C.

shores of the Mediterranean north. on the same At the Sea. The Romans

cHmate along the Mediterranean is time it intensified the everpresent About seventy years after these sad comparable to that of eastern Florida, problem with their neighbors, the events, Cyrus, new ruler of Persia, semitropical and delightful most of Canaanites, the Philistines, the Amowhich then included Babylonia, perthe year. rites, the Amalekites, the Moabites, mitted the Jews to go back to Judea.

Because of its location on the eastand other small but ever dangerous Although many preferred to stay, ern coast of the Mediterranean and tribes within or near their own some 42,000 did return under the further because it is hemmed in by borders. leadership of Zerubbabel, and later

their rebuilt holy Nehemiah. Theydeserts the the south on and Jordan strife of of periods the During one city in temple which and been had east, theRiver Palestine on has been the kingdoms. between two King Ahaz ruins three score those through and fora the nations highway down of the treasures took remaining Judah this ten fact reyears. that The ages. the pleasantthrough and The of of the temple palace and Solomon restoration markable accomwaslevel coastal ideal area formed an raided already (which been had and plished people by born been had who for travelers, traders,passageway and pillaged occasions, once two by on of their captivity in the land showsarmies. the given country has This the Egyptians again the and by for their to love the devotion and of tothe in being able advantage keep to northern the Askingdom) pay traditions their of teachings and all cultures of thetouch with the syrians assistance. for the north on fathers. It areas. alsosurrounding led has of the the This marked end kingdom

to problems of which we shall speak of Israel. Shalmaneser, king of As the years passed, the strong nalater. Assyria, after completely conquering tions around Palestine began to lose

As -was indicated above, under the country, determined to be troumore and more of their influence. The

Kings David and Solomon, Palestine bled with this people no more. He recourse of empires was moving westhad been a great nation. Occasioned moved the Israelites from the area ward, and the Greeks, under Alexby the peace and prosperity which he and scattered them so completely that ander the Great, and later the

enjoyed, Solomon built a great temple they came to be known as the "Ten Romans came into power. In the

and a fabulous palace, bringing riches Lost Tribes of Israel."meantime, the Syrians, during one of

their Egypt, neverending with wars all of to thefrom world adorn known of the people Meanwhile, Judah in B. 170 C. about attacked Jerusalem, furnish a them.and navy had He

fortified the walled with and mounit, of people the captured put manyat sea of consisting an and army city their of tain strongas Jerusalem to the sword, carried once again and chariots1,400 12,000 horsemen. and hold, identity. their maintained But off of treasures the temple. the Just all king"So the exceeded Solomon

little of the Palestine country conlater, years armies two again the same of for for thekings riches earth and to a tinued not only be highway, but its city, laid to siege killed of the mostwisdom.

battlefield also for in a the kingdoms inhabitants, the temple. sacked and all earth the sought to "And Solothe south. the north Crushed and these In order to keep in people hand, to his hearmon, wisdom, which forces, these opposing between someof they stationed soldiers garrison a in his heart."* put hadGod to times one, to turning sometimes city. in the

The political history of the Holy another, Judah was reduced to a

Land from the death of Solomon vassal state, often having to pay But the children of Judah were down to a few years before the birth tribute to its "protector."still not beaten. Under the leaderfather,of the Savior, is a story of war, inFinally, the Babylonian king, ship of the Maccabees—a

trigue, murder, captivity, plundering, Nebuchadnezzar, resolved to end once Mattathias of the house of the strife, and struggle. and for all the problem of Jerusalem, Hasmoneans and five fearless sons,

Soon after Solomon's death the so he sent his armies to capture it. John, Simon, Judas, Eleazar, and

rebelled and drovekingdom fell to pieces. Two of SoloBut the city was so strong and so Jonathan—they

mon's sons, Rehoboam and Jeroboam, wellfortified that it took eighteen the enemy out of their holy city. For

in their struggle for power, brought months to starve the people into subabout a hundred years the Jews maintheir victained independence, were of a tribes ofabout separation the mission. for a sad day it was What

battle, in torious so prospered andIsrael in tribe of the north the from people this noble the Babywhen of visions returnthat they had much tribe of the small BenjaandJudah finally lonian armies their gained min in the south, and from that day victory! Most of the city was deing to the power and glory of their

forward they were never again restroyed; the walls were torn down; nation under David and Solomon.

united. The split in the kingdom not and the great palace and temple The descendants of the Maccaonly caused continual wars between which Solomon had built some 470 bees fought among themselves for

the southern kingdom, or Judah, as years earlier were laid waste. All of power, one faction appealing to Arait came to be known, and the norththe treasures of the city were hauled bia and another to Rome for assistern kingdom, Israel, but it also left the away, and the king, the priests, and ance. The Romans, who were by this

countries open to attack by large namany of the people were taken back time virtually rulers of the world, tions, such as the Egyptians, Ethioto Babylon and other nearby places came, but not as friends, and once pians, and Arabians on the south, and as captives. The destruction was so again did away with the Jewish kingthe Babylonians, the Assyrians, the complete, and the people who escaped dom. Some years afterward, Herod

4 Kings 10:23, 24. captivity so demoralized, that many (Concluded on page 736)

722 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Vv llllll

Beauty Is More Than Skin Deep

to It is of the the some authorities sum of sincerity, enthusiisWHATit? IS BEAUTY? Who Can have past.Or lookSaid unselfishness. "Beauty the asm, Emerson: and

Ask John Robert Powers, soundness of the bones... a peachIt is the product of busy days and

worldfamous authority on the subripe complexion; health of constitunights untroubled by guilty regrets.

ject. After many years of choosing tion that makes the sparkle and power Beauty is obedience to the laws of

and training beautiful models, he will of the eyes.... character gives splengood and wise and wonderful living

tell you, though it sounds trite: dor to youth."of the laws of health and happiness.

"There are certain features that Sir James Barrie says of charm (the To these add a lively search for etermost beautiful women have in comsister of beauty): "If you have it, nal truth—for the good things here

mon... a glow of health, a radiant you don't need anything else, and if for the good things hereafter—and

personality, a complete selfassurance you don't have it, it doesn't much you will surely find beauty in living, and naturalness, intellectual curiosity, matter what else you have."and be beautiful yourself. In short,

integrity, and stability of character. Beauty is largely a matter of the beauty is a reflection of what you are

"Beauty comes from within. It is thoughts we think, the deeds we do, inside yourself.

within the potentialities of almost any the food we eat, the interest we show So, if you would be beautiful gir 1. in others. BE HONEST WITH YOURSELF

I '6D is More than Skin Deep!

OCTOBER 1956 723 Illustrated hy Charles Jacohsen

ARE TEENAGERS STARVING?

DANGER ahead! Teenagers are starving! hy E. J. Ritter, Jr.

"Ridiculous! Certainly not,"say parents!

"My son has a hollow leg,"remarks one of fatigue, listlessness, irritability, and emotional mother. Another says her daughter makes a beeupsets are symptoms of malnutrition caused from

line for the refrigerator the minute she comes eating too little food and erratic eating habits.

home from school. And because of faulty eating habits, many suffer

Surely, they're well fed, what with all the from such physical problems as improper weight, money that's shelled out each week for school stunted growth, poor bone structure, bad skin, lunches and frequent raids on the refrigerator.... poor teeth, and vision difficulties,

But the truth is that many boys and girls beThe poor showing made by girls because of tween thirteen and nineteen in this "bestfed na- "haywire"eating habits is of major concern among tion in the world"are seriously undernourished. nutritionists and doctors who feel that the real

Why? consequences of teenage malnutrition may not

With plenty of pocket money and the freedom become fully apparent for years.

to eat anything they like away from home, many One immediate effect is poor resistance to inteen-agers have become meal skippers and food fectious disease, and childbirth complications can faddists. sometimes be traced to teenage malnutrition.

Nutritionists began to suspect something was Part of the blame for poor eating habits among wrong during the war when the rejection rate for girls, specialists say, can be placed at their mother's the selective service was exceptionally high. doorsteps because daughters are inclined to imiConcerned about the future health of young tate fadreducing routines. Many mothers, repeople, they began to check up on eating habits. ducing or otherwise, fail to realize they are not

In one study made by Pennsylvania State Colfeeding their teenagers enough energy and lege among 2,536 boys and girls, the researchers healthgiving foods to put them through a normal found that only twentyone percent of the teenday's activity, that although food needs vary with age boys and twelve percent of the girls were age, size, sex, and activity, teenagers need more getting the recommended food allowances. Inof many nutrients than most adults to meet the

stead, they were filling up on "empty"calories, demands of maturing bodies. They do not realize

sweets, and soft drinks, which add weight but that teenagers can "starve"on a "jitterbug diet."

provide no substantial nourishment. Complaints Something should be done!

724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A NUTRITIONIST ANSWERS

by Hazel Stevens NUTRITION CONSULTANT, UTAH STATE

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH

THEful TEENAGEof one's YEARSentire arelife.possiblyNutritionalthe mostrequireevent-

ments are not only greater than they have ever been before, but they also take on new importance when we realize that it is during or immediately following the teens that most of our young people marry and begin rearing families.

These years are characterized by rapid moveDinner ment toward physical and emotional maturity. Roast beef, large serving

There is a spurt in physical growth, an increase Potatoes, 11/2 cups of chemical substances which form in the body, Gravy, 1 cup and in the rate of cell formation. The teens are Green beans, 1 cup

years of club activity and parties, of the strenuous Salad, 1 cup exercise associated with athletics and other activiWhole wheat bread, 2 slices ties. Table fat, 1 tbsp.

Unless careful guidance is given, these increased Milk, 8 oz.

demands on the body can result in fatigue and Canned peaches, 3 halves impaired nutrition. And because the rate of development varies so much with the individual And besides that he will want, for an afteradolescent and with the age, parents should allow noon snack, a milkshake or some tomato juice

a wide margin of safety in supplying nutritional and a slice of whole wheat toast!

needs. The effect of good nutrition on vitality Spot studies in Utah and other states have

and efficiency, on mental and social attitudes, shown that there are diet deficiencies among cannot be overestimated. young people. A Pennsylvania study indicated

Teenagers need more protein, calcium, iron, that less than one half of 4750 adolescents and calories, and some vitamins than do adults. Many adults observed were receiving the amount of

parents stand openmouthed watching the amount vitamin C recommended for their respective ages of food a boy can consume. The following day's by the Food and Nutrition Board of National

menu would not be at all unusual to satisfy a Research. Kansas investigations showed that the

normal sixteenyear-old boy: mineral calcium, with other nutritives, was deficient in many teen diets. Breakfast Lunch In New York similar studies showed that teenagers, particularly girls, were the least well fed,

Sliced orange, 1 large Macaroni and cheese to lie in poor the reason seemed and much of

Cereal, (2 servings) 1 cup either said those breakfasts. of interviewed Many

Hot muffins, 3 Tomatoes, 2, sliced that they made their own breakfast because their fat, 2 slices Bread, 2 tbsp. Table or that or parents gone were to work had not up

1 fat, tbsp. Eggs, Table 2

rolls. coffee just sweet they usually had and No

1 1-2 Pudding, cup Milk, cups diets to in their lacking vitamin be proved wonder

Jam, 1 tbsp. Cookie, 1-2 C, calcium, protein, the B vitamins, and calories!

Milk, 8 oz. A Utah Experiment Station study of breakfasts

allowance recommended food gives the 738 on. page chart The 1953, of children in two junior high schools confirms the Council, Research National Nutrition Board, the Food and by

published in 1954. findings in other studies that young people at this

age (who, we must remember, have high nutritional needs) often fail to get adequate breakfasts, and that these lacks are not made up at other meals or with snacks throughout the day.

Investigations showed that some of their reasons for omitting breakfast were that they did not go to bed early enough to get needed rest—then

slept late and had not time; the meal was not

prepared for them; they had little experience in

home cookery and were at a loss in preparing (Continued on page 738) OCTOBER 1956 725 TUNED IN THE radio just in time to hear the voices of two small

I children. The trend of their conversation intrigued me, and I stopped

to listen. "I can't disturb Mother now. She's The Most Beautiful Way

writing a poem."The voice was unmistakably that of a little girl.

voice anmasculine A miniature straightforward with thisswered inof REMEMBERING terrogation, "A poem? What in the

world's a poem?"by JMirla Greemvood Thayne

There was a moment's silence. I

anticipated the answer.

"Oh, I dunno,"the little girl rethan that. It is the word picture of it manifests itself on many ways

sponded, "I think it's a lot of pretty some of the beauties in this wonder-—through the language man speaks,

words put together so they don't ful world of ours, just as a painting through the house he lives in, mean anything."is a line and color picture of them; it and through the cities he builds.

Slightly stunned, I sank down in is an expression of the beauty and Some of the meanings of life find a chair to think upon what I had meaning of life, the music of the expression through a beautiful paintheard. Not that the opinion of a soul. ing, a noble statue, or an inspired

small child on such an academic subCertain experiences have always song. Poetry, however, is the natural

ject could carry much weight, but stirred the emotions of man: the preslanguage of man in moments of deep

right down in my heart I knew that ence of beauty, the miracle of birth, feeling. It is the artistic expression

this small fry had echoed the opinion the mystery of death, the wonders of life at high tide, the music of of many adults in today's fnaterialistic and power of love. When man's thought and emotion.

world. Suddenly I wanted to cry out finer emotions are stirred, he must In a few hundred words a poem

in defense of the poets of all time find means of expression. He is not may sum up an ideal that thousands

the poets of yesterday, today, and content until he has shared his imof aspiring souls would like to live tomorrow! pressions with someone else. by. With even fewer words it may

How very wrong you are, my little Selfexpression is one of God's sing itself into a regiment, comfort girl. Poetry is much, much more greatest gifts to his children, and the discouraged, "translate the ecstasy of a bird's song,"recreate the

roseate glory of a sunset, and capture and hold the miracle of the rose's unfolding in words that may never die.

It is fallacy to think of a poet as merely a maker of rhymes. The word

itself is derived from a Greek word which means "designer, a weaver of musical words, a creator of musical thoughts."The ancient Romans used

the same word, Vates, to signify both poet and prophet.

"Poetry,"says Joseph Auslander, "is the most beautiful way of remembering what it would impoverish one to forget."How literal this becomes

when we look back into the ancient past and realize that without the prophetic voice of the poet much of our early history would have been lost, for poetry is as old as life itself.

Before men could read or write, wandering minstrels sang forth their poetic feelings, often to the accompaniment of the lyre. The words,

conceived in great emotion, satisfied

Ver Photo a latent need for expression and af-

"Poetry is the natural language of man in moments of deep feeling—the artistic expression

of life at high tide, the music of thought and emotion."726 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA forded a natural outlet for man's extaunt the earth. The poem ends joy, and faith. New and beautiful

treme joy or sorrow. People had with a brighter note, a song of hope words found their way into the hearts

wonderful memories in those faroff and promise of a new day, a restoraof men to begin their blessed fruition, days, and these old poems or sagas tion wherein: words such as charity, love, meekness,

were remembered for hundreds of kindliness, benevolence, tolerance, forfields The would unsown asyears they were passed from giveness, down of Fear and brotherhood.

Yield forth their growth, to ear. alive, Orally keptmouth to love nature's turned phenomena ills they All cease,

were at last written down to form the Those heavenly gods dwell together. of its wonders and its Creator. The

nucleus of the world's great literature poetry of the New Testament has and the means by which our earliest At this point the inquisitive reader been analyzed for clarity, for rhythm history has been preserved. pauses to ask: Did a voice from anand correct technique, and much of

To the poet nature is, and always cient Israel penetrate the stony siit has been found perfect. The

has been, a constant source of inlence of Iceland's shores, to pass down strength and simplicity of his words spiration. The ancient Norse poet, from mouth to ear the Old Testawill always remain a standard of

who is the first of whom we have any ment's revealed story of the creation, English poetry and prose and a model account, had more than his share of or were these ancient poets blessed for our best writers. Successful would

the wonders that nature so generously with prophetic vision to enable them be the poet who could write as Jesus gives to man. In Scandinavia the to prepare an unlettered people for spoke.

forces of nature are strong. Iceland, a the greater light of Christianity? "Follow me,"he said, "and I will

wild stretch of barrenness and lava, is Whatever the answer, we recognize make you fishers of men."(Matt.

engulfed many months of the year an interesting similarity while we 4:19.) With poetic beauty he called

by black tempests; yet it boasts a wild realize that these people were of God's men to his ministry.

flaming beauty in the summertime. chosen seed. "Ye are the light of the world,"

Towering high in the north ocean, Carlyle says, "A vein of poetry (Ibid., 5:14) he labeled those of his

"stern and grim,"its scenery almost exists in the hearts of all men."A flock who proselyted his word.

defies description, so huge are its snow beautiful chapter from "Bede's His- "... neither cast your pearls before

mountains, so deep its chasms. Altory (seventh century) would lead us swine,..."(Ibid., 7:6) he admonthough man's mind was clouded by ished his flock who failed to hold

superstition and fear of the forces of sacred the things of the spirit! And

nature around him, still he sang of MY SONNET PRAYER to his disciples he counseled.

the "wild flaming beauty"of his land, using startling metaphors. To him By Rae Cross And why take ye thought for raiment?

lilies field, of the Consider the they how roaringthe sulfur geysers I and is still write sonnet pools TPhe unsung, would toil not, spin; they neither they do

Its lie of words cheer hope and pits. infernal rainbow,were in my grow; The I say yet Soloyou, that unto even And heart; the of to us is promise,which symbol all in his like glory not arrayed was mon I've tried best tongue. to do by deed and my

was to him a bridge by which all But love of words is of my life a part. one of these.

men entered Valhalla. The mystic I've tried to make of lullabies a praise Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of

is, is to and morrowAurora Borealis, flaming in the sky, OfI've thankstried toto guideGod fortheirthosemindshe gaveand feetto me;in thecast field,into thewhichoven,to dayshall he not more much

was the blood of the armored warways clothe you, O ye of little faith? (Ibid.,

riors as they rode on their errands of That will at last lead them to home and 6:2830.)

destruction. He called the rain the thee.

tears of the goddess of spring; the My hands and mind have had small time With vivid metaphors and brilliant

stray, to similes, poetic with simple, words, herbs, suchplants and found which

So filled each day with love of home and easily understood remembered, and their short duringwelcome summers, friends, were referred to as the hair or fleece And yet, when tired at night I kneel to he pointed the way to peace, happiof the earth. He sang of the sea as I yearnpray,to write a sonnet ere life ends. ness, and eternal life.

the field of the pirates, and the great Dear Lord, if time and talent dim my goal, Life has few greater enrichments ice barriers that maimed many a vikPray make a living sonnet of my soul. than the love of good poetry. This

ing ship were called the greatest of love should be fostered in early childall bridges. Viking boats with their hood until children become as refierce dragon heads were feared as to believe that this is true. In the sponsive as they are to pleasing

horses of the waves, and the human seventh and eighth centuries, singing sounds, perfume, the color of sunsets.

tongue was fittingly termed the sword and poetry were so universally known Poetry could almost be called the of swords. and loved that whenever a feast was music of the whole universe, because

One can almost hear the voice of held in the monasteries a harp would in all of God's creation there is poetry prophecy in these ancient poems as be brought in, and each guest would and harmony.

they sing of the beginning of time in turn entertain the crowd with a Recognizing the fact that the qualiwhen chaos preceded a literal creasong or poem to his own musical acties of the spirit constitute life's only tion. Their poems speak of the imcompaniment. real realities and knowing that inmortality of the soul, of retribution Jesus was the incomparably great telligence without feeling is barren,

beyond the grave, and of a heaven poet. With the coming of Christianthe true poet accepts as his sacred

where the righteous dwell. They ity, literature took on new light. The duty the challenge of helping to keep

prophesy of a time of destruction message of the Savior added leaven to alive those pure intrinsic values of wherein the elements would be conall forms of art. All literature was living that it would "impoverish one

fused, while wars and discord would lightened and brightened with hope, to forget."

OCTOBER 1956 727 X-,

"Your mother was a dancer, Wendy, a wonderful dancer.... Your daddy's plane went down crossing

the Hump."wr

Dancing Hearts by Dorothy Chpp Robinson

her hurry. Tears ran down she closer about must coat her drew the sideWalk. at KICKED WendyWENDY for ones Presents, even small still cheeks. Last dragged. to her, but her feet happening Everything was

her. She wished the day of the week after her dancing lesson she nine girls, would cost too much. And

party wouldn't come. She really did. had told Nana that her name had the party would be a fizzle without

It was awful enough to ask Nana to been drawn to give the party. The them. Her feet dragged on the sidegive the party for her dancing group, look that came into Nana's eyes had walk. They shouldn't have come to

but now the girls were hinting about taken all the fun out of it. this town. Mrs. Easley charged too

it, Nana. Honest, much for her lessons. She stoppedpresents—not just favors, but things "I couldn't helplike bracelets. That is what Lois had I couldn't. I'll tell them tomorrow—short.

given them last time. Oh, dear, why "No, no,"Nana said quickly. Then From a house nearby came the

did she have to take dancing lessons, her face brightened. "You have sound of a radio. Someone was playand why did she have to give presnever had a party, Wendy. It's time ing a violin number. Wendy held

ents, and why couldn't she get Nana we had one. You will love it."her breath, treasuring every precious

it in her memory. When shea new coat? Wendy could not re- "But, Nana—we, that is—well, you note of

member Nana with anything but her need a new coat. You said so yourbaby-sat with Bobby again, she

old green coat. self."would try it. Mr. Critchlow didn't

Rain was falling gently, and the All that had been last week. Now mind. He said it was a shame she

street lights were snapping on. it was getting dark, and Wendy knew wasn't taking lessons, but she was

728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA going to be a dancer, and she hated ords were his. The song she loved an angel with her bright curls, and

it. She couldn't say that to Nana, most was "Dancing Hearts"for her her eyes were the color of the evening

not for anything in the whole wide daddy had written both the words sky."Wendy touched her own

world. It would break Nana's heart. and the music for her lovely mama. straight black hair. "We loved her

She had thought she would buy a That one Nana would never let her so much, so very much. We even

coat for Nana's birthday, with her play. Music bothered Nana—not all loved the long, hard drive from our

allowance and the money she earned music, just daddy's. ranch in the hills to her dancing

sitting with Bobby, but the clerk said "What is worrying you, Nana?"teacher."

why didn't she buy a stole. She Three times she had turned and "Yes?"

found a lovely one, but even it cost caught her grandmother sitting with Nana put a thread through her too much. The clerk had said it might her hands in her lap. That was not needle. Her hands shook. She tied

come down to five dollars if it were like Nana, 'specially when she was a knot in the thread then went on.

not sold before long. She might be busy. "One evening your grandfather

able to save five dollars. She might, "What? Oh, nothing, dear."She went to cross the river in the cable

but she had to have nine presents. raised her hand and rubbed it across car we had always used, and the

Oh, dear, dear! her eyes. Her hand was thin, and the cable broke. Two weeks later we

"Hi, darling,"Nana called as veins were large and blue. She had found his body."

Wendy entered their small living rubbed her eyes a lot lately. "And then you moved to town."

room. "I've been waiting. Dinner "Nana, how do we get our money?""Yes. I sold the ranch, and Cynis ready."Nana looked up quickly. "Why, thia and I moved from one dancing

Wendy spent as much time as she Wendy?"teacher to a better one. Each year

could washing her hands. She was "Well—we don't have a father to she grew in beauty and skill until I

afraid Nana would ask what the matgo to work."thought my heart would break with

ter was, but Nana had her mind on "Darling, we have your father's inlove and pride. By the time our

something else. surance. We get a check every money was gone, she was earning

"Will you clear the kitchen, honmonth. Isn't that wonderful?"enough to keep us with my making

ey?"Nana asked as she rose from "Arc we rich?"Wendy's hopes her dancing costumes. And no dancer

the table. "I have the hand work to soared. ever had more beautiful ones."

finish on Mrs. Dillon's dress, and she Nana sighed. "Did you want some- "And then?"Wendy squirmed unwants it tomorrow."thing, dear?"comfortably. She knew about those

Nana never seemed to be through "No—o, but if we have a check costumes. They were carefully stored

with sewing lately, but Wendy was every month, why do you sew and waiting for her to grow into them.

relieved. Nana was too busy to notice people pay you for it?""Then the war came, and there

When Nana answered her voice were soldiers everywhere. How they

was tired. "Now, Wendy, you know loved your mother. One night your

I love to sew, just as you love to lovely mama was dancing and a dance."soldier saw her—

"But I don't,"Wendy thought to "And,"Wendy interrupted, "he herself, "and I don't think you do was a great violinist, and they fell either."Nana rubbed her eyes again, in love."

and that is when it came to Wendy Nana's lips tightened. "Yes, they

just like that. Her grandmother was fell in love. A love that was beyond

going blind! When she could speak all reason. I talked and talked—again she said, "Nana, you quit sewreminded Cynthia—

ing, and I will quit dancing.""I know. I know,"Wendy cried

Nana was horrified. "Baby, you excitedly, "she said she was through

are going to be a famous dancer like dancing. All she wanted was to

your mother. Aren't you?"marry Wendstrom and have him sing

Wendy nodded miserably. Only and play for her and their babies.

this afternoon Mrs. Easley, her dancThat's what you told me, huh?"

ing teacher, had scolded her for beAfter a pause Nana answered, "Yes, ing so clumsy. "Lightly, Wendy,"she threw away all her training, and

she had said. "You are supposed to they were married. She followed him

be dancing, remember?"And Nana from camp to camp, and then you

thought she was doing so well—even were born."

when she saw she would not believe. "And my beautiful mama went to

how she was feeling. When she was "Nana, tell me about my mama."heaven, and you came and brought

through with the kitchen, she went She knew the story by heart, but it me home. Daddy sent his violin

into the living room, sat on a stool would give her an excuse for tears. with you for he didn't want to hear

and pretended to be reading. Nana glanced quickly toward the it again—ever. You wanted to break

The violin selection she had heard music cabinet. Then she dropped her it in pieces, but you remembered my

would not leave her alone. She glance to her sewing. "Your mother mama loved it."Tears were running

wanted to sing it out loud, but she was a dancer, Wendy. A wonderful, down Wendy's cheeks, but some of

had better not. She glanced at their wonderful dancer. From the moment them were for the violin that was

record player. Her daddy had given she could balance herself, she moved never played.

it to her mama, and most of the reclike thistledown. And she looked like (Continued on page 732)

OCTOBER 1956 729 iiiwiii.'%>

"PEOPLE'S CAPITALISM"AT WORK. Philip D. Reed (left). President, face the largest meeting of share owners ever assemBoard Chairman of General Electric, and Ralph J. Cordiner, bled—nearly 4,000 General Electric share owners who attended

PEOPLE'S CAPITALISM

Around the world, the term "capitalism"has been apspell dynamic growth and progress.

plied to economic systems which bear little resemblance 4. We in America believe in innovation and in scrapping

to each other. the obsolete. By reinvesting earnings in research and in new

Our American brand of capitalism is distinctive and production facilities, American business is creating more unusually successful because it is a "people's capitaljobs, better products and high living standards for everyone.

ism": all the people share in its responsibilities and 5. We in America believe in consumer credit, and have

benefits. As we see it, these are its distinguishing developed and used installment sales techniques to a degree

characteristics. unparalleled elsewhere in the world. Without it our economic indices would be at a fraction of their present level,

1. We in America believe in providing opportunities for and new industries like television would still be in their

each individual to develop himself to his maximum potential.

infancy. 2. We in America believe in high volume, and prices within 6. We in America believe in leisure for our people through the economic reach of all—not low volume, and prices only a comparatively short and highly productive work week.

a few can pay. And the very fact of extensive leisure has produced great

3. We in America believe in high wages, high productivity new industries which provide means for entertainment, for

and high purchasing power. They must occur together. One cultural pursuits, for sports of all kinds and for the doit-

without the others defeats its own ends, but together they yourself enthusiasts.

this year's Annual Meeting. The Company now has 358,000 48 states. More than half of them are women; 50,000 are emowners of record, including people from all walks of life, all ployees, and another 65,000 employees are becoming owners

it work for you?what makes

7. We In America believe in broad share ownership of production and improved marketing techniques.

American business. Millions of American families now parAs we see it, the more the principles of America's disticipate directly in the risks and rewards of businesses as

share owners; and almost everyone indirectly owns shares tinctive brand of capitalism become known and underthrough insurance policies, savings banks, pension plans, stood, the more certain everyone can be of continued

mutual funds, trust accounts or other investments. progress—progress which is shared by consumers, employees, share owners, all businesses—large and small,

8. And finally, we in America believe deeply in competition

and the nation.

versus the cartel. Competition is the spark plug of our economy. It keeps us endlessly, urgently searching and researchFor your copy of the report of the Annual Meeting of General Electric

ing for new and better products, more efficient methods of Share Owners, write us at Department 2XA19, Schenectady, N. Y.m

Progress /s Our Most Important Product

GENERAL ELECTRIC Dancing Hearts

(Continued from page 729) her. She danced excitedly around her Friday after school Wendy hurried

"Then your daddy's plane went room. When she said her prayers, to the dime store and pushed her way

down crossing the Hump, and there she thanked Heavenly Father for to the counter, were just the two of us again."letting her have enough money to "I hope I have nine left,"the clerk

There it was. Too numb even to get the presents and the stole. Now said when at last she was ready to

cry, Wendy knew she must be a the party would be a real party. (Concluded on page 734)

dancer. She must never hurt Nana

for she had been hurt too much al- i>'yN;>;AJ>:x>Ds.:5555s555s5 '}

ready. She must practise and practise. Then she would be rich and

buy Nana a new coat. he loivet ojr i-mvention

That night Wendy counted her coins. Three dollars and eightyRichard L. Evans

seven cents. After three counts it

was still the same. W/E HAVE SPOKEN before of the power of repentance—and

"Oh, Nana, darling, why can't I repentance is a great and saving principle. But today

be a dancer and make you happy as we should like to turn for a moment or two to the power my mama did?"of prevention. It seems sometimes that we spend too much

Maybe she could save enough beof our lives putting out fires—too much time running to

tween now and the party to buy the meet emergencies—too much time attempting to fix things

stole and nine presents. She could that shouldn't have happened. We cannot expect perfecget a cheaper stole, but the one she tion in people, and in using the freedom God has given us,

wanted was of downy white wool we all make mistakes. But it would seem that we would

and had silver threads running learn more from the long experience of mankind, more from through it. It looked like Nana. knowing the laws of cause and consequence, and more of the

power of prevention. It may be that we use this power more

/NE EVENING Nana sent her downthan we sometimes suppose, because prevention doesn't al- - town for a spool of thread. She ways receive the same notice as does meeting an emergency.

had to go to several stores before she We seldom, it seems, hear about the ship that doesn't sink, found the exact shade. In a dime or the aircraft that doesn't crash, or the safe journey home on

store she stopped to look at party the highway, or the boy who doesn't go astray, or the surgery favors. Then she saw them, the perthat isn't necessary, or the epidemic that doesn't develop.

fect presents, the loveliest, loveliest And certainly we don't hear about the lire that doesn't get color imagiscarves. Everyhead isn't that the about broken commandment much started—nor

girl a couldnable. have each Why lives the quietly his person and consistently who—because

atcouldcolor of her own. Wendy his to faithful his neighbors, being peace life, keeping with

tach each scarf to a placecard in such family, being respectful of law, isn't so likely to have his a way that they could appear to be name in headlines. In this sense it is a blessed thing to

flowers. And they were on special keep out of the news, and to live, if not anonymously, at

for fifty cents each. Of course, they least not negatively. It is good to turn back from error, to

were not bracelets, but they were seek to make amends for mistakes, to saye life, to relieve something. sufferings after the accident, to help people back to health,

Day by day her party came closer, to make repairs after damage is done. And great credit,

but she had added only forty cents great praise, a great debt is due those who meet emergencies, to her coins. Even Mrs. Critchlow those who rise to crises, those who courageously and conhadn't needed her. structively rush from fire to fire, from wreck to wreck; those

Two nights before the party, which who help to undo damage already done. But along with the

was to be Saturday afternoon, Mrs. power to repair, along with the power to repent, along with

Critchlow did call her. Mr. and Mrs. the will to make amends, let us not lose sight also of the

Critchlow went out and did not get power to prevent which, while less dramatic, is less costly in home until nearly twelve o'clock. money and in men and is more contributive to health and

Wendy didn't mind, for he had left happiness. Personally and as a people, we should watch the

his violin out for her. When Mr. warning signs, watch the symptoms, and not wait for the

Critchlow took her home, he put some breaking point, not wait until something has progressed so money in her hand and closed her far that it must be met with drastic measures. We should

fingers over it. "That is for you,"seek to learn to live not from crisis to crisis, but by thoughthe said, and was gone. ful, prayerful foresight, with the power of prevention.

After kissing Nana goodnight, Wendy went to her own room and ke Spoheei lA/om from temple square turned on the light. She couldn't bePRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

lieve her eyes. He had given her SYSTEM, JULY 29, 1956 0)

three dollars! She must take some of Copyright 1956 9

it back—but he had said it was for

732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Etijciy Extra bixuty On The

GiTY OF Los Angeles 55

Glamorous "Roof Garden"

Ffeaturiitg For Your Travel Pleasure..

ASTRADOME DINING CAR O "Roof Garden"dining in the dome; also beautiful main dining room

and glamorous "Gold Room"for private parties on the first transcontinental dome diner.

THE LATESTDESIGN ALLROOM PULLMANS Q Spacious, modern bedrooms, compartments and drawing rooms with threemirror vanities, and enclosed toilet facilities.

Also latest type roomettes.

ASTRADOME OBSERVATION LOUNGE CAR Allroom Pullmans to Chicago and Q Panoramic view dome, luxurious lower lounge. Free

to service thru pullman Omaha and newspapers and travel library of popular magazines. to St. PaulYork City, and New

Minneapolis, via Omaha. NEW MIDTRAIN REDWOOD LOUNGE CAR

The delightful atmosphere of a fine social club—

Check 150 pounds of baggage free on each adult Polished California. Redwood paneling, deep

ticket, plus all you need enroute. Rail Travel pile carpeting, modern furnishings and

Credit Cards honored for rail fares, Pullman soft lighting.

accommodations, meals, refreshments enroute;

also for Hertz Rent-A-Car service. Ask, too, For information, reservations and tickets, or help with your travel

about Union Pacific Family Fare savings. plans, see your nearest Union Pacific Railroad ticket agent.

Union Pacifio Railroad OCTOBER 1956 733 ins Hearts

{Concluded from page 732) I know you made the dolls, and the awaken. Mr. Critchlow finally opened

wait on Wendy. "Yes, there are ten. silver hearts, but when?"my eyes. I have been trying to make

Do you want all of them? No? Okay. There were tears in Nana's eyes, a dancer of you when you are a

That will be four dollars and fiftytoo. "I made them at odd times, I musician. You are vour father's

nine cents."She reached for the couldn't buy very much for the party. daughter as well as your mother's,

money. I knew you would love the dancing but I refused to see it."

Wendy opened her purse. She hearts. Would you like to see what This was so bewildering, so concounted out the money. It took her I have for the girls?"fusing, so completely wonderful it

a long time. When she had the "For the girls?"Then Wendy uncould not mean what Wendy thought

money in her hand, she noticed how derstood. Nana had known all along it meant. Nana was just being unempty her purse was. Why—why, what it meant to give a party, a real selfish as she always was.

therewasn't—butwasn't shefivediddollarsnot haveleft. timeThereto lyparty.boughtOh,theoh, scarvesand sheinsteadhad so ofnearthe practise"I willandbe apractise."dancer. Nana. I will

count it. She reached to give the stole! She followed into Nana's bed- "But you are not a dancer. You

clerk the money, but instead she room. Nana opened her closet door are not your mother. You are your

turned and ran. She bumped into and there, hanging in a row, were ten own dear self. Pull the box from

people and did not stop to excuse of the most exquisite costumes any under the bed. It is yours, and you

herself. She did not stop running girl had ever seen. The skirts of the may have it right now."

until she reached the store where the dolls were made of the material of Trembling with joy, for she thought stole had been. It was gone. She the costumes. she knew what it was, Wendy

began to cry. Everything was gone, "Nana—Nana—aren't they—aren't brought out the box from its queer

and Nana's birthday was ruined. they?"hiding place. She lifted the lid, and

Blinded bv her tears she turned to "Yes, darling, they are your moththere lay her father's violin case.

leave and stumbled against the clerk er's dancing costumes made over for Very, very carefully she opened it and who had always spoken to her. your guests."lifted the instrument to her cheek.

"I knew you would come."She "But how did you know the sizes?"It was happy to be there. She could

reached under the counter and "That was easy. I called your tell by the feel. Twice she tried to

brought out the stole. "So when they dancing teacher."speak, but no words came. She

went on sale I held it back for you."Wendy swallowed hard. She had looked pleadingly at her grandmother.

Wendy gave her five dollars, and never dreamed of such presents. But Nana's eyes were as they had been

she gave Wendy a slip. "Take it to—but after all so many times lately.

the third floor, and they will gift "Nana, I thought you were saving "Nana,"she cried, "are you going wrap it for you."them for me. They would save buyblind? You look so sad, and you are

Excited and happy Wendy hurried ing new ones, you said."always putting your hand over your

home. What a scare! Suppose she Nana dropped to a chair and put eyes."

real "I over laugh. a laughed, her hands her eyes. Wendy Nana after stole for thehadn't gone

to stand eyes are open, blind, the. went by her. was my but now it for her. saved It wasclerk had

not hurt more.""Did any they do I hurt you. Nana? I didn't and frio;htening to about. thinktoo—too to."at costumes, the glanced Wendy left she mean had money sheWith the

could get a pretty card for each girl, "No, no, baby. It is just hard for but they didn't matter any more.

I must tell you."She lifted the bow and drew it lovand if they didn't like the cards, me to say what

scarcely daring to waited, Wendy strings, before across ingly the and slipped in the back way Shewell—breathe. must Nana know something it she she "Dancing was into knew room. the box to herand took

very important. Hearts."How she loved that song.

W/"hen Wendy came back to the Her soft silver hair curled about Some day she would be a real musiface, her her eyes were and of round cian, proud be would and Nana living was where room Nana"just bright imagined and as Wendy her. sighed really would. She She so she short she stoppedsewing,

been. mother's her had own last as precious note away. the faded fell. table thenearly sewing On see, has your Wendy, Nana "You little frightened, waited, a she Then dolls, dolls, of ten them, paperwere

living in very a beautiful but been to for speak. her grandmother taffeta, skirts satin tulle or or ofwith

is It to unrealistic hard dream. so blind? could been I have "How color. skirt different a each wasand

And there were silver hearts for the Can you forgive me, Wendy?"

decorations, too. They were right "But you should forgive 'me. I

out of fairy land. There never had GREEN HILLS thought you didn't know what a real

been anything like them for any By Mary Lucretia Barker party was like. And ours is going to

other party. be the most wonderful of all. The

/REEN HILLS after drought and sunlight on girls will love the dancing costumes. "Oh, Nana, how could you have the fields.

done it?"Wendy threw herself into Purple road winding where the garden Nana,"she turned her eyes from the

yields I violin, play 'Dancing Hearts'"mayher arms. waiting grandmother's

Its treasures, fruit and flowers, past trees for just once them?"presbeautiful are the most"They and lakes.

ents I have ever seen. Even Lois I follow spellbound where its ribbon takes "You shall play it then and every

promised lands of plenty, ripened day."There were no tears in Nana'scouldn't have had one as lovelv."Me—intograin.

She stopped to wipe her eyes. "Nana, And harvesting made beautiful with rain. eyes now, only shining happiness.

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cents of every dollar Standard takes In goes to meet your future oil

Our search for oil has carried us to the sea, even though drilliyig offshore wells like this one [in the Gulf of Mexico) costs nearly 6 times more than land wells.

BUILDING "ISLANDS"IN THE SEA from which to probe the ocean floor is one good example of how we must search farther afield to find the oil America uses in such quantity. And as new

sources of oil become harder to find, locating it and bringing petroleum products to you grows more costly.

Last year, a quarter of every dollar Standard took in was plowed back into oil exploration, development of producing fields, research and construction of facilities. All told, during 1955 we 81 7 gallons per capita 1 007 gallons1965per capita

invested $347 million to help meet your growing oil needs.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA puts petroleum progress to work for you

OCTOBER 1956 735 Birthday Present

(Concluded from page 718) lonely without you. Don't you see, presents, when she should have given

Madsen's window, that you liked so you've given me a present of yourherself.

much. I—I had it laid away. Then self many, many times every year?"She had always thought Em hadRickey broke his arm, and—I just She paused, and her eyes held a been so wonderful to Mama.

can't give ever really a nice you look faraway then came back to Jean of tenderness toward A rush Mamapresent."throat got Jean's choked love affection with such and they filled her. to her She put wanted again. one,"a small she even "Not heart. Jean's warmed

shield her arms from around her andwent on more "Emily calmly now. kissed Ashley bent Jane and down the hurt Emily had inflicted.

things.gives you such marvelous And her daughter. dried eyes her Jean

this time Richard and I both were and smiled. Today, this seventieth anniversary

deter—""Aren't you going to try the dress could be spoiled, but she wouldn't let

"And was that why you were cryon, Mama? We have plenty of time it be.

ing?"her mother interrupted, her now. "We're going to have a grand day,

voice soft and sweet with tenderness. "Not now, dear,"she said almost just the same, Mama. The rest of "Jeanie, my dear—"her voice indifferently. "As you say, there's the family will come."

broke, and for a moment she couldn't plenty of time.""Of course, my dear,"Mrs. Ashley

speak. "My dear, you have given Jean understood her mother's persmiled. "Forgive me for letting you

of yourself all through the years. functory interest in the gifts now. see my disappointment. It was selfYou've taken me in; you've made me She had wanted only Em's gay, ish of me. If for no other reason than

part of the family ever since Papa charming self. And Emily had done because of you, my Jean, it would be

died. I would have been lost and the easiest of all things—bought her an extra special day."

this negative attitude was reflected in

The Birthplace of the Son of God his carriage, in his voice and facial expression, and he, therefore, failed (Concluded from page 722) The Lord had not spoken to the to succeed at the auditions.

the Great, an Arabian favorite of earth through his prophets for hunAfter he came to realize and believe

Rome who had gained the title dreds of years. The true gospel and in the simple truths stated above

"King of the Jews"from the Roman the plan of salvation was not among namely, that others felt as he did, that

Senate, and who had married Mariany people. he was as good as anyone else and

amme of the royal Jewish house of The place was chosen: the littlecould do as well in his own way

the Hasmoneans, came into power. known town of Bethlehem, a few things changed. He learned not to

At the head of a Roman army he miles from Jerusalem, situated high dread meeting people, to think more captured Jerusalem after a horrible in the Judean hills of Palestine, a highly of himself, to zip through audislaughter and turned the treasures of tiny country far from the centers of tions with a smile and a clear expresthe temple, which was destroyed, over world power and influence, yet near sive voice that won him many complito the Romans. the center of the known world. ments and several opportunities.

Even though Herod committed The Lord had chosen and prepared Selfconfidence is one of your most many unspeakable acts of treachery, his people: He was to be born of the valuable assets and will influence

he did restore peace of a sort to lineage of David, of the tribe of Judah everything you do. To build it up

Palestine, and the Romans, grateful of the house of Israel. These were in yourself requires merely intellifor the service he was rendering, gave good and righteous people whom the gence and persistent effort.

him broad powers. Once again the Lord had preserved for hundreds of Examine yourself. Face your faults

walls of the holy city were rebuilt years for this very reason. and weaknesses and make a serious

and expanded. The temple was again And so the stage was set for the effort to eradicate them.

restored, and the boundaries of the birth of the Son of God. Think of yourself as a capable percountry were extended to about where son possessing great power for further

they had been during the days of development.

Solomon. Even though Herod was not Bear in mind that selfconfidence

a Jew, it was his policy, and the policy Developing SelfConfidenee does not mean boastfulness, extreme of the Roman conquerors, to let the aggressiveness, or ostentation. The

is truly selfconfident ispeople worship as they pleased and (Concluded from page 719) man who even be responsible for much of their at.an audition and heard the excelsimple and sincere.

own government as long as it did lent singers preceding him, his heart Always try to be yourself at your not interfere with the designs and would zoom down to his feet, and best. Cultivate good manners and

plans of Rome. he'd think despairingly, "What possimplicity in taste and dress.

The time was ripe: the world had sible chance have I?"By the time it Practise poise, for it means strength,

known no real peace for many generacame his turn to sing, his knees would selfcontrol, and reserve. Always look

tions. The emphasis had been and be knocking out the tune in accompeople in the eye.

was upon war and intrigue and power. paniment with his voice. Naturally, Cultivate integrity of character.

736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Southern Pacific serves the West and Southwest

Southern Pacific D. J. Russell, President San Francisco

THE WEST'S LARGEST TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM

OCTOBER 1956 737 A Nutritionist Answers

(Continued from page 725) make up for their lack during the day.Ready for Your

even simple dishes; girls failed to plan If milk, for example, is not relished

for mealtime in addition to caring for for a time, cook with it; put it in

Fall Painting! personal needs. Some simply said: gravies, soups, and sauces. Eggs can

"We don't like breakfast. We are not be added to salads, casseroles, pudhungry. We want to keep thin. We dings. Cereals need not be served

are reducing. Breakfast is the easiest only at breakfast. Oatmeal is excelmeal to miss."lent in meat loaf and cookies.

My suggestions for seeing that our Remember that the persistent "no teenagers do not "starve"therefore appetite"and non -interest in food begin things. should!) be a reflection might (as every day with a of many

breakfast. FREE good family practice this attitude parents Wise faced with The

of sitting down to enjoy wellprepared will seek advice from their family food together each morning in a physician, dentist, or Church leaders.

COLOR pleasantfor school,environmentwork, or play,beforeis importantleaving ful,Makeand varyvegetablestheir preparation.attractive, colorThey

not only nutritionally, but also in are good creamed, buttered, or in fostering the feeling of security so imstews, soups and casseroles. Try SCHEMES

portant in normal emotional developgreen beans with mushroom soup or ment. What teenager, with his baked mashed whipped carrots. Zucfamily, would not enjoy a breakfast chini cooked in tomato juice or baked

Let us help you with of chilled, sparkling orange juice, with cheese and ground beef gives chopped hard -cooked eggs in seasoned zest to meals, as does shredded raw your new paint colors! white sauce served over toast or rice carrot steamed and panned with a bit

with a dash of paprika as a garnish, of table fat until tender, and served We're headquarters and a glass of milk—or sliced bananas plain or with chopped parsley.

for decorating ideas, in a bit of orange juice, cheese omelet Teenagers are prone to snacks.

beautiful room pictures, with buttered cornmeal muffins, and They raid the icebox, visit the soda milk? fountains, patronize the nearby snack

howto-paint hints, It is not unusual for teenagers to shops. Studies have shown that these

and a complete line have some activities that keep them snacks are usually high in carboup late. Mothers, recognizing this hydrates but poor in other essential

of paints and accessories situation, could prepare breakfast and nutrients.

is that that make your weekend say, "Look, I have everything ready. A frequent misconception

I know you were a bit late last night essential foods are fattening. This is

decorating easy. so I have something especially good not true. In one state a study showed

Come see our for you to eat."Mothers, be alert to that the proportion of heavy girls

special situations. And of course was twice as great in the group having

famous 1,322 colors in you should be up as early or earlier less than one pint of milk than those

Colorizer Paints! than your children. having more than one and onehalf

When breakfast foods are not liked. pints. I encountered an overweight

< QJ n U Q

s c Sto a Bennett's "aS 2 C > S co u U > > >

Boys gr gr mg I.U. mg mg mg mg I.U.

2.1 1.6 1.4 15 5000 16 400 90

1.9 1.4 2.5 15 5000 PAINTS 131516-20 32003800 10085 19 100 400

Girls AT THE 1315 2500 80 1.3 15 5000 1.3 2.0 13 80 400

1620 2400 75 1.3 15 5000 1.2 1.9 12 80 400 BENNETT'S

STORES Adults 65 West First South Men 25 3200 65.8 12 5000 1.6 1.6 16 75

21st South and 2nd West Women 25 2300 55.8 12 5000 1.2 1.4 12 70

SALT LAKE CITY

or Bennett's Dealers Branches and... iron, protein, for unusually vitamins, the calcium, teenage need high Note and some

Intermountain the Region throughout is also for caloric higher and as allowance. the with need compared recommended aduh The

California.!n Southern girls calories 16 20year-old than to the adult the than man, and an adult need boy more

woman, 738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA girl who had stopped drinking milk because it was fattening, but a day's snacks included three doughnuts, onecandy bar, and a soft drink. Salt Lake City...the new

Since teenagers are prone to nibbling, why not make it useful in satisfying nutritional needs? Interestingnames attached to food can make Air Capital of the West!

it appealing: "Calorie Controlled,"

"Sandwiches in the Shade,""After

Theater Spreads,""Surprise Burgers,""Weight Wary Specials,""Partywiches,""Tasty Snacks for Hunger WESTERN AIRLINES'new flights assure you

Pangs."And have snacks ready when your of modern air service to 45 cities in the West teenagers return from school or when friends make home calls. They -with connectionsio all the world

would love broiled hamburgers and a milk shake. Protein could be increased by having mixed ground beef

with egg all ready for them to cook.

Take the attitude that teenagers do like to eat, that food is good and NEW ROUTE FOR AMERICA'S MORE DC6B food is fun. When family food pracSMARTEST AIR SERVICE "RED CARPET"FLIGHTS

tices fall into a rut, it is unfair to Now! DC6B "Red Carpet"Flights Nowto both Los Angeles and Minblame the adolescents who as a result nonstop to Denver...and westbound neapolisSt. Paul -Western offers

develop their own poor food practices. toFrancisco.Reno, OaklandEnjoy luxuryand San twodaily.DC6B"RedChoose fromCarpet"convenientFlights

Teenagers do not want to be told beyond compare... at departure times

what to eat by an adult who "knows no extra fare!...all nonstop!

better."Try letting them help with

the meal planning, marketing, cooking, trying new recipes—taking a

variety of responsibilities in connection with their meals.

Sometimes teenagers reject temporarily some foods that were formerly MODERN DC6B DELUXE PRESSURIZED of insatisfying foods. favor other FLIGHTS AIRCOACH CONVAIRS NORTHBOUND perfectly binges be norcanFood aircoach, 4-engine Western's DC6B for Idaho, Montana, or CanHeaded they long continue notmal if do and Owl,"offers you "The Night pressurized deluxe Western's presada?

influence good selection. Some girls surized comfort at coach economy. Convairs turn those weary miles inPaul, MinneapolisSt. $50.75. into be influencedcan good diet by Las to pleasant minutes!

Angeles, Vegas, $30.25. $20.05. Los relationpointing out the between

good foods and good looks, wellformed teeth, glossy hair, clear skin, and posture. For a boy, relate good

health to endurance, strength, ability. lEDMONTON

Avoid threats about consequences Jlethbridge if some foods are not eaten. Rather,

listen to your youngsters. Allow them

to talk about how they feel about foods.

We must not overlook a father's part in good eating patterns. His

spontaneous comment to a mother or andTotheHawaiiOrient a teenager who prepares food as to how good it is, how interesting it looks, is important. Wellprepared

meals always deserve his praise, and To Mexico Citr variations and surprises in the familyfood patterns are good praise -stimuWESTERN lators.

Remember always that senior high AIRLINES school girls are looking forward to marriage and acquaint them with the (Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1956 739 itionist Answers

(Continued from preceding page) P/2 pints to 1 quart milk 2-5 servings of bread or cereals. Use

growing evidence that a woman's nu- 1 egg whole grain and enriched tritional status at the time she be- 1 large serving meat, fish or poultry 1-3 tablespoons fat (butter and comes an expectant mother has con- 3 servings of vegetables (one of margarine) siderable influence upon her abihty these green or yellow) (milkto bear a vigorous child and remain 2 servings of fruit (one a rich Some source of vitamin D in good health herself. source of vitamin C) (Concluded on page 742)

In one state, typical of several states, there are many marriages under the age of 21 years. In 1954

there were 38 marriages under the age of 15; 134 marriages at age 16; ke lA/armna 6ian6 and 6umptoyvi6

614 at age 17; 988 at age 18; 910 at

age 19; and 643 at age 20, which Richard L. Evans

means that a total of 3,327 girls married years. of 21 the age under WE sideSHOULDof theLIKEpowerto considerof prevention:for a momentOften orwetwobecomeanotherso year, there Last 1955, were 15 marriages under the age of 15; 171 at age busy in life that we ignore the first symptoms and the warn15; 396 at age 16; 674 at age 17; 1,118 ing signs in many matters. Under the pressures of a complex

at age 18; 938 at age 19; and 745 at living pattern, we sometimes become so intent on the next

age 20, making a total of 4,053 marplace we have to be, the next thing we have to do, that we riages under the age of 21 years. often bypass impressions which, had we heeded them, might

These are the young mothers of tohave helped something to happen or kept something from day. happening. Parents, for example, sometimes become so busy

with other obligations and interests and activities that they In 1954 there were 2,925 live births to mothers under the age of 20 years fail to see, or, if they see, fail fully to sense the first signs of of attitude, change of afand 7,993 live births to mothers in the changes in their children—change

age group 2024 years. Last year fection, change of interest and activity, change of the company they keep. These may be for better or for worse, butthere were 12 live births to mothers

at least parents should pause and look and sense and see under the age of 15 and 3,002 live warning signs—should watchbirths to mothers age 15 to 19, with should watch the signs—the

the symptoms. As devotedly and patiently and prayerfully

a total of 8,166 live births to mothers to entitled to are a kind of wisdom, it, parents live forof ages 20 to 24. These figures show they

their concerning sense to a discerning of guidance, a kind the need for good nutrition in the children; and by love, and by wise and patient counsel, and

teens. by faith and forbearance, can sometimes save mistakes and

Calcium and vitamin D studies by hazards and heartaches, and can sometimes keep them from

Dr. Genevieve Stearns, research procluttering their lives, from marring their records, from turnfessor at the University of Iowa, indiing down wrong roads. By watching early signs and sympcate that girls eleven to fifteen years toms, not too obviously, not too instrusively, parents can often

of age who had been poorly nourished exercise the power of prevention. Often, in other ways also,

for a long period of time failed to repeople may have impressions of things they should or tain as much calcium as girls who shouldn't do—a kind of still small voice seeming to talk inthe better nourishedwere during or call conscience something even might we side—something

early years. three It took from conscience. called might be that to over which and beyond

five months for these poorly nourished And when a person approaches decisions or situations which girls to have satisfactory calcium rehave inherently within them the elements of danger or distension, which is so important during grace, it would seldom seem that anyone could honestly say pregnancy. Dr. Stearns emphasizes that he is utterly and entirely unaware of any sense of

that the longer any adolescent is in a warning, of any sense that he was doing or considering poor state of nutrition the longer it something he shouldn't do. Call them what we will, it

will take to get in a good state. seems that we often have occasion to regret ignoring imInvestigations with teenagers have pressions, ignoring the warning signs and symptoms. God

indicated also that endemic goiter, help us earnestly, intelligently, prayerfully, to heed the dental caries, overweight, underwarning signs and symptoms, to pay more honest, purposeweight, and occasional diseases such ful attention to the power of prevention.

as tuberculosis could be decreased by optimum diet.

SQUARE PROM TEMPLE WorJ DL SpoLn A good daily food guide includes PRESENTED BROADCASTING OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA eggs, meat, milk, vegetables, fruits, SYSTEM, AUGUST 5, 1956 cereals, bread, and some fat. A sugCopyright 1956

gested day's menu might include: 9).

740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DO IT YOURSELF AND SAVE WITH ALUMINUM PRODUCTS Twice the value... half the price... easily installed by anyone! Wepco

Aluminum Combination Doors and Windows have all the quality features found only in much more expensive products. Smartly designed lines

and rugged beauty give any home distinction and lifetime protection.

Send coupon today for additional FREE information.

extruded ALUMINUM n.iix 0#u> l/UO'l/Ot COMBINATION DOOR

America's highest quality, lowpriced door. Rugged, beautiful, precision built and over one inch thick. Converts in minutes from storm

.. winter door to screen and keeps your home more comfortable.

and summer! Complete with all hardware including pneumatic door

closer, outside aluminum Z-bar. Never needs paint... can't rust,

bind. or warp

2 storm panels, 1 screen... only $44.5O'// rc DESIGN, 2-LITE

all aluminum PijU)*MocKC 3-track COMBINATION WINDOW Tired of taking down screens... putting up storm windows? With

DUOMATIC 3-track design, you have nothing to remove or store.

Changes instantly from storm window to screen. Precision made of

aircraft aluminum for lifetime service. Has stainlesssteel interlock

for yearround, weathertight protection. Anyone handy with simple

tools can install DUOMATIC. AS LOW AS.,. $18.95

New, Deluxe Windows Wide?

Windows Small? KANGAROO

WEPCO extruded Aluminum SelfStoring

COMBINATION AWNINGS Fit Them All I DOOR Here is the door you've read about in Life... the only door

in the world with its own selfstorage compartment. Storm or

screen inserts stored inside botSlide in or out to fit all windows. America's most tom panel. 3-lite design. 3

inserts. 2 screens. Comthrifty low price. Rugged, glass a at awning beautiful with hardware. plete

install. to.. easy durable.

AS LOW AS... $17.45 complete

RJT MorrisonMerrill & Co.

Utah lake City, Salt 1530, P. O. Box

the Name. on mformalion FREE rush Please

products Aluminum Wepco marvelous checked below: Address..

DUODOR, extruded Aluminum MORRISONMERRILL & CO. n DUOMATICCombination CombinationDoor Window City

Deluxe KANGAROO New n Door Combination Building Material Distributors

Awnings State Aluminum Wepco n

OCTOBER 1956 741 A Nutritionist Answers

(Concluded from page 740) may have this vitamin added—check

label)

Young parents would do well to remember that children who have an opportunity to learn and practise principles of good nutrition early are more likely to carry good food habits and attitudes into adolescence, giving them a big advantage over contemporaries whose eating patterns include fads, unhealthy "slimming"meals, and the socalled "rock n'roll diet"of chips, pop, candy, and hot dogs.

Literature available from the Utah State Health

Department, Salt Lake City:

"A Good Daily Food Guide."

"The Right Kind of Food Can Help your Child to "WhySuccessShouldn'tand Happiness."I Smoke?"

|Why Shouldn't I Drink?"

"Nutrition and Healthy Growth"Children's Bureau, published, 1953. U. S. Dept. of Health, Education,

and Welfare, Washington, D. C.

i>i

These Times

(Continued from page 690) Russian, and US investor.s stood aloof.

In 1875 Disraeli bought 176,602 shares for the British government, in a stroke of imperial fortune, when the Egyptian

shares sale in a distress to raise money. One drink for all the family... pasha was forced to sell his block of Construction April 1859. began 28,

The work was completed on a 100mile canal, 8 meters deep, and 22 wide (at the bottom), for a gala opening NovemGnain-hich ber 16, 1869. The following table shows

the growth of shipping through the canal: Instant Postum 1870—500 vessels

1912—5,373 "

1953—12,731 "Yes, the whole family wiU enjoy the rich, distinctive flavor of

Instant Postum—made of whole wheat and bran, carefully The current rate is estimated at aboutroasted and slightly sweetened. 45 ships each day, or, over 16,000 each

year. Receipts the first two years were

Prepared with hot water or, for the youngsters, hot milk—less than operating costs. The French

steaming cup of Instant Postum is a warming, satisfying way company had many financial crises. But

as of today, the dividends have totaled to start the day—and see it through!

over eight times the investment, and in.

Yet Instant Postum costs so little less than a penny a cup. good years like 1925, the revenues exServe it to your family—soon. Postum is a registered tradeceeded costs by as much as nine times.

mark of General Foods Corporation. The concessions of 185456, to run

for 99 years after opening, require equal charges to ships of all nations, forbid preferential treatment, and declare the

America's favorite cereal beverage waterway open to all merchant ships without reference to flag.

How did the British acquire "control"of this great waterway? Instant Postum This is an interesting story. The

No caffein Julycompany26, "nationalized"1956, remained bytheNa.sseroriginalon

742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA French company. Its directors have included as many as twenty Frenchmen,

ten Britishers, and a Dutchman at a single time, with British and French technicians on the site.

In 1882 British forces occupied Egypt to quell a nationalistic uprising—Turkey being the "sick man of Europe"

Frenchand remained. The were inwhen you buy a Fowler

terested as effectively. but did not move

By 1898 British control was complete, water heater and in 1914 Egypt was declared a, British protectorate. World War I, according

to Sir Ian Malcolm, "utterly changed the character of the administration and purpose"of the canal company because the defense of the facility was handed to British military authorities. The entire canal was carefully patrolled as the

"lifeline"of Empire and for Allied shipping. In 1922 Britain relinquished the

"protectorate"and granted independence to Egypt but left defense still in

British hands and the country under

British military occupation. A treatyof August 26, 1936, was later signed to you can

run for twenty years, terminating Britishmilitary occupation—save for the canal look

area—but continuing the right to intervene. World War II saw the British forwfaircl to

defense of Egypt against Italy and German forces under Rommel. In July 1954,

the British agreed to make good, in effect, the 1956 withdrawal. An agreement signed at Cairo, July 27, 1954, left

the canal base in the hands of commercial maintenance, with British troops to withdraw completely (which they did within twenty months as required), but with 'the right to reoccupy in the event of an attack on Egypt, Turkey, or any state of the Arab League. Thus, presumably, if Israel were to attack Egypt,

it might be used as an excuse for British troops to reoccupy Suez.

The basic principles controlling use of the canal, as fixed in the original concessions, were restated in the Suez Canal Here's the water heater with BIG FEATURES that add up convention signed at Constantinople, to better water heating with BIG SAVINGS for you:

October 29, 1888. of the face In Nasser's

first... Glasslining... a protects Fowler the tank against rustnationalization, of the the purpose new

years servicelife. and corrosion, adding to itstwentyfour-nation to conference seems

be to restate these principles in a new Triple insulation prevents heat loss.

document which will bind Egypt, now in physical possession and command of Safe, "black heat"elements assure top heating efficiency facilities. External controls are easily adjustable to supply water

In 1953, twelve thousand seven huntemperatures as desired and eliminate overheating.

dred and thirtyone ships passed through the canal, which has been widened, Manufacturer's 20year warranty guarantees continuous, deepened, and improved over the years. troublefree service.

Fortyseven million tons of crude oil twothirds of the entire canal traffic For finest water heating service at lowest cost, see your nearest moved through en route to Europe. If Fowler dealer or write for details.

and when Egypt gets machines and industries capable of using the rich oil of the Middle East, a new state of world affairs can be visualized.

The traffic in 1953 was divided as follows: GLASSLINED EL—EOT*and gasF? I WATER HEATERS

British shipping.. 33.7 percent

DISTRIBUTED BY: 316 West 2nd South Street (Concluded on following page) FLINT DISTRIBUTING CO. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

OCTOBER 1956 743 *i?M| These Times

(Concluded from preceding page)

Norweigian 15.0 percent ateviJjW*** French 9.1

Panamanian 8.6 "

Liberian 5.4 "tep*Q US 4.4

The remainder was scattered. Panaprogram manianUSowned.and Liberian ships are often

Egypt has been asked many times by the company to prolong its concession 1968 refused. regularly beyond and has costis legal well probably within its, V4ev*s Press otEgypt

rights in the act of nationalization, judging by past history. But the issues are not

really legal. They are moral, economic,

gtopnand political. The immediate destiny

of Israel is at stake; oil for Western

for 500 Europe is at stake; and a new shift in

5 ond balance of power is in the making pe the cents in these times.

i-.i.*.nnal

Plus postage.

Buying a Home? E 4-258

3, Riclords Street (Concluded from page 713) percent interest over twenty years is paying $2,006 more interest than one who pays only 41/ percent.

If financial circumstances warrant a family's making payments against Da?tSS the mortgage principal, considerable

savings can be effected. Also, each

dollar paid against the principal will reduce the interest payment. It

would be wise, however, to check with your lending institution to determine if this can be done without penalty. Some conventional loans invoke a penalty on the borrower

for such prepayments on principal.

Loans insured by the Veterans Administration and the Federal Housing

Administration permit the borrower to make such payments without penalty. '''''''CZ..

;////////''''''''',yy//////////////////////

RETURN IN AUTUMN

By Lance Delaney have your children seen K Where the yellow goldenrod

Lights the hill like candles, I am walking back through time,

Wearing childhood's sandals.

Here I gathered milkweed silk And picked purple thistles; theGoldfeh Here I set my brown feet to

he's porf of the fon A Cadenced bobwhite whistles.

of family dinner in the \ Oddly on this bluemist day

is still letting kind, me in here wonder. young COFFEE SHOP TimeYetWalk turns minutes under,

Hotel Utah [ None need fear a going back.

Max Carpenter, Monager HeIf forseekshis outreturning,a childhood hill

Where goldenrod is burning.

744 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There Were Jaredites

(Continued from page 712) "primitive"about the civilization of the Hittites: it was rich, sophisticated,

mobile, restless, brutal, acquisitive, energetic, and military, in all of which the reader will scarcely need to be

Jaredites. of thereminded

letters of the Hittites UTAH'S PRIDE From various we learn that their great houses had extensive political, economic, and family ties with the lords of the Ahhiyawa to the west. It is pretty certain by now that these were none

other than Homer's Achaeans. And

so we are back to Chadwick: Since

Homer furnishes the yardstick by which other heroic ages are measured, there is not much point in demonstrating that Homer's world is heroic.

Yet since we are dealing with the beginning of things, it is not amiss to point out that in those passages of

Homer which are admittedly most world to a do witharchaic have we of the SWEET WHITE milieu epicidentical the with earliest Egyptians and Sumerians.

The Apollo of the opening scenes of the Iliad is not the shining youth of the classical tradition but a grim warlord of the steppes, who comes from GIFT CELERY the far northeast, the land of the

Hyperboreans, sweeping like a storm order gifts now for thanksgiving and christmas windarrows—"andacross thehisplaincomingin a showerwas likeof express prepaid anywhere in the united states

the coming of night!""Hear me,

Silverbow,"cries his priest in suppli- 3 jumbo stalks 2'6 jumbo stalks t)U cation, "thou who travelest the rounds to Chryses (one of his many castles or shrines), and who rulest mightily in Each choice stalk of Utah Gift Celery is

Killa and Tenedos, O Sminteus (anespecially cultivated on mountain farms unother title): if ever I drove peace ofder constant care—blanched sweetwhite the

ferings to thy shrine or burned fat natural way. ZCMI guarantees arrival of the

roasts of mutton and beef at thy feasts, celery in perfect condition. Order yours now.

grant me now what I ask: make those

Danaeans pay for my tears with your arrows!"For all the world this is the

typical appeal of the Hittite or HurMail orders to:

rian vassal to his lord. And when MARGOTP.O. Box MANNERS,1229 ZCMl

Apollo responds, he crouches at a Salt Lake City 10, Utah distance from the Greek camp like an Nome of sender

Indian fighter and from his invisible Address position pours poisoned arrows into Q Charge to my account the camp, apparently from nowhere: Q Check or money order enclosed.

he is a typical scourge of the plains. (amount)

And so is father Zeus, Nephelegerites, Please send. cortons of Utah Gift Celery at..totaling.

"the god of the cumulonimbus,"who (quantity) (price) always moves with the thunder. The

thunder is the sound of his chariot, To: (recipient's name) (Address)

and "all the higher divinities of the

Greeks have a chariot and pair Nome to be placed on gift cord enclosure:

ascribed to them."-"'He comes as a Delivery dote: Q Thanksgiving Q Christmas [J Immediately

conqueror and settles down as a

(Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1956 745 There Were Jaredites (Continued from preceding page) think to hve at ease in your new tyrant: "You rule now,"Prometheus castle. But have I not seen two such

reminds him through his haughty tyrants fall already? You can take

messenger, "and as new conquerors it from me that number three who

:>>:x7\3v:x>o\3vjs:>v>:N'>s3vx3v>.j5c>>jsj

or ouer me edc9e Richard L. Eians

Come twenty centuries or so ago Epictetus gave us these very modernsounding sentences: "It needs but a little

a slight aberration to overthrow and destroy everything—just

from reason. For the helmsman to wreck his vessel, he does

not need the same resources as he needs to save it: If he

turn it but a little too far to the wind, he is lost; yes, and

if he do it not deliberately but from mere want of attention, he is lost all the same. It is very much the same in life, if

you doze but a little, all that you have amassed up till now leaves you. Keep awake then, and watch your impressions:

ARTIST Model It is no trifle you have in keeping, but selfrespect, honour,..."These Again Isf Choice constancy, a quiet mind, untouched by distress.

off Botii Parties sentences suggest several facets of a subject which could be jST for Tone successively considered. But at least one phase of it we |S7 for Performance.. should like to turn to for a moment or two today: Often

iST for Home, Church,. seemingly, there are only slight differences between success

School, Auditorium.. and failure, between solvency and insolvency, between safety

Both Parties again chose Conn and sorrow. We say "seemingly slight"but the differences

for the '56 National Conventions. in results are in fact by no means "slight,"but gravely seriOrganists everywhere acclaim the ous. Consider for a moment just the matter of physical

CONN again and again "easiestmotion: In driving down the highway, or in any physical

toplay, easiestto-own"organ for movement, sometimes two feet, or one foot, or even the frachomes, churches, schools and tion of an inch is the margin between safety and sorrow.

auditoriums. Drop in to Daynes Either we hit—or we don't hit. Either we keep the wheels

Music and play a CONN yourself on or over the edge. Either we keep on the safe side of the

in demonstration. a private No or shoulder center side. don't line—or the keep safe on we

obligation. Just play it.

feet, is or or if two one foot, inch the And even an margin

Emy Terms of safety, may we unforgettably never forget this shocking

Phone EL 9-7633 but elementary reminder: that a speed of 60 miles an hour means moving 88 feet in a single second! And even at half

the 60 mile mark—even 30 miles an hour—means moving

ai|ne$ IHusic 44 feet in a single second! And with movements of many

feet in a single second, life comes pretty close, all the time, iiiJ inattention, brink. a little to only only being on the And

1 afffakeOYi/ irr 6LVD.,06[)EN WASHINGTON 145mNORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVOW'2260 dulling a little at the wheel, of the senses, only a little dozing

only a little "aberration from reason,"as Epictetus observed only a little—may be the difference between wholeness and

permanent impairment—or between life and death! There

is no time for inattention, no time for carelessness or thoughtlessness, or for senses that are less than fully alert, even for "L/ yoiiY light so shine before a fractional instant. So much for the physical side of the

men, that they may see yotir good subject. Admittedly it is shocking and sobering. In matters

works, and glorify your father of physical motion, as well as in many other matters, men %vhich is in heaven.''—Matthew 5:16. cannotpossibilitybecomeof payingcarelessa veryin conducthigh price.without the ever imminent

lA/ord SQUARE from TEMPLE ke Spoken LEON BROWN PRESENTED OVER KSL AND BROADCASTING THE COLUMBIA

SYSTEM, AUGUST 12, 1956 FLORAL COMPANY

Copyright 1956 5th Phone EM 4-5544 So. -10th W.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Discourses of Epictetus, Book IV, Chapter 3.

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lords it now is not onlv the worst of the lot, but his rule is going to be the shortest."A YWMIA

Aristotle says the tragic poets concentrated on the doings of a few great FILM houses the heroic from age because their affairs "naturally were tragic,"NOW BEING real history,were "handed down by RELEASEDtradition,"the no matter how freely poets may have dealt with details. 'FOR

The plays of Aeschylus show us the sordid and murderous clash of wills CHURCHWIDE and ambitions in the great princely families after the conquest. The SHOWING

dreadful things that go on in the castle on the hill have always held excitement for the rest of us—they

are the great stuff of literature. History is no less the child of the heroic

age, and the writing of it down to our own times has been in the strictly heroic tradition, with "princes to act, and monarchs to behold the yy swelling scene!"to the ynqetd.Jou/ i leafwar Next the friends spent an evening (See story, page 709)

with Professor Sindh and heard about the prehistoric society of those IndoThe problems a young IDS woman faces

Iranian invaders who followed their in courtship and marriage are treated cousins into central Asia and spread with realism and insight in this inspiring abroad with great rapidity about 2000 color movie. Influences of Church and

home are felt as this girl makes her

B.C. The Yashts are the ancient decisions.

books which describe their way of life as it was in the beginning: "The

Yashts are saturated with the spirit Produced by Brigham Young University of chivalry;"in them "we find ourDepartment of Motion Pictures

selves in the Epic Age of the ancient

Iranians."'* There is the king at the Audio Visual Center, Extension Division

head of his victorious migrating host, Brigham Young University slaying the great snake and finding Provo, Utah water."'His royal successor is the Please reserve the 45mtnute YWMIA color film "Hov/ Near to the Angels"for

"perfect Chief: whose face looks over us (Rental fee $12.00).

all the seven Karshvares of the earth; Preferred Date Alternate Date

who is swift amongst the swift, liberal Name amongst the liberal, strong amongst Ward Stake.

the strong, a chief of assembly amongst the chiefs of assemblies; inAddress

creasegiving, fatnessgiving, cattleCity State.

giving, sovrantygiving...."'"'Like

Mithra, he is "the King, Ruler, and

Chiefinspector of the entire world. "*

He is "he of the ten thousand spies, the powerful, all -knowing, unde- \\ ttceivable god... who drives along in BURNED OUT

his highwheeled chariot."* He was REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

the chief herdsman and the chief hunter of the realm, and all who would A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, not fight him must submit to him.* with tremendous added expense before you find

Yet his relatives, the great nobles, another.

were always plotting to get the throne Let us explain your need for ample insurance from him, even as Cyrus drew off the to cover todays higher values.

retainers of King Cyaxares who cried:

great glorious,"You are and now FIRE UTAH INSURANCE HOME COMPANY

I to retainers!thanks would my General Agents, Salt Lake City HEBER J. GRANT & CO.,rather earth the go under than down

(Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1956 There Were Jaredites

(Continued from preceding page) be seen weak.... But you are on top

now, and my own followers are in a position to control me."*''Even so

"Mazda, the divine hero, took from the Daevas both riches and welfare, both fatness and flocks, both weal and glory. Then Mithra seized that

Glory... the second time the Glory

departed from Yim.... Then

Threatona seized that Glory... who

killed the snake Srvara."** "From

whom shall I take away, without his thinking of it, the awful sovranty,"cries Mithra, "... who fells down

Elaine Cannon is the queen of the teens. Her heads... who orders chastisement

"Hi Tales"and "Dear Elaine"columns are foland his order is done at once."''He

lowed avidly by the teen crowd. She keeps in is "the lord of the wide pastures...

tune with them and she knows how to write for strong, sleepless, and ever awake. To

them. Follow her fascinating columns in your whom the chiefs of the nations offer

Deseret News. up sacrifices, as they go to the field

against the havocking host... with

the fiend -smiting wind."''All his

liege men are bound to him by awful oaths, and whoever breaks his

THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S lzAC E W S PAPER oath loses his eyes and ears, and "Mithra sends the heads rolling of those who break fealty to him, and destroys their houses."''The Jaredite oath of fealty, it will be recalled,

was by one's head. Yet if a king

overlooked a threat to his honor or challenge to his power, such defaultIt's so much fun ing would be interpreted as a conSTONE

GRIND to cook with fessionsolve hisof followersweakness fromand theirwouldoathsabto him while binding them to hismRma

FLOUR! adversary.* Therefore the king's Electric Range business was to wage single combat

with his enemies. But before attackEnjoy

flavor ing any enemy the king would send finer and greater him a formal message inviting him nutrition of COOKING to submit to Mazda and become his whole wheat grain... subject.'* The Persian court, with

its center, was freshly ground! ELECTRICALLY the great throne in

skilfully stagemanaged and furnished

is every food element courts and of European Evet'tncreasing the model

TOWRITE "'in popularity for DAYretainedl prices—FREE cathedrals.

that Everyone knows brings foc/sl recipes—food other cereal bread and the very Iranians, to the According

with foods whole made food better freshly groin ground first the king, first the also was FLOUR man SPECIALOFFER—

is tastier far richer and introfor coupon Send in nutrihealth-giving of followed immedikiller serpents, with offer of 5-lb. ductory

it's ments. the And—pkg.. Smith Deaf wheat the rulers bearing eight ately by wise where somehome flour, richAmerica's less work is it. thing about done in est elements, food Christhese, says title kavi, of and select or -Minn., Wis. efficient, the Rapid—flour stone wheot figures Electric purely—Household tensen, lee "were human

it's the ground day FlourMill whole reduces... shipped. absolutely no have deeds whose fluffy for flour to grain

fraction penny of o a character."""Those mythical men ENGINEERING CO. Buy from Your Dealer all. LEE of pound. a

3, Wis. Milwaukee It's STONE BestGROUND—the says kings of kingdoms,"are

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, Dept., I.E. Yasht, "that are rich in horses, with

Ave., 3, Wis. Milwaukee2023 W. Wisconsin Be Modern,.. large tributes, with snorting horses,

5-lb. pkg. Postpaid. SMITH FLOUR, Only $1.50D DEAF

D WIS. -MINN. FLOUR, 5- lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.00 Live Electrically and sounding chariots, flashing

Name swords, rich in aliments and in stores

Street UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. of food;... they have houses that

City State stand well laid up, rich in cattle...

748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA they have ladies that wait for them... and shmwaisted, tall daughters

with long fingers... hoards of silver

and gold brought together from distant regions; and garments of splendid

make.""In the castle "where wholeherds of cattle and hosts ofmen are 0at home, there is high feasting and For finest

stout portions for everyone."This

chivalrous stock, the cultural and spiritual ancestors of the knighthood performance, use of Europe, went the usual way of "despotism tempered by dethronement and assassination."* These are

just a few high points of the earliest

IndoEuropean civilization, but they are enough to indicate that we have here no exception to the general rule of a genuine epic background.

It has recently been claimed that all New gasoline the very first waves of migrants into

Egypt spoke Semitic languages, which have been spoken there without inthe most powerful, cleanest motorterruption to the present day.'The

Ammorites, Canaanites, Phoenicians,

Hebrews, Babylonians, and Assyrians... availwere all Semitic speaking, and this fuel science can make

has been taken to indicate a common homeland for all of them in the "Arafb cradle."Scholars have long able in both Ethyl and Regular.

held the opinion that there are two main sources and centers of migraintion the World, two Old areas Octane ratings boosted to allto time, time from which, wavesfrom of invaders move out in all directions to inundate the peripheral areas revitalize ancient sedentary theand time high. It's another Utoco fresh ofcivilizations those areas with

blood. The two centers are Central

Asia and the Arabian Desert. Significantly enough, Hrozny finds the exclusive feature.

key to the earliest of all world migrations to be the good Jaredite word

Kish, the distribution of which indicates to this great philologian the UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

spreading of all civilization at one time from a single center, perhaps in westcentral Asia, north or east of the Caspian, or what we have always called "Jaredite country."'Both

regions are potential dust bowls supporting large seminomadic populations of herdsmen, hunters, and farmers. It does not take a violent

cataclysm of nature to send these people forth in all directions in a desperate search for grass: Just a few

abnormally dry years and the dispersion is on, snowballing as it goes FAMOUS and overrunning the richer and safer FOR FIT civilizations of the periphery. AbraSINCE 1850

ham went to Egypt because he had to: "There was com in Egypt,"and

(Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1956 749 There Were Jaredites

(Continued from preceding page) tives and built a city, named after of jails, and the history of the kings the marginal subsistence for his his wife. His grandsons Romulus is typically heroic and utterly full of

flocks and herds had been wiped out. and Remus lived by hunting, robbing, abominations. Fighting was formally

Let us remember that Robert Wood and cattleraiding, and their suckling and chivalrously conducted, the winfirst became aware of the genuine by a wolf was the result of their havners driving off the cattle of the losers.

heroic milieu behind the writings of ing been hidden in the woods to esSometimes a great lord, accompanied

Homer when he visited the Beduins cape the plans of a great lord and by a huge army of retainers, would of the desert, who reminded him also relative who was determined to keep go over from one camp to another and of the patriarchs of Israel. Here we the rule in his branch of the family. be received with recognition of rank

are in the cradle and source of heroic They gathered about them a robber and a suitable grant of land.*"When

culture; this is the permanent epic band, not a community of pious a people went back on their oath to

milieu; these people are always on farmers, and after killing his brother, Rome, their princes were beheaded,

the march and always fighting; they Romulus founded a city named after their walls torn down, and their fields

are fulltime heroes, experts and himself to become a shrine and center sold.''The kings would distribute

specialists in conquest, as their pheof dominion. All this, says Livy, was all the loot among their followers as

nomenal record of victory shows. ''simply following the custom of other a reward for their allegiance.- From

It would be hard to say whether the great cattledriving heroes and rusthe time of Sulla, according to Sallust,

Central Asiatics or the Arabs are best tlers—all of them bad men and adthe great houses "all took to plunderat the game; for our purpose the most venturers.-''Ancus Martius, the third ing each other, betrayals, coveting

interesting thing is that they repreking of Rome, captured the city of each other's houses and lands..,

sent the most essential element in the the Latins and transplanted "the enit is all a story of parricides, sacrilege, culture of the Jaredites and the tire Roman multitude to it,"in the and what not"as when, for examNephites, respectively. best Asiatic manner, turning their ple, a great lord could make his reThe story of Rome begins, accordold lands back to grazing and agritainers drink blood in swearing to

ing to Livy, with the entrance on the culture. Exactly in the middle of him awful oaths to participate in his

scene of a band of migrants, led by his new city overlooking the forum, crimes.** Coming down to the time

the hero Aeneas, "looking for a place he built a grim castle, "a dungeon to of the empire we read how the to settle down"(qaurentem sedes). discourage any rising insolence.""emperor "shall hurl his spear beyond

At his first stop he expelled the naForever after, Rome remains a world the stars, and his course shall lie

Conference Time....

is "EyeTest"Time at Standard Optical

NOW, while you attend Conference, is the time to get that regufor yearly eye examination at Standard Optical.

At Standard Optical your eyes are corefully examined by a highly skilled

Optometrist to determine your exact visual needs. Then, if glasses are needed,

you are aided by trained dispensers in choosing flattering frames from the largest selection of highfashion, business and sports eyewear in the West.

Your prescription is carefully filled by Standard Optical's own Opticians, with only the highest quality lenses, meticulously ground and critically tested with the most upto-date equipment in the exacting Optical profession. Only the

best is good enough for your precious eyes at Standard Optical.

Protect your vision with on eye examinotion now. No appointment is necessary

... yet your glasses con be ready when you leave for home.

PAY NOTHING DOWN... AS LITTLE AS $1 A WEEK.

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED... OR YOUR MONEY REFUNDED.

273 So. Moin

Salt Lake City

Offices: Salt Lake City, Ogden, Provo, Logan, Price, Idaho Falls

beyond that of the rounds of the sun... he shall impose peaceful

spare those submitways, and who CLARIN remain those war onmake who proud—that is the man!"*'"'It might

be the first pharaoh speaking!

{To be continued) BIBLIOGRAPHY L. Woolley, Digging Up the Past (Pelican Books,

1950), p. 64.

-C. H. Gordon, "The Patriarchal Narratives,"in

]nl. of Near Eastern Studies, 13 (1934), 5859.

nbid., p. 59.

*A. Parrot, Mari (Paris: Je Sers, 1945, p. 208-9).

"Gordon, op. cit., p. 56.

''Ba'al and 'Anat, Text 51: VII: 4111 (in Gordon,

Ugaritic Lit., p. 36).

Ibid., lines 5052.

Ibid., Text 51:1; Gordon, op, cit., p. 28, n. 2.

Ihid., Text 67:1: 111'.

"Ihid., Text 67:11: lOfF.

See H. Nibley, Lehi in the Desert & the World,

of the Jaredites (Salt Lake, 1952) pp. 155ff.

Ba'al and 'Anat, Text 51: VIII: 16ff.

'Op. cit., p. 7.

"R. T. O'Callaghan, "The Great Phoenician Portal

Inscription from Karatepe,"Orientalia, 18 (1949), pp. 174183 for the text.

i"'Nibley, op. cit., pp. 205-6.

i"0'Callaghan, op. cit., pp. 199f.

"G. Ferrero has an interesting comment on this in

his Short History of Rome (N.Y., 1918), I, 5-6.

isGordon in JNES, XI, (1952), p. 212.

''"Ibid., -""O. R. p.Gurney,213. The Hittites (Pelican Books, 1952) Whatever the age group, there is a quality

p. Gotze, Kleinasien A. (Munich: Beck, 1933), 65 Clarin's Proof of just right for the exceptional Clarin Seat chair purpose.

8.')f.pD. long is the unterm economy cit., 1241. -'Gotze, op. pp. 58, 12 through inch from heights each graduate

rivalled -A. (Oslo, year ten Hethiter, Churriter Goetz, guarantee und Assyrer

is p..59ff. op.1936), from Quote Gurney, cit., p. 63. that accompanies every Clarin 18 inches.

-Ibid., 53f; op. p. 24. Gurney, cit., p. chair. folding tVn'fe for compfefe cafa/og. cit., op. -Gurney, 78. p.

'Ihid., p. 66.

""Ibid., p. 24.

"'Ibid., pp. 4752.

Kleinasien, Goctze, pp. 9195. MANUFACTURING COMPANY

''Ibid., 98. p. Gurney, pp. 6870. CLARIN Dept. 65 4640 W. Harrison St., Chicago 44, Illinois

Goetze, loc. cit.

-Goetze, op. cit., p. 115.

'Ibid., '>']. Grimm,p. lIOfT.Teutonic Mythology, IV, 327.

'"A. B. Cook, Zeus, I, 333; II, 83011.

Ae.schylus, 955ff. Bound, Prometheus

'This is discussed in Classical Let Us Demonstrate The CLARIN Folding Chair C. Baldrv, by H.

IV, 156.Quarterly

**A. Christensen, Die Iranier (Munich: Beck, 1933), WE ALSO SELL

2189.pp. "ZendAvesta, Yashts (J. Darmesteter, Oxford, 1883), HeywoodWakefield Choir Seating

XIX, vii, 40. XIII, xivxv. Church Pews Folding Partitions

Fr. Spiegel, Eranische Altcrtumskunde (Leipzig, Flannelboards Blackboards Stage Curtains II, 80.1873),

''ZendAvesta (Yashts) X, x, 46; X, xv, 63; X, xxi, Paper and Janitorial Supplies

'Vbid., X, xxii, 86; X, xxvii. III. Mimeograph & Ditto Machines

''Xenophon, Cyropaedeia, V, v, 8.

'ZendAvesta (Yashts), XIX, vii, 3544.

Ibid., X, xxvii, 111.

mid., X, ii, 7.

''Christensen, op. cit., p. 218.

Xenophon, Anabasis II, 4, 3.

des K'Ed. Meyer, Gesch. Altertums, IV, i, 21f; Zend- & SUPPLY COMPANY

Avesta, 6768. 66; xvii, X, xvi,

50H. Nibley, Wstn. Pol. Qumt., IV (1951), 238ff.

cit., Christensen, op.

ii, 7. p. 217. SALT LAKE * OGDEN IDAHO FALLS Z.-Au., XVII,

Christensen, op. cit., pp. 218-9.

C. Huart & L. Delaportc, L'Iran Antique (Paris,

1943), p. 399.

See The Improvement Eiw 59 (1956), p. 245.

"B. Hrozny, Monogr. Archiv Orientalni, VII, 5-7.

s'A. Mijller, Der Islam (Berlin, 1885), I, 219222.

sLivy, Hist, of Rome, I, 4-7. GET YOUR WARD MOVIES FROM

I, =/fciJ., 33. WE OFFER... II, >Ibid., 16.

i/bW., II, 17. A COMPLETE

2/feiJ., II, 5, 9, 43. ENGRAVING SERVICE

''Sallust, 'Ibid., xxii. Catil."Thexi, wholexiv. land was filled with robHILLAM'S From Missionary Portraits to the Largest

bers."lb. xxviii. 500 FREE sponsored films. Catalogues.

3Virgil, Aeneid VI, 79 Iff. 200 religious, including Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

"Oliver Cowdery"and UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

"Choice Land."Rental 231 Edison St. Salt Lake City, Utah

CYCLE rates reduced!

By Ruth Bassett 200 Entertainment Films.

and a girl and DoY HALLOWEEN night; moonlight A

specialize in costumes for Bride and a groom and HILLAM'S FILMS We tight. held dream every occasion. A

54 P. O. PLACE Mother dad and and

A son—and then SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

Granny and gramp and 248 So. Main Salt Loke City

Around again.

OCTOBER 1956 751 Melchizedek Priesthood

Assistants to the Apostles are

High Priests

Assistants to the Twelve Apostles All of the Assistants to the Twelve

Apostles are high priests. If an elder

or a seventy should be selected to be

Assistants to the Twelve Apostles ties, and then sustained by the body an Assistant to the apostles, he would

Appointed of the Church at a general conference be ordained to the office of a high priest. as General Authorities and Assistants

DURING RECENT years the Church of to the Quorum of the Twelve. ThereJesus Christ of Latterday Saints after they are set apart by the PresiAssistants to the Apostles Do Not

has grown so rapidly and the dent of the Church or one whom he Constitute a Quorum amount of work for the General Aumay designate to perform the ordithorities has increased so tremendousnance. The Assistants to the Twelve Aposly that the First Presidency have seen tles do not constitute a quorum in the

a need for additional help to carry of belongs to Each them Duties of the Assistants to the priesthood.forward the program of the Church.

priests'of high the respective quorum Apostles

President Heber J. Grant, the Prophet, the stake in which he lives. Since

of of the RevelatorSeer, and Church

The Assistants to the Twelve Aposthe Assistants to the Apostles do not Christ, the keys of the holdingJesus constitute they hold do not a quorum, tles, of direction the working under five selectedkingdom, brethren to be as the of special meetings a body First the Presidency the Twelve, andAssistants to Apostles. the Twelve

priesthood. function the other with General Auto of the were presented bodyThey

the Church at the general conference thorities in regulating the affairs of The Assistants to the Apostles atand sustained on April 6, 1941, to the Church of Jesus Christ and in tend the meetings of the General that position. The five brethren who helping to build the kingdom of God. Authorities to which they have been

constituted the first group of AssistThey receive any assignments that the invited and over which the President ants were: Marion G. Romney, First Presidency or the President of of the Twelve Apostles or the PresiThomas E. McKay, Clifford E. Young, the Twelve and his associates desire dent of the Church presides; for exAlma Sonne, and Nicholas G. Smitfi. to give them. ample, all of the General Authorities,

Since that time there have been addiThe Assistants to the Apostles at with the exception of the First Presitions made to the number of Asthe present time are assigned to perdency, assemble each Wednesday sistants to the apostles. form many of the tasks which the afternoon in a report meeting in

Twelve Apostles are assigned to do. which the Assistants to the Apostles,

Number of Assistants to the They function as General Authorithe members of the First Council of

Apostles ties of the Church in conducting the Seventy, arid the members of the stake conferences, in touring missions, Presiding Bishopric report the conAt the present time the following in ordaining bishoprics, and in apferences they have attended or the seven outstanding men occupy the proving and setting apart presidencies missions they have toured. It is a

positions of Assistants to the Council of high priests'quorums. They assist general report and business meeting

of the Twelve: Thomas E. McKay, the Apostles in reorganizing stakes. wherein the activities of the various

Clifford E. Young, Alma Sonne, They also interview prospective misphases of the Church programs are

ElRay L. Christiansen, John Longsionaries and recommend them for reported, and also where the General

den, Hugh B. Brown, and Sterling calls to missions. They cooperate Authorities receive instructions from

W. Sill. In the future that number with the First Council of the Seventy the President of the Twelve Apostles.

may be increased, and on the other by ordaining seventies and setting Also, the Assistants to the Apostles hand, it may be decreased. apart presidencies of seventies'quomeet with other General Authorities

rums. They also receive assignments

as members of the general priesthood Sustaining and Setting Apart of to perform temple marriages, and

Assistants other such special assignments as the committee, as well as functioning on

First Presidency may desire to give other committee assignments. Thus

The Assistants to the Twelve Aposthem; for example. President ElRay in every way in accordance with their

tles are selected from the body of the L. Christiansen is serving at the presscope of assignments, they are helping

Church by the President, approved by ent time under special assignment to regulate and administer the activihis Counselors and the Twelve Aposas president of the Salt Lake Temple. ties of the Church.

752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Meliton Gonzalez Irejo

(Concluded from page 715) Earn More—With Safetyhe always bore them cheerfully. Although his family in Spain completely

loved forgave them, him, hedisowned Ctirisfoptier Columbia Says,.. SAVE those for the temple workthem, did

who were deceased. He never re- [Make Your Savingsgretted the sacrifices he made in beMAIL!

coming a Latterday Saint, and he Pay YOU...

was staunch and true until his devoted spirit took its flight from morMake your money earn the most. o

tality. He suffered much during the big 4%. Experienced lending... low

last six months of his life but enoverhead,.. and no gifts let us

dured the physical pain with fortishare the earnings with you. Invest

tude. His last words were an expres- v/ith complete safety in this statesion of willingness to go if the Lord Allgovernmentmoney receivedsuperviseduntilcompany.Octowanted him to, yet he regretted leavber 15 earns from October 1. With Safity

ing his family. Open an account now either

Though performed quietly and unin person or by mail.

ostentatiously, almost in obscurity, the STATE work of Elder Trejo has been of great ISUPERVISED importance to the Church and to Elbert R.

thousands of individuals. He helped PresidentCurtis

to make it possible for millions of IN SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSN. Robert V.

Spanishspeaking people to study the SUGAR 1056 EAST 21Sr SOUTH ST. Hodgen

gospel in their own native tongue. HOUSE SALT LAKE CITY 6, UTAH ViceExec.Pres.

His fervent testimony, borne to thouOFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.

sands, helped to bring many souls to Elbert R. Curtis T. J. Chrislianser* touis H. Callisfer

the Lord, and, strengthened the faith Or.J. FredJ. LePjngreeRoy Kimball LeoDee t.F. CapsonAnderson GeorgeSid N. CornwallA. Dixon

of untold others. The genealogical

research which he did opened the door for many of his ancestors to receive the gospel through vicarious truly ordinances.temple one was He '''

of of the pioneers the great Church, '/Q'O and many will call him blessed. o LARGEST AND

BIBLIOGRAPHY FASTEST LINERS TO 1. Affidavit signed by Joaquin F. de Pardo

Dufoo, 23 May 1929, Mexico City.

2. Arizona newspaper clipping 30 May 1917 under heading Willcox entitled "MeliAUSTRALIA

tone G. Trejo, Spanish Teacher, Dies."

3. Trejo, Edna Cardon, "A Convert from

Spain,"5 Feb. 1942, M.S.

4. Spanish Bible Records of Meliton

Trejo.Gonzalez

5. Letter, Mabel C. Cain, dated NovemNJOY SUNLINER PACIFIC VOYAGES

ber I, 1948, Venice, Calif. in one of Orient Line's Big-0 express ships. Three wonderful weeks of

6. Records and reminiscences of children sunshine and tangy sea air, with your holiday made perfect by fine food

of Meliton G. Trejo family.—interesting companions—flawless British service! Sports decks and

7. Genealogical records of Trejo family. airconditioned public rooms add to your pleasure. Three classes. Tour-

8. of See also Journal History the Church.

ist class from $263 to Auckland, $291 to Sydney (Round trip, 10% reduction). Your local travel agent is the man to see.

REPLY FOR OLOBECIRCI.ING

By Elaine V. Emans Take Orient Line Suez services in

Australia to Europe—return across

Why am I glad today, you ask—the Atlantic in any great Cunarder.

But must I name one reason for it?

I would be wrong to say it's this ORSOVA ORONSAY ORCADES ORION

Weather alone, though I adore it, 29,GOO tons 28,000 tons 28,000 tons 24,000 tons

While I should only brush the edge

Of reasons, answering, "Because

Of a letter I received,""A bird

Song sweeter than I thought it was""friend"to help I found a"A way Orient"There's Linethe Pacific! no better way to cross

I I read."paragraph could"A

in LINE Agents Passenger General U. S. and Canada CUNARD specific, dearBe lengthily

But, very briefly, life is good.

OCTOBER 1956 753 The Presiding

Ward Teaching

Ward Teaching Is study Guide For Ward Teachers a Sacred Duty October 1956 DO NOT know of any duty that is

I more sacred or more necessary to be Reverence In Our Chapels carried out as it should be than the duty of the teachers who visit the homes THE STATEMENT is somctimcs heard that the Latterday Saints are not as of the people and pray with them, adreverent in their houses of worship as are people of other faiths. It is

monishing them to virtue and honor, said we engage in boisterous talk and loud laughter, and our children are unity, love, faith, and fidelity to the allowed without restraint to race up and down the aisles, to mar and scratch cause of Zion; to strive to settle uncerthe pews, mutilate and tear the hymnbooks.

tainties in the minds of the people and Unfortunately, there is some basis for this criticism. This condition

bring them to the standards of the should not exist. Latterday Saints, above all people, should be reverent

knowledge that they should possess in in all things pertaining to God. There is no excuse or justification for

the gospel of Jesus Christ. May all the conduct other than that of good order and reverence in our houses of worin doors, call theirpeople open the ship. to should our children teach quiet be orderly they and when We

respect family, and of theirmembers that buildings, all other chapel, in respect enter a held should it, above be to their homes teachers visits of thethe a of desecrating king's lovely not think or a and reverence. would home We

to in striving them join withand so. attitude bring palace, our children permit Should to do our nor would we

about a better condition in the homes toward a house dedicated to our Heavenly Father be less?

than ordinarily exists."(President

Joseph F. Smith, Gospel Doctrine, p. Our chapels are houses of worship, houses of prayer, in which the Latter189.) day Saints assemble each Sabbath day to partake of the Sacrament of the

Lord's supper, to covenant with the Lord that they will keep his commandments, that they may have his Spirit to be with them. Here they are taught Divine Approval the truths of the gospel—"words of wisdom."(See D & C 59:9-12; also

109:1314.) Greatest Security Therefore, it is incumbent upon Latterday Saints to maintain a spirit

WEfriendsALL APPRECIATEand associates.the approvalAcceptanceof ofcomereverenceto a housein ourof chapels,worship, andthey sotooto willteachcarryour thatchildrenspirit,thatthatwhenthey theywill

by them gives us a feeling of security. not mar or deface the pews, scratch the walls, throw gum on the floor, nor

But more than the sanction of friends, paste it on the benches, and that they will not resort to rowdyism or loud we need divine approval, the beneand coarse talk. If our children acquire the qualities of refinement and rediction of our Heavenly Father. Those spect in their own homes, then they will usually manifest those same qualiof us who serve faithfully in this great ties in our houses of worship and thus be in harmony with the spirit of the

Church enjoy the special privilege of Lord.

knowing when our efforts are accept- "Reverence and obedience to law should begin at home. Indeed, too

able to him. The Prophet Joseph Smith much emphasis cannot be laid upon the responsibility of parents to teach

and Oliver Cowdery were told how the their children reverence for God in all things sacred, and to honor and key to divine approbation is obtained: uphold the law...."(President David O. McKay.)

to field already is white the Behold, toattitude children, our training ourselves our and thus schooling By to reap desireth therefore, whoso harvest;

increase, will grow will things and of worship we and sacred houses ward his might, his sickle with in let him thrust and reap while the day lasts, that he may in faith, and the Lord will strengthen our testimonies. The services held

treasure up for his soul everlasting salvation in our chapels each Sabbath day are beautiful because of their simplicity.

in the kingdom of God. There are no formal rituals but just a simple service of faith and devotion

Yea, whosoever will thrust in his sickle which will be edifying only if we maintain a true spirit of reverence.

and reap, the same is called of God. (D &

C 12:3-4.) INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR NOVEMBER 1956

If we cultivate the qualities of sincerity, an honest desire to build up the Remember the Sabbath Day to Keep it Holy kingdom of God, and a love for our fellow men, we are worthy to be "called 1. We are asked, first of all, to remember the day—to be aware of its signifiof God."Ward teachers are not excance—and to appreciate it.

the to comcepted. If they conform hold in remembrance its meaning. are 2. In the second place to keep the day—to too they Lord, of the mandments

entitled to his promises and to experience 3. We are asked to keep the day holy. It is a holy day—not a holiday.

the feeling of security that comes from divine approval.

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Why Young Women Youth Speaks hood,for eternalfamilyjoy lifeare andall inseparablythe whole boundsearch up together.

Respect Young Men Who As we young women embark uron the task of seeking and finding a mate,

Honor the Priesthood we want someone who is not only a good date, but also a man of faith, a man (Excerpts from an address, by Connie of good works, a man who is worthy to

Waddoups, during a recent quarterly take us to the temple of the Lord and stake conference of the Bountiful (Utah) there be sealed and have the gates of

Stake. Presiding Bishop Joseph L. the covenants of eternity opened unto us.

Wirthlin represented the General AuAs much as we sometimes dislike to thorities in the conference.) admit it, we want a man who will be

the head of our household in every proONE simple sentence, we respect you per sense of the word—a man who has IN because through honoring and magthe power to call down the blessings

nifying the priesthood you hold, you of heaven upon us and our families.

can be recipients of all of the promises We want a partner with whom we can of the Lord entitling you to success in Connie Waddoups share the sacredness of creation and all phases of this life and the life hereeternal increase.

after. What girl could ask or hope for In short, we want a marriage that

more in her friends and associates? has a profound and intimate relationprogresses from that simple temple cereFirst: We realize that the priesthood ship here. In the Doctrine and Covemony to the celestial calling of a God.

places you in a position to be a partner nants we read: Young men, the priesthood which you

with God, and through it you can act hold is the only thing upon the face in his name. We as young women owe.., then shall thy confidence wax strong of this earth that can make realities out

every blessing, every privilege, and in the presence of God; and the doctrine of our dreams.

every opportunity that we have in this of the priesthood shall distil upon thy soul Since the priesthood, then, is such an great Church to that priesthood. Withas the dews from heaven. important factor in all phases of life,

out it the Church would be of little The Holy Ghost shall be thy constant spiritually, socially, and eternally, is it scepter thy companion, and unchanging an that any wonder young we as women its authority all of since and value truth; scepter of righteousness and and thy truly you do respect young who men void. In a spiritordinances be would shall everlasting be dominion, an dominion

ual sense, then, we respect you because and without compulsory means it shall honor that priesthood?

you are the channel through which the flow unto thee forever and ever. (D & C It is my prayer that all of us, young

truth can come to us, directly from the 121:4546.) and old, will realize the sacredness and

Almighty himself, teaching us how to power of the priesthood, that men of follow in his footsteps toward the fulThird: We respect you for honoring all ages will honor and magnify that

filment of our greatest objectives. the priesthood because we too are a great gift, and thatwe as young women

Second: When we seek and pick our part of that priesthood since in its fulwill always respect and help you in

friends, we are intent upon choosing ness it requires a man and a woman in doing so, that together we may truly those who have found success in everythe bonds of eternal marriage and united share in the wonderful blessings only day living as well. The priesthood with their eternal family. Thus, priestpossible through its great power.

Downey First Ward, South Los Angeles Stake, Sets Perfect Attendance Record

In this photograph are the loyal bearers of the Aaronic Priesthood in the Downey First Ward who, seventysix strong, attended all priesthood and

Sacrament meetings during May 1956. Aaronic

Priesthood leaders are included in the photograph.

The story of their outstanding achievement appeared on the Presiding

Bishopric's Page of the Church Section of The Deseret News, August II, 1956.

OCTOBER 1956 755 Allie Howe Editor

HEREto COMEScook! a bride who knows how

She assures success with these recipes for all brides of today or yesteryear. Mrs. Jack H. Young of Long Beach, Happy Landings

California, the former Miss Loa Gene

Curtis, believed that a girl could be from Loa C Young a homemaker even though not married and consequently was prepared to set a pretty table with a tasty meal for her husband after their marriage was solemnized in the Los Angeles

Temple last July. becoming stewardess, a girl should be the thrill and happiness of it all.

are so thankful! We only wish "Jack and I met at Church just confident that she can live the gospel We

after I returned from my mission to principles in the face of all temptaall couples could know the joy of the Eastern States,"Loa explains, tions, no matter how alluring. Strong sharing the gospel and of temple

is, and faithful as marriage. This is truly heaven on "but it was a few years before we as my testimony

became man and wife."This couple my training in my home and the earth."

had problems to solve, answers to Church has been, there have been Always interested in good foods,

I needed all my strength Loa gathered many of her recipes find, and Jack had a foreign mission to times when fulfil. Following her mission Loa was and faith. It's been a great test and from the different cities to which she

an airlines stewardess and in that an exceptional proving ground for me, flew, and sometimes from passengers capacity proved that missionary work and I'm grateful that I've been on the plane. "In fact, one of my

can continue if the desire is in one's blessed with the strength to resist. passengers gave me the following

I see the Church poster that recipe. I don't recall his name but I heart. The experiences she relates are When

so interesting that she has become a says 'Virtue is its own reward,'I do remember that he was a profesknow what it means. Now I have a sional scouter and had just attendedpopular fireside speaker. Not only

has she interested outsiders in the beautiful marriage. I can't describe the MIA June conference and had

Church, but she has also stimulated inactive members into a consciousness of their roles as examples and representatives of the Church.

One story that always provokes a smile concerns two sailors returning to Utah for a leave. Having served

them a dinner tray, which included an order of coffee, she casually inquired, "Oh, you're from Utah. You

must know something of the Mormons up there.""We certainly do,"they responded.

"We're Mormons ourselves."

Then with eyes full of wonderment,

Loa returned, "You are! I thought

Mormons didn't drink tea or coffee or smoke."After an interesting and

challenging conversation, two sailor boys alighted from a flight with an avowed desire to change their ways.

"Being a stewardess was a rich experience for me, for I gained new friends and met many interesting big surprise is inside. people. But,"Loa warns, "before Coloriul, tempting Baked Alaska—the

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA been impressed with the Church and

Turn a Can of Hash Into Something Heavenlyour MIA activities."

Marinated Steak

Mash two or three small buds of gar- m lic. Pour 1/3 cup olive oil over garlic and \.

let stand 30 to 45 minutes. Add 1 cup >'

vinegar, a dash of cracked black pepper and salt, and a scant '/ teaspoon of crushed oregano. Paint steak on both

sides, and repeat periodically for two hours, then broil.

Steak Sauce

Chopped fresh or canned tomatoes

Roasted, peeled green chillies

Fresh white onion Salt, pepper, and oregano

Experiment with quantities to suit taste and amount desired. Recom- >**

mended proportions are 3 parts tomatoes, 1 part chillies, 1 part onion.

"My job, which included serving It meals in flight, has taught me how important it is to have food look good as well as taste good. It matters little

how tasty the food is if it doesn't look appetizing and as if it would be fun to eat. Color combinations and trimmings

do wonders for a meal. I've especially J-; gasfciez'O"'*'"with

noticed that this is true with children in bulk, about rrnnuP >"It's appetites. have finickywho "'Vill and bakeor the scald % cup n.l>k-!';"Vj "</oon fork.utes. DoBakenot crusts, J'-J'\Xorc of parsley, little things like a sprig the

so, just cherry placed amaraschino 5efnge?ato'tlO days. Makes 3. ice for a crushed bed fresh lemon slice,

r cake or Filling strips, carrot celery triangular package and dissolve, cuts 1 Hash Mirx Savory compressed. or cup dry active Vi, topping"for of to fit crackers, triangular cheese asideasme Qptset o.,ftand glue Combine ji lukewarm in S,, Vz crumbs, jelly radishes, dainty, cleanrosebud cupsted fine bread iVz and additional egg

dishes, dishes appropriate bread and until (about). for Beat flour 2 taDiespu JiVd and nn'SSSoonscroTpedparslonions ounces) cups rolls."bulk, 11/, she hot) hot (and does mean in rise unu doubled add Letftd/J'S. Knead. felt stress RetnovRemove from heat; couldn't she put enough Loa hash. roast beefrZX i'LerRoUehtTo'lOinch of butter the clean a importanceon with pieces- ""Top pan. leggandbeudweU,fj5,, nto 3 pje g into with ture plate, if the even not square Sprinkle was comshceaP /%'rVed.tomatoes medium 2 is used. pletely careful yet she. And BaKe m u 4.5 mixture. crumb Makes minutes. butter. to her using waste never '"for 1520 By F. 350'place at crust, orate grush

scrapers butter she saves rubber and --"dishes has fresh and yet alwaysjam with egg Ur)'uwhite.) Let rise intirdoubled servings.

on the table.

Other "little things"she recomglasses (put in the themmends are iced for refrigerator four hours three or be- 'Make it now, fill it later—only Ky

fore chilled serving cold drinks), salad yeast makes such wonderful crust! // plates, bowls, the and ovenwarmed

use of chafing dishes where practical. says Mrs. Avron Greenstone, prizewinning cook of

She also suggests that a homemaker not Fresno, California. "Fix two or three. You can keep 'em

be "stingy"in the use of dishes. "Somefor days in your refrigerator—for weeks in your

times foods are much more appetizing freezing compartment. Then just open a can of

when they have their own dish. If you hash or beef stew, fill and brown.

have creamed vegetables, serve them in "The secret of this delicious crust is yeast! Use

small individual vegetable dishes; if Fleischmann's cake yeast or the handy dry kind that

you are serving a tossed salad, provide keeps for months. It's the fastest and easiest ever!"

individual salad bowls. Gravy, meat

sauces, creamed vegetable juices, and Free Recipes for other main dishes salad oils seldom make appetizing fare with that wonderful "YeastRiz"crust.

on one plate. These small extras are TRY THE DRY Pizza, too! At your grocer's Fleischmann's

display to: Yeast, or send Yeast Dry IN Active YEAST to cooking perfume what is to a wom-

P. 48515, Dept HH. Los Angeles. O. Box "THRIFTY THREE'S"an's emphasizes. grooming,"she

(Continued on following page) Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc.

OCTOBER 1956 757 s'"""Happy landings"from loa C. Young

{Continued from preceding page) It's just another little finishing touch

Yams Baked in Foil that makes a refreshing change and a colorful dinner plate."

Scrub yams thoroughly, wrap comLoa feels that oftentimes breakfast

N pletelyoven set inat 350heavyF.foil,for 50andor bake60 minutes,in an becomesto add interestjust a toroutinethe food.meal Aswitha slightlittle

Prior to serving, depending on size. variation she suggests fRQ

slit foil a crisscross in the make and ihis the yam, pinch to open gash, insert a Broiled Grapefruit square of butter, sprinkle with brown sugar and cinnamon, put back in Halve the fruit and free each section moderate oven (325 F.) until all other from the rind and skin. Spread a teabokSunshine brigjit andCakeflavorfresh, this food is ready, and serve piping hot. Loa spoon of honey over the top, sprinkle

Gold Cake made with /res/i egg yplks suggests folding the foil back halfway with a little brown sugar, and put under and Clabber Girl to give it a rich, down the yam, and then serving. The broiler until edges of fruit are browned.

color, foil delicious golden will will the hot flavor keep and and yam with a maraschino clierry and serve Top feathery texture. Frost as usual or retain juices skin help within the the

toasty warm. filling Serve with a fruit topped with is until eaten. the completely Our yam

... truly whipped cream a praise is also the says cook procedure same Danish Pancakes Thin inviting effort for the homebaker.

for squash. very banana good

Jimvv Jivmj... v.. FrenchCut String Beans 22 tablespoonseggs flour

GOLD CAKE 2 teaspoons sugar Yield: 2—8-inch layers Cook a package of frozen beans in a 1/2 teaspoon soda

very small a with amount pan cups sifted cake 1 tablespoon 2 grated covered salt teaspoon Yg of butter, water, of square a generous flour orange rind carton 1 small sour cream 1 teaspoons 2/4 teaspoon orange over a Let pecans. steam them and

Clabber Girl extract until cooked. very Someflame low

sugar, Baking 6 egg together, flour, yolks Powder eggs ( }i cup) Blend add it is asbestos best to times use an pad salt Vi teaspoon yi cup milk salt until smooth. soda, and stir and

cup Vi shortening Orange sections between the heat and the pan. Then add sour cream and blend. Drop 1 sugar cup

Sift together flour, Baking Powder, and Barbecued Sparerihs sizesonto slightlyhot, slightlylarger thangreaseda dollar.griddleServein salt. shortening, Cream together sugar,

butter melted syrup heated with rind, and orange extract light until and orange spareribs tried the barbecued has Loa fluffy. yolks, egg and Add at a time, one dish. tiny in a chafing Loa and warmed

city in to every her stewardess which well after beating addition. in each Blend this of are these that "out promises

all alternately flights her. dry ingredients recipes with milk, the took addand from

to the recipe given This world."was first ingredients ing last. dry and Beat collected, she she recommends:

friend. until a only gentleman after addition. newlyweds each smooth by Pour

kettle, prefof in Place heavy bottom equal batter of 2 into amounts greased feel other brides cooks For and who iron frying or cast dutch a erably pan -inch floured 1 x 8 layer round and cake M difficult, risk desserts are or a Loa that 350 in pans. a F. (moderate) of spareribs. layers Bake oven generous oven, two

about 25 minutes. Cool thoroughly. Frost Smother with sliced onions and pour assures success and satisfaction from the

with SevenMinute Frosting. Garnish barbecue sauce over the ribs. Cover and following: sections. with orange

bake two to two and a half hours in an oven, then uncover, baste, sprinkle with Flaming Baked Alaska a little more brown sugar, and return to the oven, uncovered, for a half hour 1 layer of yellow or white cake until dinner is ready and all the trim- (or sponge cake if desired) mings are on the table. Our cook says 1 quart vanilla ice cream

that these are delicious served with a 1 quart strawberry (or flavor of choice) crisp tossed salad, fluffy brown rice, ice cream and asparagus or some other green vege- 6 egg whites table. % cup sugar

Barbecue Sauce Cake may be cut in a square, if desired. However it is simple to tise a

layer layer use matching then round and cup catsup % ice in the exact tins to set the cream salt P/2 teaspoon i/g teaspoon chili powder shape and size. Line the layer tins with

FLAVOR FRESH.. Y2 teaspoon mustard (dry preferred) aluminum foil, pack one firmly with the

it's the Remember, fresh ice second vanilla the cream, and pack 31/2 teaspoons brown sugar in ingredients your homeoff flavor. the the other with Smooth that recipe baked make sauce teaspoon Tabasco 4

taste things better; stay set layers, paper, cover with and waxed 1 cup water longer! fresh

in freezer until very firm. It is also

be firm. Clabber Girl overBlendspareribs,ingredientsas outlinedtogetherabove.and pour well to chill the cake so that it too will

Now Exdusively Known Cut a piece of foil or brown paper as the Baking Powder "I enjoy fixing a cheese sauce for the size of the cake, lay on a cookie with the layer of sheet, chilled potatoes. the place asparagus Balonced topping and or baked

Action Double is it. this the ice cream should cake on for baked potatoes, Of course, When

HULMAN AND CO., TERRE HAUTE, IND, be garnished with fresh chopped chives. firm, release one ice cream layer and

758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA place on top of cake. Quickly remove

foil and then add the second ice cream layer. Cover quickly and completelywith about an inchthick meringue of Enjoy the Bread that's

stiffly beaten egg whites and sugar.

Place in a preheated oven at 500 F. Rich in Milk!

for five minutes or until egg white turns a toasted brown, remove, slip onto serving tray, put a few drops of lemon extract on top, light the extract with a match, and carry to the table your exciting, flaming Baked Alaska. This is

a surprising treat for any gathering and a wonderful way, Loa suggests, for mothers to use the egg whites they have left from the baby feedings.

"There is a simpler and quicker way,"

Loa says, "and it works fine if you move very fast, but the softer the ice cream, the faster you have to work."Cut a

cake in individual squares, cut pieces also enriched

fit,of cover to quickly ice cream with into oven. themeringue, pop and The with vitamins

first method is more colorful because of and iron Fresh at your grocers the shading of ice cream layers and because the very hard ice cream is shaped exactly to size. "However,"our cook

admonishes, "enjoy baked Alaska frequently by preparing it the simple quick course, and, ofway, always add the DEPENDABILITY and the extract."ofextra touch the flaming

Top of the Stove Custard HAMMOND ORGAN large 2 eggs are SYNONYMOUS! milk cups1%

3 teaspoons sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla The HAMMOND deserves the sincerest investigation of every individual or committee appointed to select a proper organ for

Assemble all ingredients in bowl and the Church. It is NOT an imitation of any other instrument.

mix. When blended, and sugar is disIts beautiful tonal qualities speak for themselves in the Church,

solved, pour into four, five ounce cheese school or home.

glasses or custard cups. Place a folded

paper towel in the bottom of a two Be sure to include a visit to our store and enjoy the quart pan and fill pan with cold water recitals to be played on the HAMMOND between the sesto the halfway mark on the glasses. sions of the General Conference,

Sprinkle nutmeg on top of each custard, cover the pan, and bring water to a boil. GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO.

The secret of success is not to boil OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO but merely to bring water to a boil, 2546 Washington Blvd. 74 So. Main 57 No. University Ave.

immediately remove pan from heat; do

not "peek,"but allow custard to steam in a tightlylidded kettle until cool. "If

you peek, the steam is gone, and you'll recipe carsorry,"Thisbe Loa warns.

of perfectlyries deJOHNSON & JOHNSON promise the cook's licious custard every time. After all, L.D.S. Genealogical Researchher mother taught her this! FILMS! Specializing in

DEVELOPED U.S. Census Records and

When Loa isn't busy taking care of Pension Records coland PRINTEDher and and husband new home Box 3188—Washington 9, D. C.

islecting recipes, she teaching Sunday

School or working as the stake Jr.

Gleaner leader. Her work in the Send Coin Only

Church, whether teaching or as a leader, - No C.O.D.'t DRINK

has always been with teenagers, and MONEYBACK GUARANTEE!

she "loves them."lAM'S PHOTO LAE ficqo A delightful

She also admits a secret passion for hot beverage for those sailing. As a native of Long Beach, who don't drink coffee.

(Concluded on following page) AT YOUR GROCERS

OCTOBER 1956 759 How to "Happy landings"from loa C. Young

enjoy deluxe {Concluded from preceding page) them so much is because they've been

California, she "loves the sea breeze associated together since my early years.

"fountain sundaes blowing in my face and the feel of a "I guess it's the seemingly little things rebiggest,"like the are boat. I'd a skilled that always Loa to be

"It's food, just that flected. confesses. wistfully she gt home with sailorsound someday,"way with

TottineXftide requirementsLoa filled somethroughof her Goldenher knowledgeGleaner too.travels,It theseemsparttothatme madethat thein alldinnermy

toppings membersand practicethe ofmanycookinghoursandwatchingfondly herrespecialextra thought.and outstandingI guess cookingwas theis littlelike

mother bake bread and cook. "At those life—everything is nicer by going the

*( FUDGE timesChurch,we'dand I'dtalk alsotogetherlearn aboutabout cookthe reallyextra mile.count inIt'scooking,the littleand withthingsfriendsthat

ing. I guess one reason I enjoy both of and neighbors, and in marriage."

Now make sundaes like a fountain professional—the Towne Pride way! Big,

luscious, mouth - watering sodas and sundaes that are a dream to eat. Towne

Pride Toppings do it for you—so easily,

so simply. Makes serving ice cream five

times as enjoyable. Comes in five delicious

chocolateflavors fudge, strawberry, buttei'scotch,: pineapple, chocolate syrup. Gil QIq Mm

loiUtteXftide by Jewell Casey

GRIND YOUR OWN

CEREAL FLOUR &—Howards 0/ Hemet, California

this sturdy with

gleebees. shot angry the them the years rose with He

stings their fully, to this flower, day loved and WHEAT MILL KowNhas THROUGHbeen a greatly in art, in literature, story, and may be seen as thorns on rosebushes.

ONLY song. It has been called "queen of Rose culture was an important inflowers"and is quite deserving of dustry for the early Romans. On

such a title inasmuch as, with the exfeast day in Rome all important build- $550 ception of the Arctic lands and the ings and chariots were decorated with

POSTPAID equatorial belt, it is grown and worn roses. Traders dealt in nothing but

ANYWHERE in all sections of the world. roses. Gardeners were especially

IN Not only is the rose seen in counttrained in grafting, pruning, budding, AMERICA less gardens, but it is also seen upon fertilizing, and otherwise caring only

Stained glass windows, in precious for roses.

priceless rich silks and gems, on roses laden with caravans Great corn Mill and or grinds cracks wheat, canvases. all tapestries, valuable and to the Emperor V/i sent from Milan grains. Grinds It were or soft kinds of hard

coins used on been per minute. has of flour or cereal pounds with them fleets laden in both the Carinus, and

... Fully by Pehrson's. guaranteed in States England. and United Carthage. Alexandria sailed from and

SPECIAL PRICES TO L.D.S. GROUPS "Every rose has its thorns,"we Roses were flung before returning

Please send me one Wheat Mill. Inclosed is have often heard. We owe these triumphant troops. They were thrown

$6.50 (check or money order.) thorns, according to mythology, to a into the chariots carrying the genName vengeful Cupid who flew down to a erals, and the air was filled with

Address rose garden and lighted on a lovely rpse perfume.

City flower to kiss it. A bee, seeking

The Romans considered the use of State nectar in the heart of the rose, stung

Cupid on the lip. Indignant at such the rose for purposes other than those

sacrias the church with his flew to treatment, mother and connected he HARDWARE appeared PEHRSON legious. At one time a man flower. the punish asked her to Venus

- SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH SOUTH 11th EAST 2102 sacred of public in of a wreath tipped with arrows quiver a gave him 760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA roses on his head and was punished by a prison term of sixteen years.

The rose's immortal place in Enghsh history is connected with that thirtyyear struggle known as the

War of Roses, between the rival houses of York and Lancaster. The

House of York adopted the white rose for its badge, and the House of Lancaster wore the red rose. With the

marriage of Henry VII, of the LanQuarter enrollment. Act Autumn can stili be CALL!for late made Elizabeth, Duchess to branch,castrian

registration. closing date for Autumn is the 8th, LASTSpecial arrangementsMonday, October it is immediately! the uniting two houses,of York,

HySpced Longhand a white gala day thatalleged on that Shorthand Gregg dividends through Enjoy greater Shorthand Machine of the MAKE side one planted onrose was latYou'll learn training. individual Office Machines

the rose a red Punch on Key palace IBM androyal secretarial, clerical, est in and IMMEDIATE methods

Proof Bank IBM specialized fields from accounting bush a morning nextother. new The Accounting RESERVATIONS in: Classes personnel. faculty Typewriting it roses were uponappeared, and others Plus manywith the two colors blended—their

petals were striped white and red.

In the middle ages so important PHONE COLLEGE in it had BUSINESS Europe that the rosewas Young University EM 3-2765 Branch of Brigham Sunday. of itsa Sunday own—Rose

In some areas here in the United 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY

States, Rose Sunday is celebrated.

Nero is credited with having spent EASY QUICK one hundred and fifty thousand dol- "BANQUETMASTER"lars for roses at a single supper. Rose THE NEW! ALLNEW

TABLE BANQUET FOLDING EARNINGS founserved, while werepuddings beautiful for today's Designed

Schools Churches The Christian Way Before water. and rose tains sprayed Homes Cafes Private

after repasts, his guests, who were Officers, Teachers, Church Members enjoywearing necklaces and crowns of—bothpart or menfull andtime,women—cansteady earnings

roses, reclined upon pillows filled working in a most dignified Christian or enjoywith rose petals. Rose petals carpeted way—yourtravel. Endorsedown communityby ALL Protestant

the floors, and the guests were privigroups... NO COMPETITION. Many

leged to bathe in marble -lined pools full time people make $10,000.00 to

$15,000.00 a year. roses. 'BANQUETMASTER"of with perfumed water

u/ith table folding banquet The new offered lifetime career rewarding A at no flowers favorite tops of colored also the choice Roses your were old. Write 34 years by a company cost. extra

of of the occasion Cleopatra. cost to sent at no table On Sample her fully to Antwerpen, Paul Mr van

institutions. all and 601Ave., churches So. IE, 1018 Wabash Room hall for her was Anthony, banquet design of trucks advanced Storage

Illinois. 5. for Chicago Write tables. for chairs ond ell of with to the depth an carpeted prices guarantee. description, and

petals. rose answered writes, "GOD... A minister

and showed me how my PRAYER It was the custom for Roman chilto earn D. H. IdahoLoosliFalls, IdahoCo., Inc.

dren to plant a rosebush on the day $3600.00 first year working only spare

when their parents came home from a long journey. A returning soldier

planted one upon his arrival home from war.

... In Switzerland the cemeteries are SKIN PROBLEMS? HAVE YOU READ

dry, rough, with are troubled if you of as rose gardens because known skin itching given the scaling have up or and in thinking of product despair, over roses no would strewing old custom "GOSPEL IDEALS graves. relieveit to yourselfor healtoyourtry skin,H & thenM OINTMENT.you owe

An anthology of rose poetry would Your druggist has this marvelous healing make a library within itself, as many ointmentmoney if andyou arewill notgladlypleasedrefundwithyourreSelections from the Discourses poets have paid homage to the rose sults. It is pleasant to use, odorless and

or used it some way to convey some skincolor. of

beautiful thought. "The Romance of

the Rose,"a poem of twenty thousand

O. David McKay verses, "thirteenth in the was begun SATISFY. di Lorris, ABSOLUTELY TO GUARANTEED century and Guillaume by H

from it at store, or order your drug Get in the fourteenth century continued In its third edition de by Meung. Jean & LABORATORIES H

151 NEPHI, this of alone, EASTM In country UTAH NORTH, 2ND hundreds At All Bookdealers $4.00

2 oz. 1 oz. - $1.25 - $2.00 of roses are millions yearpropagated

ly. Every one loves the rose. POSTPAID

OCTOBER 1956 761 Good! A Simple Mechanical Plan ButtonBustin'

Frozen to Store Food

Storing Food Is Fun When the Whole Family Participates

by Keith M. Walker

...from (fl0 MEMBER2ND WARDCOLONIALBISHOPRICHILLS

Convenience Cupboard (Editor's note: In response to the series

of food storage articles recently featured in this magazine the following suggestion was received and is presented here as a further service to our readers.)

NOWquantityTHAT foodwe havestorage,learnednutritionalabout 1. Fasten braces to wall

values, per capita consumption, )(. CHICKEN and food variety, the storage project

- TURKEY shown below may be suggested as one mechanical arrangement for stor- f f f/fliBiChicken, Turkey, ingcan andis takenrotatingfrom food.the storageEach shelves,time a

Swiss Steak or Ham Dinners, all the cans on the shelf rotate a half

Fruit Pies, Tamales, Ravioli, turn and fill the empty gap. (HouseSirloin Tips, Chicken a la King wives really enjoy this home "grocery

store"convenience when company 2. Attach shelves, place uprights in posimon/ioe unexpectedlytoo, are quitearrives.pleased Theto assistchildren,by tion, and instal guide strips.

. FOLDING operating the selective food system.)

BANQUET TABLES siveMechanicalbookkeeping.rotation avoids extenDirect Prices Hand turning of cans is unnecesDiscounts to sary.

Churches, Schools, The visual display gives quick inand all Institutions ventory.

TRUCKS 3. Finished project complete with cans storingMONROE For

truck easy modernFolding wayTables

of handlesthetion EachandConstruestorageChairs chnir?;.permits No. TSCor Storage Transport

in limited Truckeithtr'tahUsspace. TS Truck No.

Church Units may direct their inquiries to the

Church Purchasing Department, 47 East

South Temple, Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

THE nlt(m;iae. company

249 CHURCH STREET. COLFAX. IOWA

To renew your subscription just moil your payment of $2.50

along with a copy of your address label to 50 No. Main St.

Salt Lake City, Utah

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA These shelves are easily installed Question: We may be asked to deWhy Share Your Space

on any wall of your choosing. The clare our food surplus. with a Swinging Door?

materials include seven shelves I"x 12"'X 10', fourteen angle braces 8"True, but we have a supply of food

X 10'', four upright supports 1"x 2"x on hand, and the food we want, and 8', and wood guide strips for keeping the price is right.

cans aligned 2'x 1"x 10'.

The following sketches illustrate Question: My family doesn't care

easy installation. Food rotation is for canned goods or other basic items.

featured. The food we store should

be of our own taste and choosing. With the many new and interestLet's be a little selfish with ouring methods of preparing canned food

selves and plan for possible extended dishes, such objections can be easily illness or loss of those who provide. overcome. As a further aid, recipes

Stored food will help in emergency, are available suggesting the use of when tangible things are so meaningdry milk, wheat, bean products, and ful. other dried foods in our daily diets

and cooking.

SUGGESTED ANSWERS TO It is of supreme importance that

QUESTIONS YOU MOST LIKELY any food storage program provide MODERNFOLD'

HAVE proper nutritional ba'lance for every door takes none individual in the home. ir MORE SPACE FOR LIVING

Question: I've tried storing food ** RIGIDNEW COLORFUL—STRENGTHBEAUTYOF STEEL

it fizzled out! Question: Do you really think * MOVABLE WALLS

there will be a time of need? the doors that fold

Remember, negative results relike an accordion ceived from one attempt to effect the The principle.of obedience to auideal storage plan do not render the thority is of tremendous importance modern fold

idea worthless. Find the right way to for our spiritual growth. Our leaders

do it. Make it fun. may only suggest—we must be reAlthough canned goods and staple ceptive to spiritual advice and sensiFor demonstration write or phone

foods will store easily and remain detive to the need for storing food.

lectable for some time, we should keep Remember, too, emergencies arise ALDER'S in mind that the time factor works within families. At times of extended 960 South Main Salt Lake City

differently for varieties of food. Roillness, unemployment, unprecedented Phone EM 4-8444

tation is the key to solve most of our expense, and similar crises, a food "MorePleaseSpacesend forme Living"your freeIE10.booklet entitled

storage problems. Let's store the food storage program will prove of inNAME.

we like, eat the food we store, and estimable worth. Address

replace the food we eat. We must determine our individual City State..

needs, enlarge our thinking capacities

Question: How can we finance? to include the storage of food while

times are good, and feel most keenly YOUR ERA

Buy just two cans of food a week, the need for being our brothers'SUBSCRIPTION or or any other loosepack packaged keepers. yet have Yes, we may the MAY EXPIRE if thisproduct, limit. is your of distinct honor sharing Two our food

cans weekly means 500 cans in five supply with those in need and thus... when you're least expecting

years. Start now! Watch your storfulfil, in part at least, the second it. But it needn't. For, by knowthe expiration by date—andage grow. Why wait until we're great commandment: "Thou shalt ing least at renewing two monthshungry? love thy neighbour as thyself."arrives that before date—you

—< can insure against missing even

a single issue of The ImproveHANDY HINTS ment Era. Check the address label on the

Payment for Handy Hints used will be For production line speed when baking back cover of one of your dollarone publication. In upon the event cookies, line lift pan off with If copies. the the on numbers foil—thenthat with the idea two are same submitted, the entire batch done. when can You "037"last line for read example, earlierthe one postmarked will receive the have another sheetful all "dropped"readydollar. last issue the ideas of mail can you the returned, None can be we

slide to onto in pan the P., oven. and H. N.but will each receive careful consideration. subscription present under your

Brownsville, Texas.

When you want to amuse a convalescent will be March 1957.

child, fill three glasses or clear vases with To get rid of the smell of fish from your To renew just mail your paywater and add different shades of vegehands, wash them in hot salty water bement of $2.50 along with a copy

table coloring. Put a white flower (carnafore using soap. Do the same with the of your address label to

tion, daisy, or marguerite) in each one. In dishes and pans that have been used for

hours the willtwo flowers begin to take ERA THE IMPROVEMENT color the for fish. When you rinse off the salt, the provideup a little and show 50 No. Main St.

your child to watch.—Mrs. C. P., Portland, fish smell goes with it. E.B., Forest Hills, Salt Lake City, Utah

Oregon. New York.

OCTOBER 1956 763 How Near To the Angels

(Continued from page 709) by Francis O. Boyer, Sunday School

assisted by Robert W. Stum, past teacher in Provo Sixth Ward. Propresident, Utah State Photographers'duction assistant, Thomas McMahon,

Assoeiation, currently stake missionis active in the First Ward, BYU ary in East Provo Stake. Frank Wise, Stake. The script was written by

a member of the general board of Ruth Hale, regional drama director, the Deseret Sunday School Union, Southern California, long recognized was film editor. Sound was handled with her husband, Nathan Hale, for

>X55Sv.CN5s55iSSS55S!5!Sv5v5N5

ij

IMAGINE! MAKE BERRY JAM YOU CAN door wivist be eltmer openop or jhai COOKING! WITHOUT ANYTIME...AND

JUST USE FROZEN Richard L. Evatts

\V/'BERRIES and the wonderjam recipes ful uncooked exclusively develgped by LAST WEEK we referred to the rate of speed at which men M.C.P. JAM AND JELLY move—to the fact that sixty miles an hour means movThis way PECTIN! you ing eightyeight feet in a single second—to the losses that finest the get jam with

flavor and color (for none could occur from only a little wrong turn, from only a little away) is cooked fruit to prepare).... made.. readyin minutelto eat soon(there'sas inattention. There are many other phases of this same subno

setting) lor wait long (no made 15<i a half a cost than of less pound..of. finishedand for ject that could be considered, as to the small differences besorrow. success and between safely and failure,.. tween recipes These jam! uncooked jam M.C.P. In 'y)

availability ber-. of frozen 'round the year and business, solvency for example, the difference and between

ries at prices that can uniform you... mean

make berry jams when and as you wish with insolvency may be, in terms of percentages, only a small the utmost Only M.C.P. ease,PECTINconvenience,has theseandamazmgeconomy.undegree of difference. We all make many mistakes, and if a

jam recipes cooked oz. package) at your.. grocer's,. so, get andM.C.P.try them.(3'/2- person's business judgment proves persistently to be fiftyone

'Vou won't be disappointed! percent unprofitable, he will surely wind up in insolvency.

But if his decisions prove to be fiftyone percent profitable, he well may wind up solvent and successful. The difference

BOTTLED JUICES MAKE FINE JELLY may be only a very thin slice on one side of the line or on

SO EASILY... AND AT SMALL COST! the other—but it is a difference of incalculable consequence.

This may seem oversimplified, bLt essentially it is just this

IF YOU THINK the jelly simple: Either we make more than we spend or we spend

is over making season when more than we make, and which we do is ultimately the difgone, remember summer's this. fine bottled the 'With ference between soundness and insolvency. Now to look a

always grocer juices your has in stock—such as moment at another side of the subject: As an old French

apple—you andcan Concordmake verygrapefine, proverb puts it, "A door must be either open or shut."It

sparkling jellies "out of season"so easily is an intriguing short sentence. A door that is open just a

you'll be surprised economically and... so little way can be opened farther. A little opening is likely have to press don't out quickly, too, for you

juices jellies with bottled the juice. Making mechanically, menberries with frozen jams uncooked and... to become a larger opening—physically,

these are but two of the wonderful year 'round tally, morally. A principle compromised just a little way can

well worth uses that make it dependable M.C.P. have JAM yourANDwhileJELLYto be compromised farther. "Just a little,"we sometimes say.

PECTIN on hand at all times. A wonderful But just a little of some things often means just a little more.

prizewin- recipe for Orange—a find Just a little of some things is often much too much. The You'll in fact ning recipe, Marmalade—is another.

recipe the complete them all in folder in every sharp line of demarcation sometimes seems to be shaded on (3'/2-oz.) of M.C.P. PECTIN. package both sides—but somewhere in this shaded area there is a

point beyond which one cannot safely proceed. And not

only should we not cross the line that marks the limit of

WANT TO MAKE CREAMY FRENCH law, but also for safety we should not even let OLuselves

DRESSING THAT WILL NOT SEPARATE? come close to the shady side. "A door must be either open

or shut."And when safety or soundness requires it, or the

PECTIN M.C.P. USE special... preservation of principle, we should see that it is shut. unusual and the

recipe given in the Folder in the M.C.P. PECTIN packIt's another M. C. age. P. '!!7L SpoLn WoJ"PROM TEMPLE SQUARE find You'll "exclusive."

this fine dressing easy and PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING economical to make, deSYSTEM, AUGUST 19, 1956 lightfully tangy in taste, and... we repeat... it Copyright 1956

will not separate!

French Proverb.

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA their successful MIA plays, and Scott

Whitaker, adviser to the Senior

Aaronic Priesthood group, Edgemont

First Ward. Music was furnished by

the Brigham Young University symphony orchestra and a cappella choir, conducted by Dr. Crawford Gates

and Newell B. Weight. No expense

or effort has been spared to make this "movie"the best ever. "How Near

to the Angels"is a film with synchronized sound, in full color, and it will prove most appealing to both youth and adult.

Those who have seen "teasers"of "the film have given genuine and NALLSYS wholehearted approval and have felt the entire thatdisappointed movie tau>) to obtain Eagerness not shown.was I LI % CHthis film through evidenced has been

the orders that are coming to the office for its rental. Bri'-im Young

University will distribute the film.

will do well wards and stakes The NALim lALLEYS inclusion this filmto soon for book on the MIA calendars 195657. It

deserves to be shown to all young CHILI OMELET people to prove that adherence to HeatChili oneCon 15Carne.ouncePreparecan Nalley'aomeideals of the Church can indeed be let. Spoon half of Chili on

plate onto heated servingan exciting way of life. M. C. J. omeletTurn before folding in half.

Chili remaining over and spoon top of omelet.

Oscar A. Kirfcham

(Continued from page 708)

outings,of Fathers'including and Sons'one WIN A FABULOUS

Alberta, Lakes,held at Waterton Canada, with 1327 present, the largest in history.

At this time, the Canadian Union Jack and the Stars and Stripes were exchanged by

National leaders. He holds personal recognition from Lord Robert S. S. BadenPowell, the founder of Scouting, and other ""''''KJruJSi*

world leaders. President Kirkham claims

his greatest satisfaction has been his high A week's vacation for 2 via of the servingprivilege youth of the Church Northwest Orient Airlines

Saints of Latterdayof Christ Jesus and the youth of this America. with all expenses paid!

Another of the great honors in his colorful career was the citation given by the American Camping Association at the convention in St. Louis,February 17, 1950, in recognition of MORNING MILK

his outstanding service to the youth SV/EEPSTAKESof our land and other lands in the Nothing to boy! No sentences or rhymes

field of camping and character buildto write! Just ta!<e the simple "OneMinute"

ing. food quiz on the convenient entry form at

The purpose of this organization is yourSecondgrocer'sand thirdMorningprizeMilkwinnersdisplay.win an

to further the interests and welfare of exciting weekend trip to New York City children and adults through camping or Chicago!

and recreational experiences. It has

an enrolment of five thousand leaders and a million members. This citation was given in recognition of living

persons who have rendered exemplary Ss -o.

service to the camping movement.

{Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1956 765 >v Oscar A. Kirkhara

(Continued from preceding page) tion to Oscar A. Kirkham in recognition of KITCHEn CHARm

WAXED PAPER gaveOn citationsthis occasionand plaquesthe organizationto Brother histheLatterdaylifetimeyouth ofSaints,oftheuntiring,Churchthe BoyunselfishofScoutsJesus serviceChristof AmeroFto

Kirkham and four others. In presentica, and boys of all nations of the world. KEEPS FOOD

FRESHER LONGER! ingmorethethanawardsnine beforehundreda registeredgroup of Signed:

delegates representing thirtyseven Ernest L. Wilkinson—President

President states, this was said to Brother Kirk- J. Wid Tingey—Student Body

ham: Brother Kirkham is a popular Salt A. Kirkham, Oscar Lake City, impressive perUtah, speaker. has an He

leader organizain western prominent—A sonality, a strong wellmodulated and Pacific for tions the years, including many

Camping Association and its federation with voice, and deep religious convictions.

this Association on a national basis; served Out of his wide and wonderful expewith distinction the National Organizariences he has gathered a wealth oi

for over tion of Scouts of America Boy thirty nastories and anecdotes which lend inin attending years many large tional gatherings and five great interterest and effectiveness to all he says.

national Jamborees where he has camped He has written songs, coined slowith hundreds of thousands of men and gans, and published guides and manin four all parts of the world boys from in uals for camping and scouting. Countries; different prominent European

the Church of Jesus Christ for his executive The following is typical of his leadership in the development of camps thinking:

and outdoor programs; on the mountain

trails and around the campfires of the West you can hear his songs and stories; he has BUILDING A FIRE

developed many bulletins on camping.

Here are some rules for building a fire.

that pleased are Mr. Kirkham We could They may also suggest something to youi

to receive the citation. in person here be

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS (1) Get down on your knees near the

OF HO U SEW IVES... wood. Be close to nature; if God is with

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS SILVER BEAVER CITATION you, 3'ou cannot fail. Do your part.

January 9, 1953 (2) Start with a little spark; be patient;

it will grow.

It is with a touch of emotion that I as- (3) Blow gently, give encouragement in sume the honor of presenting this dean of lowly, safe, kindly ways.

all good Scouters to our Council President (4) Add fuel only as needed. Do not

for the highest local Council Service Award smother the fire. It will need care.

invites A\ in HeScouting.became my scouting idol more than Feel(5)theLetglowthe ofwarmththe fire,bethereyoursis tomagicenjoy.in reverence 1 thirtysix years ago, which has been true building it.

also of thousands of other boys now taking and International church seating their places in mature society. Men and Confucius said: "He who chops his own

forty years cheered, boys alike have for twice."sung, wood gets warm is proving its worth in more and thrilled, followed hiked, his dynamic and as the sun brings the morning As surely

and more churches every day. leadership. He is remembered affectionately and rivers run down to the sea, a new day

for his inspiration at the round table, in is dawning, and our children shall live

Ask today for full information, the meeting room, at the head of massive brave and free.

assemblies, as the marshal of the day and utemationafSEAT division of ernin thehillsquietby glensthe lightand ofhollowsa thousandof our campwest- On May 25, 1904, Elder Kirkham

UNION CITY BODY CO., INC. fires. married Ida Murdock of Heber City,

Union City, Indiana Here is a man to match our mountains! Utah, a capable and beautiful young

service to boys and outstanding For rerecently had but to woman. He

all over love >-()''( >'iB-(]-a( )-< those who them—at in studying Germany. turned from say foreign and on America home,shores—we

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS simply, Oscar and Ida, thank you and God He was in debt; he had no money. bless you. He was twentyfour years of age. But

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple Silver Beaver Committee none of these factors deterred him. sore throat and other minor mouth

and throat irritations. Sister Kirkham is a modest woman

Chairman of the Council with a generous endowment of comsuperior execuwith sense, and

is of HALL'S REMEDY M. Elmer Christensen montive ability. a graduate She

Salt Lake City, Utah Brigham Young University preBrigham Young University and has sented this citation: been a popular and successful teachBrigham Young University, February 21, er. Through the years she has manTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1956, the faculty and student body of the aged the economy of the Kirkham

12 Issues $2.50 Brigham Young University present this citahousehold, spelled all the hard words

766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for the family, helped train the chilreverent, refined, yet one of the most dren, and promoted and encouraged delightful persons I have ever met.

her distinguished husband in his pub-... Words can never express my

lic service. love and admiration for him."

The home life of the Kirkhams has Another writes, "I remember been a happy one. The atmosphere father's faith, trust, and generosity. VITAMINS ANDat their fireside is the kind in which I remember his great capacity for

strong men and noble women grow. forgiveness, his great love of people,They have four sons and four daughand the thousands of friends that MINERALS

ters, all of whom are pursuing their reward that love."Drink them in

lives in keeping with the training One of the daughters writes, delicious juice form—Use a

and spirit of the home in which they "When I think of my father, a warm SWEDEN Speed JUICER were reared. They are all married, and delightful feeling comes over me.

Give your family the natural all college graduates, and five have He is a great man, full of undernutrients of carrots, celery, filled missions for the Church. They standing and with a love for humanapples, cabbage, etc. in deliare Mrs. George Y. Jarvis (Carol), ity. I love him because he taught me ciousfor truejuices.naturalSwedenflavor.processEven

Mrs. Leslie Burbidge (Grace), Rock, the magic of prayer."those who balk at cooked vegNorman, Mark, Ned, Mrs. Wade H. etables v/ill want "seconds."

(Katherine),Andrews and Mrs. seconds. in Juice in vegetables grew Kirkhams THE operate EasyDavid S. Bassler, Jr. (Jane). The clean. Easy toto in -*- Lehi, boys sold them and the

children are active in the Church. the streets of Salt Lake City. Oscar u.L.ac.s.A

One is a member of a high council, as a young boy had a strong, clear APPROVED another a bishop, a third a YMMIA voice which could be heard for a city president. Two of the sons are in block. He would attract customers

service.government grandsons Two departleading his At and he what by announcing

appliance ment,of President are and Sister Kirkham healthfood and voice brothers His made had to sell.

for or write stores, fillingcurrently missions for the folder. free salesman. a valuable him

Church.

If the load was not sold the first

Oscar Kirkham's life and his afday, the boys camped at night in the

PENDINGfections are centered in his home and tithing office yard and slept either CWCDCNSPCED JUICER OTHERS family. It is here that he is best in their wagon or on the cobblestone SWEDEN FREEZER tAFG. CO.

known and most loved. It is here pavement. Perhaps they dreamed of DEPT. SJIJUICER DIVISION SEATTLE 99, WASH.

that he experiences his deepest joy better days.

and makes his greatest contribution.

voice The youthful that attracted tributes childrenThese from his and buyers and sold vegetables on the How to Keep Others From offrom his companion more than fifty years, eloquently testify in his streets of Salt Lake City has called Thinking You Are Deaf..

behalf. Scouts assembled from all over the

world to rally to their standards and of make themselves. men That New! SkwlmedMsojuaSister Kirkham says: to voice same has inspired and men

a united famhave and happy "We all over the women with a Church HEARING GIASSESily, to their to loyal each other, renewed hope and with a renewed country, and their Creator. At the faith. The boy from Lehi who slept with Nothing

ofclose celebraour golden wedding the on cobblestone of pavement the $ in the Eartion, at children all the were which tithing office yard has been the guest present. Brother said, 'This Kirkham of the nobility of is the earth. He

thick bows, No bulky a perfecthas been day for me; my as known over the world of a leader or frames dangling

great to advertise is to desire knelt, your bless you.'We boys and has mingled the with

feu* loss. Ideal great hearingcords

spirit ofand while prayed, he the the conductive and great of deafnear type the world.

ness. smart. Be Wear filled heartsheaven to our overflowis Oscar a great commoner. Wherslenderized Maico

ing. great Oscar has the perbeen Glasses. Hearing Get goes, ever he he and makes men

Free! booklet issonality in our home, he where better happier. women and

adored by all. His teachings have Pioneers and world leaders in this MAICO,2T North Room3rd Street,56E Minneapolis, Minn. HOW TO

lives, CHOOSEregulated our his example and Please send free booklef.

fol- I have recognized movement and AND use! Name efforts."inspiredhas our HEARING his is leadership. lowed a cruHe Address I GLASSES are sentences a few Here State for taken sader righteousness. a conWith

from tributes paid by his children. trite heart and an unconquerable

One said of him, "If I were looking faith he still pursues his work. He is

for an ideal in life I would look to a great morale booster. In this field Your Bookdealer has...

my father. He has been in all rehe rises to the pinnacle of his power.

spects an ideal father."Here he is superb, preeminent, unGospel Ideals

Another said, "When I go into my matched. His generation will never PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

father's presence, I feel that I am forget him and generations to come Now in its third edition $4.00

facing one of the choicest, most will be better because of him.

OCTOBER 1956 767 Ellsworth AFB, So. Dakota WE REMEMBER

Dear Editors:

W'hile being an officer in the United States Air Force, I have riEATH HAS called a former manager ''enjoyed The Improvement Era as the best magazine I have. of The Improvement Era, Elder

It makes one feel as he reads the different messages the same as Ole B. Petersen, who died recently at

we feel in our Church meetings. Long Beach, California. In his years

These Eras have not lain idle, since I pass them on to others at the Era he played the dual role of when I have finished reading them. business manager and assistant editor.

To a Latterday Saint in the service The Improvement Era is He was here when the Era was joined a source of information as well as a spiritual guide. I refer to the with the Young Woman's Journal in

Melchizedek Priesthood page, which answered a priesthood quesSJSi.4 November 1929, and for several years

tion at the very time the question arose. I am group leader, and thereafter. He left the employ of the

my secretary asked me a question to which I found the answer Era in 1935 to go to Long Beach, where in the current issue. he has engaged in the printing business.

The Era is inspired. As a young man Elder Petersen Hilled

Sincerely, a mission in Tahiti. He was later

/s/ Doyle B. Tanner 1/Lt. president of the mission in those islands.

Burial was in Lehi, Utah, his birthplace. The Improvement Era extends

its deepest sympathy to his widow, their

A BROTHER AND SISTER TEAM O. B. Petersen sixand children,one greatgrandchild.seventeen grandchildren,

-rT-;i&--rsi r.

Kings Co. Nova Scotia

Dear Sirs, want to thank you most sincerely for the extra copy of The

Improvement Era which you sent to me. It was a thrill to see

my poem "Young Farmer"in the [general] conference issue, and I deeply appreciate your acceptance and publication of this poem.

Your magazine is a source of comfort and inspiration to those of us who are so far from the main body of the Church. May our

Heavenly Father continue to bless you in your wonderful work;

you are adding much to the lives of all who read your fine magazine.

Your sister in the gospel, /s/ Hilda Jackson

USOM/Iran Dear Editors:

rjAWNiE Isaacson of Malad First Ward, Malad (Idaho) Stake, T'he Improvement Era has been a source of real joy to us during has achieved 100 percent attendance for almost six years in our tour of duty in Southeast Iran. We read each issue from

Sunday School and Sacrament meeting (and a combination of cover to cover; it has never failed to give us the muchneeded

MIA and Primary). She is an Honor Bee, Mia Joy, and hopes spiritual uplift and feeling of joy that come from being members

to become a Silver and Golden Gleaner. She is assisting as chorof the Church. As we are the only LDS couple in this part of

ister and organist in the Sunday School and Mutual. Iran, we have missed the Church associations and activities more

Her brother Max has achieved 100 percent attendance for two than we can tell. The Improvement Era has helped so much to

years at Sunday School, Sacrament meeting, priesthood meeting, breach that gap.

and MIA. He is very faithful in his Church duties and is always Sincerely yours,

willing to assist whenever and wherever he is needed. /s/ Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Hymas

Kerman, Iran

Corpus Christi, Texas Dear Editors:

MIA MAIDS OF 37TH WARD, OGDEN wish to take this opportunity to express my deepest thanks to you and to everyone connected with The Improvement Era.

T'he Mia Maids of the Ogden Thirtyseventh Ward, South Ogden I also wish to thank the members of the Tooele 11th Ward for (Utah) Stake, held their rose evening recently. Each Mia sending it to me. I look forward to receiving it each month. It

Maid, their leader, ward YWMIA president, and special guests helps me keep up with the Church news at home.

took part in the program which featured both music and speech. Thank you again and may God bless all the people who make

The girls tied their Rose Bouquet in the presence of their parents, this wonderful magazine possible.

bishopric, and stake members of the YWMIA. Yours sincerely,

/s/ AE3 Gale R. Peterson

US Navy

Whittier, North Carolina Dear Editors:

want to thank you very much for sending me The Improvement Era. I enjoy its contents more than any reading I have.

As a parttime shutin, I am especially grateful for it.

We had a wonderful conference last Sunday and the best speaking I have ever heard. The spirit was with us in a great way.

Thanking you again, I remain Sincerely, /s/ Mrs. Mary E. Thompson

OneTankful will Tell You

FliteFuel is a betterperforming gasoline, and

If you take pride in the performance of your car, cut loose from your usual habits of gasoline buying just long enough to try one tankful of Phillips 66 FliteFuel... a different gasoline.

It's a gasoline that is winning new users at a recordbreaking pace simply on the basis of performance!

Demonstrate to yourself the remarkable performance qualities of Philhps 66 FliteFuel. Test drive Flitefrom a cold start. See how quickly your motor PER-i-J Fuel

responds. Feel that wonderful burst of power as you

come away from a stop light. Discover the smoothness

born of advanced high octane. Discover the advantages

of controlled volatility and positive antistaUing.

FliteFuel owes its performance to a truly unique combination of actionpacked components. Its performance speaks louder than any words we can say about it.

Try FliteFuel and feel the difference!

Phillips Petroleum Company

Stan* response y n.

trolled volatmy

..Kir FUteFuel contains

natural 9"""—

WORE IA.IEAGE--;- -jr:;;eS

-* *%-..

Your boy...

Backyard scrimmage to backfield star

The football suit - sizes too big; the skinned knees and bmised

cheeks suggest greater things to come. It won't be long before he'll In seeking ways to provide for

desert the backyard scrimmage for the crowdfilled stadium. He may your cliildren's education, you

be a backfield star, a cheerleader, or the mascot... but he'll be in can receive valuable help from

college, and sooner than you think. your Beneficial agent. Like specialists in many professions, he

has received years of training for This thought needn't frighten you if you've provided well beforejob. He'll to be happy gohandand the best time is notf;-with Beneficial's Planned Futures Life overhis your insurance program with

Insurance Program. Give your friendly Beneficial agent a call soon, you, and make sure that you can

and let him help you work out your own Planned Future. provide well for the education

of your children... as well

as for your retirement own and for Send free your copy of the booklet, "Planned for other many family financialFutures."!t tells how you can best help child your plan

needs. trainand for the career of his choice. in Prepared

cooperation with staff members of the Student Guidance

Center, University of Utah.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO, Beneficial Building Salt Lake City, Utah BENEFICIAL LIFE Please send me a copy of your free

Noma booklet, "Planned Futures."miiuinee ommnu

Street or RED.'.

Al West South Temple X... Salt Lake City, Utah City

State David O. McKay, President