*'-?-.:

**"X * * * Good breakfast... good day!

Nutritionists agree that the best way to start off a good day is with a good breakfast. Energy for the grind and stress of today's

highspeed pace must begin with breakfast. All too often

this principal meal is neglected or poorly planned. And

even the bestplanned menus can be lacking in important vitamins and minerals. Modern mothers can be sure their

families consistently get all the vitamins and minerals needed for proper growth and vigor by fortifying the daily diet with

OroVita... the complete vitamin and mineral food supplement.

Try it yourself!

SEND FOR FREE TWOWEEK SUPPLY

OroVita Corporation 421423 S. Fifth East

Salt Lake City 2. Utah

Please supply send of your twoweek me FREELj OROVITA Mineral OroVita Vitamin Supplement. Food and VITAMIN & MINERAL

I in distributing product your am interested in myP] area. Please send me additional literature. FOOD SUPPLEMENT

Name OroVita is a food supplement to fortify the daily diet and is

Address sold only through authorized distributors. Mail coupon for

your FREE twoweek supply.

City State Saltines by PURITY llflli FIRST CHOICE

:=t!SP|lfi FLAVOR... ": ': --*';%:m:mm'"""mB. FOR

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Tibet Water Power Potential Dr. Hans Tliirring, Austrian

physicist, in his Energy for Man has called attention to the little publicized greatest waterpower opportunity in the world at the Tsangpo bend in Eastern Tibet. The

Tsangpo River as it is called in Tibet is then called the Dihang then the

Brahmaputra before it joins the

Ganges River and empties into the

Gulf of Bengal and the Indian Ocean. By constructing a dam and

a 10 mile tunnel a drop of 7000 feet available annual bewould and an of More Saltines by Purity of miles 14 cubicflow around water would produce about three are bought and enjoyed than all other brands times the total hydroelectric power of the United States. Dr. Thirring combined in the Salt Lake Metropolitan Area

suggests that a joint Pakistanian, Indian, Tibetan, and Chinese project There is nothing new about this. For many years, Saltines by PURITY

with United Nations technical and have been the runaway best seller in this market, according to economic assistance could make the the annual Deseret NewsTelegram-Tribune Consumer Analysis.

project a reality within two or three Latest figures show that 52.7% of all families who buy soda crackers

generations. choose Saltines by PURITY, with 47.3% divided among

the nine other brands.

Quite a tribute to Purity's flavor and quality!

If you haven't tried Saltines by

PURITY lately, pick up a carton next time you shop and see if you don't agree with most other people.

Barnacles Barnacles attach themselves to the hulls of ships and rocks and make a Made in the only limestone shell. There are, however, cracker and cookie

barnacles which are found only on factory between the shells of turtles, and others Denver and the which are especially adapted to cling Pacific Coast to the bodies of whales, and some your favorite grocer's attach themselves to the bodwhich in I and 2 pound cartons dogfish. ies of sharks and

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

OCTOBER 1959 713 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Contents for October 1959 Volume 62, Number 10

Church Features

Editor's Page: "Whate'er Thou Art, Act Well Thy Part"

President David O. McKay 726

Your Question: The Three Days of Darkness, President Joseph Fielding Smith 728 Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement President Levi Edgar Young—Fifty Years of Service, Albert L. Zobell, Jr 742 Associations,Committee, DepartmentWard Teachers,of Education,Music

and other agencies of the The Comparative Method—VIII, Hugh Nibley. 744 LatterdayChurch of Saints.Jesus Christ of

The Church Moves On, 718; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 780; Melchizedek Priesthood: Are Your

Servicemen Forgotten Men? 782.

Special Features

What's the Hurry?—I, Hugh B. Brown 729

Tobacco and Cancer of the Lung, Alton Ochsner, M.D 732

"Today, Today I Am a Man,"W. Cleon Skousen 740

Creating Classroom Atmosphere, Paul H. Dunn 748

Sweeping that Long Driveway, Ruth C. Ikerman.. 752

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 720, 762, 770 Bin Ratciiffe, cover

Era Staff, 713, 716, 726, 728, 729,

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 713; These Times: Thaw in the Cold War, 732,774, 777,743, 745,778, 749,780, 750,782, 751,784 752,

G. Homer Durham, 716; Letters and Reports, 722. Max Tharpe, 730

John Goddard, 736, 738 Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock DaleH. ArmstrongKilhourn,Roberts,art, 737740, 741

Teacher Treats 774 Harold M. Lambert, 774

On Being a Lady 777 A Practical Plan for Food Storage, George S. Nelson 768

The Last Word 784

Stories, Poetry Kayaks Down the Nile—I, John M. Goddard 736

Women of the Mormon Battalion, Mabel Harmer 750

Poetry 720, 746, 747, 754, 755, 756, 758, 760, 765, 766, 771, 776

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Mam Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

David Richard and O. McKay

Editor; Production Albert L. Zobell,L. Evans,Jr., ResearchEditors; DoyleEditor;L.JohnGreen,G. Kinneab,ManagingEditorialEditor; Associate;Marba C. FlorenceJosephson,B.AssociatePinnock, ManagingToday's FamilyEditor;Editor;ElizabethRalph J. ReynoldsMoffitt,

Directors. Art and Marygn, Ed

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter, Huch Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

JosephThayerT.Evans,Bentley,RegionalGeneralAdvertisingManager;Representative.Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Clen Snarr, Subscription Director;

COVER: THE Copyright Inc., published 1959 by Funds, Mutual and the Associations by Improvement of the Mutual Christ Saints. of Latterday Church All rights Jesus

reserved. Subscription price, an "Salem in Pond,"a year, autumn $2.50 advance; foreign in advance;of subscriptions, single year, $3.00 a for issues. except copy, 25c special

is setting, the the Post Office, Entered City, Salt as secondclass Late Utah matter. at for mailing special rate Acceptance for of postage provided in section 1103.

1917, of Octoberat authorized 2, 1918. July art Bill of Act photographicpastoral

Era Improvement The a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbut return.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of P/fec Ratciiffe of Orem, Utah.

days'Thirty notice changes cannot be madeis requiredunless forthe changeold addressol address.as well asWhenthe neworderingone isa included.change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1. I Saw Another Angel Fly New!

Excellent IDS history written especially for teenagers* and young people. Vocabulary used is simple byf most effective m presenting

clear concept of historical events and gospel principles... $3.50

4. Make Your Genealogical Work

More Effective-- E. Kay Kirkham

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple * Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen-. Enclosed you will find Q check Q money order Q I have

an occounf. Please charge. Amounts enclosed $ for encircled

(numbered) books: 1 2 3 '(a) (b) 4 (a) (bj (c)

Classified and compiled scriptures important in missionary work, teaching and study of the Restored Gospel. Cards are 3"x 5"Name

with file tabs for easy reference.

Set A—Set of 300 cards $2.95

Set B—Set of 500 cards $4.95 City

Residents of Utoh include 2H% soles lax.

OCTOBER 1959 715 These Times

The rich, ripe, savory goodness of

fall is packed in the "S"brand fruits

and vegetables for Safeway customers

to enjoy the year around.

Last year Safeway purchased $5,- THAW 079,784 worth of choice fruits and vegetables from Utah and Idaho In the Cold War farms. These included: apples, peaches, pears, prunes, potatoes, tomatoes, by G. Homer Durham

corn, beans, peas and pumpkins along Vice President, University of Utah

with others.

in States the Soviet the the and United thaw"The "big cold war Many of these products were sold in there the of seemed Union. be sure were to come To summer

in Safeway Stores in Utah and Idaho. 1959. The immediate occasion, to cultural differences.

observers in the United States, was As US Foreign Policy came from

Many others were shipped to other the visit of Vice President Richard the press, a rupture occurred in states, providing new markets for sur- M. Nixon to Russia. Nine governors BritishRussian discussions over the

of nine states of the American union proposed Polish boundary. By April

plus products. visited Moscow on the eve of Mr. 1945, the new President Truman and

Nixon's visit. Mr. Herter, Mr. his Secretary of State, James F.

Through its "S"brands Safeway Gromyko, and the foreign ministers Byrnes, were conscious of the fuof France and the United Kingdom ture difficulties. Since then we

makes available the finest products of met in Geneva from May until Auhave seen the Marshall Plan, NATO, local farms for local shoppers and also gust. There was much talk at missilerearmament, and all the feaGeneva. The future of Germany tures of the cold war, including the

helps the UtahIdaho farmers market was the principal subject. Berlin tremendous fear of the power of

their surplus crops. remains as it was. The Geneva communist doctrine.

talks accomplished little but talk. What has caused the shift towards

Yet the "big thaw"was apparent in the feeling evidenced by midsummer the heat of August. of 1959? Was it Gromyko's flight

Walter Lippman coined the from Geneva to attend the funeral of

FRIEND OF THE FAMILY phrase "the cold war"in 1946. The John Foster Dulles in May? Was it

FRIEND OF THE FARMER phrase was an effort to describe the the opening of the Russian expositension between the USSR and the tion in New York? The American

western powers. Earlier, Lippman counterpart in Moscow? The visit

wrote his book, US Foreign Policy. of the governors? Of Mikoyan,

Here he opined that the world could Koslov, and Nixon? The announcebe better off after World War II ment, August 3, 1959, that President SAFEWAY than in 1918. The reasons were Eisenhower would visit Russia, and

simple. There was no fundamental that Premier Nikita Khruschev

conflict of physical interests between would (Continued on page 771)

716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 't /(;

Police Chief Skousen at the training grounds of the Salt Lake City Police Canine Corps.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many

leading citizens do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. POSTUI*

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

OCTOBER 1959 717 a few steps The Church from the TEMPLE Moves On

July 1959 GROUNDS...

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Warren E. Pugh, bishop of the Holladay Eighth Ward,

Holladay (Utah) Stake, as president of the Northern California Mission, succeeding President J. Leonard Love. President

Pugh is a former member of the Stratford (Salt Lake City) bishopric and a former member of the high council of the Holladay Stake.

Mrs. Pugh and their two sons, Lorin and Donald, will accompany

him to his field of labor. They also have a married daughter, Mrs.

Robert C. (Carol Jean) Matheson.

August 1959 The appointment of Dr. Richard T. Wootton as president

... and your car is of the Church College of Hawaii was announced by the

parked but a few Presidency.Pacific Dr.BoardWoottonof Educationhas beenunderservingtheasdirectionacting administratorof the First

steps from your room. of the college for the past year and previously was a member of

the faculty there for three years. He has taught in the Church

Every comfort and seminaries in Salt Lake City.

convenience "America's Witness for Christ,"the Book of Mormon pageant

Free radio and television began its eighteenth annual presentation at the Hill Cumorah near Palmyra, New York.

Reasonable rates "America's Witness for Christ"was again performed at the

Inviting swimming pool Hill Cumorah.

(during summer season) Announcement was made that the Bee Hive House, on

State and South Temple streets, would be restored as far

Familystyle as possible to its condition in 1877—the year that President

"Crossroads"restaurant Brigham Young died. The house was his home. After the

restoration of the building, it will be opened to the public.

of "America's performance Christ,"for The final Witness was Next time you drive to Salt presented at the Ideal weather Hill Cumorah. enjoyed during was

Lake, be sure to plan the all three evenings. This year's performances were attended by

extra pleasure of staying at more people than ever before.

the The First Presidency announced the formation of the Brazilian South Mission from portions of the Brazilian Mission, and the appointment of Elder Asael T. Sorensen, a former

president of the Brazilian Mission, as president of the new mission.

Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve will go to South

America to direct the organization of both the new Andes Mission, announced earlier, and the Brazilian South Mission. President

Sorensen has a home in South San Gabriel, California. He was

released as president of the Brazilian Mission in December 1958 after serving for five years. He had previously been a missionary

to Brazil from 1940 to 1942. In East Los Angeles Stake he has

HOTEL UTAH andservedas headas a stakeof themissionary,stake mission.as presidentMrs. Sorensenof a quorumand theirof childrenseventy,

will again go to Brazil with them. The Brazilian South Mission

Catarina, and Rio Grande do Sul states MOTOR LODGE ofcomprisesthat nation.Parana,It isSantaa Portuguesespeaking area.

Max Carpenter, Mgr.

718 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

VALUABLE

LDS AIDS FROM BOOKCRAFT

MISSIONARY

DUO Just the thing for missionaries to record their priceless spiritual experiences: two richly bound binders attractively packaged in Packaged in a handy poeketsiie

smart gift box. The Missionary Notebook, official size with plastic folder, the famous com-

6-rings, is ideal for recording talks, scriptures, and valuable I parative chart from the book, "His notes. The Missionary Diary can be kept in longhand or on a Many Mansions", is now availtypewriter. Unique multiring expandable binder for insertion able for constant reference. This

or withdrawal of sheets as needed. Beautifully illustrated; emvaluable chart shows the imporbossed with gold; 200 pages of lined or plain paper; and 3 tant doctrinal beliefs of 1 3 leading

clear acetate sheets for photos, programs, etc $7.50 Christian denominations 75

yffm/dtmme,*S!

ENTIRELY PRINCIPLE BINDING NEW 4 Specially for opening designed thousands of and closing times, this vastly improved binding mechanism will not wear out. The beautiful vinyl cover features electronic

"toughwelded"construction throughout for amazing strength fabrikoid. deand wearability. Gold Will outwear Gertch by Lucy Thomson SEED THE MUSTARD

sign is integral resistant part of cover and and is wear is tale of Linda the intriguing and Larry and how their Here lives were changed by the story brought to them by the scratch proof. The newest and finest record binder on the

missionaries. Thru laughter and tears, these young teenagers market today.

learn the fundamentals of the gospel and blossom into Blue, Black or White with gold lettering $5.00 retail

young adulthood. Excellent reading for all ages $1.00 Gold Overtone on Brown, Black or white $6.00 retail

MORMONS AND THEIR TEMPLES By Gwen Marier Barney 1186BOOKCRAFTSouth Main, Salt Lake City, Utah This interesting little pamphlet exWCfi Please send the following circled books for which I enclose plains to all the world what a check ( ) or money order ( ) for: $

it is temple is used for... what

sizes fea-... 3 4 unique temple... and tures. It also contains a sparkling Book of Remembrance12Binder $5 ( ) $6 ( )

historical pictures) (with sketch of choice of color pointtemples, each of the 1 4 IDS ing out interesting sidelights on NAME the erection of each...754. **vS>

MKl ADDRESS CITY STATE.. -J

OCTOBER 1959 719 YOUR SALT LAKE Happiness the Paradox—and

OPTICAL of Comparison HEADQUARTERS Richard L. Evans

EYEGLASSES A sentence written some two or more centuries

CONTACT LENSES THE thatago isall significantof us so muchin theseek.search"If foronetheonlyhappinesswished

"this it says, could accombe easily wish happier than to be other ARTIFICIAL EYES WORDSPOKEN plished;to be happy,"but we

is this difficult, always others believe to and be for we HEARING AIDS people, are."happier suggests, they than that of course, 1 This the comparative element always enters in—that we are happy or unhappy

3 LOCATIONS... merely by comparison with other people—with what others are

or aren't, with what others have or haven't. This paradox is both

The fact and fallacy, because for real happiness, there must be some set standards, some basic essentials. Yet neither can we quite keep

out comparisons. In the later years of the late world war, the

OPTICAL SHOP latestcomparisons.models ofYetmanyif wethingshad werethe oldlatest,andweoutdated,felt comparativelyby present

pleased—until later and better things again began to be. Then

420 Boston Bldg. what we had was soon again not good enough. This is not neces368 East First South sarily a negative quality of character. We ought to want progress

1062 East 2100 South and improvement. We ought, in a reasonable way, to want not

EM 3-5262 only the better but the best. And a controlled, intelligent, discontent is a constructive quality of character, and a complete comSalt Lake City, Utah placency is a negative quality of character. But if we make ourselves unhappy, or run ourselves deeply into debt, or restlessly

run from place to place, simply for comparative purposes, we shall not likely find the peace, the happiness, the contentment, the accomplishment we so much seek. And when the discontent of

is with us, we should be sure it is somethingFLAVDR wanting something worth wanting. We should be discontented with ignorance. We

learning, "even seek understanding, study seek by wisdom,FIT FDR should of faith."2 both improvement and also by We should seekYDUR KING and of matter, and be grateful for gifts and talents and opportunimind

ties and all the Lord God has given. But because we can't be

with a LEE HOUSEHOLD everything that everyone else is, or have everything that everyone

ELECTRIC FLOUR MILL else has, we should not brood about it. Nobody has everything

that everybody else has. To conclude with our opening quote:

"If one only wished to be happy, this could be easily accomplished;

Better is this to people, other than and always Flavor but be happier we wish

Health Better are."difficult, they others happier than believe to be for we

Electric "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Portable Columbia Broadcasting System, August 9, 1959. Copyright 1959.

Economical Automatic 2D&C: Charles88:118.de Secondat Montesquieu.

When you stone grind your flour a few hours before baking you can really taste the difference!

Choice of 4 mills, write for prices.

Save on this introductory offer. Send

coupon with check or money order for 5 lb. pkg. Flour is stone UNBURNED CANDLE

ground day shipped.

Lee Engineering Co., Milwaukee 1, Wisconsin by Helen Myrtis

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY IE10-59 If you keep your candle new,

Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wisconsin W. Wisconsin2023

5-lb. pkg., PPd. only $1.50 You keep the darkness, too. Smith Flour, ( ) Deaf

( ) Wis.-Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg., PPd. only $1.00 Only lighted, giving itself away,

Name Does it hold your hope toward day.

Street

City State

720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ntoTEcnoif...at your Utoco Dealer

C3IP

Guaranteed Radiator Protection

AllWeather Motor Oil

Bonus Miles with Builtin Gas Savers

ATLAS \ TIRES BATTERIES ACCISSORIIS

Guaranteed by 38,000 Dealers

Drive in to your Utoco dealer to get the care your car deserves YOU EXPECTMORE FROM UTOCO AND YOU GET IT/

UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

OCTOBER 1959 721 Letters and MISSING Reports SOMETHING?

You are missing something wife, and two their granddaughters and in your diet if you're not husbands, one great granddaughter, and taking the NEOLIFE, only ten great grandsons, total making a whole food supplement. nineteen out now and thirtyfive that haveof

NEOLIFE, with its exclusive returned home.

Treen-en research grain I feel this a remarkable record.

base, contains not just Sincerely, vitamins or minerals, but Mrs. Sheila C. Winterton

all the nutrients needed for happy, healthy, full living. B.F.P.O. 53, England

Dear Sir: Science tells us there are millions It is a great pleasure to receive the of people who exist in a "twilight Era in Cyprus. Maintaining the excellent

it is standard for renowned over the years zone"of health sick, but not...

is truly of earmark an the sincerity and really not well, If either. you an

faith of all those in its engaged publication. of one it these you to yourself owe

to get the most out of living. Thank you—!

Never an uninteresting page, always the

Now is the time to Investijoy of good reading, inspiring articles....

is the Indeed living a Era of reminder gate NEOLIFE! won't You ".. instructions: the. yea, seek of ye out Susan Watson, daughter of Elder Osfind in NEOLIFE drug the best books of words wisdom; seek Ezra wald Mrs. and Margaret Tarbet stores; it is available only learning, even also study faith."by and of ( by Watson Salt Duncan Park Ward, Lake

through authorized distribuCity) Stake, has completed the requireReceiving the Millennial Star along with the Era interested last in most I was for all ments ninety in badges her tors... Beeperhaps one of your month's copy depicting the building prohive work, taking an of average twelve friends or neighbors. gram. articles, Both very timely and for hours each badge.

For the of five address At the age of the Susan NEOLIFE and her family excellenta wonderfulin layout.publication.Thank you again for in dealer to your area, or Australia. Canada to learn immigrated from

the possibility she of ten, your family was the becoming from moved a When Very sincerely, fullor to Salt parttime Canada City disLake they NEOLIFE where are Leonard C. Morley tributor, fill just presently residing. out mail and the

coupon below. Susan has taught Primary in the summer, teaching knitting and crocheting.

She member School of Sunday Ogden, Utah and recently was into graduated isMIAan activeand Editors: Dear the ninth of grade Roosevelt Junior High "Where, oh, where has our poetry page school.

gone. "Oh, where, oh where can it be?"

Mesa, Arizona This page added such nice variety to

Editors: Dear our wonderful magazine. tells poem A

I tell writing to I am of call you what so in I such short a space. much looked

a missionary family. William Winterton this forward to in issue. every page So COMPANY OF AMERICA was converted to the in Church LDS of friends many told have my how me England to and in came 60's. Utah the it, they too, enjoyed much so are sorry and NEOLIFE CO. OF AMERICA a had family of fourteen He children and it has discontinued. been Fred Rt. Alddredge, 1, 333C, Sandy, Box lit has a helped missionary. many lived He bring "So oh, back, bring back."

"1 I to the see of one son name to NeoLHe go his native back land bring Oh, if the back poetry page I you o,Please in fulfil I thedistributor mission. a and area also my thirtyhad He possibly can, editors. dear send five his of family, including own children for this its you Thank special on magazine. becoming my

and grandchildren have been on who eoLife distributor me 1—'aNi

missions are at and also at home, now Sincerely yours, present time Name the has in he the mission Leone E. McCune

field, viz. a son wife, and one grandson

Address.

City ZoneState

722 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA!MAN WHAT A WONDERFUL FEELING

...the way you feel when you make a great golf shot

...the way you feel when you drive with

PHILLIPS 66 FLITEFUEL

Some men get their kicks out of golf. Others like the feel of a gamefish on

the line. But nearly everyone gets a thrill out of a fine automobile, performing at its peak with today's great Phillips 66 FliteFuel. Yes, you will feel

the difference in ease of starting, in acceleration, in engine smoothness at all speeds. In a gasoline, it's performance that counts! And Phillips 66 FliteFuel gives you a combination of high performance components you get,

from no other gasoline.

J?i Petfotmhce fat couhfcl

OCTOBER 1959 723 Mrs. Millie Cheesman and daughter

Lee Ann (above) wearing costumes for the "Pioneer Day—Spirit of '59"celebration held in Miami, Florida.

The Miami Second Branch in the South

Florida District of the Southern States

Mission planned the celebration to raise funds for their new building. The event

was well publicized in the newspapers,

West Coast Airlines—now connecting Salt Lake City, Ogden, and Logan oldtimeand a localrelays,televisiontugof-war,station televisedand pieeat-the

with over 50 principal cities throughout the Pacific West. Featuring F-27 ing contest.

and music branch by the A tableau propjet airliners to and from Salt Lake ifcy and Boise via Twin Falls, chorus depicted scenes called "A Camp

Circle on the Plains,""Nearing the Mountains,"and "Brigham Young Looking at a Silhouette of the Salt Lake Temple."

In the evening an oldtime "hoedown"featured authentic square dances. HomeWESTCOffSTMRlinES made pies, jams, and bread were washed

down with punch from a wooden barrel.

The affair, a two month continuous effort of eighty members of one little branch, was witnessed by an estimated crowd of 650. BENNETT'S KRILIKOTE

Birmingham, England How good it is to see Hugh Nibley back in harness again! Now here's a man

that opens new horizons to my mind! One

thing does bother me, though: where on

earth does he find the time to read all those books so impressively listed in the fiZZ bibliography at the end of each article?

Yours sincerely, Derek Dixon

Open and stir Paint your walls Clean up with water Kanapolis, N. C.

Dear Editors:

I Police is hope Chief Skousen going publish a articles book His about boys. No Turpentine. No Solvents No Fumes No Mess! to

light the in Era have Thins been darkthe a with water. BENNETT'S KRILIKOTE is a tough, washinness to of parents us—the 12, 7, 4, boys able wall in paint available 1,322 Colorizer colors.

first his We'll 2 months. and customers. be

It's getting so when our 12year-old perGtUvvtyx PAINTS plexesSkousenussay?"we say, "Now what does Mr.

Very sincerely, Mr. and Mrs. Melvin Barringer \SjeMM&t&.

65 W. 1st South—21st So. & 2nd West and Bennett's branches

and dealers in the Intermountain area and Southern California

724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Baking "cookies"for better roads

"Cookies"Of asphalt paving are baked and frozen easier to see... roads which are smooth, quiet and

in our laboratories, so we can measure how highways comfortable.

wear in all types of weather. Asphalt highways are ready for use within hours after

... cost less to maintain and can be even stronger The man is William H. Ellis, one of Standard's laying

scientists who conduct many such tests to improve highand better after years of service.

way materials and construction methods. We actually By such continuing research that brings you better

build roads, subject them to crushing pressure, try out products at lower cost, the people at Standard are many paving mixes, work closely with highway engineers. planning ahead to serve you better.

Our work benefits you both as a motorist and a taxpayer. Asphalt costs less than any other pavement... Standard's asphalt products are made and sold by American

three miles of highway for the cost of two. You also get Bitumuls & Asphalt Company,

roads that resist skids, cut down glare, make lane markers a whollyowned subsidiary

CENTUftV N in freedom STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA 0'DFlRST

OCTOBER 1959 725 --..

Editor's Page

'% *< I I

::::-Vf:::>-:-:.::,:V;,:v.,:;..,,.,.,,;,..,

iiWhatever thou art,

by President David O. McKay

In my study I have a little book that contains what

I call "literary nuggets,"taken from Church works, from poets, writers such as Scott, Burns, Longfellow, and others. May I share several of them with you?

"The greatest battle of life is fought within the silent chambers of the soul."

I ask you fellow workers of the Church to do again what undoubtedly you have done frequently—sit

down and commune with yourself. Life is a battle

for you and for me each day. Fight this battle with

yourself, and decide upon your course of action regarding what your duty is to your family, to your

Church, and to your fellow men.

Associated on that page was this comment found in The Simple Life: "First, be of your own country,

your own city, your own home,... your own workshop. Then, if you can, set out from this to go beyond it. That is the plain and natural order, and a

man must fortify himself with very valid reasons to arrive at reversing it. Each one is occupied with

something else too often than what concerns him.

'He is absent from his post. He ignores his trade.

That is what complicates life, and it would be so -:-::::::.:. simple for each one to be about his own matters."

Decide what your duty is, ever remembering that the greatest battle of life is fought within the silent chambers of your own soul.

The second that I picked out is this: "Whate'er

thou art, act well thy part."

That, of course, applies to moral and lawful endeavors, and not to harmful or villainous actions.

That influenced me more than fiftynine years ago when, as I have told some of you before, Peter G.

Johnston and I were walking around Stirling Castle in Scotland. I was discouraged. I was just starting

uact well thy part

my first mission. I had been snubbed that day in money perish with thee, because thou hast thought

tracting. I was homesick, and we walked around that the gift of God may be purchased with money.

the Stirling Castle, really not doing our duty. As we "For I perceive that thou art in the gall of bitterre-entered the town I saw a building, halffinished, ness, and in the bond of iniquity....

and from the sidewalk to my surprise I saw an in- "Repent therefore of this thy wickedness, and pray scription carved in stone on the lintel of the front door. God, if perhaps the thought of thine heart may be

I said to Brother Johnston, "I want to go over there forgiven thee."

and see what that inscription says."I was not more And so strong was the denunciation given by Peter

than halfway up the pathway leading to it when this that Simon the Sorcerer said, "Pray ye to the Lord for message struck me: "Whate'er thou art, act well thy me that none of these things which ye have spoken

part. come upon me."(Acts 8:1924.)

As I rejoined my companion and told him what I There was no doubt in Peter's mind about the had read, do you know what came to my mind first? reality of the power of the Holy Ghost. "Whate'er

the custodian at the University of Utah, from which thou art, act well thy part."

school I had just graduated. I realized then that The third: "... there is none other name under

I had just as great a respect for that man as I had heaven given among men, whereby we must be for any professor in whose class I had sat. He acted saved."(Ibid., 4:12.) It was a most dramatic scene

well his part. I recalled how he helped us with the when that sentence was uttered, and so you have

football suits, how he helped us with some of our this thought expressed as follows: The world's hope

lessons. He was unassuming, unostentatious, but and destiny are centered in the Man of Galilee, our

did his duty well. To this day I hold respect for him. Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.

When an ordinary man is set apart in his comIn the moment when you are fighting the battle munity as a sheriff, there is something added to him. of the day, will you look introspectively and see

When a policeman holds up his hand, you stop. There whether you really believe that? Paul Kane once

is something more about him than just an individual; asked this question: "Is Jesus only a legendary figure

there is the power that is given him. in history, a saint to be painted in the stained glass

And so it is throughout life. No man can be given of church windows, a sort of sacred fairy not to be

a position without being enhanced. It is a reality. approached and hardly to be mentioned by name, or

So, too, is the power of the priesthood. It was so is he still what he was when he was in the flesh, a

real in the days of Peter, that Simon the sorcerer, reality, a man of like passions with ourselves, an elder who was making money by his tricks, wanted to buy brother, a guide, a counselor, a comforter, a great that which Peter had, and offered the apostles money: voice calling to us out of the past to live nobly, to guide

"Give me also this power, that on whomsoever I lay bravely, and keep up our courage to the last."

hands, he may receive the Holy Ghost."What is he to you, my fellow laborers? When you

Oh, what a denunciation Peter gave him! "Thy kneel down to pray (Continued on page 770)

OCTOBER 1959 727 Your Question

/:': BS*s

Answered by Joseph Fielding Smith

President of the Council of the Twelve

THE THREE DAYS OF DARKNESS

Question: "In Luke 23:44, it states that at the face of the earth should be changed and broken up

crucifixion of Jesus there was a period of darkness for it was in a solid condition at that time. 2

over all the earth until the ninth hour, but in the Book Surely no one who believes in the scriptures and is of Mormon, 3 Nephi, 8:2223, it states that a threeday acquainted with the great and varied miracles perperiod of darkness came upon the land at the death formed by Jesus when on the earth, can consistently

of Jesus. Which of the two accounts is considered feel that he could give eyesight to the blind, cleanse

accurate, or are they both accurate? If so, how could lepers, command the storms to cease, and raise the

this be?"dead, and would be unable to control the light and the

darkness on any part of the earth. It would be just

Answer: It is a wellestablished fact that the as easy for him to cause darkness on one hemisphere

earth is a sphere, or a globular body, and that it refor three days as it would on the other for three volves from west to east making one revolution in hours. This greater period of darkness and terrible

twentyfour hours according to man's reckoning. This punishment came upon the people in the Western

being true, we have day and night as the earth reHemisphere because of their extreme wickedness and volves. If you will look at a globe representing the because they had, in the course of a very few years,

earth, you will discover that the Western Hemisphere turned away from the truth to follow Satan, and it is is on the opposite side of the earth from Palestine written of them that they did not sin ignorantly, for where the Savior was crucified. The Lord revealed they knew the will of God concerning them, since it

to Nephi nearly six hundred years before the birth had been taught them; therefore they did wilfully

of our Redeemer, that at the time of his death there rebel against God. 3

would be three days of darkness on the Western Not only was there a period of darkness at the

Hemisphere, 1 and a few years before the crucifixion, death of Christ, but the prediction that there should the Prophet Samuel, also predicted the three days of be a day and a night and a day of no darkness on the darkness and that there should be thunderings and American Continent, also occurred, at the time of lightnings and great earthquakes so that the whole the birth of our Savior.

n Nephi 19:10. -'Helaman 14:2021.

33 Nephi 6:18.

728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a series of three articles taken from a forthcoming book, Marveouuu riage,by ElderFact andHughFantasy,B.

Brown, reproduced by the Era through special arrangements with the publisher.

Editor's Note. In his introduction to his new book, Elder Brown observes that he is not a psychiatrist, a psychologist, or a medical practitioner but writes "as one who has had some experience through the years, both secular

and ecclesiastical, with both premarital and postmarital counseling."He continues, "These simple essays are

written from the practical point of view of an observant father, grandfather, and friend and counselor of youth.

Having officiated at many marriage ceremonies, and having, by appointment, investigated and tried to save and succor thousands of 'shipwrecked mariners'who, feeling discouraged, disillusioned, and defeated, have from time to time sent out an urgent SOS, the ivriter wishes to share some of the lessons learned along the way. Also the prayerful

hope is expressed that some who are about to 'set sail'may chance to read and heed a ivord of caution and encouragement from one who has sailed the seas of matrimony for more than fifty years."

What's the Hurry?

by Elder Hugh B. Brown

of the Council of the Twelve

We are often asked the question, "What is a proppsychologically, and spiritually. They are still in the

er age for young people to marry?"There is, of transition stage, still growing and whatever their

course, no age at which each young person should calendar age or physical size, they are still infants.

marry, and we cannot therefore give a blanket answer When two such persons marry, if they continue to to the question. grow, they sometimes grow apart rather than together.

Calendar age of physical and biological developIf their interests, their objectives, and personalities ment are not the only, or, in fact, the primary congrow farther and farther apart, a break becomes insiderations. Marriage calls for physical, mental, evitable. They who marry while still in the transition

moral, and spiritual adulthood, or maturity. While stage are gambling—with their own and other's happiit is not possible to say when a person is sufficiently ness at stake.

mature to marry, there are many case histories of They who are emotionally immature, childish, and marriage failures due to immaturity. In the Western cannot behave as grownups, should not assume life's

States, including Utah, there were almost onethird most serious responsibility. Marriage is an enteras many divorces as marriages in 1958. Three and prise for adults. They who do marry in infancy—and

onehalf times as many teenage marriages ended in some infants are more than twenty years old—find

divorce as in the 2228 year group. With these themselves in almost constant conflict. In such cases

statistics in mind, we ask, "What's the hurry?"each should go to work on himself rather than on his

Marriage presupposes at least some measure of mate and try to fit himself into the pattern of a joint adulthood and maturity. Teenagers are still in the life. Much can be done by recognizing the problem,

process of maturing, physically, mentally, socially, finding the source of the trouble and in a mature

OCTOBER 1959 729 "tf#': ''-

J: ''manner, undertaking to overcome and correct the ment are found when men marry between the ages habits, attitudes, and eccentricities with which he enof twentyfive and thirty and women between the tered the new partnership. ages of twentythree and twentyeight.

Too many make the mistake of thinking mere inThe Apostle Paul gave the best definition of love fatuation is real love. Too many rush into marriage when he wrote, speaking of charity, or love:

with the first one for whom they feel an emotional, "[Love] suffereth long, and is kind;... envieth not;

and often fleeting, attraction. Short acquaintance,... vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up.

lack of dating experience, and failure to use the head "Doth not behave itself unseemly,... is not easily

as well as the heart are responsible for the fact that provoked, thinketh no evil;

approximately onehalf of all marriages of girls under "Rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth;

nineteen years of age end in unhappiness, separation, "Beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all or divorce. things, endureth all things.

"Love at first sight"should take a second and longer "[Love] never faileth:..."

look in a less glamorous setting. The person who is (I Corinthians 13:4-8.)

the object of one's love should be examined against "When I was a child, I spake as a child, I underhis or her background in search of a better understood as a child, I thought as a child: but when I

standing of his character. It is generally desirable became a man, I put away childish things."(Ibid.,

that both parties to the intended contract should first 13:11.)

have a relatively large number of socalled dates to Frequently when parents or marriage counselors enable them to choose rightly and wisely from among undertake to dissuade impetuous youth from sudden the larger group. In this way they will learn to emotional decisions regarding marriage, they are met

distinguish between passing infatuation and real affecwith the statement, "But we are truly in love. We've

tion. Real and lasting love is a developing relationbeen going steady, and we can't stand to be separated."

ship rather than an abrupt awakening and should be We wonder how tested by acquaintance, friendship, and association. often they are

into a firstclass gourmet, The wise when going blinded by the What's the Hurry?/ is availasks list of restaurant, diafor a complete what glittering

able, takes time to study it, and then orders what mond on the experience has taught him will give pleasure, satisfinger of a friend, or prodded by the boasting of the faction, and sustenance without any sour aftereffects. giver. But when circumstances, or call to duty, result

How much more discriminating he would be if he in separation—i.e. military or mission service, one or

were selecting a daily diet for the balance of his life. both of the parties frequently form new attachments,

While physical attraction is essential to love bewrite "Dear John"letters, and are grateful that cirtween man and woman, it should not be allowed to cumstances intervened and prevented what might have 4 become paramount. Mutual emotional responses do been a sad mistake.

not guarantee love or assure a good marriage. InAnd later when the same marriage counselors, again

fatuation may be romantic, glamorous, thrilling, and dealing with impetuous youth, are trying to dissuade even urgent, but genuine love should not be in a them from sudden and emotional decisions regarding hurry. The young and immature are too often motidivorce, they hear the plaintive cry, "We're convated by impulse and emotion. The young girl who genial in a way, but somehow our marriage isn't what

ecstatically exclaims, "He has that certain something,"we expected. We still lave each other—we think—but

may see the day when she will wish he had "somethings just don't go right. We had a beautiful wedthing certain."ding, and a wonderful honeymoon, but we aren't

How often the hopes and wishful thinking of unhappy. Perhaps we should not have married at all."

wise and immature young people are wrecked in the Such people seemingly expected passionate and quiet calm of better acquaintance, leaving heartache, impetuous association to continue unabated, without emotional and spiritual scars, and sometimes ineradibeing fed, nurtured, and kept growing during storms cable stains. as well as in sunshine. All living things need susteAfter marriage, mature judgment and wise decision nance, and if they stop growing, they begin to die.

are called for almost daily, and weighty problems Love is a very tender plant; when properly nourished,

must be met and solved. We speak not only of it becomes sturdy and enduring, but neglected it will

calendar age, or merely physical age, but also of soon wither and die.

actual maturity, mental, emotional, and spiritual. StaChildish love, though it be a sweet and beautiful

tistics on marriage show that the best levels of adjustthing at times, is often (Continued on page 769)

OCTOBER 1959 731 the Lung and Cancer of

by Alton Odhsner, M.D.

Past President, American College of Surgeons

President, American Cancer Society

Cancer of the long is a disease which '.thirty or day or more, twothirds of them are men. But it

forty years ago virtually did not exist. It was so isn't the people that smoke today who necessarily

infrequent that one almost did not consider its ocdevelop cancer today. It is those that began twenty

curring, I went through four years of medicine and years ago, because there is a lag period in the producsaw one case of cancer of the lung. It was such a tion of cancer by a cancerproducing agent.

rarity that the whole student body Went down to the We know several cancerproducing agents; coal tar

autopsy room to see this case autopsied. Now cancer is one of them. There are a number of chemical

of the lung has become the most frequent of all agents that are known cancerproducing agents. And

cancers. Up until 1955, when one considers all canwhen we produce cancer experimentally, we breed

cers, cancer of the lung was second to one other up animals so that they all react the same way. We

cancer, namely cancer of the breast. How it is the can breed up animals (guinea pigs or mice) so that

most frequent of all cancers. This disease has gone every one of them will develop cancer spontaneously.

from negativity up to the most prominent of all. Conversely, we can breed animals so that none of

Cancer of the lung affects males primarily; about them will develop cancer even though one applies

85 percent of our patients are men. However, up the most powerful of cancerproducing agents. When

until the mid1930's it affected women and men with we work with animals to determine the cancerpro- equal efficiency. About the mid19S0*s, there was a ducing agents in smoke, for instance, or other agents,

tremendous increase in the incidence of cancer of the we breed up animals that develop cancer when the lung m men, and there has been a slight increase in cancerproducing agent is applied, but will not cancer of the lung in women. develop cancer spontaneously.

Why did that occur? It occurred because twenty In the experimental production of cancer, if we

years earlier, at the beginning of World War I in apply a cancerproducing agent to the skin of animals 1914, men began to smoke cigarets heavily, and the and apply it every day, we will get a cancer in X twentyyear lag between 1914 and the mid4930's was number of days. If we apply it every other day it

just about the length of time necessary for the cancerwill take 2X number of days; if we apply it every

producing effect of cigaret smoke to exert itself. That third day it will take SX number of days. In other

is the reason why it is a disease of men today; Howwords, we can determine with mathematical preever, it is increasing in women. I'm frequently told cision fust when cancer will develop.

that women smoke as much as men. They do not. Frequently I hear, "My uncle who is ninetyfive

Of all the people who smoke a pack of cigarets a vears of age has smoked all of his life, and he doesn't

Because of the vital importance of this subject, and our desire that the valuable information contained in the article which follows may reach as many of the Church members and others as possible, it is being printed this month in both The Improvement Era and The Instructor.

Dr. Alton Ochsner is president of the Cordell Hull Foundation for International

Education, past president and a regent of the American College of Surgeons, president of the Alton Ochsner Medical Foundation, and consultant to numerous organizations and medical societies. A lengthy list would enumerate other important medical and

surgical societies of which Dr. Ochsner has been past president. He is known worldwide for his service, and has received many honorary degrees from Europe, Central,

and South America. He has authored over four hundred articles which have appeared

in current magazines and journals. Few people are as well informed with the factual

evidence of cigaret smoking as a causative factor in lung cancer.

This article is taken from an address delivered by Dr. Ochsner at Brigham Young

Dr. Alton Ochsner University on May 20, 1959. The Editors.*

have cancer."I'm sure that is true, and we see some than they do in England. It is true that the incidence

people who have never smoked who develop cancer of cancer of the lung is higher in England than it is of the lung spontaneously, which is extremely rare. here, and also it is true that we smoke more than our

Humans are not bred the way experimental animals British cousins do. But we have smoked more than

are bred. Some of us are susceptible to cancer; some the British only for the past ten years. Prior to ten

of us are extremely resistant. Those who are suscepyears ago, they smoked much more than we, and

tible require a cancerproducing agent for a relatively they are paying the price for their excessive smoking short period of time. Those who are resistant refor the past twentyfive years.

quire it for a long period of time. It is frightening to me to think what is going to

To demonstrate that lung cancer has increased happen to us in another ten or fifteen years when tremendously, in the state of New York, where vital our smoking habits catch up with us. To show how

statistics are extremely valid, from 1935 to 1950 serious it is in England, in 1954, of all the deaths cancer of the lung increased in men 386 percent, in men between the ages of fortyfive and fiftyfive, during which time all other cancers increased only the most productive years of a man's life, ten percent 2 percent. During this same period of time, cancer died of cancer of the lung; that is, one out of every

of the lung increased in women 68 percent, during ten men dying between fortyfive and fiftyfive died which time all other cancers decreased 15 percent. It of cancer of the lung. It is going to be much worse

is the only cancer that is increasing in both sexes. here in another fifteen or twenty years.

This is true not only in our own country, but it is You hear people say, "It is not cigaret smoke; it is

also true in other civilized countries where smoking the smog."One of the arguments given for the high

is prevalent. In England, for instance, where until incidence in London is the smog. One might accept

about ten years ago smoking was much more prevalent this argument were it not for the fact that immediately than here, from 1934 to 1954 cancer of the lung inacross the North Sea in Denmark, where people creased thirtyeightfold. In Holland during this smoke the same as they do in England and where

same period of time, cancer of the lung increased the incidence of cancer of the lung is the same as it tenfold in women and twentyfourfold in men. is in England, there is no smog, whatsoever. Accord-

'The statement is frequently made that there can ing to the United States Public Health statistics the be no causal relationship between smoking and cancer incidence of cancer of the lung is higher in New because if there were, we would have more of it Orleans than in any other city in the United States.

than they do in England because we smoke more "Extra copies of this address are available at BYU at 15c a copy.

OCTOBER 1959 733 New Orleans has no smog. And if smog were the cause, ciety embarked upon an investigative program. In

women should have cancer as frequently as men. the determination of statistics there are two types.

Cancer is primarily a disease of older age. It is One is a retrospective method, which is the method

one of the prices that we pay for longevity, and alwe used originally. We found that of all our patients

though more children between the ages of three and with cancer of the lung, 98V2 percent were heavy fifteen die of cancer than any other cause, cancer is smokers. That is the retrospective method, and it

rare in children. Of all the persons ninety years of is criticized by biostatisticians because they say it

age, a greater percentage will have cancer than concerns a selected group. In other words, those are

those eighty and so on. individuals who have cancer of the lungs.

There is only one cancer that doesn't follow this The prospective type of statistical study consists pattern, that doesn't increase with advancing ageOJ of taking a large number of well people, such as you and that is cancer of the lung. and I, and getting their smoking histories, if you are

Cancer of the lung goes up very sharply to reach interested in the effects of smoking, and then follow- a peak age at fiftyfive, following which, with the ing them for long periods of time to see what happens advancing years, there is a decrease in its incidence. to them. That is exactly what the American Cancer

It is the only cancer in the body that doesn't follow Society did. Twentytwo thousand volunteer workers,

the pattern of all other cancers. The reason it young women throughout the United States, interdoesn't is that individuals who have smoked heavily viewed two hundred thousand men between the ages

have subjected their heart and blood of fifty and seventy. Those are the

vessels to the deleterious effects of toages in which cancer of the lung ocbacco and as a result develop coronary curs. Each of these young women had

thrombosis, die, and don't live long each of the men fill out an elaborate enough to develop cancer of the lung. questionnaire concerning his smoking

A dubious advantage of smoking, therehabits—whether he smoked at all, what

fore, is that you can spare yourself a he smoked, how much he had smoked, cancer of the lung death by smoking if he had ever stopped, if he had ever heavily and dying early of a coronary taken it up again. These questionnaires

disease. were filed with the Cancer Society headOne might carry this ludicrous analogy a little bit quarters in New York. Each year, each of the young

farther and say, "You might spare yourself death of women reinterviewed each of the men she had both of these causes by shooting yourself at forty,"interviewed the year before. After the sixyear

which no one would suggest. But it is suicide, no period of time, twelve thousand of the men had died.

matter how you look at it. Whether you put a bullet When a man died, she got a photostat of the death

to your head or whether you smoke, it is suicide. certificate. If he had died of cancer and an autopsy

The only difference is that you could put a bullet or biopsy had been performed on him, she got a secthrough your head quickly and cheaply. If you tion of the tissue and sent that into the Cancer Society

smoke, death is prolonged; it is expensive, and it is headquarters.

painful; but it is still suicide. The result of that study showed that not only was

Many people say that there is no relationship bethere a difference in the incidence of cancer of the tween smoking and cancer. They say it hasn't been lung in the smoker and the nonsmoker, but also the

proved. I have yet to see the physician who will not incidence of cancer of the lung varied with the amount

admit that there is a causal relationship, except two smoked. It was the lowest in the nonsmoker, next

individuals who are in the employ of a tobacco higher in those who smoked up to a half a pack a company. I can assure you that smoking is an addicday, still higher in those who smoked from a half a

tion. When I tell a man, as I have, that he must pack to a pack, higher in those who smoked over

stop smoking or lose his legs, and he tells me he a pack a day, and highest in those who smoked would rather lose his legs than stop smoking and over two packs a day. It was almost like a mileage

continues smoking and loses his legs, that is an ticket. One could determine how soon he was going

addiction. to develop cancer by the amount he smoked.

About seven years ago, the American Cancer SoThis study showed that the overall death rate

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA among cigaret smokers was 105 percent higher than smoking, if the heavy smoker discontinues smoking, among the nonsmokers. The death rate from heart the incidence of cancer becomes less. If he has disdisease was 125 percent higher among cigaret smokers continued fewer than ten years, the incidence is not

than among nonsmokers, and the death rate from as high as if he continued. If he discontinued more

cancer of the lung was 800 percent higher among than ten years, it is lower than if he discontinued less cigaret smokers than among nonsmokers. And yet than ten years. The study the American Cancer Sothere are still people that say it has never been ciety made has been corroborated by two subseproved. quent, independent studies; one by the Veterans'

Frequently I am told by men who smoked for a Administration in which a much larger group of long period of time, "As far as I am concerned, it men was investigated with exactly the same finding.

won't do any good to stop because the die has alIt was also corroborated by two Englishmen, Dahl ready been cast."That is not necessarily true. It and Hill; the onlv difference there is that the latter

may be true, as it was in the case of Dr. Evarts study was limited to the medical profession. One

Graham. Dr. Graham, who was a great scientist, cannot disregard these studies.

professor of surgery at my alma mater, Washington There are six cigaret companies in the United States

University in St. Louis, used to chide me about the that spend a million dollars a day in federal tax

relationship of smoking and cancer. He himself was alone. The taxes paid by the industry amount to

a heavy smoker. He did not think there was a causal over two and three quarter billion dollars a year.

relationship. I must admit that from That does not include the cost of the

the beginning my reasons for my claims raw product; that does not include the

were pretty nebulous. They were based labor; that does not include that very

upon two facts: one, at that time I had inconsequential item of advertising,

never seen a patient with cancer of the which last year amounted to about lung who had not been a heavy smoker; $125,000,000. We are talking about a

the other was that there was a parallelmultibillion dollar industrv. Far be it

ism between consumption of cigarets from me to want to interfere with the and incidence of cancer of the lung. economy of our nation, but what good

Dr. Graham used to say, "Yes, there is a is our economy if we destroy the health

parallelism between the consumption of cigarets and of our nation? And that is what we are doing. We

the incidence of cancer of the lung, but there is also are certainly undermining the health of our nation.

a parallelism between the incidence of cancer of the There is additional evidence that cancer is prolung and the sale of nylon stockings,"which there duced by smoking. I attended a cancerof-thelung

was about fifteen years ago. Dr. Graham, however, committee meeting of the American Cancer Society

subsequently became convinced (and I will tell you in New York several years ago. Someone made the

later about some research he did) that there was a statement: "There can be no causal relationship

causal relationship; and he stopped smoking. He died between smoking and cancer because if there were,

of cancer of the lung. The saddest letter I ever got in why don't we see precancerous conditions?"Not

my life I got from Evarts Graham three weeks before being a pathologist, this worried me a great deal he died. He said, "I just want to let you know, since until I returned to New Orleans and talked to Dr.

I know of your interest, that they've just found that Dunlap, our professor of pathology at Tulane, and

I've got cancer in both of my lungs. You know, I asked him about it. He thought for a moment, and

stopped smoking four years ago, but after smoking then he said: "We don't look for them."So he started

two packs of cigarets a day for over fifty years, too one of the young pathologists in the department on much damage had been done."this project. He took pieces of tissue out of the

The American Cancer Society study showed, howbronchial tubes of men being autopsied and examined ever, that the changes that occur in bronchial mucous the tissue. In the nonsmoker, the mucous membrane

membrane are not necessarily irreversible. They looks just as mine does. In the moderate smoker,

have shown that whereas the incidence of cancer of there is definitely abnormal increase in the number the lung is lowest in the nonsmoker and highest in of cells. In the heavy smoker, definite precancerous

the smoker who has smoked heavily and continued conditions are present. (Continued on page 766)

OCTOBER 1959 735 Hi Editors'Note: Salt Lake City born John Melvin Impossible! Why you must be crackers!"I had to

Goddard, a former LDS missionary and combat flier laugh as I recalled the derisive exclamation of a with the Army Air Corps during World War II, ranks as British customs officer at Mombasa the day we landed one of the country's foremost young explorers. on African soil. His gibe, tactless as it was, exempliAt the early age of sixteen he had already begun fied the general thumbsdown attitude toward the

his career by plumbing the wilds of the Okefinoke Nile expedition which we three had come to accept

Swamp and the Everglades and, at 21, the dense as inevitable. It seemed every official, authority, and

jungles of South America with his father. He has expert, selfstyled or genuine, we met, from Paris to

climbed the Matterhorn, Vesuvius, Popocatepetl, Kilithe Congo, responded with skepticism and disfavor manjaro, and the Grand Tetons. He has explored and when they learned that we had dedicated ourselves

photographed the Nile, Colorado, and Congo rivers. to the neverbefore-accomplished feat of exploring

The Improvement Era here presents the beginning the entire 4,160mile length of the longest river on of a series of previously unpublished articles from a earth. They unequivocally condemned our project

forthcoming book on the first of the young explorers with words like "A foolhardy attempt to do the imriver safaris. This was the daring exploration of the possible,""a journey hazardous beyond expression,"

River Nile. "a triple suicide by kayak."

Wendell Phillips, president of the American FoundaThough at all times helpful and hospitable they tion for the Study of Man, ranks Elder Goddard's Nile were unwaveringly pessimistic about the outcome of adventure "... alongside the epic 'Kon Tiki,'and the our unprecedented undertaking, and seemed duty-,

recent Mount Everest expedition,"as one of the "... bound to detail the obstacles which turned back

great feats of exploration and physical endurance of explorers of old and which would face us during our all time...."

The Nile is the life's blood of Egypt and the Sudan.

It vitally affects all of Uganda, onethird of Ethiopia, The three Nileteers (left to right): John Goddard, Andre Davy,

and parts of Kenya, Tanganyika, RuandaUrundi, and and Jean LaPorte in their 60 lb. 15 ft. specially constructed

the Belgian Congo. Elder Goddard and his two kayaks—the boats thethatlongesttook themriver doivnon earth.the entire length of

French companions, Jean LaPorte and Andre Davy, conquered its entire 4,160mile length in small, light kayaks.

Mixed emotions filled our hearts as my two French companions, Jean LaPorte and Andre Davy, and I stood solemnly surveying the vast African panorama stretched before us. After months of exhausting research, preparation, and travel, with frequent setbacks and disappointments, we had at last reached

the threshold of the FrenchAmerican Nile Expedition—a windswept mountaintop, 6,700 feet high in

the heart of Africa. Here, four degrees below the

equator, in the grasscovered highlands of Urundi, a pintsized country bordering the Belgian Congo, we located the fountainhead, the most remote source, the very birth of. the Queen of Rivers, the mighty Nile!

"A trip down the whole Nile in those cockleshells?

736 THE IMPROVEMENT.ERA

v \ '- M - T i','. NILEDOWN THE

Part I

by John M. Goddard

Nile, when in 1862 the British explorer John Speke became the first white man to behold its colossal expanse.

Considering the Nile has functioned for over 5,000 years as a most supremely important and influential watercourse, it seemed unbelievable that no expedition had ever succeeded in traveling the full length of the great river. It was a fact that

made our own attempt a transcendent challenge.

Originally we planned to start our

Nile odyssey at the point where the river first debouches from Lake

Victoria, since the lake is generally accepted as the most distant source;

hut after much study and thought

I decided that we must embark at no other place than at the earliest beginning of the Nile, which was not Lake Victoria but, from a technical, geographical view, the headsprings of its main feeder, the

John Goddard friends makes with two Kagera River. I realized at the time captured, newly rhinos. rare white

that the decision, if followed, entailed considerably more time, effort, and hardship, but a Latterday

Saint upbringing had taught me that expedition unchanged: the same feverridden jungles, nothing really worth while in life is ever attained withthe trackless swamps, treacherous cataracts, deadly out concomitant sacrifice and struggle, and a thing

diseases, suffocating sandstorms, the hostile natives, worth doing at all should be done thoroughly and to and the incessant heat, hunger, and hardships. the best of one's ability.

Pondering all these formidable stumbling blocks With Jean and Andre in complete accord with this we couldn't deny they had a sound basis for their crucial change of plans we proceeded to track down gloomy convictions. However, we had carefully the isolated headwaters of the Kagera, most important

weighed all these negative factors during our painsfeeder of the dozen or more tributaries flowing into taking research before setting forth and had reached Lake Victoria, to their origin in Urundi, little dreamthe firm conclusion that with careful planning, coming that our efforts would bring us to a nearfatal mon sense, and divine guidance we could surmount disaster.

all difficulties. From Mombasa, the chief port of Kenya Colony,

Since the dawn of human history the Nile has fired we had penetrated into the African hinterland in the imaginations of men with its fascinating challenge. several stages by means of the jeeps and lorries of

Over the centuries numerous expeditions had been accommodating government officials, until now, sent out to trace its interminable channel through three weeks later, we stood at the head of the Kagera

Africa and to solve one of the most ancient and perRiver, exulting in the momentous success of reaching plexing enigmas of geography—the mystery of its the first of our two supreme goals yet awed by the

sources. Despite the many attempts, it wasn't until sight which few white men have ever had the privi1770 that a Scotchman, James Bruce, a great scientific lege of beholding, the birthplace of the Nile.

explorer of Africa, discovered the source of the Blue Certainly the actual appearance of the source—ten

Nile near Lake Tana in Ethiopia, and less than a little springs gently gushing out of the rocky hillside hundred years ago that Lake Victoria was discovered at our feet—was far from dramatic. Few important

and recognized as the head reservoir of the White rivers in fact have a more humble, unpretentious

738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA beginning. By comparison the start of the immense Little did we realize that it was nearly to be the

Mississippi, a healthy brook flowing out of Lake last time.

Itasca in Minnesota, was more impressive to me It is a queer paradox that we should choose, as though I was able to wade across it in four strides our mode of transportation down a tropical river during an excursion through Itasca State Park the through jungle, swamp, and desert, a craft designed year before. Yet I regarded the occasion of our visit a and developed by the Eskimos of the frigid arctic

priceless and cherished experience. When I thought regions; but time proved that our kayaks were the

of the countless multitudes that had puzzled over, most practical and ideally suited boats we could theorized, and conjectured about this one all but possibly have used. They were small and light,

inaccessible spot, I realized even more what a rare compact and collapsible, only fifteen feet long and privilege was ours. sixty pounds in weight, consisting of a canvas and

Perched on the hilltop above the dark, lush stripes rubber envelope which stretched over a wooden of vegetation, separately running down the steep framework of flexible ash. Each one was capable of

slopes, was a tenfoot whitewashed pyramid of conaccommodating two hundred pounds of equipment crete, a remarkable landmark for this part of Africa, in addition to the paddler.

erected in 1938 by Dr. Burkhart Waldecker, a GerNot bothering with breakfast we threw ourselves

man explorer, to commemorate his discovery of the into the job of assembling our boats with mounting their brownKasumo Springs and to attest their significance as the enthusiasm. We unlaced and removed

canvas shrouds and stretched out the thin gray andsouthernmost boundary of the Nile basin. The

white sheaths full length on the ground. After dustweather-beaten triangle also marked a continental

ing a coat of talc on the rubber inside and along the divide, for the watershed to the north drains into varnished surfaces of the wooden skeleton to prevent

Lake Victoria and that of the south empties into Lake the wood from sticking to the rubber in the heat, we

Tanganyika, the deepest and second longest lake in fitted and locked the sections together, thirteen the world. separate pieces for each kayak, and inserted them

Our arrival at the pyramid was the curtain raiser inside the skins. With the kayaks intact we carried

on the Nile expedition and the most fantastic experithem through the swampy border of papyrus to the ence of our lives. Henceforth, from Alpha—this river's edge then, in several more trips, brought down

lowest reach of the Nile basin, we would be moving and loaded the three hundred pounds of waterproof steadily towards Omega—the small Egyptian town of baggage. There were twelve bags in all, four for

Rosetta at the mouth of the Nile and the end of our each boat, containing the barest essentials for our journey. To reach it we would have to cover a long voyage, selected after months of planning and

distance equivalent to onesixth of the earth's circountless eliminations. The heaviest sack of all concumference. It would be like traveling from Los tained our precious store of photographic film—

Angeles to Lima, Peru, or from New York to Naples, 12,000 feet of 16mm Kodachrome and 1500 feet of

Italy; not by train, ocean liner, or airplane, but in black and white for our movie cameras and 100 rolls

three little Eskimotype boats operated solely by our of film for our three still cameras. In the other

own muscle power. sacks, which were made of waterproof, rubberized

Two weeks later we had made our way to Kakitumcloth, were a threeman tent, our light kapok sleeping ba, a tiny custom's station at the border of Ruanda bags, an aluminum cooking outfit, a small store of and Uganda, a British Protectorate in East Africa, food staples, a compact but wellstocked medical where our kayaks and the bulk of our gear had been kit, a water filter, and our own personal belongings, shipped and stored while we sought out the Kasumo which included clothes, trade goods for the natives,

Springs. Our plan now was to travel from Kakitumba insect collecting equipment, knives, ammunition for

down the Kagera River to Lake Victoria, then along our three guns, maps, journals, repair kits, etc.

the western shore to the northernmost extremity I gave Andre my luger pistol to carry and handed where the Victoria Nile is formed in the lake's only Jean the.22 caliber rifle to keep with him while I

outlet, hydrologically a continuation of the Kagera. kept the 12 gauge shotgun, so each of us would have

We would then paddle down the Victoria Nile and a weapon in case of emergency. Then with everycontinue all the way to the faroff Mediterranean. thing securely lashed inside our kayaks, Andre and

The day dawned hot and clear. We awakened to Jean set their boats into the silty water, jumped in, and

the chatter of monkeys, feeling a sense of excitepushed off into the current while I stood on the bank ment and urgency, for this was the day we were to and filmed their departure. The Kagera, one of the

test our kayaks on an African river for the first time. swiftest rivers in Africa, (Continued on page 760)

OCTOBER 1959 739

U3EJER Thirteenth of the Series JSo That's What Boys Are Made Of

5>J> "Today, Today I a Mam! Am

(Behavior Patterns and Problems of the 21year-old)

by W. Cleon Skousen

Chief of Police, Salt Lake City

When a boy stretches himself to full height, takes Essentially, however, Junior is remarkably well a deep breath and says, "Mom, today, today I am equipped to play the role of a full grown man if a man!"it sounds like a Tarzan call coming from circumstances require it. In pioneer days early mathe topmost timbers of a very tall tree. However, turity was one of the demands. A 21year-old was

Junior is broadcasting a very special kind of call on frequently the owner of a farm, father of a young this, his 21st birthday. He is trumpeting for destiny family, and already attracting attention as a force

to meet him any time, anywhere, and preferably in for good in the bustling frontier community. This

the next twenty minutes! shows the potential of a 21year-old. However, modAge 21 is a year of thrust, a year of arriving, a year ern life tends to postpone these demands. Therefore

of budding adulthood. It normally radiates confisome 21year-olds will still be marching up and down

dence, exuberance, poise, spunk, and big dreams. the earth acting like uninhibited teenagers.

Psychologically, it is a great year.

Birth of a Citizen Portrait of a 21year-old Nevertheless, as far as the law is concerned, Junior

Although traditionally age 21 is the threshold of has now arrived. All the laws which formerly promanhood, Mother Nature knows the job is not quite tected him as a "minor"are now inapplicable. No

done. Junior is simultaneously both a boy and a longer does his mom or dad have the responsibility

man. In swimming trunks, slacks, or work clothes of providing his board and room. They may help

he can pass for a welldeveloped 17year-old. In his out once in a while just because they love him, but,

Sunday goto-meeting clothes he can pass for 24. legally speaking, Junior is paddling his own canoe.

Last year Junior was very anxious to impress people Many a night he will lie awake thinking how nice it with his being a man. This year he occasionally likes used to be when Dad was at the oars.

to slip back briefly into his old teenage ways of being No longer can he buy an expensive sports car and an irresponsible gay blade. It may happen only two then get out from under the payments by turning it

or three times during the year, but when it does back and claiming he was under age when he signed happen, it will seem so out of character it may shock the contract. From here on his contracts can be

the whole family. For Junior it is simply a nostalgic enforced with a vengeance, even to the extent of

backward glance over his maturation shoulder to taste garnisheeing his wages if he gets in arrears.

for the last time the carefree ways of "the good old Junior is on his own in other ways. If he successdays."Like a grown colt, he instinctively feels that fully avoids the nicotine habit with its risks of cancer,

this is perhaps his last opportunity to kick up his heels it will be to his own credit. The tobacco laws stopped

before settling down to the daily chore of pulling his protecting him the day he became 21—in some states

share of life's load. even earlier. If he avoids (Continued on page 756)

740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I::::::.:-

:;''.:: ';'-<: ''"J"'r

President Levi Edgar Young Fifty years of by Albert L. Zobell, Jr., Research Editor

Five decades, a full halfcentury, is a long span on the walls at the Bureau of Information. "The glory

in a man's life. This October conference time, Presiof God is intelligence"and "Seek ve out of the best

dent Levi Edgar Young, senior president of the First books words of wisdom"are two taken from the

Council of the Seventy, completes that length of servDoctrine and Covenants.

ice as a member of the presiding councils of the During the summer of 1924, he studied at McGill

Church. He was called a member of the First Council University, Montreal; and at Laval University, Quebec.

of the Seventy on October 6, 1909. He was in the He spent many weeks making a study of the old

East at the time, on sabbatical leave from the UniverFrench manuscripts pertaining to early American sity of Utah, pursuing his own academic studies, and history.

he was not set apart for his office until January 23, He served as president of the New England Mission 1910, when Elder John Henry Smith of the Council of the Church from 1939 to 1942. Serving as a

of the Twelve was in New York City. churchman he accomplished much good by making

President Young's has been a lifetime of study, himself at home with the scholars amid the institu- a lifetime of aiding others with their studies. He tions of higher learning in New England.

was born in Salt Lake Citv, Februarv 2, 1874. As a President Young possesses one of Utah's largest

youth, he remembers establishing a lending library in collections of books. He loves to study books; he

the old Twelfth Ward School, where he lent books loves to write them; and his books will eventually be

to his friends at a flat fee of five cents a volume. He shared with the Church Historian's office, the State

was graduated from the University of Utah in June Historical Society, and the University of Utah. All

1895, and taught in Salt Lake City. In 1897 and 1898of these—and many more—have been recipients of his

99 he studied at Harvard University. (It was the generosity with books over the years.

practice for the Church in those days to set apart He is widely known and respected as the author selected young people as missionaries before they of numerous writings on western Americana.

went away to study, and so Elder Young was called Presently, he is serving as a member of the National as a missionary.) Advisory Council of the American Christian Palestine

In 1899 he joined the faculty of the University committee. For a near lifetime he has joined with

of Utah as an Assistant in the Department of History, the religious leaders of the nation in their efforts to beginning an association at that university extending understand each others'purposes and goals.

forty years. He closed his academic teaching career This is a brief word picture of a scholar who daily

in 1939 as professor of Western History and head of studies and writes and learns.

the Department of History and Political Science at the Fifty years is a long time for a man to give of

University of Utah. He holds the title of professor himself in one of the great leadership positions of

emeritus of history there. the Church. Still, it is but a tradition in the Young

He was called to labor in the German Mission in family. President Levi Edgar Young's grandfather,

1901. The following year he was appointed president President Joseph Young, was one of the first of the

of the Swiss Mission which then included part of brethren to be chosen as president of the First CounFrance, northern Italy, and all of Switzerland and cil of Seventy by the Prophet Joseph Smith, February

Austria. 28, 1835, at Kirtland, Ohio. President Joseph Young

Of his early experiences as a member of the Genserved as senior member of that Council beginning eral Authorities, President Young has said: "I rememin April 1837, until his death in Salt Lake City,

ber many times when I hurried from my last class July 16, 1881.

on Friday afternoon to catch a train. I would travel President Seymour B. Young, the son of President

to a stake conference assignment, get on a train for Joseph Young, was called as a member of the First the return trip Sunday evening, and arrive just in Council of the Seventy at the October 1882 general time to teach my first class on Monday morning."conference. In April 1892 he became the senior memFor twelve years, from 1922 to 1934, he presided ber of the Council, serving until his death at Salt

at the Temple Square Mission. During that time he Lake City, December 15, 1924. His son, President

selected several beautiful quotations that are lettered Levi Edgar Young has served in that same capacity

742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Service

since May 1941.

President S. Dilworth

Young, a grandson of President Seymour B. Young and

a nephew of President Levi Edgar Young, was called as a member of the First Council of the Seventy at the April 1945 general conference.

Four men of one family have given more than 152 vears of service as members of the First Council of the Seventy of the Church in a period extending back to the time when the seventies were first organized in this dispensation by the Prophet Joseph

Smith. Three of those

men, grandfather, father, and son, served as the senior member of the First

Council for a total of more than ninetyfour years!

And that is not all. Another son of President

Seymour B. Young was

Elder Clifford E. Young

who served as an Assistant to the Council of the Twelve from April 1941 until his death, August 1958.

President Levi Edgar Young lives quietly on East South Temple with Mrs.

Young, his companion of more than fiftytwo years.

Together they share many happy hours, various interests and activities. Three

daughters make their family circle: Harriet (Mrs.

Mitchell Kline); Jane (Mrs.

Rulon Rawson); and Eleanor (Mrs. Harris Van

Orden).

OCTOBER 1959 743 "Mixed Voices"A Study on Book of Mormon Criticism

by Hugh Nibley

are these? Seventyfive or seven hundred fifty, it is

all the same—such stuff adds up to nothing. 90

But the most publicized list of parallels of the BookThe Comparative of Mormon and another work is B. H. Roberts'comparison of that book with Ethan Smith's View of the

lfJL\L/L\P(jL as such is neither good nor Hebrews. 91 Commenting on this, Mrs. Brodie wrote:

bad. It can be abused (as what tool can not?), but "The scholarly Mormon historian, B. H. Roberts once

to condemn it outright because of its imperfections made a careful and impressive list of parallels bewould put an end to all scholarship. tween the Views of the Hebrews and the Book of

The fundamental rule of the comparative method Mormon, but for obvious reasons it was never pubis, that if things resemble each other there must be lished."92 The most obvious reason for not publishing

some connection between them, and the closer the it would be to any textual critic as it was to Elder resemblance the closer the connection. For example, Roberts, that the "careful and impressive list of paralif anyone were to argue that the Book of Mormon was lels"is quite worthless either to prove or disprove

obviously stolen from Solomon Spaulding's Manuthe Book of Mormon.

script Story (the document now at Oberlin College) In the first place, only eighteen parallels are listed, because the word "and"is found to occur frequently and neither Mrs. Brodie nor Mr. Hogan adds anything

in both texts, we would simply laugh at him. If he to the list. This, then is the best we can do for Ethan

brought forth as evidence the fact that kings are Smith's parallels. If there were only eighteen ideas

mentioned in both books, he might not appear quite in all the Book of Mormon and about the same numso ridiculous. But if the Manuscript Story actually ber in Ethan Smith's book, then the eighteen parallels

referred by name to "cureloms and cumoms"we would would be indeed suspicious. But there are not only

be quite sure of a possible borrowing (though even eighteen ideas in the Book of Mormon—there are

then we would not have proven a direct borrowing). hundreds! So if we are going to use such a tiny

This hypothetical case illustrates the fact that there handful as evidence they had better be good. But

are degrees of significance in parallels. Recently a when we consider the Roberts'parallels, we find that

Protestant minister pointed to seventyfive resemthey are not only very few, but without exception blances between the Book of Mormon and the Manuall perfectly ordinary. In fact, Mr. Hogan in his rescript Story. None of them alone is worth anything, cent treatment of the subject has unwittingly robbed

but his position is that there are so many that taken the eighteen parallels of any significance by going to altogether they must be significant. 90 The trouble is considerable pains to point out in his introduction

that it would be very easy to find seventyfive equally that the ideas shared by Ethan and Joseph Smith were good parallels between the Book of Mormon and not original to either of them, but were as common any other book you can name. As an actual example, in the world they lived in as the name Smith itself.

to prove that the Book of Mormon and the Manuscript He would agree with Mr. Cross that "neither Solomon

Story are related, this investigator shrewdly notes that Spaulding, for whom some have claimed authorship in both books "men arise and make addresses,""both of a manuscript which became the Book of Mormon, [books] pronounce woe unto the wicked mortals,"nor Joseph Smith required any originality to speculate "both mention milk,"in both "adultery was a crime,"in this direction...,"93 No originality was required

"both had counsellors,"etc. What kind of "parallels"in these matters because these things were public

741 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA property. This being the case why would Joseph

Smith need to steal them from Ethan Smith?

Take Parallels Number 2 and 4 in Roberts'list for example: Both claim a Hebraic origin for the Indian.

But so did everybody else. In 1833 Josiah Priest wrote,

"... the opinion that the American Indians are descendants of the lost Ten Tribes, is now a popular

one, and generally believed...,"94 In that case Joseph

Smith must have known as much about it as Ethan

Smith—no need for pilfering.

both documents. Again what could be commoner?

This is Mr. Hogan's prize exhibit and parting shot:

Ethan Smith had suggested that the best evidence for a connection between the Indians and the ancient

Hebrews would be the finding of an actual inscription "on some durable substance in evident Hebrew language and character."Of course it would; inscriptions in ancient languages on durable material (they

could hardly be in modern languages on perishable materials) have been throughout history the bestknown link between ancient and living civilizations.

Yet Ethan Smith's idea that a Hebrew inscription would be the best tieup between the Jews and the

Indians is presented here as a brilliant and novel idea, the provocation that set Joseph Smith on the highroad to forgery, according to Mr. Hogan, who concludes his study with the weighty words: "If an

enterprising and imaginative writer needed any final provocation, this would seem to be it."As if "an

energetic and imaginative writer,"of all people, needed to be told that it is ancient writings that tell about ancient people.

Indian chief once said that "he knew it to be wrong, if a poor man came to his door hungry and naked, to turn him away empty. For he believed God loved

the poorest of men better than he did proud rich men."Again, would Joseph Smith or any Christian

have to go to Ethan Smith's book to learn this? If get?... butAnotherif you putparallel,the twoEgyptiantogether,hieroglyphics!what do you

OCTOBER 1959 745 the Indian's words were quoted in the Book of Morfrom another because they both quote "copiously and mon it would be a different thing: but what compaschiefly"from Homer in their studies of Troy. Since

sionate human being, Christian or not, has not held ancient times Isaiah has been the source for informathis philosophy? Here is another version of the same tion on the scattering and gathering of Israel. Any

thing: student writing a term paper on that subject would

tells of some Indians who were "loving, and affectionprophet without ever having heard of Ethan Smith!

ate to their wives and children...."The Book of Parallel No. 11 is a related case: "The view of the

Mormon reports indirectly that the Nephites also loved Hebrews has many references to both the scattering their children. And this, believe it or not, is taken and the gathering of Israel in the last days. The

as strong proof that the Book of Mormon was stolen second chapter is entitled 'The Certain Restoration from the View of the Hebrews. of Judah and Israel'and in this section are quoted

Smith's book a Delaware chief deplores the recently to and quoted more fully in the Book of Mormon."

adopted practice in his tribe of picking up a number Which would Joseph Smith be more likely to go to of wives and casting them off as soon as one grew in treating this subject, Mr. Ethan Smith or the Bible?

tired of them. The fact that the Indian recognizes Obviously the Bible is the source used since it is

such a practice as immoral can only indicate accordhere quoted more fully than it is in Ethan's book. But

ing to Ethan Smith the influence of "Israelitish tradidid Joseph need Ethan to tell him to consult the Bible tion... as taught by the Old Testament as if mankind in the first place?

had no other source of morality. Yet here his naive Again, No. 10, the first chapter of the Views of the

reasoning is sounder than the proposition that the Hebrews is devoted to the destruction of Jerusalem.

prohibition of more than one wife to the Nephites must Since the book claims to be searching out the lost ten have come from this particular source. Actually, tribes, it is hard to conceive how it could begin otherthis is no parallel at all since there is no resemblance wise. There have been many dispersions from Jerubetween the practices described. salem, as the Book of Mormon tells us, and many

A number of parallels in the list are attributed to destructions: the one told of in the Book of Mormon

Joseph Smith's stealing from the View of the Hebrews, is a totally different one from that described by Ethan when he could more easily have found the same Smith, which took place hundreds of years before it.

material in the Bible. This reaches the point of abIt is hardly likely that the Biblereading Smiths first

surdity in parallel No. 12 where Joseph Smith gets discovered that Jerusalem was destroyed by perusing

the idea of quoting Isaiah from Ethan since the latter the pages of Ethan's book. Neither did Joseph need

"quoted copiously and chiefly from Isaiah in relation Ethan Smith to tell him (No. 6) that God's people

to the scattering and gathering of Israel."This is anciently had inspired prophets and heavenly gifts.

the equivalent of accusing one scholar of stealing This has always been a conspicuous part of Indian

PEACE

by Ruth K. Kent

A storm is threatening the beach today;

The screaming sea gulls swoop in weird delight

While gleeful waves tattoo a roundelay

Against the restless sands, the clouds benight

The sun and playful winds conspire to strum

The branches on the stalwart pines as Thor

Beats thunder drums; all nature must succumb

Whenever tempests frolic near the shore.

There was a time on earth when Jesus said,

To seas that foamed in fury, "Peace, be still."

Then all was quiet as the sacred dead;

The elements are subject to his will.

So why should not the struggling nations cease

Their bickerings, and pray to God for peace?

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tradition, but given the popular belief that the anwitnessed by the ruins. Using these general speculacient Americans were of Israel, Joseph Smith would tions as his starting point, Ethan Smith, like any

have no choice but to attribute to them the divine gift intelligent man, goes on with his own surmises: When

possessed by God's people. Among these divine gifts the civilized ten tribes arrived in the New World, they

was the Urim and Thummim (No. 7) described in the found themselves in a wilderness teeming with game,

Bible, and only dimly and indirectly hinted at by ( 1 ) "inviting them to the chase, most of them ( 2 ) fell

Ethan Smith in describing an article of clothing worn into a wandering and idle hunting life,"while "the by medicine men—quite a different article from the more sensible parts of this people"continued in their

Urim and Thummim of either the Book of Mormon civilized ways and left behind them the ruins that or the Bible. fill the land. "It is highly probable,"Ethan Smith

The trouble with this last parallel is that it is not continues to speculate, "that the more civilized part a parallel at all, but only something that is made into of the Ten Tribes of Israel after they settled in Amerone by egregiously taking the part for the whole. The ica, became (3) wholly separated from the hunting

same faulty reasoning characterizes the first of the and savage tribes of their brethren; that the latter

parallels in the list, No. 1: the place of origin of the (4) lost the knowledge of their having descended

two works. Ethan Smith's book was written in Verfrom the same family with themselves; that the civimont, and Joseph Smith was born in Vermont. That lized part continued many centuries; that (5) trewould be a very suspicious coincidence were it not mendous wars were frequent between them and their

that Joseph Smith left Vermont as a child at least savage brethren."Then gradually (6) "in process of

eight years before the View of the Hebrews was pubtime their savage jealousies and rage annihilated their lished. The time scale which invalidates the argument more civilized brethren."No other explanation is

of place of origin is actually given as another parallel possible, he thinks: "What account can be given of

between the two books. Parallel No. 3: the time of this, but that the savages exterminated them, after

production—it is held to be most significant that the (7) long and dismal wars."As to the state of the

publication of Ethan Smith's first edition and the apsavages, "We cannot so well account for their evident pearance of the Angel Moroni occurred in the same degeneracy in any way"except the Bible way: "as

year. We must confess our failure to detect anything that it took place under the vindictive Providence, as

in Ethan Smith's book that might have suggested the has been noted, to accomplish (8) divine judgments

Angel Moroni. All that is proved by the dates is that denounced against the idolatrous Ten Tribes of Israel."

the View of the Hebrews came out first, so that Joseph (Italics ours.)

Smith could have used it. Of course, if View of the Now consider the eight points from the viewpoint

Hebrews had appeared after the Book of Mormon of the Book of Mormon. ( 1 ) It was not the joy of the

there would be no case—though Mrs. Brodie tries very chase that led the Lamanites into the wilderness—the

hard to hint that Joseph Smith stole from Josiah Priest, greatest hunters in the Book of Mormon are Nephites;

whose book did not appear until 1833! 95 Even Mrs. (2) the less civilized group did not upon arriving in

Brodie concedes that "it may never be proven that America "fall into a wandering... life,"they were

Joseph ever saw the View of the Hebrews"but even wanderers when they got here, and so were their if he had seen it, that would prove nothing unless we brethren. (3) In the Book of Mormon "the more

could discover something in the Book of Mormon civilized part"of the people never becomes "wholly that could not possibly come from any other source. separated... from their brethren,"the two remaining

What the critics seem to consider the most devastatalways in contact. (4) The more savage element

ing of all the parallels in the list, the one most often never "lost the knowledge"of their descent: The

mentioned and on which B. H. Roberts concentrates Lamanites always claimed in fact that the Nephites

most of his attention, is No. 9, which deals with the had stolen their birthright. (5) The wars were neither

general relations of the ancient Americans to each tremendous nor frequent—they are almost all in the

other. The most obvious and immediate objection to nature of sudden raids; they involved small numbers

the popular theory that the Indians were the ten tribes of people, and, except for the last great war, they was that the ten tribes were civilized and the Indians are brief. (6) It was not the savage jealousy and rage

were not. Since colonial times there were two things of an inferior civilization that destroyed the higher

that everybody knew about aboriginal America: (1) civilization—that higher civilization had broken up

that it was full of savages, and ( 2 ) that it was full of completely before the last war by its own corruption, ruins left by people who were not savages. If the and at the time of their destruction the Nephites were

Indians were from the ten tribes, then they must have as debased as their rivals. (7) It was not a process of

fallen from a higher estate, and that estate was mutely gradual extermination (Continued on page 759)

OCTOBER 1959 747 Conducted by the Unified Church School System

! '.".'-'... "''."

by Paul H. Dunn..iiffijasjSsSi&fc.

Director of the Los Angeles (USC)

Institute of Religion

A college professor once asked his students why so The writer's fatherin-law, Dr. C. F. Cheverton,

few of them went to their church Sunday School gave him this bit of advice several years ago and it classes. "For one thing,"they said, "the teachers has proved invaluable ever since. He said, "religion,

don't know any more about teaching than we know. is caught, not taught."In other words, if we, as

And most of them don't know any more about knowteachers, are to achieve the goals and objectives outing how to make religion interesting and inviting."lined for our educational program by our leaders, we

George Betts says, "All teaching has two objectives, must first establish or create the proper classroom the subject taught and the person taught. When we atmosphere so that learning can take place.

teach John grammar (or religion), we teach grammar Since many of our wards, like most of the churches (or religion), of course; but we also teach John. in this nation, have had for many years some kind of

And a greater of these two objectives is John. It is an educational program with teachers that range

easy enough to attain the lesser of the objectives. in personality and ability to teach from superior to

Anyone of fair intelligence can master a given amount the lowest levels of inadequacy, and with programs of subject matter and present it to a class; but it is that all too often have had no particular relationship

a far more difficult thing to understand the individual, to the needs of the students; the result has been that

to master the inner secrets of the mind, the heart, our religious educational programs have often made and the springs of action of the learner."1 little impression upon the minds and hearts of our

!Betts, George Herbert, Hoiv to Teach Religion. (The Abingdon Press. participants. Surely we should not want these conCopyright 1910).

748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ditions to exist. So this article is offering you, the free to express themselves. If a teacher has made

teacher, the opportunity, not as a "producer"but as a adequate preparation of his lesson material, knows the "consumer"to examine the quality of our classes. interests, talents, and ambitions of his class members,

In teaching the gospel of Jesus Christ, regardless and then sets the stage in the classroom by arranging of the agelevel, there are four basic teaching questhe seating so that the best possible personal contact tions that should be kept in mind if we are to achieve can be realized, he is well on his way to accomplishing the proper classroom atmosphere which will enhance his goal.

the learning process. Second, do we keep our classes "gospelcentered"?

First, do we create a class in which the basic By this is not meant that the welfare of the student is psychological needs of each class member will be slighted but rather that the gospel or subject to be met? Teachers need to know and to recognize early, taught should be our point of interest instead of the

the organic and/or physical requirements. Proper teacher. All too often teachers in the Church feel

attention should be given prior to the class time to that it is their responsibility or duty to become authorithe heating, lighting, ventilation, and cleanliness of ties on every subject and that they must be in a posithe room. Attractive rooms are made by a satistion to answer every question asked by a student

factory seating arrangement. The seating arrangeregardless of the outcome. This, of course, is foolish.

ment should be selected which will provide a maximum It is true that teachers need to be properly prepared of faceto-face contact. Students enjoy seeing each and current in their research, but no one can be exother—not staring at the back of someone's neck. pected to know all the answers. When students can

Where possible, chairs or desks ought to be arranged come to realize that even the instructors are still something like first and second arrangements in Figlearning, they are not as apt to lose their respect or ure I. admiration for them if the instructors have to say in

Do not always arrange the chairs in the traditional answer to a question, "I don't know."The teacher

style like third arrangement in Figure 1. in the gospelcentered class, in a sense shifts the burden

By arranging the seating in a semicircle or as shown of "being on the spot"himself to the entire class who in one of the heretofore mentioned diagrams, the finds it their equal responsibility to seek and to find out. The teacher, then, becomes the senior student.

Instead of feeling inadequate or embarrassed when a difficult or impossible question arises, the teacher can say in all honesty, "I don't know but I will find out"or "we will seek the solution together."In this

way the students not only have a greater amount of respect for the teacher but they are motivated more in the learning process. Thus our diagram of the

gospelcentered class would look like the first part ( A teacher has not only set the stage for class members of Figure 2.

to get better acquainted with one another, but he has Rather than like the second part (B) of Figure 2.

also created a situation where the need for individual The gospelcentered class places a greater amount recognition can be met. Students tend to respond of emphasis on the "doing"phases of the activity apmore naturally in classrooms where they have been proach which leads us to our third question.

made to feel "at home"and where they can be reThird, do we recognize the psychology of particigarded as individuals of worth. It is not uncommon pation? It is a wellknown fact that people will supin many of our programs to have students attend the port activities and programs in which they feel they

same class for a year or more and still not know perare a part. By following our second principle of

sonally, several of their classmates. A real part of having a gospelcentered class, students, through the

our learning experience comes from associating with guidance of their teacher, will find many opportuniothers and feeling their spirit, enthusiasm, and vitality. ties to perform or to take an active part in classroom

It has been the writer's experience that in classes activities. Students learn to solve real problems by

where a greater sense of belonging has been achieved actually participating in class projects, service projects, by rearranging the seating, the need for discipline individual research, etc., instead of relying on the

has declined remarkably. The teacher should also teacher to do all the work. Teachers and students, by

remember to keep a permissive atmosphere in the planning together and working as a team, become class in order that class members will always feel partners in fulfilling ( Continued on page 779

OCTOBER 1959 749

'/'.'

Jk mi M w

II

3MBN f ifc MOIHiOfl BATTALION by Mabel Harmer

Shortly after the arrival of the Mormon Battalion traveling over unbroken trails. Probably the main

in California the commanding officer, Lieutenant reason whv these forty women (most of them with

Colonel Philip St. George Cooke, issued a statement young children) were willing to risk the perils of this

congratulating the members upon the successful comlong journey was to prevent being separated from pletion of their journey in which he remarked, "History their husbands for a long period.

may be searched in vain for an equal march of inMore than five hundred members of the Batfantry."Most certainly history reveals no march of talion began from Council Bluffs on July 20, 1846.

such great distance and almost unbelievable hardship From the very first their way was beset with difficulties.

which was also shared by women. The weather was extremely hot, and the day's marches

None of them could foresee that the journey would were unreasonably long. No cooking utensils and

entail such trials as living for weeks at a time on half very few supplies of any kind were issued until the rations or less, marching over miles of hot desert company reached Fort Leavenworth some ten days sand without water, and having to cut their way later. At one time supplies failed to reach them,

literally through mountain passes, and yet these were and they were without flour for two days. In spite

people who knew well enough the vicissitudes of of difficulties, Zadock K. Judd reports in his journal

750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rather than trust her safety to a winddriven carriage.

In another wagon was Mrs. Celia Hunt, ill with chills

and fever, while her twin babies were being cared for by their father Jefferson Hunt, in a tent. When the

tent blew down, the babies were in danger of being either suffocated or drowned, but fortunately they escaped without injury.

On the twentyeighth of August occurred the first death among the women when elderly Jane Bosco passed away. Before daylight the following morning

John, her husband—not a soldier—died also, and the

two were buried in one grave.

Along the heartbreaking trail they marched, sometimes as many as twentyfive miles in a single day.

The oxen and mules were not in fit condition for such a journey since most of them had come all the way from Nauvoo that same year and were worn out before starting. At times the water was extremely scarce,

and what could be found was so revolting in taste as to be almost unfit for use. At one time they drove

hundreds of buffalo out of a pond before they could get at the water.

From Henry W. Bigler we learn of some of the

ups and downs of the journey, shared alike by both men and women. He wrote:

"August 15. Company B. baggage wagon broke

down and did not get into camp until the next morning. This left us without tents and supper. It was

decided not to move our camp but to wait for the arrival of hospital wagons to carry our sick, but owing to our beef cattle getting in the corn of the Indians and destroying their patches, we moved on four miles. "Lieutenant Smith ordered all the sick men out of the wagons and said that if they did not walk he would tie them to the wagons and drag them unless they took such medicines as Dr. Sanderson prescribed.

"Some of the boys went to the top of a mountain, south of our camp, and amused themselves by rolling large boulders down the mountain while the others they "traveled down the Missouri River for Fort in camp sang songs, fiddled, and danced. The Colonel

Leavenworth, happy and cheerful, dancing and singswore that he did not see how it was that when the ing."men who could hardly keep up with the command

The companies were outfitted with arms, ammunicould keep the fiddle going with dancing when they tion, and supplies at Fort Leavenworth, where they got into camp."

camped for twelve days. On the first leg of the Another member said that they had several good

journey from Fort Leavenworth to Sante Fe, they fiddlers in camp but only one fiddle. They would

were overtaken by a severe wind and thunderstorm dance at night and felt more rested than if they sat which blew down nearly every tent in camp. The still.

experiences of two of the wives—probably typical of Of one day's journey, Tyler wrote:

all—is recounted by Daniel Tyler in his history of the "We traveled eighteen miles and camped again on

Mormon Battalion. He says that Mrs. Melissa Coray the Cimarron and had to dig in the sand in the bed

was in her carriage when the storm broke, and the of the river for water for both man and beast."

force of the wind began to drive it away. She jumped Samuel H. Rogers wrote of the same day:

to the ground and faced the driving rain and hail "It appears that the {Continued on page 754)

OCTOBER 1959 751 Sweeping That Long Driveway

by Ruth C. Ikerman

Her favorite possession seems to down noise anyway?"she demanded.

be a toy broom with which she can "Siren,"we said, exchanging sweep like the older people in the glances above her head. How well

block. Sometimes she ties a red she had described what can happen

ribbon on the handle, to match the within the home when the ambubow in her own bouncing brown lance takes away a loved one because curls. of an accident, and the hopes of the

Together the little girl and the heart go up and down with the rebroom skipped up the sidewalk port of the doctors.

where my neighbor and I stood She began to imitate the siren, talking about the most recent comsweeping steadily with her little munity highway tragedy. broom. My neighbor said, "Some-

A little boy had been hit by an thing has got to be done about automobile. Its driver had misthese accidents. They come too close

judged the distance to the bicycle to home for comfort."Then we

when he swerved to miss a piece of talked of other things.

broken glass. Suddenly we missed our little

We hushed our voices as she arfriend. Turning we saw her in our

rived, but already she knew and own driveway, squatting down on said, "I heard the noise when the the pavement, looking over a tiny w'F* white car came to take him away. pile of trash she had swept up with

Say, what do you call that up and her little broom.

NEW FROM! VIRCO The "CHAMPION"

High Quality, Low Budget Folding Chaff

Check these outstanding features:

it Reinforced seat it "Can't tip"safety -tested it Three leg braces not two it Fusion welded and brazed it Tough bakedon enamel finish r New longlife plastic leg tips it Vircoloy steel - 20% stronger

Virco also offers a complete line of folding chairs and folding tables for every purse and purpose.

V1RC0 MANUFACTURING CORP.

P. 0. Box 44846, Station "H"

J.0S Angeles, California

752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We walked over curiously. There

was a nail big enough to damage an automobile tire if hit at the proper angle. A piece of jagged green glass

had probably been carried here by one of the larger dogs of the neighborhood to be buried near his favorite bone in the nearby hedge. There

was a scrap of paper which could well blow up to obscure the vision of a windshield.

With her broom she had swept them into one neat pile, and now she wondered what to do next. Stooping to pick up the debris for her, I

asked, "Whatever made you decide to sweep my driveway for me this morning?"Gravely she looked at me and said, "It was because of the boy who got hit. You both said something

had to be done about accidents. So

I thought I'd take care of the first driveway. But it's sure awful long."

She sat down on the grass, holding her tiny broom almost as a doll in her arms. And I went inside for

a larger broom to clear off the curb "Be and gutter in front of my own house. reasonable

"Say, how long is your driveway?"darling...

she called to me from the lawn. We can't take the Bigelow!"

I remembered how we had started from this driveway to enjoy the roads in our own state and across the naYou can't blame a girl for hating to give up what she's tion into foreign countries. accustomed to. Especially if she's been raised in a home with

Looking at her sweet, unscarred quiet, comfortable, luxurious Bigelow Carpets! Bigelow Carpets

face, I wondered how to tell her that come in all price ranges and on easy budget terms.

she had just shown me something So if you're a new bridegroom—better buy Bigelows now.

about how long my driveway is. Everybody lives better, looks better on Bigelows.

Now I know it extends from my home into the community, the state, entire across of theand homeland People who know... buy Bigelow into her neighboring counAmerica

rugs carpets - since 1825 tries.

Because her little broom had shown me that my own driveway must first be made safe and clean,

I would try on her behalf and that of the injured boy to learn to treat every highway as my own home driveway.

ALL OVER AMERICAPeople are turning to Electric Radiant

Who sends the elders? The God COMFORT (aheatingseparatefor thermostatmore—in each room)

(no or soot smoke, CLEANLINESS It is Israel them. sends his work. of

combustion, or noise SAFETY (no parts) movingdirt) is thatThere no mortal man ducts, (no furnace, LIVING SPACE pipes, vents is so much interested in the success of an In Utah, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, Colorado, Northernor fuel storage)California people are turning to elder when he is preaching the gosSOLAR ELECTRIC HEATING AND INSULATION forpel as the Lord that sent him to GuaranteedA package deal—heatingresults—writtenand guaranteeinsulation completethat heating costs will be competitive with ANY

electric system. heating other fuelpreach less than and ANY to the people who are the

installations. successful of Counseling hundreds have experienced already from men—weother children.Lord's the finest Heating distributors Cable, Reliable franchised of GE exclusive are equipment—We

in all the world.

—President Lorenzo Snow Ask your Power Co. about US. Live better Electrically.

Mail inquiries to: SOLAR ELECTRIC HEAT & INSULATION

28 East 21st South, Salt Lake City, Utah

OCTOBER 1959 753

OCTU

Women of the deems that the laundresses on this west who were allowed to return.

Mormon Battalion march will be accompanied by much They were exactly one month on suffering and would be a great enthe way, which was unfortunate con- {Continued from page 751) cumbrance to the expedition. It is sidering that they had provisions

Colonel and Surgeon are determined ordered that all be attached to Capfor only twentyone days. At Pueblo

to kill us, first by forced marches to tain Brown's party."they enjoyed a happy reunion with

make us sick and then by compelling Captain Brown was ordered to the Higgins detachment, already us to take calomel and to walk and draw rations for twentyone days and settled for the winter. They were

do duty."It soon became apparent to march within two days. also welcomed by a company of

that the journey could be comThe order produced considerable Saints from Mississippi who were pleted by only the strongest of the dissatisfaction. None of the families spending the winter there.

men. Therefore on the sixteenth wanted to be separated. In some They immediately began to build

of September a detachment of famicases the husbands wanted to go log cabins for the winter, the ablelies and invalid men were ordered back to Pueblo with their families, bodied doing the work for the sick to return to Pueblo, farther up on and in other instances, the wives and turning the first cabins over to the Arkansas River, and spend the pleaded to be allowed to continue them for their use. Several babies

winter at that small trading post. to California. At length some of the were born during the winter, two of

Captain Higgins was placed in commen were permitted to return and, them died the same day and were mand. On this journey one of the according to Colonel Cooke, "five buried together. Several deaths are

members, Norman Sharp, accidenwives of officers were reluctantly alrecorded among the men but none tally shot himself in the arm and lowed to accompany the march."In among the women.

died, leaving his widow and her the records we have been able to They spent the winter in a comyoung sister to go on alone. find the names of only four. They paratively pleasant manner and left

The rest of the Battalion marched are Susan Davis, the wife of Captain early in the spring of '47 to join the on to Santa Fe, the first town of any Daniel Davis; Lydia Hunter, the Saints from Winter Quarters in their

importance on their route, and arwife of Captain Jesse D. Hunter; final trek to the Rockies. The Misrived there between the ninth and Phoebe Draper Palmer Brown, the sissippi Saints, as they were called,

twelfth of October. Here they were wife of Ebenezer Brown; and Melissa were slightly in advance of the first

met by Colonel Cooke, who had Burton Coray. They were allowed company, and the Battalion membeen appointed commanding officer to continue only on the condition bers were a short distance behind.

following the death of Captain Allen. that their husbands paid all of their They had been on the march for

After taking command, one of his expenses; hence, it is to be supposed about two weeks when they learned

first acts was to order the rest of the that they no longer acted in their that the vanguard company was just families and ill persons to turn back original capacity as laundresses for ahead of them.

to Pueblo. The order read in part: the various companies. Some of the Mississippi Saints ar-

"Captain Jas. Brown will take Captain Brown's company made rived in the Salt Lake Valley two

command of the men reported by the fairly good time to Pueblo, considerdays ahead of Brigham Young, and

Assistant Surgeon as incapable from ing the weakened condition of both included in the company were six sickness and debility of undertaking men and teams. In nearly every women. They were Elizabeth

the present march to California. The case, it was only men who were Crow, wife of Robert Crow, and

Lieutenant Colonel, commanding, considered unfit to journey farther their five daughters, Harriet, ElizaMY TREE by Jean Little

The King of Spain's daughter I, too, have been spellbound One tree!—In its shadow

Will stand for all time And gaze at my tree, Spent creatures find rest,

Bewitched by the tree Held there by a vision, And deep in its branches

In the nursery rhyme. Which only I see, The grateful birds nest.

And Housman's ghost surely—Of a vast arid valley No cities rise near it.

Is caught even now Infertile, save where But winds blow from afar,

By the bright drifts of snow One green cedar grows And it is companioned

On the cherry tree bough. In the parched desert air. By mountain and star.

Then, men come. It watches But, Tree, you were first

Them struggle and build. Of the pioneer breed.

Soon, stretching around it, You stand in their shrine

Are fields they have tilled. Boxed away from the sky.

And as its life ebbs, My tree, you are dreaming

Other trees spring from seed. The same dream as I.

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA beth J., Isa Vinda Exene, Isa Minda and over mountains, until the bein command. After their final disAlmarene Crow, and Mrs. Mathilda ginning of 1847 found them well charge, he and his wife Susan, with

Jane Crow Therlkill. They were the into California territory. his young son, traveled on to Utah

first Mormon women to enter the On the 1st of February, Nathaniel and settled in Farmington, Davis valley of their future home. Jones wrote: County, so named in his honor.

On July 29th, five days after the "We have now been one hundred Immediately upon their discharge, main company had arrived, the sixtythree days from Santa Fe. We the majority of the Battalion mem-

: Battalion company came in. Acstarted with sixty pounds of flour bers made preparations to return

cording to the William Clayton to each man, thirty days'ration of east to meet their famiiles, either in * journal, they had "twentynine wagpork, twothirds rations of sugar. It the Salt Lake Valley or in Winter

gons, and one carriage. The soldiers was all claimed to be sixty days'Quarters. They had traveled as far

came in military order headed by rations but we lost several hundred as the scene of the Donner tragedy fifes and side drums. They came pounds of flour on the Gila river. when they met Samuel Brannan reto their future home in fitting style."Thus we traveled under greater emturning from the Salt Lake Valley.

On August 9th the wife of John barrassment than it is possible to Later they met Captain James Brown

Steele, a member of the Battalion, realize, except by passing through who brought word from the Church became the mother of the first white them. We have opened roads Authorities that those who had not

child to be born in the Salt Lake through impassable mountains and means of subsistence had better reValley. The baby was named Young trackless deserts, without wood, main in California until the following

Elizabeth Steele in honor of Presiwater, or grass and almost without spring, obtain work, and then bring dent Young and Queen Elizabeth. provisions. We now find ourselves their earnings home with them.

Immediately upon leaving Santa without clothes and are worn down About half of the company turned

Fe, the main part of the Battalion, by fatigue. For nearly thirty days back, many of them to go to work

with the greater part of the journey we have had nothing but beef and at Sutter's Fort, and among this still ahead, rations were reduced—not enough of that all the time."group were Phoebe Brown and

the first of many times before they The Battalion was ordered to enMelissa Coray with their husbands.

reached their final goal. Colonel camp at San Diego. Shortly after They had been at Sutter's Fort only

Cooke issued very strict commands her arrival there, Lydia Hunter, the a short time when the discovery of concerning the conduct of the camp, wife of Captain Jesse D. Hunter, gold in the millstream set the world

but the journey would never have gave birth to a son, the first white racing toward the west coast and been completed successfully without child to be born of American parchanged Sutter's peaceful ranch into a stern commander and a people ents in the Southwest. The child, bedlam.

who could serve unflinchingly under who was named Diego Hunter, died The Mormons, including the two the most adverse circumstances. soon after birth; two weeks later women, worked in the gold fields

The few wagons in the company the mother also passed away, weakduring the winter, and when they could be used only for carrying ened, from the strain of the journey made the journey to Utah the folsupplies and the men who were unand the lack of food. She had anlowing spring, they were able to

able to walk because of illness. Inother son, James, who survived her. bring considerable amounts of gold

deed much of the time, the men had The only child mentioned as comdust as well as some valuable seeds.

to help pull the wagons through the pleting the entire march with the Phoebe Brown rode the entire disdeep sand. Melissa Coray, who was Battalion was the young son of Captance back to Utah on a mule, which

a bride of only three months at the tain Daniel C. Davis by a former was a very luxurious mode of travel

time she left Council Bluffs, said marriage. Four older children were compared to her previous travel.

that at times Colonel Cooke allowed left in the care of relatives in Winter She and her husband settled in her to ride his white horse. She Quarters. Draper. Their arrival in Utah

learned to carry a pebble in her Upon the discharge of the Batbrought the last of those valiant mouth so that she would not get so talion, one company of men reen- women who dared to undertake a thirsty during the long marches over listed for a period of six months in journey which for toil and privation the waterless desert. order to garrison the post of San is without a parallel in the history

Onward they toiled, through sand Diego, and Captain Davis was put of the country.

AUTUMN RAIN IS VISITING

by Robert Avrett

An autumn rain is visiting tonight, Yet autumn rain has need for no excuse

Almost apologetically, it seems, For ending summer's absolute doLike welcome but unbidden guest who deems main;

Arrivals things that should be timed just right, So long postponed adieus find ready ears.

Nor wants that his be taken for a slight,

But pardoned by old friends whom he esteems Protracted seasons may entail abuse

And who in other days have shared his dreams, Of hospitality; and they, like pain,

While open fireplace cast its mellow light. Must be evicted to dispel old fears.

OCTOBER 1959 755 Today, Today I Am a Man may have wondered why the voting smoldering beneath the surface, but, privilege had to wait until 21. Now for the most part, it will have been

(Continued from page 740) he may be able to see the reason. sublimated by maturity and experibecoming an alcoholic, it likewise Junior has certainly changed his ence. Everything else being equal,

will have to be a credit to his own thinking since 18. For some reason, a citizen of 21 will make a far more

judgment. The "Minors Not Al18 and 19 were revolutionary years. intelligent voter than he would have

lowed"signs no longer keep him out. They were years of doubt and chalat 18. Recently, a 21year-old reAnd, if he visits Las Vegas or lenge. This was all to the good and flected some of that intelligence

Reno, he will learn that the law an important part of growing up, when he commented, "Say, my vote assumes that by this time he will but probably it was far from being is as good as the President's!"

have acquired enough sense not to a period of reflected wisdom.

gamble. Therefore, he will find In fact, dictators and imperialists Increased Capacity for Worry

there is no law to keep him out of nearly always try to capitalize on the the casinos and no law to help him reckless, revolutionary spirit of 18 Psychologists tell us why a 21get his money back after he has and 19year-olds. Hitler surveyed yearold makes a more responsible

dumped it down the hungry gullet the youth of his own day and said: citizen. It is because of his increased

of a slot machine or into the trap- "Look at these young men and boys! capacity for worry. Not that Junior

door lap of a dice table. What material! I shall eradicate couldn't worry in his 'teens; he did.

It is important for Junior to catch the thousands of years of human But his worries in those days were a whole new perspective of life. As domestication. Brutal youth—that is mostly about himself. Now he has

a fullfledged citizen he is expected what I am after.... I want to see developed a capacity to worry about

to be a patron of law and order, good once more in its eyes the gleam... things like the high cost of living,

government, and intelligent, happy of the beast of prey. With these I the international situation, inflation,

living. Society no longer feels either can make a new world... and create civil liberties, the rising crime rate,

the desire or the necessity of treat- a new order!"unionmanagement problems, juveing him like a baby. From here on Often, even at 21, we find there is nile delinquency, and the national

he will be honored as a man; a man still some of the revolutionary spirit debt.

of judgment, controlled appetites, A wholesome amount of worry is tempered emotions, and restrained not only a necessary ingredient for conduct; a man of skill and ambition good citizenship but the mainspring

with a warm social sense and a of action in getting community probgenuine sense of service. Some 21lems solved. Junior ought to be

yearolds, of course, do not measure fully aware of what would happen up. Some act at least part of the SEED OF PROMISE if all of us refused to be bothered

time like little boys indulging with unpleasant things like crime, in emotional immaturity, explosive by Betty Ventura inflation, and the boast of the Comwill that conquer munists they soon decisions,tempers, impulsive and Cumorah's close, like shattered At world. refused the Obviously, antics. if wechildish even go Some stone, this bothered, would to be be the line ofsnorting across the fence the

law. When this happens the fenceTen thousand Nephite warriors strew last generation to live in freedom.

riding forces of law and order move the field. That is why political scientists say

into the gap like a charging bullThe golden age is o'er, the record an alert, worrymotivated citizenry dozer. sealed: is the kind which solves problems

Society is far less patient with a Moroni walks a wilderness alone. and therefore continually improves

21year-old who assaults, robs, civilization.

cheats, or steals than with a growing Gone the prophetkings, the loyal We also want Junior to recognize boy. A 21year-old hears the terms few, the kind of worry that digs graves.

is a perishable commodity criminal"Worry him, to applied"adult those of burning faith, contriteand Gone It should not it. It is be stored. like and must the doesn't comhe trust. ness,

munity's way of saying, "Stand up, be promptly turned into constructive

Junior. Be a man!"White templed cities crumble into action and thereby disposed of.

Fortunately, however, the vast dust Storedup worries tend to turn into majority of the nation's new citizens Where kneeling throngs their Savior's pickles and vinegar and consequentare ready for their responsibilities blessing knew. ly endanger sound mental health.

and can say with the Apostle Paul: This is the kind of worry most peo-

"When I was a child, I spake as a But yet shall Mormon's record be ple have heard about and therefore child, I understood as a child, I unearthed, conclude that all kinds of worry thought as a child: but when I beThat to Lehi's seed it might declare should be avoided. This, of course,

to is not true. Junior want man, I put awaycame a We childish The destiny and honor of their birth;

for recognize is—fuel.things."worry Corinthians what it (I 13:11.)

That they, the once rebellious blood, When put to work it makes him a citizen, success, a better him makes career parent, better a better man.aMy Vote Is as Good as Wheremightoncestandstood Lehi's other sons—a

the President's"and bear On the other hand, it is volatile

As a fullfledged citizen, Junior Their father's witness in a Gentile stuff. If stored, it explodes.

can now vote. When he was 18 he land. (Continued on page 758)

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New Yorkers were SHOCKED By The Recent EXPOSE of PATENT MEDICINE PRACTICES Now You Too Can Learn How To SAVE...

STOP PAYING HIGH PRICES FOR

IVITA

A recent public service study of Patent Vitamin Catalog. This interest prompted

Medicines in one of New York's leading us to tell the entire nation our story.

evening newspapers, devoted one entire installment to vitamins and disclosed Hudson Vitamin Products has been many interesting highlights about the serving doctors and nurses for over 25 sale of Vitamins and VitaminMineral years and now you, too, can purchase combinations. your Vitamins direct from Hudson at

savings that are up to 50% and more.

One of the startling revelations in this Page after page in the Free Hudson frank article was the wide variance of Catalog shows tremendous dollar savVitamin prices. ings on Vitamins, VitaminMineral combinations and Food Supplements.

The following three paragraphs taken from the series, as it appeared, are of Here is one example from the Hudson particular concern to every family buyVitamin Catalog: A very popular multiing Vitamins. ple vitamin that is taken once-a-day,

100 per sells $3.10 for about regularly bottled particular unvitamin "Any

. sells only for formula the Hudson all practical label der one and is, for 100. per $1.50.. is the purposes, therapeutic as if it same

is, bottled another under label. The fact high another Here is—a wellknown conconcentrates the Vitamin most of formula with Vitamin potency B complex

sumed in America are produced by only C and minerals, nationally advertised at a few companies. $5.95 per 100... can be purchased for

"The list of ingredients in a Vitamin only $2.25 per 100 direct from the Hudcompound is one thing the consumer can son Vitamin Catalog.

to correct. be always on depend almost that you only examples are two These to label the fails which company Any is that catalog find 32 page will in our

bottle the exact and with formula amount a been has to read and easy simple, ingredient each strength) (or unit of millions from for guide buying Vitamin seizure risks U.S. a Government. by the coastto-coast.

"Bearing that in mind, it is interestCatalog for the Write to catalogs a ing pick up few Vitamin like doctor if you and—but,showbyit allto prices the by difyour charged compare and

ferent companies for the same Vitamin means, discover for yourself why Hudcompounds."son has become a direct moneysaving

source for Vitamins throughout the

Following publication of the installnation. All Hudson Vitamin Products

ment we received hundreds of telephone are sold with a complete money back calls requesting copies of the Hudson guarantee.

HUDSON VITAMIN PRODUCTS, INC.

11 West 19th Street, Dept. M-658, New York 11, New York

HUDSON VITAMIN PRODUCTS, Inc. Dept. M-658

11 West 19th Street, New York 11, New York

Please mail me your Free Hudson Vitamin Catalog.

Hudson Vitamins have been awarded the NAME.

parents'magazine ADDRESS. commendation seal

CITY.ZONE..STATEOCTOBER 1959 757

"Mom, How's my learned. Almost any normal person in. Actually, this is the most favored

it is convenient or generation of the race. But onlyScore Card?"is honest when

selfserving to be honest. The test the good student will know about it.

When parents see a boy reach 21, comes when it is embarrassing or a We want our boy to have a dynamic they always hope they have helped temporary disadvantage to be honpart in the throbbing heartbeat of him acquire the habits, attitudes, est. A boy learns from his parents modern history as mankind prepares

skills, and social amenities neceswhether or not to hold the line. If to launch into the great new space

sary to become a successful adult. they avoid social pressures both in age.

It is a time of unspoken evaluation, and out of the family by telling "litSixth, Junior should have become and, for some parents as well as tle white lies,"then Junior does the a skilful problem solver. A young

boys, a time of regret. But for same. If they face up to each situachild attacks a problem by pulling

most parents and boys it will be a tion without garbling the truth, a tantrum. Some grownups do the

time of great hope and great pride. Junior has a better target to shoot same thing. We want our boy to

A boy may even respond to a sudden for. have acquired a sound sense of huurge and say, "Mom, how's my score The boy who is honest has a high man engineering. We want him to

card?"rating. survival learned to attack as have a problem not be may He by '

line There are a number of things we flashy defining as with a quick and the boy 1—clearly it, 2—probing

certainly'hope our boy has achieved and the ready lie, but he wears betstudying until he has selected the by 21: ter. We want our boy to wear well. most practical solution, and 3—genFirst, by this time we hope Junior We want him to know that honesty erating the necessary steam to carry

has learned the difference between is an attitude, and it should have out the solution. We also want him

being a character and having a become a habit. In the final analysis to have learned the prayer of the ancharacter. Character is like a perit simply means he can be trusted; cient philosopher who said: "God

sonality. It involves the sum total trusted in what he says and what give me strength to change what

of a man. Character is the develophe does. Employers pay premium should be changed and the patience

ment of a human being's best self; wages to employees they can trust. to endure what must remain."

Lincoln called it "the better angel"Fourth, we want our boy to be Seventh, we would not want our in each of us. When we say a young morally strong. This may seem a boy to have attained 21 without acman has character, we mean he little oldfashioned, but it is still quiring a sense of belonging in the

stands for something. He is not a civilization's best foundation for a universe. This means a strong resniveling, servile, spineless parasite, ligious faith built on truth. A genbut a hearty, friendly, honest, outeration ago it was popular to say

going sort of person who makes good that a religious faith was for thecompany, a good employee, a good PROVIDENCE weak. Time is proving that an enhusband, a pleasant neighbor, and faith religious lightened suis the by Patricia Duff McGinleya good soldier. virtue strong. of the preme A boy

Second, hope our we boy has already should learned 21 have God, who made babies to fill loving of aacquired for capacity tremendous that is part of a carefully designed he laps,good work. circles certain hard In governed a by God who

this it style, not be in is a In but may loves his wisdom and mercy, also made personallyuniverse him. Those who naps.popular the labor commodity on say religion for are is only children

market. Those of us who have had usually those who have never tried

to hire and train many hundreds of adult religion.

young men during our professional happy home and a solid family life. Eighth, we want our boy to have

careers count capacity for hard work Mutual trust is built before marriage ambition. This, too, is primarily an

among the prime virtues of a 21when a girl finds that a boy is attitude or an appetite which parents yearold who wants to go places. It morally disciplined and can keep can help create. They create it by

is not merely that he will produce his emotions under control. It helps holding before a boy the vision of

more and help the company stay in her have implicit faith in him after the man they know he can one day business. Equally important is the marriage. Morality is therefore a be. The vision must not be too

fact that a man with a good "work special kind of honesty which perbright, not beyond his capacity of quotient"is a pleasure to have mits a young husband to be trusted attainment. And it must not focus

around. His work shows in his by the most important people in too soon. In early youth he wants

voice, in his handshake, in his stride, his life. Almost everyone admires to be a policeman, a cowboy, or a

and in his pay envelope. He is moral integrity, even the less moral. deep sea diver. As he matures his

available for an emergency, volunFifth, we want our boy to have interests change and so do his amteers suggestions, carries the ball become a good student. He should bitions. Perhaps they turn to law,

during his regular shift, and, where have cultivated a sharp appetite for science, medicine, engineering, menecessary, after his shift. His engood books. We live in a technical chanics, aviation, or electronics. The\

thusiasm changes work into pleasure world of extremely advanced culimportant thing is to keep his searchand a "job"into a "position."It is tural complexity. The boy who has ing "upward reach"scintillating and

a great achievement to build a boy not acquired a thirst for knowledge alive. A set of encouraging parents

into this kind of man. is likely to get left behind. There is the most vital single ingredient in

Third, we want our boy to be are thousands of bright youthful this process.

honest. He wasn't born honest. Nor personalities in our land who appear Parents who think they have probwas he born dishonest. Both are overwhelmed by the world they live lems might consider the case of

758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thomas A. Edison. Young Tom was only part of them, the important complished. They know they made

expelled from school because of thing is that suddenly he is 21! It some mistakes, but they marvel how

his ambitions. Before he could read seems almost impossible to realize well it turned out after all. One

he wanted to study high school it. He grew up so fast. Now we are thing they can't help mentioning—

subjects. He was labeled incorsorry we didn't take time to enjoy how some of Junior's childhood

rigible by his exasperated teacher him more. Perhaps in the twilight vices turned out to be his grownup

and sent home to his worried parof a quiet summer evening we thumb virtues. They remember how they

ents. Even at home his ambitions through the pages of the family worried over his destructive prosoon created a neighborhood panic. album. It sparks some happy clivities—how he took the family

Finally his mother decided to guide memories for a mom and dad. As clock apart, unstrung the bedroom

all these big ideas into more con- a baby he was the cutest little fellow radio, wrecked the first family TV.

structive channels. By the time in the town. At four he was a monNow he earns his living mending

young Tom was 9 he and his key on wheels—all over the place. such things! Or they remember

mother had carefully read Gibbon's At six the camera caught him worrying about his reading so much

Decline and Fall of the Roman Emproudly grinning without his two but now they are proud as punch pire, Hume's History of England, front teeth. Age 10 was truly his that he made the national honor

Sears'History of the World, Burton's golden year. And wasn't he sproutfraternity. They think of Nancy

Anatomy of Melancholy, and The ing out of his Sunday suit at 13! Hanks Lincoln gently scolding her

Dictionary of Sciences. Such was Then there are all those wonderful boy for being a dreamer and not

the early guidance of a boy's career high school pictures. You can alsplitting the rails for the farm fence.

whose inventions later created inmost see yourself in every scene and And all the time she was raising dustries worth more than twentyfive remember how it used to be in your one of America's greatest presidents!

billion dollars. day, at your school. The college Mother Nature surely has a way of

Ninth, we certainly will not want pictures are great, too, but not quite fooling parents.

to close this list of achievements so sentimental. And there is his Perhaps this is why raising a boy

without mentioning just one morepicture in uniform. He made a so often seems like a chore. Only

Junior's sense of humor. Most 21handsome serviceman! No wonder when the job is practically comyear-olds have a fathomless capacity the girls fell for him. Funny how pleted does it suddenly seem like the

for humor, but like other human he seemed sort of oblivious to it. greatest happiness of a lifetime.

qualities it should have matured. Except, of course, for Jo Anne. How And how great the reward of parIn his childhood days Junior relovely she looks in her wedding ents who were blessed with a boy

sponded to the "humor of absurdity."dress. They make a marvelous who really tried. It makes a mom

He loved the absurdity of slapstick couple.... and dad know that it was all worth

comedy, piethrowing contests, or As a mom and dad look back over while, and they cannot help saying seeing an elderly woman slip on the the past fifth of a century, they with the wisdom of the ages:

ice and crash to the sidewalk. seem caught between the sentiRaising boys is a partnership beIn later years Junior tastes enough mental flood of happy memories and tween parents and God; how much

of life to feel sympathy for people the relief they feel for a mission acbetter to build men than mend them!

in unfortunate situations. He seldom

laughs at people slipping or falling.

He identifies his own feelings with those of the victim. His sense of

humor now requires more subtle things. He graduates to the level

is parallel into This broken downof "hidden meaning humor."

points of inevitable as The Comparative Method not?such resemblance Finally, however, Junior should cities,"refer [books] to great "both

attain the rich, warm glow of grown- (Continued from page 747) "both... represented as having some

up humor. Adult humor is hearty scientific knowledge,""Both knew somebut not boisterous. It is not laughbut of a quick and violent end. thing of mechanical arts,""both used

iron,"coins""both "coin"used (the words of the the downgrading (8) Finallyter to laughter to but be heard be in "coins,"are not the mentioned is of and not the fulfilment Lamanitesfelt. It of the grows out deep, constructed of Mormon), "both Book

golden depths of the human perprophecies about the ten tribes after fortifications,""both exceeded the present sonality which reflect the vast the pattern of the destruction of Indians in works of art and ingenuity,"etc. things all these are inevitable Now the (that God's people would be life. Itrichness of is the laughter civilization: of any accompaniments They is their given degeneracy isof a father under Nephites), smothered who separate distinct are not points of and

an avalanche of welcoming arms as a unique explanation that cannot be resemblance at all. One might as well

a bevy of little people shout, found either in Ethan Smith or the argue that since both books mention peo- "Daddy's home!"It is the laughter Bible. (To be continued) handsple, bothhaveimplyfingers,thatetc.,peopleand thushaveaccumuhands,

of the happy hunter as he brings late "parallels"by the score.

home the game at the end of the FOOTNOTES 91M. B. Hogan, "'A Parallel,'a matter of

versus coincidence,"in chance the Rocky is theday. of music Adult humor

1736. 00Jas. D. Bales, The Book of Mormon, Mason, Mountain Jan. 1956, pp. universe. thethe heart—tuned in on still is Roberts'Elder manuscript (1958). in manuEven to work out the small number script fonn.

Reflections of a Parent of seventyfive parallels Bales had to pad ""Brodie, op. cit., p. 47, n. 2.

cit., heavily. "'Cross, the of op. 81. Thus, both Book p. Mormon attained whether our son has But talk the Priest, Manuscript 7576. Spaulding about and pp.

all of or things these desirable civilizations, cit., great n*Josiah r'Brodie, history as op. does what p. 47 cf. 49, 45, 101.

OCTOBER 1959 759 Kayaks Down the Nile stop in time to avoid passing the but we debouched free safely with big river pigs. My only alternative only minor tears in the rubber hulls

(Continued from page 739) was to head for the widest gap befrom the submerged rocks we tween them and pray that I could couldn't avoid.

swept my companions far downget through before they closed the For about twelve miles we were stream out of sight by the time I space. I had time only to get in a kept in a constant state of hyperfinished and packed my camera few quick, powerful strokes, but tension with the threat of disaster

away. enough to send me streaking through from the unpredictable amphibians.

I no sooner pushed off, hurrying the menacing "picket line"at a They swarmed everywhere on the to catch up, than I was startled half dizzy rate, leaving them behind benarrow stream and in the bordering out of my wits by the sudden violent fore they were aware of what had papyrus swamps. One old bull,

appearance of a huge bull hippo. happened. But the worst was still watching as I glided towards him,

The monster bobbed to the surface ahead. only his massive, battlescarred head

with a great splash, blowing and At the head of a stretch of rapids jutting out of the water, decided he snorting like a fairy tale dragon, I caught up with my companions didn't like what he saw, gave an forcing me to swerve close to the and found them, too, in a state of indignant roar, and sank out of sight.

papyrus to dodge him. I was fully nervous excitement from hippo en- A few seconds later I swept by the

aware that hippos are the largest of counters. Andre informed me that spot where he had submerged,

all living, nonruminating land anihe counted 112 along the way in hugging the green bank as close as I mals, yet I had always believed them the river alone. The rapids were dared, every nerve in my body alert

to be goodnatured though lazy short but tricky and gave our kayakand tingling. Just as I thought I

critters with no malice towards huing ability a real test. The white had seen the last of him he unexmans unless wounded or defending water was a new experience to pectedly reared to the surface a few

their young. I had heard vivid acAndre and me, for though we had feet behind, scaring the daylights

counts of hippos attacking boats and gone on a shakedown trip on the out of me and came lunging along even killing people, but usually acMarne and Seine rivers in France to in my wake intent on finishing me cepted them with a tonguein-cheek familiarize ourselves'with our kayaks, off. Again I was forced to flee for

attitude, crediting them to an overwe hadn't encountered any rough my life, whipping my little shell worked imagination. water. Jean was a skilled paddler through the water as fast as my

But this private opinion, that unwith several years of kayaking expeaching arms could push it. In anmolested hippos were not dangerous rience on all the prominent rivers of other nip and tuck pursuit I witto man, was completely and everFrance to his credit, so we did our nessed an animal with a build like

lastingly refuted when the hulking best to follow in his wake and imi- a General Sherman tank and weighbehemoth came plunging after me tate his technique. We were hard ing as much as an automobile, charge

in a vicious charge that left no doubt pressed in avoiding the masses of through the water at a speed I never as to his intentions. From his nosrock looming in our path with the would have dreamed possible. I

trils, flaring furiously, emitting a boats sluggish and difficult to managed to elude the cantankerous cloud of spray with every snort, to maneuver from their heavy cargo, beast, but farther along I was chalhis stubby tail, he was nearly as lenged by other rogues who took it long as my kayak and must have into their heads that it was their weighed well over three tons judging duty to run me off their premises from his monstrous proportions; yet posthaste.

the enraged beast rushed through My arms soon became stiff from the water after me at a speed unTHEY PASSED ME BY my frantic efforts to evade and outbelievable for an animal his size. I strip them. A trio of hippos lolling

expected any second to feel his long by Ivy Houtz Woolley in the shallows in the papyrus raised yellow tusks crunching down on me their heads in amazement as I swept from behind, but with my arms Men passed me by—by. I stared back in equal fascinaworking like a windmill in a gale, Their smiles I did not understand; tion for one of them was a rare

the double blades of my single padTheir laughter seemed to be freak—an albino! Not really white

dle churning the water to froth in A spark by gladness fanned but a light glowing pink all over!

a desperate attempt to escape, I By fitful winds into a glow, Watching hippos from shore or even slowly pulled away from him until, Whence they came, I did not know, from the deck of a substantial finally, he broke off and dropped For smiles were just as strange to me launch is a fascinating pastime, but back, having successfully defended As melons on an apple tree. paddling in the midst of them in a

his domain against what must have fragile "bitesize"midget boat while seemed to him a fantastic intruder. They passed me by—they played "ringaround-a-rosy,"

I was heaving a sigh of relief over Their smiles I did not understand; with me as "rosy,"was one of the

my narrow escape when downstream Each time they passed, a cinder most;unnerving experiences of my

a hundred yards I saw, to my horror, warm life. At times it seemed I was in the

a whole family of hippos dotting the Fell on my cheek, my hand. water with them, positioned as I

surface. They were strung out I gathered up those cinders small was; with the rubber seat of my

across the narrow river in a formidaAnd held them for a while; kayak actually below the waterline,

ble blockade. At the swift rate I A wind came by, they burst to and the top of the cockpit a scant

was being swept along by the rushflame—.: eighteen inches above.

ing current, there was no way to I, too, have learned to smile. (Continued on page 762)

760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

When

you get /v\ that

1 Hollow

Feeling...

It's

time for NABISCO 7 Sugar

H? \-—HrP Honey R

Grahams

Available in oneand twopound packages

Sweet enough... flavored just right for adults'and children's tastes alike Wonderfully light... won't spoil

appetites Baked with pure, fresh honey and rich graham flour Scored so they snap rilfitiin; riajififarea'sy

eating Wrapped in 3 InEr-Seal wax packets to keep 'em fresh and crisp, national biscuit company

OCTOBER 1959 761

ilS Kayaks Doion the Nile I was wracking my brain for a (Continued from page 760) solution to our plight when I became aware that downstream the river

Once past the rapids, it was exseemed to be obstructed by a lowhilarating to be whisked along so lying screen of scrubby vegetation.

rapidly on the boiling current withAs we glided closer, my kayak in out exerting myself save to dip my the lead, I could see this phenomepaddle to keep heading straight. The non was caused by two dinky islands

pleasure of the moment quickly left lying parallel to each other across me when I analyzed our dangerous the river, both so rank with luxuriant predicament; the three of us racing tropical growth that their vines and

single file down a slender, hippobranches intertwined to form an alinfested corridor between solid walls most impenetrable living web. Before at of papyrus speeds to I had to twelve a chance up survey the JjukjB knots, situation place to I with no a properly landmake found myself

ing practical islets and of no the stopping with only upon courses way two FURNITURE by /JJkm* without skittish upsetting of action our craft. open; ateither I could JHEYWOODFor School like to was uncomfortably being plough VWAKEF1ELD 1 It through on tempt the

and Recreation a ski slide; a start is made and from ivychoked channel separating the

Rooms. Smart then on there is no turning back; islands, or I could dodge around and

styling and lifetime construction make the course must be followed to the gamble on squeezing through the furniture ideal TrimLine the for choice span right of water the end. For us the end came as stark between bank

school, social your rooms, and Sunday catastrophe. first island. the and a So making schools. of chromeplated tubular Made

steel with laminated plastic, solid wood or indestructible HeyWoodite Solid Plastic... available in a complete selection of

chairs, desks and tables in scientifically graded sizes. Write for catalogs.

The basis of credit and HEYWOODWAKEFIELD COMPANY

School Furniture Division MENOMINEE, MICHIGAN confidence...

Richard L. Evans

selfsuffi- EASY ORGAN COLLECTIONS ciencyLast weekthat wesometimestalked ofseemthe feelingsto assert ofthemselves for the THE when people feel sure that they no longer have of others, SPOKEN need and that ourselves reminded we no CHURCH ORGANIST WORD will be sure others, he man can not have need of

AMATEUR ORGANIST, NO. 28, &

successful life ASHFORDS EASY or VOLUNTARIES 2.25 looks. assured In this pursuing how theme we

.. CHRISTMAS VOLUNTARIES 1.00 to must inevitable conclusion, an come to of indeed foreone the

EASY CHURCH 1.50 VOLUNTARIES life: lessons of most is that the quality of humility of one the great.. EASY POSTLUDES 1.50

EASY WEDDING MUSIC 1.00 qualities of character, and there is no real greatness in anyone withFAVORITE out it. VOLUNTARIES, ORGAN to follow thread back the And now by come to which we

1, 2, VOLS. 3 ea. 1.50 this conclusion: Sometimes quality lose the of humility, when men FORTYTHREE OFFERORGAN....

TORIES 1.50 when they become cocksure, they may feel that they are above the

GOSPEL VOLUNTARIES, HYMN VOLS. 1 & 2 ea. 1.50 rules and principles that apply to others. And in this misconception

ONE PAGE ORGA VOLUNTARIES, they may cast off friends, cast off obligations, cast off principles

VOLS. I, 2, 3, 4 ea. conventions, 1.50 and use and to all circumstances suit themselves, even PORTFOLIO OF CHRISTMAS

opportunist. as an the opportunist is VOLUNTARIES in always, But in a sense, 1.00

PRELUDES FOR SERVICE 1.50 a precarious position—and may indeed cast off many things, the

PRELUDES FOR 1.50 WORSHIP of until need not which he knows perhaps the he knows need..... SIMPLE 1.50 ORGAN VOLUNTARIES

little a too late—for is all to friends the time along make the way MUSIC SENT APPROVAL ON

life; of is the credit to build time before urgently this in need we are Use advertisement as your order blank

of credit; to the time is acquainted become with the Lord God DAYNES MUSIC 15 E. 1st CO., South

Salt lake is City before 11, pressure of the necessity us. Utah establish to upon ought We Please send the music indicated above. basis the of confidence, credit, the basis of of trust, basis the with On Charge D friends, family, our our with Enclosed with the all men, and before Lord God ApprovalD Money

Name we find ourselves in too deep a deficit—before we find ourselves

Address at an inconvenient time, and under urgent necessity seeking for

City & State the credit, the favors, the friendship, the blessings, the understanding, that we shall surely sometime have need to seek.

Daijnes Music Columbia"The SpokenBroadcastingWord,"fromSystem,Temple AugustSquare presented2, 1959. overCopyrightKSL and1959.the

rrrrrrrrrrn&mfaHf 15 E. 1st So.145mNORTH UNIVERSITY, PR0V0 Salt Lake City 11, Utah

762 THE IMPROVEMEMT ERA 7:35 AM. An accident at County Road and 8:14 AM. The man from FARMERS is at the

Bay Shore. A phone call to the nearest scene, working with and for the insured.

FARMERS representative, and he's on his No red tape, no delays. He inspects the

way... fast. His job is to get to the damages, arranges for repairs and can

policyholder without losing a minute. even sign the check.

9:20 AM. The paper work is done, repairs started. In no time at all the motorist'

will be rolling again. FARMERS people are friendly people...ready and

willing to serve you quickly, efficiently, cheerfully. A phone call does it.

YOU SAVE MONEY WITH FARMERS! YOU ARE PROTECTED AGAINST

Farmers rates are lower—generally 20% UNINSURED DRIVERS

lower than most other companies—because All Farmers'auto liability

Farmers insures only careful drivers. policies automatically provide

Farmers gives a 10% discount for one year of accidentfree driving. Farmers protection against a hitand-run

allows an additional 25% discount on your or uninsured motorist—paying

second car, if you qualify. as much as $20,000.

You are first with Farmers!! AUTO LIFE FIRE TRUCK

Farmers Auto CallInsuranceFarmers Insurance Group

OCTOBER 1959 763.

For the Missionary..

splitsecond decision, I held to my straight course and shouted back to the boys, "Take the right channel,"trying to sound confident.

istinctive choice of I hesitated until the last possible programs to make the instant then lay back as far as posfarewell complete. The sible to avoid the tangle of vines and

missionary's photograph limbs clogging the gap.

included in folded program. The most horrible minutes of my

life followed my entry into the leafy $18.00 for 500 tunnel.when theI kayakhad justsmashedflattenedto myselfa halt

per and 85c 100 or less than 500 deep in the growth. Submerged for more

plus postage roots snagged the prow of my boat, causing it to hqe|f over sharply. Instantly the torrent rushed over the

The West's Finest tilted craft, filling and engulfing it.

Printers and Binders As the kayak settled, it turned turtle and broke free of the clinging vegetation. I found myself being

Deseret legsdraggedensnaredalong inupsidethe lashingsdown withwhichmy secured the bags. I was in poor

condition for the heartbursting ordeal which followed. For several News days I had been suffering from an

attack of dysentery which had vitality. What strength 33 RICHARDS ST.

in Press sappedremainedmy I had squandered EM 4-2581

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH the exhausting escapes from the hippo attacks. To make matters

worse I was momentarily stunned when the shotgun, which I had stuck down between the bags of equipment in the bow, came hurtling out and struck me full in the face.

When my senses cleared I gave one mighty heave, desperately summoning all my strength and wrenched free of the canvas coffin.

As I kicked away from my capGREATEST by ship gives you more for your transportation sized kayak I was viciously seized To Europe dollar (costs less, too)! Aboard any spacious Cunarder by the madly swirling torrent, which

you enjoy famous food, fun and service... a vacation in buffeted and bowled me along in

itself. Handy pier... reliable schedules... generous free such overpowering turbulence I was

baggage allowance. And you arrive refreshed. completely powerless and too dizzy

even to determine in which direction the surface was. I nearly strangled

as the raging water tore at my hat, still strapped around my neck. With CHOICE choice of dates, ships, rates, accommodaboth hands I ripped it off with a Always widest

tions in the Atlantic's biggest fleet. An average of 3 sailfleeting moment of regret and,

ings a week to Europe... including express service to ironically, with a picture flashing

Cherbourg and Southampton by the Queen Elizabeth across my mind of a sweltering me and Queen Mary, world's largest superliners. in bareheaded misery under a blazing African sun. My heavy boots

dragged me down like lead weights,

I clawed at them frenziedly to tear them from my feet, but without sucOver 118 years'CUNARDexperience assures utmost comfort, cess. I was drowning, and I knew

pleasure on a Cunard crossing. And for thrilling cruise it. "So this is the way I go, 'like a

vacations, Cunard's yearround program of cruises to fly being washed down a drain,'delight every taste, budget, vacation schedule. was my thought as I felt my life

ebbing away.

See your travel agent. My fervent petition, "Dear God,

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA please help me,"seemed miraculousdsh-r.

ly answered, for I broke the surface just as my lungs seemed on the verge of exploding. For a glorious moment

I stayed on top greedily breathing in great gulps of delicious, resuscitating oxygen, then was sucked under again. The brief "breather"

was all I needed. The will to live DON'T TURN OUT THE LIGHTS!

was enkindled, and this, added to a growing anger at such a needless death, enabled me to exert every ounce of strength I possessed in a final desperate struggle to survive. PUBLIC ADDRESS SYSTEM

I fought back to the surface using just my arms—kicking only seemed RECORD PLAYER

to make matters worse—and managed to keep from going under. slides

again. As I was swept along downstream, wondering how far I could # film strip

get before the crocodiles came after me, I caught a glimpse of the river behind and saw that I had been 16mm. motion pictures

whirled through a stretch of rockstudded rapids, just beyond the islands; Jean and Andre were nowhere

to be seen. The current, though

still fast and forcible, calmed enough to let me work my way close to the right bank where I tried to grab of stalks ofhold papyrus. I made S.ES PROMOTIONseveral attempts before I succeeded

in getting a firm grip and hauled myself painfully out of the racing RESEARCH water. I collapsed on a floating

of rotting vegetationmass and lay there gasping, faVISUAL EDUCATI half dead with tigue, when through waves of nausea I felt a jolt then heard an anxious French voice asking if I was all right. It was Jean. I rolled over

and said weakly, "I think so, but where is Andre?"He responded in

silence, gravely holding up a sodden Friddeli BlFI h completely hat and one dripping bag, all he had selfcontained.,. el'iminaies

river, able to retrieve thebeen from complicated setfingvp—

let to evidencebut sufficient us $ know that Andre had also met with J disaster perhaps and had not been If I. asas fortunate

(To he continued) THEATERQUALITY PICTURE & SOUND in any fullylighted room! Leave the blinds up, the windows open and the lights

on. BIFI's sound system accommodates MICROPHONE for

IRONY live commentary. One BIFI does the work of several complete sets of conventional equipment. by Craig Jensen, age 11

is the for timeAutumn leaves AUDIO HARRISON VIDEO earth; enrich theTo fall and

Winter is the time I wish Western Distributor

That summer was in birth. 115 No. Main CEdar 2-6396 Pocatello, Idaho

Spring is gay in all her beauty

Rippling through the land; Also available at

Summer is the time I wish That winter was at hand.

DeseretBBooh44 Et South Temple - Salt like Chf UtihCo.....

OCTOBER 1959 765 WEPCO

of aniof percent the two years 44 Cancer and DuoDot Tobacco a mals developed cancer which was (Continued from, page 735) indistinguishable cancer from human tar. EXTRUDED ALUMINUM Thisratedworkby twosubsequentlyindependentwas workers,corroboInat thethe sitecontrolof applicationgroup to whichof the only

-COMBINATION DOOR Dr. Auerbach in New York and the solvent was applied three times

Highest Quality Dr. Cowdery and his associates in a week, not one animal at the end

Lowpriced Door in St. Louis. Both have shown that of two years developed either a nonthe Intermountain changes which vary according to cancerous or a cancerous tumor.

West the amount one smokes, from chronic This shows without any question

Rugged, beautiful, preirritation to invasive cancer, occur or doubt that there is in the smoke cision built and a full 1 in the bronchial mucous membrane from cigarets a cancerproducing in thick. minutes Converts (the lining of the bronchial tubes agent.

to storm door from screen. where cancer develops). FurtherWe know that cancer of the lung

more, our studies show that these is increasing more than any other precancerous changes revert to cancer of the body and is now the

PaOMocHC ALUMINUM normal if smoking is discontinued. most frequent cancer of all. We

3-TRACK COMBINATION WINDOW They are reversible. But there does also know that there is a cancerChanges instantly from storm window come a time, as in the case of Evarts producing agent in the smoke of

to screen. Nothing to remove or store. Graham, when they are irreversible. cigarets, and the only logical conPrecision made of aircraft aluminum Dr. Graham and Dr. Wynder did clusion is that there is a causal

for lifetime service. a very fine piece of experimental relationship.

work showing without any question I am frequently asked whether SEE YOUR LOCAL or doubt that there is a cancerfilters help. I always answer in the

LUMBER DEALER producing agent in the smoke of affirmative. They do. They help

cigarets. They had a robotsmoking sell more cigarets. That is all thev

DISTRIBUTED BY machine that looked like a giant do.

MORRISONcandelabrum.cigarets at a time,It smokedusing athehundredsame withWe filterstook fiveandpopularone without,brands, fourand

tar five from these challenge I would MERRILL & CO. methodsixty secondsas humansit wouldwould.take aEverylong collectedcigarets. theAnd

Building Material Distributors drag of two seconds. The smoke anyone to pick out the one that does

was collected, and a tar residue was not have the filter. There is no difobtained. This was added to a ference at all.

solvent and applied to the skin of I sincerely hope that I can conanimals. At the end of eight months, vince all of you, and particularly

one noncancerous tumor developed you youngsters, never to smoke. I

at the site of application of the tar would say that if any of you do out of about 500 applications. At smoke, you should get an X-ray of

the end of the year, one real cancer, your chest at least every three which was indistinguishable from months, so that when you do develop human cancer in that it spread becancer—and you will just as surely

yond the body and killed the anias I am standing here before you—

mal, developed at the site of it can be detected in time, while it application of the tar. At the end is still curable!

GIFT OF SOUND

HARD OF by Anobel Armour

When I was just a child I knewSendHEARINGfor your Free cardboard replica of The song of birds

Behindthe-Ear Telexthe powerful New in for sizeday! your own hometoAnd sound of leaves when wind blows through, Try it on

see how comfortably it fits behind your ear. All in my mother's words,

are have hard a If you hearing—or patient loving hands. her Shaped by

the mail clip andfriend poor with hearing—of her I found Through replica free of this today. new Yourcoupon

Telex hearing aid will be sent to you by Music in all our meadowlands, return Though shut away from sound.

Now in the night when I hear stars,

Which takes an ear mail.TELEX

TELEX, Telex Park, St. Paul 1, Minn. Dept. D-310 Which knows no limit and no bars,

Please send me information and a free replica of this The very hemisphere new Telex. Orchestrates infinity,

Nome For silence is a song to me.

Address.

City State 766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The World's First Super Lubricant at a Motor Oil Price protects car engines like a charm—at belowzero temperatures, at 100F. above!

Put your carand your cares in CONOCO'S hands

More than an oil change is going into this engine. Our Conoco Dealer's adding the peace of

mind that goes hand in hand with skilled Conoco care. For example: the extra margin

of protection assured by Conoco's exclusive OilPlating discovery. It helps

Conoco allseason Super Motor Oil cling permanently to upper engine surfaces... protects engines against wear 24 hours a day. Fine protection? The best—and;

typical of the products you get from Conoco Dealers everywhere.

HOTTEST BRAND GOING...CONOCO!

CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY 1959. Continental Oil Comptny

OCTOBER 1959 767

practical plan for FREE A A booklet that shows you the way to vibrant Food Storage Shelves health. by George S. Nelson

Almost all of us realize the imalways been how to store in such portance of preparing for the future—a way that the oldest of the foodand of following the counsel of the stuffs may always be used first, as

NATURE'S WAY TO HEALTH leaders of the Church in storing the supply is constantly being refoodstuffs away against a time of plenished with fresher goods.

Drink Fresh Live Juices want—caused either by personal Bishop Richard S. Tanner of the

tragedy of communitywide disaster. Yale Second Ward. Bonneville (Salt

Own the best fruit and vegetable But the everpresent problem has ( Continued on page 778 juicer that money can buy. Prove

it to yourself without risk.

Moneyback guarantee.

CAN STORAGE?

Write Today SHELVES NH-e*; Place cans a+

JuiceMaster, Inc. rearC*S ofpr<shelves.rw -frorrKR.*KeeDa+fc

Dept. El rear eo*> vwitfc croyon.

Capacity. t/pte 900 cans

Muller Road of assorted siies.

East Peoria, Illinois

H '/?'><%-%> glued K

srcr A -A mm |VW lp|r Sherf

'Txl"L Srackef Screwed an & attached botKi5ids o-f- 5a"<e shelves

*\shQrtBRIDAL GOWNS rvv \8dRWfingnail wi+liWail

FORMALS head reinoved.

DRESSES LINGERIE FASTENERS

I >>>-;>.,**J '<v; o*>**

SIDE VIEW ""v* ////////////////////////// //////////////////////////////, ftH K- 7 '/**1—f G o I G"x 4 -O"I38 South Main Salt Lake City EacWPlywoodshelf(Cut 18xWshelves -frow 3- -9'x:8'sheets o-f plywood) -e- 9

When you think of TRAVEL SB 1'\o%"

ALTERNATE ENP Think of MURDOCK TRAVEL PLAN 51 North State Salt Lake City, Utah

DA 2-1 129

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What's the Hurry

(Continued from page 731) selfish and selfcentered. Mature

love, if it be real, desires not merely selfsatisfaction, but thinks first of the satisfaction of the mate.

Many young couples overemphasize the seriousness of problems which arise in the first years of their marriage, and, in a sense, make "mountains out of molehills."

This is not there are to say not tU cornet to you serious very problemsmany to meet and solve. But if they will consider such problems together, asadult people should, if they will oM yean tAnouyk

bring all their misunderstandings out into the open, discuss them frankly, and in a sort of mutual compromise face up to the trouble zones in married life, pinpoint and WHAT IS HOME STUDY?

is intellectual the Study to way Homeanalyze in keep them, and them spiritual which growth and may be disproper perspective, they may at conin your your achieved own home cover that they have been looking venience. "The Spirit of the Y comes to

through magnifying glasses. you through participation in the many

Home Study courses—the same courses

Where there is deep and mature that are taught on the Brigham Young love, which is being nurtured and University campus—under the personal

jealously guarded, the couple will guidancestanding offaculty.some ofStartthe theuniversity'snew schooloutconfide in each other and discuss year at home. Participate in the "back

all matters of joint interest—and in to school"movement with Home Study,

marriage everything should be of interest to both—they will stand together in adversity, will lean on,

support, and give strength to each other. They will find that their

combined strength is more than double the strength of either one of them alone. Trouble and adversity,

when jointly met, will strengthen the marriage and bind the couple together sometimes more closely than if all the days were sunshine and ease. Just "talking things over"goes

far toward reaching a solution, it keeps the couple in rapport but if the line of communication between husband and wife is severed, by sulking, or temper tantrums, what was once exuberance and joy gives wav to indifference, misunderstanding, and, if not corrected, active dislike and hatred. Inhibitions and

weakened relationships can be avoided and stress and strain can make us stronger if met and handled on an adult level. Please send a free HOME STUDY catalog to

Sincerity and frankness are to Name marriage what honesty and integrity are to business. Their presence inAddress.

sures success; their absence leads to City State.

bankruptcy.

In view of all of this, again we Send to:

should ask the question "What's the HOME STUDY hurry?"Brigham Young University

Provo, Utah

OCTOBER 1959 769 The Editor s Page praying. Do you know that he is

real, our Savior, the Head of the (Continued from page 727) Church? I know that he is!

his personality, that he hears you; He is a weak man who flies into a

do you feel a power that operates passion, whether he is working a perhaps as the radio or a greater machine, plowing, writing, or whatpower so that you feel that you are ever he may be doing. A man of the

communing with him? You are not priesthood should not fly into a pasjust saying your prayers, you are sion. Learn to be dignified. You

So good for babies...that Special The ignorance that shuts out

Morning Milk understanding

So easy to digest, Special Morning Richard L. Evans

Milk is the only evaporated milk last of happiness, of discontent, week of cited this comparisons, problem especially developed for babies... Weand ofspokethe and

the only evaporated milk with exTHE twocentury-old sentence: "If one only wished to

tra Vitamins A and D added in WORDSPOKEN be happy, this could be easily accomplished; but

the amount doctors believe best to we wish to be happier than other people and this is difficult, for others to believe always than they be happier we help bones and promote sound 1 are."barriers of to the greatest happiness is ignorance. One And

to resistance teeth and build this old say despite is bliss."that saying If the "ignorance we

disease. it is, it is a bliss founded on false foundations. Happiness should

be, must be—indeed basically has to be—founded on fact—on truth

Ask your doctor about Special and intelligence. And today we should like to consider in a few

sentences the ignorance that pertains to the problem of getting Morning Milk for your baby!

along with people—the ignorance that shuts out understanding—

that creates mistrust, intolerance, and contention. "The earth and

the fulness thereof has been placed at the disposal of Man,"wrote

Hendrik Van Loon in his Geography. "This home of ours is a good

home. It produces... benefits in... abundant measure.... BALANCED But Nature has her own code of laws.... Nature will give unto

will It her study precepts abide take and by her dictates. that we

.. it willDOUBLE ACTION us,time,and she will give without stint, but in return she demands painful find take us education the. slow and to make

MEANS true road of salvation. But that road leads towards the consciousness that we are all of us fellowpassengers on one and the same

for better fact that realized the or for worse and grasped BETTER BAKING planet.have Once we have got hold of this absolute verity—once we

.. this is it therefore that us to behooves home. our common

behave as we would if we found ourselves on board a train or a steamer bound for an unknown destination—we shall have taken

'* Guaranteed 1 the first but most important step towards the solution of that

Good Housekeeping of all root our difficulties. terrible which is at the problem We

sJ; **0VTISO v#&

planet are are all of us fellowpassengers same on the... and we

all of us equally responsible for the happiness and wellbeing of the world in which we happen to live."2 With this awareness we

would plead with all people to penetrate the shadows, to dispel

CLABBER ignorance and invite understanding—because what affects any of

GIRL us affects all of us. And earnestly we need, all of us, understanding—understanding ourselves, understanding other people and

their problems. Ignorance is an enemy. It is not happiness. "This

home of ours is a good home"2—but more and more we need to

cross the chasms that keep us from understanding, from communicating as man to man, for we are, all of us, fellowpassengers

CLABBER GIRL on "Thethe sameSpokenplanet.Word,"Wefrom needTempletoSquarelearn presentedto get along.over KSL and the

EXCLUSIVELY known as the Columbia Broadcasting System, August 16, 1959. Copyright 1959.

Baking Powder with the 1Charles cle Secondat Montesquieu.

BALANCED double action 2Hendrik Willem Van Loon, Van Loon's Geography.

HULMAN AND COMPANY TERRE HAUTE, INDIANA

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Start Going Around With

cannot picture Christ flying into a onpassion. Indignant with sin? Yes. Drew Pearson

moneychangers out the droveHe and defiled "Washington MerryGo-Round"they insulted Godwhen the temple. Yes, but he was so dignified and noble that when he stood One of the nation's most

before Pilate that ruler was impelled to say: "Behold, the man."popular and widelyquoted

"Whate'er thou art, act well thy columnists is Drew part."Pearson. He's yours to

read regularly on the editorial pages of the Deseret News and Telegram. Regularly he

SUNDAY SCHOOL IN AN OLD MILL scores news beats and his interpretation of the by Louise Darcy significance of events has made him one of Where once a mill wheel turned, the most highly now Sunday School respected Washington

Is held above the water as it flows writers of all time.With steady current; from a nearby

tree Bright leaves drift down; this scene

of calm repose Upon a Sabbath day makes Bible THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S NEWSPAPER words

Seem very plain, an atmosphere

That offers its abundant loveliness,

The gift of God in autumn of the year. INSURED

An agency of the Federal Government

These Times Insured Safety (Continued from page 716) your savings received by the 10th earn from the first come to see the United States?

None of the foregoing are rootrfllilll causes. Rather they are effects. A

fundamental shift is taking place in the structure of world power. FolgUyiNGS lowing are some of the forces that

have brought the world to the and nervous point, half fearful yet hopeful, of the EisenhowerKhruschev ASSOCIATION LOAN exchange visits: Benefit Building Society formerly Zions

of the United rearmament 1. The 1st SOUTH -SALT LAKE CITY of the 33 EAST its resumption States and attitude of strength, very apparent 493 SOUTH STATE - MURRAY

by 1947. LJ+an's Oldest Savings and Loan Association

2. The death of Stalin in 1953,

followed by internal shifts in the politics. of Soviet structure These DOLLS! DOLLS! DOLLS! aspirashifts reflected the needs and

business. We fascinating most world's

Dolls and all kinds people tions the of younger make, repair, to you of a LEARNteach ofyou while sellEarn home. at accessories. Study society. industrialscientific rising fulltime. or Welearn.show part business right at your Start own quickly, Learn music—De obligation. without accordion, any catalog ownpiano, how. to your FREE play you home,

it No boringinstrument. famous righteasy. SCHOOL away. piecesmake HOSPITAL picturedplaying Start cises.Our DOLL THE exercost.for Lowwrite students, IE109 studio S. WeUC.will Lawrencesalesman lessonssimpleincludingguitar,teacher.No No California 49. los Angeles Blvd. Vicente San call.N, T. U. 11826 Washington, Port StudioAi2Din,obligation. Music, book.of SchoolFREE1,000,000

OCTOBER 1959 771 i

3. Technical developments, parMAIN ticularly in H-bomb and missile

STREET weaponry. The futility of war beAT 5TH cameand unpracticedmore visibleeyesto ofthemenignorantwho

SOUTH formerly thought in terms of places to hide, of escape. Now there was

320 Rooms The Motel no4.placeThe torisehide,to worldno escape.power of Red

Air Conditioned with the China, a factor unknown to either

Russia or the world situation in

Barber Shop Hotel 1945. Russia remembers Genghis

Beauty Salon Location Khan. The world, including Khruschev, contemplates the new China,

also remembering.

5. Most amazing of all, and most

all the forces has been START YOUR OWN productive of the utilization of American rearmaThe Presidents of the ment and industrial power in unways. precedented United The BUSINESS HOME its to of contrary States America, to of your Get How COPY FREE Church

revealMail Order"Make Money pattern, out behavior led former to get and plans where on ing howin sell [QtC*"**. to products by collective best of after \U 1945 in measures mail—how

in profits to pocket Publication advance—how security. the United NaThere was ads. fam free Men, to get women, shows profit ilies, start big home your own (the fullcolor insert from the City. in tions organization York New you experiwithout business mail order

i or investment. product ence all New reHOW Its affiliated agencies have

I helps plan Mail Exchange Order beginners start. Confidential bulleNovember 1958 ERA) ceived vigorous US support. But

mail, newest show products to sell by youtins show for your more amazing, the United States today Writesurefire techniques. order mail

Mail in of '"How to Make MoneyFREE COPY Order.'constructed and led out in the formaovernight. reaches us AirmailThere's no obligation.

1717 Westwood, MAIL. ORDERDept. XI 65 A,EXCHANGELos Angeles 24, Calif. may now be obtained from tionalliancesof aoutsideseries ofof the"entangling"western

hemisphere: NATO, SEATO, ANDeseret Book Company or ZAC, 'and the other worldgirdling

strength, will, and resources Can Simple Bookcraft pacts.the All these alliances pledged Exercise of the United States to keep the

195053, tested, This peace. will was Help You? or their representatives in States did in Korea. United The

Famous heart specialist and two not shrink. It boldly led out in the

tell norphysiologists how noted costly of its history, war fit, your community thirdmost keep can and women mal men princito maintain a war undertaken particyouthful, active trim, and after ularly 35, by simple exer- $1.00 a copy ple. the circulastimulate cises The alliances have been a bithat

tion. Mailed free as a public partisan effort and a bipartisan

service by Exercise For Health, achievement. The names of Harry

Box 2520, New York 17, N. Y. Ask S. Truman and Dean Acheson as

for pamphlets A-64, 65 and 66. the architects of NATO, as the hardtried decisionmakers in the Korean

crisis, are linked with those of FILMS! Dwight D. Eisenhower as first comDEVELOPED & PRINTED mander of NATO forces under the

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS Truman administration, later as PresAids in treatment of Canker, simple ident, with John Foster Dulles his throat of "posture"sore State. of and Secretary The other minor mouth Exposur Coin Send Onlv irritations. Catlett throat George and advocated by. strength C.O.D.'s—No

built. Dulles'Mr. Marshall was Copied PHOTOS

HALLS REMEDY r GENEALOGY—"brinkmanship"only against protagonistshas beenas used,in Korea,not

Salt Lake City. to uphold used been but it has Utah PHOTO

H.:-t-i..--i.nn:-lH'-..iJ crisis, in the as principle, Suez

against our tried and true friends of Britain and France.

OLYMPIC an d SKI VACATION The uses of power are many.

15 Inch Typewriters suitable Finest mountain ski lodge—excellent cuisineThey are complex. But there has

for Genealogy work allValleymealsand included—other ski transportationareas. to Squaw been clear demonstration that

Save from 25% to 60% on Factory rebuilts. dancing.Evening excursion to Reno—entertainment—power, dedicated to a durable world free literature. for Write

SCHREYER TYPEWRITERS 14 South RobbinsMain Travel SaltIntl.Lake City

757 So. State Salt Lake City 11, Utah EL 9-0959 Apply early.

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA order, can and will be used in pursuit of justice. The Russians understand this.

The task is only begun. Crisis

will yet mount upon crisis. The

crude instruments of world order are utterly dependent on the intelligence, goodwill, and spirit of the men who wield them, American, Russian, or Chinese. The ice often

thickens, is harder, more slick, and difficult to manage, after a thaw.

This, all must remember.

In the long run the better fire with which to melt the ice of suspicion, fear, mistrust, and hatred, is the torch of faith. The greatest

You need extra Minerals and Vitamins, that is more than you normally get from a balanced diet, when you are under stress. Whether that stress is physical or emotional, major

or minor.

Our mission is to save, to preserve Why not try Don Lymans 2 to 1 Food Supplement from evil, to exalt mankind, to bring it may help you to look better, feel better and have more pep and vitality.

light and truth into the world, to Don Lyman's 2 to 1 Food Supplement will supply from Natural and Organic sources to of be needed Vitamins quantities of all the and many Minerals known and generous the earthprevail the people upon of nutrition. of being needed suspected in human vitamins, minerals food factors and other righteouslyto and the God, before walk

to honor him in their lives and with Send for a 6 months supply the first fruits of all their substance of 2 to 1 on our money back guarantee plan.

and increase, that their barns may You can save money by using some of our other high quality health food products, be filled with plenty and, figuratively Liver tablets, C tablets from Rose hips, Bone Calcium Wafers, Honey Protein Wafers, B speaking, that "their presses may Complex tablets—ALLin-ONE Mineral & Vitamin tablets—Natural & Organic—Hl-B-Yeast

burst out with new wine"tablets. Children's vitamins to chew or dissolve, fruit flavored.

President Joseph F. Smith

human conception is the faith evidenced in the Christian message. con lose weight!Though the Son of Man gives his

life on the cross, there is no surrender, no defeat, no letup. He

rises again and continues the work.

Others follow. The pattern spreads.If, in these times, men can harness with SURE MEAL

the relationships knowlbetween theedge and faith, guiding result LoseLose2 pounds3 to 6 apoundsweek onon 92 successiveSURE MEALSSUREa dayMEALSuntilin you3 dayshave with love, the big thaw may conyour weight at a satisfactory level—Then use SURE MEAL only

tinue. once a day to maintain or hold your weight right where you

Ponder well the theme, in the age want it.

of Sputnik: "Ye shall know the siveSUREwayMEALto solveprovidesyour theweighteasiestproblems.and most simple and inexpentruth, and the truth shall make you

free."No man can be saved in IT'S DELICIOUS AND EASY TO USE

ignorance. The replacement of iglight of the withnorance knowledge

its causes,of the cold war, and has 472Don SouthLyman 10th& AssociatesEast, Salt Lake City, Utah EM 3-9674 only begun. The light of truth has Please mail or deliver without extra cost.

rekindledconstantly in such to be a Food Supplement Delicious Way to Reduce uses, its necessary hasquest. Fear

including fear of communism. But Don Lyman's 2 to 1 SURE MEAL

positivefaith in something must be Mineral & Vitamins 2040 MealMeal SizeSize $4.75$9 00 H Chrisstronger than such fear. The

tian faith asserts that good can over- 1 Month Supply180 tablets $5.49 Q Case 240 Meals $45.00 Q

come evil. Such faith is needed in 2 Months Supply360 tablets $10.00 DeFatted Chocolate

these times, fortified by evergrow- 6 Months Supply-! 080 tablets $25.00 Vanilla

ing knowledge of the relevant truth Other Products Butterscotch of the matter. Name

Address

City & State OCTOBER 1959 773 fete.

lltitf

V:::.:'?!'

1 eacner TVeafe

Today's Family Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

"An apple for the teacher,"is a timehonored saytreat"extends to all ages and under different condiing. Today let's make a switch and say an apple or tions.

some other treat for the pupil. No, as teachers we To teach is a wonderful calling in our Church. A

won't be "polishing apples"in the negative sense teacher has great power. She may even change the

of the phrase. But we will in little ways add interest statistics in eternity, but it takes a great deal of

to our class by surprising the young people with a "caring enough."She must care enough to know

treat occasionally. It's good to socialize with the each girl personally, to be a friend to every girl, to

group and build a "oneness."prepare a good thoughtprovoking lesson, to build a

When one YWMIA general board member was oneness in the group, to be a good example, and to speaking to a group of stake leaders she said, "If go the extra mile.

you are good enough your ward leaders will attend Maybe the extra mile would be an unusual invitaleadership meeting,"and one class member spoke tion to come to Mutual. One leader wrapped a slice

up and said, "I am good, but they haven't come the of thinly cut bread in Saran wrap with this note first time to find out."Another man answered, enclosed: Dear Jane—Here is the bread. Please come

"Serve them pie."Of course, he meant have a to Mutual next Tuesday night for the jam. With

party, bring them together as a social unit then they'll love—Sister Carr. She slipped this into an envelope

come to leadership meeting and find out how good and sent it on its way. Then the next Tuesday she

the leader really is. So this "piece of pie"or "teacher's held her class in the ward kitchen. While the lesson

774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mrs. America makes new delicious

M Caramel Twists with Fleischmann's Yeast baking given was bread beingwas to readyin the oven, come and Bisquick timed out just ten minutes before class "It's so easy to whip up these caramelpecan rolls,"says Mrs. L. Clarke Priebe of Des

was over. What a delicious aroma Moines, the new Mrs. America*. "There's just

filled the room and what fun it was one rising! And mm... that wonderful flavor

for the girls to cut into the hot bread only yeast can give. I mean Fleischmann's

and spread it with jam. Active Dry Yeast. It always gives me fast

, Inc.T Another teacher held her class risings and perfect results!"Reg. Mrs... America

finfire a blazingbefore and open / \ TWISTS CARAMEL toastthe lessonished off hour by I \ or butter 1 Ya cup soft Blue Bonnet Margarine package Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast ing marshmallows. Yi cup brown sugar 21/2 cups Bisquick

1 teaspoon light corn syrup 2 tablespoons melted margarine or butter

Yi cup chopped Royal Pecans Ya cup brown sugar

Perhaps you would like to seat Ya cup warm, not hot, water 1 teaspoon cinnamon your girls around a large table and Melt margarine or butter; stir in sugar, sharp knife crosswise into strips about one

toward the end of class pass a big oblongsyrup, bringpan. Sprinkleto rollingwithboil.pecans.Spread Dissolvein large inchin panwide.lYiTwistincheseachapart.strip.Cover.Seal ends.Let risePlacein

basket of popcorn, nuts, fruit, or yeast in warm water in mixing bowl. Mix in warm place, free from draft, until doubled

1 hour. at 400 F. about Bake

immediately.even a dish of olives and dill pickles. boardBisquick,dustedbeat vigorously.with Bisquick.TurnKneaddough ontountil 20in bulk,minutes.aboutInvert pan

The girls will love it. smooth, about 20 times. Roll into 12inch

square. Brush with 2 tablespoons melted

Let's list a few "teacher treats:"margarine or butter. Sprinkle center third

cookies and cold milk with onehalf the sugarcinnamon mixture.

Fold onethird over center third. Sprinkle

root beer floats with remaining sugarcinnamon. Fold replate filled with candy maining third over the two layers. Cut with

a beautiful cake a high stand on \ \ FLEISCHMANN'S Y E AST—A N OTH ER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS INC. /I

filled (see with Crunchies bowl

March Era for recipe, p. 200.)

of balls basket popcorn juice tomato crackers Daily Air Service and cheese spiced apple cider GLENGLEN cheese straws and root beer CANYON PA6E

For a crunchie, hearty cookie try—FLAGSTAFF, KANAB Salted Peanut Mounds

(delicious served with milk) SALT LAKE CITY

1 cup shortening RENO 2 cups brown sugar 2 eggs 2 cups flour 1 teaspoon soda 1 teaspoon baking powder % teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon vanilla 2 cups quick cooking oatmeal 1 cup cornflakes 1 cup salted peanuts MOPOSEOPRESENT ROUTESROUTESHLWtlGKT LINELINE

Cream shortening and the brown sugar, then beat in the eggs one at Write for Bonanza's a time. Sift the flour, soda, salt, colorvarietyfoldersof Packageon a Tours

and baking powder and add to toof thethe funWest!spots

P. O. Box 391,

Las Vegas, Nevada. FLY BONANZA AIR LINES

OCTOBER 1959 775 creamed mixture. Then fold in Grate the cheese finely. Sift flour

vanilla, oatmeal, corn flakes, and and seasonings together. Cream

salted peanuts. Put small mounds butter until light and fluffy; add the

on a buttered cookie sheet and flatseasoned flour and cheese. Blend

ten with a fork. Bake at 350 F. thoroughly. Let stand in refrigeraWhole Spanish peanuts, brown skins tor at least an hour. Roll pastry Vs

and all, can be used. inch thick. Cut into strips 4 inches

long and % inch wide. Lift careAnother good cookie with a more fully with a spatula and place on

delicate flavor is called ungreased cookie sheet. Sprinkle

with paprika. Bake at 400 F. for

Pineapple Drops about 8 minutes. Be careful not to

brown too much. They burn easily.

1 cup white sugar Makes about 3 dozen cheese straws.

1 cup brown sugar 1 cup shortening Spun Peanut Brittle 2 eggs well beaten 1 cup crushed, drained pineapple 2 cups white sugar

WATER Vz4 cupsteaspoonfloursalt(approximately) 11 cupcup waterwhite corn syrup

HEATER 2 teaspoons baking powder Bring to boil with lid on. Remove

1 teaspoon soda lid and cook until it spins a thread.

1 teaspoon vanilla Add 2 cups salted peanuts and stir, 1 cup chopped nuts cook to 300 F. on candy therLIVE BETTER mometer. Take from heat and add

ELECTRICALLY wellCreamtogether.the shorteningAdd the andeggssugarand and1 square2 teaspoonsbutter, vanilla.1% teaspoonsStir. Poursoda

with FULL other ingredients. If dough is too out onto 3 wellbuttered cookie

HOUSEPOWER stifflittle towithdroppineapplefrom spoonjuice.thin Dropit a withsheetsforksand untilbeginit isstretchingvery, veryit thin.out

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. by teaspoon on a buttered cookie Cool. Break into pieces and fill large

sheet. Bake at 350 F. basket.

Golden Popcorn Balls Nut Nibbles

A good popcorn ball recipe comes 1 lb. salted nuts

in handy on many occasions. An 1-12 oz. pkg. shredded wheat

"I have found the appropriate Halloween treat would squares be popcorn balls. 1-10 oz. pkg. Cheerio Oats

Pilgrim Bible most helpful... I-6V2 oz. pkg. rice squares

the crossreferences invite the com- 3 gallons of popped corn 1 lb. pkg. slip pretzels

parison proper for interpreting Scrip- 1 cup cooking oil ture by Scripture. This combination of Combine 1 cup dark corn syrup, y& lb. melted butter

lb. of package sugar, brown bringscholarship simplicity and and faith in 1 choices to taste. are Season Some boil, to 1 a good and of square addthe refreshing."most Word is salt, salt, garlic salt, celery onion or butter margarine. Stir con-—Pierson Master, Curtis,

The Stony Brook School, Stony Brook, N. Y 1stantly.cup evaporatedBring to amilkboil andagain.% Addcup WorcestershireSpread out insauce.large pan in oven

Pilgrim Bible exThe for roast about an hour at and sugar. Boil white to ball, a soft plains while God's Word

0jfl#N Stir 285 cooking. F. while read. helps, All notes, you stirring. over Pour popcorn and etc. are presented with

gently press.; F THi simplicity with buttered to utmost hands apand

pear on the same page form balls. HOLY verse with the to which

BIBLE, theyEnglishrefer.andDr. 37E. contribSchuyler

utors produced this anThese cheese straws are wonderof notated edition the ful as a snack treat and are just as AUTHORIZED KING JAMES version. various In binddelicious and special served accomTREASON WITH REASON $5.50, ings from at your

bookseller. Oxford Univerpanying a dainty luncheon salad.

sity Press, 1600 Pollitt Drive, J. by Annie Laurie Von Tungeln Fair Lawn, N.

Cheese Straws

y* lb. nippy American cheese The fondest mom or daddy

1% cups flour Enjoy V2 teaspoon salt Besieged by twenty hearties

Rose Bowl Game and Parade y& teaspoon pepper Becomes a shade allergic

Disneyland, Marineland, Knotts Berry Farm y& teaspoon cayenne pepper xk cup butter To children's birthday parties. Robbins Travel Intl.

14 South Main Salt Lake City EL 9-0959 - EL 5-7843 Reservations Limited—Apply Early

776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA // The Toast of the Town"made with TABLE QUEEN—of course /

Tastes better - better—because Table Queen

has a smooth, even texture.

Try a loaf today—see how good

bread can be.

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY, SAtT I A K E AND OGDEN

P motvioe II1 quick profits FOLDING f:T i *--1l\ * *i ON BEING A LADY ran

A Shining You TABLES Your people will buy Historical Messenger's Prices Direct & are the the In all world you most sight. Art Calendar on to Discounts calendar This is theimportant you. person—to can You Schools, Churches, especially designed

this leavenever walk and away Lodges, Clubs, for the and produced person. You can never run away and of.'Institutions Church of Jesus Christ

from her for even a split second. ofWardsLatterDayand StakesSaints.can

Already you have lived fourteen, makeup to 100% profit.

tested proven and Asixteen, or years eighteen maybe fundraising program TRUCKS MONROE her. Is to storing For she Chairswith and orsomeone for be quorums and

the truck wayTables Each ganizations. modernFoldingtables handles easycither chairs ConstrucIt's of? to kindproud you what up

of tion permits storage No TSCor Transport Storage full Mail for coupon in limited Truckspace is. girlof No. TS she Truck particulars. sizes 54 Catalog Write showing and and it please she looks? you Does how '[ Tables, of types Trucks. Folding and Also for MONROEDiscounts HistoriMessenger

Let's talk about being worthy to be popular line of Folding Chairs. / cal ArtCalendarhas

/ scriptural brief mesat, in otherlooked words—scrubbed the COMPANY "Womoe. for sage LatterDay

STREET. clean. It is impos249 CHURCHand shining COLFAX. IOWA I/ Saints for each day

year of the together clean. tosible too Today's be

13 appropriate high, arestandards the whole of you // artwith reproductions color. natural in full, / that In, glowing look. havemust?

/ data, Also

'"'other standards ages the were dif- I etc. Thehistorical Ten Comferent. Chaucer's Canterbury Tales.?? u / mandments on the back

J,- // Englishcover in letteringbeautiful withOldtells of a lady who was thought aj to the other be overfastidious colored by pi and HAT COAT RACKS border—suitable for framing. Church for every need *s*&itravelers didn't drip because she

(S-4-CT) Checkerette pro- 4 A 454; $1.25; 3 copies copy Single PRICES: front of dressgravy the her down shelves vides ft.ventilated hat and copies 25 $7.75; 12 copies $4.50; either or coat 32 coat 24 hangers it also, eating. she She waswhen

hooks. Checkerdouble $15.00. copies 50 A

stated,surprisingly clean hands. ette of had length equal (D-4-CT)accommodates

hooks. or hangers 64 on prices on Both better for on larger Write today days of theIn King Arthur, disor setup people can48 be anywhere sales for plan. proven quantities and less in a assembled than minute careless prettywere about washing

nuts, bolts or tools, can without be will like chairs, clothes.their folding or person might own stored A

rigid for years. stand double The j7rVit for dress withone years and wear casters Checkerette on comes Proctor Francis

it for easy largewhen movement of benefit cleaning.out a There Lake South, Salt City 6, Utah 1051 E. 21st, can beis assembled. Checkerettes

for robes vestor "high"assembled cleanmachines,were no washing Historical at Please.Messenger send once or for wraps adult ments, "normal"for Art Calendars I960. fluids,ing detergents, or deodorants. children. for Checkerette "low"

is remittance Enclosed of $. in 2, 3 4 ft. Wall and Racks come to and were supposedMen women will to lengths up accommodate and free and information Please send on Ward

foot. running hats per 12 coats and sales like plan. Stakesmell the environment in which

wall at are on mounted Theythey worked. A cook should smell proper heights for each age

of garlic, a coachman of horses, a group. Writeshowingfor Bulletinthese andCTother690 Name.

steel wardrobe units. Address.

VOGELPETERSOK modernCOMPANY City State. People Rack Coat The

Illinois Street, 9. Chicago 37th 1127 West

OCTOBER 1959 777 Ever think what would happen if *) glue maker of glue. But today we

are judged differently. This world fire were to lay waste your home; is cleanconscious. are clean How

See the friendly Agent of the you right now? Two boys were

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. talkingtended. aboutOne boya dancesaid, they"I don'thad likeatin your locality. He will be glad to help you check your to dance with her."The other boy

policies. asked, "Why? She dances well."0r see The first fellow came back with,

right, smells."hair "That's her but HEBER J. GRANT & CO. to hear say him were it you And just

General Agents sure it didn't smell sweet. Clean,

20 South Main—Salt Lake City shining hair is a halo everyone can

afford to have. To be popular, to

make good first impressions let your goal be—a shining self. This must

include all of you, your ears, neck, teeth, elbows, heels, fingernails, complexion, and clothes. You can't

be almost clean. You either are or

you aren't. There is no halfway to it.

That wonderful, refreshing, sparkling liquid called water is yours to

FAMOUS use.away Addgo dirt,soapsweat,and dust,latherandit, bacand

teria, out a sweet, comes sweet and FOR FIT in spotyou. clothe yourself Then

SINCE 1850 less apparel, and you are ready to meet the world on its top level.

Food Storage Shelves

(Continued from page 768) University of Utah proudly announces Lake City) Stake, asked the writer 30 DAYS OF FUN & TRAVEL IN MEXICO to find a solution to the difficulty of

Arranged by ROBBINS TRAVEL INTL. knowing which cans to use first. The

storage unit, as seen in the drawing,

November 14December 13 was easy to make and assemble, and

Prof. Gregory Crampton—Director the materials cost about $20.00.

University Credit Optional It presents the following advanApply at tages to its user:

to sixty varieties of cans 1) Up

Intl. Travel Robbins seen. readily be

Salt Lake City may Main 14 South

EL 9-0959 2) Old and new cans may be disRegister early—space limited. tinguished by a system of dating. NEED MONEY? first, oldest cans are used 3) The

organization or Church your You can before the cans newest become or more by selling to $1,000 make up available. readily

Christmas cards and supplies. H undreds of 4 ) The fullest use of space is made

Gifts All our merchandise Unique on consignment. Different oldest the cans the newest and Disas Imports! many Many, Free shipAbsolutely no money outlay. the cans row. occupy same tinctive jewelry, household

All delivery. ping, major stationery, toys, immediate novelties, are inserted cans behind 5) New

cards, ceramics. Christmas supplies cards of lines quality and of old the cans with a minimum selection of choice Excellent MAKING

prices. at lowest available Big best sellers. Get colorful effort.

Catalog Free and sales kit. 6) Cans are rotated by a oneAverage profit of LDS organizations last I GIFTS V needed. No experience

year, over $200—several more than Write to: third turn each time a can in a given

is $1,000. removed. (The periodic mov- N PEN

9-436, Room the cans'contents 366BRUSHWacouta St. rowing of is considered Write or call now for full details. 1, St. Paul Minnesota

No obligation. a must in keeping stored foods

Visit us during conference usable.)

7) Other shelves may be built at

DRINK the side of the can storage shelves, \}.&\jJ,lA/kole5ale IJjLstributoM thereby providing maximum storLDS and Operated Owned age space in a minimum area. A delightful Salt State Lake 2435 So. for those City, Utah ficqhot beverage

5-0812 Phone HU coffee. drink don't who

If call 8-4681 answer, no CY AT YOUR GROCERS 778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Creating Classroom Atmosphere

(Continued from page 749) one of the many commandments given to the Prophet Joseph Smith and our Church leaders concerning the need of gaining an education and developing our intelligences and to "seek learning, even by study and also by faith. "-

The many techniques and methods that could be employed in adapting this third principle are legion, and it would require more space than this article would allow here to discuss.

However, "students learn by doing"was the finding of one great educator, and in the gospel that we teach our students need to see the relationship of what is being taught to the everyday problems they are experiencing in life. This can often be

accomplished by using group dynamics or group activities in the solving of class problems suggested by the teacher. Hereand nowsituations in

religion will assist students to see the real value and necessity for making a serious study of the gospel. 3

Fourth, do we build group morale?

Every teacher knows the value of team spirit. We see it in our local

schools and colleges, particularly during a major sporting event. The

armed forces called it esprit de corps. It is that certain intangible,

proud feeling that fills the breast of an individual because "he belongs."

As teachers we should try to develop this same spirit of enthusiasm and dedication in class—a concern for

each other, the "we"concept: a loyalty to the group, the kind of class

that provides opportunities for shared spiritual experiences which brings each participant back to the class week after week not because he is commanded or forced to go but because he would not want to miss the experience for anything.

Good Latterday Saints are developed out of religious experiences.

If we as teachers are to assist the

Church in developing Christlike persons, it is necessary for us to provide opportunities for Christlike experiences through the kind of atmosphere we create in our classrooms.

D&C 88:118.

xHereand-nou)-situation is a term used by the writer to describe the modern application of an ancient or earlier principle to a present situation. INTRIGUING AROMA! When Big Boy's nostrils twitch with delight, ten to one

he's succumbed to the tantalizing aroma of Rancho Chicken Noodle, Vegetable,

Cream of Mushroom or our other fine Rancho Soups. Rancho Soups have a way

with men. Why not find out tonight? Enjoy his beaming smile!

OCTOBER 1959 779 Ward Teaching Supplement

GIFT OF THE

HOLY GHOST

One of the great needs of man is companionship. receive witness—so essential to salvation—that Jesus

God has so ordered things that we can enjoy this Christ is indeed our Savior. (John 15:26.) We gain

blessing all of our lives. We come into the world, testimonies of the divinity of this gospel and perceive

born of mothers who become our first companions our responsibilities and privileges in relation to it.

and friends, offering love and security. Our fathers, When temporary setbacks come upon us, we have the

brothers, and sisters are also immediately part of assurance that the Lord is watching over us and that our lives, and the circle soon extends to include other it is he who knows what is the best for us in the relatives and friends. As we grow older our number larger scheme of things. We are strengthened when

of associates increases until that very decisive point all else fails. We gain insight into the personality of

when we select a special companion for all eternity. God, himself, and can begin to form a rewarding

Then come children of our own, grandchildren, companionship with him, also.

inlaws, friends and acquaintances. We seek and About the physical being and personal characterisare able on different levels to make ourselves one tics of the Holy Ghost, our knowledge is limited: he

with society, to "fit in,"to want and be wanted, to is a Personage of spirit, a Being separate and distinct appreciate and be appreciated, to love and be loved. from the Father and the Son. About the working of

There is one very special companionship to which his spirit in our lives we can know much, and the we are entitled through, our membership in the more we know the less concerned we become with

Church. That is the companionship of the Holy that which we don't know and the more interested

Ghost. This gift we receive through the laying on of we are in trying to live up to that which we do.

hands of authorized servants of God. This companFrom one end of life to the other, we form comionship is different from all others, but like the others, panionships, associations, friendships—and remember

it must be cultivated if we are going to get maximum these as some of the choicest of our earthly experibenefit. This we can do by keeping ourselves close ences. Here, too, we must be discriminating and

to the Lord, keeping his commandments and letting selective, for the number we can form is of necessity our lives be guided by his will. If we do this humbly limited. We should not, in our process of selection,

and sincerely, we are promised that we ivill walk, as overlook the Holy Ghost, for his companionship can did the apostles of old, with this Spirit of Truth as become the most rewarding we know. It is right that

our constant companion. we do this, for only in this way can we develop

And what a blessing that is. Through the Holy the attributes of Deity necessary that we might some

Ghost we learn, we understand, we are comforted. We day enjoy the presence of Deity.

780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BISHOPS

have great responsibility as leaders of wards

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints the Church there are 2700 of them, and all are bishops is a church of marvels. Some of its institutions, plus. None can devote full time to his Church work.

achievements, and characteristics cause members as If he did, the family (and bishops are family men) well as nonmembers occasionally to pause in awe. would suffer. There is no salary connected with the

And of all the wonders of the Church, few are more office of bishop.

wondrous than the bishop. How do they do it? The answer lies buried deep in

His calling is at the same time one of the most the genius of the Church organization and the Mordemanding and one of the most rewarding in the mon people.

Church. He spends unnumbered hours weekly in The priesthood is the backbone of the Church, and

Church activities of every imaginable description. in the priesthood there are many callings—each with

Indeed, although he has counselors and others to welldefined responsibilities and duties. The office of

assist him, a bishop properly fulfilling his calling bishop is one of these. A bishop holds the Melseems so busy that he can scarcely call his life his chizedek Priesthood but supervises and presides over

own. Anything less than complete dedication is the Aaronic Priesthood in his ward, just as the Preinadequate. siding Bishop presides over the Aaronic Priesthood

But satisfactions are present also, and the joy rein the entire Church. A bishop also presides over

ceived more than compensates for the time and effort the ward as such, and it is in this capacity that most required. A bishop is the temporal and spiritual of us come to know him.

guardian of several hundred souls—the father of the Latterday Saints grow up with the priesthood.

ward. As long as he is in office, virtually everything They respect its authority, and accept the bishop in

that concerns them concerns him. Their joys become his position, knowing instinctively that he is the right

his joys, their disappointments his disappointments, man for the job because he is there. They support

their problems his problems. Indeed, he must often him as such.

solve these problems. Not that our bishops are perfect. None of us is,

Bishops have always been special people. The office not even these. But they are good men, devoted

has always demanded much: and dedicated men, men who have put service to the

"A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of kingdom of God first in their lives. They are men

one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behaviour, given who have been given and have accepted a tremendous to hospitality, apt to teach; assignment, and who need and merit the support of

"Not given to wine, no striker, not greedy of filthy each of us.

lucre; but patient, not a brawler, not covetous; How can we give them this support? First, of

"One that ruleth well his own house, having his course, by doing that which they ask us to do. There

children in subjection with all gravity."(I Tim. 3:2-4.) is too much work in any ward for one individual, or

Notice particularly in this enumeration of desirable three individuals, even if they are all supermen. Next

characteristics by Paul the following: "vigilant,""of time the bishop asks, "Can you help us here?"or

good behaviour,""apt to teach,""patient.""Will we be able to count on you for this?"there

A bishop is many things. Under varying circumshould be but one answer. Surely, most of us are

stances, he might be a judge, a speaker, an organizer, busy. But few of us are as busy as he is.

a confessor, a teacher, a public relations man, a recordWhat else can we do? We can live the gospel, obey

keeper, an adviser, a builder, a nurse, or any one of a the commandments, support the Church. This will

myriad of other things. He is a specialist in the gosbring him real joy. A bishop seeing a member of

pel, in finance, in management, in human relations. his ward live the gospel enjoys the same sensation as

He adapts and readapts himself daily to different a parent witnessing a son or daughter growing up in people in different situations; he must instinctively righteousness.

do and say the right thing. Quite a challenge? It is. What else? Another suggestion.... Next time you

But the overwhelming majority of our bishops bring see your bishop, tell him that you appreciate what he's it off in grand fashion... in their spare time. doing and the honor you have of associating with

For bishops are working men. They are farmers, him. Most of us have such thoughts, but few of us

businessmen, doctors, and teachers. They are ever get around to expressing them. We should; it

merchants, laborers, scientists, and contractors... might frighten him a bit, but he'll appreciate and

craftsmen, architects, ranchers, and lawyers. In remember it.

OCTOBER 1959 781 x"7

MEICHIZEDEK

PRIESTHOOD i*T

Are Your

Servicemen Forgotten Men?

At one of the large military bases in western Amerren stationed at this one base at all times. Among

ica, a seasoned major general stood before his troops them, at all times, were from 200 to 400 returned and addressed them as their post commander. He missionaries. And these brethren were the leaders

had been through the army "mill"; he knew the pitbecause they lived their religion and practised the

falls of military service. He knew what characterprinciples of industry, devotion, and diligence which

istics and abilities it took to make real soldiers, and they had learned in the mission field.

the kind of men who should be chosen to take command of every unit from the squad to the division.

To the thousands who stood ready to obey his commands, he said in substance: "All Latterday Saint "When I was in the army serving in Korea,"rereturned missionaries, two paces forward. Now all ports one of the top officials in one of our stakes, "I

you other men, take a look at these fellows. Learn had almost no interest in the Church. I used to go

who they are; remember them. They are going to out with the fellows and carouse around a lot. One

be your leaders. You follow their examples; and day I planned to go into town with a group of

what you see them do, you may do."fellows from my battery, go to a certain place. * * *

This or an equivalent announcement was made, Just before we left I got in the mail a book written not once, but many times—at various formations, in by President Joseph Fielding Smith which my family

classroom lectures, out on field problems, at military had sent me. I glanced through it, began to read

entertainments. At the height of the Korean War a little, soon got interested, and did not go out with

there were from 1000 to 1500 Latterday Saint breththe other fellows where I certainly would have lost

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

my virtue. As time went on, I read more and more, social programs of nearby wards and branches. Exbecame interested in the Church, and changed my tensive organizations are functioning well in West

habits and interests. I am most grateful for that Germany, the Far East, aboard various ships, and in

contact with the Church, which did as much as anythe various states and nations of the world. Probthing ever did to keep me on the strait and narrow."ably the best and most effective work with our

Nor is this happening an isolated occurrence. There servicemen is performed in these outlying areas.

are many known cases where letters from home or But where we fall down as a people, more than from a priesthood quorum, or where copies of the we should, is in giving the proper support and enChurch News or The Improvement Era or other items couragement from home. Priesthood quorums, for

of church literature, have kept lonely servicemen instance, should write a personal letter each month from doing things they would have regretted all to all of their brethren away in the service. These

their lives. letters, from time to time, should contain some of our

proselyting literature, which may be obtained from stake mission presidents without cost. Quorums

should send, also, from their own funds, a subscripThese two true stories make us wonder if we are tion to the Church News and The Improvement Era to doing all we should to look after the spiritual welleach of their brethren.

being of our young brethren in the armed services. Before a young man enters the service, he should

It is true that this is peacetime. There are not be interviewed by his bishop and given a copy of the

nearly as many of our brethren in uniform as has little pamphlet, "So You Are Going into Military been the case in recent years. But the draft still conService."Interviews should cover:

tinues, and all of our young men still have a military 1. Maintenance of Church standards.

commitment that spans a number of years. 2. Understanding of the gospel.

Upwards of 50,000 of the youth of Zion are still 3. Arrangement for exchange of correspondence.

actively participating in military programs, with 4. Attending Church organizations at nearby

thousands of these brethren still in their teens. Some branches and servicemen's groups.

12,000 to 15,000 of them are on active duty in one 5. Instruction for boys on how to use tracts.

branch of the service or another. Several times this

number are bound by law and regulation to partici- 6. If boy has been endowed, read him the letter

pate regularly in drills and training given by national of the First Presidency, dated October 2, 1950, relaguard and reserve units. tive to wearing of garments in service.

The temptations facing young men, whether they 7. Encourage him to take extension courses from

are away from home in the service or are getting Brigham Young University while he is in the service.

their military training on a parttime basis, is the Bishops also make a report on their servicemen so same as it has always been. that such brethren may receive various items of

literature from the general servicemen's committee, including their copies of the servicemen's sets—

special edition of the Book of Mormon and the little

The Church, of course, has an affirmative and effecbook, Principles of the Gospel. Of course, bishops

tive program to care for the spiritual wellbeing of correspond monthly with their servicemen, and where its brethren in the service. The only problem is the Aaronic Priesthood and unordained brethren are

whether those charged with the responsibility for concerned see that proper Aaronic Priesthood quocarrying this program forward are doing all they rums send subscriptions to The Improvement Era should for these brethren who so easily can become and Church News.

forgotten men. Through the servicemen's program we hope to look

Stake and mission presidents are responsible for after the spiritual wellbeing of all our brethren in the spiritual wellbeing of every Latterday Saint the service and so to guide and direct them that they serviceman stationed in their areas. They are to apwill be true to the Church and keep the commandpoint servicemen's committees to carry forward the ments. Through this course they will be leaders

detail of the work. Servicemen's groups—organizawhile in the service and will prepare themselves for

tions equivalent to branches—are provided for our continued service in God's earthly kingdom when

brethren at the various military bases. These breththeir period of military service is over.

ren are invited to participate in the religious and Are you doing your part in this great work?

OCTOBER 1959 783 The Last Word

And why are we so anxious to conquer outer space when we haven't even solved the parking problem yet?

After a day of complete harassment, the mother Inquired the prospective purchaser: "Can I stick

shook her finger at her small, ornery boy. "All right, this wallpaper on myself?"

Junior,"she shouted. "Do anything you please. Now Replied the salesman: "Well, yes; but it will look

let me see you disobey that."much better on the wall!"

The wind of anger blows out the lamp of intelliThe only way to compel men to speak good of you gence is to do good. Voltaire

An elevator operator had a rather hectic day and her patience was strained.

"What would happen if the cables broke—would

we go up or down?"a lady called out.

"Madam,"the operator sighed, "that would depend entirely on what kind of life you've led."

The toughest form of mountain climbing is getting It is silly to argue that swimming develops form out of a rut. and grace; have you ever watched a duck walking?

This concerns three letters of which we have rehalf a milyon."

cently heard. The first is from a newly recruited The third letter was from the company president.

salesman. It reads: Enclosures were copies of the other two letters. It

"Dear Boss: I seen this outfit which they ain't was addressed to all the sales force and read:

never bought a dime's worth of nothing from us, and "We been spendin two much time hear tryin to

I sole them a couple hundred thousand dollars worth spel insted of trying to sell. Lets watch those sails.

of goods. I am now going to Chiaugo.""I want every body should read these leters from

The second letter from the same salesman, dated Gooch, who is on the road doin a grate job for us, two days later, said: "I came hear and I sole them and you should go out and do like he done."

—Quote

784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

COPR. 1959, VAN CAMP SEA FOOD COMPANY

Len it comes to tuna... itpays to buy the best

sense foods, it makes other to little in comparison so costs White.. Mix Star TunaNUTWICHES other Star! fillet No -White tuna finest prime the -the serve to mayonnaise. Size) with tuna (Family brand Star White that keeps special in the is way pressurebaked tuna pepper green and nuts, celery choppedAdd Size Family the flavor. in new Try delicate tender and moist, so

fresh whole on Spread crunchiness. for at for lunch sandwiches salads—and dishes, generous main for

wheat, rye or white - or slender french home or school. Never take a chance on an unknown brand of

bread slices for a special party treat. tuna. You only get a bargain when you buy the best.

prefer Fancy who light tuna Those chunk Finest Pack.. light solid tuna use our size, too! in regular

WHITIaSTAI 1..WtfifM?

TWHA TUNAWhite Star Tuna Trick or Treat?

The choice is yours

When your youngsters reach the age for advanced education... or when your wife is

suddenly faced with the responsibility of raising your family without your steady income... or when you reach retirement age and want

to take things easy and enjoy life to its fullest... will it be "trick or treat"for you and your

family? It would be a cruel "trick,"indeed,

to have to face any of these situations without the financial resources that only life insurance

J'can provide so well, at a cost that virtually every family can afford.

I.: New Beneficial L ife plans offer greater

if *. w benefits...

Now Beneficial Life Insurance plans offer # unequaled flexibility to suit your needs.

Among them are the Family Benefactor Plan (provides insurance for every member of the family); the Planned Futures Program

(provides funds for all of the various needs you anticipate now or in the future); and the

Commercial Whole Life Plan (gives you insurance in amounts of $10,000 or more at bargain rates). Let your Beneficial agent advise

you about the plan best'suited to your needs and income.

Dept. E1059

3eneficial Life Insurance Co.

3eneficial Building Salt Lake City, Utah Please send information about the following plans—with no obligation, of course.

2] Planned Futures Family Benefactor Plan Commercial Whole Life Other BENEFICIAL LIFE

VF7jif7ffr7ff/T7mt Name

Street or R. F. D Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Citv Zone State