Vol. XIV JULY, 1911 No. 9

Scuic Liu if til Wirld

THROUGH

PULLMAN AND TOURIST SLEEPERS TO

Before the Smoke Clears flway DENVER, < )n your flrestricken shop, faotory, officeor store, you can resume business if inST. LOUIS

sured with us. No long unnecessarydelays in adjusting, no haggling over AND

terms; but prompt payment of losses CHICAGOevery time. It's to our interest to get

you set up in business again—we oan

insure you again.

For Foiders, Booklets etc, adHome Fire Insurance Company of Utah dress I. A. BINTON, Q.A.P.D.,

BE8ER J. GRANT* Co., General Agts. 8alt Lake City, Utah

3026 S. Main St., Sjtlt L*ht City, Ut*h

BOTH PHONES. 351.

Jos. Wm. Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor,Shovr Rooms and Morgue OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT 21, 23, 29 South West Temple Street

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Established 1889. Capital, $200,000

Utah SALT Commercial and Savings The STATE BANK

Utmk Lak* Cit''Sah Established 1S90. Bank. OT7*J "TUTTTA ilflA H

Interest, computed solicits the accounts of Bank Savings Deposits* (J semiannually, oa THIS4fc firms banks, and individuals, and

Commercial Banking in all its branches. extends to such customers everyAccounts of Banks aDj Individuals solicited.

Customers assured the best accommodations reasonable courtesy and facility.

consistent with conservative and safe banking.

Wm. F. Armstrong, Byron Croo, Joseph F. Smith, Prist, Chas.S. Burton, C'shitr Anihon H. Lund.V.Pres. H.T.McEwan.Asst.Cash

President. Cashier.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the JBRA.)

West's Mail Order House SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Made of Positively the Best English Steel

THE CARBO MAGNETIC RAZOR.

WEST'S MAIL, ORDER HOUSE Positively the best razor in the RAZOR. world. No honing—no grinding—no Made in Germany especially for us. pulling—no smarting after shaving

Alar—madehigh classof razorthe finestin everyqualityparticutem- greatalways razorready advertisedfor use. Thisin allis thethepered razor steel. Full hollow ground leading magazines. Order one toand thoroughly tested. Round heads day. Use it every morning for 30

or square points. Equal to any radays; then, if you are not perfectly

zor made except the "CarboMag- satisfied, return it and get your netic."If you are not satisfied, remoney back. You do not risk a penturn it and we will refund your ny to prove that the "CarboMag-

money. Equal to many $3.50 razors netic"razor is without an equal. The

on the market. most popular width is the j inch

blades, No. | and I inch Made with square point or X blade.

round head. 814—steel. Price 98c.quality Our

quality steel. Our Price $1.39. Ivory handles, $1.00 extra. With

for each order quality inch blade, No. a CarboMagnetic XXX 816—|steel, or absolutely Antique we give, with fancy Bamrazor free, an

boo handles. Our Special Price $1.69. elegant pair of 'Gold Plated Cuff

Postage 5c extra each razor. Buttons.

Piece CarvingSet. Small carvers,

suitable for small steaks and roasts.

Made, of the famous "Griffon"English shear steel. Heavy forged bolsters. Highly polished 'and fitted Pocket No. 844 Handle—Pearl oxidized fancy silver plated pearl handle, milled withKnife. Finest handles. of Length knife 10 inches. tip bolsters lining, silverGerman Put up in a neat cloth lined box. large, shield, 4 blades; one twoand

small and one finely finished hail file. Suitable for a present.

Length closed 3 inches. Our Price, Per Set, $1.06.

Our Price $1.00. Postage lie extra.

Postage 3 cents.

blades, made of the finest steel, one file blade. German silver bolsters,brass lined. Finest quality of pearl. No. 400—The Popular Fourhlade

Knife closed 3 inches long. Usual Knife. This is a very desirable knife.

retail price $1.00. Four blades made of the best steel.

Our Price 76c. Stag handle, brass lined, and strong

Postage 3 cents extra. bolsters. Length closed 3J inches.

Our Price 79c. Postage 4c extra.

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED OR MONEY REFUNDED.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

Agricultural College of Utah A NATIONAL AND STATE INSTITUTION

i'1 4

*Jjk? '-J jfeffl"

1 AS jfl FliP ''r ''

I

r

---3*5 i,;-- r '-—, i WLi. *

':'S>:'"i Tunnjif 1:<

''f: l5!

The Campus in Summer Time. A View Along College Avenue with the

Tower of the Main Building in the Background.

The Home of Practical Education a college: dedicated to the great work of dignifying andelevating the industries and agriculture,—of unitinglearning and labor.

The following Courses are offered:

THE SCHOOL OF AGRICULTURE (1) A twoyear course in Agriculture;

(2) Fouryear college courses in Agronomy, Horticulture, Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Irrigation and Drainage, Agricultural Chemistry, and Economic Entomology. In addition a course in Irrigation Engineering is offered jointly by the Agricultural College and

the State School of Mines.

THE SCHOOL OF HOME ECONOMICS (1) A threeyear Manual Training Course in Home Economics;

(2) A fouryear college course in Home Economics.

THE SCHOOL OF COMMERCE (1) A threeyear high cshool course in Commerce;

(2) A fouryear college course in Commerce.

THE SCHOOL OF GENERAL SCIENCE (1) A threeyear college Preparatory Course;

(2) A fouryear college course in General Science.

Upon completion of the College Preparatory Course a student may enter any one of the fouryear courses leading to a degree.

THE SCHOOL OF MECHANIC ARTS (1) A fouryear course in Manual Training in Mechanic Arts.

All college courses lead to the degree of Bachelor of Science; all other

courses, to certificates.

The Agricultural College of Utah Is an Institution of Service. Its Ideal

is to give to the young men and women of Utah a training for industrial efficiency, and a capacity for citizenship in its high sense.

LOGAN, UTAH

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

.

The August number of the ERA will contain three stories: "From Range

to Rostrum,"a story of the ranch and the school, by Leila Marler Hoggan;

"The Gadiantons,"a Book of Mormon narration, by Elizabeth Rachel Cannon;

"Driftwood,"portraying honor among tramps, by Barbara Miller. Among

other articles are: "A Suggestion,"being a scheme for the preservation of

pioneer relics, by Dr. J. Lloyd Woodruff; "Love Thy Neighbor as Thyself,"

by Judge Henry H. Rolapp; "Duty,"by Prof. J. C. Hogenson; and "Your Best

and Highest Self,"by Nephi Jensen; "The Scheme and Significance of the

New Law on City Government by Commission,"by Senator Carl A. Badger.

Then there are poems, editorials, events, Priesthood quorum information, and

M. I. A. Conference minutes.

A. A. Savage, Hyrum, Utah: "The ERA is better than ever before."

"We certainly enjoy the ERA and should feel lost without it."—C. F.

Barnes, Columbia, South Carolina.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1911.

Two Dollars per annum with Manual Free.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F. Smith, > Hbber J. Grant, Business Manager iaitorsEd:tor Edward H. Anderson, j Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

! FrontispieceO the Freedom of the Mountains

The Title of Liberty 759 PolitiThe Spirit of America—A "Mormon"

cal Ideal William A. Hyde 761

Truth Louis W. Larsen 768

"Echo Canyon,"—"A Glimpse of the Valley,"

"Over the Little Mountain,"Sketches Alfred Lambourne 770773

Higher Criticism and the Book of Mormon II Brigham H. Roberts 774

Little'Problems of Married Life, I William George Jordan 787

IllusPen Pictures of the Holy Land—VIII.

trated Hamilton Gardner 794 "God is Just."A Poem Grace Williams 799

The Story of the Restoration Osborne J. P. Widtsoe 800

Western Canada. Dr. Jos. M. Tanner 808

What a Hungarian Gentleman Writes Arpad Passtor 812

Cast Not the Stone. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 815

From Nauvoo to Salt Lake in the Van of the 816 Pioneers.—V Moroni Snow

The Missionary A. Rowley Babcock 822

Over the Plains Jennie Allred 824

Editor's Table—True Love Prest. Joseph F. Smith 827

"Mormonism"Levi Edgar Young 829

One Hundred Years of Mexican Independence Elisabeth Rachel Cannon.. 833

Messages from the Missons 837 Priesthood Quorums'Table 841 Mutual Work—Wasatch Stake Track Meet—

Millard Stake M. I. A. Day—Uintah

Activities Stake Field Day—Alpine Stake

General M. I. A. Field Day—The Daynes

Activity in Trophy—A Commendable

843 Liberty Stake—M. I. A. Statistics,

Passing Events 851 Do you farm for pleasure?

for profit?—or

If you farm for profit, you should adopt modern methods—keep in touch with the progress of

modern farming THE DESERET FARMER Teaches modern farming—the kind of farming

that yield* the greatest returns for the time and money expended. It is really a correspondence

course in farming. Progressive farmer* read it

52 TiriES A YEAR FOR ONE DOLLAR SUBSCRIBE NOW

The Deseret Farmer PROF. L. A. MERRILL, Editor J M. KIRKHAM, Manager

Vermont Bldg., Salt Lake City Lchl, Utah

Y. M. M. I. A.

Reading Course 191112 For the Seniors:

1. Dry Farming

..John A. Widtsoe, $1.50 net Post. $.17

2. Cities of the Sun

Elizabeth K. Cannon,.35

3. John Marvel Assistant

Thomas Nelson Page 1.50

4. Young Man and the World

A. J. Beveridge...$1.50 net, Post..12

Joint Book of Reference:

The Book of Good Manners, Mrs.

Burton Kingsland. $1.50 net, Post..12

For the Juniors:

1. Good Hunting.... Theo. Roosevelt 1.00

2. The Young Forester...Zane Gray 1.25

3. Boy Wanted Nixon Waterman 1.25

4. Alfred the Great Jacob Abbot.50

Reference Book:

History of the Church. Five vols, ready now, t5th vol in preparation liElliiiffi

per vdI 1.50

Also all the Y. L II.I. A. Read ing Course and a Large nnyp <a ran

Stock of Miscellaneous MUSH immbs Books BOYD PARK -KrSA BUILDING

Special Prices in Quantities

Deseret News Book Store The Leading Book Concern 6 Main St. - Salt Lake City, Utah

(When writingto Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

THE TITLE OF LIBERTY.

Amalickiah, who was a man of cunning device, and many flattering words, led away the hearts of many of the people of Nephi, in the days of Helaman, to engage in wars and dissensions, to do wickedly, and to destroy the foundations of liberty which God had granted unto them upon this American continent, in that early day. C. 6653).(B#

When Moroni, who was the chief commander of the armies of the Nephites, heard of these dissensions, he was angry with Amalickiah, and he rent his coat; and he took

a piece thereof, and wrote upon it:

"In memory of our God, our religion, and freedom, and our peace, our wives, and our children."

He fastened this upon the end of a pole, put on his headplate and his shields, and girded his armor about his loins. He then took the pole, which bore his rent

coat, and called it The Title of Liberty, and bowed himself unto the earth, and prayed mightily unto God for the blessings of liberty and that the cause of the Christians and the freedom of the land might be favored. And

when he had poured out his soul to God, he gave all the land to be a land of liberty. And he said, surely God

shall not suffer that we who are despised because we take upon us the name of Christ, shall be trodden down and destroyed, until we bring it upon us by our own transgressions.

And when Moroni had said these words, he went forth among the people waving the rent of his garment in the air, that all might see the writing, and cried with a loud voice saying, Whosoever will maintain this title upon the land, let them come forth in the strength of the Lord, and enter into covenant that they will maintain their rights, and their religion, that the Lord God may bless them.

And the people who were desirous to maintain their liberty came running together, with their armors girded upon their loins, rending their garments, as a token and covenant that they would not foresake the Lord their

God.

And Amalickiah and many of his men who doubted the justice of their own cause, were delivered into the hands of Moroni, who compelled them to covenant to support the cause of liberty, and few there were who denied the covenant of freedom. And Moroni hoisted the Title of

Liberty upon every tower, in all the land, and thus planted the standard of liberty among the Nephites.

And there was peace in the land.—Alma 46. See "The

Spirit of America,"by Wm. A. Hyde.

O THE FREEDOM OF THE MOUNTAINS!

Vol. XIV. JULY, 1911. - No. 9

The Spirit of America.

A "Mormon"Political Ideal.

BY WILLIAM A. HYDE, PRESIDENT OF THE POCATELLO STAKE OF ZION.

On the shores of the Atlantic there stands a statue, the conception of a man, to symbolize the mission of America; but

neither he who made it, nor the people who accepted the gift, nor the admiring thousands who gaze upon it, know how deeply the lofty sentiment that prompted its creation is founded in the will of

God.

With the ordinary observer, the connection of this statue, if any is sought to be established, is with the American people, and not with the continent, but to the minds of those who have beheld and heard the truths in the history of this hemisphere, the spirit that statue represents existed five thousand years before its concrete form at the hands of Bartholdi.

In the days in which God appointed unto the nations of the earth "the bounds of their habitation,"(Acts 17: 26) this land

was dedicated for a mighty purpose, no less a purpose than the nursing ground of liberty, that upon it important plans of God might be accomplished. The great revolution of nature that

762 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

broke the earth as a piece of pottery, and scattered the lands and divided them with water, (Gen. 10: 25) was a part of a great

design; that the western land, void of inhabitants, was left virgin

and unknown was part of the same design. In the absence of

complete records of that day, much is left for us to imagine, but it is as if the Omnipotent had said, when he surveyed a world cleansed from its rank corruption by the washing of his flood, "Here let my children begin once more to multiply; but lest they

turn again to evil and pollute the earth, I will preserve this choice portion for a fortress of righteousness in the day thereof;"and

he established the bounds of waters, and circled them round about to keep this his special heritage.

If there were such a divine provision, it had its early justification, for when the descendants of Noah grew in numbers and increased again in wickedness, and were confounded and scattered at Babel by the wrath of God, as chaff is blown by a blast of wind, he could direct the righteous few who sought him, to gather together their families, with their flocks and seeds, "and go to the valley northward,"saying,

And there will I meet thee, and I will go before thee unto a land that is choice above all the lands of the earth, and there will I bless thee and thy seed.... And there shall be none greater than the nation

I shall raise up unto me of thy seed, upon all the face of the earth.

And thus I will do unto thee, because this long time ye have cried unto me (Ether 1: 42-3).

Now the first direct intimation in history of the sacredness of this hemisphere appears, for as these ancient men set their faces toward this choice land—no doubt with hearts beating high

at the favor of God—they were placed under a charge, to be

enforced by a penalty so awful that, had they not been actuated by pure and righteous desires, they must have turned back in fear.

The sacred record says:

And he had sworn in his wrath unto the brother of Jared, that whoso should possess the land of promise, from that time henceforth and forever, should serve him, the true and only God, or they should be swept off when the fulness of his wrath should come upon them....

Wherefore, he that doth possess it shall serve God, or shall be swept off, for it is the everlasting decree of God.

THE SPIRIT OF AMERICA. 763

Tben, as they must have hesitated in fear, how reassuring and hopeful to them was the promise that now they heard:

Behold, this is a choice land, and whatsoever nation shall possess it shall be free from bondage and captivity, and from all other nations under heaven, if they will but serve the God of this land, who is Jesus

Christ, who hath been manifested by the things that we have written (Ether 2: 1012).

History tells us more than once upon what slippery grounds men stand when they covenant for posterity. Records become

dim in the mind, and are at last displaced by the current sweep of life's events. Personal testimonies that beam in the eye and

vibrate in the voice, in one step become tradition, in the next fables, and the next myths. By that unexplained mystery of birth,

bad men come of righteous fathers, and in the maze of centuries new generations stand around the tombs of saints, remembering merely that they lived; for there is no memory of righteousness

but in righteous lives. So this mighty nation, begotten of God's

promise, lived, flourished and forgot. It mattered little to those

whose minds were steeped in evil that the secret of God's love for this land was now revealed, that it was to be a place for the "New

Jerusalem which should come down out of heaven, and the holy sanctuary of the Lord"(Ether 13). It mattered less that the

covenants of the fathers were repeated to them, for in the ripening of their iniquities they comprehended not, and heard not the rolling thunders of God's wrath, till the storm of his fury burst upon their heads, and his warning was vindicated, and this land, again defiled, was freed from its stain, as the sacred soil drank in the blood of its polluters!

It argues much for the tenderness of the Almighty, that this result should not harden his heart against the race, for the record reveals him again dealing with men for the colonizing once more of these favored continents. In marvelous vision (I Nephi 13; II

Nephi 10) he shows this land, repeats the conditions he imposes as to the faithfulness of those who shall possess it, and traces its history down to the end of time. He shows its discovery by Columbus, under the inspiration of his Spirit; its peopling by a race

of valiant men, the subjects of a foreign king; their delivery from

764 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

thraldom, in line with the covenant of old under the power of the Lord, and reveals for the first time its international importance, repeating again the blfssed promise:

And this land shall be a land of liberty unto the Gentiles, and there shall be no kings upon the land, who shall raise up unto the Gentiles, and

I will fortify this land against all other nations.

The sign and seal of Divine title again is set upon the Western Hemisphere. Again we see men step upon its shores charged

with the mission to keep that title clear. Where else might the

Lord sow his truth as a witness to his Eastern Israel? Burn and

plow the stubble fields of Grecian, false philosophy and mythology, only to have them choked by the weeds of Roman error and superstition? Sweep the plains of China of the errors of Confucianism,

only to find Buddhism take root? No! Rather take the virgin

soil, set apart, where neither thistles nor error can blow, nor roots of pagan philosophy can spread, and there plant again the everlasting truth!

But here, as ever, began again the oldtime struggle for the rights of men, and the rights of men are but their liberties.

Does not all evil originate in the desire to enslave? There is little

difference between chains upon the wrists, or upon the wills or consciences of men. In a thousand years of fast recurring wars

this continent becomes the field of the most sanguinary conflict for liberty that the world has ever seen. Titans there were who

towered high above their fellows, matching the heroes of all time.

Nephi recognized the presiding genius of the land, and, refusing a crown, stood forth one of the greatest leaders of the earth. Warriors there were who could have checked Hannibal or worried

Napoleon; and these prophesied or fought as the day demanded.

Ye men who boast of patriotism, heard ye ever of such a flag as no cloth, a man should tear his cloak and writethis—that having

upon a piece of it:

In Memory of our God, our Religion, and Freedom, and our

Peace, our Wives, and our Children! (Alma 46: 12.)

Does the Stars and Stripes stand for more than that? And,

in the history of all warfare, have men before or since worn a literal shield of faith, as did the two thousand "sons of Helaman?"

THE SPIRIT OF AMERICA. 765

(Alma 57.) And thus again, with varying fortunes, were fought

out the issues of this continent; but what matters it to the cause

of liberty, if now, as before, her robes were sullied by the crimes of a race, and her cause for the time seemed lost? It was not

lost, for its past was treasured in the sacred urn of history, to inspire and renew a future conflict in its defense, and the Spirit of

America still stood guard over a continent where victorious red men wandered, carrying in their faces not even a suggestion of their former greatness. She wept over the ruins of her ancient

temples, but her mind was turned toward the fulfilment of the decree of God, that should see her robed and crowned again among an intelligent people. She stood upon the Atlantic shores,

as her effigy now stands today, and her eyes pierced the distance watching for the coming of the man across the waters!

How steady the onward flow of the centuries! They garner

the lives of men in their enfolding cycles, roll into the infinite space, and one by one drop into the treasury of eternity. A millennium passes over the ruins of a vanished race, obliterating with

kindly hand the signs of a nation's woe, and there is ushered in the last time of the prophecy; the Spirit of God rests upon a man

and he sails forth in obedience to the inexorable call. Had Ferdinand and Isabella and all Spain decreed otherwise, still he must

have come. A thousand others, seeing liberty, followed after,

until the land was sown again with the seed of a nation; and as

the doors of the northern continent lay open, why should thers not rush through them like hordes of adventurers to those that pillaged the southern lands? Was it a happy chance merely that

brought to our shores the staunchest principles in the staunchest minds of all Europe? Rather had God selected these for the working out of his plans!

No messenger as of God tells them their mission, yet a hundred prophets with inspired tongues teach the law of righteousness and freedom. The Spirit of America is in the hearts of men.

They seem to feel that this is freedom's soil, and the genius of the continent broods over them, baptizing them in its fire, and they are born anew. The old order of kings, with its power deeprooted in the bone and muscle of servitude, now stands marshaled

in battle with the new order of freemen. The conflict that fol766 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

lowed could not result otherwise than it did, for God captained the armies of the colonies. If it be true that the departed great

sometimes participate in mortal things, is it asking of the imagination too much if we picture the glorious old soldier, Moroni, who bore the rent cloak, and fighting a hundred battles delivered his people, as sitting at the councils of our Washington? Is it too

much to believe that those who under him endured and suffered long and learned patience, and through that patience gained the victory, should comfort our freezing soldiers in their vigils? Or is

it out of the sphere of legitimate sentiment if we think that the shades of the mighty who championed God's cause in the past should now, with the knowledge of the impending fulfilment of their dreams, stand in the thin ranks of the Continentals and strengthen and encourage them?

By what unseen forces are men from time to time charged with a mission? Could Columbus have said why he became the

servant of an idea? Could Samuel Adams tell what leaven worked

in him? Could Patrick Henry trace the source of his impassioned

speech, or Jefferson know the treasury from which his wisdom sprung? Could Washington in refusing a crown, and in laying his

sword at the feet of Congress, committing his country to the care of God, who had thus far delivered it, know that the compelling power of this grand act was the Spirit of America voiced in prophecy, and possessing him as truly as ever Isaiah was possessed?

So when at last our flag had won its place, Liberty had entered once more into her full dominion, to begin again under more favorable conditions the work of redeeming and preparing this blessed land for its mission, the worship of the "God of this land, who is Jesus Christ, who was manifest by the things that are written."And lest there should occur again the experiences

of the past, with what infinite pains she hedged the sacred heritage of freedom! The bulwark of a constitution, the like of which

was never known before, was reared against the powers of oppression, from whatever source they might come (Doc. and Cov. 101:

77). By the declaration of the Monroe Doctrine she broadened her

mantle until its skirts enfolded her sister states on the south.

That men might not be tempted to kingly ambition by long terms

THE SPIRIT OF AMERICA. 767

of power, she set the lofty precedent of a Washington who could lay down not only his sword but his sceptre; that monarchs

might not make a breech in the walls and breed their kind upon our shores, behold the fate of Maximilian and Dom Pedro! That

slavery in any guise whatever, or of any race or color, might not grow here, she gave the lives of a million men, and the treasures of a world!

These things, great as they are, are but the mere details, the plan of which lay in the mind of God; and all these men who

sweep before us in a grand array are but the actors in the drama of Liberty, whose stage is the mighty continent which, by the grace of God, we now inhabit. Less than one hundred and fifty

States sitsyears old—a child yet among the nations—the United

at the councils of kings and rulers, their very arbiter. As a tribute to her mission, the world looks to the torch she bears as

guiding the way to safety. Ninety million souls swarm in her

cities, and inhabit her broad plains; and these a mixed race, carrying in their veins the blood of every land, are being fused into a

mighty force. The great problem for these to solve is not the

watering of their lands, nor the nursing of their forests, nor the tariffs, nor the trusts. There is one great, overshadowing issue

in is that we shall keep sacred that spirit whose America—it

image stands by the mightv waters. God's decree is not written

in the sand, to be obliterated by the waves of time, but it is an eternal edict that all who possess this land shall serve him, if it is to be a land of liberty to them.

America, thou giant, strong in the strength of mighty youth—fearing no invader—fear thou the enemy within thy gates!

Who is it shall enslave thee but thine own unrighteousness? Who

shall conquer thee but thine own injustice? Who shall destroy

thee but thine own perverseness? Keeper of God's inheritance,

receptacle of Liberty, be true to thy charge, lest thy multitudes be as naught, and thy glory fade as the sun that sinks in darkness!

Of those who have honored me by reading thus far, there will be two classes: one that has felt the conviction of the

truths herein, and one that doubts the authority upon which it mainly rests. To the former let me say, How happy should he be

in whose mind and heart there comes the blending of the wish of.

768 IMPRO VEMEN T ERA

man with the will of God; who is able to estimate his country

thus; who feels the patriotism that rests securely in the foundations of the truth of a day or of an age, but of truth—not

eternity! How happy should he feel to know of this prophecy

and of its fulfilment in his country's history! And with you, my

friends, will I exclaim, "Long may this land be bright with freedom's holy light: protect us by thy might, great God, our

King!"And to you, my brother, who sees merely a pleasant fiction in these words, let me say, Could your country and mine have a stronger wall of defense than a virile belief in the truth of them?

If these predictions are the imaginations of a dreamer, he will dream us ioto a paradise of glory and greatness, if we but follow!

You crown Washington and Lincoln and other mighty ones with the wreath of man's worship; he anoints them with the oil of

prophecy, and makes them agents of the Almighty! You pedestal their statues in halls of fame; he shrines them among the stars,

and makes them captains to the King of Kings! You would

make our country great by its riches and resources; he would make

it mighty by its virtue! You would protect it with fleets, and

fortify it with cannon; he would defend it -with the favor of the

Lord of Hosts! Choose ye of these, that which history in all its

records of nations has approved, and you with us will recognize the genius of the Spirit of America.

Pocatello, Idaho.

Humility.

Humility is a rare virtue. If one is rich he is apt to be proud

of his riches; if he has distinguished ancestry, he is apt to be

proud of his lineage; if he is well educated, he is apt to be proud

of his learning. Someone has suggested that if one becomes humble, he soon becomes proud of his humility. Christ, however,

possessed of all powers, was the very personification of humility. William Jennings Bryan, the Prince of Peace.

ECHO CANYON, The Gateway of Utah.

Who of all those that in the Pioneer Days traversed Echo Canyon in an oxteam will forget the place? Who will forget the shouting,

the cracking of whips, the wild halloes, or the pistol shots that resounded along the line?

Who will forget the echoes, all confused by the multitude of sounds, and passing through each other, flying from cliff to cliff and up in the shaggy ravines, and seeming at last to come back from the sky? Slowly moved the

train under the conglomerate cliffs; slowly, for

half the cattle were footsore, and all wayweary. Wild indeed was the deep defile, the

canyon, illumined by the September moon.

From "The Old Journey,"by Alfred Lambourne.

OVER THE LITTLE MOUNTAIN.

The Old Trail.

The mountain is steep, the road is edged with chokecherry trees and clumps of ancient shrub oak. The road

is now unused; what once had been ruts, made by the

wheels of wagons, are changed by rain and flood into deepcut gullies. It is a place where in the spring months

the air is fragrant with the exhalations from millions of snowwhite blossoms, and in summer, where on the branches of the chokecherry trees, clusters of crimson, wild fruit hang.

This place is now historic. Below the Little Mountain lies Emigration Canyon. Down that piece of road

passed the Pioneers of 1847.

At the road's steepest part, near "The Summit,"and where it is crossed by ledges of stone, littered with boulders and shale, that once tore the iron from the cattle's feet, I found an oxshoe. The relic

had lain there long; perhaps since

the passing of that first company of

Pioneers! It was much worn, it

had seen good service. Perhaps it

had pressed the wearisome miles of road from the Missouri river to the spot where it had lain so long.

Blue arched the sky over the Little Mountain, there was stillness around. I tried

to dream the historic day. I

tried to realize how the Pioneers repeated a silent prayer of thankfulness in their hearts, if they uttered not a hymn of praise aloud. This

I tried to do. I tried to see

in my mind's eye the travelworn men and women. I

tried to realize how they rejoiced after the hardships passed, and looked forward, if with care yet with hope, - tm to the future.

ALFRED LAMBOURNE.

"A GLIMPSE OF THE VALLEY."

The last outline in my battered sketchbook.

The descendants of the Pioneers can hardly imagine the days when the long train of dustcovered wagons, or the Pony Express, or the lumbering stagecoach formed the quickest transport between the intermountain region and "The States."It would be hard for them

to imagine the feelings of the emigrant when, after the long, arduous "Journey,"he looked upon the scene! As we are now whirled along

over the Laramie Plains, or through the Weber

Canyon, or through the Castle Gate, or across the Sierra Nevada, riding in luxuriouslycush- ioned seats, it would be well to do justice to the intrepid Pioneer. Danger and fatigue were

all forgotten. The stubborn interminable miles

were conquered, "The Journey"was at an end.—From "The Old Journey,"by Alfred

Lambourne.

Truth.

BY LOUIS W. LARSEN.

There is nothing so persistent as truth. Though crushed, as

it often is, 'neath a mountain of falsehood and error, it will work its way relentlessly upward, till it mounts the very summit, freed from the shackles that would keep it hidden in the darkness.

Truth always wages her warfare openly; error is intriguing

and deceitful. Truth conquers by sheer strength, and her victories

are eternal: error scores but temporary victories, for she can

hold her ground only till she has exhausted her stock of wicked dissimulation. The one brandishes her glittering sword in the

blaze of the noonday sun; the other works her dark designs

stealthily, under cover of night.

"Truth is the summit of being."It is the normal status of

things; while error is a perversion, a disturbance, that must and

will finally be adjusted. It is said that a planet moves smoothly

in its course, but violently to its course. The same is true of a

fact, when distorted it works havoc. Ruin and dissolution always

follow in the wake of the conquests of evil; but righteousness

must ultimately bear sway, when all things will be restored to their normal equanimity. There are unseen forces that work ever

silently and persistently for the restitution of right and the overthrow of wrong. Triumph and supremacy are vital, inherent qualities of truth. So it must achieve victory in the end. To think of

its being utterly annihilated or permanently defeated would be paradoxical. Our prophet said, "Every principle prcceeding from God

is eternal, and any principle which is not eternal is of the devil."

This assurance should be cheering to all who labor for the cause of right. We should be hopeful even in the darkest stage

of the battle, when the odds are all against us, aye, when we suffer the humiliation of appareat defeat, for we know that the end is not yet; that in the last great struggle our cause will be

gloriously vindicated, and that our heads will wear the laurels that endure forever. "The lying of others cannot hurt us long, it

always carries with it our exoneration in the end."

Burlington, Vermont.

Higher Criticism and the Book of

Mormon."

BY ELDER BRIGHAM H. ROBERTS.

II.

The prime reason why we are asked to believe that this second part of the Book of Isaiah could not have been written by the one who wrote the first part is that if we suppose the first

Isaiah to have written the latter part of the book, then we must believe in the possibility of a man being wrenched from the envi.

ronment in which he stands, so to speak, and be projected forward in time, and become so immersed in a different environment as to speak by the spirit of prophecy in a new style and spirit, and from the midst of future events, as if they were present.

Higher critics, as a rule, insist that the miraculous does not happen, that wherever the miraculous appears, there you must halt, and dismiss the miraculous parts of narratives, since they suggest fraud on the one hand and credulity upon the other—therefore we

are asked to reject the second part of Isaiah as being the work of the prophet who wrote the first part of the book of that name, since accepting it would involve us in the belief of the possibility of Isaiah being so immersed in the events of future time as to speak from the midst of them as if they were present.

Let us consider this principle of the higher criticism just a moment. Is it possible for the mind of man to have revealed to it the future? Is it possible to penetrate in advance

* A discourse delivered in the tabernacle, Logan, Utah, Sunday evening, April 2, 1911.

HIGHER CRITICISM AND THE BOOK OF MORMON. 775

one day's happenings, the happenings of three months into the future, three years, or three centuries into the fu fure? If you can

demonstrate the fact that the mind can foresee the events of tomorrow, you win your case; because the veil is as impenetrable

that hides tomorrow from the mind of man in its normal state, as is the veil that separates him from the future of three hundred years. Let me illustrate what 1 have in mind by relating a circumstance which happened within my own knowledge, and I

speak of this incident with the greater freedom here because I know that in the experience of scores of men who are before me it could in large part be duplicated.

I knew two young elders who were missionaries in the Southern states more than a quarter of a century ago. They were young

and inexperienced, yet full of zeal for the faith. They had left all

their interests in the west, in order to teach their faith, in their weak way, to the people of the south land. They happened to be

in a section of country where they had many friends, but these were slow to accept their message, so far as being baptized was concerned. The interest of the community in the message these

young men bore was quite general, but very few, in fact, up to the point I am speaking of, none had joined the Church by baptism.

These young men were very disappointed that they were not baptizing people and organizing branches of the Church, as the elders did in early days. The result was that they grew restive, and

made up their minds that they would seek other pastures, hoping for a more fruitful ingathering of souls. They quietly bade good

bye to their warmest friends, and prepared to take their departure. But during the night preceding the day of their departure,

one of them had the dream I shall here relate. At the time, the

brethren were guests of one of the wealthiest families in this particular part of the state, a family that had received them with great kindness, a family made up of a husband, a wife and a beautiful daughter, married to a young student of medicine of the neighborhood, soon to graduate as a physician. The lady herself was very much interested in the gospel, the husband very

much afraid of it, and full of anxiety concerning it. The young

elder in question dreamed that he was at the gate of the plantation where this family lived. His companion passed by the

776 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

entrance to the plantation with a strange partner, and went on, apparently through the wood lot lying beyond the plantation, while the young man who had the dream, together with a new companion, (and, by the way, I happen to remember he was an honored resident aforetime of your beautiful city) passed into the plantation. Presently, in the strange changes that come over dreamers, the elder was walking about the foreyard of the plantation

when he saw standing in a doorway the married daughter of the household, and as he was passing by the doorway, he observed that she was crying; and as the young elder approached, she

extended her hand, and smiling through her tears said,"0, I am so glad you have returned! I was afraid you would never come

back, and I want you to baptize me."

The young elder woke up his companion to tell him his dream, and as he finished it, he said, "We are not going to leave this neighborhood. We will stay and see what comes of it."

A few weeks later these young men received a letter from

President John Morgan, then president of the mission, appointing a place for conference on the Tennessee river, and asking them to meet him. They traveled several hundred miles to meet with

him at the designated place. At the conference the elders reported

their field of labor; and Elder Morgan, in that larger wisdom of his,

said that instead of leaving such a field as had been described in their report the need was more help. And so he gave them two more

companions, and the four of them returned to their field of labor.

As they came into the neighborhood where they had hosts of friends, and to the gate of the plantation I have been telling you about, two of them passed on to visit other friends, and the other two, the dreamer and his new companion, entered the plantation.

Being midday, dinner was soon prepared and partaken of. After

the conclusion of the meal, the dreamer wandered about the plantation, that had become somewhat like home to him. Passing

a cottage near the principal dwelling (this was some three months after his dreim) he saw, standing in the doorway, the young matron of the household, and as he approached, he discovered she was crying. She smiled through her tears, and extending her

hand, in broken voice said, "0, 1 am so glad you have returned; I

HIGHER CRITICISM AND THE BOOK OF MORMON. Ill

was afraid that you would never come back; and! want you to

baptize me."

With a shock the young elder remembered his dream. The

whole incident he had wicnessed and lived through three months before. The passing of the gate of the plantation by his companion with another associate; the doorway with the young matron

standing in it crying; the meeting, the smile through the tears,

the very words spoken. But why the tears? There had been some

disagreement between the young matron and her husband upon the subject of her baptism. Soon afterward, however, he withdrew his objections, and several months later the lady, with about

eight or nine other persons, was baptized by our young elder. The

husband himself also finally joined the Church.

I have related this rather long story for the express purpose of showing that the future can be exactly revealed to the mind of if the events of tomorman. And remember what I said—that

row, or three months hence, can be revealed to him, so can events three centuries hence, and it is true that "prophecy is but history reversed."If that is the case, then I want to say to you that all

the difficulties over this question of the first Isaiah being the author of the last half of the book that bears his name disappear the first Isaiah can do all that is attributed to this second Isaiah.

Here is a question that I want to submit to you about Isaiah:

If the first Isaiah, as we will call him, is not the author of the second Isaiah, who is? The second part of Isaiah is confessedly

the more important part of the book; it is the Messianic part of

the prophecy, and for that reason is the most important part of the book. If you could find the author of the first part of it, why

could there not be found the author of the second part of it?

Then again, there is no heading or title to the second part at all it follows right along in sequence, so far as any physical or arbitrary division is indicated. But it is claimed by the higher critics

that there is a sharp transition as to matter and style between the 39th chapter and the 40th chapter. I modestly beg leave to differ

from that conclusion. If you allow something to the power of prophecy, to the possibility of the future being revealed to man, let that be

established in your mind, I say, and there is no break between the 39th and the 40th chapters, that is, no considerable bieak. Listen

778 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

to what is the conclusion of the 39th chapter. Hezekiah has just

been made to hear the word of the Lord to this effect: "Behold the

days come that all that is in thine house, and that which thy fathers have laid up in store up until this day, shall be carried to

Babylon."Here is the spirit of prophecy, even in the 39th chapter of this book, because it is foretelling things that shall happen

to this man Hezekiah—all that he has shall be carried into Babylon."Nothing shall be left, saith the Lord—and thy sons that

shall issue from thee, which thou shalt beget, shall they take away, and they shall be servants in the palace of the king of

Babylon."In the opening of the second Isaiah (socalled) you

find that the matter is closely related. Remember that the

prophet has just told of the future captivity of Israel, their bondage in Babylon, and the 40th chapter opens thus: "Comfort ye,

comfort ye my people, saith your God. Speak ye comfortably to

Jerusalem, and cry unto her that her warfare is accomplished, that her iniquity is pardoned, for she hath received of the Lord's hand double for all her sins."And then he proceeds to proclaim

the ultimate deliverance of Israel from this state of bondage to which the 39th chapter of the so called first Isaiah alluded. Thus

the opening of the "second Isaiah"is in good sequence to the

first.

Now another point in the case is this. Our higher critics

must deal with some very important facts of history, accredited history, before they can make good their claim of the doubtful authorship of this latter part of Isaiah. To begin with, here is

Josephus. According to Josephus, the Jews exhibited the prophecies of Isaiah, chapter 44: 28 and chapter 45: 1-13, to Cyrus,

king of Persia, to induce him to return the Jews to Jerusalem, and order the rebuilding of the l.emple, upon which Cyrus issued

the following decree:

Thus saith Cyrus, the king: Since God Almighty has appointed me

to be the king of the habitable earth, I believe that he is that God which the nation of the Israelites worship, for indeed he foretold my name by the prophets, and that I shall build him a house at Jerusilem, in the country of Judea. This was known to Cyrus by his reading the book

which Isaiah left behind him of his prophecies, for this prophet said that

God had spoken to him in a secret vision: "Mj will is that Cyrus, whom

HIGHER CRITICISM AND THE BOOK OF MORMON. 779

I have appointed to be king over many and great nations, send back my people to their own land and build him a temple.''This was foretold by

Isaiah one hundred and forty years before the temple was demolished.

Accordingly, after Cyrus read this, and admired the divine power, an earnest desire and ambition seized upon him to fulfil what was written (Antq. of the Jews, Book XI, chapter 1).

Such is the testimony of Josephus in relation to the effect of this prophecy upon the mind of Cyrus, and the fact that the prophecy had been uttered, and the name spoken as the future deliverer of Israel from their bondage, to rebuild the house of the

Lord, is what influenced him to issue his decree to that end.

There is one other item of history that higher critics will have to deal with, and that is in relation to the Christ himself reading the prediction from the prophecy of Isaiah—the "second

Isaiah,"from the 61st chapter, and applying it to himself. The

incident is told by Luke as follows:

And he came to Nazareth where he had been brought up: and, as his

custom was, he went into the synagogue on the Sabbath day, and stood up for to read. And there was delivered unto him the book of the Prophet

Esaias [Isaiah]. And when he had opened the book he found the place

where it was written, The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to

heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord. And he closed the book, and he

gave it again to the minister, and sat down. And the eyes of all them

that were in the synagogue were fastened on him. And he began to say

unto them, This day is this scripture fulfiled in your ears. And all bare

him witness, and wondered at the gracious words which proceeded out of his mouth * * * (Luke 4: 1623).

Here is the prophet—the second Prophet Isaiah—honored by a

quotation by the Master himself, and applying the pr diction to himself, the Messiah. Now, the point of argument from the passage is

this, if we are to reject the second prophet Isaiah from the 40th chapter to the close, b( cause it is ''unthinkable that it was writt en by the first Isaiah, because it would be necessary to immerse him in the spirit of prophecy, out of the environment of his life and his labors,"are we not under the same obligation to reject it as the 780 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

utterance of a second Isaiah, who must needs be conceived of as being immersed by the spirit of prophecy into the future, making the prediction concerning the Christ, who, as he read from the second part of Isaiah, declared to the people, "This day is this saying fulfiled in your ears."It would be no more difficult for

the first Isaiah to utter this prediction than for the second to give voice to it. In either case it involves the fact of the miracle of

prophecy.

One other thing. In all this criticism you must take into

account the magnificence of the man God was using to be the prophet preeminent of the coming of the Messiah—the Messianic

prophet par excellence. And one of the books that is an authority

on higher criticism, the work of Dr. Driver, Introduction to the

Old Testament Literature, in describing Isaiah pictures him as follows:

Is.tiah's poetical genius is superb. His characteristics are grandeur

and beauty of conception, wealth of imagination, vividness of illustration, compressed energy and splendor of diction Examples of picturesque and impressive imagery are indeed so abundant that selection is difficult. These may be instanced, however: the banner raised

aloft upon the mountains; the restless roar of the sea; the waters rising

with irrestible might; the forest consumed rapidly in the circling flames,

or stripped of its foliage by an unseen hand; the raised way; the rushing of many waters; the storm driving or beating down all before it; the

monster funeral pyre; Jehovah's hand "stretched out''or "swung"over

the earth, and bearing consternation with it. Especially grand are the

figures under which he conceives Jehovah as "rising up,''being "exalted,"or otherwise asserting his majesty against those who would treat it with disregard or disdain.... The brilliancy and power of

Isaiah's genius appear further in the sudden contrasts and pointed antitheses and retorts, in which he delights......No prophet has Isaiah's power either of conception or of expression; none

has the same command of noble thoughts, or can present them in the same noble and attractive language.

Such is a description of Isaiah by a higher critic. Now take

that man, at the close of his 39th chapter, give him, under the inspiration of God, the vision of Israel in captivity, of Israel's deliverance through Cyrus, the Persian king; give him the vision,

as Ged did, of the "Man of Sorrows,"the "one acquainted with

HIGHER CRITICISM AND THE BOOK OF MORMON. 781

griefs,"who "bore our sorrows,"upon whom was laid "the burden of us all,""by whose stripes we are healed,"and "from givewhom men turned away their faces"(Isaiah, chapter 53)—

him the vision of a world's redemption by such a character as this, and bid him describe it—will there be anything impossible in

the "second Isaiah"for the author of the first thirtynine chapters to utter, under the inspiration of God?

And now comes the strength and power of the testimony of the Book of Mormon in relation to this subject. Higher critics say

that this second part of Isaiah was not written by Isaiah. But the new

volume of scripture, the Book of Mormon, written by prophets upon this American continent, bears witness to the fact that the colony of Lehi leaving Jerusalem six hundred years before Christ, and at least fifty years before the date of the composition of the second part of Isaiah, insisted upon by the higher critics, carried withthem the prophecies of Isaiah, the second part as well as the first, and transcribed it into their records, where Joseph Smith found it. Of course this statement may not appeal to higher

critics, but how strong it must be to us, who accept the testimony of the Book of Mormon, as establishing the integrity of the Book of Isaiah's prophecies!

In conversation with one of our young men who recently returned from an eastern college, where he had come in contact with higher criticism, he remarked to me, "Yes, higher criticism shoots to pieces the Book of Mormon.""Pardon me, my

brother,"I answered, "you have misstated the matter; you mean

that the Book of Mormon shoots holes into higher criticism!"

And that is true. The Book of Mormcn establishes the integrity and unity of authorship for the whole book of Isaiah. It is

claimed in the little brochure by Mr. Jones that we are discussing, that a similiar point to the one we have been considering

''Malachi, ''spoken of in Third Nephi,arises concerning the word 23rd chapter and fourth verse, "where Christ is represented as quoting 'Malachi'quite definitely as the words of an individual by that name.""The best of authorities,"says the brochure here

examined, "now agree that Malachi is not a proper name at all, but should be translated, 'my messenger,'"The brochure writer.says it is the English version of the scriptures that has crystal782 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

ized the word into a proper name. All I shall say upon that particular subject is just this, that if the Christ, among the Nephites,

referred to Malachi quite definitely as a person of that name, the author of the gospel according to St. Mark also quite definitely

refers to him as one of the "prophets"who had deliyered a certain message concerning the messenger who should go before the

Christ. I will read to you the passage from Mark: "As it is

written in the prophets, Behold I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee."So much

from Malachi, one of the prophets: "The voice of one crying in

the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight:"so much from Isaiah, the other prophet. The Christ

himself quotes also from Malachi, in the New Testament; and

while one may not say that the reference to him is definite as a person of that name, yet he quotes a passage from Malachi as from one of the prophets. Referring to John the Baptist, the

Christ says: "This is he of whom it is written,"—now quotingfrom Malachi—"Behold, I send my messenger before thy face,

which shall prepare the way before thee"(Luke 7: 27). Dr.

Driver is of the opinion that the book of Malachi came to the hands of the compilers with no title to it, and since they found in it this expression, "I will send my messenger and he shall prepare the way before me,"they took the term, "my messenger,"for the title. He says: "From the similarity of the title in form

to Zechariah 9: 1, it is probable that it was framed [i. e., the

title, "Malachi"] by the compiler of the volume of the twelve prophets; and this taken in conjunction with the somewhat prominent recurrence of the same word in Malachi 3: 1, has led some

modern scholars to the conjecture that the prophecy, when it came to the compiler's hands, had no author's name prefixed, and that he derived the name from chapter 3: 1, 'my messenger'being there

understood by him either as an actual designation of the author, or a term descriptive of his office, and so capable of being applied to him symbolically."This discussion of the subject by an authority on higher criticism itself is scarcely in agreement with the

notion that it was the "English version of the scriptures that has crystalized the word [Malachi] into a proper name (Brochure page 9). Dummelow's commentary on the word Malachi says that

HIGHER CRITICISM AND THE BOOK OF MORMON. 783

the oldest Jewish tradition identifies the author of the book of

Malachi with Ezra, the scribe, "understanding the word 'Malachi'as an honorable title conferred by Jehovah upon his prophet."

True, this author, who accepts quite generally the results of higher criticism, says this "oldest Jewish tradition"is "without adequate reason;"but if the phrase, "my messenger,"could be,

according to the aforesaid oldest tradition, understood as an honorable title conferred by Jehovah upon Ezra, could it not be applied as such to whatever prophet wrote the book, and thus cause him naturally to be referred to "very definitely"as an individual by that name?

But do not such "tests"as these constitute rather small groundwork upon which to build a structure of objection to such a work as the Book of Mormon purports to be?

There are other matters in this brochure that ought to be considered, but they introduce questions that may not be treated on this occasion for lack of time.

I promised in the outset, however, to say something in relation to higher criticism as affecting the New Testament, as well as to its bearing upon the Book of Mormon. I now proceed to fulfil

that promise.

I hold in my hand the Hibbert Journal for January, 1911, and on the questions with which it deals, Religion, Theology and Philosophy, it is recognized as one of the foremost journals of the world. It is a journal the contributors to which quite generally

accept the results of higher criticism; and reading a few passages

from it will show the effect of higher criticism upon the New

Testament. The article I quote is by the Rev. K. C. Anderson, D.

D., and in his opening statement he says:

The time has come when it seems necessary deliberately to raise the question whether the story which we have in the four gospels of the birth, life, death, resurrection and ascension of their central figure was designed by their authors to be taken as literal history. The higher

criticism, indeed, is forcing this question to the front, and the time does not seem far distant when all sec ions of the church will have to face it.

The higher criticism may be described as a virtual, though not intentional, attack on the historicity of the Bible. It did not, indeed, begin

in that way. That was not its avowed purpose, it called itself "historical

.

784 1MPR0 VEMENT ERA

criticism, 'and aimed at judging the various parts of scripture in the light of actual circumstances in which they were produced. But the

result has been to show in almost if not every part of scripture that what we have is not history proper—that the author's purpose was not

to write history, but to edify, to teach some religious truth which he regarded as allimportant.... As a result of the work of the

higher criticism, the four gospels are a complete wreck as historical records.... It [the Gospel of St. John] cannot be depended upon

in any way, particularly as authority for the history of Jesus....

The same is substantially true of the synoptics [that is, the three gospels of Mark, Matthew and Luke]. As authorities for the life of Jesus

they are hopelessly shattered by the assaults of the higher criticism.

How little they tell us of an historic Jesus! And that little full of contradictions and discrepancies, of impossible incidents and errors....

The higher criticism has forced the Christian world to interpret spiritually, and not literally, much that these gospels tell us of Jesus.

And then referring to the effect of higher criticism upon some of the earlier historical facts in the gospel, he goes on to say:

So long as the higher criticism confined itself to these incidents, little concern was felt, but now it is beginning to lay its hands on matters which are regarded as essential, such as the trial and death and resurrection and ascension of Jesus, and to point out the impossibility of reconciling these with history. It seems as if it will not stop until it

has pronounced all the leading fea'ures of the gospel story incredible;

and when this is done, where will be the evidence for the historicity of

Jesus? It would seem as if the result of the higher criticism is to be

something the higher critics themselves did not contemplate—that there

is only one way in which Christianity can survive, and that is by the surrender of its claim of being a historical religion, and the placing of it on a purely spiritual foundation........

He argues as follows for this new position:

Why not listen to the mystic who tells us that it is nothing less than idolatry to fix our thought and worship on a historical Jesus, who is supposed 10 have lived in Palestine two thousand years ago, that a fleshand-blood Jesus is a contradiction in terms, and that what the gospel writers intended to give the world was not history or biography, but spiritual allegory or drama. (!) If this theory fits the fact as the

historical theory does not, this will be the proof of its truth.

There is much more to the same effect; and this writer

HIGHER CRITICISM AND THE BOOK OF MORMON. 785

admonishes his readers to free themselves from the thought of salvation through a historical Jesus, and to accept the term "Christ"as the symbol for the individual soul, and apply the written experiences of Jesus to the experiences of the birth and struggle of the individual soul; in other words, accept myth instead of fact

as the gospel of Jesus Christ.

I shall close with a comment upon one more passage of this little brochure. Speaking of that matter of the "Isaiahs,"and

the authorship of the second part of the book, your fellow townsman, who has written this brief criticism aimed at the Book of

Mormon, says:

There was a time when the Isaian authorship of these chapters was warmly contested for, but it is hard now to find a modern commentary by any scholar of repute that seriously tries to defend that position.

The advocates of the Book of Mormon will probably be the last to attempt it, for to admit the late date of the last half of Isaiah is, to quote Mr. Roberts'words, to throw "the whole Book of Mormon under

suspicion of being fraudulent."

What I wanted out of this passage is the thought that the advocates of the Book of Mormon will probably be the last to attempt to uphold the integrity of the whole book of Isaiah as it now stands in the Bible, the product of the prophet of that name, the

Messianic prophet par excellence. That is probably a true prediction. We may, indeed, be the last, but we shall continue

the contest. The Book of Mormon will stand for the integrity of the book of Isaiah; and not only for that, but for all the

great historical facts concerning Messiah, and concerning the gospel of salvation through faith in and acceptance of the atonement of the Christ and obedience to His laws, since those facts were revealed to the ancient prophets upon these American continents.

They knew of Messiah's coming, of his birth and life; for they had

prophets among them much of the spirit of Isaiah, who predicted that fact, and very much pertaining to his earthly life; and finally t

our Book of Mormon declares the physical and glorious appearance of the risen Messiah among the inhabitants of this western world.

It contains the account of the establishment of the Church of

Christ among them. It lays down the fundamental principles of

the doctrine of the atonement of Christ, as no other book con786 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tains it. It teaches the means of salvation better than any other

work of even divine authority teaches it. The Christ lived among

the men of the western world for a short period only, but in that time presented the same splendid truths he taught in Judea; only

it was the risen Messiah who appeared upon this continent, as he appeared after his resurrection to the disciples in Judea, when he said to them, in all the glory and splendor of a resurrected, immortal personage: "All power is given unto me, in heaven and

in earth; go ye, therefore, and teach all nations."Shortly after

that, but even in a more splendid manner, he revealed himself to the Nephites in the land of Zion; he came forth out of the blue

expanse of heaven, heralded by the voice of God saying: "Behold

my beloved Sn, in whom I am well pleased, in whom I have glorified my name: hear ye him."Multitudes worshiped at his feet;

saw and felt the wounds in his hands and in his side; and knew

that the prophecies of the old prophets among their fathers were now fulfiled in this manifestation and personal presence of the

Christ with them. He felt with them the fulness of the gospel of

salvation through the atonement of Christ. And that testimony

of the gospel, its historicity and reality, contained in the Book of

Mormon, shall stand against the results of higher criticism. In

that book we have a New Witness for God and Christ, a Witness whose voice cannot be silenced. It speaks not only for the Jewish scriptures, but it speaks for the integrity of the whole gospel

program. It stands for the reality and truth of the atonement

and the gospel of Jesus Christ as the power of God unto salvation.

It will resist all such conclusions of higher criticism as those set forth by this author in the Hibbert Journal, that I have been reading to you. The truth of God it will establish, and 0, how the

world needs it! Speaking of his future glorious coming, the Christ

said: "When the Son of Man cometh, shall he find faith in the

earth?"If the results of higher criticism shall be accepted by

the Christian peoples of the world, he will not find real, valid faith in the world; neither will he find faith in the gospel of Christ, for

which he stands; nor in the scriptures, as the word of God. If

our testimony prevails, the answer is to be given in the affirmative: Yea, Lord, thou shalt find faith in the earth.

(the end.) Little Problems of Married Life.*

BY WILLIAM GEOftGE JORDAN.

Springtime of Married Life. I.—The

The air is balmy and glowing and inspiring in the springtime of married life. There is the joy of a new beginning when two

face a new world together, like Adam and Eve in that Eden of old.

Life seems pulsing with infinite possibilities, and new habits, determining a harvest of good or ill for both, put forth their first tender buds of promise and prophecy.

Dual living means the harmonizing of two lives in unity. It

requires conscious, consecrated effort towards attainment. In

this period of becoming used to each other, of learning, experiment, compromise, and adjustment, mistakes are inevitable. This

springtime should be taken seriously—but not too seriously.

Little inharmomes are dangerous not in themselves but in the bitter memories and misunderstandings they may leave in their

trails.

Those married people who tell you, ten or fifteen years after the wedding, that there never has been one cross word spoken between them, never a moment of even irritation, never a single shadowing cloud of disagreement, belong to one of three classes:

They have been mercifully endowed with a talent for forgetting, they handle truth with a certain shyness, or one of them is the overawed victim of the other's personality.

Have you ever heard an old seacaptain boast that in all his experience he had never seen a squally sea, never a dull, heavy, stormladen sky, never heard the tempest shriek through the

Copyright, 1910, by Fleming H. Revell Company.

788 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

rigging, and threaten to tear away the masts? His pride is in his

skill, not in his luck. The matrimonial sea never remains absolutely serene and calm, with no ruffling waves, for years at a time.

The vital point is that the storms have all been weathered in safety and the love and trust, purified by time, remain"undaunted.

In the days of courtship two may feel that they thoroughly understand each other, and that no matter how many marriages may fail their happiness together is absolutely assured. Yet

courtship is only the kindergarten class of matrimony. Courtship

is the preliminary canter, not the real race. It is the matrimonial shopping; marriage is the acceptance of the unreturnable

delivered goods. Courtship is the joyous, sunshine launching of

the craft of hope; marriage is the long cruise across uncharted

seas. The two now pass under the test of new conditions; they

face new problems and enter a life of finer attunement,of constant call on patience, tolerance, forbearance, concession, kindness, sympathy and wise understanding.

Happiness in married life means the happiness of two, made by two; neither can do all. No individual can sing a duet. They

should be glad to bear anything and everything that fate may bring them for each other, but not from each other. With union

towards opposing conditions and unity between themselves they can command happiness. Their attitude is of supreme importance; everything else is secondary. It is not what comes to

them but the spirit in which they meet it that really counts.

In love, loyalty, comradeship and mutual dependence, even trial, sorrow, sickness and poverty may bring them only nearer and dearer, soulserene and heartglad that they still have each other. This condition never comes through drifting, by letting

things take their course, by just hoping that somehow it will turn out all right. Merely wishing it and wanting it will neither create

nor keep this harmony; they must will to make it, determine, by

living individually at their best, to unite in the finest unity. The

responsibility rests on both; the failure may be due to either.

There will come a time in this springtide when they awaken to the consciousness of unpleasant traits in each other. The

wife may find that what she deemed his fine firmness of character is simply unadultered obstinacy. His reverence for money in small

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE. 789

denominations is not the prudence and wise economy she once believed, but a chronic tenderheartedness that makes it hard for him to say goodbye to a dollar. In the old days she was the gentle referee of all his thinking; now he seems as autocratic and

domineering as a slavedriver in the Congo.

He, too, may suddenly find himself conscious of unnoted imperfections in her, and they loom large before him. There is,

at times, a sharpness and shrillness in the upper register of her speaking voice that almost suggests irritability. She would never

win a gold medal as a housekeeper, and one has to be fiercely hungry to enjoy her cooking. Her conversational charm seems to

have become rather commonplace when subjected to the test of a continuous performance. Her hair is not always rigorously

brushed into orthodoxy, and she does not seem to worry much about the immaculateness of her attire around the house.

The items in the catalogue of progressive revelation vary;

their importance depends largely on the spirit of the interpretation. They are a bit disillusioning, it is true, but they are not

fatal. If wisely taken in their early stages they may be cured;

if incurable they may be silently accepted with joy that they are not worse. Fine tact may accomplish much in rendering them

unobtrusive, as people living along the line of a railroad learn not to hear the noise of the trains. We are all human and have

faults, failings and foibles. We have no right to expect perfection unless we can give it in return. Perfect people, too, would

be awfully tiresome to live with; their stainedglass view of things

would seem a constant sermon without intermission, a continuous moral snub of superiority to our selfrespect.

Let us not consign the Venus de Milo to the rubbish heap bacause she has no arms; she is greater without them than any

other marble lady, fully armed, in all the world's history. Let

us accept the little failings of those we love as we do a mortgage on a valuable property; if we cannot remove it or decrease it, pay

the interest and then forget it. Concentrating on the positives,

the virtues of each other, in married life, may reveal some trait fine sense of honor, a sterling honesty, a courage that recog-—a

nizes no Waterloo, a sweetness of sympathy and tenderness that never fails, or some other characteristic—a trait so priceless that

790 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

it sweeps away criticism on petty failings as a rushing mountain stream carries to the sea the dead wood that threatens its serenity.

When the young wife asks her husband to point out all her little faults so that she can correct them, any little thing that does not come quite up to his ideal, for she "loves him sq much that she wants to be absolutely perfect in his eyes,"let him realize the sacred sweetness, the instinctive fineness, the tender, wistful longing of its consecration and show himself worthy of it. This

cry of the emotions, this hightide of a mood of genuineness is a crucial moment. Conscious that he is nearing the thin ice of heart

diplomacy, let him tenderly assure her with a caress that she is flawless as the Kohinoor and gently smile away the possibility of even perfection being as perfect as she.

The real work of mending little flaws can be considered later quietly without furnishing a detailed estimate of the needed repairs. He has given her an ideal to live up to, not a feeling of

restless protest to be overcome. Mutual confession of each other's

faults is the shortest cut to a misunderstanding, though the talk begin in the balmiest atmosphere of flowers and perfume, sweetness and seemingly stormproof confidence.

The first difference of opinion that belongs to the "quarrel"is important for the manner in which it is met. When the

romance of the new companionship loses the charm of its initial novelty, the warning click of trifles, a sudden jolt or jar of the home machinery, may threaten the possibility of any hope for the future.

The first storm usually arises from a trifle and in a few moments a gentle zephyr of misunderstanding becomes a whirlwind.

There are only three or four moves on each side, and in surveying the emotional wreckage, both may be dazed and unable to say how it started. Each may say moe than is meant; each may take

the other's words too seriously; each oversensitive and hugging a

petty pride, may feel aggrieved and too hurt to think of instant attempt at restoring peace and sunshine. There may be sobs

protests and wounded dignity on the part of one, while the other may become coldly, stolidly calm, as if carved in mahogany.

It matters not who spoke the first word; it is the fault of

both if the inharmony continues. It may have been a difference

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE. 791

of opinion in which each was right but neither had the right to force that opinion on the other. The larger nature will ever be

first to make overtures of reconciliation.

A slight misunderstanding may be invaluable to both as a warning, as a revelation of tendencies of a characteristic of one that the other must recognize, as a small blaze may inspire a realizing sense of needed precautions in a home, that may make a conflagration later hardly possible. The two should mark the trait

that caused the trouble as a rock in the channel, a dangerous reef that should be removed if possible; if not removable, it should

have a bell and a light so that it may be recognized and avoided in the matrimonial seamanship.

When the air of a discussion suddenly grows sultry, and the temptation comes to cap one sarcasm with another more sarcastic there should be a pause. Orators facing an audience and feeling

a twinge of stage fright take a moment to get their bearings, to pull themselves together and conquer the invading nervousness;

then they speak their first few words in a low voice, slowly, gently and deliberately. The orator's pause taken in the early stages of

a breakfast table discussion often guarantees peace. When a first

misunderstanding is permitted to degenerate into harsh and bitter words of contempt, they leave a stain. They soil the ermine of

delicacy and fineness in relation of the two that only the bigness of a great love can ever quite restore; they make repetition easier

and reparation harder.

When it is all past and the sun shines bright again, talking it over and holding rehearsals and postmortems is unwise. It

should be buried from memory forever as a body is committed to the depths of the ocean in a funeral at sea. Let us forgive and

forget; if we hold a hurt feeling and adopt a martyr pose we show

that we forget that we have forgiven.

It is what follows misunderstanding that really counts. Does

it leave a train of bitter words and recrimination that becomes tatooed into memory, a fit of sulks, tears and indifferences that no sunshine of loving words can banish, closed Bluebeard chambers of remembrance whose doors we shut with a slam if in later years memory opens them inadvertently? Is the pettiness of either

or both to permit this to eclipse the sun of life's happiness? Is it

)! 'MPROVEMENT ERA.

thus that the discords of a moment effect us, or do they bring sweeter music in the days after, because they are now understood and vanquished, or, unconquered, do they recur more frequently and with greater intensity? Little misunderstandings may be

summer thundershowers that clear the air of the home, leaving it sweet, pure and balmy; or cold, drizzly November rains that

depress and deaden.

There may be none of this little discord when the individuality of either is suppressed; when one personality absolutely dominates the other; when one always meekly echoes what the other

says; when one meekly walks the matrimonal chalkline; when the

husband or wife has been "trained."There may be quiet here,

but it is not really peace; it is the torpor of pale, colorless lives,

of submerged individuality; it is the unruffled, stagnant smoothness of a mere pond as compared with the tonic, fresh, free

motion of the living sea.

Where love has faded into cold indifference, where a tacit truce of tolerance is established between two to whom marriage has become a mirage fading away into the perspective of memory, there may be no moments of misunderstanding or inharmony becausd they are in the dangerous mood of "don't care"when emotion seems paralyzed.

vVhere there is a deep, genuine, absorbing love in the springtide of married life there may still be inharmony because the exalted ideals, the hearthunger, the sensitive fineness, is satisfied only with supreme recognition and fullest response. Love

itself may grow unduly arrogant and demanding. A misunderstanding may be but the heart's confession of a subtle hurt, the

expression of the perfect dependence of one on the other in the smallest trifles; every word, look or tone has an exaggerated value. It may be antedoted instantly by a word of explanation, or, unexpressed, it may be born in silence and nursed by

wounded pride. By the strange power that trifles have to prove

the fixed idea, it may grow into a grievance that, feeding upon itself, will weaken the very foundations of faith and trust.

Where love is fine, there is, in misunderstanding and conflict of view, an instinct that keeps the inharmony within bounds of refinement and courtesy. Unselfish love has, too, a recuperative

power that restores faith and confidence quickly to the normal

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE. 793

if the disturbing element has been but a semblance of wrong rather than a reality.

Sometimes the springtide of married life brings more serious problems. Sometimes in the very honeymoon there may come

revelations that kill happiness in its soul, and one, stricken, like a wounded animal, longs only to be alone, to suffer in silence this appalling grief. There is no hope; no words can explain, no acts

can atone.

If not so absolutely fatal as this, there may be quarrels more portentous than mere inharmonies, repetitions of doubts and jealousies, spectors that do not down, the discoveries of chasms of indifference that cannot be bridged, the pang of wounds that do not heal, the constant, dominant insistence of one note of pain or of loss, the chill of incompatibility when any trifle may precipitate an earthquake. This is not one of the ''little problems;"it is too

much like living on the suburbs of Vesuvius;o lead to happiness without a radical revolution, and a new start with new wisdom on the part of both.

Points of difference in the individualities that seem antagonistic and destructive of harmony may by blending become a dual virtue. The extravagance of one of the partners in matrimony,

held in check by the tendency to penuriousness on the part of the other, may have a neutralizing effect on both.

The sturdy independence of the man should give tone and strength to the gentleness of the wife. Marriage requires balance. If both learn to live in the proper spirit towards each

other, faults become softened, fuller understanding takes the sting from the seeming pain, kindness displaces unkindness as sunshine banishes darkness, and the two come into closer harmony, mutually completing and complementing each other.

Marriage is what the two personalities involved make it. For

art, music, oratory, authorship and other phases of power, it is conceded that success presupposes ability, desire, determination and training, but many seem to think that mere entrance into matrimony should of itself bring success, prospertity and happiness, that it should accomplish all these things as if it were a birthright to be demanded instead of a fortune to be earned by their united effort.

("Respect for Each Other's Individuality,"is the title of the second article in this series, to appear in the August number.)

Pen Pictures of the Holy Land.

BY HAMILTON GARDNER.

VIII.—Athens.

From Athens the world has received a heritage such as has been given by no other city. In philosophy, in sculpture, in

architecture, in the science of government, this city has probably contributed more than any other. As a center of art and learning it dominated the world of knowledge and culture for centuries.

Its illustrious sons, too, have added greatly to its fame. What

city would not enjoy prestige with such names among its roster of citizens as the philosophers Socrates, Aristotle and Plato; the

lawgiver Solon; the statesman Pericles; the orator Demosthenes;

and the general Miltiades?

A MACEDONIAN GUARD IN THE KING S GARDEN.

PEN PICTURES OF THE HOLY LAND. 795

Athens, too, is not without its interesting ecclesiastical history. On Mar's Hill, the Apostle Paul delivered a speech to the

assembled Athenians that remains to this day one of the three or four greatest orations in history. Afterward, he also established a

branch of the Christian church here.

Although the history of Athens dates back to 2,000 B. C, and

although she was mistress of the known world for a long time, the city was only an insignificant place at the beginning of the nineteenth century. Since 1821, however, when Greece gained her

independence from Turkey, and Athens was selected as the capital,

THE ACROPOLIS.

The temple on the center of the hill is the Parthenon.

the growth of the city has been quite rapid. The result is that

the traveler finds it distinctly modern—laid out as it is in straight,

wide streets, and dotted with squares and parks. The present population is estimated at 150,000.

The center of interest in Athens is the Acropolis—a steep,

rocky hill, around which the ancient city was built. At first it

served as a fortress to the fugitive Ionians who founded the city.

Later it came to be the center of religious worship, and the important temples were erected on it. The chief business of the

state was also transacted on the Acropolis. Today the hill is covered with the ruins of the old temples—one to Nike and one to

Athena being the principal ones.

796 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

As the Acropolis is the center of Athens, so is the Parthenon the gem of the Acropolis. The Parthenon is considered the most

perfect building ever erected by man. Attempts have been made

to duplicate it, but it is still regarded as standing alone in its architectural perfection. Although built in 43738 B.*C., enough

of it still remains to impress the observer with its grandeur.

The Parthenon is approximately 225 feet long and 100 feet wide. A double row of columns ran around it, and the whole was

covered with a gabled roof. Part of an exquisitely sculptured

frieze, which was originally 524 feet long, still stands. To appear

perfectly harmonious to the eye, the columns were made to lean slightly inward and the platform to bulge up a little in the center.

This fact I verified by sighting along the floor.

If in imagination one could restore the Parthenon with its insurpassable architecture, its beautiful frieze, its ninetyeight columns and fifty lifesize statues; and then fill the courtyard of

the Acropolis with costly shrines, with here and there a religious procession passing; and last of all, people the whole with classic

Greeks, clad in their flowing white togas—we should have a picture which, in classic beauty at least, could not be surpassed.

On the sloping hillside of the Acropolis, now almost overrun with weeds, is the ancient Greek theatre of Dionysius. The seats

were cut out of the rock in the shape of a halfcircle, higher

FRONT VIEW OF THE PARTHENON.

PEN PICTURES 01 [THE HOLY LAND. 797

than, and facing, the stage. Originally the theatre held fifteen

thousand spectators. Curtains and other modern stage contrivances were, of course, completely lacking—the players merely

came out from behind a low wall. The first row of seats belonged

to the dignitaries of the church and the state. True to the

American irreverence for things ancient, and their desire to assert their equality with anyone else, one of us, while a picture was taken, occupied the seat which the inscription said once belonged to the Roman Emperor Hadrian.

Mar's Hill, where Paul delivered his famous sermon on the "Unknown God,"rises near the Acropolis. It is simply a projecting backbone of rock. American propensities again asserted

THE TEMPLE OF DIONYSIUS.

themselves here. Not having a Bible along, one of us took a

Baedeker guide book and, assuming a "Yemen-ofAthens"pose, was photographed on the spot where Paul addressed the Athenians centuries before.

Modern Athens also contains many other treasures from the past. One of the most important is the Theseum, a temple dedicated to Theseus, the mythical founder of the city, and built in

the style of the Parthenon. It is, however, the much better preserved of the two, in fact is considered the best preserved of all

Greek builidings. The ruins of the great temple of Jupiter also

798 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

THE THESEUM.

deserve mention, as well as the Triumphal Arch erected by the

Emperor Hadrian. And not the least interesting is the new stadium,

erected on the site of the old stadium, where the Olympic games were held, and where in 1906 the American athletes easily defeated the rest of the world in a revival of this ancient festival.

The best idea of the wonderful high plane on which the Greek sculpture stood, can be obtained in the National Museum. Here

the thousands of busts depict, with striking vividness, the ability with which Helenic sculptors could portray character in marble and bronze. The

marvelously wellpreserved vases and urns also give an admirable picture of Grecian life and character. Besides I LA*.

these, there are antiquities of all ornaments, reliefskinds—weapons,

from tombs, and vessels of gold, silver and clay.

Of the life and customs of the modern Greeks, I need say nothing v here. The Greek population of the V

United States is sufficient that Ameri- L H cans can obtain this information at home. mar's hill.

PEN PICTURES OF THE HOLY LAND. 799

For those who are interested in classic mythology and archaeology, and who desire to live for a time in the glory of the past,

Athens is the ideal place. Here, above any other city in the world,

are the ruins of the classic age, and to this place, the Queen of the

Greek world, must one come to gratify this desire.

University of Utah.

"God is Just."

Sometimes, when day stalks over the lea,

It brings a burden of woes to me

A load of sorrow, and pain and care,

That seems almost greater than I can bear.

And as I struggle along the road,

Reeling and fainting beneath my load,

A spirit of evil arising in me,

Whispers, "God is not just, or this would not be!"

But when shy night steals over the plain,

Singing her low, sweet, soothing strain,

Softly and gently my burden of woes

Slips off, and I sink into sweet repose.

Then I recall how in mercy and love

God sends untold blessings to me from above, 'Til my heart fills with rapture and I feel that I must

Proclaim to the world that indeed "God is just."

Grace Williams.

Rexburg, Idaho.

The Story of the Restoration.

BY OSBORNE J. P. WIDTSOE, A. M., PRINCIPAL L. D. S. HIGH SCHOOL,

HEAD OF THE DEPARTMENT OF ENGLISH.

A Religious Revival.

[During the season 191011 the Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement associations studied the Restoration of the Gospel, and eighteen lessons were prepared by the author for the classes. Since then he has

written and added several more lessons, and on solicitation he intends to print them in book form. The entertaining article here given is the

opening chapter to the new book. Editors.]

The Smiths little thought when they moved, in 1818, to the little town of Manchester, that their name would soon become known for good or for ill the world over. The years before had been

first of the famyears of honorable obscurity. Robert Smith—the

ily in America—had emigrated from England some time near the

middle of the seventeenth century; and for four generations his

posterity lived in honorable seclusion in the little town of Topsfield, Massachusetts. No restless'ambition to make the world

take note of them ever disturbed the even tenor of their way.

They tilled the soil with faithfulness, and prospered and were respected by their neighbors. All of them were patriots, devoted

to the cause of American liberty; some of them served with courage and distinction in the great War of Independence. But when

the war was over, they retired to their farms—to their daily,

honorable toil. The present head of the family was born in

Topsfield, too, in the year 1771. When a young man, however,

he moved with his father to Tunbridge, Vermont. There, young

Smith acquired a farm of his own, and married. There, through

the trickery of his associates in a commercial enterprise, he

THE STORY OF THE RESTORATION. 801

failed. But he paid honestly every debt. He sold his farm; he

sold his horses and his cattle; he sold all that he had, and set out

emptyhanded for Palmyra, New York, to start life anew. Two

hundred acres of forest land he cleared and put under cultivation.

Then, in common with many others who were pioneering in New

York, Smith lost the newlybroken farm because he could not meet the final payment. Nothing daunted, however, Mr. Smith moved

with his family to Manchester. There he secured a comfortable

farm of sixteen a?res, and prepared to continue the quiet life of

honest toil and prosperity that had characterized his family since

Robert Smith first set foot on American soil. There was nothing

about the Smiths, in 1818, to indicate that their name would ever become known beyond their immediate neighborhood.

In the spring of 1820, however, Manchester, with other parts of western New York, was swept by a wave of religious revival.

Religious revivals were not uncommon in the century that is past.

The people of the Christian world were then more susceptible to religious emotion than they are today. Those of the American

frontier were especially very generally devoted to the cause of religion. They read the Bible prayerfully, and they attended to

the worship of God on the Sabbath day. But they did not, of

course, understand perfectly the gospel of the Lord Jesus. Disputes arose often among them—disputes on questions of doctrine

between the votaries of the various denominational sects. For

then, as now, there existed an unauthorized number of differing creeds. And these disputes led often to unfortunate defections.

Truly, the house of God should not be a house of turmoil; when

strife and confusion arose, it is no wonder that many, who looked for peace and order, should become indifferent to the affairs of the church. When there was but one accepted Christian church,

and that one universal in its authority, it was still sufficiently difficult to secure faithful observance of church ritual. When the

Christian world became broken into hundreds of contending sects one of them nearly universal in its authority—it—and no

became measurably more difficult to hold the religious interest of the people. It was, then, when there occurred a kind of apostasy from spiritual things, that religious revivals were held, such

as that which came to Manchester in the spring of 1820.

802 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The revival movement of that year seems to have originated with the Methodists, in the winter of 1819. Rapidly, however, it

spread from sect to sect, and from village to village, until every denomination in western New York was affected by it. The ministers—most prominent among whom were the Reverend Mr.

Stockton of the Presbyterian church, and the Reverend Mr. Lane

of the Methodist church—united in the effort to bring about a

spiritual awakening. They did what lay in their power to do to

inspire religious enthusiasm. They professed that they cared not

with what sect a man might later ally himself, so only he "got religion"and became "converted."Thus, the Methodists, the

Presbyterians, the Baptists and all other denominations there represented, seemed to cooperate unitedly, and in love, to bring about the greatest good for the people concerned.

And the people responded encouragingly to the efforts of the ministerial body. Those who lived in the cities attended the revival

meetings in throngs; and those who lived far away flocked to the

larger centers to take part in the spiritual awakening. The

leaders preached eloquent, emotional sermons. They marshaled

their arguments with masterly skill. They wrought upon the fears

of the people till they became stirred to the very depths of their souls. Often these revival meetings were productive of marvelous

manifestations. The great revival of Kentucky, in 1800, seems

to have been, in a way, the beginning and inspiration of a long series of revivals in following years. The meetings held then

were typical of the revival in general; we turn to descriptions of

them to learn how they were conducted, and how they were characterized. Professor J. B. Turner, of Illinois College, says, "The

people were accustomed to assemble sometimes to the number of ten or twelve thousand, and they often continued together, in devotional exercises, for several days and nights. Here the people

were sometimes seized with general tremor, the pulse grew weaker, their breathing difficult, and, at long intervals, their hands and feet became cold, and finally they fell, and both pulse and breath, and all symptoms of life forsook them for nearly an hour, during which time they suffered no pain, and were perfectly conscious of their condition and knew what was passing around them.

"Atone time during service, several shrieks were uttered, t

THE STORY OF THE RESTORATION. 803

and people fell in all directions. Not less than one thousand fell

at one meeting. Their outward expressions of devotion consisted

in alternate singing, crying, laughing, shouting, and every variety of violent emotion of which the muscular system is capable.

These violent motions they soon became unable to resist. They

were violently thrown upon the ground by the convulsions, where their motions 'resembled those of a fish upon land.'This disease

lasted through several years, in some cases, and propagated itself by sympathetic imitation from one to another * with astonishing rapidity, in crowds, and often in small assemblies."

Another professor, writing of the same remarkable phenomena, says, "It happened that in the summer of 1799 two McGee brothers, William, a Presbyterian, and John, a Methodist, when crossing the pine barrens in Ohio, determined to turn aside and visit a sacramental solemnity at Red river.... Several

preachers spoke. First John McGee, the Methodist, and never, as

he says himself, did he preach with more light and liberty.

"Then his Presbyterian brother and the Rev. Mr. Hodge spoke

with much animation and power. While the latter was discoursing, a woman in the east end of the house, unable to repress the

violence of her emotions, gave vent to them with shoutings loud and long. At the close of the sermon the other ministers went

out, but the two McGee's and the people seemed loath to depart.

'William felt such a power come over him that he quit his seat and sat down on the floor of the pulpit, I suppose not knowing what he did. A power which caused me to tremble was upon me. There

was a solemn weeping all over the house. At length I rose up and

exhorted them to let the Lord God Omnipotent reign in their hearts, and submit to him, and their souls should live. Many

broke silence. The woman in the east end of the house shouted

tremendously. I left the pulpit and went through the audience

shouting and exhorting with all possible ecstasy and energy, and thethe floor was soon covered with the slain.'.... Upon

return home, they rushed into the arms of their friends, shouting

* The italics are the present writer's.

t Turner, Mormonism in all Ages, (1842) pp. 272, 273.

804. IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and telling what wonderful things God had done for their souls."*

It was such a revival movement as this that came to Palmyra and Manchester in 1820. "The seriousness began at Palmyra,"

we are told. "The youth and children seem to be roused up to

enquire, 'What must we do to be saved?'A few drops"from the

cloud of glory have fallen uon Pittstown. There is uncommon

attention to public worship in Canandaigua. It has been difficult

during the winter to get places large enough to accommodate, or even contain the people. The countenance of many show how

anxious their minds are to know how they may flee from the wrath to come."f

The revival progressed from day to day, the ministers working harmoniously together in the common purpose of waking the spiritual interests of the people. When, however, the time came

for these who had "experienced religion"to profess their party allegiance, it became apparent that the seeming goodwill between the sects did not extend below the surface. The ministers began

then to contend one with another. The noise and confusion of the

sometimes fanatic gospel meetings had been great; but the confusion that followed now was greater and of a more serious kind.

Standing in their tentdoors, as it were, the ministers cried to the sorely perplexed new converts, "Lo, here is Christ!""Lo, there!"

"The Reverend Mr. Stockton insisted that the work done was

largely Presbyterian work, as he had been a dominating influence in the movement, and presided at the meetings. The Reverend

Mr. Lane, of the Methodist church, preached a sermon on the subject, 'What church shall I join?'He quoted the golden text of

James, J 'If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given

him.'And to the confusion of the scene was added bitterness;

* Davenport, Primitive Traits in Religious Revivals, pp. 69, 70

resume of a letter written by John McGee.

f J. H. Hotchkiss, A History of the Purchase and Settlement oj

Western New York, pp. 36, 37.

t B. H. Roberts, History of the Mormon Church, in Americana,

Vol. IV.

James 1: 5.

THE STORY OF THE RESTORATION. 805

for, not only did the newly converted not know with what church to associate themselves, but the pseudoministers of God strove among themselves, the one maligning the other. From a wellmeant spiritual revival begun in religious zeal and conducted,

apparently, in brotherly love, there resulted, finally, bitterness and contention because there was no unity among the professing followers of Christ. The newlyconverted were hardly better off

after their conversion than they were before it."

Meanwhile, there was present during this strenuous religious revival in Manchester, a rather seriousminded boy of some fourteen years of age. He was the fourth child of the Smiths. The

Smiths themselves were, in the main, attracted by the doctrines of the Presbyterians. But Joseph did not know what he should do.

He attended the revival meetings. He witnessed the violent manifestations of religious emotion. Dndoubtedly, he was deeply

affected at times by the excessive demonstrations of his associates and friends. But, through it all, he maintained a perfect selfcontrol. He never once was so overcome by his emotions that he

took part in the excitement of his friends. He stood calmly,thought*

fully this time, of by—a spectator, puzzled, perplexed. "During

great excitement,"he wrote in his manhood, "my mind was called up to serious reflection and great uneasiness; but though my feelings were deep and often poignant, still I kept myself aloof from

all these parties, though I attended their several meetings as often as occasion would permit. In process of time my mind became somewhat partial to the Methodist sect; but so great were the confusion and strife among the different denominations that it was

impossible for a person young as I was, and so unacquainted with men and things, to come to any certain conclusion who was right and who was wrong. My mind at times was greatly excited, the

cry and tumult were so great and incessant. The Presbyterians

were most decided against the Baptists and Methodists, and used all the powers of both reason and sophistry to prove their errors?

or at least to make the people think they were in error. On the

other hand, the Baptists and Methodists in their turn were equally zealous in endeavoring to establish their own tenets and disprove all others."*

History of the Church, Vol. I, pp. 3, 4.

806 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Under such conditions it is hardly to be wondered at that the boy was troubled in mind. The wonder is that he, too, was not

overcome by the emotional excitement of the day. Perhaps no

fact of psychology is better established than this, that the mental and nervous organizations of likeminded people "respond in like ways to the same stimuli."With the religious folk of the Manchester revival this boy was undoubtedly sympathetically likeminded. Yet he did not yield to the emotional impulses that

seized upon his friends; and that, too, in spite of the fact further

asserted by psychologists and sociologists, that sympathetically likeminded people "are not likely to have their primitive and instinctive nervous tendencies and mental traits under the governance of the higher inhibitory centers;"and that "the

nervously unstable, the suggestible, the inexperienced* (are) affected by the highly emotional revival earlier than the dignified and intelligent people of judgment and standing."! This boy of

fourteen years was inexperienced; his standing in the eyes of the

world was nil; yet his primitive and instinctive tendencies and mental traits seemed to be well under the governance of the higher

inhibitory centers.

Professor Frederick Morgan Davenport, whom I have already quoted, says further in his treatise of the primitive traits in religious revivals, that "we must bear in mind constantly that the effect of a sympathetic religious movement is greatly increased by the massing of men and women in a psychological 'crowd,'a camp meeting, for instance.... The ratural result of the

assembling of men in crowds, especially when skilful speakers engage their attention and play upon the chords of imagination and emotion, seems to be the weakening of the power of inhibition in each individual, and the giving of free reign to feeling and imitation.... This will be most in evidence among primitive, superstitious and unlettered people, of course, for civilization shows itstlf in nothing more clearly than in the growing

capacity for individual selfcontrol, but they will also appear in the relatively high stages of culture and experience if the com-

* Italics are present writer's.

f Davenport's Primitive Traits in Religious Revivals, pp. 2, 3.

THE STORY OF THE RESTORATION. 807

bination of conditions, physical, mental and social, is strong enough to develop them. In fact there is no population, there are

comparatively few individuals in any population, who cannot be swept from the moorings of reason and balanced judgment if brought under the mysterious and potent influence of the psychological 'crowd.'"*

This boy was present in the massing of men and women, in a psychological crowd, in a campmeeting, even. There were skilful speakers present to engage the attention and to play upon the

chords of imagination and emotion. While he was neither wholly

primitive, nor very superstitious, he was, to be sure, unlettered.

He had certainly not passed through the higher stages of culture and experience. Indeed, there was present in him a combination

of conditions—physical, mental and social—that would lead one

to expect in him the usual display of emotional excitement in a sympathetic religious movement. Yet, he displayed unusual selfrestraint through it all. He was not brought under the mysterious and potent influence of the psychological 'crowd.'He confesses to experiencing feelings both deep and poignant, and to

becoming excited at times; yet he kept himself aloof from all the

contending parties. He seemed to possess a strongly developed

"capacity for individual selfcontrol."He became somewhat partial to the Methodist; but since he could not determine, amid such

scenes of confusion and strife, whether or not they were wholly right, he refrained from allying himself with any sect. While his

friends and associates lost themselves in a kind of religious frenzy, this boy, scarce fourteen years of age, asserted his independence of thought and feeling, and held himself aloof from the religious excitement of his day.

However, it must not be forgotten that his mind was exercised over religious conditions. He longed to know the truth.

He sought earnestly to find out, and in a condition of calmness, clearness of vision, and p?rfect selfcontrol—perplexed in mi id,

but not weakened by emotion or excitement—Joseph Smith, Jr.,

sought the Lord in prayer.

From that moment, almost, the name of the Smiths became known the world over for good and for ill.

Davenport's Primitive Traits in Religious Revivals, pp. 9, 10.

Western Canada.

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER.

The romance of the West has long been the theme of the poet and novelist. There is a charm in adventure and successes

that appeals to the imagination in such a way as to excite men and women to action, and to the accomplishment of the best that is in them.

In the early history of our republic, the great western half of the continent between the Missouri river and the Pacific was considered generally a stretch of country having but little or no value. The development, however, of the great west within

the confines of the United States was never so exciting and so surprising as the conversion of the great stretches of prairie in western Canada within recent years. The story of that land reads

like a romance, and is exciting today throughout Europe and the

United States an interest that has perhaps never before bee a felt in any great pioneer movement or immigration of settlers. It is

difficult if not quite impossible to make people understand or appreciate the wonderful movement looking to the development of this new Canada. A few figures may be helpful, but rather, perhaps, beyond our appreciation, or even our understanding. If we

examine the wealth that is yearly pouring into that land we should discover that its movement is marvelous. England has

sent, all told, into Canada nearly two billion dollars for investment there. Within the last three years the people of that little

island have sent to Canada a trifle less than half a billion. For

the year 1910, the amount was $157,481,000. These are the

statistics given by Mr. George Peish, one of the editors of the

Statist, who recently read them before the Statistical Society of

WESTERN CANADA. 809

Great Britain. The total in three years is considerably larger than

the sum invested by the people of England in any other country of the world. Indeed, about six million Canadians have absorbed onefifth of all the money sent abroad by England for investment.

Thousands of people are rushing over the frontier from the

United States into that part of Canada. They are carrying with

them millions. The exact amount will perhaps never be known.

In a recent statement which comes to us through the press, it is learned that every day in March there passed through the city of

Winnipeg into the western provinces, an average of more than one thousand a day. The movement started late in February, and by

the end of March it reached the total of fortytwo thousand. This

is only one stream of the great flood of emigration. Thousands are

moving over the line all along the frontier from Winnipeg to the

Pacific. Trains going into Canada are crowded with settlers, and

whole trains are made up of settlers'effects, and thousands of livestock are taken into the new prairie provinces.

I stepped, the other day, into a schoolroom in one of our Utah towns. The teacher was giving a lesson on the geography of

Canada, and was telling the students something about Alberta.

The word challenged my attention. I stopped a moment and listened. After the exercises were over, I wanted to know how she

came to make such a statement in the class.

''Why,"she said, "I have the best of authority, a text book which has been adopted in our schools."And she placed in my

hands Tarr and McMurray from which I read: "In the provinces

of Alberta the climate is too arid for farming."Think of it!

These western provinces too arid for farming! I said, "Did you

know that the single province of Saskatchewan raises more wheat than any state of our Union excepting one?"She was surprised.

And wheat raising in that province has barely begun. It is only

a question of a few years when the two provinces of Saskatchewan and Alberta will produce by far more than any two states in the

Union.

The railroads of that country show, perhaps, today, as well as anything else, the marvels of the great Canadian west. Canada,

according to the number of its population, is the first "railroad country in the world. It has a mile of railroad for every three

810 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

hundred inhabitants, while the United States comes second, with a mile for every three hundred and fifty inhabitants. Two great continental railroads are now rapidly pushing their way westward.

Soon Canada will have three great continental lines with branch lines in all directions. The Canadian government

by the guarantee of subsidies and the guarantee of railroad bonds, is not waiting for settlers. Railroads are pushing through

the great wheat districts, while the settlers are rushing in -to cultivate the land.

If we except Denmark, no country in all the world belongs so much to the farmer as Canada does. Public utility commissions

regulate the transportation, and in some instances own public utilities. The Dominion government has just now provided for

the construction of a railroad up to the Hudson bay. It will be

built at government expense, and in only a few years it will be possible to ship over these Canadian railroads through the Hudson bay and over the Atlantic, grain into the markets of Europe, a route that is twelve hundred miles shorter than that through the port of New York to Europe. Some have thought that reciprocity would be a disadvantage to the railroads of that country, that

the Great Northern would make a hasty move across the line into

Canada, but the Canadian government has the facilities to more than hold its own with the United States in the matter of transportation. It is not unlikely that within the next five years the

farmers of the great west in the United States will be sending their products to Europe by way of Hudson bay. That route will be

particularly favorable to the Dakotas, Minnesota and Wisconsin.

If you want to see what Canada is doing by way of comparison, count the number of transcontinental lines in the United States.

Nearly one hundred million people have six transcontinental lines in this country, while six million people, who, by fair comparison should not have one for some time, will perhaps within three years have three great lines.

The story of Canada today is full of astounding things. Who

could have believed it all? People going to Alberta have been told

that they were going, even in southern Alberta, into the regions of perpetual snow and ice. At such remarks the Canadians smile.

One of the transcontinental lines is now pushing its system into

WESTERN CANADA. 811

the Peace river country, something like a thousand miles north of where people in southern Alberta are supposed to be living in snowbound regions. What will they do in Peace river? They are

raising a fine quality of wheat up there, and railroads have assured themselves that the production of wheat in that far northern latitude will justify the construction of a road.

The reader will ask, "How has this all been kept from the general knowledge of the people for so many years?"Most

information that has come to us from the great west has come through the wonderful Hudson Bay Company which, until a few years ago, discouraged rather than encouraged settlements. The

"Mormon"people in southern Alberta were among the first to demonstrate the possibilities of wheat growing in southern Alberta.

Only a few years ago, I began the development of a farm eight miles east of Cardston. I was almost alone out on a great prairie,

with two or three neighbors from one to three miles distant.

Sometimes whole weeks passed without an opportunity to get a glimpse of even a passerby. Last summer there was really not a

day that parties were not driving past my farm in automobiles.

A railroad was brought up close to my farm, beside which an elevator was soon constructed. I must stop. The romance of the

Canadian west will some day fill volumes.

Alberta, Canada.

Photo sent the Era by E. K. Winnie.

Eskimo Graves on the Lower Yukon, Alaska.

What a Hungarian Gentleman Writes.

A Hungarian traveler. Arpad Pasztor, who visited Salt Lake

City and became somewhat acquainted with the Latterday Saints has written to a leading paper in Budapest, Hungary, relating among other things his visit to the Latterday Saints and the impressions received of them. Elders John E. Hill, Samuel V. Spry, and

Desmond J. Barker, have sent to President Joseph F. Smith a

translation of his letter which was printed in the Budapest paper and read by many thousands of people. Some excerpts from his

writings, which are entitled, "Around the world from Budapest to

Budapest,"will prove of interest to the readers of the Er\, and are here given. One must, of course, allow for some slight exaggerations, where the intent is as honest as the writer's:

In the midst of this rough, formidable world, the great American West, is the State of Utah, and the City of Salt Lake, where live a civilized, wealthy, contented and peaceloving people. The

land of the "Mormons!"The holy and righteous "Mormons,"who

are solemnly sworn by oath that they will not gamble, not drink intoxicating liquors, and not commit adultery. The emblem of

industry. They are nottheir state is the "Beehive"—Labor and

permitted to criticize or find fault with their religion, nor permitted to make light of their most holy book, the Book of Mormon, which was engraved by man upon plates of brass two thousand years before the birth of Christ, and hidden up in the promised land of

America, that in time it would be found that Nephi and Laman were the direct descendants, (the American Indians) of the house of Israel.

Viewed from the eye of an infidel, every religion is quaint, and what is more, perhaps, amusing and strange; but one need not

WHAT A HUNGARIAN GENTLEMAN WRITES. 813

look altogether at the religion, but at what kind of men are being reared and what kind of a world is being built.

Look at their leader, Brigham Young. See what marvelous

wonders were accomplished under his direction. How the barren

desert was changed into a garden, and a city built which in the world has no equal. Its narrowest streets are as wide as

"Andrassyut,"[widest straight street in Europe, located in Budapest] and it has beautiful business blocks; wealth, order and contentment are in evidence everywhere. There were perhaps two

thousand "Mormons,"when they came here,and now there are fifty thousand, and in the United States five hundred thousand.

Brigham Young truly was one of the greatest builders of the past century, powerful agitator, orator, achiever and director, most eminent of all the pioneers, and moreover, in all respects an

artist.

He himself designed and constructed the holy temples and tabernacles of the "Mormons."He was not an architect, but he

built as a child, who at his play constructs masterpieces.

The tabernacle is the plainest of buildings, and yet is wonderful. There is a seating capacity for twelve thousand. This

mighty hall is arched by a single turtleshell like dome, seventysix meters long, fortysix meters wide, and so perfectly built that a whisper can be heard to the most remote corner. Yet not a

single European theatre is patterned after it. Not in the world

can an auditorium be found that is preferable to this. The great

organ cannot be equalled the world over. It is comprised of five

thousand pipes, a most marvelous masterpiece!

I entered the biilding at 12 noon. A concert was

being held. The sensation and esctasy of those few moments

will never be forgotten. It was an experience worth the struggles of a lifetime. Lohengrin and Elsa's beautiful love duet

was played, and also that simple Southern melody known so well to all Americans, "Old Folks at Home."Then, as if the harmony had been wafted for miles, or even from heaven itself, the

choir purest and most beautiful music I have ever sang—the

heard. Thousands and thousands of sounds were produced as

waves lowering and rising with the clear, silvery strains of the soprano, the rich, sparkling flow of the alto, the bright, golden 814 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

glow of the tenor, and the deep, majestic oceanlike roar of the bass. The soft, mellow effect of the organ could be felt

throughout the entire piece, and after the finest tones that can be produced by man dwindle into stillness, one is still held spellbound by its divine influence.

I entered the presiding Bishop's office building. In every

office were men and women -the women have equal rights with the men. When I inquired after a "Mormon"Hungarian, a healthy

young lady answered, "Perhaps my brother, the apostle, will know."Dear brethren! My brotherin-law is a prophet, my

brother is an apostle, and my uncle a bishop. But these apostles,

prophets and bishops are excellent business men. The offices are

humming with business activities, since the Church is interested in every honorable kind of business in existence. In these pursuits

they are prudent and wise, and their members are contented and prospering.

"No, no, I am not ashamed to confess,"said a "Mormon"to me, "that in my younger days I was a tippler. I already had

a wife and child. I could hardly wait until evening to build the

fire in the factory and rush out with the trainmen to drink. I

spent my money in carousing, my wife watching and waiting for my return till three in the morning, when I would be brought in.

Then the 'Mormon'missionaries came to us. I reformed. Nine

of us came out here. We now have two shoe factories. We are

all partners. Each of us has a home of our own. Early in the

evening I buy fruit and go home and play with the children. We

sing, dance, we are happy. Isn't it so, Brother Schulthess?"

This confession was made to me at the office of the Salt Lake

Beobachter, where ended my search for the Hungarian "Mormons."

Upon my inquiring, Mr. Arnold H. Schulthess, the editor,

went to the telephone and called up Brother S., who made the

statement that he will never return to Hungary. Why not?

He said: "Here I have extra good work. I love my home in

Banat. A more beautiful place on earth cannot be found, but I

shall remain here, because here it was where my happiness began."His eyes sparkled, his face became bright. In contentment

and peace he lives.

WHAT A HUNGARIAN GENTLEMAN WRITES. 815

Such a faith demands reverence. It comes to him who prays

to God, and no one has the right to deprive him of it.

* * * In the year 1896, Utah was admitted to the Union as a state, on condition that the people would do away with polygamy. Since then, no one has been permitted to enter into a

plural marriage. If they do, they are expelled from the Church.

However, all plural marriages entered into up to that time were held valid.

* * * I also saw the president, Joseph F. Smith, a graybearded patriarch. He was just signing a check. He was

greatly pleased to hear from me that there are seventeen Hungarian families living in Salt Lake City, and fifteen of these are "Mormons,"each family having a home of its own.

"This I didn't know,"said the "Mormon"clergyman. He

then introduced to me his twentysecond son. They then asked

that if I should write of them to only write the truth. That is what

I have written.. Arpad Pasztor.

Cast not the Stone.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Cast not the stone, man, cast not the stone!

The ruin that is wrought By sex of thine, what lacks it

In completeness? Is it nought

To thee, that woman bears the pain?

Must she have, too, the stones? Oh, shame'shame! shame!

Cast not the stone, man! cast not the stone

E'en though thy hands be clean!

The lips that with coarse insult part,

A boasted strength bemean.

'Tis man alone, to woman's heart,

Can bring the scarlet bane;

And then, wouldst hurl the stone? More shame! shame! shame!

Grace Ingles Frost.

Waterloo, Utah.

From Nauvoo to Salt Lake in the Van of the Pioneers.

The Original Diary of Erastus Snow.

EDITED BY HIS SON, MORONI SNOW.

V.

In the May number of the Era we left the van of the pioneers resting on the Platte, while the twelve had returned to Winter

Quarters to hold a council. Continuing his journal Erastus Snow

records:

Monday, April 12, 1847. Elder Taylor had not yet arrived,

but all hands made arrangements to return on Wednesday and wait in faith for the accomplishment of the vote of the former council. About sunset on Tuesday, Elder Taylor arrived with the

instruments, and we met in council that evening, much to the joy of our hearts. Wednesday, 14. All returned to the Horn.

15th. Overtook our teams and the company, who were waiting

according to instructions.

16th. In the forenoon the whole company were collected

together, and numbered one hundred and fortythree men, three women and two children, besides a few brethren who had accompanied us thus far, intending to return to Winter Quarters. The

company was then addressed by President Young and others on the necessity of strict organization, and attending strictly to our duties; and he promised, moreover, that if they would abide his

council and observe his directions, they should go safe, and they and their teams be preserved from the Indians and from every enemy. At an appointed hour a bugle would sound for prayers

FROM NAUVOO TO SALT LAKE. 817

and for retiring to rest, and also for alarm during the night, and at five o'clock in the morning to call up to prayers, and to prepare for breakfast and for moving. Every man was expected to be on

his knees offering up his devotions at the hour of prayer. Then

they proceeded to organize by appointing captains of tens, fifties and hundreds. A guard of fifty men was selected for a constant

night guard and Stephen Markham appointed their captain. At

three o'clock we took our march, each ten moving in its place.

We halted in about one and a half hours near an island of rushes, where we turned our teams and guarded them through the night.

I was myself on duty the latter part of the night, and it was very cold, and there was considerable ice in the morning.

17th. We traveled only about eight miles and halted at a convenient point of timber on the Platte, and prepared for Sunday. A

little before sunset we were called together and organized for military operations by appointing President Young, general;

Stephen Markham, colonel; Shadrach Roundy and John Pack,

majors; and the several captains of tens to stand as the captains

of their companies respectively; and Brother Tanner, gunner, with

eight artillerymen. All were instructed to move by tens and in a

solid column, every man with his gun upon his shoulder, or where he could put his hand upon it at a moment's warning.

Sunday, 18th. Today has passed quietly away without any

meetings except in our wagons, on account of its being cold and chilly. A train of seven wagons belonging to Mr. Sarpee, of the

Fur Company, passed us on their way from Pawnee to the Bluffs.

19th. At five o'clock my partner (who, by the way, was the

bugler) sounded a call for prayer and preparations for moving. At

seven he sounded for moving. We moved by tens, every man

except teamsters marching by his wagon, with his gun upon his shoulder. We traveled about twentytwo miles and camped on

the bank of the Platte, forming a halfcircle with our wagons on the river. While baiting our teams at noon beside Diamond Island,

0. P. Rockwell, Elder J. C. Little and the notorious Tom Brown

came up with us, the two former having left camp on the Friday previous, to return to Winter Quarters on business.

20th. We traveled about twenty miles, crossed Shell Creek

about ten a. m., and camped about four p. m., the teams forming

818 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

a semicircle opposite the small island near the main shore or bank where we turned our teams for the night. Near thi a camp our

fishermen drew their seine and caught upwards of two hundred fish from a small lake which afforded our camp a rich repast. By

the way, I had forgotten to mention that when we returned from

Winter Quarters to tha Horn, President Young secured and brought with him Father Eldredge's leather skiff for the use of the fishermen. It was placed on the running gear of a light

wagon in the stead of a box, and carried the fishing apparatus and was drawn by two horses.

21st. About one o'clock ws passed a new trading post on the

Loup Fork, and halted to bait about a mile above, where we were thronged by the Pawnees. Among others was the grand Pawnee

chief, with a certificate from Sarpee, the trader. He, with the

rest, was very friendly and wanted presents. After collecting a

quantity of powder and lead, tobacco, salt, flour, and other trinkets and presenting to the chief, President Young proposed to shake hands and part in friendship, but he refused, and appeared very angry. Upon inquiring into the cause of his passion, he stated, through

his interpreter, that the heap (presents) was too little. The whites

were rich, and had tea, coffee and sugar, and an abundance of everything, and we had given them little, etc. He said we would

kill and drive away their buffalo, and that we should go back, and all ofwe should not go on, and other talk of the same import—

which showed to us the influence the traders, the Missourians and others were using with the Indians against us, and which bade us be on our watch. We traveled about eight miles in the afternoon,

and at night prepared the cannon for action and placed out on guard fifty at a time, including ten picket guards. The Indian

fires we saw all around us and near our camp opposite on the south side of the Loup Fork, but a few guns and other demonstrations let them know that we were on hand.

22nd. The morning came in quietness, and we resumed our

journey as usual. We crossed Looking Glass Creek early in the

morning and baited at noon at the crossing of Beaver Creek, and camped at night at the old missionary station, having traveled sixteen miles. Here we found an abundance of hay and corn fodder

for our teams, saved by the brethren who were here last fall. This

FROM NAUVOO TO SALT LAKE. 819

is a place of surpassing beauty, and the selection of the site and the arrangement of the farms, buildings and fixtures show much taste in the former occupants. The farm houses and shops and all

government improvements had been burned by the Sioux a few months previous to our arrival, and the missionary buildings alone were standing.

23rd. We did not leave our encampment until afternoon. A

portion of our men were engaged in examining the different fords of the Loup Fork, t) find the best crossing. In the afternoon we

moved up to the old ford, four miles above the missionary station, and commenced to cross some of our best teams with light loads, but the current was so rapid and the quick sands so deep, it was very difficult crossing here. We therefore camped for the

night, and concluded to build a raft with which to cross with most of our loading, aided by our leather skiff, that our teams might be able, by doubling, to go through without difficulty. The stream

is about eighty rods wide in this place, and we were obliged to go diagonally up the stream about half a mile to get out.

Saturday 24th. On the morning of the 24th, the skiff began

to ply between the shore and a sand bar across the main channel, and the teams, with four or five yoke of oxen, or two or three span of horses attached to parts of loads, began to cross at the fork and by following in the same track they found the track packed and became hardened, so that the teams began to move over with more ease, and finally most of the company forded with their loads by putting about three times the amount of the ordinary team, but many of the wagon beds had to be raised from the bolsters, and rails put under to prevent the water from entering. About four o'clock we were all safely over and

moved up the river about four miles, where we found considerable blue grass for our teams. There we spent a pleasant Sabbath and

had an interesting meeting. All the camp appeared in firstrate

spirits. A little before daylight on Monday morning our guards

discovered six Indians, who crept along the margin of the river into the very borders of our encampment. They were doubtless

after horses. The guard fired upon them, and they struck and

ran. The bugle sounded an alarm, and in about fifteen minutes

all hands were under arms ready to repel any attack that might.

820 IMPHO VEMENT ERA

be made by the Indians, but the first fire of the guard and the sound of the bugle were all the fighting we had to do. When the

sun arose, there were various conjectures as to their identity, but one possessing some knowledge in the matter pronounced their track to be that of the Sioux Indians instead of Pawnees.

This day we traveled up the river without any trail, and stopped at noon nearly opposite an old, dilapitated Pawnee Indian village, situated on the north bank of the river. About halfpast four p.

m., we passed directly opposite the site of another, on the south

side of the river, and camped for the night on what we supposed to be Sand Creek (having traveled about fifteen miles) where a few scattering willows afforded us a scant allowance of fuel. As far

as we have traveled on the Platte and the Loup Fork, both streams are very broad and full of sand bars, with very little timber, bordered with extensive bottoms, dry and sandy. On the north

side of the Platte, from the mouth of the Horn to the Loup Fork (the bottoms) would average ten miles in width. The Loup Fork,

as far as we have traveled seems to run a little north of east. I

believe this creek to be the first that we have found with a rock bottom. Here also we found late signs of Baffalo.

During most of the day yesterday there were four antelope feeding on the north side of the river opposite our camp, which were the first that we had seen. I forgot to mention that last

night a company of hunters was selected and organized expressly to hunt for the company, that there might be an end to every man running ahead with his gun and scaring away the game. Early in

the evening, while encamped on Sand Creek, it was ascertained that two horses were either strayed or stolen. Some ten or fifteen horsemen, myself among the company, made a diligent search

far and near, until about eleven o'clock, aided by a clear sky and a bright moon, but found them not. Next morning 0. P.

Rockwell, Thomas Brown, Joseph Matthews and John Eldredge started on horseback on the back track in quest of them. The

company crossed this creek and moved in a direction about twenty degrees west of south toward the Platte. We traveled about

twelve miles and baited on the heights of the land, where we had a fair vie# of the Platte in the distance. Near here our hunters

killed an antelope. We traveled about eight miles further and

FROM NAUVOO TO SALT LAKE. 821

found a beautiful prairie stream, where we camped early in the evening. Today we had good roads, but very dry and sandy

most of the way, and no water for our teams. Some of the ox

teams failed before night, and we had to send back horses to help them up. As we were camping for the night, the four horsemen who left us in the morning came up and said that they had

not found the horses They went back almost to our last encampment, and were surprised by fifteen Pawnees, near a point of timber on the river. The Indians made a rush on them with a view

to getting their horses, but they leveled their pieces on them and beckoned to them to go back, which they did, and as they retreated, fired six guns at our men and then broke for the timber as hard as they could run. At Prairie Creek one of the

most valuable mares in camp was shot, through the accidental discharge of a gun.

28th. We crossed Prairie Creek this morning, and traveled

nearly south ten miles and struck the Platte, traveled about six miles up the river and camped upon a beautiful site, where we found excellent feed and a small stream of clear water running on the north side of what we supposed to be Grand Island. This is

probably from the river. The country we have passed over

today is the most beautiful I ever beheld. A continuous, unbroken

plain covered with green grass, from one to six inches high, as far as the eye can see in all directions, without any timber or other objects to obstruct the view, except the timber on Grand

Island, south of us.

29th, seven o'clock p. m. 1 am now watching my horses as

they fill themselves with rushes on the border of Grand Island.

Our camp is tonight on waters that are evidently out of the Platte above. The clear stream we camped on last night proved to be

Wood Creek, which we crossed after four miles'travel this morning, and have followed up about an equal distance between it and

Grand Island all day, having traveled about eighteen miles.

Wood Creek is a beautiful stream with gravel bottom, slightly scattered with timber as far as we have followed its course today, parallel with Grand Island, which is said to extend seventyfive miles. It (Grand Island) is mostly covered with rushes and the

timber usually found on the islands and bottoms of all these western streams.

(to be continued.)

The Missionary.

BY ELDER A. ROWLEY BABCOCK.

Though the missionary and the cause we represent are a bit unpopular, there are some opportunities that come in a "Mormon"boy's life that other boys do not have. There are some advantages in belonging to an unpopular sect. The individual or the

people who have to work agaiv.ft wrong impressions and prejudice,

gain an experience of men an! the realities of life in a way that

is not possible to gain under ordinary circumstances.

The missionary in his travels learns something of the commercial world and what governments and nations are doing.

To learn about farming and what plants have been made to produce, one can learn most about them by getting on the farm and working with plant life. In the same way more can be

learned about men and their religions by getting among men. We

can see in men's lives what their religion has done for them, hence man's spiritual ideas and aspirations are largely a product of his religion in the broader sense, and not religion,—to use

mere creedism.

This is where we have the missionary, today, in the great field of men, conversing with them, not on theological lore alone, but on ethics, education, and the great daily problems that are confronting peoples and nations. He meets aristocrats, and

comes in contract with college bred professionals with long titles.

We also find him down among the slums in the thickly populated tenement districts of the larger cities, talking with the people on subjects that concern them most in their everyday living. The

elder is on the ground, and can study the needs of the people from a close range. Often meetings are held in their crowded quarters,

THE MISSIONARY. 823

giving the missionary an excellent opportunity for real constructive work. He is not only uplifting those who are most in need,

but he is building character for himself at an enormous pace.

Not every fellow he meets is just as congenial as choice would be, but here a golden lesson is learned: to bear and for.

bear, to grant sincerity to others as he would like to be granted in turn. His faculty for reasoning necessarily has to broaden on

these occasions. This sort of work developes and brings to the

surface the best that is in a man, and crowds out all that is bad.

Not a few young men have come into the field void of any set aim in life. They haven't yet decided into which channel they

will let life's stream of efforts flow. The extreme necessity of

concentrating along some line of work, is realized, with the result that a decision is often made of how and where he will work. No

doubt the greatest upward step in the young man's life, is to have set out to accomplish a dreamed of goal, to have gotten under way. We have strong reasons to believe that more failures come

from illdirected energy than from lack of energy.

I recall how I used to look upon the returned missionary almost to envy his exalted ideals and development. To talk to

him, he wasn't the same old fellow; he made me feel my littleness

and inability to reason on the great subjects that are so interesting in life, I could see in my returned brother something that most young men feel deficient in: the art of expressing onesself

clearly and mingling among people without fear.

To have uplifted a few souls and shown them a better way, to have accumulated a store of rich experiences, and decided on a life's work, are excellent points gained; but perhaps the greatest

achievement of the missionary is that he has learned to love all his fellow men more dearly and become better acquainted with his God.

With the endless army of young men going and coming from the field of life's experiences, is there any reason why the "Mormon"people should not be better aquainted with the problems of life than any other people in existence?

Nkw Haven, CoNN.

Over the Plains.

BY MRS. JENNIE ALLRED.

Here are a few recollections of my journey across the plains.

It was in the year 1856; we were a company of zealous, good people, anxious to come to the land of Zion, the place appointed for

the gathering of the people of the Lord. We started from Florence, Nebraska, in the beginning of the beautiful month of June,

thankful to our Heavenly Father that we were on the way to

Zion, even if we had to pull hand carts to get there. It would be

impossible to tell all the incidents of the journey, but some things can never be forgotten, and are still fresh in my memory.

One evening we camped on the banks of the Sweetwater, near an Indian village. During the evening a squaw came to our camp

and wanted to swap her papoose for a white baby. Finding no

one willing to exchange babies, she went away to her own lodge, as we thought, but after awhile she came back and crept into the tent of Brother John Y. Smith, and stole their infant daughter

and left her own papoose in the bed, the white child being asleep.

Sister Smith soon discovered her child was gone. Brother Smith

and others started after the squaw in hot pursuit, and she was running with all her might to reach her tribe, but was overtaken, and the child restored to its weeping mother. The squaw was

compelled to content herself with her papoose, which was freely given to her. After that experience, parents were more careful

to watch their children when near an Indian village.

Soon after that, some Indian chiefs came to our camp to try to trade or buy some of the white girls, but there being none for sale, a trade was not made. However, a very strict watch was

kept over us to prevent us from being stolen by the Indians.

OVER THE PLAINS. 825

One time, when we were camped near Chimney Rock, a herd of Buffalo came in sight. Nearly every man in camp started

after the herd with some kind of a weapon to slay a buffalo.

The buffalo started to run, and the men after them. The animals

being quickest on foot, the tired men were soon compelled to give up the chase, without killing a single animal. There were Indians

close by who watched the unsuccessful effort of the handcart men to catch the buffalo. They laughed at them, and told them to

stay in camp, and they themselves would kill the buffalo. The

next morning they surprised us by bringing into camp two fine, fat buffalo, and gave them to our captain to distribute among the company. This he did. All the Indians asked in return was

their breakfast, consisting of strong coffee, pancakes and plenty of sugar, which was willingly given them. When we reached Fort

Bridger we had to cross Green river, and the news of the handcart company was such a novelty that all who heard of it came from the surrounding country to see what they supposed would be a grand sight, to witness the handcart women pull their carts across the river. In this, however, they were disappointed, for

not one woman had to wade the river. The married women were

taken across in wagons, and the girls were carried across by young, stalwart men of our own company.

When we reached Harris'Fork, about one hundred and fifty miles east of Salt Lake City, our provisions were nearly gone.

Our captain, a few days previous, had sent word to President Brigham Young, of the condition of our company. We waited there

until wagons with supplies came to our relief, and I can assure you we hailed them with delight! We did so appreciate the good

things they brought us, for we had lived several days on very short rations of thin flourmush, without salt. When President

Young heard of our condition, he kindly sent out six wagons loaded with all kinds of provisions, that served us very well for the remainder of the journey, which at this time was nearly drawing to an end.

We walked many miles in the heat of the day, footsore, weary and tired, but hailed with delight the end of each day, when we might camp on a cool riverside, or sit beneath the shade of a prairie tree. One may well believe that this was a boon to

826 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the weary ones, who generally made a march of twenty long miles each day before their hard day's work was done. Early and late

we traveled, pulling and pushing our handcarts. Day by day we

gathered buffalo chips, carrying them in our aprons to use for the fires by which we prepared our food. When night came on and

supper was over, we would gather around the camp fire and sing the songs we loved the best, until far into the night, when we retired. Each morning we were up with the first dawn of day,

again to pull and push our handcarts over the hills and the rocks, until it seemed that all our strength was gone. Some of the

younger ones, more brave than tired, often sang this inspiring song:

Some must push and some must pull,

As we go marching up the hill;

Merrily on the way we'll go, Until we reach the valley.

Thus for three months, day by day, we traveled along in the heat of the summer, full of hope and the spirit of the gospel, else we never could have endured the many trials incident to a journey like this across the plains, pulling a handcart.

Wallsbdrg, Utah,

Elder Alma Butler, writing from Olympia, Washington, May 13 ( says that the elders in that district have had cause to rejoice over the splendid success which has accompanied their labors, and especially with their street meetings on Saturday afternoons. Many farmers come into

the city on that day for supplies, the elders been have and t f literatheir distribute able to ture among them, thus having the gospel message carried to many parts of the newly settled country districts. The elders in the picture are, left to right: L. B. Wilson,

Oakley, Conference President 0. L. Dunn, Georgetown, Idaho; Alma

Butler, Ogden, W. J. Brady, Fairview, Utah.

Editor's Table.

True Love.

Now that the season of outings has arrived, a word or two to impress a more strict observance of the Sabbath day is in order.

Obedidence to the command of God as given in the 9th and 13th verses of the 59th section of the Doctrine and Covenants should be insisted upon by parents who love their children—parents who

love their children right, for there are two kinds of love. There

is an inordinate, inconsistent love which parents sometimes have for their children. It is weak and shortsighted, and has not

strength, righteousness, justice nor reason in it. And it is

against this kind of love that I want to raise a warning voice to the mothers and fathers in Israel. It may be illustrated by an

incident: "Papa, Saturday afternoon I have a half holiday, and I want to go up in the canyon and spend Sunday there."

Papa says: "Well, go on, my boy. I think you ought to go.

You ought to have a little rest.- You have had to work all

week; you have been engaged every day until Saturday afternoon,

and there is no time for you to get a little rest except for you to get off and spend Sunday in the canyon. My son, you may go."

Now, that is what I call "puppylove,"shortsighted, the very essence of weakness in love. True love, on the other hand,

consistent love, true and rightful appreciation of good principles, would cause the father to say to that boy: "My son, would you

think of going up the canyon Saturday night to spend Sunday there, perhaps hunting or fishing or lounging about, your example to be followed by others, and by your younger brothers and sisters, and you not be where you ought to be on the Sabbath day, and the people of the ward and your neighbors know where you are, and that you are absent? I cannot consent for you to go."

That answer implies true love. In this word of caution the

828 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

father would save his boy from contracting a habit of treating the

Sabbath day ligntly, and of not hallowing the Sabbath day, of making it a day of pleasure, recreation and amusement, away from the channels pointed out by the Lord in the revelation to which I have referred. The love which I speak of as "puppylove"is that

premature, immature love in which a parent enters into the plea of the child, and yields sympathetically to his argument.

But there is a duty also of the child in this connection. When

father says "No, my boy, do not do it. I cannot give you my consent,"the boy has a duty then to perform. He cheerfully says

to fathar, "If you say so, that ends it; I will not go. I would not

go a step unless I could do so with your approval."If you have

trained your children right, you will receive such an answer, and you thus reap your regard for such training. You rea'ize a blessing, in that you feel that you possess the love, confidence and

willingness to obey, of one you love more than you can tell.

Children sometimes wish to go off here and there, and they ask for money, more than they should have. It is a curse when

given to them. The money is often furnished by father, when he

ought to have stamina enough to say no to the child. And

young men and boys should have respect, reverence and obedience enough for father to cheeerfully accept the refusal. But often

the money is given, the children go out and become habituated to the ways of the world. They come in contact with the abominations of society, and by and by the boys and girls thus indulged by

their parents become devoid of faith, of love for the Church of

God, heedless to the convictions of the truthfulness of the gospel, and of everything that is good and wholesome, uplifting and Godlike, and they are smirched with the beggarly elements of the world.

Parents should early hold the reins tight, in kindness and true love, and should seek to reason with their children and show them why thir requests for money and Sabbath breaking should not be granted. You will perhaps not be able to convince them at

once, but by kindness and true love they will come to learn in time that you know better than they, and they will thank you for it, and say, "0 if papa had allowed me to have my way, where would

I have been now? But because he held his hand closely upon me,

EDITOR'S TABLE. 829

led me,used his fatherly care and love and guardianship over me, I now obey the gospel, I love my parents, I love the ordinances of the House of God, I love righteousness and truth, I love the people of God, and am one with them forever."

Children should not be allowed to run about spending father's money, nor be off at pleasure resorts, perhaps with strangers, and associatassociating with men and women unknown to them—girls

ing with men they do not know, and never saw before—being free

and unsuspecting in their natures, willing to accept the offers of courtesy and kindness—in a ball room, dance hall, theatre, or in

other places where they may happen to be, and the first thing they know, they are entrapped and ruined.

As parents we should see that the principles of the gospel are taught to our children, and accepted by them, that they may not be misled, tricked and led astray. More cases than one are

constantly coming to our notice where sons and daughters have been led astray through their being turned loose at night, going to miserable shows, dance halls, resorts, and cheap penny entertainments. Many of these abominable habits are started by failure to

properly observe the Sabbath day. Those who love their boys and

girls with a pure and true love—the love of father and mother which

is next to the love of God—will never permit them to be subjected

to things of this kind, and will not permit them in these general amusement places unless they or other reliable persons are along to protect them from the snares laid for their feet, and the pits dug for them to fall into.

On the Sabbath day we are commanded to go to the house of prayer, and to offer up our sacraments, thit we may more fully keep ourselves unspotted from the sins of the world. The father

and the mother who truly love their offspring will teach them these things, and the son and the daughter who truly love father and mother will cheerfully obey them and observe this commandment.

Joseph F. Smith.

"Mormonism."

"Mormonism"has for its basic principle the belief in God, the Creator of the world, and in his only begotten Son, Jesus 830 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Christ, who came and atoned for the sins of the world, and made it possible for man to triumph over death. "Mormonism"holds

to the doctrine of God as given in the Old and New Testatmnts of the Jewish scriptures, namely: the monotheistic conception of

the Deity, and the divinity of man. It maintains that God has

established his priesthood in different ages of the world's history, which gives to man the divine power to act in his name in all things pertaining to human activity, and especially those ordinances of baptism and the laying on of hands for the gift of the

Hcly Ghost, which gives to man the power to save himself. Acting in the name of God in the holy ordinances is the second great

basic principle of "Mormonism."It makes every man the agent

of the Most High unto himself and his fellow man. It brings man

into close harmony and union with God as an active worker for his own and for the world's redemption, through the grace of Jesus

Christ. "Mormonism"looks upon man as a divine Light and Power, endowed with these attributes in the eternal world before his birth into this life. He has the free will to determine his course

in this world and the world of the hereafter. "Mormonism"is,

therefore, dynamic and not static. It holds that God reveals himself to man, a r d in all ages man will receive new light and

understanding from the Divine Source. The eternal progress of

the race is assured through obedience to both divine and physical laws, which are revealed to men through inspiration and revelalation direct from God. God the Father is a God of order and

law, therefore true religion is the adapting of oneself to law and order, both of this world and of the universe.

"Mormonism"reiterates the teaching of the Old and New

Testaments that God in various times of the world's history has given to man his grace to act in his name. But down through

the ages since Christ lived, there has been a gradual leaving of the true course marked out by Jesus Christ, and although men since the days of Martin Luther have denounced the Roman Catholic church and the efficacy of its teachings, they have set up their own standards of religion and Christian ethics; and have not

learned God's fundamental laws of salvation as universal and absolute facts. While their methods produced independency of

EDITORS TABLE. 831

thought, that which man is so in need of, they did not assure man of eternal life and salvation. Luther claimed no direct revelation

from his Maker. Neither did Calvin or Knox or Zwingli or

Wesley. Their systems of religion and ethics are based merely

upon their individual interpretation of the holy scriptures. There is

nothing absolute in them. But to "Mormonism"there is an absolute

law. The claim of "Mormonism''is that Joseph Smith went before

his Father in humble prayer and asked for knowledge and truth. God

answered him directly, and gave him the holy priesthood, the key to divine and absolute knowledge, by sending John the Baptist, and Peter, James and John, resurrected beings, who conferred upon Joseph the holy and divine power of Aaron and Melchizedek.

In like manner was the priesthood of God given to man in ancient times. It must so be given in modern times.

To "Mormonism,"therefore, Jesus Christ is not a docetic man, but a divine, omnipotent man, with all the divine passions of a divine being. He lives in harmony with the laws of the universe, which he has learned through the experience both of this

life and the life of the hereafter. God the Father and Jesus

Christ, to the "Mormon"are real entities, intelligent, all love, all light. They are the acme of Divinity. This idea creates within

the mind of the believer a most high and splendid conception of life's meaning and mission. The divinity of man asserts itself

practically yet ideally, materially yet spiritually. "Mormonism"

makes of a man a utilitarianidealist. He sees the follies of man,

the condition of the race socially, the sorrows of the race economically, the sins of the race ethically. No religion on earth is so

great and broad in this regard.

Ethically, "Mormonism"stands for the highest interpretation of life. It sets up the most refined standards of purity, virtue,

intelligence and action. It is a complete system of scientific and

Christian ethics. All the cardinal virtues are held sacred; the sins

of the race, in the most loathsome horror. There is always a

power and light within man which gives him the right to designate between right and wrong.

Ethically, "Mormonism"lodges man's perspective in the eternal world of the hereafter. On the earth, it makes

a man a creator, a founder of human institutions on the cooper- 832 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ative plan, which develops the highest degree of altruism. Man

is a student of life in this - world making for an understanding of higher and greater realities, pertaining both to earth and heaven.

The intelligence expresses itself through the material universe.

The body of man, as well as the spirit, is therefore diVine. The

spirit and the body in perfection are the soul of man. "Mormonism''is for this reason the highest standard of ethical law in

existence. Activity of body and spirit must be along the highest

lint s of righteousness and purity, which bring him in time to a complete harmony of self with the natural laws in the spiritual and physical world. In man's adjusting himself to these laws he

becomes scientist, moralist, religionist and philosopher. He

attempts great things, he accomplishes much; he will accomplish

all things. "Mormonism"has attempted great works. It has

built and does now build up the social and economic life. It stands

for the highminded man. It stands by its ideals in the world of

mental and muscular activity.

"Mormonism"teaches man to look to the soil and the common pursuits of life. He is to take the earth and give it back to

God in its pristine glory. This will come through work on God's

great acreage. Man is of the soil. He lives by the products of

the soil. In his tilling it and making it useful to the highest

degree, he is redeeming it and preparing it for the return of its paradisic glory. Common man, then, has his part to play in

creating greater and better conditions economically, hence "Mormonism"teaches a true brotherhood and democracy among all men. Every person is a child of God and Light. He has his

part to play in the redemption of the soil. The land is his. Upon

it he builds his home, and as he comes to understand the earth, the physical laws of the universe, so does his home become better and his standards of life higher. As he makes the earth a paradise, so will he understand better and more fully the higher

things of life. The Latterday Saints, or socalled "Mormons,"

are homebuilders, for this reason. And with the home goes the

school and printingpress, the museum and the drama.

England's great poet has expressed this phase of philosophy in his Saul:

EDITOR'S TABLE. 233

I have gone the whole round of creation: I saw and spoke;

I, a work of God's hand for that purpose, received into my brain

And pronounced on the rest of his handiwork—returned him again

His creation's approval or censure; I spoke as I saw,

all is love, yet all's law. Reported, as man may of God's work—

"Mormonism"stands for the highest standard of intelligence.

Latterday Saints have ever stood for the highest resources for education, namely: the home, the church, schools, libraries, newspapers, magazines, museums, the drama, industry and government. No people have been greater builders of schools, libraries,

and museums, in comparison to their conditions and environment, than the Latterday Saints. They look to the man of science, the

man of books, the man of deep religious and philosophic truths.

The Latterday Saints have always had their schools. They established a university at Nauvoo, and the same university was continued in the establishment of the University of Deseret, now the

University of Utah, which was the first university established west of the Missouri river.

"Mormonism"has a great love for learning. Its philosophy

is that of the German Lessing: "The path by which the race

reaches its perfection, every man must sooner or later travel."

The dream of "Mormonism"is to make of each man and woman a reader and interpreter of life, a lover of books and a student of nature, its dream is to make for the glory of God, which is intelligence. "Mormonism"is the source of light and truth for

the world today and for all time. It is the gospel of salvation,

the gospel of Jesus Christ.

Levi Edgar Young.

One Hundred Years of Mexican Independence.

In the library of the national palace in Mexico City stands the busts of Mexico's four great liberators—Hidalgo, Morelos,

Juarez and Diaz. Who the fifth will be, who will rise phoenixlike

from the ashes of revolution and emancipate the peons, remains to be seen. Not here, nor in all Mexico, is there a monument

reared to the Conqueror Cortez. The Spaniard ground the quivering Indian under his ironshod heel, and he was flanked by two

884 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

dread allies—smallpox and the Catholic church. The former

killed off more of Montezuma's subjects than all of the white men's "thunder and lightning"(cannonading), and the latter affixed itself to the throats of the inhabitants, and was only with extreme difficulty detatched from it after three hundred yer.rs.

Strangely enough, it was a Catholic priest, Hidalgo, who one hundred years ago, with the bells of his parish church at Dolores sounded the death knell of Spanish rule in America. With

white hair, the brow of a scholar, and the eyes of a dreamer, at nearly sixty years of age, he embarked on the high emprize of freeing the Indians. His head, preserved in a glass case in the

cathedral, is the price he paid for the attempt. His, with the

skulls of his four leading generals, represent fifty thousand dollars, which was the price put upon them by the opposing Spanish general. The spitted heads once occupied iron cages of the Alhondiga, the building in Guanajuato which Hidalgo had once drenched

with the blue blood of Spaniards. Worldlywise with vast reading, the old priest, with ten thousand Indians, rose in revolt

against their Spanish masters. Their numbers soon swelled to

eighty thousand, and this unkempt horde sacked the Spanish cities.

Plunder and rapine followed in the wake of war, and when charged with cruelty and theft, Hidalgo lightly replied, "The Indians are merely taking back their own by the methods that the Spaniards taught them."

Very different is the bust of Morelos, a man of the common people, who swept the revolution on to success. Bullnecked and

brutejawed, the face is redeemed by deep, flashing eyes. The

upper part of the head is swathed in bandages, which he wore for incessant headache. A born soldier, he eliminated the rabble of

campstragglers that had followed the patriot priest, and confined himself to trained troops. He ruled by personal magnetism, and

could keep the starving inhabitants of a besieged city loyal to him till thev died, and one of his men went through the enemies'camp disguised as a hog to carry news to his master. He asked no quarter and he gave none. Rich Spanish landowners offered him foity

and fifty thousand dollars for their lives, but he refused them as he did the girl who came to beg for her lover's life. He wrote coolly

on her petition, "Let her seek a decenter swain."Like Hidalgo,

EDITOR'S TABLE. 835

he finally gave up his life to the cause, only as a further mark of ignominy, his executioners shot him in the back.

The next bust is that of Juarez, the fullblooded Zapotec

Indian. Of incorruptible integrity and bulldog tenacity, he threw

off the yoke of the Catholic church. As it possessed onethird of

the entire wealth of the country, he confiscated it to the government and used their own money to fight the clergy.

Porferio Diaz, with guerrilla warfare, drove out the French invaders that Louis Napoleon had sent over to Mexico to establish a French monarchy. Yet Mexico is not free. Her people have not

the ballot. For instance, Diaz maintained Don Luis Terrazes, the

cattle king, as governor of Chihuahua. In return, Terrazes, on

election day, would gather up some of his vaqueros and proceed to vote them for Diaz as president.

Still, brigandage no longer flourishes as it did in times past.

It is said that one coach load of people were held up and robbed three times on one journey. The first bandits they encountered

merely took their money, the second relieved them of their watches and jewelry, but the third, enraged at finding them without valuables of any kind, stripped them to the skin, and made off with their clothes. The dignified old Don, garbed in a sombrero and a straw mat, climbed up beside the driver, and for eight

hours the coach load made its embarrassed way, and in that condition finally drove into the courtyard of the Barranca inn.

Leaving aside political controversies, the new ruler of Mexico will come into a wonderfully picturesque land, bathed in sunlight and gorgeoushued. The people's love of color is illustrated by

the story of a woman who asked her husband to bring her home a reboso (scarf) from Mexico City, where he was going to sell his vegetables. She particularly impressed upon him that she wanted

it to be the color of the sky, which at sunrise when he set out was of a flaming red. He returned in the evening bringing, to her

great indignation, a scarf of dusky gray, which happened to be the color of the sky when he made the purchase.

An American coffeeplanter says:

"Superficially, Mexico is a prolonged romance. For even its

brutal realities—of which there are many—are the realities of

an intensely pictorial people, among surroundings that, to North836 IMPROVEMENT ERA

era eyes, are never quite commonplace. I once saw a plucky little

policeman shoot and kill an insanely drunken shoemaker, who, apropos of nothing except the fact that he was insanely drunk, had cut the throat of a young milkman. The policeman had pursued him in his mad flight for home, and just as they passed me

on a deserted street near the outskirts of the town, returned a quick stab in the stomach from the shoemaker's knife, (still reeking with the milkman's blood) by a revolver shot. They then

both collapsed in a mudpuddle, and to me was appointed the role of arousing the neighborhood, unbuttoning the policeman's clothes and slipping two pillows under his pale, brave head. The people

who emerged from their blue and pink and yellow and green houses at my alarm, (no one in Mexico is alarmed by the sound of firearms) the distracted widow—who, however, postponed complete

distraction until after she had carefully gone through her dead husband's pockets—the pompous arrival of the chief of police, the

color and costuming and arrangement of it all, were far too like the last scenes of Carmen or Cavalleria Rusticana to permit of one's experiencing any but an agreeable theatrical sensation of horror."At night, when a yellow moon suffuses the palms and the orange trees in golden glow, the band plays grand opera selections to an audience composed of sugarloaf hats, crimson scarfs, and fine eyes. The music 'crashes into the bullfight song from

Carmen, and thsre in the flaring park lamp struts the bespangled matador himself. The chorus is represented by dumpy, illshaped

girls in pink waists with scarlet geraniums in their hair, while tall villains, in stately Spanish capes, swagger past them. The gypsy

mother from Trovatore tranquilly puffs at a cigarette on a t park bench, while the pompous jefe for all the world looks like the gay

Lothario of a duke from Rigoletto, who thought that the heart of womankind was both cloying and worth spoiling. There are caballeros in skintight velvet breeches, decorated with silver; fierce

men with machetes, that one wouldn't like to meet on a lonely trail in the mountains; and a tall Hiawatha, turbaned in skyblue

and shrouded in crimson blanket and mystery. The men promenade two by two. in one direction, and the girls flock in the other;

EDITOR'S TABLE. 837

but though the eyes are eloquent, etiquette forbids that the tongue shall speak.

Elizabeth Rachel Cannon.

Messages from the Missions.

Elder Ezra F. Robertson and companions of Company A of the Central States Mission of Independence Conference closed a successful campaign, ab'mt the middle of February, the object of which was to visit

the small towns of western Missouri. They left many books and tracts

with the people, which will enlighten them on the cause of the Latterday

Saints. The people generally received their literature with courtesy

and consideration, expressing their willingness to make investigation.

Churches, schools and courthouses, as well as a number of homes, were opened to the elders for the purpose of holding meetings, and many

"campaign"elders op THE INDEPENDENCE CONFERENCE, MISSOURI.

Back row: E. F. Robertson, Park City, W. A. Jackman, Joseph, S. T.

Stapley, Toquerville, Elmer Jackson, Randolph, Utah. Second row: T. L.

Archibald, Teton, Idaho; Oliver Taggart, Smoot, Wyoming; Jos. D. Wilkins, (Conference President) Duncan, Arizona; George S. Bingham, Vernal,

Utah. Front row: M. L. Benson, Kamas, Utah; P. B. Robinson, Raymond, Canada.

838 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

who first opposed them, as they became acquainted, parted with them expressing their best wishes and God speed. "We feel that the Era is a

power in the earth for good."

Elder D. Dredge Thomas writes from Austin, Texas, April 29, that

the elders there have met with good success in Bell county, and many people have expressed the desire to learn more about "Mormonism."The elders have

been traveling without purse or scrip, finding that the b. st way

to deliver their message to the people. They have been well

taken care of, and have enjoyed the Spirit of the Lord in their work. They delivered seventyeight Books of Mormon, two

hundred and forty other books, and considerable other literature in the past two months. The names of the elders in Company B, West.

Texas conference are: standing, reading from left to right, George A.

Dixon, Maynard; David Roberts, Paris; D. Dredge Thomas, Malad, Idaho.

Sitting, Albert Sant, Clifton, Idaho, and Conference President Claud W.

Hawley, Monroe, Utah.

,...< v 1*is—irM-'.21**M *. 4 - J % iir'HW it** Ski e'"4

< 1 * 1

i,f -. fH 7 l|Pi|m 5\ v Vm r t

'i /'.'k '- -s * \ * %

8 i >* 9< - TV'1: - to i 1 'i at. j f f & $ 4wflfl BtaflB l&lVlmi,

-fS 4Hr!HR9P r i "*"*tt MilHHBMiW*-..

Elders David E. Quist, Carl 0. Peterson and J. Perry Erickson,

writing from Jonkoping, Sweden, April 27, state that they organized a

EDITOR'S TABLE. 839

good Sunday school last December, and enclose a picture of the members.

The branch is in a flourishing condition, regular meetings are being held at the headquarters, and also in the near surroundings, which are very well attended. Largely on account of the opposition that the elders have had

with the priests and the newspapers, they have made many friends who are searching for truth.

Elder P. A. C. Pederson, writing from Aalborg, Denmark, April 27,

calls attention to the conference held in that city on the 8th and 9th of

April. A session was held on Saturday night, at which the reports of

fifteen elders were given for the past six months, which showed that they had distributed 58,153 tracts, 1,358 books, visited 2,557 strangers'homes, and held 3,045 gospel talks. There were twentynine baptisms.

On Sunday morning the Sunday school gave a splendid p-ogram, and meetings were held again at 2 and 7. President Andrew Jenson of the

Scandinavian mission attended and held a special meeting, protesting against the recent slanders of the press and falsehoods of the priestsMany strangers were present. Two other protest meetings were held

in the branches of the conference. No disorder wa3 manifested, though

some opposition was experienced in one place. The elders are, top row,

left to right: Erastus Larsen, James P. Christensen, Hyrum Petersen,

Lorenzo Jensen, N. P. Jensen (visiting) Christen Jensen (visiting).

Middle row: Christen Christensen, Andrew M. Jensen, Jonathan C. Jensen, Carl C. Jensen, James M. Jensen, Stephen H. Chipman, Christian

Anderson. Front row: Andrew Jensen, Peter A. Pedersen, (Conference

Secretary), Richard C. Miller (Conference President), Andrew Jenson,

(Mission President), Victor Mountsen and George S. Sanders.

840 IMPROVEMENT ERA,

The portrait herewith represents the two glee clubs of Jacksonville,

Florida. Sister Dulcia Webb, a lady missionary from Lehi, has

trained them in a most skilful and successful manner. They furnish

special vocal selections at the regular services and at social gatherings, too. The idea should stimulate such worthy endeavors in other branches,

and we therefore take pleasure in giving the picture a place in the Era.

The glee clubs, we are told by President C. A.:Callis, are entirely composed of local talent, and Sister Webb has rendered excellent services to

the work in organizing these clubs and training them. The names of the

men from left to right are: Charlie Kreel, Clifton Gundstaff, Harry Colby,

Floyd Cordell, Albert Rudd. The ladies: Edna Hill, Nellie Hill, Georgie

Crodell, Mabel Roberts, and Janie Hill. Sister Webb in corner.

Elder Edwin D. Hatch, branch president of Barnsley conference,

Yorkshire, England, says that notwithstanding the present opposition the work of the Lord is prospering in that district about the same as formerly. At a district meeting

held recently over a hundred people attended, many of them being investigators. The elders are, top

row, left to righb: Thomas C.

Parkin, Woods Cross, Utah; Seth

Budge, Paris, Idaho. Bottom row:

Branch President Edwin D. Hatch,

Heber, and William S. Thorley,

Cedar City, Utah.

Priesthood Quorums'Table.

Good Results of Priesthood Work.—In a recent report, at a

stake priesthood meeting of the Granite stake, Elder J. W. Musser, of the

High Council, stated that since the inauguration of the priesthood movement in that stake there has been manifest among the young men a spirit of obedience, and of wanting to assist in work in gathering fast donations, the administering of the sacrament, the cleaning up of public meeting places and grounds, in teaching, baptizing, in the general upholding of the priesthood, and in taking responsible places in the work of the Lord. He saw, too, that the young men were better Sunday

school and Mutual Improvement association workers, and that they were generally growing in the spirit and desire to sustain the bishops and the authorities of the Church. Besides, there is a spirit of reverence and

obedience, not so prominent before.

To the Seventies.—From information obtained from presidents of

quorums of seventy, it appears that in some localities members of quorums are inclined to absent themselves from quorum meetings. One

excuse for this, as given by some very good men, is that often being in attendance at class meetings in the ward where they reside, they see no necessity for a quorum meeting. It is a matter of regret that such views

should obtain anywhere, for class meetings can never take the place of quorum meetings. The commandment of God is that the presidents of

quorums shall sit in council with the entire number of the quorum, presiding over them, and teaching them according to the covenants. For

the convenience of men who belong to quorums that are widely scattered, and who could not come together frequently for instruction, owing to the distance to be traveled, a system of ward priesthood meetings has been introduced by the presiding authorities of the Church which divides quorums that are located in more than one ward into ward classes; but

this arrangement does not contemplate excusing men from coming together in quorums as the Lord has commanded. Presidents of seventy

are expected to hold quorum meetings regularly with the members of their respective quorums. The members should be \o\ al to the quorum as

a whole, and feel that their presence at quorum meeting, instead of being considered of secondary importance, should have first place. Every

seventy should endeavor to so plan his work and business engagements that he can be free to meet with his associates in quorum capacity, thus fulfiling the commandment of God in regard to quorum meeting. Members of classes should understand that no official quorum work can be

842 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

accomplished by any class, unless the class embraces the entire membership of the quorum. Members of quorums should be anxious to build up

and bind together in fraternal brotherhood the membership of the quorum to which they belong, and should frown down anything tending to the losing of quorum identity. Be in attendance at class meetings, but let

not the lesser meeting be an excuse for absence from your quorum gathering.

Class Work should be Continuous.—Presidents of seventies'

quorums have asked of the First Council: How long do you recommend

the seventies to continue their class work? The presiding council is

in harmony with the views of the General Priesthood Outlines Committee of the Church as set forth in a report to the General Priesthood of the

Church at the meeting in Salt Lake City, April 7, 1911, which report was unanimously adopted. In it these views are expressed, relating

to class meetings We deplore the custom that exists in some stakes, of adjourning for a long period during the summer. If the labors of brethren in agricultural communities do not permit of a meeting on a week night, during

their busy season, we feel that sometime on Sunday should be arranged for taking up the lessons, so that in every week of the year a meeting may be held for study and preparation for duties of the priesthood. Any

break in the classes causes a loss of interest and seriously detracts from the success of the outline work.

The First Council are united in urging all seventies throughout the

Church to continue their class meetings wherever possible, without summer vacation. Quorums of seventy will please the Presiding Council if

this be done even in those wards where the quorums have decided to take a hot weather recess. The responsibility rests upon the various councils

and quorum members, in case the ward priesthood quorum adjourns for a season, to determine whether the seventies shall discontinue their weekly meetings or not. It is hoped that many of the classes may be

able, through arrangement with the local authorities, to meet at some hour during the Sabbath day to continue the class work without cessation. Presidents of quorums are not to undertake to adjourn

seventies classes, as long as the ward bishopric continue the weekly priesthood meetings. The First Council hold that these weekly meetings

are convened under the call of the various bishops, in accordance with instructions given them by the First Presidency of the Church, and it is not the prerogative of any quorum or class to decide in opposition to the wishes of the bishop to discontinue for a time their class work. The

members of all seventies classes should be ambitious to continue their work at least as long as any other classes.

Mutual Work.

Wasatch Stake Track Meet.

E. Parley Cliff writes from Heber of the first annual M. I. A. track

meet of the Wasatch stake, held May 20, under the stake Athletic Committee, at the Heber City base ball park. The picture shows

the winning team, Heber 3rd ward. Top row, left to right:

Alden Averett, Jowett A. Fortie,

Albern Tangren. Bottom row:

Elliott Giles, Maurice Cluff. The

hundred yard dash was won by Fortie, Lawrence Epperson, Midway 2nd ward, and Averett coming in second and third.

HEBER TEAM. Fortie also won the 220 yard

dash.Tangren and Epperson coming second and third. Tangren won the quartermile run, Cluff and

Paul Buys making second and third. The half and mile run were both

won by Guy Coleman, Elliott Giles and Pratt Duke (Heber 1st ward) coming in second and third. Broad jump, J. Averett, first; Epperson, second; Fortie, third. High put, J. Averett, first; Alma Carlisle (Heber

2nd) second; Verg. Fraughton (Heber 1st) third. Pole vault, Francis

Carlisle (Heber 2nd) first; Lynn Clyde, (Heber 1st) second; Forest Dayton, (Heber 2nd) third. Relay race, Heber third ward team. Summary,

Heber 3rd ward, 38 points; 1st ward, 21; 2nd ward, 9; Midway 1st ward,

10; 2nd ward, 7. Ribbons were awarded each point winner.

Millard Stake M. I. A. Day.

The M. I. A. of Millard stake held an M. I. A. "day"at Hinckley,

on May 9, 10, 11, 12, 1911, at which there were oratorical contests 844 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

recitations, music, storytelling:, basket ball and track and field events.

Also a debate on the subject of "Resolved, that the United States Senators should be elected by the direct vote of the people."The affair

closed with a grand ball Thursday evening. Both the Young Ladies and

the Young Men's associations took part. Elder B. S. Hinckley of the

General Board Y. M. M. I. A. was present during the last day. Altogether some fifteen hundred people from different parts of the stake

attended the gathering, and it was pronounced one of the most entertaining and instructive social and literary affairs and athletic meets ever held in that stake.

Uintah Stake Field Meet.

Superintendent Pontha Calder, of Vernal, Utah, gives an account of the Uintah stake M. I. A. field meet, held May 12. All the events were

hotly contested. The Uintah Stake Academy brass band made the air ring

with music. The most exciting game of the day was the ball game

between the Ute Indians and the Uintah ball team, which resulted in the victory for the Indians with a score of 12 to 8. The Indians have

played together for several years, and play good ball. The basket ball

game was good. The champions are shown in the picture. Some fast

sprinting was done in the races, and excellent scores made in the field events. Everybody was pleased with the day's entertainment, and many

were the requests for similar events every year.

UINTAH M. I. A. BALL TEAM AND THE UTE INDIANS.

UINTAH STAKE CHAMPION BASKET BALL TEAM.

Alpine Stake Activities.

The third annual M. I. A. track meet of Alpine stake Y. M. M. I. A.

was held at Pleasant Grove, May 17, 1911, 2 p.m., the three athletic

districts of the stake competing. Lehi, four wards, and Cedar Valley,

comprising District No. 1, won 56 points to their credit, and wtre

awarded a penant; American Fork, four wards, and Alpine, District No.

2, won 16 points; and Pleasant Grove, three wards, Manila and Linden,

District No. 3, won 36 points. Solid gold stick pins were awarded to

individual winners, with ribbons, and were much appreciated. The day

was ideal, and the meet was most successful. A large amount of new

material was brought in, and some very good records were made. Davis,

of District No. 1, won the hammer throw at 139 feet 6 inches, which

beat the stake high school record: and H. Goodwin of District No. 1, pole

vaulted at 11 feet. Coach Roberts said in a year or two, he will make

12 feet, which will be a new state record. The meet was pulled off in

846 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

record time, everything having been well arranged beforehand. Only

active.enrolled members, enrolled prior to April 10, were allowed to compete ki this year's meet. A stake M. I. A. dance in the Orpheus hall was

given in honor of the athletes that evening. This information is given

the Era by Stake Secretary J. E. Standring.

CHAMPION BASE BALL TEAM, FOURTH WARD, SALT LAKE CI1Y, AND

CHAMPIONSHIP CUP, PRESENTED BY C. S. MARTIN

COAL CO., 1910, FOR PIONEER STAKE.

Top row, left to right: Jesse Holt, Art. Sperry, Leo Sperry, A. A. Duncan, (Second Counselor Stake Superintendency), W.A.Howard, (Stake

Superintendent), C. S. Hyde, Perry Egan, George Williams. Bottom

row: Rulon Sperry, Fred Egan, Ralph Sperry, J. D. Bowers (First Counselor, Stake Superintendency). Sitting: ThanWilliams.

General M. I. A. Annual Field Day.

The results of the first annual Y. M. M. I. A. Interstake track

meet at Wandamere, June 3, were pronounced successful in every respect. The day was ideal, the attendance fair, and much interest was

shown. The first M. I. A. record was made, and medals, suitably

J

MUTUAL WORK. 847

engraved, were awarded the winners among the fourteen stakes which entered.

J. Wignall, of Nebo, headed the list of point winners, capturing

first in the pole vault, second in the 440yard run, and third in the 220yard dash. The Nebo stake boys carried off first honors with 33 points

to their credit. Millard stake came second with 22 points, and Salt Lake

was third with 12 points. Liberty stake crowded Salt Lake by making

11 points, while Oneida came fifth with 8 points, and Granite stake received sixth place with 7 points.

Medals were given to the winners, the presentation being made by

Chairman Lyman R. Martineau. One of the features of the meet was

the 440yard run. B. Robbins of Liberty Stake, and J. Wignall of

Nebo stake ran a dead heat, and in the second run off Robbins won.

Joseph Smith, the wellknown L. D. S. U. athlete, who has been

out of the game for several years, appeared on the field and took first place in the shot put, making a mark with a 12pound weight of 43 feet 1 inch. C. Lund of Salt Lake, came second with 39 feet 5 inches, and

C. Russell, of Granite, third.

A summary of finals in field events:

100yard dash—F. Gallacher and L. Simmons, dead heat; A. Robinson second; time 10:1.

880yard run—H.Simmons, Payson, won; A. Roper of Millard stake,

second; A. Ramseyer third; time 2:16|.

120high hurdles—A. Belnap won; A. Huntsman second; Horace

Higgs, third; time, 17:2.

220yard dash—F. Gallacher won; A. Robinson, second; J. Wignall

third; time 22:4.

220yard low hurdles—L. Simmons, won; A. Belnap, second; time

27:2.

One mile run—A. Roper won; R. F. Lambert, second; time 5:27J.

440yard run—B. Robbins, won; J. Wignall second; time, 58:4.

Running high jump—G. Labrum won; A. Robison, second; A. Huntsman, third; height—5 feet 7 inches.

12pound shot put—Joe Smith, won; Cannon Lund second; C. Russell, third; distance 43 feet one inch.

Pole vault—J. Wignall won; Cannon Lund second; E. Beesley third;

height 10 feet 2 inches.

Running broad jump—H. Simmons won; A. Huntsman, second; L

Simmons, third; distance 20 feet 3 inches.

Relay race—Liberty stake won; Payson second; time 1:38

Officers of the day were: Fred Bennion, referee; F. Bassett, 0. B.

848 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Gringrich, W. S. Hedges, H. M. Smith, judges of finish; Dr. C. G.

Plummer, starter; Fred Saxon, S. Olsen, and J. D. Bowers, field judges;

John G. Giles, scorer; J. E. Moss, R. H. Siddoway and Thomas Hull,

field judges; Stephen L. Richards, scorer; D. A. Callahan, William G.

Sears, and G. Morris, timers; William Service, Robert Richardson, and

Reeve Richardson, clerks of course; B. F. Grant, Sylvester Cannon, L. R.

Martineau, marshals; Oscar Kirkham, announcer; Leroy Mulliner,

chief scorer; A. E. Cranney, T. Bennett, and E. Horsley, inspectors.

It is not claimed by Chairman Lyman R. Martineau and the athletic

committee that the speed of this meet was satisfactory, as compared with other like events under the auspices of our large educational institutions. Too little time was taken in preparation. But they expect that

the meet next June will show records and results worthy the talent which is so plentiful in the stakes and wards of the Church.

The Daynes Trophy.

A beautiful silver loving cup known as the Daynes trophy was presented to the Y. M. M. I. A. Athletic League by the Daynes Jewelry

Company to be contested for in competitive games by the four Salt Lake stakes. The contest for 1911, which resulted in Salt Lake stake winning the championship, was held in the Deseret Gymnasium under the

direction of Physical Director W. E. Day. The contes f s consist'of running, jumpir.g and basket ball. The cup which is valued at $100 must be

won three different times by a stake team, not necessarily in succession, when it becomes the permanent property of the stake so winning it. The

cup is on permanent exhibition at the Deseret Gymnasium.

A Commendable Activity in Liberty Stake.

The Mutual Improvement Associations of Liberty stake, Salt Lake

City, are vigorously carrying on a campaign for cleaner and prettier front and back yards. The campaign was started as the result of a

meeting held by the boards of the young men and the young Udies several months ago, in which meeting the following question was asked:

"What particular features stand out most boldly in Liberty stake?"

Someone suggested, in answer to this question, that the most prominent feature of Liberty stake was its many beautiful and wellkept homes.

Immediately committees were appointed and set to work., with the result

MUTUAL WORK. 849

that some three hundred dollars were obtained for prizes for best front and back yards. The prominent merchants throughout the stake and

city gave liberally towards this fund, as will be noted by the awards presented. During the latter part of June the young men and

young ladies boards of the stake, who, by the way, are very much united in this project, went around the stake and acted as a committee of awards. Persons in the stake desiring to compete for the various

prizes handed in their names to the chairman of the committee,

Mr. Orson H. Hewlett, who has been untiring in pushing the contest. A

schedule of points was decided on by the committee, and will be used in obtaining the percentage in good pnnts. This movement has

created quite a stir throughout the entire city, and many wards in other stakes have asked to be allowed to enter the competition. The movement has created employment for the young people during the summer

months, and besides will be most beneficial from a sanitary point of view. Places which for years have not been cleaned are now in the very

HOME OF ORSON H. HEWLETT, CHAIRMAN BEAUTIFICATION

COMMITTEE, LIBERTY STAKE.

850 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

best condition. Later on, pictures will be shown illustrating the

good accomplished and the premium place and cups.

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistics.

From the annual statistical report of the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Associations for the year ending April 30, 1911, presented at the June conference by General Secretary Moroni Snow, it appears that there are 666 associations, an increase of 11 over 1910; 512 of

these are graded, an increase of 40. The number of permanent members

enrolled is 33,919, an increase of 1,176. The active enrolled membership is 23,820, an increase of 1,048. There were 1,259 members on

foreign missions, an increase of sixteen over last year. The average

weekly attendance at meetings was 14,750 which is an increase of 1,244. During the year, 27,611 meetings were held, an increase of

1,767. The conjoint meetings increased by 416 over last year, and the

athletic meets numbered 674, an increase of 241. There were 1,218

public lectures, debates, contests, concerts, etc., as against 1,085 for

1910, an increase of 133. There was an increase of 166 in missionary

visits by ward M. I. A. officers, a total for the past year being 3,324.

On the contrary, the visits of the stake officers decreased by 430, the total number being 2,860. The number of members who read any or all

of the reading course books was 1,954, an increase of 38. There are

1,406 books of the reading course in the libraries of the associations, in which there are 14,250 volumes, valued at $8,744.34.

M. I. A. Annual Conference.

The minutes of the annual M. I. A. conference will appear in the

next number of the Era, and some of the talks and papers on Mutual work will be printed from time to time, as we find space. Active and

progressive M. I. A. officers and members will keep in close touch with

Mutual work by reading the Improvement Era.

Passing Events.

Sir William S. Gilbert, author of Pirates of Penzance, Patience

and Pinafore, died May 29, seventyfour years of age.

A Memorial to Queen Victoria was unveiled May 16, at Buckingham Palace. The statue is of marble and represents the queen sitting enthroned and dressed in robes of state.

The Utah Independent Telephone Company was sold at auction, June 5, to the Rocky Mountain Bell Telephone Company, for $1,200,000, without the secondary franchises. The two plants will be

consolidated as soon as possible.

Beautiful Hotel Utah opened its doors at 8 o'clock Friday morning, June 9. The structure complete marks an expenditure of two million for construction, $300,000 in furnishings, and dollars—$1,500,000

$200,000 for a light, heat and power plant. It is one of the great hotels

of the United States, and signals a new era for Salt Lake City and Utah, in their relations to the traveling public.

A Utah granite memorial monument to the late President John

R. Winder was unveiled May 30, in the Salt Lake City cemetery, and

dedicated by President Joseph F. Smith, in the presence of the Winder

family and many Church officials, including the First Presidency. President Anthon H. Lund delivered an address, and the Temple choir furnished sweet music.

The Commercial Bank of Tooele was robbed, on June 7, of nine thousand dollars stolen from the vault by two men who covered

Cishier S. I. Shafer with revolvers, as he was about to close the vault for

the night, dragged, bmnd and gagged him, and locked him in the rear room, then walked calmly from the bank and made for the foothills. Sj

far they have not been apprehended, though two suspects were arrested

June 10, John Vining and John Castle, the former twentynine and the latter fortyfour years of age.

Carry A. Nation, made famous because she began a campaign in

Wichita, Kansas, December 17, 1900, against the saloons, by smashing furniture and windows with a hatchet, died in Leavenworth, Kansas,

June 9. Carry Moore was born in Kentucky, in 1846, and in early life

married a man who became a drunkard. When he died, she determined

852 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

to devote her life to the suppression of the liquor traffic and the tobacco habit. With her favorite hatchet she left a trail of ruined barrooms in

the state of Kansas, wherever she unheralded appeared. She was married to David Nation, in Kansas City, who divorced her ten years ago.

The University of Utah lost its suit, begun nearly "four years ago, against the Montello Salt Company, in the United States Supreme

Court, May 29, for title to large tracts of salt lands, under an act of

Congress granting the state of Utah lands for university purposes. The

district and state supreme courts had both decided for the University.

The salt beds in question are said to be so extensive that had the suit been favorable to the state.the University would have been richly endowed.

The Elsinore chapel was dedicated on Sunday, May 2L. There

were five hundred and seventyfive people present, the largest audience ever gathered in Elsinore, Utah. The dedicatory prayer was offered by

President Joseph F. Smith. President Anthon H. Lund and President

Smith later addressed the people on prohibition and the evils of the saloon, the proper training of the young people, and the living of exemplary lives. The beautiful new chapel cost $13,600, out of which the

Church paid $5,500 and the ward the remainder. The ladies of the ward

paid $1,250, by the sale of eggs laid on Sundays.

Lehi has celebrated a Homecoming, devoting a week to the functions. There were at least six hundred former residents, since the

city's settlement in 1850, who "came home''during the week June 5-12.

The town was decorated in white and blue. There we e visitors

from Canada to Mexico, from nearly every intermediate western state.

The programs, in the daily reminiscent meeting, over which not a few of the old bishops of Lehi presided, were full of interesting incidents of early history and people. Presidents Joseph F. Smith and Anthon H.

Lund and Governor William Spry were among the speakers. Band and

choir concerts, base ball games, young and married people's dances, and oldtime parties, theatrical entertainments, organ recitals, band music, and a large number of family reunions, were features of the occasion.

Friends and relatives met in glad association after many years of separation. Every home was open to the visitors; there was no graft; everything was free; and everybody had the "time of their lives."

The launch "Galilee,"Captain Edwin G. Brown, capsized in

Utah Lake on Sunday, June 4, in nine feet of water, with sixteen passengers aboard. Six of them were drowned, and ten rescued after great

suffering. Three of the drowned were children of Captain Brown—

Vera M.,age 21;|Frank, age 24; and Helen E., age 19; and a fourth

PASSING EVENTS. 853

was his intended sonin-law, Edward B. Holmes, age 26, who was

engaged to Vera to be married June 21. The other two were Benjamin

W. Raymond, age 36, and his fiveyear old son Sherwood, all of Salt

Lake City. The bodies were later all recovered. The party was celebrating in honor of the coming marriage of Mr. Holmes and Vera Brown.

The boat suddenly capsized, for what cause will never be known, as

Captain Brown, a trustworthy sailor for twentythree years, can give no explanation of the terrible calamity, which has elicited for the sufferers the sympathy of the people of the whole state.

The Third Housekeepers'Conference of the Home Economics

Department of the Agricultural College of Utah, at Logan, was held

June 19 to July 1. It is designed to aid the women of Utah in their

household needs. The first week of the course was devoted to lectures

in sewing; the second week's Cjurse consisted of instruction in cooking

and laundry work. Miss Caroline L. Hunt, expert in nutrition, office of

Experiment Station, Washington, D. C, gave a practical lecture, daily,

on such topics as choosing the home, saving steps, simplicity in house furnishing, planning meals, public housekeeping, etc. Members of the

regular faculty of the College lectured on subjects such as, use of color jn the home, house planning, the kitchen, clean milk, sanitation for town and country, dress, etc. This new movement for housekeepers to take a

week or two to study their work, is in keeping with the necessities of the home. The conference is designed to aid the women of the state, by

giving them information and a new point of view, in their occupation.

The profession of homemaking has taken upon itself added interest among those who attended.

New Wards and Changes for the month of May, 1911, as reported by the Presiding Bishop's office: Jos. Levi Staples was sustained as bishop of Elsinore ward, Sevier stake, to suiceed J*H3 I. Jensen; John J. C. Webster, as bishop of the Cedar East ward, Parowan

stake, to succeed Henry T. Lunt; James P. Jensen, bishop of the Sanford ward, San Luis stake, to succeed William 0. Crowther; William 0.

Crowther was sustained as first counselor in the presidency of San Luis stake; Thomas Halls was sustained bishop of the Mancos ward, San Juan

stake, to succeed George Halls; Samuel S. Sadorus, as presiding ekhr of

the Sarilda branch, Yellowstone stake; Sarilda branch was organized in

the Yellowstone stake, dependent upon Oraward; William H.Gardner

was sustained as bishop of the West Jordan ward, Jordan stake, to succeed John A. Egbert; H. C. Heley was sustained a* presiding elder of

the Green River branch, Carbon stake; James W. Davis, as bishop of the

Clifton ward, Oneida stake, to succeed E. G. Farmer; Jesse Ray Pettit.

bishop of the Fifth ward, Pioneer stake, to succeed S. M. T. Seddon;

.

854 IMPR VEMENT ERA

Aaron Hardy, stake clerk of North Sanpete, dead, and Peter Matson was sustained as acting stake clerk in his stead; Wilford C. Nuttle was

released as ward clerk of the Cherry Creek ward, Milad stake; Oscar

Atkinson was released as stake clerk of the Holbrook ward, Malad stake;

John Weech was sustained as ward clerk of the Pine Groveward, Union stake, to succeed Chis. I. Goff; Chas. W. Welker. as ward clerk of the

Auburne ward, Star Valley stake, to succead Daniel T. Wood; Henry J.

Hauser, as ward clerk of the Trentoa ward, Bensoi stake; Basil De

Witt, ward clerk of Sarilda branch, Yellowstone stake; Richard Daniels,

ward clerk of Mercur ward, Tooele stake, to succeed Alex. Moss; John C.

Russell, ward clerk of St. Johns ward, Tooele stake, to succeed William

McFarlane; Hyrura W. Maughan, ward clerk of Kimball ward, Alberta

stake] to succeed Robert Sherwood; Frank B. Wood, ward clerk of the

Cedar East, Parowan stake, to succeed S. J. Foster.

Affairs in Mexico came to a climax on May 26, when President Diaz having resigned the presidency the day previous, secretly left the city at 2 o'clock a. m., bound for Vera Cruz, and took the ship Ypiranga on the

30th for Spain. Francisco Leon de la Barra, formerly Ambassador at

Washington, was inaugurated provisional president, the ceremony occupying ten minutes. Minister Jose Yves Limantour resigned his office on

the 25th, and turned over to the new subsecretary of the treasury,

Jaime Guerza, $60,400,000 in gold, and all other, government funds, taking receipt therefor. Madero resigned his office on the 26th a3 provisional president, and in a manifesto declared the complete triumph of

the revolution, and that in the new government there would be justice equally for the rich and poor. De La Barra was given office "solely with

the idea that he might serve his country as an intermediary between the despotic government of General Diaz and the eminently popular government which will result from the coming general election,''October 1.

Francisco I. Madero will be the leading candidate for president. He left

Ciudad Juarez for Mexico City—after narrowly esc iping assassination at a

ball, June 1—on June 2, arriving triumphantly on the 7th, being

received with frenzied shouts of "Viva Madero."He was met by President De la Barra, and the two embraced in characteristic Mexican fashion. Madero will stay as advisor of the president until the details of

the reorganization of the government are arranged. On the early morning of the same day that he arrived in Mexico City, there was a terrific

earthquake in the city and other places. Nearly two hundred people lost

their lives, and much property was destroyed. The volcano Colima is

jn active eruption, and showers of ashes smothered the country for miles around. The states of Colima and Jolisco are reported as having suffered

most. 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1

1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1

OUR NEW CATALOG WILL END YOUR WONDERING f AND TELL YOU WHERETO GET ANY t

THING FOR ANY SPORT IN ANY SEASON SEND POSTAL FOR ONE—IT IS FREE

i BROWNING BROS. CO. OGDEAH

I 1 1 I 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I I I I i 1 1 1 1 1 i | | | | I 1 1 1 1 i I I i I I 1 1 1 1 i I I 1 1 M

WE PAY 6% PER ANNUM INTEREST ON DEPOSITS

Commercial Savings Benefit Co.

201 Constitution Building, Salt Lake City. Utah

D. J. WILLIAMS, Manager

ELECTRICTo Galitornia VIA BLOCK

SIGNAL PROTECTION Daily When You Travel Only 24 hours to reach the land of

SUNSHINE AND ORANGES EAST THE AMERICAN EXPRESS, leaving VIA City

Salt j-iake City at 3:00 p. m., arriving Los Angeles 2:30 p. m. Ticket

THE LOS ANGELES LIMITED, leavOffice ing Salt Lake City at 5:00 p. m.,

arriving Los Angeles 4:30 p. m. 156

Handling through Standard and Main Tourist electric lighted sleepers, and dining car service of the highStreet order. est

THE OVERLAND LIMITED, leaving Salt Lake City 11:50 p. m.,

handling Day Coaches, Free Reclining Chair Cars, Standard and "The Overland Route"Tourist Sleepers and Diner.

See Agent, No. 169 Main St., for Four trains daily over one of the

rates and reservations, or write Best ballasted tracks in the country in the most comfortable cars

T. C. PECK, G. P. A., money and care can provide.

Los Angeles. This assures - -

J. H. MANDERPIELD, A. G. P. A., TRAVEL COMFORT

Salt Lake. TRAVEL SAFETY

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

1 1 1 1 1

DRINK FOR HEALTH

To those whose nerves are weak and irritable who want to gain vigor and health from the things say, they drink—we

DRINK Koffe=et "IT BUILDS YOU UP"Koffeet is made of zchole grains and fruits, it is not like any other drink and is guaranteed pure and wholesome.

Your grocer sells it. 25c a package.

Made bx College Pure Food Co., Logan, Utah.

THIS SPACE RESERVED FOR FOR SALE

Reiser's Jewelry Store JOSEPH SMITH AS SCIENTIST Cloth. 75 c Paper, 25 c.

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET OLDEST IN UTAH

JOSEPH SMITH ESTABLISHED IN I860 By his Mother

Cloth, $1.00. Morocco Gilt, $2.50 Mail orders solicited

Send order* to 2022 Bishop's Eu'lJing S It Lake City 1 2 E. First South Salt Lake City

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1 I I I I I 1 1 1 a 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1

!! EVERYTHING THE FARH FOR Agents for Franklin, Exclusive Overland Automobiles. Velie and

CONSOLIDATED WAGON & MACHINE CO

LEADING IMPLEMENT VEHICLE HARDWARE AND

AUTOMOBILE DEALERS Utah, Idaho, Wyoming & Nevada GEO. T. ODELL, General Manager

t I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1 t I I I M r * i (Wktn writing to Advertiser*. p) mention th K