J#&**

m%,'

The Improvement Era September 1958

Easygliding, sturdy Fuller Trimview Sliding Glass Doors combine with glass windowwalls to make this living room big as all outdoors.

CALIFORNIA'S NOTED MACKAY HOMES SHOW YOU how to bring outdoors indoors (and vice versa)

WITH FULLER TRIMVIEW SLIDING GLASS DOORS

On the sunny San Francisco Peninsula, builder John C. Mackay takes W. P. FULLER & CO. PRODUCTS

full advantage of our western climate with homes which have won FOR COMFORT AND BEAUTY INCLUDE:

several coveted National Homes Awards and the Parents'Magazine

Sliding EncloDoors, Trimview Shower Doors and Tub is Fuller interesting features homes'Award. Trimview One of

sures glazing Lifetime Fuller all windowwall Mirrors Sliding sliding the lightweight, Glass doors allaluminum Doors—his

Fuller Fuller Fuller Medicine Paints Cabinets Louvre of qualities other. with a combination unmatched by any

Windows Pittsburgh Glass Products

In your own home, too, you'll find Trimview Doors one of the most interesting elements in the house—whether you're building or remodeling. There are many types in a variety of price brackets. AH

panels slide, whispersmooth. They're lifetime rugged. They have

improved, continuous weatherstripping and a special finish for high corrosion resistance. Sliding screens come in matching finishes. For FULLER

colder climates, you can get Twinpane Doors. Find out how much PAINTS GLASS

Trimview can do for your home. See your Fuller Dealer soon.

'..:.:.:!.::

lllllll'"Enjoy the flavor Jlllf of the exotic South Sea Islands

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Oldest Cookbook?

Likely the oldest cookbook of rec-. ord is a Chinese ry

one compiled by the Emperor Shen Nung [Circa 2700 extended and BC] CREMEFUL new cookie the Cantonese by chefs I Li, Li Chi, and Chou Li [3rd Dynasty 1122256 B.C.]. In those

days dishes were given poetic names; for example,

pigeon's eggs soup was "golden moons on a silver sea."

Water for Work and Health World War II studies by physiologists under the leadership of Professor E. F. Adolph resulted in some

interesting conclusions on the use of water by man in the desert. A man

needs all the water he drinks. So

long as he craves it, his body is making use of it. No advantage is

known to result from water restriction. Man cannot be trained to

maintain himself on little water.

The man who drinks water while working uses no more water in the end than he does if forced to wait until after work in order to drink.

Drinking of water does not increase sweat. Salt is desirable only for

men who have plenty of water to At jour drink. Sweat in the amounts natufavorite grocer's

rally formed is indispensable for a full pound only 49c work and health.

Nearly half of the entire cookie is creme—and what

marvelous creme it is! Made from real coconut, beaten

and whipped until it flows smooth, thick and creamy then placed lavishly between two tender golden wafers.

They're the talk of the table wherever served... new,

different and most delicious. Keep some on hand.

PURITY BISCUIT CO. Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

SEPTEMBER 1958 625

The Improvement Era, The Voice of the Church, Volume 61, Number 9, September 1958.

Official organ of the priesthood quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, ward teachers, Music Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Church Features

The Editor's Page: Some Thoughts on Reaching Fourscore and Five

President David O. McKay 638

Your Question: Spirits of the Dead Returning Home

President Joseph Fielding Smith 640

President McKay at Eightyfive Doyle L. Green and Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 642

Shall the Youth of Zion Falter? Mark E. Petersen 664

Be Slow to Anger (Family Hour Discussion Topic)

ElRay L. Christiansen 666

The Church Moves On, 636; Melchizedek Priesthood: New Program of Convert Integration, 656; The Presiding Bishopric's Page, 668.

Special Features

From the Islands of the Sea Marba C. Josephson 653

How We Learn Ernest Eberhard, Jr. 654

Genealogy Is Exciting Margaret E. Betts 658

The Hot and Cold Period (So That's What Boys Are Made ofIV)

W. Cleon Skousen 660

The Man Who Is Wise Will ExercisePart One Gordon T. Allied 662

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 672, 680, 692

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 625; These Times: Reappraisal in the

Middle East, G. Homer Durham, 628; Letters and Eeports, 632; Be Honest with Yourself, 634.

Stories, Poetry Aunt Jody, Nurse of the San Juan Frontier Albert R. Lyman 650

Poetry 659, 670, 678, 684, 692 Cover—A recent

full color study of Today's Family: Comfort and Luxury Underfoot Eleanor Knowles 694 President David O. McKay

Art and photo credits and footnotes 703 by Saans Photos

The Last Word 704 ourhas coverbeen adaptedin this monthfor of September—as the

David O. McKay and Richard L. Evans, Editors; Doyle L. Green, Managing Editor; Church President reaches

Marba C. Josephson, Associate Managing Editor; Elizabeth J. Moffitt, Production Editor; eightyfive. ( See also

Albert L. Zobell, Jr., Research Editor; Gordon T. Allred, Editorial Associate; Ralph page 642ft".

Reynolds and Ed Maryon, Art Directors.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter,

Hugh Nibley, Claude B. Petersen, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

Joseph T. Bentley, General Manager; Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager;

Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; Thayer Evans,

Regional Advertising Representative.

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 16, Utah

Copyright 1958 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and published by the Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church of Jesus Christ

of Latterday Saints. AH rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in

advance; 25c single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage

provided for in section 1103. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible tor unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on

acceptance at the rate of l'/2c a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Thirty days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include address slip from a recent issue

of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old address as well as the new one is included.

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Candle of the Lord Dr. Adam S. Bennion

Dr. Adam S. Bennion, in the threescore and

eleven years of his life, was a most uncommon man, and the wide range of his reaching mind is here in evidence. In this one volume he

speaks to all: to youth, parents, teachers,

bankers and businessmen; to industrialists,

in war and peace; Z. labor leaders; to a nation

to people with personal problems, needing guidance and strength for the decisions of life. Many of the outstanding sermons of his

are found in this book: "What Is Distinctive

About Mormonism,""Leadership,""What.:**<. Will You Make of Your Life,"and others.

$3.75

Say the Good Word Oscar A. Kirkham

Few stories in the Church have so captivated the hearts and minds of Latterday Saints as "How to Build A Fire"by Oscar A. Kirkham.

This challenge on how to build a boy as well as many other stirring stories and addresses are found in this handbook for leaders and teachers of youth. More than a handbook, it

also provides stimulating reading for adults.

All readers will hear once again the vibrant and penetrating voice of Oscar as they read, "He Could Sleep When the Wind Blew,"and they will thrill to the significance of "Kirkham's Totem."This is an exciting book, from

first page to last, and one every LDS home library should possess.

$3.50

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find check; money order; I have

an account. Please charge for the encircled numbered books: 1 2

Amount enclosed $

DcsuretlUlBooh Co. Name

.44 East South Temple -- Salt Lake City. Utah Address...

'""ITflf!JiJ!fOTaW!i51t:'r?; I City Zone State....

I Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

L.

All MIA Reading Course Books are available here. A complete list of the books will be sent upon

request. All orders will be filled promptly.

SEPTEMBER 1958 627 These Times

Pioneer Lamb Industry

SUPPORTED BY

SAFEWAY

One of the first major agriReappraisal in cultural activities pursued by ofearly pioneers Utah and of the Middle East productionIdaho was the sheep, essential for both food by Dr. G. Homer Durham

and clothing. VicePresident, University of Utah

Today the lamb industry still plays an important role in our Note: Dr. Durham emphasizes force. Russia cast its 84th veto in

agricultural economy. that he offers "one man's view"on the Security Council July 1958,

Safeway recognizes the imthese vital matters. The Era in like forestalling such action. Efforts

portance of the lamb industry manner offers the article to its readthen proceeded towards a "sumin Utah and Idaho. For this reaers, as the searching though contromit conference"through Security

opinion, auspices. Council World views of the author. Theson, Safeway Stores carry exversial

first cautious, to applaud appeared Editors.

tensive promotions, particularly the American move. President Eisenat this time when the lamb crop The United States of America hower, in a special message to US

is being marketed. is reappraising its policy in the military forces "in Lebanon and the

Safeway also has lamb availMiddle East. Such reappraisal, in Mediterranean,"said, "As soon as the

integrity of independence Lebaand coined for a phrase Mr. Dulles'able for its customers every day

.. will are secure, then will previous non problem, you. be "agonizof the year. You can always ing."be withdrawn immediately...."

find lamb at Safeway. All lamb Under orders from President Tensions have mounted, and many

is procured from local Idaho Eisenhower, US troops landed in events have occurred since. What

and Utah packers. Lebanon, July 15, 1958. They were follows is one person's effort at nonsupported by the Sixth Fleet, strongpartisan opinion, set forth as a conest in the world, under the command tribution to the debate. Oil, na-

A Friend of the Family wasof Admiralno indicationJames Holloway.of prior endorseThere tionalthe Arabprideworld,awakeningreactionthroughoutagainst

A Friend of the Farmer ment from the UN, nor prior formal colonialism, reaction against monconsultation with it. There was "an archies; Israel, neutralism, commuurgent request"from President nism; strategy in the Mediterranean,

Chamoun of Lebanon, who, said strategy in western Europe, control

President Eisenhower, "asked me to of and access to the seas, ageold help them maintain their independdifferences of opinions mixed with ence."The UN was informed that the political residue of the twentieth SAFEWAY

US forces would withdraw if recentury wars—all are involved. There

placed by a UN expeditionary is not time nor space here to attempt

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MORMON DOCTRINE MORMON by Bruce R. McConkie

For the first time, you can have at your fingertips a complete encyclopedia of the gospel covering clearly and concisely the Mormon beliefs on almost every topic you can think of. More than 1 100

articles! Every Latterday Saint should have this compendium

for quick, authentic reference work.

$5.00 - "

i.

BASIC COURSE IN GENEALOGY

by Gardner, Harland, and Smith

Here is the most comprehensive course in basic record keeping and research for Stake and Ward genealogical training programs.

Written by three longtime professional researchers, this vital volume accurately, clearly and graphically teaches stepby-step procedures in research and record keeping.

$3.95

BOOKCRAFT 9-58 IT 86 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books

for which I enclose $ in order. check or money BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE

1 2 3 Name 1186 SOUTH MAIN HU 7-748 8 Address

City State

SEPTEMBER 1958 629 description of these issues and their NALLEY'S background. Nearly all have been

described in this column over the past twelve years. Now is the time

to peer ahead with some longrange opinions. The issues are crucial. LUMBERJACK As the Associated Press reported SYRUP from Washington July 19, "the genhas a eral impression"there, viewed the

./*"*": troop landing as necessary, but "an

emergency measure that marked the BRAND NEW failure of a policy."Future policy,

then, becomes our concern. LABEI The basis for these opinions may

be read in recent volumes of the

Era, beginning especially with the discussion entitled "Partitioning PalNaUey's estine"(January 1948), and includsyrup is the same—smooth, mellow and rich! ing "The Eisenhower Doctrine"

... Only the choicest ingredients, skillfully lUMBERJAtf (March 1957). Policy changes, it

fully will recognized, take time Nalley's blended, go into Lumberjack difficulty. great involve Syrup SYRUP, isand Yet we

it's so good... Serve Lumber-... No wonder to consider need fundamental, some

jack Syrup on... longrange aspects. Here then is

WAFFLES, HOTCAKES, one mans view, submitted to enFRENCH TOAST, courage the development of yours!

FLAKY BISCUITS, Nalley"s 1. Oil. Western Europe needs

ICE CREAM SUNDAES oil. The US and NATO have to

have oil. The Middle East has it.

.ANNIVERSARY

If it's NALLEY'S... its Good! Qoadfrodt... Americanas well asinvestorsBritishandandcompanies,western

Europeans generally, are deeply involved. Billions are at stake as

well as access to the product. The

time has come to take the long look, a new look, to look at the oil in the

Middle East as the peoples there look at it—as theirs. Our oil and government people understand this. All

economic and political approaches by American firms and the American government to Middle Eastern oil should recognize this as the number one fact and attitude. What, under

existing international practice, can happen to oil in Mexico, to the Suez

Canal—namely, expropriation by the

nationstate physically on the site, can happen (and has happened) in the Middle East. It will be cheaper

in the long run to buy oil, even at higher prices, from proud, independent people, than to fix, maintain, or retain them in puppetry.

Needed: The best brains in the

American petroleum industry, will "rethink"this problem and come up with the hard and difficult solutions "with liberty and justice for all"plus dividends for their stockholders. This will not be easy.

But it is firm and prime on the agendum. 2. National Pride in the Middle

East. Middle Easterners were proud

and sensitive peoples millennia beFLY BONANZA AIR LINES

630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fore nationalism was imported from

Europe in the modern sense. Revolt, from Algeria across the Islamic

world to Indonesia, demonstrates current aspirations. DeGaulle's problems, Israel's problems, the PakistanIndia conflict over Kashmir, Nasser,

the United Arab Republic, all have this common thread. The colonial

revolution is on. It runs, full swing,

right through the midriff of EurasiaAfrica. Since the landings in North

Africa, in November 1942, dictated by the necessities of World War

II and America's deepening involvement in western Europe, we have increasingly been seen by these peoples as opposing their national aspirations. Like the Americans in

our own revolution of 1776, thev naturally seek friends. In quest of

independence we forsook British law and British liberties and sought food, supplies, guns, powder, and help from the power that had been our mortal enemy for 150 years—the

French. ("French papists"they had

been hatefully called in New England.) It is extremely remarkable

that Egypt, for example, and Syria have not actively sought and obtained more aid than they have from

Russia. Russia, like France in 1776,

is willing to see the colonial revolution in the Middle East succeed. It

is probably ripe time for a corollary to the Eisenhower doctrine, to declare more forcefully American sympathies for the independence and freedom of the emerging states of this area, to discern and distinguish between the Arab George Washingtons and the red herrings, and to do so unmistakably.

3. Reaction against Monarchies.

Certain Arab monarchies are feudalists and arbitrary. They exist by

virtue of American, British, or other are repubsupport. Therewestern

Office: 1078 South 1st West—Salt Lake City 8, Utah Dial EM 3-2763 inlican, antimonarchial movements

these lands. To them we seem to be

upholding feudalism and the "divine right of kings."Learned lawyers, doctors, and scholars, educated PROTECTS THE ENTIRE

in Europe, look at their Arab kings, FAMILY FOR PENNIES A DAYthe absence of habeas corpus and Ik Seitet Pk other pedestrian guarantees of libOne policy protects Dad ($5,000), Mother ($1,000), and erty that existed under George III, allno theincreasechildrenin ($1,000the oneeach)-evenlow premium.FUTUREIf arrivalsMother withand

and conclude the Americans must Dad are 25 years old, the premium would be only have either repudiated their own 59.44have orper expectmonth toregardlesshave! Compareof how manywith childrenyour presentthey

principles, or, are so concerned with cost. For special folder giving complete details, write to:

other things that we have relegated them to memory.

If a Nasser emerges in Egypt, or a monarchy topples in Iraq, it does not (Continued on page 702)

Underwritten by Sentinel Security Life Ins. Co.

SEPTEMBER 1958 631

Samsonite brings the upholstered look to the world's Letters strongest steel chair and Reports

GENEALOGY

STUDENTS r* Tacoma Second Ward, Tacoma Stake, have recently( Washingtoncommm

New pletedcourse aintengenealogy.lesson trainingReindestructible were:quirementsone forpedigreethe coursechart,

.......... one picture pedigree chart,;*-$:..%.

three personal record sheets, three family group sheets, and the writing of their life's story. Pictured are

; left first to right: from row: Nji Mallet, Gary HalvorJohn Steel Folding Chair Wallace, Kenneth sen, John

Wagner, Lamon Oviatt.

Second row: Maria Mulholland, Carla Halvorsen, Richard Henselen, Jim Jones

Cook, Edna Karlinsey, Margaret Halvor- (stake youth director), Betty Stanton and

Special Samsonite process sen, Randlyn Prescott, Kay Oviatt, Sally Gloyd Stanton (ward youth advisers), bonds nonscuff vinyl to steel Henselen. Standing, Lynn Wilbur, Joan Linda Casto, and Lennis Wilbur.

seat, for new elegance MIA MAIDS OF GREEN RIVER WARD in any room! The Mia Maids of Green River Ward,

Now—Samsonite brings you a completely Lyman (Wyoming) Stake have redifferent folding chair! Watch your surceivedyears thattop honorsthey werefor fourBee years.Hive girlsThe theytwo

roundings take on new beauty with were accorded many honors. Now, for

Samsonite upholsteredlook chairs. Guartwo years as Mia Maids, they have repreanteed by GOOD HOUSEKEEPING. In sented the stake in tying their rose bougirls quet. four years these During thewashable tan or grey monk's cloth patterns.

thirtyeight received individual have

Tests prove: awards. First row, left to right: Dorene

Dana, Eunice Briggs, ElDee Bangerter,

Samsonite PlastiFiRST YEAR BEE HIVE GIRLS Lynne Dickson, Judy Kay Petersen, Joyce

Shield is slashproof! Stevens. class Lois row: Second Jacobs,

Girls Gatherer of These Hive Bee it!Slash blades instructor, Knife Cherri Anderson, DeEtte

( ) Juarez Juarez Stake Ward, Mexico haveare Sheri ineffectual Thrasher, against Zumbrennen, DeAnn spent than three thousand more hours Austin, Jacobs, Jeannette Stevens,PlastiShield's Janet surface. gaining All eligible are Badges. Honor

first Sorenson, Iva counselor, nick, cut or YWMIAWon't tear. for Girls the averAward. have an They Eskridge, president. LaVon JanYWMIA at of percent age attendance Mutual, 97 ice absent was photo Walker was when at percent 95 and both School Sunday taken.

first are, meetings. Sacrament and They

Samsonite Plastirow, left to right: Doreen Skousen, GerShield is wearresist- aldine Turlcy, Michelle Hatch, Karma

ant! For all its luxuryMartineau, Elna Rae Walser, Carolyn

fine texture, PlastiBrown. Second row: Janice Komp, ArShield's colorful surface lene Turley, Bertha W. Shupe, class

Melva Turley, LaRayne Whetten, is durable, stands up leader;

Carasco. and Gloria under years of wear.

Note: In identifying the picture of

Samsonite PlastiPopocatepetl on page 587, accompanying

Shield is stainproof! John M. Goddard's article in the August

error. Era, of addition an made The we cry over spilledWhy more the words two have would madeink, nail polish, fruit

It correct. entirely statement read: shouldstains? PlastiShield's

still foot active, volcano, 17,784 "Theprotective surface one of the highest mountains in Northis Dear Editors, Izmir, Turkey sponges clean. America."Along with my change of address I wish

FOR FREE BOOKLET write today to: Shwayder Bros.

Inc., Institutional Seating, Dept. IE-9, Detroit 29, Mich.

Also Makers of Samsonite Classroom Furniture 1958 632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA V '': i #fe- *|

iySjift* w'. ".. "'i

*,,.! *'v-

Pftfefe 1 if SQ|3 Eg. *

'"''. -'-v..:;:::.:.

W*"

;I11f

FULLER'S SPECTACULAR NEW HOUSE PAINT to your homeJJ5 at least 2 extrayears ofpaint beauty

painted a fresh new Gives your home for wood! of paint kind Revolutionary new

its colors, HERE'S HOW NEW FULLER HOUSE PAINT Holds used! ever finest you've paint the longer than look for 2 years

holds its gloss for years! Spreads faster, easier than the best of them! Dries hours COMPARES WITH THE FINEST PAINT

sooner! And costs no more than ordinary house paint! YOU'VE EVER USED

Finest traditional New Fuller THERE'S NEVER BEEN A PAINT astonishing new kind of paint. As the numhouse paint House Paint

... grew testpainted homes IT of these ber BEFORE... LIKE

fresh, new rigorous resist Keeps Can.. of hundreds them are there today in and original developed formula was least at The appearance weather Western. General longer than years years. tested, 2 comwatched, only a few Fuller's chemists 1951. appearance: finest house the pared. paint. chemists, through and Fuller knowhow

that comresearch, found by continuous PHENOMENAL RESULTS WERE glossy lustre lose glossy Keeps to materials, certain bining new "miracle"every Fuller Paint met House for years. after appearance rigorous test Gloss: Starts

paint exterior so an produce they could first months. few it outperformed... of weather and wear

resistant to wear, so amazingly superior in the finest house paints.

brightcolor it to fade after Keeps finest that every made even the way years. ness for months. about 6 oldfashioned paint by seem house comToday,field experience,because ofFullerthis tremendouscan offer you7yearthis Colors: Starts

parison. revolutionary new house paint, without Readily stained with Cannot be rust

largest chemical of America's Two laboraqualification, as THE FINEST HOUSE White: screens,rust fromgutters,nails, etc. stained. these findings. tories tested and confirmed BUY. PAINT YOU CAN

and faster on SURE TO BE WANTED paint FULLER going to If you're finest than easier Fuller's for men. of beauty your.home.. get...2 atextrano Application: Goeseasy. on fast and Goes field went Homes years Out into the paint. house

all over the West were painted with this extra cost! Get new Fuller House Paint!

W. P. FULLER & CO. At least 6 hours; Dries dust free in as

little as 2 hours. for dust, Drying: target

harm it. Rain won't rain. fog, leaves,

For stucco surfaces where a flat finish is preferred, use the famous FulColor Exterior Latex Paint. 42 beautiful colors.

Goes on so easy and smooth that this man So durable, so weatherresistant that it will FULLER lustre less glossy its color brightness in and side keep of a house the whole covered PAINTS GLASS paint than the finest longer paint years regular you've 2 house With than 4 hours.

he'd have done much less. ever used! 42 beautiful colors.

to express my thanks and gratitude to you express gratitude to those who made it and to your staff for such a fine and inpossible for me to receive The Improvespirational magazine. During my tour of ment Era, and I know that it should be

duty in Turkey, The Improvement Era has made possible for every LDS serviceman done a wonderful job of representing the or woman to receive a copy. Keep up the

Church, and it has been a constant refine work.

minder of our teachings and the standards that we as Latterday Saints have to be Sincerely, proud of and to try to live up to. I also /s/ Mark H. Wight

LIVE BETTER

ELECTRICALLY

with

Full HOUSEPOWER DANGER curves ahead! Electricity Costs So Little

You Can Afford a Lot

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

f f )/ 'm Harvest Special!

GRIND YOUR OWN FLOUR 6l CEREAL Be Honest with Yourself with this sturdy

for softpurring tures these youngsters—until convertible, A sleek,

girl, the curve! to take they failed WHEAT MILLMore Than a pretty a handsome boy—or a

10,000 Sold earful of both—and an open road! Then there are the other kind of to Date

What could be more thrilling, more curves too often associated with

ONLY desirable to the young and the young people and automobiles: the

young in heart! curves of temptation, on or off the

This is a typical picture of young highway, which too often bring $650

POSTPAID America today. And there's nothing tragedy and spiritual and moral

ANYWHERE IN wrong with the picture, no cause death to America's youth, curves. AMERICA for concern. Or is there? which may throw you headlong in-

3 physicalYes, thereand moralare hazardshazards. aheadFirst, to Younga spiritualpeopleor moralof collision.the Church,

Mill cracks or grinds wheat, corn and all let's look at the newspapers. Here watch those road signs on life's

kinds of hard or soft grains. Grinds VA are typical headlines from just one fastmoving highway: "Caution,"

flour or cereal of pounds per minute. issue: "Traffic claims three... all "Narrow Bridge,""Crossing,""Curve

... Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's. killed instantly in separate Sunday Ahead."

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS accidents.""A predawn race beSo—slow down! Heed before you

car, your highway, speed. It's your in the death two cars ended Mill. Enclosed is tween send Please one Wheat me

steering hazard. hold the of your of a teenager one You order.) or (check here when $6.50 money

control the throttle. cars You out of control on a wheel. went Name the."

.. live usefully life to or to curve. It's your

Address Those were not problem children: spend recklessly; your life to save

City a high school senior about to graduor lose.

State - ate; a cleancut companion, active

in church, athletics. Promising fuBE HONEST WITH YOURSELF

PEHRS0N HARDWARE 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J

4%C\ -Mr

Picture yourself in petroleum

Can you be dressed in oil? Certainly... from head to foot you

can wear products that start with petroleum—even to perfume.

Petrochemicals are being put to almost endless uses—from

lipstick to nylons, from detergents to vitamins. They dress you,

help with the housework, keep you warm, protect your food, contribute to your recreation.

Standard pioneered in petrochemicals. From our millions of

dollars invested in research came the basic chemicals for the first household and industrial detergents and the raw material for a new, miracle wrinkleresistant fabric, creating whole new industries. As a major producer of the world's petrochemicals,

our investment is continuing to provide new and better products for the benefit of everyone.

Petrochemicals are part of your life... clothing, blankets, rugs,

upholstery fabrics... shoes, hats... cleansers, polishes...cosmetics,

drugs, germicides... paint, printing ink, floor coverings... plastics,

adhesives, packaging and photo film... racquet strings, phonograph records, fishing lines... and many other useful products.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

SEPTEMBER 1958 635

GIVE

THE BIRD...

The Church

RAIN BIRD, of course! Moves On

There are handsome dividends to be earned in providing your own weather for crops and pasMay 1958 ture...there's no better way

to do this than with Rain Bird President David O. McKay dedicated the newly opened

Sprinklers. Get water where baptistry in the Salt Lake Tabernacle.

you want it, when you want it Single installations have more President Claudious Bowman of the Mexican Mission was than doubled—even tripled—killed in an automobile accident near Puebla, Mexico,

yields and insured stability of while returning to Mexico City from meetings in Vera Cruz.

crop income. See your dealer. President Bowman had been president of the mission since 1953.

Auckland (New Zealand) Stake was formed from portions of

Write for free information. the New Zealand Mission with Elder George B. Biesinger, a

former Salt Lake City resident, sustained as president. His counNATIONAL RAIN BIRD selors are Elder Williar.i Boberts and Elder Stanford W. Bird.

The Auckland Stake will have four wards in Auckland, and SALES & ENGINEERING CORP.

Azusa, California branches at Huntley, Hamilton, and Temple View (site of the temple). It was organized under the direction of Elders Delbert

L. Stapley and Marion G. Bomney of the Council of the Twelve.

It is the first stake to be organized in the Southern Hemisphere, and is the 284th now functioning. It has a membership of approximately 3500.

ANTHEM BOOKS dedicatedElder theJohnchapelLongden,of theAssistantHanfordto theWard,CouncilFresnoof the(California)Twelve, for Stake. The 129th anniversary of the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood was commemorated throughout the Church.

fifteen consecutive hundreth weekly broadcast on a CHURCH CHOIRS nationwideThe radio network Tabernacle was made by the Salt Lake

CHANCEL CHORISTER 1.00 choir and organ.

CHURCH CHORISTER 65.... EIGHT FAVORITE ANTHEMC.75

GATES ANTHEMS VOL. 1 75 The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

GREEN BOOK PROGRAM CHORUSES 1.00 Israel Ivins Bentley of Salt Lake City to preside in the NorthMASTER CHORUSES 1.50 ern Mexican Mission. He will succeed President Harvey H.

SACRED CHORUS FOR MIXED VOICES 75 Taylor who is being transferred to the Mexican Mission, where he

SCHIRMER COL. OF FAVORITE succeeds President Claudious Bowman, deceased. President BentANTHEMS NO. 3 1.25 ley of Parleys Stake. Highland Third Ward, is a member He served SING UNTO 75 GOD as bishop of the (Arizona) years. for eleven Mrs. Layton Ward RED 1.00 BOOK PROGRAM CHORUSES....

Bentley and their youngest son, Frank, will accompany him on his Music Sent on Approval mission. Use this advertisement as your order blank

First Presidency the of Elder appointment announced The i DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY 1st 15 E. ] South to A. Udall Jesse succeed President Taylor as president D. Henry

l Salt City 11, Lake Utah Please send the music indicated above. of the California Mission. Elder Taylor was recently sustained

On Approval Charge as an Assistant to the Council of the Twelve. President Udall is

Money Enclosed president of St. Joseph (Arizona) Stake. He is a former bishop of

i Name Thatcher (Arizona) Ward. Mrs. Udall will accompany him on his

ii Address mission. The couple are the parents of six grown children.

City & State TS The First Presidency announced the division of the New

Zealand Mission, creating the New Zealand South Mission

Daunes Music and bothwhichdistrictswouldofincludethe southernthe southern(Continuedhalf of the northernon page island700) IB 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PR0VO*''Salt Lake City 11, Utah 636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Postum is the natural wholegrain drink

When you're looking for a hearty, healthful drink, try Postum.

Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor....71":::

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. And don't forget, Postum tastes so good—and it's so good for you! mm

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

SEPTEMBER 1958 637 Some thoughts on reaching fourscore

A few days ago, a friend asked significantly, "Are you aware that your birthday was the greatest day of your whole life? If it were not for that day

you, of course, would not be here."

I am grateful beyond measure for

September 8, 1873, which is just one way of expressing gratitude for life. And

of all the intervening anniversaries, my eightyfifth promises to be among the happiest and most significant. The

current one should always be that way.

In childhood, and even throughout the gay years of youth, the "Eighties"seemed far in the future, and weary and feeble seemed those who had reached such an advanced age. Today, however,

I know that what seemed in Youth to be a long journey is very short indeed;

and what in anticipation was considered to be a joyless part of the journey is one of the most wholesome, contributive periods of life. I find to my joy that the

reality of being eightyfive is devoid of hindrances to a happy life.

Years may make one older, but they make friendship dearer and life fuller and richer. If it were not so, the birthdays would be tinged with foreboding.

Now, with friends and congenial companions, and the gospel, and the everlasting realities, they are still encouraging events in the very pleasant and interesting journey of life.

If I named the blessings I have at

The Editor's Page

by President David O. McKayand five

eightyfive I would list health, sweet memories, joy that what is worth doing is worth doing well. As a

in labor, faith in God and his goodness, an unselfish boy, carrying the cobble rocks to make the fence desire to serve and bless his children, loyal friends, posts stand firm, watching him plow the straight brotherhood, and the companionship and love of furrow, and noting his insistence on thoroughness loved ones—and the assurance that these cherished in other farm work, I little realized that these lessons

loved ones may be ours, always and forever. could leave such a lasting impression in my later years.

It is faith in a loving Father and in one's fellow From him I learned the lessons of work and worman that makes life worth living. He is truly blessed ship which apply to the moral and spiritual activities

who has experienced the peace and richness of soul as well as the immediate, temporal things. Whatever

that spring from true and loyal friendship. duty we assume, whatever task, we must do it and

Another secret of a happy life, and my life has give our best to it.

been a happy one, is to learn to love one's work and My mother's beautiful example has always reto give it one's best. I don't know anything that mained with me also—her gentleness and patience and

brings more contentment in life than to be able to sincerity—always the perfect lady. What a beautiful

wake up in the morning and look forward eagerly and lasting impression she left in the minds of her to the task ahead. Nor is there any greater satischildren!

faction than to pause at the close of the day with a Home life is a very potent, silent, but penetrating feeling of work fairly well done. influence on the lives of all children. If only all parIn that way one loses himself for others. This ents would realize what an influence their daily acts

touches upon the great principle enunciated by the and conduct and attitudes have on their boys and

Savior when he said, "... he that loseth his life girls!

for my sake shall find it."(Matt. 10:39.) That is I also express gratitude for sacrifices made to perparadoxical but true. It is applicable to all of us no mit us children to enter the field of education.

matter what station in life one may fill. Through this opportunity I met my life's companion,

He who will follow that ideal will have little or who has ever been an inspiration, the mother and no time for selfsympathy. Selfsympathy is, in most wise guardian of our seven children, and the heart

cases, a joy killer. It is fundamental that to make and center of our lovely home.

others happy brings happiness to self. I am most appreciative of the Church and the many

Never before have I been so deeply aware and opportunities it presents to young people—opportuniappreciative of my parents'exemplary lives, and the ties we sometimes accept as unthinkingly as we accept

practical application of the worthy principles they the sunshine. But opportunities to participate in

taught me as a youth, as I am today. the Primary, the Sunday School, the MIA—and parIn looking back over the years, these things seem ticularly Sacrament meetings and the quorums of the

to stand out as the guideposts that have helped me priesthood—exert mighty influences in the courses of

most of all. My father taught and lived the principle our lives. (Continued on page 693)

SEPTEMBER 1958 639 Why did Jesus say to Mary, 'Touch

is the case Father"—or

QUESTION: Will you please be kind

enough to explain the statement of Alma recorded in the fortieth chapter of Alma, verses 11 to 14. It

has been my understanding that all spirits at death were assigned to a spirit world prepared for them where they awaited the resurrection, and that they did not enter the presence of the Father until the resurrection. If what Alma says is true, then why did

Jesus say to Mary, "Touch me not; for 1 am not yet

ascended to my Father."Or is the case of the Savior

an exception?

ANSWER: These words were spoken by

Alma when giving his final instruction to his son

Corianton. Corianton, who had been somewhat wayYour ward, wondered concerning the justice of God, and

Alma counseled him to turn from evil and serve the

Lord, which counsel he received. In order to get the

full meaning of. Alma's thought we shall quote his Question words:

"Now, concerning the state of the soul between by Joseph Fielding Smith death and the resurrection—Behold, it has been made

President of the Council of the Twelve known unto me by an angel, that the spirits of all men, as soon as they are departed from this mortal body, yea, the spirits of all men, whether they be good or evil, are taken home to that God who gave them life. "And then shall it come to pass, that the spirits of those who are righteous are received into a state of happiness, which is called paradise, a state of rest, a state of peace, where they shall rest from all their troubles and from all care, and sorrow.

"And then shall it come to pass, that the spirits of the wicked, yea, who are evil—for behold, they have

no part nor portion of the Spirit of the Lord; for

behold, they chose evil rather than good; therefore

the spirit of the devil did enter into them, and take possession of their house—and these shall be cast out

into outer darkness; there shall be weeping, and wail640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

me not; for I am not yet ascended to my

of the Savior an exception?

ing, and gnashing of teeth, and this because of their shall be their doom; and the whole heavens shall weep

own iniquity, being led captive by the will of the over them, even all the workmanship of mine hands;

devil. wherefore should not the heavens weep, seeing these

"Now this is the state of the souls of the wicked, shall suffer?

yea, in darkness, and a state of awful, fearful looking "But behold, these which thine eyes are upon shall for the fiery indignation of the wrath of God upon perish in the floods; and behold, I will shut them up;

them; thus they remain in this state, as well as the a prison have I prepared for them.

righteous in paradise, until the time of their resur- "And that which I have chosen hath plead before rection."(Alma 40:1114.) my face. Wherefore, he suffereth for their sins; inThese words of Alma, as I understand them, do asmuch as they will repent in the day that my Chosen

not intend to convey the thought that all spirits go shall return unto me, and until that day they shall back into the presence of God for an assignment to be in torment.

a place of peace or a place of punishment and before "Wherefore, for this shall the heavens weep, yea, him receive their individual sentence. "Taken home and all the workmanship of mine hands."(Moses

to God"simply means that their mortal existence has 7:3740.)

come to an end and they have returned to the world From these paragraphs we learn that the Lord of spirits, where they are assigned to a place according does not delight in punishment. However, there is

to their works with the just or with the unjust, there the demand of justice which must be met and thereto await the resurrection. "Back to God"is a phrase fore the wicked are forced to suffer, and this suffering

which finds an equivalent in many other well known helps to cleanse them from their sins. Before the

conditions. For instance: a man spends a stated visit of our Savior to the spirit world there was a gulf

time in some foreign mission field. When he returns separating the righteous from the wicked, and the

to the United States, he may say, "It is wonderful to wicked were evidently without knowledge as to what be back home"yet his home may be somewhere in fate awaited them. The Savior after his crucifixion

Utah or Idaho or some other part of the west. bridged this gulf, and the gospel was carried to those

Paradise is a term which means a place of dewho sat in this darkness, and through the instruction parted spirits according to the Prophet Joseph Smith. of those who held the priesthood, these miserable

"Hades, the Greek, or Sheol, the Hebrew, these two spirits were taught the gospel. They were granted

significations mean a world of spirits."(Teachings some measure of blessing according to their works

of the Prophet Joseph Smith, page 310.) Before the on earth, and according to their opportunity, or lack

resurrection of Christ, the wicked were shut up in of it, to hear the gospel when living on the earth and darkness and were not visited. In this awful state accept the same in the spirit world.

they suffered the torment of their consciences not It seems to be evident from his words to Alary at knowing what their fate would be, just as Alma has the tomb, that Jesus had not ascended to, or been in pictured it. We are given further light on the condithe presence of, his Father between the time of his

tion of the wicked in this spirit world from the words crucifixion and his resurrection. These words of the

of the Lord to Enoch. Savior to Mary seem to indicate the condition, which

"But behold, their sins shall be upon the heads of confronts all who die, between death and the resurtheir fathers; Satan shall be their father, and misery rection.

SEPTEMBER 1958 641 Trained as an educator and teacher, President McKay has received high honors from educational institutions.

He holds honorary doctorates (Laws, Humanities,

Letters) from four universities, and has been granted honorary memberships in or given high awards by many public spirited organizations.

President McKAY at EIGHTYFIVE by Doyle L. Green, Managing Editor and

Albert L. Zobell, Jr., Research Editor

In presenting an eightyfifth birthday anniversequently inadequate. But to look at part of the

sary tribute to President David O. McKay, who also major happenings in the Church and even sketchserves as senior editor of The Improvement Era, his ily to follow President McKay's activities make us

associates on this publication focus attention through marvel at the energy and the completely unselfish the eye of the camera upon the monumental events devotion of our President, and cause us to be gratein his life and in the history of the Church since he ful for the way the Lord's work is prospering. No

became its President, April 9, 1951. matter in which direction we turn our attention, we

The story of President David O. McKay's past find the great Church program has been strengthened

seven and onehalf years is the story of the Church. under the present administration.

The two cannot be separated. As President of the Twenty years after many men retire, the PresiChurch, he is God's anointed upon the earth. As such dent's day still begins long before the sun is up.

he devotes his time and his energies to the work of Usually his car is about the first one on the Church the Lord. To faithful Latterday Saints throughout parking lot, as he often reaches his office by seven

the world, he is indeed a prophet. a.m. His office schedule includes endless meetings,

This account of the activities of the President consultations, and appointments, in addition to the and the progress of the Church could fill many volhundreds of details involved in watching over the umes. But inasmuch as it is meant only to support Church and carrying on the regular routine of the

the pictures, it must of necessity be brief, and conoffice of the President. Most of his evenings, likeDavid O. McKay, ninth President of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, observes his eightyfifth birthday September 8, 1958.

He has been President of the Church since April 9, 1951".

This fascinating character study was taken on the McKay family farm in Huntsville, Utah.

SEPTEMBER 1958 643 wise, are crowded with Church work of one type or tionships with governments and peoples, promoting another, although he tries to devote a little time each missionary work, fostering the building of temples, night to study and to his family. chapels, and schools, and in many ways blessing the

One can hardly imagine a person with more atSaints.

home responsibilities than the President has, and yet The year 1952 found him in Europe, where he vissince he realizes that the Church has a worldwide ited President Juho K. Paasikivi of Finland and atmission, he has traveled throughout the world as a tended a garden party given by Her Majesty Queen

messenger of peace and goodwill, strengthening relaElizabeth II of England, dedicated two chapels in

In January and February of 1954, President McKay made a 32,500mile tour of South Africa, South America, Central America, and Mexico, to visit with and give instructions to Saints and missionaries and to be an emissary of love and goodwill to all peoples in this part of the world. He and

Sister McKay are pictured here with members of the Church in Guatemala.

HB

While visiting missions of the Church in Europe in 1952,

President McKay selected and dedicated the ground for a temple in Newchapel,

Surrey County, England. On August 27, 1955

cut the first President McKay trip he also selected a site for a- same On this construction of the beginning sod to start Switzerland. in Bern, temple

In August 1953, he returned to Europe of the London Temple.

to break ground for the Swiss Temple, This temple, now completed, is to be dedicated which he dedicated upon in a series of services its completion, beginning September 7, 1958.

in September 1955. The second day of the services will

be President McKay's 85th birthday.

Germany, and selected a site for a temple near Bern, and South and Central America. A month later he

Switzerland. visited Mexico.

Returning to Europe in 1953 he dedicated the site Before 1955 was two days old, President McKay and broke ground for the Swiss Temple and dedistarted a tour of the Pacific Missions of the Church, cated the site for a temple at Newchapel, England. visiting Hawaii, Fiji, Tonga, Samoa, Tahiti, New

Two days after the beginning of the new year in Zealand, and Australia. Seven months later he flew

1954, he again was on a trip that lasted almost two again to Europe to dedicate the Swiss Temple, break months and which took him to Europe, South Africa, ground for the London Temple, and to support the

Tabernacle Choir's concert tour of Europe.

April 1958 again saw the President flying over the

Pacific to dedicate the temple and Church college in New Zealand.

As this magazine goes to press President McKay plans to be winging his way to Europe to dedicate the

London Temple. On his eightyfifth birthday anniversary, September 8, he expects to be conducting

the second day's dedicatory services.

On top of Table Mountain in Capetown, South Africa, President McKay pauses long enough to enjoy a cold drink with

President Leroy Duncan of the South African Mission.

Since becoming President of the

Church President McKay has traveled some 250,000 miles to preach the gospel and further [he work of the Lord.

Here, (below) he is shown boarding

The President's trips are a Clipper with Sister McKay arduous and strenuous, with toandleavePresidentAustraliaFranklinFebruaryJ. Murdock8, 1955.

little sightseeing or personal On this trip the President traveled pleasure connected with them. 45,000Samoan,milesTahitian,visitingNewtheZealand,Tongan, and

His traveling companions have Australian missions. He spoke 72 times,

described a typical stop as talkedheld 26withpressmanyand government,radio conferences, "from. plane to hotel to chapel religious, and educational leaders,

selected for a a siteto government office to plane."and

Zealand. temple in New

On the 1955 tour of the Pacific, for example, he traveled 45,000 miles, delivered 72 talks, held 26 press and radio conferences, conferred with many government, religious, and educational officials, and met with missionaries and mission presidents.

In between these major trips President McKay has dedicated some 60 Church buildings in Utah, Nevada, Arizona, Texas, California, Georgia, Oregon, Canada, Wisconsin, Ohio, and Idaho, received four honorary doctorate degrees, delivered numerous talks, conferred with literally hundreds of "important and interesting"people in his office and throughout the land, in addition to directing the almost unbelievably complex affairs of the Church.

And how the work of the Lord is prospering under his guidance! From a membership

of 1,147,157 at the close of 1951 the Church had grown to 1,488,314 by the end of 1957.

Stakes have increased in number from 191 at the close of 1951 to 267 as this issue of the magazine goes to press. In

1957 alone, Church membership was increased by 71,583.

All phases of missionary work have been strengthThis has resulted in a great increase in temple and ened. The fulltime foreign force of 5,387 missiongenealogical activity. In the entire year of 1951,

aries sent out from Salt Lake City is supplemented for example, some 499,358 endowments were given.

by 1,229 local fulltime workers. Another 6,366 are During the first six months of 1958, 604,756 were

serving on stake missions. This large number of given!

missionaries, coupled with improved training and The Church Genealogical Library housed 63,385 proselyting methods, is bringing an increasingly rolls of microfilm in 1951, equivalent to 301,091 books large number of converts into the Church each year. of 300 pages each. This increased to 178,612 rolls

Soon after becoming President, President McKay on June 30, 1958, or something like 890,014 three said that he desired to bring the temples, with their hundred page volumes. This is reported to be the

saving ordinances, to the people, and he has emphalargest genealogical microfilm library in the world.

sized the importance of temple work ever since. Family group sheets increased from 1,702,534 to

646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Everywhere the President of the Church goes he is besieged by crowds of people eager to see their Prophet, take his hand in theirs, and partake of his warm spirit.

Here he leaves his blessing with

Sister Violet Cottham of Sydney, Australia.

President McKay is accompanied on his trips by his charming wife, Emma.

Amid all the rush of a schedule that is always full, work that is never finished, the love, devotion, and consideration shown by this couple for each other set a pattern for all to follow.

Here they are shown enjoying a ride in a vehicle of yesteryear.

An important part of all of President McKay's missionary trips is the conferring with government officials. Below he is shown with the Right Honorable

Walter Nash, Prime Minister of New Zealand.

When the Mormon Tabernacle Choir arrived in Greenock, Scotland, to begin its unprecedented concert tour of Europe in

August 1955, President and Sister McKay were on the dock to meet them, and accompanied them on most of the tour.

It was on this trip that the Swiss

Temple was dedicated.

The love of the President for children is revealed in this joyful photograph.

Anyone who has felt the warmth and the strength of President McKay's handshake could never forget it.

3,237,908 during the same period.

The Church building program throughout the world has been accelerated to meet Church growth and needs. New chapels, welfare

buildings, hospitals, and educational buildings are being rushed to completion. It is estimated that there

are at present some 600 structures in the planning and building stage.

Traditionally the President of the

Church has been president of several

SEPTEMBER 1958 On rare occasions, when he can find an hour away from the pressure of neverending duties, President McKay returns to the McKay family farm at Huntsville, where he was born and where he spent a most happy childhood.

Close to the soil and close to nature he is happy.

businesses that the Church wholly or partially owns. These

responsibilities have taken a part of the President's time which President McKay thought should be devoted to other responsibilities. Consequently, beginning in 1957, he

started a reorganization of these businesses which relieved him of the presidency of all but one of them, and he became instead "Chairman of the Board."

Thus, while remaining in the

On the farm as a lad President McKay learned to love fine animals.

At 85 that love still persists and on alltoo-infrequent visits to the farm he still receives great joy from saddling one of his horses and riding down a leafcovered lane.

X - W

.'..::;:;:

5kit* V': President McKay is never happier than when he is with his family.

For his grandchildren it is a rare treat for him to play or sing with them, to tell them stories, or to take them for a ride in the old bobsleigh.

When he returns from trips they are often at the airport to meet him.

His love and kindness binds them together.

top position of leadership, the President has materially lessened the detailed business responsibility that had been a part of his office. He now has more time

to spend with other activities of the Church.

Soon after President McKay became President, the Church school system was reorganized, with

Ernest L. Wilkinson, president of Brigham Young

University, as administrator. This Unified School

System is responsible for the operation of BYU, LDS

Business College, Salt Lake City, Ricks College,

Rexburg, Idaho, the school system in the Juarez (Mexico) Stake, as well as the institutes, seminaries, and Deseret Clubs. (The schools in the Pacific are

under the direction of the "Church Board of the

Pacific") Gratifying results have been reported in all phases of Church education. Brigham Young University

became (in 1953) the largest churchrelated institution of higher education in the United States. Student enrolment has doubled since 1951. During the

time the physical facilities of the campus have grown too, as classroom buildings, laboratories, student residences, and other college buildings of nearly every description have been completed. Many new projects

have now been authorized.

Since 195051 fulltime seminaries have increased from 109 to 126 and the number of parttime seminaries has jumped from 45 to 400. Enrolment has

increased from 28,677 to 40,247, while institute enrolment has grown from 4,309 to 6,092. that he has brought to the Church through his travels,

Priesthood and auxiliary organization enrolment his meetings, his talks? Yet there is more. The full

and attendance have likewise increased; attendance story cannot be told alone in miles traveled, in meetat Sacrament meetings is going up. ings held, in officials impressed, or in buildings dediRicks College has grown from an enrolment of cated. We must also look at the increased spirituality

699 in 195051 to 1,081 in 195657. The physical that exists throughout the Church, and throughout

facilities on this campus have been enlarged and the world, as a result of his personal devotion and improved. dedication to the service of the Master.

Yes, impressive have been the growth and accomThe full story must include the deep love he has plishments of the Church during the past seven and for humanity—his own family, members of the

onehalf years under the leadership of President Church, God's children everywhere.

David O. McKay. But the truly vital part of his It is told in the warm clasp of his hand, his conlife's story and his devotion to the Lord can never tagious and friendly smile, his penetrating eyes.

adequately be reduced to words because it cannot Merely meeting the President turns out to be an be measured. unforgettable experience. Jack Dempsey, former

How can one calculate the prestige and goodwill heavyweight boxing (Continued on page 686)

SEPTEMBER 1958 649 Aunt Jody Nurse of the San Juan Frontier by Albert R. Lyman

It was winter in San Juan County, Utah. Snow and in her own self as one who was called by the

hung heavily on the cedars and the sagebrush, and priesthood to nurse and prescribe for God's children a biting wind moaned down from the big pines on in this faraway corner of Mormondom.

Blue Mountain, drifting the snow on the prairie Word was sent to Bluff asking if it were possible country for miles around. Near the eastern end of for Aunt Jody to come to Monticello. That word

the mountain, and not far from the lowest edge of was not sent by telephone—a telephone in the wild

the tall timber, sprawled the new little town of San Juan was a thing of the distant future; a horseMonticello with its low, log houses, its rail fences man wallowed through the fifty miles of snow with

and woodpiles buried in the drifts. Within each the message. Would Aunt Jody please come to

dwelling people huddled around the oldtime stove Monticello? Would she undertake that journey,

or open fireplace to keep warm. requiring more than one day, possibly twe? The trip

In one home an expectant mother looked from her couldn't be made with a wagon, a buggy, or a sled;

little window at the forbidding white barrier all it would have to be made on horseback if it was around, wondering and praying for the perilous hours made on time. It would call for a strong horse, and

impending, when her very life would be on the altar. the rider would need superior strength.

Where were the skilful hands, the trained mind, and Was the trip possible in the allotted time, and did the understanding heart to do for her what she could Aunt Jody have what it took to risk her life in the not do for herself in that moment? And besides skill undertaking? If such questions arose in her mind,

and understanding, another factor was imperative: Aunt Jody dismissed them without a hearing; she

faith in God, for, without that, the best physician was could not sit by her warm fire while that woman in feeble and fallible. There were faith and love and Monticello met the danger alone.

sympathy in the little snowbound community, but Fortified against the cold as much as her position the skilful hands and the trained mind were not there. in the saddle would permit, Aunt Jody mounted a

A wide stretch of uninhabited wilderness lay on all strong horse, and with her teenage son Joseph Henry sides of Monticello, and the roads, nothing but windon another strong horse, she headed away among ing wagon tracks through the brush, defied wagons the cliffs towards the Blue Mountain. Whether they

or even sleds, unless they were powered with big reached Verdure that first day or whether they had teams. There might be a doctor at Mancos, seventyto seek the shelter of the rocks and depend on the

five miles to the east, or in Dnrango fifty miles beyond, warmth of a fire until morning is not known, but on but even if they were there and at liberty to come, horses gray with frozen perspiration they wallowed it would be difficult to reach them. Even then, they through the snow into Monticello in time to reassure

might not be willing to hazard a trip so far from their the waiting motherto-be and usher the little newfield of practice. comer comfortably into the world.

Something had to be done—what could it be? This was a typical event in the life of Josephine

Fifty miles to the south beyond another solitary Catherine Chatterly Wood, around whom the social wilderness of winter was the little town of Bluff, life and health problems of early San Juan clustered where "Aunt Jody"Wood was the doctor, the obas a swarm of bees around their queen. When the

stetrician, the allround physician for disorders physiSan Juan pioneers by way of Holein-theRock crossed cal and mental. Her fine skill and her unusual success the Colorado River in 1880, establishing a town they

with the sick or the injured did not stem from any called Bluff on the San Juan River, in the middle scholastic degree, since her school education was of perhaps the wildest wilderness in the West, they limited. She acted by virtue of her faith in God had recognized with alarm the danger of being so far

650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA My father blessed Mother, asking the Lord to guide her.

from everywhere without a doctor.

Some time after their arrival at

Bluff, Thales Haskell joined them with his family, and Sister Haskell acted as midwife until she moved to

San Louis Valley, leaving the remote little town again without a doctor.

By this time, as we shall explain later on, Samuel Wood and his little family had followed the pioneers to their log fort on the banks of the

San Juan, and when Bishop Jense

Nielson and his counselors canvassed the situation to find in their midst someone to act as doctor, they decided to call young Sister Wood to that responsibility.

It was not because of any medical training which she had received that they decided on her—her schooling

had been in an old time, primitive school, under many difficulties. Like

the call the Church makes to its thousands of missionaries, not because they are already qualified but because they will qualify for the work by beginning to do it, her call was to be a doctor by the same inspiration which makes the farmer, the truck driver, the carpenter into a missionary.

The prospect was terrifying; she

protested that she knew nothing about medicine, was utterly unfit for the work, and could not do it and still care for her little children. The

brethren told her she could do it, that they would place their hands on her head and bless her for that mission, and that she would be given understanding.

Deep in the soul of Josephine

SEPTEMBER 1958 Chatterly Wood was something solid and dependThe promised gift came in miraculous degree to able—a revealed testimony of the gospel. It taught Aunt Jody, not only the understanding of human

her that all the calls which the Lord makes through ailments and how to treat them, but also a willingness his duly authorized servants must be obeyed. This to serve, and a heart swelling with love and symwas the way of the Lord in his Church, and his pathy, (which is fully as important as any otherpeople in obedience to it are provided for in time of qualification of an efficient doctor). She became

need. She understood this clearly, and in spite of Aunt Jody to everybody in Bluff, and to many

her fears, and the great labors the mission would people far away. Somehow the people figured that

place upon her, she accepted it in humility and tears. she belonged to them; her service and her skill was

Although Aunt Jody knew little of books and theirs as a matter of course; they claimed it just as

literature, she had been highly educated in the uni- a dependent child claims all that its mother is able versity of the frontier, being fitted with practical to give.

skill and adaptability which she could have acquired Bishop Jense Nielson and his counselors, Lemuel in no other way. Hers was the unusual ability to find H. Bedd, Jr., and Kumen Jones, had this principle

a way or to make a way through or over or around clearly in mind when they called and set apart young every and all difficulties to meet crises regardless. Sister Wood as doctor. In the same way they called

Her faith and her resourcefulness counted for more other men and women to meet pressing needs and than any university degree she might have held. The vexing problems incident to the great remoteness of

part she took, and the way she carried on with it until their little log fort on the sandy banks of the cashe died under the weight of it, is possible only to pricious old San Juan. It was a hundred miles to

people who believe in God and who believe in themthe nearest settlement, for Monticello was not settled selves as his servants. until eight years after the settlement of Bluff.

We quote her daughter, Mrs. Catherine Hansen, Aunt Jody had four children when she accepted

whose words we may use frequently in this account: the responsibility of being the doctor, and the prob-

"When the first call came for a confinement case, lems of providing them with food and clothing,

Mother was afraid. My father blessed her, asking the sheltering them from the dreary sandstorms and the

Lord to guide her and give her wisdom for any heat and the cold, protecting them from the two emergency she might have to meet. In this he was tribes of Indians seemed to be quite enough to tax

setting a precedent for many occasions of the future. her wits to the limit. Yet wherever there was sorrow

Ofttimes the whole family knelt in prayer for Mother or suffering, she was called to leave her own probas she went forth on her mission of mercy."lems or much needed rest to heal people in distress.

Bishop Nielson had promised Aunt Jody that if I had turned sixteen when I began to realize in a she would do her best, she would be directed by the small way the skill and the magnetism of love with

Holy Spirit. She had assured him she would do all which she operated. Like many others I had taken

she could, and she had purchased books and studied for granted that she could do what no one else could and prayed. Yet, faced with the stern reality of do, that she was duty bound to come at every call,

being responsible where life and death hung in the and that her services were of course free.

balance, something she had never faced before, she I had what we called a boil, but it turned out to be asked the bishop to go with her. And she did meet more terrible than any boil I have ever known before

the emergency for which Brother Wood had prayed or since. It was on my back, and I lay on my stomach

she might have the necessary wisdom: "The cord in such agony that it hurt to move my arm below my

was wrapped around the baby's neck, and someone elbow. We poulticed it with everything we heard

spoke to her telling her what to do. She removed about. It did no good at all. The boil was so painthe cord and saved the little one's life. Speaking of ful I didn't want anybody touching it, and I dreaded

it later, she said, 1 thought Bishop Nielson had having anyone come near. My mother was away,

spoken to me, but when I.turned to look at him, he and my father said it would have to be lanced with

was not in the room. I knew the Lord had blessed no anesthetic. Cold sweat came out on me as I

me, telling me plainly what to do.'She always dethought of it!

pended on the bishop for advice and counsel, and on I consented for Father to send for Aunt Jody, a number of occasions, he actually helped in the though I had little notion of what she might do or delivery of the babies."what could possibly be done to give me relief. I was

That baby, daughter of Joseph F. and Harriet Ann in despair. When she came, without delay I twisted

Barton, was appropriately named Josephine, and my neck to look up at her face. It radiated assurafterwards became Mrs. Harold Young of Salt Lake ance; it inspired cheer. She said that the abscess,

City. or whatever it was (Continued on page 684)

652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA on the Island of Upolu.

From the Islands Sunrise service held

A group of Samoan doing youthsof the Sea Haka. The Samoanthe Maori

youths are encouraged to The first Samoan Mission Youth Conference was learn their songs, dances, held for three days, May 29, 30, 31, 1958, under the and customs.

direction of Charles I. Sampson, mission president,

James Hardman, and David Randal, his counselors, and Sister Sampson. The schedule of events included were given: "Starting right at 7:30 there will be a

class departmental sessions, speech, music, and dance line formed in the school to shake hands with the festival, sunrise service, sports festival, Gold and Apostle and traveling party and Mission President

Green ball, activities, and theme session. The letter and Mutual Supervisor. We would like everyone to

sent to the branch presidencies, district presidencies, be prompt, as this line will be formed for only 45 minand branch and district MIA supervisors, and superutes. Also this night there will be many government

vising elders was a delight to read. One of the feaofficials and other guests invited to the dance. This

tures was that everyone who attended "should bring dance must be well done because the heads of other enough food to last him for all of the days of the churches in Samoa and government leaders and chiefs

Conference. This is in addition to the food for the of Samoa will be in attendance at this dance, and

Big Taumafataga. Don't come and be a burden on so all of our saints and youths must act especially

someone else. Remember that you must bring enough well this night. The dress for this dance is, that the

food and clothes and bedding to last you at least young ladies should wear pretty dresses or formals—

from Thursday through Sunday or for four days...."either are fine. The men should wear nice clean pants

The theme for the conference was "Cleanliness is and a dress shirt and tie. Please dress nice and make

next to Godliness,"and the inviting program was this beautiful."

printed in gold on white paper with the front a reFor the theme session, these instructions are inproduction in green of the beautiful islands with the teresting: "We would like everyone coming to the

swaying palms. One of the thrills of this first consession to wear white clothes. For the young ladies

ference for the young people in Samoa was the preswe would like all of the Mutual officers of both the ence of Elder Marion G. Romncy of the Council of branch and district to wear a white flower; all Beehive

the Twelve and his wife; Elder and Sister Wendell B. girls to wear a pink flower; all Mia Maids to wear a

Mendenhall; and Elder and Sister Edward L. Clissold. red flower; all Junior Gleaners to wear an orange

Also touching was the note to them, "We hope that flower; and all Gleaners to wear a yellow flower. But

your visit in Samoa may reveal unto you the love please everyone be on time and wear white clothing that Matthew Cowley talked of so often when he and for the women the color flower that goes with spoke of these people, and that when you leave, you, their class and calling."

too, may bear testimony of the love and faith of the The letter, sent to the field on May 1, outlined in

Samoan people."detail the plans and gave the times of the various

The care and plans are indicated in the details that events. On one of the schedules for the last full event

had been so meticulously laid out in the letter. Conof the conference, the minutes allotted for each dance

cerning the Gold and Green ball those instructions were carefully noted (Continued on page 703)

SEPTEMBER 1958 653 Conducted by the Unified Church School System

LoAtf M/t lzM4+

There is a serious question in the minds of many Thus, while we probably do not know how we learn psychologists as to whether we know exactly how we do know much that is helpful concerning the conhuman beings learn. ditions under which we learn best. Every teacher

When the genius, Albert Einstein, died, his brain owes it to his or her students not only to be acquainted was sent to Columbia University for examination with these principles, but also to be resourceful and with every known aid science has at its disposal. skilled enough to make consistent application of

But, Dr. Harry M. Zimmerman, chief of the laborathem.

tory division of New York's Montefiore Hospital, was These principles are seven in number. They will

quick to make the following statement to the Press: be considered in the following order:

"It is unlikely there will be any scientific evidence 1. The principle of readiness

to prove Einstein was a genius."(United Press re- 2. The principle of "unbalance"

port. ) 3. The principle of recency

Some years ago Gustaf Stromberg, eminent Swed- 4. The principle of effect

ishAmerican scientist, made the following observation 5. The principle of vividness

concerning the memories of man: "A study of the ft. The principle of primacy

nature of memory shows immediately that it must 7. The principle of contrast

be carried by an immaterial structure.... The matter

in our brain is continuously changing.... And thus The Principle of Readiness

we have a 'new'brain after a relatively short time. When the writer of the Proverbs said, "as he [a

... And the necessity of an immaterial living structure man] thinketh in his heart, so is he,"(Proverbs 23:7),

in the brain, independent.of that of atoms, becomes he gave an excellent reason for placing this principle

immediately evident. This structure... appears to first. When we speak of how people "think in their

be indestructible."hearts"we are speaking of their emotional attitude.

"... We therefore conclude, that there are good In spiritual and moral training we need a definite

reasons for the following important assertion: 'The emotional component. The students need to be

memory of an individual is written in indelible script "warmed up."It is strange that we recognize this

in space and time/ "* (See page 703 for footnotes.)

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Ernest Eberhard, Jr.

Principal, Preston Seminary;

Seminary Coordinator Northern Utah and Southern Idaho Districts

times lack depth in their emotional responses. Many

of them feel emotional displays are childish. Since

they want to appear mature, they will be likely to resent a crude, excessive attempt to stimulate their emotions which they feel casts a reflection on their attempts to be "grownup."

The Principle of "Unbalance"Human beings are, generally speaking, unwilling to carry out any activity unless some phase of their need in sports and related physical activities, but environment is out of balance or threatens to be so do not see its application in the learning situation. in the future. Thus, we work to provide food and

A fine worship program is basic. It is obvious that shelter for the winter, to save money for a new car

there should be a rather close correlation between or new clothes. There must be a felt or anticipated

the type of worship program and the purpose and need before we feel like initiating an action. The

content of the lesson to follow. A simple story, a Savior stated it so well, when he said, "Blessed are

modern parable, a comment on the activities of the they which do hunger and thirst after righteousday which are vital to the students, some challenging ness...."(Matt. 5:6.) He recognized that little learnquestions on problems which are personally important, ing or achievement of exaltation takes place until we

can be used to start the forge of the "feeling"response hunger and thirst after something.

mechanism. One of the first steps a teacher must take is to

However, care must be taken that this is done remove from the students'minds a feeling of selfproperly and skilfully. It is on the fringe areas such satisfaction or equilibrium. They must be made to

as these that the truly inspirational teacher, who is desire to learn the material, to achieve, to know, to basically an artist, is revealed. Adolescents are very change.

touchy about emotions and their overt expression. The least productive form of "unbalance"is achieved

They are emotionally highly ambivalent and someby threats concerning (Continued on page 682)

SEPTEMBER 1958 655 MEMBER'S RECORD Name Ward Visited By Advisor Bishop S. b c h oo 1 Relief Soc. M. 1 A. Primary

Date Visited

Record of Attendance a t Meetings and Wai d Teachers'Visits

Priesthood Sac. Meeting Sunday School

Week 1 2 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 5

Months Advisors Taa:her

Visits Ward Rel.Soc.

CHURCH ACTIVITY

Date Ward, Branch or Stake Assignments Date Priesthood Ordinations

FP31

STAKE WARD

Name of member Sex Address Telephone No. Brethren of the MelDate of Baptism Place of Baptism chizedek Priesthood, as

Date of B rth Place of Birth—older and more experiName of Spouse No of Children enced members of God's

Is Husband or Wife a Member cf the O Yes great latterday kingdom,

Nature of Employment have a great responsiNature of Spouse's Employment bility to help and aid the

Talents: new converts now being

brought into the fold of Hobbies: Christ in such great numbers.

Preference of Church Activlt'Let us here note (1)

Family assigned to work with member: the acute and difficult

Source of Convert: Full Time ( j Stake ( Ward Moved into Ward ( ) problem of convert as-

M issicnanes who labored with convert similation and (2) a practical and sensible arAdv.scrs rangement for overcoming these difficulties and

tying the newly baptized

grams of the Church soNew Program of members into the prosecurely that they will be enabled to press forward and gain their salConvert Integration vation.

A new program for assimilation of converts into the When the Convert Forsakes the World

Church was adopted this year on a churchwide basis. *

To the San Jose Stake in California goes the dis- "I am come to send fire on the earth,"our Lord tinction and honor of working out much of the said.

experimental detail in connection with this new pro- "Suppose ye that I am come to give peace on earth?

gram. Thereafter it was tried out with great success I tell you, Nay; but rather division:

in more than a dozen west coast stakes. Now it has "For from henceforth there shall be five in one

been adopted and is to be put into full operation in house divided, three against two, and two against all stakes. three.

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Melchizedek Priesthood

fl J

"The father shall be divided against the son, and Every priesthood bearer, every member of the the son against the father; the mother against the Church, must become in very deed, a father, mother,

daughter, and the daughter against the mother; the brother, and sister to every new convert! To aid

motherin-law against her daughterin-law, and the in this vital and essential work the Brethren suggest daughterin-law against her motherin-law."(Luke the following program!

12:49, 5153.)

So it is in the life of every new convert—the gospel Making the New Convert One With Us

brings division and trial and turmoil. The process Convert integration should begin long before bapof conversion is one of changing his whole outlook tism. Prospective members of the Church should

on life, his habits, frequently his friends, and even be invited and encouraged to attend Sacrament meethis family ties. The convert chooses to love the. gosings and to participate in all of the auxiliary organizapel more than father or mother or friend or family. tions of the ward in which they will be members in

He changes his beliefs; no longer can he use tea, the event they join the Church. We want to use the

coffee, tobacco, and liquor; frequently his clubs and organizations of the Church for their proselyting

social life go by the board. He often forsakes all, value; we want prospective members of the Church

including occasionally his family, as he turns to that to become acquainted with those of us who already way of life that offers to all its adherents the peace belong so they can better decide whether they want that passeth understanding in this life, plus eternal us for their future fathers and mothers and brothers life in the world to come. and sisters.

As a natural manifestation of true Christian brotherTo help after baptism, those concerned should hood, those who have already matured and become follow the steps of this outline:

stable in the gospel must become fathers and mothers, 1. The member of the stake presidency who superbrothers and sisters, friends and associates of the vises the stake missionary program should be apnewly baptized members of the kingdom. The void pointed to supervise the integration program.

must be filled in the life of those who leave the world 2. A member of the high council is to direct the

and turn to the Church. program. This may be the same man who directs

When our Lord was apprised on one occasion, that the stake missionary work.

"... his mother and his brethren stood without, de- 3. In each ward the bishop will select and set apart

siring to speak with him,"he said: a couple to work with the new converts. This man

"Who is my mother? and who are my brethren?"and wife should be a congenial couple who will go

And he stretched forth his hand toward his disout of their way to assist those who come into the ciples, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren! Church. They should be well known and respected

"For whosoever shall do the will of my Father in the ward, should have time to work evenings with which is in heaven, the same is my brother, and new members, and to assist them in getting to their sister, and mother."(Matt. 12:46, 4850.) various meetings. A (Continued on page 699)

SEPTEMBER 1958 657 by Margaret E. Betts

The pursuit of genealogical information is perhaps England. They represent the reward for a great deal

one of the most absorbing pastimes in which the of letter writing and were sent to me from the UniLatter-day Saint may engage. Not only is it a direct versity of Washington Library at Seattle, Washington.

commandment given by revelation, but it is also a The material covers a period from 1640 to this century means of showing the love and respect which we and filled over fifty family group sheets. Filling these

should accord those who have helped to give us our sheets could have been a tiresome, nervewracking job, heritage. considering the necessity for strict accuracy, if it had

The genealogist who limits himself to the bald not been for the drama behind the facts. Between

statement of statistical fact, however, may find the the lines could be read the drama and pathos of piowork monotonous and unrewarding at times. It is neer life... indeed at times of stark tragedy. Then

soon found that a great deal of laborious research may there was a glimpse of the tender merriment of be necessary for the achievement of that ultimate family occasions, the security of a happy home life, goal, the completed family group sheet. Imagination and to the astute observer perhaps even a little humor

and facts of human interest are the ingredients that shone through.

will enliven the search and bring excitement to what The record begins with William and Ann, both might otherwise be the mere compilation of statistics. born in England, presumably under favorable cir-

I have before me negative photostats giving the cumstances, for William's mother was mentioned in history of a branch of the Scales family which settled the will of Sir William Webb, onetime mayor of in Rowley, Massachusetts, coming there from London, London. The family were members of the parish of

658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is exciting

Reverend Ezekiel Rogers and under his leadership the life this young man led as he wandered from they left with others of his flock to establish the setplace to place. It is to be hoped that the people of

tlement of Rowley, Massachusetts, in 1639. It is inhis time were kind to him and cared for him as he

teresting to speculate on the perils of that sea voyage wandered among them.

undertaken just nineteen years after the Mayflower The records of each generation are characterized by had spent sixtythree weary days on the same waters. the uprightness of its men and their devotion to their

Although life in Rowley must have been full of hardchurch. The women, as was perhaps the custom of

ships, the record points out that William prospered the day, are mentioned but not dwelt upon. Most of

in the lumber business, farming, and stock raising, them bore large families, and it is frightening to and that he was "a staunch supporter of Parson think of their sorrow and difficulties. Here is Sarah,

Rogers and prominent in town affairs."Little is said very fittingly married to Abraham, four generations

of Ann except that she bore him three sons, one to be down from old William. Her first child lived six

killed by a falling tree and another by Indians. In years, the second four years, the third two years, all

July of 1682 William died at the age of seventytwo three dying in September of 1754. The same month

and Ann, seemingly unable to live without him, folshe gave birth to a son who survived to the ripe age lowed in September. What a basis their history would of eightyseven and married four times. Her fifth

be for a thrilling and tender love story! and sixth children died in September 1760, and after

The story continues to unfold. We find William and that she had four more, all of whom lived. What

Matthew, old William's grandsons, both massacred September plague carried off her children we may by the Indians in their own little garrison and each never know, and we can only guess her sorrow and leaving a wife with a family to raise. What a story for the fear that must have been in her heart as she

those who love the excitement of the early Indian wars! raised the others.

Skipping over a little we find the first real "charThe stories continue, and these people come to life acter"in the family history. He is another William, before our eyes. No more are they dull statistics,

four generations removed from the beginning of the no more uninteresting routine. We learn to love these

record. Known as a man of great promise, he was people and long to meet them. They triumphed over

graduated from Harvard in 1771 after studying thethe privations of their times and helped to build their ology. He had no settled pastorate and eventually country. Perhaps through temple work we can bring

became insane, although the record assures us he was them the greatest triumph of all... the triumph over

perfectly harmless. It is interesting to speculate upon the forces of evil.

BEGGARS

by Ivy Houtz Woolley

Three beggars stood close by the side of the road I gave them no favor, yet ever they asked

And held their arms up to the sky. That I pause as I traveled my way;

They seemed to be begging or praying for alms, I tarried at last, stood beside them with pride,

While time passed with unmindful eye; And bowed when the dawn brought the dayThey were bent and distorted, these strange beggars Daybreak that was kind to my meek beggars

three, three, As they stood by the roadside and beckoned to me. For each one became then, a Joshua tree.

SEPTEMBER 1958 659 Fourth of the Series So That's What Boys Are Made Of

The hot and cold period

by W. Cleon Skousen

Chief of Police, Salt Lake City

(Behavior patterns and problems from 7 to 12) as much as his upturned face and deep wistful eyes seem to reflect. Nevertheless, he is moving in the

Sometimes a man will look dreamily out into space right direction. His powers of comprehension will

and say nostalgically, "You know, when I was a expand enormously during the coming year.

boy...."Grown men who speak with such tender Because a boy between seven and eight is trying

reflection of their "boyhood days"are usually thinkto fit in, he is very defensive about his failings.

ing of the happy, carefree years between seven and During his "cold spells"he will alibi, fib, and go into twelve. It is the comparatively uncomplicated period deep, black moods of selfsympathy. He tells himof preadolescence. Parents don't expect too much, self, "Nobody wants me,"and "I guess I'm no good."

and the average boy has the thrill of being accepted During neighborhood quarrels his playmates noisily by parents, teachers, and even the kids in the neighassure him that these are correct conclusions. Of

borhood. Also, for the first time he develops his own course, Junior forgets that he is telling the other

private interpretation of life. He decides he is an youngsters the same thing—especially when he is a

important part of it. member of the majority and the gang is picking on

Of course, we notice that every so often Junior some other lonely outcast. Sevenyear-olds are quick

will hit a cold streak and backslide to his babyhood to criticize, cruel in their thoughtless accusations days and ways. This may give his parents butterfly and are constantly surveying the world with an air of

stomachs but usually he warms up again in time to supreme selfrighteousness.

restore their collapsing confidence. In fact, from This pattern is simply a reflection of a new and

here on they will get an occasional glimpse of the lively awareness that some things are good, others are man who is to be. He looks very promising. bad. It is a whole new way of life for Junior because

he no longer has to wait for his parents to define

Portrait of a Boy Between Seven and Eight right and wrong for him—he finds his own forces of

A sevenyear-old has just come out of the blusterintelligence whispering the answers.

ing, chinjutting panic period which usually engulfs Naturally, he wants to be on the right side all the most sixyear-olds. Often parents find themselves time so whenever he flubs he tries to fib or alibi his

so exhausted and exasperated that they can hardly way out of any embarrassing situation. He does this

contain their relief as Junior slips into the ebb tide primarily to achieve status or save face. He is so

of seven. They notice that whereas he formerly anxious to be somebody, and he feels that being right

acted as though his total career were dedicated to is desperately necessary to achieve it.

the task of wrecking the world, he now seeks to find Parents can help Junior acquire selfconfidence.

out where he can fit into it. He suddenly seems When he is on his high horse of selfrighteousness

rational and reasonable, asks intelligent questions, they can remind him of the need for charity for and, what is more important, he listens to his parents others, and when he is on the low road of selfcon- as though he thought their answers were intelligent. demnation they can remind him how many fine things

Parents, however, must be careful not to impose he does and what a great man he is going to become on a sevenyear-old. He does not understand nearly if he keeps on trying. (Continued on page 670)

660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

by Gordon T. Allied satisfying to hear the sitdown devotees emitting posEditorial Associate sible rattles of defeat. Today more and more doctors

are affirming the old idea that exercise of some

Part One kind is good, for people of almost every age. What's

more, there are increasing indications that exer- "The man who is wise will exercise."These words, cise may not only help prevent diseases, but also

in bold red letters, have caught the eye of many expedite recovery, and possibly increase longevity.

an aspiring young athlete upon his entry into the Despite the new light, however, people throughout

Ogden (Utah) High School locker room. This simple the world are apathetic in the main, and America,

slogan epitomizes a philosophy for some people, a especially, "the land of the free and the home of the standard as vital to health and happiness as eating brave,"is gaining a new reputation: "the land of the

the right food, abstaining from liquor and tobacco, softies and the home of the weaklings."While the

or thinking uplifting thoughts. Church, itself, provides a commendable athletic proEven during the "take it easy"craze of recent years gram for its youth, too many members prefer basking

sets to any progressive body condiwhen writers championed the cause of physical inertia, in the glow of TV is to ourwhen sitdown addicts held sway, vegetating with a tioning. Vital as the Word of Wisdom

vengeance—even then their doctrine of perennial rehealth it seems lamentable and paradoxical, that some

laxation savored of mildew to those who honestly people who pride themselves on not smoking and applied the exercise slogan. To a comparative few drinking can't dash thirty yards to the bus without

the trend seemed contrary to everything associated suffering from violent heart palpitations, and poor with human progress. wind.

Of course, some of this minority group have adThere are at least three basic reasons for this wide-: ( 1 ) The recent philosophy of physimitted vague embarrassment at being accosted with spread problem

such remarks as, "Oh, no! Not one of those! Not cal stagnation: "Never run when you can walk, never

really!"or, "What's the idea, trying to become a walk when you can sit, never sit when you can

muscle man? You mean to tell me that you actually lie"; (2) the superabundance of machines in America

do pushups every morning?"All this, followed by—particularly cars and TV sets; (3) overemphasis on

expressions of bewilderment, perhaps horror—then the individual athletic prowess, and the exclusive nature

"wise"counsel: "Better quit; you'll kill yourself, of school teams.

man! What are the facts? How bad is our plight?

Nevertheless, even under this pessimistic deluge, Much ado during the past two years has been made certain freaks or stalwarts (depending on one's point over an extensive physical fitness survey among of view) continued their daily exercises, simply beAmerican school children. Known as the Krauscause they came away from each session with a sense Weber tests, six simple exercises designed merely to

of aliveness and satisfaction, a certain respect for indicate minimum strength for normal living, they themselves. They had seen exercise transform people, had been administered to over 4,000 American school

had seen flabby, listless, even feeble specimens altered children. The results were shocking, so dismaying

radically, had even seen personalities take on a new to the President of the United States that during 1956, sheen. he inaugurated a campaign for youth fitness.

Consequently, today, under a new stream of mediOf the six simple tests, fiftyseven percent of the cal fact and opinion, exercise advocates may find it American children had failed at least one, as com662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

IWISE WILL i

pared with only 8.7 percent of the nearly 3,000 EuroAmericans can be just as fit as their brothers from other

pean children tested. lands, the majority will not become so, unless pressured

At the onset of this testing it had been assumed into it. This is a cause for alarm. It may be symptothat the betternourished American children would matic of other weaknesses also.

have a distinct advantage—a woefully fallacious idea! If American children, adolescents, and young

The tests dealing with strength, for instance, revealed adults are below par physically, it seems likely that the following failure rate: (1) American—35.7 percent, the older generation, even less active, is in worse

(2) Italian (children subjected to wartime starvation) straits. Too many adults lament the general de-

2.3 percent, (3) Swiss—0.5 percent, (4) Guatemalan—generation of today's youth, without wondering

percent. whether the condition isn't indicative of even greater

What about adolescents and adults? Over two problems in the parents.

years ago the Rogers Physical Fitness Index Test was Of course, it is quite an easy matter for a lazy soul given to some 4,000 boys in junior and senior high to pass the whole matter off with a disparaging, "So schools throughout the nation. In every school the what? Who cares? So my muscles aren't as big as

boys lagged behind the national fitness averages of some jerk's in Russia!"This is quick evidence that

preceding years. he doesn't begin to grasp the implications of physical

It has been suggested that the previously menfitness—its relationship to success and happiness in

tioned tests may not provide a fair picture of Amerievery aspect of life. First of all, unless one is decan fitness, that we might compare more favorably sirous of becoming a circus strong man, a professional

in other tests. This may or may not be true. But weight lifter, or perhaps an "exhibitionist"on Muscle

certain facts should not be overlooked: (1) The Beach, the developing of great, glistening muscles is

KrausWeber tests are merely designed to indicate not of primary importance. Exercise has greater

minimum standards for normal healthy existence. If purposes.

the United States, with its high standard of living, falls far short in minimal tests of fitness, how will it Exercise and Disease compare under more strenuous examinations? ( 2 ) ReFor years many people have maintained that there

gardless of how America compares with other counis no relationship between muscularity and health. At

tries it should be noted that its Rogers Physical Fitness best, this is only a halftruth. While big muscles,

test scores fall below national average for previous themselves, may have no direct bearing on one's years. (3) Add to these considerations the fact that health, muscle tone is at least a significant indication

we are positively becoming a more sedentary people. of one's health. The reason is simple. Exercise is

Does physical inactivity mean physical decline? If necessary for good muscle tone. Good muscle tone,

so—and it is so—Americans are rolling downhill, and especially in the arms and legs, is necessary for proper

will continue unless strong measures are taken. blood circulation. When muscles are soft and flabby,

Certain factions have maintained that there is no thrombosis (clotting) will occur more readily. In

cause for alarm, since many children failing the Krausaddition, exercise has a beneficial effect on the diaWeber tests can pass them readily enough with trainphragm, enabling it better to bring oxygen to the ing. Some military instructors have reported, also, lungs, remove carbon dioxide, and aid in blood suction

that basic trainees can be whipped into top physical into the heart.

condition quite readily. While all this may be true, Recent medical experiments furnish presumptive

it should not negate another vital fact: Although evidence that exercise is ( Continued on page 687

SEPTEMBER 1958 663 I am delighted, my brothers and sisters, for the opportunity of meeting with you here today. I am happy to join with these

other officers in welcoming you to our conference. Like you I have been stirred

this morning by what we have seen and heard, and I am sure, like you, I have made resolution that I will do my best to improve myself in my performance in the work of the Lord.

As always when I sing or join in singing the song wc finished a few moments ago, "Shall the Youth of Zion Falter?"I cannot help asking myself to be realistic in

making the answer. "Shall the youth of

Zion falter in defending truth and right?"

n of zion falter?

an address given by Apostle Mark E. Petersen at the

annual MIA Conference June 13, 1958

As I think about the answer to that song

I cannot help thinking of the prophecies that have been made about the future of this Church. I believe with all my soul

that this is the "stone cut out of the mountain without hands."I believe with all

my soul that it will roll forth and eventually fill the whole earth. That is the destiny

of this Church. That is the destiny of the

youth who must roll that stone forth until it shall fill the whole earth, and so I am grateful that the Lord is sending to the earth at this time young people so filled with faith, so filled with the love of righteousness, young people so determined to go forward and do a great work.

But as I think of the destiny of the young people, and as I think of the question

raised in this song, "Shall the Youth of Zion Falter?"and it comes right back to those who do the training.

I think also of other prophecies that have been made, What kind of training job do you do? Do you qualify

prophecies which say that in the very time when this them not only for the offensive in life, but do you also stone will be rolling forth to fill the whole earth, at qualify them for selfpreservation? Can they defend

this very time when the youth of Zion will be fighting themselves in the face of the worldliness of a wicked to preserve the faith, that very time also will be like and an adulterous generation?

the time of Noah, a time of wickedness. It was even So, when we ask the question, "Shall the youth of

said that this would be the time of a wicked and an Zion falter?"we must say, "Some will, and some

adulterous generation. won't."But where will lie the responsibility for those

As I think of the conflict of these two forces, the who won't? Some of it will be upon the shoulders

force of righteousness rolling forth eventually to fill of the youth themselves, that is true, but a large the whole earth, and then the other force which is proportion of the responsibility for the casualties in already making of the world, even of our great nathis great conflict will rest upon those who are suption, America, a wicked and an adulterous generaposed to train them to meet the issue, train them so to tion, I ask myself, "Shall the youth of Zion falter in live that by their actions they will answer, "No, they defending truth and right?"will not falter; they will go forward and win the

fight."We are in a real war. You remember that the

Prophet Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon looked into the heavens and saw a vision of the Savior and his

Father, and then they saw another vision—a vision of

Satan—and that vision says:

"And this we saw also, and bear record, that an angel of God who was in authority in the presence of God, who rebelled against the Only Begotten Son whom the Father loved and who was in the bosom of the Father, was thrust down from the presence of God and the Son, "And was called Perdition, for the heavens wept over him—he was Lucifer, a son of the morning.

"And we beheld, and lo, he is fallen! is fallen, even

a son of the morning!

"And while we were yet in the Spirit, the Lord

Just what effect will this surge of worldliness have commanded us that we should write the vision; for

upon the youth of Zion? In any great conflict there we beheld Satan, that old serpent, even the devil,

are casualties, are there not? In every great conflict, who rebelled against God, and sought to take the

of course, there are deeds of heroism. There are kingdom of our God and his Christ—

victories. But there are also casualties. Which will "Wherefore, he maketh war with the saints of God,

be the casualties in this fight—John or Mary, your and encompasseth them round about.

son, my son, your daughter, my neighbor's daughter, "And we saw a vision of the sufferings of those the boy around the corner? There will be casualties. with whom he made war and overcame,..."( D & C

Who will they be? 76:2530.)

In every great conflict the soldiers who survive Before the Revolutionary War, Patrick Henry made generally are not only those who are trained well for a great speech—one of the greatest speeches I know

the offensive, but also those who are trained well in—in the Virginia Assembly, and as part of that

selfdefense, in selfpreservation. The untrained, the speech he said, "Mr. President, it is natural to man to

raw recruits, they are the troops who never win the indulge in the illusions of hope. We are apt to shut

battle. The untrained are the ones who pile up the our eyes against the painful truth and listen to the

casualties in a war. Very largely the answer to song of that siren till she transforms us into beasts.

whether or not the youth of Zion will falter rests Is this the part of wise men engaged in a great and upon the kind of training given to the youth of Zion, arduous struggle for (Continued on page 676)

SEPTEMBER 1958 665

When Solomon declared:

"He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty;

and he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city"(Prov. 16:32), he knew that individual spiritual development cannot be realized without selfdiscipline.

Someone has said, "The size of a man may be measured by the size of the things that make him angry."How true that is! To become upset and

angry over trivial matters is indicative of childishness and immaturity in a person. And yet too often anger

rushes to the fore. We are constantly exposed to irritations as we mingle with others—and even when we

are alone. How we react to these irritations is a reflection of our personalities and temperaments. It would

seem reasonable to believe that in order to develop a healthy, pleasing personality one must avoid being easily provoked to anger. Not only would we show

more maturity, but we would also be in better control of the disturbing situation; because seldom, if ever, is Be Slow any good accomplished while persons are in a state

of anger. Anger does not contribute to good. It is a

destroyer, not a builder.

like a poison physically affects us and as as well mento Anger Medical science has given evidence that anger acts tally. It is a usually boomerang which does more

harm to the one who is angry than to the person toward whom the anger is directed. As the old Chinese

by ElRay L. Christiansen proverb says, "The fire you kindle for your enemy

often burns yourself more than him."

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve "Dr. Crile, the noted Cleveland physician who wrote

a book upon the Origin and Nature of Emotions, said that '... when we are angry we have not our normal

equipment because the greater part is blocked off, and we are no more our complete selves than when we are drunk.'Also he said that \.. under anger or fear

there occurs a destruction of brain cells that are but slowly repaired, and, under stress of severe and prolonged emotion, the brain is permanently injured."

In preparation for the next visit of (From Better Than Gold, by George Matthew the ward teachers, it is hoped that Adams.

There is no doubt that anger can have a damaging each family will read, as a part of effect upon the heart and nervous system. On the

their family hour, this stirring artiother hand, selfcontrol, composure, and cheerfulness are conducive to good physical and mental health.

cle. It is one of a series in which Not only does intemperate anger affect us physically

General Authorities, in cooperation and mentally, in a negative way, but at the same time with the Presiding Bishopric, discuss it also destroys wisdom and sound judgment. It is

folly in the extreme to transact business or to make any the monthly ward teaching topics. important decision while angry. To act while in a

Family Hour Discussion Topic

violent state of anger is as unwise and foolish as Why does one rise to anger? The dominant cause

it is for a captain to put to sea in a raging storm. is, undoubtedly, pride. In one of his brief essays,

Only injury and wreckage result from angered moDr. Frank Crane gives his reason why most people

ments. When anger rules, tempered judgment flees. become angry:

Then the person who is composed has a distinct "... most anger is the irritation of offended vanity.

advantage over one who is angered. Somewhere I We think a lot of our own opinion, and when one

read this statement: "When one is in the right, he sneers at it, it is as if he threw mud on our white

need not lose his temper; and when he is wrong, he duck trousers.... We are never angry, save when

cannot afford to."our pride is hurt. Anger is selfesteem on fire."

Even though false accusations smite one and sting "Life is too short his pride, he should exercise selfcontrol. The very

For words that hurt, fact that such accusations are not true should give

For subtle thrusts, one the fortitude to resist emotional retaliation. With

And phrases curt Rudyard Kipling we should say:

And motives unkind And sharp retort. "If you can keep your head when all about you

For any of these, Are losing theirs and blaming it on you;

Life is too short."If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you,

—Lucille Veneklason But make allowance for their doubting too;

If you can wait and not be tired of waiting,

The ravages of anger were recognized in the days Or, being lied about, don't deal in lies, of old when Plutarch stated that, "Frequent fits of Or being hated don't give way to hating, anger produced in the soul a propensity to be angry; And yet don't look too good, nor talk too wise."

which ofttimes ends in choler, bitterness, and morosity, when the mind becomes ulcerated, peevish, and If one can do this and at the same time cultivate other querulous and is wounded by the least occurrence."virtues cited in his wellknown poem, "If,"Kipling

Indignation is excusable and justifiable when dideclares that "yours is the earth and everything that's rected against those acts and statements which are in it—which is more—you'll be a man, my son."

in opposition to the laws of justice, love, and decency. The painting in the chapel of the Salt Lake Temple

But to lose our temper, to explode, and to become portrays Jesus who, although having been falsely bitter and hateful over petty situations is inexcusable. accused and made the subject of railings and mockery,

If not curbed, such tendencies will lose for us the stands majestic and composed before Pontius Pilate respect and the love of others. who was enraged because his prisoner would not

answer him. It is significant that not one of those

"Anger is a forest fire who railed against Him—in spite of his hatred, lies,

That burns in every season, or other injustices—was (Continued on page 674)

When opening your mouth in wrath

You close your eyes to reason.

"Anger is a wretched thief Elder ElRay L. followedChristiansenthe

Who steals your love away, vocation of teaching before

And leaves a lonely, ransacked heart being calledactivityto fulltimeas an AssistantChurch

Where all was once so gay. to the Council of the Twelve

in October 1951.

Formerly, missionary in the "Anger is a foolish game Central States, mission president

That leaves its winners blue, presidentin TexasLouisiana,of East Cache

For one who flares at anything ( Utah ) Stake, president of the Logan he now officiates Will fume at nothing, too."Temple,

as president of the By courtesy of Nick Kenny and the New York Daily Mirror. Salt Lake Temple.

SEPTEMBER 1958 667 a. a 7%e Presiding

:. L ':':: "::: ''::',';*> ''*: ":

Bishopric's

Page

/-v:;::*:-

INDIAN BOYS NOW INCLUDED and confidence wherever he goes. He loves his felIN AARONIC PRIESTHOOD AWARD PROGRAM low men and seems to know just what to do and say

to give them a needed lift and to make the world

Indian boys who are deacons, teachers, or priests brighter for them individually.

who meet the specified requirements, are to be given By assignment his efforts and interest have been individual Aaronic Priesthood awards beginning with directed to the spiritual and physical needs of senior the 19581959 school year. members and their families. He is constantly alert for

Many of our Indian boys come off the reservations opportunities to render service. He is never officious.

to attend schools in areas where wards are organHe slowly but surely wins their friendship and ized. They see their white brothers receive them. It confidence and guides them to a greater understandis hoped that each bishop having Indian boys in his ing and appreciation of the gospel.

ward who bear the Aaronic Priesthood will extend To him, his calling is of primary importance. Nothto these young men the privileges of the award proing takes precedence over his priesthood responsigram according to the following exceptions: bility and his position in the kingdom of God.

1. All Indian boys who bear the Aaronic PriestBecause of his diligence and through his efforts,

hood, and who live in an organized ward, may be many who have been long inactive in the Church, qualified by the bishop to receive the individual award and who have wasted precious moments in the short if they meet the specified requirements, on a pro rata probation of mortality are now happily engaged in basis, from the beginning of the school year, 1958, to the work of the Lord. He is a master at the art of

December 31, 1958. gentle persuasion. He is not rich in the wealth of

2. Beginning January 1, 1959 all Indian boys may the world; but wealthy in the things that really count,

qualify for the individual Aaronic Priesthood award friends and the approbation of our Father in heaven.

on a pro rata basis from the time they enter school Who is this man? The real question is, "Are you

until December 31 of that year, excusing them for this individual?"

all time spent with their natural parents on the reservation during the year. Senior Members

3. Names of Indian boys to receive the award should UNDERSTANDING LEADERSHIP

be included in the same application form as used to IMPORTANT IN SENIOR PROGRAM apply for awards at the end of each year. No separate applications or notations are necessary. Senior members of the Aaronic Priesthood are

frequently faced with the challenges of overcoming

Senior Members known weaknesses or of changing habit patterns of

THE MEASURE OF A REAL long standing. To meet successfully such challenges

SENIOR LEADER requires not only selfdiscipline and personal drive, but also the support of others who understand and

I know a certain man who is called to work with care. This is the responsibility and high calling of

senior members of the Aaronic Priesthood; a man those who work with senior members of the Aaronic

who really lives to serve others. He is one of the Priesthood.

happiest men I have ever met, radiating sunshine The senior leader who occasionally recalls his own

668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA struggle to repent of sins or to overcome inhibitions STUDY GUIDE FOR WARD TEACHERS and fears is usually more competent to deal with the OCTOBER 1958 intricate problems of senior members. He knows the

feeling of loneliness and helplessness within a seemBe Slow to Anger ing shell of indifference. He knows the power of the

adversary to make what is wrong appear right. He Almost daily we come in contact with someone ivho

realizes the importance of patience and perseverance. is impatient, touchy, or easily irritated. There are

He knows, too, the power of love and friendship in those ivho excuse this fault as a family trait or perinstilling faith and courage to win the struggle. He sonal weakness. It should not be dismissed in this

lets his light shine and fill the darkened recesses of manner. The components of ill temper are made up

men's souls; he inspires them to rise above their of jealousy, envy, anger, conceit, harshness, cruelty,

oppositions. and unkindness. Each of these imperfections is a vice

Men generally do not walk alone to success; we within itself capable of producing misery, laying waste

are more or less dependent on each other. We need to homes, suspending cherished friendships, embitthe strength, support, and loving ministrations of tering people, and generating disunity. To engender

those about us; we need friendship and the assurance hatred is to plant the seeds of revenge, the spirit of

that we belong and are needed. which is retaliation and reprisal. Such an attitude

If senior members are to qualify themselves for can never be expected to produce anything but rereceiving the Melchizedek Priesthood, they must have sentment.

the support of loving leaders who understand their If an inventory could be taken each day of the numlongings and their needs. ber of those offended, it 'would be shocking. Unkind

If leaders are to enjoy success in motivating their words will be spoken today that will produce ill feelgroup members to activity, they must know their ing that will endure for a lifetime. Let us consider

feelings, their aspirations and desires and minister to the words of Jesus and strive to overcome indignation them accordingly. by exhibiting a higher regard for our fellow men:

"But I say unto you, That whosoever is angry with

CHALLENGING RECORDS his brother without a cause shall be in danger of the judgment: and whosoever shall say to his brother,

To approach ordination to the Melchizedek PriestRaca, shall be in danger of the council: but whosohood with a perfect record of attendance at priestever shall say, Thou fool, shall be in danger of hell

hood and Sacrament meetings and Sunday School fire."(Matt. 5:22.)

since being ordained a deacon is a challenging and When Solomon said, "He thai is slow to anger is commendable record. We present the records of better than the mighty; and he that ruleth his spirit

two such outstanding young men. than he that taketh a city"(Prov. 16:32), he was visioning the potential strength of personal discipline.

-i, A triumph over the spirit strengthens the soul.

Sk We cannot live in total isolation; therefore, we

Walter D. Checketts should he conscious of the influence our temperament

Russell J. Young has upon our associates. This is one of life's most

serious responsibilities. To every man is given the

power to conquer the wrath of his spirit. Each of us JJfc is ruler over his own ndnd. If we yield easily to anger,

select Left is Walter D. Checketts, Ogden First Ward, Weber that weakness will have power over us. We

(Utah) Stake, who, in addition to his perfect attendance our thoughts, make our decisions, and are responsible record, has earned If in our thinking we giveDuty to God, and lunior the rankM Menof EagleKnightScout,Awards.Silver Explorer, for our reaction to emotion.

Right is Russell J. Young, Provo Thirteenth Ward, East place to the ugly and sordid, it is sure to find expresProvo ( Utah If on the other hand our thoughts are elevatedattendance at ) meetingsStake, withand, thein addition,same distinguishedhas earned recordthe Dutyof sion.

to God Award and has completed his ward teaching assignto the joyful and sublime, then those qualities will ment each month for the past four years. be reflected in our behavior: "Whatsoever ye sow,

that also shall ye reap."(Gal. 6:7.)

It is imperative that each of us becomes the master

SUBJECT OF STUDY GUIDE of his spirit, thereby enabling us to demonstrate

FOR NOVEMBER 1958 greater consideration for the feelings of our families and our friends. This achievement will make a better

Thanksgiving world in which to live.

SEPTEMBER 1958 669 The Hot and Cold Period To see astonishment or admiration mates, it is almost a certainty that on their listeners'faces. his buddies have been stealing, too.

(Continued) When a child lies, it is important Therefore, any treatment should into discover why. If it is for the fear clude the whole gang. If Junior is

The Age of Accountability of punishment he must learn that stealing to get things he thinks he his punishment will be less if he needs, it is important to give Junior

At around eight when a boy gains tells the truth. (And parents must a chance to earn what he needs.

a strong personal awareness of what be sure that he gets proof of this.) Parents will frequently find that they

is right and what is wrong, he needs If he is seeking praise it sometimes have been negligent in setting up to feel the gradual social pressures helps to wait until he does someJunior's workallowance program of being accountable for his acts. thing genuinely praiseworthy before which we will discuss later. Such

Experts in the field of juvenile telling him that since he has real a program is usually very helpful crime find that frequently a youngthings to be proud of he won't in diverting him from his proclivity ster will be allowed to get away have to use makebelieve things any for latching onto other people's stuff.

with stealing, lying, and cheating for more. When he is telling a lie to We find that revenge is also used

many years on the ground that "he protect a friend it has to be worked by some youngsters as an excuse for is still too young to be punished for out so that he can tell the truth stealing. The objective here is to

such things."Even the juvenile without feeling guilty of disloyalty. find out his reason for wanting relaws tend to minimize the feeling If he tells big fibs just to impress venge. Sometimes the offense under

of responsibility in youth, and sopeople he will usually respond to which Junior is smarting is very real.

ciety is paying a heavy toll wherever a friendly but downto-earth disHe will not respond to a lecture on this is the case. cussion on the subject and disconhonesty and property rights until

Recently, while in New York, I tinue the practice. he is certain that the person who

accepted an invitation to visit with The main thing is to see that cheated or abused him is also going

Dr. Manuel Lopez Rev, Director of incidents of deliberate deceit are to be handled by the powers that be.

Social Defense for the United Nachallenged and not allowed to take Lastly, a boy may be stealing to tions. He reviewed the results of root. gain status. He finds that certain

a recent worldwide survey of juvetypes of friendship can be purnile delinquency which clearly The Problem of Stealing chased with gifts. Since he does

demonstrated that in those countries In many respects stealing is siminot have the money to buy the where parents (and the laws) give lar to telling fibs. The boy knows necessary assortment of boy bribes,

children an early sense of responsibetter, but he finds himself slipping he steals them. A boy who is stealbility for their acts there is relaevery once in awhile. There are ing to buy friendship is obviously

tively little juvenile crime. On the several reasons why a preadolescent a lonely misfit. Solving his stealing

other hand, in Denmark, Sweden, boy will generally have had, some problem will follow almost autoand the United States where the experience in "taking things"even matically if we can solve his more youth are over protected until though he knows better: immediate problem of getting acreaching nearadulthood, the highest To prove to his playmates (or to cepted. Of course, we must first

youth crime rates exist. Dr. Rey himself) how smart and clever he decide if we want him accepted by

feels we should start fixing responsiis the particular gang whose favor he bility at around eight when Junior To satisfy a real or imaginary is seeking. Often the first task is

reaches his age of accountability. need to raise his sights so he will seek out

But of course he also points out To get even with somebody a higher type of associates. Once

that this is a gradual process and To become popular by having we have decided the group is all we must not expect too much too something to give away. right there are some very practical

soon. In each and every case when things we can do to help Junior

Experts tell us that while the Junior is discovered indulging himachieve acceptance.

normal child reaches a plateau of self in somebody else's property the ethical consciousness at around parent will get the best results by Portrait of a Boy between eight years old, his sense of honesty laying it on the line. If he is stealEight and Nine

and respect for property rights is ing to impress some of his playstill too fragile to expect a consistent We have already emphasized that performance. Nevertheless, the pareight is the beginning of a strong

ent can go forward with the assurethical awareness which makes this ance that when Junior does lie or MAPMAGIC the "age of accountability."And,

steal he definitely knows what he as we would suspect, our eightis doing, and the pressures of reaby Elaine V. Emans yearold is riding a swift incoming

sonable discipline need to be aptide. He wants to be a grownup

plied. This a map can do for me: as soon as possible. He is a hero

Whisk me to exotic places worshiper and admires certain

The Problem of Fibbing Lying in its painted sea, adults with almost melodramatic deChildren will lie for any of these While imagination traces votion. It is important, therefore,

reasons: Routes that I could follow far. to surround him with the kind of

To avoid punishment But each map that makes me roam adults who are worthy of such hero

To get praise they do not deserve Under a foreign sun or star worship. He loves to hear about

To protect a friend Leaves me doubly glad of home. Indians, pirates, and pioneers. It

670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA D17p talks in 8-hour pi wincp test

Actual photograph after 8 hours of plowing plows 67% more acres uses a half gallon less fuel per acre

There's meaning for every farmer in this allday 67 percent more acres than its competitor. and

plowing test of the AllisChalmers D-17, pictured used a half gallon less fuel per acre.

here, in competition with a tractor of another Think what this saving in fuel will mean to you make that weighed nearly 1,000 lbs. more. in a full season's work... or better yet, during the

Plowing conditions were identical... same tractor's lifetime!

field, same soil, same depth, same fuel, same length Yes, your dollars do a lot more farming when of time—8 hours. Both tractors were driven by the you move up to a dynamic D-17 or D-14 Tractor

farmers who owned them, and both were operated... today's most advanced farm tractors. Ask your

at their normal plowing speed and load capacity. AllisChalmers dealer for a revealing demonstraUsing an AllisChalmers plow, the D-17 with tion on your own farm.

standard Power Director (the Big Stick) and autoALUS-CHALMERS,MILWAUKEEFARM1, EQUIPMENTWISCONSIN DIVISION matic Traction Booster system plowed exactly

TRACTION BOOSTER is an AllisChalmers trademark

Listen! National Farm & Home Hour

—NBC—Saturdays ALLISCHALMERS

SEPTEMBER 1958 671 is an ideal time to get him into Cub practise without supervision for aphe is likely to wriggle and wiggle.

Scouting or some similar boys'orproximately thirty minutes. He can put a high shine on a pair

ganization. However, a nineyear-old is likeof Sunday pants after only a few

Among his playmates he is usually to carry things to extremes or to weeks of wearing.

ly robust and generally capable of overdo it. If parents will permit it, Most nineyear-olds are still

sticking up for his own rights. Neverhe will see the same show three clothes dumpers. He comes home

theless, he accepts a remarkable times in one day. from school and flings his gear and

amount of group discipline. When He also has a very shallow endurclothing onto the nearest chair,

he makes a mistake he is often ance quotient when it comes to pain completely unaware that eventually humble and selfcriticizing. "Boy,"or physical discomfort. He is a somebody will have to hang it up.

he says, "did I goof!"fidgety fuss budget. In church, even Sometimes it pays to take a penny

He has a spirit of high adventure when actually enjoying the services, out of his allowance each time he in his soul. He digs caves, makes

tree houses, gets on the roof and explores the attic. As at four, he

is all over the neighborhood, making all kinds of contacts—some good,

some bad. He is a big talker and

likes to swap things. In trading Freedom so rare, so precious,similar things such as a knife for a—

protectknife, of is very capable he is interests, gullible so perishableing his but he when it comes to novelties and may trade his father's wrist watch for a twentyfive cent Scout compass. Richard L. Evans

During the next three years he will be organizing or joining little May we turn a moment or two to freedom—that

neighborhood clubs (to meet in the freedom which relatively so few in all this world is full to essential the so yet and had, which have of THE or tree house). thecave None SPOKEN life; so for effective living of that which freedom last will long. thirdthese About the WORD

price, so a yet have have paid which many many the treasury is bulgmeeting (when ing with 12 or 14 cents) he is likely forgotten the price paid and the principles by which it would be it, to those who have always hadto suggest that the gang go to the preserved. To those who have

candy store, blow the treasury and it, it seems so simple; and yet it is so rare, and precious, and perishcall it quits. able; forever challenged, forever encroached upon, forever abused.

As one might suspect, this is an One of the most precious of life's privileges is the recognized right enjoyable age. He gets much for a man to become what he can become. At too many times, in

closer to his father. He generally too many places, people have been prevented from rising to that

pleases his mother. He feels good plane, to that place, where.their work, their willingness, their

about life. talents and intelligence would take them. But where the light of

freedom has burned brightly, thank God, men could become what

Portrait of a Boy between they could become, equal in the right to try, even if not all posNine and Ten sessedgloriousofrightthe tosametry, talentsthe Lordor Godattainments.did not giveButor evenguaranteewith thisany

As a boy moves up past nine we unearned assurances; but only opportunity: opportunity to think,

know he should be in an ebbtide to speak, to work, to worship, to enjoy the fruits of work, (and period but there are no radical with that personal privacy which some may feel is too long lost), changes apparent in Junior's maturato pursue happiness, to distinguish between right and wrong.

tion pattern. He just seems to build Sometimes men enslave themselves—with thoughts and attitudes

pleasantly onto his eightyear-old and habits. Sometimes they enslave themselves with sin—with an

self. He does not like to be babied. unquiet conscience. Sometimes they lose freedom by letting others

He has increased selfreliance. He is—either individuals or agencies—exceed themselves or their assign-

a selfstarter and likes to "put his ments. The spirit of freedom is contagious, but so is slavery. And

mind to things."He can work with no one's freedom is safe under conditions of indifference, or with

an erector set or other constructive unwillingness to carry responsibility or to preserve principles. No

toys for several hours without beone's freedom is safe so long as comfort is valued more, or so long coming bored. To perfect certain as we are content to let others do too much for us—especially too

skills, he will do things over and much thinking and doing of what we should be doing for ourselves.

over again. He is a good reader, "Lean liberty,"said an old observer, "is better than fa't slavery."1

generally likes school, and wants to It is still true, always and ever, that "where the Spirit of the Lord is, do new things like learning to swim, there is liberty"-—liberty within the keeping of the commandice skate, or ski. He wants to be ments, liberty within the living of the law.

on a baseball team or learn how to play basketball. He is usually re- "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

sponsive to music lessons and freColumbia Broadcasting System, June 29, 1958. Copyright 1958.

quently he can be relied upon to (See page 703 for footnotes.)

672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In a sense, Kennecott's stockholders can be helped Kennecott maintain successful operacalled Utah pioneers, even though many of tions through the years. And today, continued

them may never have been in our state. How pioneering is helping to assure future operais this seemingly contradictory situation extions.

plained? The answer lies in the business they Pioneers opened up a new country when

own—an industrial pioneer in Utah. they settled what is now Utah. Business

pioneers helped the new country grow and

Kennecott is pioneering today in developprosper. And Kennecott's owners, whose ining new and better methods and equipment vested savings are used to carry on industrial

to improve operations. This is necessary to pioneering, are part of this growth and

adjust operations and production to meet the prosperity.

problems created by the highly competitive copper market. These nearly 90,000 owners are a crosssection of America. They live throughout our

Kennecott's pioneering attitude can be country—they are engaged in many occupatraced to the very foundation of the copper tions—they represent all walks of life. But in

industry in our state, which was based on an one respect they are all alike. They are mementirely new concept of mining and processing bers of the copper team—industrial pioneers

low grade copper ore. Pioneering improvements who are important to Utah's development.

sillllllliili $9 f ft >spL.sJ1m111

mmm. Kennecott Copper Corporation"':-,'-.-.:-.,.-.".I -:.->:

Ill;ms0 A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

SEPTEMBER 1958 673

forgets. Later on when his sense brought home by the police for feriority, rejection, or failure. Many

of tidiness has suddenly blossomed some minor infraction of boyhood of them show evidence of more than it will be amusing to hear him bawl mischiefs, his mother defends him an average amount of shyness at out his younger brothers and siswith heroic defiance. "I don't betwo-and-a-half and again between

ters. He may even tell them how, in lieve it! Junior just would not do five and eight. But there is no serihis own youth, "the folks made me such a thing. Imagine, grown men ous cause for worry unless there is

pick up my stuff."Parents find it picking on a mere child!"As the marked antisocial behavior after

difficult to keep a chuckle from officers go back down the walk Juneight. Between eight and nine the

bubbling out as they recall how he ior says to himself, "Boy, Ma sure normal youngster is usually capable practically ignored their pleas to pulled me out of that one! Now if of taking care of his interests and

"pick up his stuff."I can just keep her convinced that "getting in on the act."Failure to

I didn't do it."do so calls for special help from parProblem of the Shy and Obviously, serious personality and ents, teachers, the local Den Mother,

Rejected Boy character damage can result when or any other adult working with a boy is the victim of over protechim. The task is to give him selfProbably at this point we should tion. As early as possible a boy confidence and status with his own

pause for a moment to consider should learn to stand on his own group. The attack is usually fourthose parents who spend a great feet, stick up for his own rights and fold:

deal of energy worrying over a boy be accountable for his own acts. 1. Find out what he can do at

who appears to be shy or antisocial. Parents can encourage this developleast as well as others in the group.

These boys usually fall into three ment by constantly keeping in mind 2. Give him a chance to show it

classifications. The first type is not the stage of growth Junior has off when the group is together.

really shy, he just ignores his own reached. If they do this they will 3. Try to find something in which

age group. After studying his benot expect too much too soon, and, he excels above the others.

havior we find he is not antisocial at the same time they can apply the 4. Make this known to his own

but merely selfsufficient. He usualappropriate amount of pressure on group in such a way that it will

ly has advanced hobbies, mature Junior so that the twig will be bent create group admiration. ( If handled

intellectual interests, does a lot of in the right direction. improperly it will create jealousy

reading, and seeks out the company The third type of antisocial perand resentment.

of older children or adults. Boys sonality is the classical problem of A shy child may take several

his own age bore him, therefore he shyness which is characterized by years of careful supervision to bring wanders away from them. Such a an inferiority complex. This is the him out of his social slump. Freboy needs a friend, but he will only little fellow who is scared out of his quently, however, this type of boy

accept those who seem to have inwits by people. Because all chilpossesses keen insights and is highly

terests similar to his own. dren are sensitive to ridicule or exintelligent. He may become an outThis was the boyhood pattern of cessive criticism it is easy for them standing adult.

Thomas Edison, and it is typical of to get a feeling of inadequacy, in- (To be continued) a great many boys who become outstanding leaders in adulthood. As

long as a boy of this type maintains a wholesome attitude toward people in general, there is little cause Be Slow to Anger and disregards the feelings of those to worry. about him. In the home, anger

The second type is the overpro- (Continued) able to taunt Jesus should be controlled and love should tected boy. His problem is "Mominto an unrighteous, angry mood. abound. When, in his most impresism."He is usually the victim of He did not retaliate in kind. To do sionable years, a child experiences

a wellmeaning but overdominating so would have had no good effect. ugly situations which result from

mother. She lovingly hovers over Rather he stood erect, poised, ununcontrolled tempers; when he hears

him like a mother hen constantly moved. His conduct was divine. unkind words exchanged between

clucking at him: "Junior, leave imWhat an example to all of us! his father and mother; and when

mediately so you won't be late. Let Perhaps it was with this example he sees contention crowd out an

me tie your shoes first. I'll comb of the Master in mind that President atmosphere of kindness and mutual

your hair better, too. Did I get Brigham Young admonished: respect—when these conditions make

you your rubbers? Here is your "Cease your anger, and sullenup a child's environment, what

lunch, and mother piled your books ness of temper, and serve the Lord chance has he to become noble? The

together so you wouldn't forget with cheerfulness, and singleness of minds of children are like the sensithem. Have a nice day, Junior, and heart.... Do not get so angry that tive plates of a photographer; they

be home exactly by three fortyfive you cannot pray; do not allow yourrecord every incident, good and bad.

so Mama won't worry."selves to become so angry that you Our children may forget much that

When Junior plays with the neighcannot feed an enemy—even your is said, but they never forget that

bor children, she is constantly inworst enemy...."(Discourses of which they are made to feel.

terfering to make certain Junior is Brigham Young, pp. 268269.) "... you cannot imagine a real,

not imposed upon. During neighThe man or the woman with an true Christian, and especially a

borhood quarrels Junior does not uncontrolled temper is like an unmember of the Mormon Church, have to stick up for his rights. His disciplined child—he expresses his swearing at his wife. Why, it is

mother does. When Junior is emotions explosively or by sulking, inconceivable that such a thing as

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Most Mountain West families agree on these top shows families Do agree cwKSLTV onKSLTV SUNDAY NIGHT THEATRE... Sunday 9:30 p.m.

Channel 5 is way ahead! FRONTIER DOCTOR

... Monday 9:00 p.m.

All because of the growing HIGHWAY PATROL habit ofMountain West m... Tuesday 8:30 p.m.

families... taking 5 for '::': THE MILLIONAIRE

... Wednesday 7:00 p.m. their family TV viewing!

mmm PLAYHOUSE 90... Thursday 7:30 p.m*

SHERIFF OF COCHISE... Friday 9:00 p.m.

channel BILL AMES, "The News at 10"... Weeknights at 10:00 p.m.

SEPTEMBER 1958 675 that could be in a home and espequalities in a husband which made his trespasses standeth condemned cially with children around. How for a happy life together. She listed before the Lord; for there remaineth

can anyone justify quarreling in first the willingness to apologize. in him the greater sin..

front of children?"(David O. She knew that if a man is big "I, the Lord, will forgive whom I

McKay, General Conference Report, enough to apologize in a genuine will forgive, but of you it is required

April 4, 5 & 6, 1958.) way, he has one of the essential to forgive all men."(D & C 64:9-

An ancient prophet offered simiqualities to be a good, compatible 10.)

lar counsel. "... let not the sun go companion. If his egotism should There would be no bitterness, no

down upon your wrath"was the keep him from apologizing and seekspirit of unforgiveness in the hearts admonition of Paul to the Ephesians ing forgiveness, it would be difficult of the children of our Father if we (Eph. 4:26.) This is good advice. to harmonize their lives. really purified our hearts through

Ill will should be resolved without The ability to extend forgiveness the gospel of Jesus Christ. It teaches

delay. To apologize and ask forto others is essential if forgiveness us to be slow to anger; it teaches

giveness is a noble virtue which calls is to be obtained. This is made plain us to rise above the spirit of conforth humility and other better atby the Lord, in this pointed scriptention and retribution—even to

tributes of character. tural passage: speak and feel as Jesus did, while

A woman, whose husband is high- "Wherefore, I say unto you, that on the cross: "Father, forgive them;

ly respected in their community, was ye ought to forgive one another; for they know not what they do."

asked recently to list some of the for he that forgiveth not his brother (Luke 23:34.)

Shall the Youth of Zion Falter? of God, and if he can sift us as wheat ber who, having eyes see not, and

and destroy us, that is what he hopes having ears hear not the things (Continued) liberty? Are we disto do. which so nearly concern us?"

posed to be of the number of those How does this war manifest itself? A mother recently was greatly

who, having eyes see not, and havIn many ways, but one of its greatshocked, while making the bed of ing ears hear not the things which so est manifestations is the greatest her Scoutage son, when she turned nearly concern us? For my part, moral breakdown of our time. We up his pillow and found under it

whatever anguish of spirit it may have had moral breakdowns in the one of the filthy books so prevalent cost, I am willing to know the whole past, but never that I can undernow, filled with pictures of nude truth, to know the worst, and to stand has it been in such concenpersons in sinful acts. She did not

provide for it. If we mean not to trated form as in recent years, know there were such books. Do

abandon the noble struggle in which brought about by unwholesome you? Are you shocked at the filth

we have so long been engaged, and movies and television programs, which appears on nearly every newswhich we have pledged ourselves filthy books and magazines, and even stand and in the magazine section never to abandon until the glorious the filth that is thrown into advertisof most grocery and drugstores? Do

object of our contest shall be obing of other matters. Why, some you take any steps to get rid of such

tained, we must fight. I repeat it, companies cannot even sell an autovice? Does the present wave of

sir—we must fight! Shall we acquire mobile tire these days unless they child marriages alarm you? Are

the means of effectual resistance by put sex into it. you concerned at the large number

lying supinely on our backs and And all of this is more than just of fourteen and fifteen year old unhugging the illusive phantoms of a challenge to us. It is a threat and married mothers? Are you conhope until our enemies shall have a menace. It is a worse menace cerned when you hear of the numbound us hand and foot? There is than communism. It is a worse menber of pregnancies among students

no retreat but in submission and ace than all the destructive power in high schools and junior high slavery. Gentlemen may cry peace, of the H Bomb. Communism may schools of the United States? Does

peace, but there is no peace. The enslave our bodies, and H Bombs the indiscriminate petting that goes

war has actually begun. Is life so may destroy them, but neither can on among young people of nearly

dear or peace so sweet as to be purbe as bad as the destruction of rightall ages frighten you? Do you know

chased at the price of chains and eousness and the turning of our what petting is?

slavery?"children to perversion, allowing I talked with a < group of bishops

And then he concluded that magthem to become followers of Satan. lately and told them the horrid facts

nificent address with these wellThis menace, so recently emerging of what petting is, and they could known words: "I know not what in great force, now seeps into every hardly believe it. They could hardcourse others may take, but as for town and hamlet in the nation. It ly believe such things went on, and

me, give me liberty or give me reaches into family circles. It saps in that very group of men was one

death!"the strength of many in Church who sent to me a boy for interview

We are engaged in just as real a groups. Are you aware of it? 'It who was guilty of some of the worst

war as was Patrick Henry or George is near you. What are you doing perversions, cloaked under the guise

Washington or as were any of the about it? Again may I quote Patof petting. When girls tell their

great patriots. It is a real war. It rick Henry: "We are apt to shut parents they are going out to

is a hot one, not a cold one. Satan our eyes against the painful truth. Church, and instead go off on secret

has declared war against the Saints Are we disposed to be of the numjoy rides, are you moved to action?

676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA little nibblers get that When "hollow feeling''..

fill 'em up the wholesome way!

Nabisco SUGAR Honey Grahams THE Available in oneand twopound packages.,2

. because they're made with rich graham flour

ana pure honey! Perfect for betweenmeal snacks!

Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams haven't spoiled an appetite yet! Conveniently scored to snap into two bitesize pieces

longlasting crispness... they're (less crumbs). And for GRAHAMS today. in 6 InEr-Seal wrapped packets. Bring wax home some

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

SEPTEMBER 1958 677 When boys and girls in this nation, passions, of their appetites, masters it has been said. If we the leaders

some of them in their early teens, of their base desires? Are you are not ashamed, then we can efcarry bottles unashamedly, are we teaching them to master the princifectively teach the youth so that

concerned? ples of righteousness and learn to they will not be ashamed either.

I recently had the opportunity of draw near to God? Rather, they will take pride in their

attending a conference in one of our Beehive and Mia Maid leaders, high standards.

California stakes. A Boy Scout are you teaching your girls by word How, then, shall we express our

spoke. He stood up there and made and by example really to appreciate attitude on morals as we stand and

the Scout sign, and he said: "On my the principles of virtue and chastity, declare with Paul that we are not

honor I will do my best to keep honor and integrity? Leaders of ashamed of the gospel of Christ?

myself morally straight."That was Gleaners, do you understand what To do so we must say, "I am not

the subject of his talk. When he it means to teach the young women ashamed of the gospel of Christ.

was finished, a lovely young gir] of this Church the value of a clean I am not ashamed of any of its stood up and bore testimony of her body, a pure heart, an obedient teachings. I am not ashamed to

gratitude for conversion to this spirit? Do your girls know what it comply with any of its moral teachChurch. In closing her testimony means to honor womanhood? ings. With respect to morals, I am

she said, "I am not ashamed of the "I am not ashamed of the gospel not ashamed to tell people I am a gospel of Christ."of Christ,"said this young lady. Do Mormon and that I live up to Mor-

I could not help thinking of the we know the meaning of that? Only mon standards. I am not ashamed

close relationship of those two a true conversion can make us unto tell people that I do not make statements. The gospel is the greatmyself common nor unclean. I am

est force on earth, and if we can but not ashamed to wear modest clothput the gospel of Christ into our ing in spite of what the fashions of scouting, as Dr. Schuck has said, the world may be. I am not

and into all other phases of the RED SLIPPERS FOR A ashamed to refuse to wear short

Young Men's organizational work; shorts or skimpy bathing suits, low

if we can but put the gospel of Christ TEENAGER necklines or strapless gowns. I am

into every phase of the Young not ashamed to cover my body as it should be covered, preserving bothWomen's organizational work; if we by Grace V. Watkinscan but convert our young people my modesty and my virtue. I am

to the gospel of Christ so they will not ashamed to choose clean people never be ashamed of it, and so their Only a whim? as friends and stay only with a

lives will prove they will never be clean crowd, even at the price of ashamed, then how grateful we can Perhaps they are. socalled popularity. I am not

be. But when I see her standing, slim ashamed to tell people our stand

This girl, in her talk, said, "First, on virtue and chastity, letting them

I shall bring a clean body. Second, And lovelier than a twilight star, know that in our Church we regard

I shall bring a pure heart."An Looking up at him such sin as being next to murder inhumble spirit was third; and fourth, the category of crime. I am not

an honest mind. Then she said, "I With Eden in her eyes, how far, ashamed to stay out of petting and

shall honor my womanhood."necking parties, preferring rather to

Will the youth of Zion keep those How infinitely far and dim protect and honor my womanhood pledges or will they falter in doing Are sensible things that never can be or my manhood. I am not ashamed

so? If they falter, whose will be to let all mankind know that sex can

the responsibility? As we say, not An orchidand-moonlight memory! be the gateway either to divinity or

all of the blame will rest upon the depravity, and that I choose divinity.

youth. Sometimes they are mis- I am not ashamed to turn down a

guided, and sometimes not guided proffered cigaret. I am not ashamed

at all. Much of the blame must be to refuse to drink alcoholic beverupon us, their leaders, and their ashamed. To be unashamed of the ages. I am not ashamed to date

guides. gospel must mean that we will not only with those persons who are

So, this is a call to arms for each be ashamed of the teachings of the clean and wholesome. I am not

one of us in the greatest of all wars, gospel. But are we? Are our young ashamed to direct my dating habits

a war for eternal souls. Will we people ashamed of the gospel teachin the direction of temple marriage

hearken to the call? ings? If they are, will they falter because I am not ashamed of temScout men, are you ready to meet in defending truth and right? If ple marriage, nor of any of the rethe moral threat that faces your they are not ashamed, they will be quirements it makes of me. I am

boys? Are you making a reality of victorious and faithful. not ashamed to be obedient to the

this part of the Scout oath which Since we have such a moral threat moral teachings of this Church. I

says: "On my honor I will do arising in the world today, what will am not ashamed of the gospel, for

my best to keep myself morally be our attitude on moral questions it is the power of God unto salvastraight?"which, of course, are inseparably tion."

Leaders of M Men, are you connected with social relationships? "Who shall ascend into the hill

teaching your boys to be master Are we the leaders ourselves of the Lord? or who shall stand in

men, masters, not of others, but of ashamed of our moral teachings? As his holy place?

their own selves, masters of their with the priests, so with the people, "He that hath clean hands, and

678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

... and Fall is an ideal time to travel east—save your car and your nerves

colorful autumn leaves, new Broadway arrive refreshed and ready for business, shows, delightful weather and cool, sightseeing or fun!

crisp evenings. Need help with your travel plans?

And the ideal way to get there is on a We're at your service—anything from

smartly appointed Union Pacific planning your itinerary to arranging

Domeliner. Your pleasure begins the for a Hertz rental car if you wish. Let

moment you step aboard. You'll relax us explain the moneysaving Family

all the way... enjoy delicious dining Fares, too, and the Rail Travel Credit

car meals... the luxury of the lounge Card which makes it unnecessary to

... have servants at your command.. carry large amounts of cash.

For details, reservations, or help with your travel plans, see your nearest

Union Pacific Railroad ticket agent.

UNION PACIFIC

SEPTEMBER 1958 679 a pure heart; who hath not lifted from the God of his salvation."

up his soul unto vanity, nor sworn (Psalm 24:3-5.)

deceitfully.

And that this may come to us all "He shall receive the blessings is my humble and earnest prayer in from the Lord, and righteousness Jesus'name. Amen.

The partnership of parents

Richard L. Evans

Yield: 1—9 x 9-inch cake In commenting on the partnership of his parents,

an eminent grateful and JlBp-v:::: son said: once in "Never reserve Squeeze juice and 1 large from

SI THE orange. juice Measure milk to and all add fail did they boyhood to "/ my stand together on SPOKEN 1 liquid. cup rind Grind orange make / WORD any question affected which the children. with seedless and pulp raisins 1 cup and We

nut 1/3 cup set grind meats; twice and never could play off one against the other, or find

Sift aside. sifted together cake 214, cups 1 anywhere a rift is between them."This a simple of recognition flour, 3 Girl teaspoons Clabber Baking

1 salt, Powder, teaspoon into large mixing bowl; add and l 1i cupcup shortsugar the fact that parents are a partnership, a team of two. And one

ening and 2/3 cup liquid. Beat 2 minutes of the most important parts of home so far as children are conusing of electric or mixer, speed medium cerned, so far as everything is concerned, of is this partnership beating 150 strokes by hand minute. per

2 parents. "Character,"said Samuel batter sides Eliot, "is singularly from botscraped Keep and contagious."

scraper. with rubber of bowl tom Add 2 Not only is character contagious, but emotions are also. Feelings eggs remaining and liquid. Beat 2 1/3 cup

minutes longer as before. Blend in fruit of all kinds are contagious, between all people, and especially

mixture. into floured a greased Pour and between parents. Tensions, differences, and disagreements are 3 4,-inch x 9 x l 9 baking pan. in a Bake

350 F. (moderate) oven about 45 mincontagious. Among the great lessons of life for children to learnutes. Cool. Frost and decorate as desired. and among the great safeguards—are obedience, respect for authorsquares. Cut in

ity, and seeking and accepting counsel. And if the authority in

you should a home is of the divided and disagreeing kind, how impaired are

it. a child can How know this thechooseprospectsbetweenfortwoa child'smemberslearningof theto samerespectteam are who supposed

about baking... to be playing on the same side? Another of the great safeguards

of life is love at home, and if parents are pulling against each other,

It's the of ingredients BALANCE in how can love be learned? One reason for a child's walking inbaking powder its leaventhat governs

ing action. Only when these are scienwrong ways would be his not knowing which way to walk. One

tifically balanced can you be sure of unireason for his going his own way would be his parents'not unitedly form action in the mixing bowl plus that knowing which way they want him to go. Agreement between

final, rise fluffy balanced light to and parents on fundamentals, is beliefs, on basic foremost among the

.texture in the the story.. That's oven essentials for a solid family, solid for the teaching of children.

... Girl'sof Clabber action Betdouble

ter baking everytime! i 1JLr,, And in this there must be sincerity, because children will surely

detect the signs of insincerity in any partnership of parents. They

feel will the tensions differences and the even can't they whenBALANCED iaf**l they are so. Division is say why parents between unfair and

Double Action fusing and a contributing source to weakening the foundationsconof means the family. Those to whom a child should most look for guidance,

Better Baking! iPOtftf'J must surely be united in the guidance they give. Blessed are those

whose parents have achieved a partnership, a solid working of a

Guaranteed by team of two. Housekeeping Good

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, July 6, 1958. Copyright 1958. CLABBER GIRL

EXCLUSIVELY KNOWN AS THE (See page 703 for footnotes.)

BAKING POWDER WITH THE BALANCED DOUBLE ACTION

680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Utah Peaches?

sweetened with Utah's U and I Sugar

Plan to can peaches this season and your family will be able to enjoy their goodness all winter long.

for for or jam, topping canned Canned the jar, right golden of sweet, outAre Delicious eaten peaches help spark any appetite.

The sugar you use in your canning is important. Use pure, U and I Sugar!

You'll find that besides helping to preserve the shape and texture of the fruit, it helps to preserve the orchardfresh flavor.

Get the big 10-, 25-, 50-, or 100lb. bags

for canning time.

Always buy H. U and I BEET SUGAR

PARTY MERINGUE CAKE

4 egg whites (room temperature) Beat egg whites until foamy. Gradually add U and I

1 cup U and I Superfine Sugar Superfine Sugar and continue beating until mixture 2 cups sifted cake flour holds a stiff peak. Tint with red food coloring, if2Vi teaspoons baking powder desired. Set aside. Sift flour,- baking powder, salt and SUGAR

salt into bowl. Vi mixing Sugar teaspoon Add U and I Granulated

extract. milk, vanilla at PURE Beat 1 cup and lemon U and I GRANULATED SUGAR shortening,

Vi cup shortening medium speed for 2 minutes. Add egg yolks and conFINE GRANULATED

2/3 cup milk tinue beating for 2 minutes longer. Pour into two

Vi teaspoon vanilla greased 8-inch square cake pans. Top with meringue

Vi teaspoon lemon extract and sprinkle with almonds. Bake at 300 F. for about

4 egg yolks 4045 minutes or until cake is done. Cool on cake

Vi cup slivered almonds racks for a few minutes, loosen meringue from sides of pan, cool completely before removing from pan.

Serve topped with fruit and whipped cream sweetened with U and I Powdered Sugar.

SEPTEMBER 1958 681 How We Learn only does it create a pleasant feelThe Principle of Contrast ing in the students, but in the It is with a feeling of apology (Continued) low grades or total teacher, also. that the mentioning of this prinfailure. The highest form is obtained 5. The teacher should individualciple is left to the last. Without conby making students aware of the ize his or her teaching by looking at trast life becomes meaningless,

vital and farreaching nature of their the students. A look of recognition, colorless, and valueless. It is to

learning activities. It may be neces- a "hello"with the eyes, is a gratifybecome acquainted with the possary to carry out some application ing and pleasant experience for all sible contrasting responses to life

of this unbalancing operation sevstudents. and to choose for ourselves those

eral times in the course of a class. 6. The teacher who sits while of eternal and exalting nature that

With some students this must be teaching a group of "livewire"we are on this earth. Yet, how often

done individually. youngsters will more often experione witnesses a class without any

The Principle of Recency encedisciplinea lossproblems,of interest,thanwiththeresultantteacher perceptibleIt is sad, elementbut true, ofthatcontrast.students

This principle is so simple that who stands and moves about. Mohave little perspectivealtitude and

its application is sometimes negtion indicates life, interest, and find it hard to gain it to an important lected or overlooked. It is simply activity. Adolescents crave it. The degree. The effective teacher will,

that we recall our most recent imgood teacher will give all of it he therefore, bring this dimension into pressions. Its application consists or she can. his or her teaching. Students are

of reviewing quickly, effectively, and sometimes unable to judge the Tightas frequently as possible the imThe Principle of Vividness ness of conflicting courses of action portant points which tie past lesItems and procedures which are because they have not been made sons to present ones. It gives the vivid make longer and more favoracquainted with their contrasting

students a perspective of the course able impressions than their drab nature. As an illustration, our young

and a sense of continuity so that counterparts. This calls for the wise people might find it easier to choose

they can have a framework to use of pictures, blackboard illustraobedience to the tenets of the Word which they might tie the many items tions and designs, motion pictures, of Wisdom if they were actually of lesser importance which are prefilmstrips, object lessons, and all helped to see and feel the joy and sented as the course progresses. types of visual or audio aid matestrength of the body kept clean

The Principle of Effect rials.The teacher should use a vocabuthroughoutthrough symboliclife andandthenvicariousto knowexThis principle is in constant lary which is alive and vivid. It perience the ultimate suffering, disoperation in the lives of all of us. should give the feel of action and ease, and sorrow of those who misWe recall and remember pleasant vitality. "I am, by calling, a dealer use their bodies. Too often young

experiences more easily and over a in words,"said Rudyard Kipling people who have not been led to longer period of time than we do in a speech before the Royal Colexperience the difference by study unpleasant experiences. In order lege of Surgeons, "and words are, of and instruction use an actual trial

to expedite the learning process sevcourse, the most powerful drug and error method which is their eral items might well receive faithused by mankind."downfall. This is motor trial and

ful consideration. "Give me the right word and the error and not as desirable as the in-

1. Every attempt should be made right accent, and I will move the tellectual mental trial and error of

to keep physical conditions, temperaworld,"said Joseph Conrad. which God's children should make

ture, light, suitable seating, decoratthe widest possible use. Teaching,

ing, pictures, plants, at an optimum The Principle of Primacy which has contrast, is quickly and level of comfort. Viewed in the First impressions are generally easily recognized by students as

composite they should give a feeling the most lasting. When a lesson or being vital and important to them.

of pleasantness and yet be stimumain idea is presented, the introThey sense their need for it and lating to the minds and feelings of ductory statements or material their response to the teacher who the students. should be thought out as well as can give it is truly gratifying.

2. The teacher should cultivate possible and be vivid to the highest

a pleasant appearance. Clothing possible degree. Unless this is so Summary

should be of good taste and clean. the students may not feel the lesson These, then, are some of the imPersonal hygiene as to pleasant has worthwhile possibilities. A portant principles which facilitate

breath and bodily cleanliness should good beginning is truly half the learning. To make them a part of a

be closely watched. It helps if the battle in teaching. Too often teachteacher's hourly and daily procedure

teacher has a look of vitality and an ers start weakly, hoping to gather is not too quickly or easily accomair of optimism which are created, momentum and interest as they go plished. Even as the Savior used

in part, by good health. along. When they finally arrive, the these and other principles to become

3. The voice should be pleasant, students have, too often, long since the Master Teacher, so must the

"alive,"and positive in tone. abandoned the teacher mentally, teachers in the Church use them if

4. There are few abilities which emotionally, and spiritually. Teachthey would hope to cease being

would be greater assets to the ers should say, "Come follow me"highly trained workers and become teacher than the ability to smile, at the beginning of the lesson by the artists which characterize all easily, often, and infectiously. Not the techniques they use. truly effective teachers.

682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...your own

home railroad, The VistaDome CALIFORNIA ZEPHYR Moffat Tunnel Route THE RIO CRA DailyDenverSanOmahaFrancisco-SaltChicago Lake Cityoffers two scenic routes, four modern VistaDome trains

The VistaDome ROYAL GORGE Royal Gorge Route Daily Salt Lake CityProvo-PriceThe VistaDome COLORADO EAGLE GrandPuebloColoradoJunction-GlenwoodSpringsDenver.SpringsRoute Royal Gorge

Daily DenverColorado SpringsPueblo-Wichita-Kansas CitySt. Louis.

The PROSPECTOR Moffat Tunnel Route Overnight, every night between Salt Lake

City and Denver. (VistaDome between Salt Stopover privileges at all points...

Lake.City and Grand Junction)

railaufo plan available at principal stations.

FOR EXTRA SAVINGS, ask about the Family Fare Plan

Denver & Rio Grande Western Railroad

Ground Floor Corner, Hotel Utah

DAvis 2-5741

SEPTEMBER 1958 883 "If I wore white

shoes, I'd beg for Aunt Jody tocompanion;"Aunt Jody,"that withwas herevenlongclearerexHOLLYWOOD SANIWHITE"(Continued) needed to be lanced, perience, than it could be to any

that she would hold my head beof us.

tween her hands while my father Working in her might to do everydid the lancing and that I would thing she knew or had power to do,

You don't have to beg for not feel much pain. It was magic; she knelt by the bed for hours,

the magic of love and sympathy and working and praying. I saw her

lips moving; I heard her whispered HOLLYWOOD faith. It was wonderful; she had

something which few doctors have: words, "Oh, Father in heaven!"

the power of projecting her courShe knelt there on the floor until Isaniwhite age into the souls of people who thought her poor knees would be

I looked at her, it SHOE POLISH are in sickness and in sorrow, thus paralyzed. As

But... you'll demand Hollywood SaniWhite once you doing for them what no medicine dawned on me that this was the

know how good it is. Keeps white shoes looking smart can do. kind of grief she took on herself

times. fresh at all and Does not streak. Safest for When my father died in Novemfor many, taking a liberal part of it's nontoxic. baby, because

ber 1901, she was there. To us it what was too bitter for them to

FOR ALL WHITE SHOES seemed quite unthinkable that anybear alone. To me that was the

one could die in Bluff, or be born, most heartrending tragedy I had or have pneumonia, a broken limb, seen; I was in anguish of apprehenor a broken heart without "Aunt sion. Yet the brave woman knelt

Jody"bearing a generous part of there on and on past the midnight the burden and offering soothing hours with never a word of despair Your shoes will of cheer. of or a words surrender, intensifythought was My father

be white as snow, the effort ing or surgiher beyond aid of medical her prayers, pourand when you use i cal skill, and it was but a matter ing out her humble tears as she imHOLLYWOOD of days or weeks. The professionals plored the Lord's help. My young

sanicouldcould domakenothing,it morebut bearable"Aunt Jody"for wifeher asseemedshe wastoto beme,asas preciousprecious asto white him and for all of us simply by being if she were her very own daughter.

CLEANS AS IT WHITENS there. Oh, what faith! What love! "Aunt

One more personal testimony Jody"was ready to stop at nothing, comes to mind: At the birth of our including her own life, to save the

first baby, who is now Mrs. Casse young mother and her child. Then

last, Monson, of Murray, Utah, at long Lyman sick were when we "FOR THE WHITEST OF WHITE, herself a grandmother, little despair, the was with one my wife was born,

GET SANIWHITE"having a most terrifying time. My and we heard its cry and knew it

Also makers of the famous mother and my wife's mother wept was alive, we were moved to the in despair and said the baby could very depths, blending our hearts in

SANIBROWN, SANIBLACK, never be born. My wife's father one great flood of tears. To me it

SANIRED wept; we all wept. No one but the was nothing less than a revelation of

sacrifice. AND ALL HOLLYWOOD SKUF Almighty could save my beloved Christlike love and

COLORS

If your dealer is out, call or write:

BEEHIVE SALES

COMPANY THE GREAT TRAVELER SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Phone HU 5-1476 P. 0. Box 1233 (President David O. McKay)

by Grace Ingles Frost

Behold him! the great traveler.... Again, I say, behold him,

... YOUR ERA Like a bright torchlight of truth, "And follow where he leads

great traveler.. torchbearing North and South and East and This SUBSCRIPTION That This mind and deeds! West man of

MAY EXPIRE Goes, leaving, in its wake, If only more were like him,

To renew just mail your pay- A path illumed for other feet to With his life of sterling worth, ment of $2.50 along with a copy tread. There would be no holocausts of

of your address label to As humble as the Master, warYet he can hold his head Only peace upon the earth.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA As one goldcrowned by virtue.

50 No. Main St.

Salt Lake City, Utah

684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Not since TCP such an important gasoline advance!

NEW CONOCO ROYAL withJCPp/us

At last! A gasoline that protects as it powers!

First in history to combine exclusive oilplating action with TCP*...to boost power

as it cuts wear as it increases mileage!

I

uifm j0ii0i*m *****, 'f*

f OUR PLEDGE TO YOU: To give you prompt, friendly,

expert service... Conoco Royal Service

... so that you'll always get that HOTTEST

Royal Feeling when you drive! BRAND

GOING!

Trademark owned and patent applied for by Shell Oil Company. 1958, Continental Oil Company

President McKay at EightyFive

(Continued) champion of the world, expressed universal sentiments when he recently exclaimed following a brief visit with the

President, "This has been one of the greatest experiences of my life!"

Never is the President's smile warmer or his eyes brighter than when he is able to find a minute to greet a lay member of the Church or a little child. But this is a pleasure all cannot have, and one of his

great sorrows is that it cannot be so.

When we realize that the Church is nearing the millionand-a-half mark, and that it would take some twelve years of fortyhour weeks for the

President to give but one minute each to the present Church members if he were to attempt to greet them all, we can begin to see the problem involved. Nevertheless, he is sorrowful when anyone has to be turned

away.

In South Africa he was rushing to catch a plane and found his path lined with Saints wishing to shake his hand. But takeoff time was too

near for him to be delayed. When

he had passed them and turned to wave goodbye, his heart was so filled with compassion that he said

this."like so and leave them And

plane him, went without and Everybody Is Somebody at tothe Sister McKay, "I just can't go he stayed to say goodbye to his people.

In Salt Lake City one ThursdayBrigham Young University afternoon, a Sundav School class had been granted the great favor

Yes, there's a place for you at BYU, even though it is the of an appointment with the President. Unfortunately, he was called

largest university in the intermountain area. Students to the hospital where his brother,

live in familysized groups in comfortable residences; Thomas E., lay critically ill. The

clubs are open to all; a large faculty gives personal atchildren were naturally disappointed.

tention in comparatively small classes; the BYU Stake A member of the Council of the

of 24 wards is made up entirely of students. Thus BYU Twelve greeted the class and talked

to them. gives all the advantages of the big university, yet all the Many busy men would have confriendliness and attention of the small college. Put yoursidered the matter closed, but the

self in this picture—there is place for you. next Sunday morning found President McKay driving eight miles

to a small chapel south of the city.

CLIP AND MAIL Entering the building he inquired

TO: Public Relations Department where this particular class met.

Freshman Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah Imagine the thrill experienced in

Orientation Please send me free of charge additional information that little classroom when the door of the President opened, and the in. After explainwalked I am especially interested Church Sept. 2427 about Brigham Young University.

in ing why he was not in his office called, hands they shook he when

Registration NAME teacher each with the one with and

Sept. 2930 ADDRESS of the children and left his blessCITY. STATE..

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing. "I want you children to know,"

he said, "that the President of the

Church keeps his appointments if at all possible."

Little deeds and big events combine to make up the life of the r

Prophet of God. As he nears his

eightyfifth birthday the thoughts of members of the Church throughout the world will be with him, and their prayers will be that God will keep him with us for many useful and productive years to come. bqPb

M E A LThe Man Who Is Wise Will Exercise SENSIBLE because SURE MEAL is delicious,(Continued) beneficial for certain heart ailments. In cases of coronary easy to mix, and has all the vitamins and

blockage (such as President Eisenminerals normally needed. SAFE because it

hower suffered) there is evidence furnishes your body with a complete wellthat exercise can cause the heart to balanced meal. No drugs! No hunger pangs!

sprout new artery branches, thus SURE MEAL has been in use and extensively facilitating heart operations and tested for a year. Now Don Lyman heartsupplying the muscle with

blood. Dr. Richard W. Eckstein, of and Associates are ready to recommend it

Western Reserve University in to you.

Cleveland, reveals some significant information on this matter.

Under Dr. Eckstein's direction,

experiments were performed on a group of ninety dogs in which the coronary artery had been surgicallynarrowed, to approximate the danSURE MEAL gerous arteriosclerotic condition (thickening and hardening of the man vfactured exclusively for{y U rsJ Utj vV\J*/v\/ an(j associates arteries) occurring most frequently in old people. total Of the number SURE MEAL is high in protein—over 67%.of fortysix canines, exercised were

on a treadmill, "from 15 to 20 minLess than 1% fats.

utes, four times daily, five days Carefully selected carbohydrates.

weekly for six to eight weeks."The Only 241 calories per meal when mixed

second group merely remained at with whole milk.

rest in their cages. both Then Vanilla or smooth chocolate—or vary thegroups were operated for exupon

amination and, in brief, here are flavors with fruits or juices.

the findings: SURE MEAL is sold only by individual,

"The addition of exercise to mild independent representatives.

arterial narrowing results in significant collateral anastomoses (sprouting of new vessels ). R also promotes SPECIAL Don Lyman & Associates

collateral growth above East constriction.moderate and severe that due to INTRODUCTORY 472Salt LakeSouthCity,10th Utah, Phone EMpire 3-9674

R is suggested that the judicious use OFFER PLEASE SEND of early and continued physical MY PERSONAL SUPPLY OF SURE MEAL.

exercise may reduce the clinical manifestations of coronary disease."1 NAME

R has not been established defiADDRESS nitely that human coronary cases CITY STATE will respond as did the experimental dogs. However, in a letter to the 40 Meal size - $9.00 20 Meal size - $4.75

Era dated October 29, 1957, Dr. Vanilla Chocolate

Send Check or Money Order to save C.O.D. charges.

SEPTEMBER 1958 687 Wonder of the World Eckstein says, "If these results are

The Ida Cason Callaway Gardens in western Georgia applicable to the human being, they is a nonprofit 2,500acre paradise of tall trees, cool suggest that exercise taken during lakes, wildflowers and sunshine. 25,000 people, the progression of coronary narrowmotoring an average distance of one hundred miles, ing as produced by disease may

find beauty here on a sunny weekend. They boat stimulate collateral growth and

and they swim. They bask on clean white sand thereby prevent some of the damage

19,000 tons of it, hauled in to carpet a crescent of to heart muscle which usually follake shore. They play golf, they picnic and they lows a complete occlusion (closing)

stroll along miles of flowerstudded paths. of the coronary artery."

One project now under construction is the openair dining pavilion, shown in the drawing. The The idea that certain forms of

pavilion will be beautiful and amazing, because exercise may improve a defective the giant, concretecovered umbrellas seem to be heart may startle a good many peoengineering impossibilities. They are designed not ple, and it is easy to imagine some

only to be uniquely beautiful, but to serve pleasure readers protesting, "Why, what seekers for generations to come. And to be sure about my neighbor Joe, who had

that they do, they will be built of USS steel and a heart attack on the tennis court

Universal Atlas cement for exceptional strength last summer? His exercising sure

and durability. USS is a registered trademark didn't do him any good!"True

enough, Joe's exercise on the tennis court didn't do him any good. Nor

did Bill's twomile chase after that wily buck last fall do him any good... he was found dead on a mountaintop. That these and similar

heart failures resulted from violent exercise is definite, but paradoxically, in most cases, they were also the result of not enough exercise.

All too often the Joes and Bills who drop dead from overexertion have been leading a sedentary life for weeks, months, maybe years.

Having undergone no greater physical stress than lugging out the weekly garbage can, they suddenly undertake tasks that would strain the hardiest athlete, were he not in shape. As a matter of fact, sensible

'M athletes rarely push themselves to the limits that the perennial desk dweller does on an occasional week end or holiday—not without careful

conditioning first. Then, too, few

athletes will push themselves hard (Q) United States Steel withoutwithcises ato mildseteasingtheset intobloodof preliminarythecirculating,undertakingexerto loosen and warm the muscles. In a

sense the human body must be handled like a car motor on a cold

if it ter longer is primed, and lasts HOW TO GET MORE NUTRITION morning. The motor responds betgently, started idled purred and

INTO YOUR DAILY DIET! several seconds—warmed up.

Stone Grind Your Flour a Few Hours Before In other words, the exercise an

Baking. Taste the difference! average person receives during the

Invest in a LEE FLOUR MILL HOUSEHOLD NOW! daily routine of living is just not Choice mills... write prices! of 4 for

introductory Save flour on offer order for 5 lb. pkg. money Flour.. is. sendstone couponground withday checkshipped.or enough—not enough to keep him

IEE ENGINEERING COMPANY Milwaukee 1, Wis. from deteriorating steadily, not

enough to prepare him for periods r

\ > 2023LEE ENGINEERINGW. Wisconsin Ave.,COMPANY,MilwaukeeDept. 1,IE9Wis. of exertion, stresses and strains he ELECTRIC

to encounter. Generally is bound he

5-lb. pkg. Pp. FLOUR, D&AF SMITH Only $1.50

PORTABLE | the speaking, the infrequent more i 5-lb. pkg. Pp. Only FLOUR, -MINN. $1.00 Q WIS.

exercise, the it bedangerous more AUTOMATIC i Name

ECONOMICAL i Street

City State

JL 688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

comes. The subtle build up of

colesteral and fat cells from inactivity as well as improper eating, hardens the arteries and prepares the heart for the often fatal coronary.

Just as inactive people tend toward hardening of the arteries and fatty hearts, they also tend to collect fat elsewhere, particularly around the intestines, thereby limiting proper intestinal function. Fat

in this area can contribute to such serious difficulty as adhesions and bowel obstruction.

The atrophy of muscles and stiffening of joints resulting from inactivity lends to lowered resistance against diseases in general, and the sedentary person usually is a poorer surgical risk than the active.

In addition to coronary ailments, bowel and intestinal difficulties, the following diseases are closely assoinactivity: diabetes,ciated with high The aU"Bids You Welcome! arthritis, varicose pressure,blood

veins, lower back pains, and neuroThe University of Utah is are interested in Engineermuscular tensions. recognized as one of Amering, Medicine, Education,

Note, for example, a recent mediica's leading universities. ExLaw, Business, Fine Arts,

cal claim regarding exercise and arthritis panded facilities have been Mining, Nursing, Pharmacy... see "When exercise is indicated, an provided to meet today's or some other line

explanation may be given the paneeds. The faculty ranks with how much MORE the "U"

tient that the right kind and amount the finest anywhere. can offer you.

is the most important exerciseof Sept. 25—Freshman Register. deformity Unexcelled opportupreventing item insingle

and maintaining function... and, nities for study are Offered at Sept. 2627 - All Other Stupain during exercise is of no conthe "U"in a most desirable dents Register.

sequence, provided it subsides environment.

shortly after... and there is no inSept. 29—Classwork Begins.

creased pain or soreness the followNo matter what your plans ing day when exercise is repeated."2 for the future, whether you For full information write:

In short, while inactivity itself may not be directly responsible for diseases, it provides a climate for Office of the President many, just as exercise provides aclimate for recovery. UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Finally, it should be remembered Salt Lake City, Utah that in cases of critical illness, physical fitness can mean the difference between life and death. The sturdy

incirculationconstitution good and NO OBLIGATION If Your jn n deterwell by exercise mayduced - [h NEEDS ANnll CHURCH

IE 9-5? patient or not the whether f] 111 rimine (In INQUIRE ORGAN,

i COMPANY ORGAN WICKS"pulls through.",1'Hn wicks about rjlflf ii Illinois Highland, flffl 111 UlPIPE ORGANS i

Exercise and Old Age ii Without obligation, send complete information

Regarding the relationship of exii about Wicks Church Organs by return mail.

ercise to aging, Dr. Thomas K. CureIi

ton, professor of physical education, i Your Name

I of Illinois, says, "The University

I Your Church for evaluating basisprincipal the I contributions of exercise or sport I training to health and fitness is more Street Address life for your years, rather than City Zone State.

ORGAN WICKS COMPANY MAIL COUPON TODAY ILLINOIS HIGHLAND,

SEPTEMBER 1958 689

longevity. We all want to live as

many years as possible, but along with our extended time, we would prefer living with zest, high energy, and satisfaction."3

Dr. Ernst Jokl, reporting to the

American Medical Association, June 26, stated that exercise is "the only environmental factor yet known to inhibit the aging process."4 He

further maintained that a vigorous, exercise program commencing when the aging process starts (the minute one stops growing) was of special value.

While no largescale experiment has been conducted to determine whether exercise increases longevity, it is known that physical aging is largely the result of cell deterioration, which occurs more rapidly when cells do not receive a sufficient oxygen supply. Since exercise tends

to force blood into remote portions of the body, stimulating and reactivating cells which would otherwise atrophy, it is reasonable to infer that exercise may add years to life as well as life to years.

Exercise and Obesity For a long time the idea has persisted that exercise will not remove fat, that the only way to regain that jetlined figure is through dieting.

However, Dr. Jean Mayer, associate

professor of nutrition at Harvard, says "... how frequently we are exposed to assertions such as 'A pound

off only by fat can of be worked I]toco invites Your Dealer you—

or splitting hours, thirtysix!"walking the "Try today BIG BONUS hours, consecutive for seven wood

.., plus complete, courteous hours.'volleyball eleven playing or Utoco Service

For greatest motoring pleasure—give your car the care it deserves Theany givenenemieswearingof exerciseperformancevisualizeas

IT GET YOU EXPECT MORE FROM UTOCO AND YOU

MtAH OIL (EFIHINC CO. being accomplished in a single uninterrupted stretch. The energy

expended accompanying physical ac:

tivity takes place, however, whether the activity is performed in a day?fL or a decade. Splitting wood for

FREE sevendifficultconsecutivefor anyone hoursother wouldthan Paulbe

PARKING Bunyan, but splitting wood for half

HI in Downtown an hour a day—in no way an imposSalt Lake City sible assignment for a healthy mandr*tMm will add up the desired seven hours

:k '-:.: ----:"';--::: ''in a fortnight. If this thirty minrepresents operation lumbering ute Free parking for hotel and dining guests in our new practice, a regular be acit would

375car parking terrace. Add comfort and convenience cording to the very reasoning of the

to your stay in Salt Lake City. foes of physical activity, equivalent

THE PLACE TO EAT - THE PLACE TO STAY to twentysix pounds of body fat a year. Similarly, a half hour per

HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE COFFEE SHOP + DINING ROOMS * BANQUET ROOMS

690 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA day of handball or squash would add up to, in the course of twelve months, a good sixteen pounds of fat."5 Because of the many falsehoods and halftruths regarding exercise and obesity, dieting has grown increasingly popular. While some

forms of diet are necessary and beneficial, others are dangerous.

Again we refer to Dr. Cureton: Announcing a girl's most

"So many will diet to lose weight cherished event in life but usually lose muscle tone and may be done distinctively cardiovascular condition in the process. The warm, healthy glow through the Deseret News

which comes from a wellexercised Press wedding invitation and wellfed body results from meservice. A wide selection

tabolism rather from than to -f 15 of styles and cards that frequently inwhat is so our found tests, basal metabolism of—30 to would please the most dis-

—15 percent in dieters. From long criminating bride are now

experience with trained athletes, and available.

with trained and untrained adults of all ages, we know that low 4MMIMV metabolic ratings are not good for healthy vigor,... virility, or good \

feeling tone."6

Generally exercise will not reduce weight at all for several weeks—notuntil it first begins to alter one's Deseret News Press m

basic everymetabolism. And since

of 33 Richards Street Sales Office—Phone EM 4-2581 Salt Lake City, Utah metabolically, the rateone differs

response to exercise will vary. For

example, one man, by performing a certain exercise, may add two inches to his biceps in only a month, while ft&AiSS#&y-:v

his colleague, of equivalent weight and stature, may gain only half an inch with the same program. Conversely, latter individual the may Bnsu overlose twenty a given time pounds

while the former loses only five.

Just as the slow muscle builder it -tiv needn't mourn so long as he's progressing, the slow reducer needn't ifcI grow discouraged. For, even though

the latter may lose no weight at all for a long time, he will be distributing it—taking inches of flab from the

waist and hips, supplanting it with solid muscle through the legs, arms, and chest.

If then, we believe that health and personal appearance are important, we must believe the same thing about exercise.

(To be continued)

Author's Note: In the following Home Office

issue of this magazine additional 65 East Fourth South advantages of physical fitness will Salt Lake City, Utah be discussed, and various forms of A Member of the Farm BJ exercise set forth. Insurance Companies vlpfcrs'fets

over $1,000,000,000.00

SEPTEMBER 1958 691 We can 't go with them...

Richard L. Evans

We go through some interesting cycles in this life we live. Our children arrive helpless in infancy,

THE completely dependent upon us. We love and

SPOKEN cherish and nurture them, and in large measure WORD control their lives and the environment in which they live. Then they begin to walk and move about, to move away

from us somewhat, maybe only next door, but the lines of control are longer. Even then, even that early, other influences enter 'in.

But still they are ours. We know where they are, and make most

decisions concerning them. Then comes school. Others teach

them. Others increasingly occupy places of importance. Yet still

they are home much of the time. And still we know where they FREE are at almost all hours. The years move on, and they become less

Gals and Guys, get your dependent upon us and acquire more outside interests and activistill more they leave our lives—for 17x22inch 4-color WORLD ties. Then comes a day when

MAP in any of our BackTo- whereschool, weforcanwork,follow,for beyondother thingswherethatwe cantake go.themWhenaway—beyondthey were

School departments. with us we worried about their goings and their comings, their

health, their moods, the lateness of the hour, and many other imme- <$aty<zcc>*i oaaa&t&ed CEIVDC diate matters. We worried because we were hourly aware of the

their lives, and watched them as they formed habits and ozuoat, money 6ae'jLHlw living of

MAIN OR STATE AT 8TH SOUTH attitudes and shaped their decisions. But as they move beyond,

Open Daily 9:30 a.m. until 6 p.m. we become acutely aware that we can't check on their every act

Mondays and Fridays until 9 p.m. and entrance and exit. Then we can only follow them with our

love, with our prayers, with the hope that our teaching has somehow become so much a permanent part of what they are, that

Goes up j what is true and right and good and safe will shape their decisions, their character and their conduct, wherever they are. And acutely

we come to know that the time to keep close to children is when is still while are they near us to that the Goes down weand can;can thatbe taught.the timeThento teachwe themcome intangibles know

they take with them are among life's most priceless possessions, and we hope and pray that the best of all that we have been, that the best of all we have taught and told them will reach out where we can't go, and bless and guard and lift their lives.

: WITH FINGERTIP CONTROL

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, July 13, 1958. Copyright 1958.

LEARNING

by Catherine E. Berry

STODDARD: Absolutewithout expensiveautomatic openingelectrical—With patient hands and infinite care

castles by the sea,Overhead \ handleequipment.and Athetouchdoor ofglidesthe He fashioned

Steel: silently to full open position. His back to the waves, sun on his hair,

it lets Precision close balance at his worked tirelessly. building HeGarage fingertip with child ease. can A

safely operate the larger evenDoors j it sizes, the was finished, tide rolled in When

And flattened the work of his hands,

SEE YOUR LOCAL But his heart had found where dreams begin

LUMBER DEALER Though the vision was washed from the sands.

Distributed by MORRISONMERRILL

692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Editors Page onaratvtlatltons (Continued) Next to the love of dear ones, as contributing factors to the joy of life, is brotherhood in the to

Church. Any expression of this

brotherhood makes the heart light and gives new zest to life. To me,

life without it is a barren desert; withit, it is a fruitful, delightful vale. I PRESIDENT

love my associates as one of the most priceless possessions of life. DAVID O. McKAY In later years how we appreciate

the companionship and the brotherhood of the priesthood and of the:::.

Church—a source of strength and

joy beyond expression, something that can be found in no other contacts in life. The older I grow the

more precious seem the bonds of UTAH STATE... an institution

the priesthood.

dedicated to the cultivation of

Finally, I appreciate with all my heart the knowledge of Christ's plan things intellectual and spiritual for the establishment of peace among mankind. The assurance of the efficacy of that plan brings peace to the for the progress of mankind and

soul beyond the power of expression.

the glory of God.

I have an abiding testimony that the Father and the Son appeared to the Prophet Joseph Smith and restored through him the gospel of

Jesus Christ, which is indeed "...

the power of God unto salvation...."(Rom. 1:16.) I know,

too, that a knowledge of the truth of the gospel may be obtained only through obedience to the principles thereof. In other words, the best

way to know the truth of any principle is to live it. Such is the way

marked out by the Savior when he said, "If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself."(John 7:17.)

I desire to testify to another: The

Lord is guiding this Church—his

Church—and is overruling the destiny of nations, preparatory to the

preaching of the gospel to every "... nation, and kindred, and

tongue, and people."(D & C 133:

37.) These are among the sweet and sobering and grateful thoughts that move within me on the eve of age eightyfive. Fall Quarter Registration

God bless you all, and may joy SEPTEMBER 2527, 1958 and peace and success ever attend you.

UTAH STATE UNIVERSITY LOGAN, UTAH SEPTEMBER 1958 693 by Eleanor Knowles Today's Family

Are you planning a new home? Or are you planscampering feet, and the clatter of high heels on unning to redecorate your old home? In either case, carpeted floors and stairways. Carpets eliminate

the place to start with your decorating scheme is the noise on bedroom floors, and sounds often carried floor. Top decorators recommend starting with the through walls to adjacent rooms and through floors to

carpet or rug because the floor is the largest single rooms below. A pad or cushion underneath the

usable space in a room as well as the largest unintercarpet is a must, to absorb additional sound and inrupted color area. Decide on a carpet, and you have crease the life of the carpet. There is the added comthe basis for building an attractive room. fort, too, of knowing that carpets make the home safer

When a homemaker goes into a furniture store or by insuring against slipping and by cushioning falls.

showroom to select carpeting, she can become conOther benefits derived from having carpets in the fused unless she knows beforehand how to select home include physical and psychological warmth, the carpets, the many weaves and types available, and aura of softness and luxury, and ease of care.

the meanings of terms salesmen use in describing Today's carpets are easy on the eyes—and budget.

carpeting. There are hundreds of beautiful colors, Offered are a wide selection of gay or muted colors

designs, and textures available, and she will be asand intriguing textures and patterns that give a room sured of finding the carpet that will tie the decorating special character. The good news is that this wealth

scheme together, set the style she wishes to have in of design with a "custom look"is available in every her home, and add a feeling of quality to existing price range.

home furnishings. If carpets are selected with proper It is the "look"and the "feel"of a carpet today,

care, harmonizing effects can easily be worked out in and how it suits the family living, that determines the furniture, wallpaper or paint, and draperies. choice, rather than a specific weave. New in the

Why is the carpeting so popular? Won't just any tweed family (so practical for a busy household) are

floor covering do? The answer is No! Soft floor unusual color combinations, bright dots of color on

coverings give a home that restful quiet we all crave. neutral grounds, and a whisper of a pattern. Tweed

The softness of carpets curbs the reverberation of designs conceal signs of traffic and can be found in noises inside the home and muffles sounds from outevery fiber and type of construction.

ofdoors. Carpets absorb the pounding of children's In solidcolored carpets, plain or textured, there are

694 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Has over 200 cooking awards in her collection

Utah Cook Wins Awards at Two Fairs

Congratulations are in order for Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast is a

Mrs. Howard Peterson of Tremonbig help if you bake at home. It

ton, Utah. Just last year she won a stays fresh for months on your shelf.

total of 48 awards in cooking comAnd it's fast rising, easy to use. No

petition at the Box Elder County wonder prizewinning cooks say and Utah State Fairs! Fleischmann's Yeast is best. Get

Mrs. Peterson is the mother of Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast in

eight, so she's done a lot of cooking. "Thrifty Three's."

And when anyone asks for advice on yeast, she mentions Fleischmann's

Active Dry Yeast. "It's fast rising,"

she says. "And easy to use."

Like Mrs. Peterson, you'll find Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc.

new subtle shades that look dyedto-order. For suburban and country settings that share the outof-

doors through window walls, the beigeto-brown group (sometimes called "woodtones") continues popular with many new versions in all prices. Unusual additions are

tones of copper, a variety of greens, and tangerine or gold for exciting accents.

For the city or apartment residence, carpet color is unlimited.

Those who just naturally take to blue will have a wider choice than ever in this color family, which is returning to favor. There are new

powder blue, peacock blue, and periwinkle. Even current aquas

are a little more on the blue side.

To complement the blues in other furnishings, there are many new carpets in shades of rose, lavender or gray.

In general, all colors are lighter—some even white or offwhite.

Touches of white are worked into SOUPSAMPLER'S FAVORITE! How do we know our Rancho Chicken Noodle Soup

is extra special? You guessed it... the young fry dote on it. Mothers have told us

why. "More chicken flavor"... "tastes better"... "more tender noodles."Try

Rancho Chicken Noodle Soup on your clan tonight. Simple way to please 'em.

SEPTEMBER 1955? 695

BET YOU MY SUNDAY HAT, YOU'LL SAY IT'S A-

patterns and tweed designs to give an overall fresh feeling to the real thirstquencher! floor.

Some people are timid with pattern in carpet, but they are missing an experience in decoration with so many original and colorful designs available. There is a right way to

use patterns, and here are some tips:

Pattern underfoot is practical, because it does not show signs of traffic. The design may be as subtle

as a tweed, which is a combination of colors close together—or merely

the whisper of more pattern, which can only be realized in a crosslight.

This type of carpet is almost as quiet as solidcolored carpet and allows freedom of decoration with wallpaper and fabrics in a bold fashion.

Sometimes a room has plain walls, such as masonry or wood, and the room calls for pattern to give it life.

Here is the place to put pattern on the floor. In a room that is much

livedin, choose an overall design.

pattern might by be expressed The IN THREE SIZES several a texture with levels, but NOW still in a solid color or it could be

REGULAR KING SIZE FAMILY thatone putsof thedesignnew on"abstract"the floor withoutdesigns 7 0Z. 12 OZ. 28 OZ. dominating the rest of the room.

These are often in harmonizing

is that In used periodical- a room QUICK colors as well as levels of textures. PROFITS "BANQUETMASTER"ly, or dining as a such even in room LIGHT WEIGHT THE NEW from FOLDING for hall entrance, TABLE a front BANQUET a dramatic

beautiful Designed for today's

Churches Schools let yourself go with color and patEASY SALES Cafes Private Homes tern. The design might be historic,

Messenger Latterday Saint Calendars such as large traditional florals, that sold. Stakes easily be and can Wards for set the of the room—or mood profit. earn proven and A 100%

it interiors, tested more could have modern fundraising program.

Beautiful pictures in fullcolor,.. brief an Oriental or Near East flavor. Indaily inspirational Scriptural verses... spirations for patterns come from all

.. history calendar complete church translated over the world and are by West Made cover suitable full color backpage. and

L.D.S. in workmen.the designers American and manuby for framing. buy, Bancompare you BISHOPS—Before suit that facturers into patterns our quality for of material and Prices:.45 copies 12 4.50 quetmasters 1 copy

3 copies 1.25 25 copies 7.75 forworkmanship,descriptive beautybrochureof withdesign.pricesWriteand homes and way of life.

50 copies 15.00 discounts. Use a fresh approach in your

Satisfaction Guaranteed FOR QUANTITY WRITE TODAY in carpet the color home. Choose inspection. your sent for table PRICES AND Sample SALES TESTED PLAN

collect Write or 2-6601. telephone JA If happy. with which you are most

FRANCIS PROCTER brilliant shade, is in a soft more CO., INC. it D. H. LOOSLI S. 18th East, 2636 Salt Lake City, Utah Idaho Falls, Idaho in upholstery accent used be may

Please send at once Messenger LDS Historical Calendars for 1959. Enclosed or drapery fabric. If you prefer

is remittance of $ strong, brilliant color, by all means ( ) Please send free information on Ward use it and dramatize its beauty with and Stake Sales Plan. You Travel Best when undertoned coloring in other fabrics.

Name you arrange your There is more to good decoratAddress Travel with ing than chance. Use three colors

City State and repeat them for emphasis and harmony. As a general rule,

Franklin J. Murdock walls and large surfaces should be

TRAVEL AGENT soft and modified in color, small accessories in bright, and gggJJ**,, pieces TYPEWRITERS WorldWide A FOR GENEALOGY WORK colors. pure Travel Service rebuilds Buy save 60% on factory or rent—color, selecting your wall When Street 51 State North

TYPEWRITERS SCHREYER Salt City, Lake Utah

Literature Free Write for Dial Davis 2-1129 *<nmM>t* Salt State Lake City, Utah 757 So.

696 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

hg:lx> high the torch

whether you prefer wallpaper or painted walls, it is most imporant to remember that a color looks stronger The flaming torch, symbol of the press for ages, and more intense on the wall than blazes in prosaic places as well as the halls of the in a small sample. It is wise to

choose a shade paler than the one mighty in our times. For the newspaper

you think you want. The ceiling is everyone's pattern for modern

should be in harmony with your living. Take the kitchen, for instance.

room. A pale tint of the wall color In every home in the Intermountain

is attractive and will provide needed reflection of the lighting. Rooms West, there are dishes served from

look larger when a pale shade of the recipes found in The Salt Lake carpet color is echoed on the walls Tribune. And Mother and Father,

and ceiling. Sister and Brother, find advice

In planning a decorative scheme for diet, health and exercise in for your home, don't overlook the The Tribune. The Tribune andpossibilities of "area rugs."As their

tell you howname implies, these rugs are used HOME Magazine will to define an area in a room for a to cook, how to serve, how to grouping of furniture. This localdecorate your home

ized area might be in front of a fireand how to improve your or a televisionplace set or it might garden. It's all a part of that

is dining.be for a room When

large, and there is need to make it big package for modern living cozier for more intimate conversathat's an everyday necessity in tion or activities. A rug identifies your life, your daily issue of..

the chairs, sofa, or loveseat with accompanying tables as one group.

A "postagestamp"rug is for decoraWit j&ilt $kt %tihxmt tion only, the same as a beautiful accessory. It lends its color and One of America's GreatANewspapers

design excitement, but cannot do the job that a more complete rug or full................

carpet can do. These contribute

quiet, warmth and safety.

What size should an area rug be?

For complete underpinning to a furniture group that contains a sofa, feet nine aperhaps by twelve!- For Setting ihemte half thefun / withsmaller group perhaps two

chairs, a six foot by nine will do.

Use area rugs wisely, and they will help shape the looks of your house.

They come in colors and designs that can give a dramatic effect.

After you have had carpets installed, give them the care they deserve. Dayto-day care with a carpet sweeper or a vacuum, depending

on the amount of traffic, plus a more thorough vacuuming once a week should be sufficient to keep your carpet fresh and bright. For

best cleaning performance, the motordriven, brush beaterbar type vacuum cleaner is recommended.

Remove spots before they can $:!**:.? '!'have time to set. Stains caused by *4

water soluble materials can usually?Sif"SfK5:

be removed with a clean cloth and clear water. Do not soak. If necessary, use a commercial* cleaner sparingly with a wiping motion, so that

portiononly the top of the pile See your Cnordauthored Travel Agent and.. \2- unMicv wet. cleanersbecomes Powder

consisting of an inert powder or QUEEN ELIZABETH QUEEN MARY MAURETANIA CARONIA BRITANNIC

MEDIA PARTHIA CARINTHIA IVERNIA SAXONIA SYLVANIA

SEPTEMBER 1958 697

Ev&iyhody &un& ftfeea Tabfe Queeit, 3/ueacU

granular material moistened with or iSVajtf fresher longer solution solvent are very satisin the factory. Vacuum thoroughly to rewaxed paper wrapper move the powder; this is most important. Mothproofing sprays will

keep your carpet safe from destruction. For professional care consult the best carpet cleaner available.

He has the knowledge, experience, and equipment that your carpet deserves.

Carpets are of four main types.

Axminster weaves provide almost unlimited possibilities for variation in color, design, and texture in stylized, geometric, classic, modern, or floral patterns. The pile is cut,

Delicious... nourishing not looped, except in a few special

weaves. Almost all the yarn is in

Contains the non fat the surface.

solids of a full glass of Wilton weaves are dense and commiik pact, with a reputation for unusually

Enriched with vitamins clear designs and colors. Wilton

Sail Lake City R O YA L HA KING COMPAN Y Ogden and iron carpets are made with either cut or looped pile, or a combination.

Velvet weave is closely woven, Only 20 Extra Seconds long wearing, rich looking, with a

To Make HOT Starch plushor the effectyarn iswhenstraight.the pileA cutis pilecut

of twisted yarn provides a frieze

Only hot starch penetrates surface and an uncut, looped pile Saves

Cold starch coats the surface methodTuftingofis carpetnot a weavemanufacturebut a newin 20 Minutes... Makes ironing easyproduces a pebbly texture.

Ironing... Makes ironing hard. whichduced incarpetsa wideandrangerugs ofarecolors,proranteed I shades, and textures by sewing

Good Housekeeping yarns to heavy backing. Time In addition to the four basic

methods, manufacturers use many

The easiest starch to iron variations to produce the great

Try it... You'll See variety of carpets available to American consumers.

+o-mm+ 1 > -<< ><<) - t-o-mm-i>-m-<i--u-m

Wool is the most widely used natural fiber for carpets and rugs.

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS Red Fabrikoid Manmade fibers, however, are comin treatmentAids simple of Canker, sore throat minor and other mouth LooseLeaf ingand closereven excellingto wool it inin performancecolor. Since

fibers testtube engineered can beand throat irritations. ERA Binders to use, a specific they can be anyHOLDS 13 ISSUES thing that man can invent within HALLS REMEDY the limitations of the chemical used Salt Lake City, Utah

$1.75 and machinery to fabricate it. For

instance, a carpet rayon is a quite different product from the rayon

CARNIVAL SUPPLIES The Improvement used in lingerie. The same holds

CONSIGNED FOR YOUR for nylon, and newest to the carpet

CARNIVAL LARGE OR SMALL Era world, acrilan and dynel.

BEEHIVE CARNIVAL and 50 North Main St. Both nylon and rayon have been

NOVELTY COMPANY Salt Lake City 16, Utah created in a brand new form for 1st South EL 9-3969 131 West carpet. Acrilan and dynel have a

different chemical composition from the other manmade fibers, but they

LINOTYPE OPERATOR DRINK look similar, and tests show great

Wanted for commercial print shop in promise. When it comes to blends,

college LDS 5000. Clear town of westthe best characteristics of each fiber

air, ern wholesome community, Churchficq A delightful cperated Ricks College. For details write: hot beverage for those

Art Porter—Rexhurg, Idaho who don't drink coffee.

GROCERS 698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA are put to use for reasons of design Jacquard, a term used in referring and durability. to the looming of patterns in Wilton

Here are some terms about carpets carpets, is an attachment which peryou will want to know: mits great variety in design.

Backing is the material used on Pile means the tufts of yarns that the underside. It is usually made stand erect from the base of the

of jute, cotton, carpet rayon, or carpet, and whose ends form the kraftcord. surface. The ends may be cut or

Blends are combinations of naturlooped.

al fibers with manmade fibers, or Ply is the number of strands of of two or more manmade fibers. single yarn twisted together to form

carpet fibers includeManmade one yarn end—such as 2-ply, 3-ply, WatXtyip in comfort acetate, saran nylon,rayon, and a 4-ply.

few others. Sculptured carpeting has low and with individual seating

Broadloom means seamless carpets highrelief designs woven into the of any weave produced on broad surface texture. by

looms, from six to eighteen feet Stria or Striated is an irregular and more HEYWOOD- 1 stripe effect procarpets twisting More obtained canwide. by By seaming, 'WAKEFIELD worship places of colors. of different together matter beauty, yarnsvide continuous no

how wide the floor may be. Texture refers to the surface of are featuring indiCotton, a fiber from the vegetable carpet. It varies from the dense vidual comfort and

with privacy HeywoodWakefield cotton decorativekingdom, makes the smoothness Velvet produced by Tastefully seating. designed and colors. clear strong, in Texcarpets to of interesting softness the weave quality highest to manufactured in similar effects to thosetured wool carpets. Axminster

are chairs available with standards, popular. especially arecarpets relievdesigns, ToneOn-Tone by aisle variety racks hymnal a of and are designs those Embossed, which solid the of color ing broad expanse the to requirements ends adapted relief in the backstand from up other of the with hue, shades same specific denomination. of each or are of the carpetingground of variety subtle achieve a appearfolder. illustrated for Write

effect. to that are give Theywoven is It ideal of ance. for large areas HEYWOODWAKEFIELD COMPANYalso to referred as "brocaded."carpeting, where a bold design Division Church Seating tightly are carpet yarns Frieze might be overpowering. MENOMINEE, MICHIGAN

ittwisted, possible to making weave a richly textured effect into the surWool carpet yarns are spun from face. imported wool fibers chosen for

Loom is the machine, threaded various qualities, such as springiness, with carpet yarns, on which carpets whiteness and wearing ability.are woven. Warp yarns run the length of the May We

Moresque describes carpet which carpet.

features two or threeply yarns in Weft yarns run across the width DEMONSTRATE balanced tones of the same color. of the carpet.

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD

FURNITURE

TO HEYWOOD- 1 Melchizedek Priesthood the name and address of the bishop 'WAKEFIELD and advisers, and other pertinent YOU?

information.

(Continued) couple with mis- 5. The advisers will set up a recsionary experience be preferwould ord of and it will be each member, We also sell: oftenable, since new members have their responsibility of a tally to keep

questions on the gospel, and those each of these new members. Each Clarin Folding Chairs

with missionary experience would be quarter the bishop, under an apChurch Pews

Folding Partitions these. qualifiedbest to handle will the adviser, pointment by made

Flannelboards In where some wards large numto review meet each member new

Blackboards in year, ofbers converts each come his his feel spirit progress of so and

Stage Curtainsit to sevappoint necessary be may that the of progress appraise he may

Paper Janitorial and Supplieseral of that couples, so needs such the member. new

Mimeograph and Ditto Maadequatelythe be members may new 6. will advisers the introduce The

chines this of brethcase,met. the In one to their converts Senrespective new

ren should be appointed as chairior Aaronic Priesthood advisers and man of the integration committee. quorum presidencies, the auxiliary

4. At the time of baptism, the officers and teachers, and the ward

missionary will give the convert a teachers.

folder setting forth the schedule of 7. When an investigator is about

the meetings of the ward or branch, ready for baptism, the missionaries & SUPPLY COMPANY

SALT LAKE OGDEN * IDAHO FALLS

SEPTEMBER 1958 699 COAT and HAT RACKS for every Church need 4 ft. A vides ventilated(S-4-CT) Checkerettehat shelves proand will introduce him, whenever feasinew converts into the full program either 24 coat hangers or 32 coat ble, to the bishops and to the adof the Church. Items noted should

hooks. A double

ette of equal length(D-4-CT)accommodatesCheckervisers, who will then be assigned be checked carefully for each conhangers or 48 on 64 on hooks. Both

setup be can disto look after his progress. The advert for at least six months. An apor anywhere

in assembled less than a minute visers should become acquainted propriate church assignment should bolts or tools, without nuts, can be stored like folding chairs, or willwith the new convert even before be given to every newly baptized rigid for stand years. The double he comes into the Church and atmember. Adult brethren who are Checkerette casters comes on large

for when easy movement assembled. Checkerettes canit beia tend the baptism. worthy to be baptized are worthy

assembled "high"for robes or vest- 8. The advisers will work with the to hold the Aaronic Priesthood. It

ments, "normal"for adult wraps or new converts for as long as the bishis recommended that newly bapfor children. "low"Checkerette

Wall Racks come lengths and will accommodatein 2, 3 and up4 ft.to op considers it necessary that they tized brethren of Aaronic Priestfoot. hats per running 12 coats and do so. hood age have the Aaronic Priestare on wall at mounted They proper heights for each age These cards are being supplied to hood conferred upon them and be

for Bulletin group. Write CT690 other all wards so that advisers may carry ordained deacons within two weeks showing these and

modern steel wardrobe units. out their responsibilities in tying after baptism.

VOGELPETERSON PeopleCOMPANY Rack Coat The

Street, 9, Illinois Chicago 37th 1127 West

TJicn/boe i FOLDING The Church Moves On BANQUET (Continued) island. Nine districts would be included with

TABLES a total membership of 6271. The New Zealand Mission would

include the northern half of the north island. The new mission

Direct Prices & president was not named. President Ariel S. Ballif has been presiDiscounts to dent of the New Zealand Mission for several years.

Schools, Churches, Clubs, Lodges, Elder James L. Barker, former president of both the Argentine

and all Institutions and the French Missions, and author of The Divine Church, the

Melchizedek Priesthood course of study of several years ago, was killed in an automobile accident at Midvale, Utah.

TRUCKS storingMONROE For easy, wayTables modernFoldingtables truck June 1958 EachandConstrue*storagtfChalrj chairs.permits handlesthetion of No. TSCor Storage Transport eitherTruckspace. in limited

TS Trued No.

Write for Discounts and Catalog showing 54 The St. Louis Stake of Zion was organized from the East

sizes Folding and types of MONROE Tables, Missouri District of the Central States Mission by Elders line of and Trucks. Also popular Folding Chairs.

of Council of the E. Petersen Harold and Mark B. Lee "THomoe. the company as president Oscarson Elder was sustained Roy W. '249 COLFAX. the Twelve. STREET. CHURCH

of the stake, with Elders Henry J. Beal and Clifford N. Stutz as

counselors. Wards are St. Louis First, St. Louis Second, East St.

Louis, Alton, Belleville. Also included in the stake is the Rolla

Branch. This is the 265th stake now functioning in the Church. FILMS! before, St. Louis 4, once on November DEVELOPED it years, time during four which & PRINTED A1854.stakeIt wasfunctionedorganizedforatabout

served the Saints living in St. Louis as well as those who were

emigrating to the West, who would use that city as a temporary

Exposui Send Coin Only resting place.

—No C.O.D.'s

PHOTOS CopU Granger Stake, 266th now functioning in the Church, r GENEALOGYorganized from parts of North Jordan (Utah) Stake, with

President William Grant Bangerter, who has been president

PHOTO of North Jordan Stake for several years, sustained as president of

IP. O. Box 1115, Dept. AA, Salt Lake City, Ut: Granger Stake. His counselors are Elders Iris B. Morgan and

Frankland J. Kennard. Membership in the new stake is approxi-

f$SU AMAZING DS BUFFING.NEW QUICKIEBRUSHINGSHINEFOREVERSPRAY matelyFifth, Sixth,six thousand,Seventh, inEighth,eight Redwood,wards: Granger,and RedwoodGranger Second.Third,

FANTASTIC INSTANT SELLER Sustained as president of North Jordan Stake was Elder Eldon V. fundraising -. for easy

Revolutionary formula with wax, lanolin, Breeze who had been serving as first counselor to President Bansilicone instant natural produces shine And gerter. Elder Leon E. Miller was released as second counselor in, all colors Simple demonstration one can does

W demonstratorsells 8 out of can,10! Rushfull information.refundable SI 00 for the old stake presidency. Elders Willard W. Bawden and Dean

James R. Barnet Co., Wellesley Hills 81, Mass., Dept. 1-98 S. Farnsworth were sustained as counselors to President Breeze.

There is a membership of approximately thirtysix hundred in

ACME SUPREME Hunterfive wardsSecond,of NorthandJordanThird. Stake:These Grangerchanges Second,were effectedFourth,byHunter,Elder

JUICER Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the Twelve and Patriarch

Elden H. VanWagoner Eldred G. Smith.

3225 South 6th East Salt Lake City, Utah

700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pre June conference events included a YWMIA camp institute, drama and music workshops, rehearsals for the festivals, and the Master M MenGolden Gleaner banquet and program. Here Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the Council of the

Twelve and Mrs. Kimball were awarded honorary Master M

Men and Honorary Golden Gleaner certificates.

The fiftyninth annual June conference of the Mutual Improvement Associations opened on Temple Square.

Praise Ye the Lord, the combined arts festival was presented this evening in the Salt Lake Tabernacle.

The Great Builder, the dance festival, was presented in the So good for babies

University of Utah Stadium.

...that Special

Departmental sessions were the order of the day at the

June conference. Morning Milk

The combined arts festival was twice presented in the

Tabernacle this evening; the dance festival was given at the

stadium. So easy to digest, Special Morning

It was announced that Mrs. Stella H. Oaks, Mrs. Elaine D. Milk is the only evaporated milk

Dyer, and Miss Va Loris Webb had been appointed to the general especially developed for babies... board of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association.

the only evaporated milk with ex- "Youth, the Hope of the World/'was the title of the tra Vitamins A and D added in

Church of the Air Address given over the Columbia Broadthe amount doctors believe best to casting System's radio network by General Superintendent help promote sound bones and

Joseph T. Bentley of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Assoteeth and build resistance to

ciation.

At the morning session of the June conference, presided over disease.

by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., of the First Presidency, a new

board of fiftysix members was sustained for the Young Men's Ask your doctor about Special

Mutual Improvement Association. Morning Milk for your baby!

Ye Shall Prosper in the Land, was the presentation in the

Tabernacle during the final session of the MIA conference. It was

under the direction of the speech committee and the general MIA executives.

Elder Willard Smith Wray sustained president of Blackfoot (Idaho) Stake, succeeds President Parley A. Arave

who has been called as president of Western Canadian

Mission. Elder Wray was his second counselor. Elder Howard

Packham was released as first counselor. New counselors are Elders

Allan F; Larson and Robert M. Kerr, Jr.

Elder Vernon L. Kunz formerly first counselor in the South

Sanpete (Utah) Stake, sustained stake president to succeed J.

Elliott Cameron. Elder Neil C. Frischknecht, second counselor,

was sustained first counselor. Elder R. Clair Anderson is the new

second counselor.

The thirtyfifth annual Leadership Week began at Brigham

Young University.

Annual Old Folks'Day in Salt Lake City. About six thousand persons, seventy years of age or more, of all creeds

and colors, attended the program in Liberty Park, which was sponsored by the Church.

The First Presidency appointed Elder Alexander P. Anderson to preside in the newlycreated New Zealand South

Mission. President Anderson is a former bishop of Waterloo Ward, and a former member of the Wells Stake high council, and was a member of the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir for

twenty years. Mrs. Anderson, now second counselor in the Relief

Society general presidency, and their daughter, Lynda, will accompany him to New Zealand. They are members of the Cottonwood

Second Ward, Cottonwood Stake.

SEPTEMBER 1958 701

These Times spected our right to such a policy—

whenever they did respect it. We

( Continued necessarily mean might remember our own history in

Russianinspired revolution. this connection. Secondly, we should

American policy in the Middle begin to ponder strongly shifting

East, so far as Arab states are conour policy considerations in the cerned, is presently anchored around eastern Mediterranean; rather than

Saudi Arabia, its oil, its strategic use NATOBaghdad Pact considerposition, our air bases there, and its ations there and in the Arab world monarchy. As the American pesouth of that point, we should retroleum industry deploys its best build. The new structure should be

brains to the oil issue, it is also time based directly on friendship for

The Intermountain West's for the State Department, the Air all peoples in the area as a cardinal

Force, and the Defense Department, element of U.S. policy. This means

Largest and Finest to explore ways to ascertain whether taking a new look at Colonel Nasser,

Bridal Salon certain kings'"time"have come; and and at the United Arab Republic

if so, to be honest and sincere in our who are Islamic and anticommunist friendship for them but also with in their beliefs. In immediate terms,

their people; and to make our posimany Americans are prone to look at

tion for "government by consent"the UAR as a device to choke Israel.

clear. In the perspective of history it is

It is sometimes hard to "tell much more than that. It is the extentime."But it is necessary if one sion of an aspiration, of nationalism

doesn't miss planes, busses, trains, transplanted to Islam. One has only

and revolutions. to remember the Baghdad Caliphate

4. Israel. Israel has achieved naof the tenth century A.D., the Sarational independence. It has the supcen, and the Ottoman empires.

VISIT OUR port of the west in most, if not all, Western scholarship has misjudged of the major issues of that achievethe ability of elements within the NEW LOCATION ment. The clock is clear on this Islamic world to unite politically.

38 South Main Street point and cannot be turned back. The Arab League, for years, was disSalt Lake City Utah American involvement with Israel is missed in many foreign policy realmost as deep as American involveports as of "no consequence politicalment with Connecticut. We may ly."Colonel Nasser and the United

have to offer, and Israel may have to Arab Republic require reappraisal.

(from us) eventually, Isthmus the of Suez a The and Red KITCHEI1 CHflRITl accept neutrality, in as Switzer- "guaranteed"Sea are stratfundamental world land, Belgium, Portugal, and Sweden egy. WAXED PAPER

KEEPS FOOD havedom. sometimesTo sit underenjoyed,their ownwith vinesfreeeffortsAmericanto arrivehistoryat "peace,is filledcommerce,with

FRESHER LONGER! andguaranteesfig trees,not onlyIsraelfromwilltherequireUSA andencouragingfriendship"the "selfdetermination"with all nations, in

and other western powers, but from of peoples. It is most important we

the United Arab Republic, the respect those same objectives in the

USSR, and others concerned. This Middle East. If the American peowill be difficult, but not impossible ple can tolerate the Batista regime

to achieve, as US policy. in Cuba, their consciences should

5. American Strategy. Our aim have little difficulty with Colonel

since the Truman Doctrine (1947) Nasser in Egypt—and still reassure

has been to keep Soviet influence and guarantee security for Israel.

out of the Middle East without the Such a policy can be enlarged from direct use of military force. This President Eisenhower's message of

aim will continue. For the long haul July 19, 1958 to the American troops

ahead, reckoning with neutralism, "While you are in Lebanon, each communism, and all the other comof you is a personal representative of plicating factors, however, the the United States—a symbol of the

United States should be prepared to national aspirations for freedom for accept "neutralism"as a correct atall people."

titude on the part of many peoples The Soviets have successfully exbetween Gibraltar and Indonesia. ploited Arab nationalism. We, who

George Washington and his policy launched the colonial revolution in advisers invented "neutrality"as a 1776, need to polish up our basic policy for a young, weak, indeideals and stand forth as the true pendent nation. We had difficulty champions of "national aspirations

making it work. But we liked and for freedom."We crossed that bridge

appreciated those powers who reduring the Suez crisis in 1956. There

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS OF HOUSEWIVES...

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS 702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *MS4* a*** ''* should be no turning back on these principles now.

From the Islands of the Sea

(Continued) and then this paragraph was added: "We would like

all districts and everyone taking part in this fiafia (which means happy time or fun time) to notice the time limit placed as the first item on the list. Time your numbers so that

they do not go over this time. If

you do, we will have no alternative but to turn the lights out on you so the -fiafia will not run too long. Thank have your children seen

you for your cooperation, please plan these things well."

The fourth day was turned over to the "traveling party."A spiritual

conclusion this to indeed, was sit the Goldfishat of feet the apostle of an the Lord fun of the part he's hadwho from the come faraway in the dinner family ofcenter of the Church.'—M.C.J.

COFFEE SHOP FOOTNOTES AND REFERENCES Hotel Utah

FOR ARTICLES: Max Carpenter, Manager

How We Learn *The Soul of the Universe, Gustaf Stromberg.

The Man Who Is Wise For every home that has a Bible iRichard W. Eckstein, M. D., "Effect of Exercise and Coronary Artery Narrowing On Coronary

Collateral Circulation,"Circulation Research, THE ALL -NEW

Vol. V, No. 3, May 1957.

2D. F. Hill, M. D., Circular, North American

Clinic, March, 1955.

K. Ph. Cureton, 3Thomas Exercise D "What

You,"Can April, 1957. Rand McNally Health, Do For Life and

4Salt Lake Tribune, (UPI), June 26, 1958.

5Jean Mayer, Ph.D., "Exercise Does Keep the

Weight Down,"Atlantic Monthly, July 1955. eThomas K. Cureton, Ph.D., "Preservation of BIBLE ATLAS

the Middle Aged Man,"The Journal of Physical The one indispensable companion volume to the Vol.Education, 52, No. 2, NovemberDecember,

1954. Great Book is this completely new Rand McNally

BIBLE ATLAS. It contains 40 pages of beautiThe Spoken Word ful, new, fullcolor maps and 448 pages of

Freedom—so rare, so precious, so perishable photographs, sketch maps, and stimulating informa-

\Tolm Ray, English Proverbs 1670. tion that will increase many times your appreciation

m Cor. 3:17. and understanding of Holy Scriptures.

The Partnership of Parents $8.95

1Harry Emerson Fosdick, What I Owe to My

Father (To Frank S. Fosdick).

"Samuel A. Eliot, What I Owe to My Father

(To Charles W. Eliot). Co. Deseretngfflooh DESERET BOOK COMPANY

....-'*':,./ 44 East South, Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah 44 Temple East South

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS: Salt Lake City, Utah

Cover, Saans Photo; John Davenport, art, 625, Gentlemen:

655, 704; Wide World Photos, 628; Alvin GitEnclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) I have an account. Please charge

tins, art, 651; Dale Kilbourn, art, 655, 662663;

Jeanne Lindorff, art, 657, 668; Lorin Wiggins, amount enclosed for copies of Rand McNally Bible

656, 657; H. Armstrong Roberts, 661; Ralph Atlas.

Reynolds, art, 664; Max Tharpe, 665; Harold Name

M. Lambert, 666; Jean Graf, Selvage & Lee,

Inc., 694695. Address

City Zone State.

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

SEPTEMBER 1958 703 The Last Word

The following social note appeared in a Midwest weekly: The BookLovers Club had its first summer

gettogether of the with at the husbands members

Will Rogers: So live dinner evening. Following dinner the the Thursday

that wouldn't be you group went to the home of a member to watch teleto sell the famashamed vision.

ily parrot to the town gossip.

H. L. Mencken: 'Tis more blessed to give than to

receive; for example, wedding presents.

Shortly after a couple had moved to a small New After a hard day at the office, a man went home

England town, the lady of the house complained to to his wife and cute little threeyear-old daughter.

her neighbor about the poor service at the local "Have you a kiss for Daddy?"he asked.

library, hoping that the woman would repeat her "No."

complaint to the librarian.

all of "I'm you. hard ashamed Your works daddy library, next to the time the went The woman

like to bring money, day and behave some you home set librarian that aside best the she found had two that. kiss?"that where's on now, Come sellers for for her a biography her and husband. new

What is more, the librarian seemed genuinely glad Looking him right in the eye, the threeyear-old to see her. said, "Where's the money?"

The newcomer told this to her friend saying, "I suppose you told the librarian how poor I thought the service was."

"No,"was the reply. "I hope you don't mind, but

I told her that your husband was amazed at how well she had built up a small town library and that you David Lloyd George: A politician is a person with

thought she showed wonderful taste in the books she whose politics you don't agree; if you agree with him

selected."AMA Journal he's a statesman.

A visitor to Texas got into a big car driven by his host. The host—a man of 65 or so—immediately removed his glasses, placed them on the seat, and tore

down the highway.

"Shouldn't you wear your glasses while driving?"

the visitor asked, a bit nervously.

"Don't worry,"the Texan replied, "I've had the windshield ground to fit my eyes."

Exasperated employer: "You were twenty minutes The small stones which fill up the crevices have

late again this morning. Don't you know what time almost as much to do with making the fair and firm

we start work in this office?"wall as the great rocks. Likewise, the wise use of

Tardy employee: "No, sir. You're always working spare moments contributes not a little to the building

when I get here."up in good proportions a man's mind.

704 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

Vast resources

to enrich and inspire... ofTONE

A Baldwin Organ in your church will provide just the In Baldivin... Precise tonal quality to enrich every

sound you desire to help establish the proper religious moment of your service: Leading the congregation...

feeling and devotional response. Only Baldwin offers Accompanying the choir... Performing organ solos...

the organist traditional organ tone plus the unique Creating a devotional atmosphere.

additional resources of tone made possible by modern electronics. Combined with the extensive complement

of unduplicated, independentlyvoiced stops, you get subtle refinements of tone that are truly inspiring..

from quiet meditation to grand, triumphant moments of praise and glory. The Baldwin Organ is indeed an r

instrument of great tonal resources and beauty. For

more detailed information concerning the selection are church, you organ for your of a new invited to /*Q- free informative for Baldwin's in the send coupon new book, "Questions and Answers."The Baldwin Piano Company C

Building DD-1, Cincinnati 2, Ohio Z'

Please send me FREE book "Questions and Answers"about

BUILT BY Baldwin Organs.

Name. 3ALDWIN

PIANOS ORGANS Address

City Zone State ALSO BUILT BY BALDWIN: THE ORGASONIC ORGAN: BALDWIN, HAMILTON AND ACROSONIG PIANOS

A special plan...

for a young man

This budding young quarterback makes up in determination what he lacks in skill.

And he's a young man with a plan—whether

it's football strategy or his career in the years ahead.

His Dad gave him a mansized start in the right direction when he wisely invested in his son's future—with Beneficial's Juvenile

Planned Futures. With this unique plan, each

$1,000 of insurance bought now (age 15 or under) will be worth $5,000 when the boy is 21—yet the premium never increases. It's

one of today's best insurance buys: It protects

the insurability of your son or daughter—

even if health is impaired in the future. It

creates an insurance "estate"that can be drawn upon for emergencies, for advanced education, and other needs... with all the

liberal cash surrender, loan, and paidup insurance values of other permanent insurance policies.

Are you the 1 Dad in 10 who should buy this plan?

Of course not everyone should invest in

Juvenile Planned Futures for their children.

Family income protection, and insurance on the family breadwinner, should come first. But

after other insurance needs have been taken care of, then you may find that this plan is for you—a real bargain buy, and one of the

most sureto-beappreciated gifts you can give your children.

For more complete details, mail this coupon today—

or call your Beneficial man.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

Beneficial Building Salt Lake City, Utah Please send complete details about your Juvenile Planned BENEFICIAL MEE

Futures program.

Name Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Street or RFD

City Zone. State.

E98