Vacation Time

SPECIAL SUMMER EXCURSION FARES VIA Southern Pacific Lines TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH

WAYS VIA SAN FRANCISCO $42.60

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO ft I ft RETURNING DIRECT OR ROUTEfl r

I U REVERSED OUUi PROPORTIONATELY LOW FARES FROM ALL OTHER POINTS IN

UTAH, IDAHO AND MONTANA.

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS.

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY MAY 15th TO SEPT. 30th

FINAL RETURN LIMIT OCTOBER 31st.

For complete information, tickets and reservations, call, write or phone

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SOUTH MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY

PHONES WASATCH 3008—3078

NEW READING COURSE BOOKS

Adopted by MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION

For 19261927 By Mail Book of Mormon $.50 $. 50

Prophesies of Joseph Smith and Their

Fulfilment—By Nephi L. Morris.. 1.50 1.50

Hugh Wynne—By S. Weir Mitchell,

M. D 1.25 1.35

Enos A. Wild Life on The Rockies—By

Mills 2.50 2.60

Full Set of Four Anywhere $5.50 Books—Delivered

Note: Remittance Must be Sent With Order

Deseret Book Company 44 East on South Temple P. O. Box 1793

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I Am Old Glory

Proud sentinel o'er a soldier grave;

Mute tribute to the life he gave,

When titled monarchs in conclave

Planned their Holocaust.

Great Master of men's destiny,

Give them power that they may see

How utterly void the earth must be

With human freedom lost.

Love sinews from a maiden's heart,

Knit snugly there from friendship's start,

Were singly, slowly torn apart

To weave my stripes of red.

And Mother's hair erstwhile so brown,

By dumb fear changed to white swan's down,

Offered this, her hallowed crown,

For white stripes, warp and thread.

From countless orphaned baby eyes,

My field of blue was synthesized,

That sovereign emblems from the skies

Might gleam a refutation.

Each seismic thread of marshalled feet,

And muffled throb of war drum's beat,

Borne on the breeze, transforms my sheet

To frenzied protestation.

As weary workmen homeward plod,

As Irene reigns o'er crag and sod,

With folded arms I bow to God In vesper meditation;

And this my silent prayer must be,

At once desire and prophecy, "Great God, may I, through sympathy.

Teach men felicitation."

Sigurd, Utah. IRVIN L. WARNOCK.

Improvement Era

Vol. XXIX JULY, 1926 No. 9

THE RELIGION OF THE LATTERDAY

SAINTS* By Hon. Reed Smoot, United States Senator From Utah

following article appeared in the March issue of The Note—The

Herald of the Star, London, and is here reproduced by permission.

Aj. published the article was accompanied by an editorial comment

reading: "Mr. Smoot is Chairman of the National Finance Committee of

the United States. Last Summer he was an honored guest of President

Coolidge at his Summer residence. He is everywhere in the United

States of America respected for his ability and integrity."

It may be added that Senator Smoot is a figure of international prominence, and the high repute in which he is held abroad is equalled only by the esteem accorded him by his own countrymen.

Not only is he in the front rank of American statesmen, but also occupies an exalted position in the ecclesiastical organization to which he belongs, being one of the) Council of the Twelve Apostles of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Editor Millennial Star,

The Latterday Saints are called "Mormons,"and their religion "Mormonism,"for the same reason that the ancient followers of the

Chiist were called "Christians"and their religion "Christianism,"or "Christianity."That reason was a desire on the part of those hostile

to the strange creed to render it and its disciples ridiculous in the eyes of mankind. How far the desire was realized, history tells.

Today, in all the civilized world, there is no name more honored than that of "Christian,"and I confidently look for history to repeat itself in making the name "Mormon"equally wellesteemed.

*This article with introductory editorial note appeared in tha Millennial Star,

April 22, 1926.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918, $2 per annum.

Address Room 40 6, Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

826 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The true name of the followers of Joseph Smith is Latterday

Saints, in contradistinction to the formerday "Christians"Saints—the

of Christ's time. The case is simply this: An ancient American

prophet named Mormon wrote upon metal plates a religious history entitled The Book of Mormon, which Joseph Smith, by divine aid and direction, discovered, translated, and published to the world.

From the first, those who believed in that book were styled "Morwhy, let the logicians decide. It would be just as reasonmons"—just

able to dub the members of the Methodist Church "Wesleys"after the founder of that organization, or the Presbyterians "Calvins,"as it is to term the Latterday Saints "Mormons."But when the world

makes up its mind to oppose a religious innovation, especially if it claims a divine origin, reason and logic are too often conspicuous by their absence. They are thrown to the winds, and clamor and mobviolence substituted. The case of "Mormonism"is no exception.

Perhaps the commonest mistake made by its opponents is the supposition that it is a new creed, a modern development of religion.

1 no such pretension. It proclaims itself theBut "Mormonism"makes

everlasting gospel, a restored religion, notf a new one. It harks back

to the creation of the world, when God gave to the man, whom he had created in his own image, the knowledge of a previous life, the cbject of the present existence, and the destiny of the race after this life has been lived. In other words, to Adam, the first man, was

revealed the gospel of Jesus code or system of sacred laws Christ—a

or ordinances, instituted in the heavens before this world was created, and designed for man's uplift, eternal progress and glorious exaltation.

The gospel was rendered operative unto this great end by Adam's fail and by Christ's great steps in the onward march redemption—two

toward perfection.

Adam's fall brought man's spirit into the world, and clothed it with a body of flesh and bone; Christ's atoning sacrifice nullified

the universal death resulting from the original transgression, and made it possible for man, thus redeemed from the grave, to go on to everlasting glory.

The first principle of the gospel is Faith in God: the second,

Repentance; the third, Baptism; and the fourth, the Gift of the Holy

Ghost. But this is only the doorway into the kingdom. Obedience

to all divine commands must supplement those initial requirements, if one would inherit the highest degree of heavenly glory. Such were

among the teachings of the modern prophet, and that they accord strictly with the doctrines inculcated by the Savior and his ancienr apostles is due to the fact that the gospel is the same in all ages.

Joseph Smith taught no new doctrine. He brought back the ancient

fa<th, whose restoration to earth in the latter days was forscen by

John on Patmos, in the year 96 A. D. (Rev. 14:6.)

"Mormonism"makes no claim to originality, so far as its doctrines

RELIGION OF THE LATTERDAY SAINTS 82 7

arc concerned. Framed in the heavens, it was revealed first to Adam;

after him to Enoch, to Noah, to Abraham, and to Moses, in a series of dispensations reaching down to the days of Christ, and on into these latter days, when it has come again, this time to prepare the way before the second appearing of the Lord and the winding up of his work as pertaining to this planet. Such is its ancient past and present

purpose, as set forth in the sacred books of the Church. These books,

in addition to the Bible, are the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and

Covenants, and the Pearl of Great Price, the latter two containing the revelations of Jesus Christ to his servant Joseph Smith.

When "Mormonism"came forth, the doctrine was being widely taught that men were either predestined to be saved or predestined to be damned, regardless of any good or evil done by them. Joseph

Smith denounced this as a false doctrine, declaring that no man was predestined either to be saved or damned, but that every man was a free moral agent, with the right to choose between good and evil and take the consequences of his choice.

Infant damnation was another popular tenet of that period.

Little children who died without being baptized were consigned by the theologians to the infernal regions, and there was no hope of redemption. Said Joseph Smith: "Baptism is for the remission of

sins, and little children are sinless; therefore they need no baptism,

but are redeemed by the blood of Christ from the foundation of the world."It was also held that many of the best men and women of antiquity were eternally lost, simply because they had not lived on earth when the gospel was here. Joseph Smith maintained, with

John the Revelator, that all men will be judged according to their works (Rev. 20:1113) and that none will be held accountable

for opportunities that they never possessed. Joseph went so far as to

say that men will be judged, not only for their deeds, but for their desires, and that all who would have obeyed the gospel, had they been given the opportunity, will stand upon the same plane as those who do obey it, and are heirs of the celestial kingdom. All men

will have an opportunity to receive the gospel, in this world or the next, and those who obey it here have the privilege of saving their dead ancestors, who prove worthy, through the performance of sacred ordinances in their behalf. For this purpose, among others, the

Latterday Saints build temples, wherein this vicarious work is done.

There was one heaven for the righteous, and one hell for the wicked, according to the orthodoxy of Joseph Smith's day. But he

pointed to the teachings of Jesus, who said to his faithful disciples:

go to prepare a place "In my Father's house are many mansions—I

for you, that where I am, there ye may be also."This promise was

not to everybody, but only to those worthy of it; and the "place"

referred to was but one of the "many mansions"of the Father.

82 8 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Virtually the same doctrine was taught by Paul the Apostle, who said: "There are also celestial bodies, and bodies terrestrial

* * * There is one glory of the sun, and another glory of the moon, and another glory of the stars: for one star differeth from

another,star in glory. So also is the resurrection of the dead."

Joseph Smith amplified this doctrine, claiming to have had a vision of the three terrestrial and glories—celestial, telestial—constituting,

with their various degrees, the "many mansions"spoken of by the

Savior. Celestial glory, of which the. sun in the firmament is typical,

is for those who obey (or would have obeyed) the gospel on earth;

terrestrial glory, which is comparable to the moon, for those who receive not the testimony of Jesus in the flesh, but afterwards receive it; and telestial glory, symbolized by the stars, is the eternal abode of

those who are redeemed after passing through hell, where they ate purged of their sins, and are then delivered from the spirit prison house and given a portion, but not the fulness, of God's glory.

All men are to be saved, said Joseph Smith, except "the sons cf perdition,"those who have had every opportunity, not only fot salvation, but for exaltation, and have proved recreant to every trust men who have embraced the gospel and borne the Priesthood, who have known God and his Son, and have sinned against the Holy Ghost by denying and trampling upon all.

Such in brief is "Mormonism,"or, as it proclaims itself, the everlasting gospel, restored after an absence of ages, at the opening of the greatest and last of the gospel Dispensation dispensations—the

of the Fulness of Times k It is not a menace to mankind, any more than was primitive and pure Christianity, which "Mormonism"claims to be. Its purpose is to gather the scattered House of Israel, that they

may be ready to meet their God, Jehovah, when he again appears. He

will come first to Zion, the New Jerusalem, a sacred city yet to be built upon the North American continent, which, with South America, constitutes the Land of Zion. He will then go to Jerusalem, where

the Jews, now gathering to that place, having rebuilt their ancient city, will recognize in him the long looked for Messiah, whom their forefathers rejected and crucified. They will fall at his feet,'worship

him, and be converted to the truth.

To effect these mighty purposes, Joseph Smith, claiming lineal descent from Joseph of old, through the loins of Ephraim, lifted the "Ensign"for the assembling of the dispersed House of Israel the modern descendants of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, (Isaiah 11:12).

In other words, he organized the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, and sent a colony into western Missouri to begin the work of "building up Zion."He also dispatched an apostolic messenger to

Palestine, to dedicate that land for the return of the Jews. This

mission was accomplished, but the Missourian colony were not allowed to complete their work. They were driven by mobs from the lands

RELIGION OF THE LATTERDAY SAINTS 829

that they had purchased from the Government, and were not permitted to return.

It may interest British readers to know that Orson Hyde, the apostle sent by the Prophet Joseph Smith to dedicate the land of

Palestine, performed that duty in October, 1841, and prophesied, a little later, that Great Britain would be an instrument in the hands of

Providence for the reclamation of that land and the return of Judah to his ancient heritage. This prediction was fulfilled in part when

General Allenby, at the, head of a British army, in December, 1917, entered Jerusalem, drove out the Turks, made an English Jew

Governor and established a British protectorate over the land of

Palestine.

Pending the rise of the City of Zion in America, the Latterday

Saints are establishing Stakes of Zion (outposts) in the region of the

Pocky Mountains. Joseph Smith, shortly before his tragic death,

predicted the coming of his people into these parts, and Brigham

Young, the Prophet's successor, made good the prediction. Jackson

county, Missouri, however, and not Salt Lake City, Utah, is the site

',of the future Zion of latterday Israel.

From the stakes of Zion approximately two thousand missionaries of both sexes are sent forth to bring women to annually—not

Utah, as is vulgarly supposed, but to acquaint the world with the true aims and purposes of the Latterday Saints. Most of these missionaries

are young people born and reared in "Mormon"homes, and the most careful combing of the earth would not bring together a cleaner and better lot of boys and girls. They pay their own expenses, and give

their services without material compensation to a cause dear to them all. They are expected to lead pure lives, to preach the gospel by

example as well as by precept, and give no reasonable cause for complaint to the people among whom they minister.

These missionaries, like the ancient apostles, are sent "into all the world,"to "preach the gospel to every creature,"and, contrary to false reports, they make no special effort for the conversion of women. If more women than men join the Church, it is! simply because women are more religious than men in general, as every student

of the subject knows. Our elders are under strict injunction to

baptize no married woman without the consent of her husband, nor any minor without permission from parents or guardians.

The greater part of the Church membership is in the stakes of

Zion, now numbering ninetyfour, and extending from Canada to

Mexico. The stakes are territorial divisions, subdivided into wards,

each stake and ward being so thoroughly organized as to constitute almost a church in itself. The general authorities, headed by the

First Presidency, are the bond of union for all. Outside the stakes,

there are upwards of twenty missions, comprising most of the countries of the globe. The Latterday Saints are loyal to any govern830 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ment under which they live. Among our Articles of Faith are the

following: "We claim the privilege of worshiping Almighty God according to the dictates of our own conscience, and allow all men the same privilege, let them worship how, where, or what they may.

"We believe in being subject to kings, presidents, rulers, and magistrals, in obeying, honoring and sustaining the law.

"We believe in being honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in doing good to all men. * * * If there is anything virtuous, lovely,

or of good report or praiseworthy, we seek after these things."

St. George Temple

This beautiful view of the St.

George Temple, taken April 23, 1926, shows a delightful, corner of the temple grounds. The picture

below shows the employees and ordinance workers: two from Panguitch, two from Kanab, two from

Beaver, two from Parowan, two from Moapa stake; the others are all

from St. George stake. On the

24th of April, 1926, two special sessions were held in the temple to accommodate an excursion from the

Parowan stake. During the two

sessions 276 endowment ordinances were performed, the largest number in any one day in the history of the temple. Elder George F. Whitehead is the president of the St.

George Temple.

wwwmm pa—iibw

\iffk1tL$ *?jl &fr<,JLJL vs ifti **/r -'v # -Tl ''

/ u 1 v * ""'mt EBHMW1H1U1*

.

THE "MORMON"PIONEERS By Herbert B. Maw

[This speech was given by invitation before the students of the Northwestern University. The author served as chaplain in the late war. He was

formerly superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. of Liberty stake; has been a

teacher in the L. D. S. University, and is now a, law student in the Northwestern University, Chicago. Much favorable comment about the "Mormons"has been heard at many student gatherings since the speech was given,

and it has helped to destroy many adverse impressions so often entertained by students concerning the Latterday Saints.—Editors.]

Dean Hardy: Ladies and Gentlemen:

If I were to provide a stage setting for this address which would be in harmony with prevailing ideas about the "Mormons,"I suppose

I should form a half circle of chairs behind me, and in chair number one, place wife number one, in chair number two, wife number two, and so on around the circle until all the chairs were filled, and then

I should ask the resit of my wives to crowd into the rear of the auditorium. (Laughter.)

But I want you to know that, when I tell you of the "Mormon"

Pioneers, I tell you of my people and the people of my friends.

1 religion which I believeWhen I tell you of their faith, I tell you of a in more sincerely than anything else in life. The story of these

people includes an account of a young woman who left Old England threequarters of a century ago, crossed the Atlantic, and walked for fifteen hundred miles across the uninhabited plains which lie between the Mississippi river and the Salt Lake Valley, to get to a place where she might worship God according to the dictates of her own conscience. She was my grandmother. Their history includes an account

of a Methodist minister, my grandfather, who heard the voice of this religion, and leaving jhis career as a minister, a legislator, jand orator behind him, joined the trains of fearless emigrants, which crept across the hot and solitary desert, to spend his declining years as a tiller of the soil, ever praising God for the faith and hope that had come into his life. Their story is one of small bands of

converts gathered together from every part of the civilized world, who gave up their homes, their wealth, and their friends to answer this call of religion; and who endured unceasing persecution because

of their beliefs. The story of the "Mormons"is a story) of the trail

breakers of the West, the subduers and colonizers of deserts; of men

and women who overcame the ravages of disease and famine; subdued

fierce and warlike Indians, endured cold and hunger, conquered a section of the earth that had never been disturbed by the hands of man 832 IMPROVEMENT ERA

land that Daniel Webster said, before the United States Senate,—a

was an abode of rattlesnakes and wild Indians and unfit for human habitation; and they made that land blossom as the rose.

Every American should be interested in the "Mormon"pioneer, because: 1. His story is one of America's greatest epics.

2. He is the most outstanding example of America's pioneers.

Yet how can you believe all this about these people in the face of what one hears about them? There are people within these

United States who honestly believe that the "Mormons"are wild, immoral, and ignorant. Only last Summer, as I was walking down

one of the main streets of Salt Lake City, a certain gentleman with his wife and daughter approached me and asked:

"Do you live in this city?""I do,"I answered.

"Will you tell me, then,"he asked seriously, "whether a man is perfectly safe on the streets of this city unarmed.""And why

not?"I inquired.

"Isn't one of these 'Mormons'likely to break out and pounce upon him?"Then I saw the humor of the situation and said,

seriously. "Do you mean to tell me that you are not carrying a

"revolver now? Don't you realize that you are talking to a 'Mormon'

at the present half of the people) on this street are 'Mortime—that

mons'?""You are joking,"he answered in confusion. "Why, you don't

look like a 'Mormon'."

"I don't?"I asked, "thenwhat do they look like?'

"Why, I have always understood that they have horns."

"We do,"I answered, "But we are like reindeers, we shed them once a year."(Great laughter.)

You laugh at that, yet isn't it true that you have entertained some ideas about these people which are almost as ridiculous? Have

you not heard, for instance, impossible tales about the polygamy of the "Mormons,"and believed them without ever giving a thought towards investigating the truth or falsity of them?"

Two or three weeks ago I read a speech that had been delivered in England a few years ago. The speaker told his audience that

Brigham Young had two hundred wives, and his listeners believed him. Imagine, if you can, a man with two hundred wives and living

(laughter). Now I do not know how many wives Brigham Young

had. I have never inquired. But I do know a few pertinent facts.

I know that he took care of all of them. I know that he.reared,

educated his children, and taught them a reverence for God. I do

know that his descendants today are presidents and cashiers of banks, professors in universities, lawyers, physicians, heads of prosperous busiTHE "MORMON"PIONEERS 833

nesses, preachers of the gospel of Jesus Christ, that they are among the highest types of American citizens; and that they honor their great

progenitor.

I know that he, as well as the other one or two per cent of men in the Church who entered into the vows of plural marriage, were prompted by the highest and most noble motives, and that many of them gave up the luxuries of life to provide for large families.

1 know that the women who were willing to share their husbands with others were far more unselfish and noble than most women of today.

I ask you, as you listen to the unfolding of the story of their activities that you look upon these people as normal human beings, v/ho put their worship of God ahead of money, and everything else in life; and who were willing to suffer anything or everything for

their religion.

I shall first tell you something about the Church, then relate the account of their achievements.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, commonly called the "Mormon"Church, was organized April 6, 1830, in

New York state. There was then a membership of six souls. Since

that time it has grown until today there are more than five hundred thousand members. From its organization until the present time it

and its people have been objects of endless persecutions. Why?

I don't know. If you can explain why the Biblical prophets were

persecuted even while they ministered to their people, why the early

Christians were hunted and murdered, why the Christ himself was hated and crucified, you can perhaps explain the "Mormon"persecution. Suffice it to say that they have always been colorful targets;

and that they have borne it all with the same brand of courage that, has been characteristic of all people who have been endowed with the

Church of Jesus Christ.

People have often wondered what power could produce such loyalty, and what motivating forces could cause, for instance, thousands of officers in the Church to minister to the sick, conduct religious services, and spend many hours each week in performing their religious duties, without remuneration. They wonder, moreover, why more than one thousand men in the Church, voluntarily

leave their homes and give up their schooling, businesses and professions every year to serve as missionaries in every part of the civilized abuses, having doors shut in their faces, world,—suffering

being sneered at because they are they not only "Mormons"—when

receive no pay for their services, but bear every cent of their own expense from the time they leave their homes until they are released, two or three years later. What power could make a people so

earnest in their convictions that they would willingly sacrifice every834 IMPROVEMENT ERA

thing on earth for it? The answer is simple. It is because we believe

that God has spoken from the heavensi in these latter days and restored the gospel, in all of its simplicity and beauty, that was preached in Jiidea. We believe that during the early Christian Era

the priesthood of God was taken from the earth and that it has been restored again, having been conferred upon our prophet, Joseph

Smith, by divine beings; and that through that priesthood God

reveals his will to his Church today as he did to his Church in ancient days. "We believe that he will yet reveal many great and

important things pertaining to the kingdom of God,"is an article of our faith. Every "Mormon"accepts the fact, without question,

that Christ lived and that he is the Son of God and that Joseph Smith was a prophet of God, endowed with power to open up the last dispensation. So firmly have they always believed it, that whenever

it has become necessary to choose between comfortable homes and their testimony of the divinity of their Church, they have clung to, the latter and become outcasts, and objects of persecution. When their

enemies have demanded denouncement of their religion, they have borne their testimonies to the truth of it and in return have been driven from city to city and state to state, robbed, beaten, abused, and many murdered. They have seen their homes plundered, their crops

destroyed, their women wronged, and their men whipped by fiendish mobs. They have suffered it all with a prayer in their hearts that

they might endure faithfully to the end. Even wh3n their prophet

was taken by painted men who posed as Indians and negroes and was shot to death in Carthage, Illinois, sealing with his life's blood his testimony of the divinity of his mission, they did not falter.

I have two children whom I love with all my heart. If I can

plant in their souls a spark of the courage of their grandparents, and rear them with the faith in God, and the love for fellow men that their pioneer fathers had, I shall want no more. My efforts shall

have been rewarded.

Let us now go back to the year 1846, in the city of Nauvoo,

Illinois, located on the banks of the Mississippi river. It was, at that

time, the largest city in Illinois, having been built by the "Mormons"on filledin swamp lands.

Persecution, which had driven the Saints from New York to

Ohio, then to Mississippi, now broke in upon them in all its fury, until, in the year 1846, it became clear that they must move again.

So brutal was this opposition, that men, women, and little children were forced to leave their homes and all they possessed, except what could be placed in wagons, in the middle of the Winter, and to cross on the ice of the Mississippi in subzero weather. One of their

women wrote in her diary, "We are now fixing to leave our homes and all we have except what two wagons will hold. Our place of

destination we know not."Another said, "We are leaving our homes

THE "MORMON"PIONEERS 83 5

to cross the frozen river. We must not look back; but placing our

faith in God, we must leave our destiny in his hands."That was the spirit of the movement—"placing our faith in

God; we must leave our destiny in his hands."It was that spirit

which enabled nine mothers to bring into the world nine little babies in a single night on Sugar Creek on the Iowa side of the icecovered river, without shelter to protect them from the cutting blasts of wintry blizzards. Though they left a trail of blood, from cut and bruised

feet, behind them, it was that spirit that pushed them on through the storms of snow and wind and rain. It wasi their trust in their

heavenly Father which enabled them to smile on their sufferings from poverty, sickness, and death and to cling hopefully to their religion.

Where most people would have faltered, this spirit impelled them on. Where others would have sunk in despair they gathered around

their camp fires, making the wintry nightsi ring with such songs as "We thank thee, O God, for a prophet,"[L. D. S. Hymn Book.

p. 166. The speaker read the whole hymn.]

Such was the beginning of their westward migration. I shall

not tell you of the suffering of these people. How they waded through

the muds of Iowa and built a town they called Winter Quarters an outpost and supply station for those who were to follow; how

they, who were used to beautiful and comfortable homes, now lived in tents, huts, and dugouts; how a plague broke out among them,

killing many before Winter passed; how little children, women and

men all suffered for want of food and from exposure. All of this

is too distressing to talk about, so let us pass to April 7, 1847, when the first train left Winter Quarters to break the trail to the mountains.

The "Mormons"were the first homeseekers to go into the

West. A few trappers, and missionaries and explorers had preceded

them; but they were the first colonizers. There were no roads to

follow, no bridges over* streams. They must blaze the trail and ford

the rivers. There were no laws nor government authority to tame

the fierce savages. They must cope with them as best they could.

So putting their fate in the hands of Providence, they followed their prophet leader, Brigham Young, and set their facesawestward.

The first company was made up of one hundred and fortythree people. With their oxendrawn wagons, the movement was of

necessity slow. Sometimes accidents, storms, or topographic conditions limited their progress to a mile ot two in a day. Then when

conditions were favorable they covered twenty or twentyfive miles a day. Perfect order was maintained throughout the march. They

were divided into companies, each having its captain. All followed

instructions. They arose at five a. m. and attended prayers. Then

they fed their stock, ate breakfast, and made ready to move by seven o'clock. The wagons traveled single file, each teamster walking beside

his team, carrying a loaded gun. In case of an attack from Indians,

836 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the wagons traveled in double file. Camp9 were made at night by

placing the wagons in a circle with their tongues to the outside.

Horses and stock were tied inside the circle. At 8:30 p. m. all went

to their wagons, enjoyed family prayers, and retired by nine o'clock.

On Sunday they rested, spending the day in worship. So day after

day they moved farther and farther into the wilderness.

As one poet has written, 'We came to deep rivers—Yet over the plains

They wouldn't turn back. Moved our pillar of flame;

We met the Philistine 'Twas Prophet Joseph SmithGod let them attack. His flesh they might slay,

We suffered famine But his spirit blazed

But no manna came; Our wilderness way."

They crossed the plains of Nebraska, climbed to the high plateau of Wyoming, and moved through the suntortured sage brush and salt grass of that state to the edge of the mountains. There, they

came upon the fort of Jim Bridger, the great western trapper. He told

them what he knew of the country ahead. He referred to the Salt

Lake Valley as a land of great desolation, and devoid of vegetation.

He said that the Indians around the lake were poverty stricken and bad, living on grass hoppers and grass, and is said to have stated that he would pay one thousand dollars for the first ear of corn that could be raised in the Salt Lake Valley.

Yet this did not hinder them. They knew that their God was

directing them; and so, putting their faith in him, they moved on

through the then barren Echo canyon, down the beautiful Emigration canyon until, on the 24th of July, 1847, the company halted at tfte edge of the valley and looked over the landscape. Then it was

when Brigham Young, sick from mountain fever, arose from his bed, surveyed with his eyes the valley and uttered the memorable words "This is the place."This was the place where there would be no

more warfare, no more abuses, no more woes. Here they could

build their Zion and find peace. Yet, as they, gazed at the desolate

scene befojf them, their hearts sank. One of the women writes

that she wept as she looked. The hills'to the north were burned to

a yellow. Not a single tree except one lone cedar greeted their gaze.

Except for a few willows along the banks of the canyon streams, everything was barren and uninviting. It was truly a land of desolation. But their leader, whom they recognized as a prophet of God,

had said, "This is the place,"so they moved on into the valley, and before the gorgeous color of sunset had faded out of the great Salt Lake, their plows were in the soil and the gigantic process of western colonization had begun.

From that date on for years to follow thousands of emigrants moved across those plains, and settled in the valleys of the* mountains.

1 'PIONEERS 83 7 THE "MORMON

For years their trains consisted of oxendrawn every wagons—and

pioneer endured similar hardships and privations. Then the day

came when hundreds of "Mormons"found themselves in Winter

Quarters, Iowa, without enough money to buy wagons and oxen and horses; so, rather than give up their hope of reaching Zion,

they and others built twowheeled carts, put all their earthly belongings in them and pushed them across the plains. Men, women and

children joined these faltering, ever sacrificing until processions—never

they finally reached the valley, singing as they went:

"Some must push and some must pull,

As we go marching up the hill;

As merrily on the way we go Until we reach the valley, O."

All of the tales of hardships which accompanied these journeys will never be told. The unhappiness which came to thosie who must

bury their loved ones on the plains; the hours of fear of Indian attacks,

the tortures from the heat, and sufferings from cold; the long, tedious

tramps, the heavy hearts and bruised feet of those courageous pilgrims would fill hundreds of volumes. Yet, they endured it all to reach the

West.

I remember, on one occasion, listening to an aged member of one of these hand cart companies relate the story of her hardships on the plains. She told how she suffered; how her shoes wore out and she

was forced to go barefooted; how the sands burned her feet, the

thorns pierced them, the stones bruised them; how she wrapped them

in sacks and to get relief; how tired and homesick skins—anything

she would get, and how the Indians terrified her. When she had

finished, I asked her: 'Was it all worth while?"

I shall never forget her answer. She rose to her feet and was

exalting in her bearing as she said: 'Worth while? I would go

through it all again, for my religion."And as she spoke she wept;

but why shouldn't she weep? Somewhere on those plains she had

buried her babe.

Hers is the story of thousands of others who overcame resistance to reach their objective. And she was but one of all who took the

journey, who at night, when hearts were heavy and bodies weary, would gather around their camp fires and stir up their spirits with their song of hope:

Come, come, ye Saints, no toil nor labor fear,

But with joy wend your way;

Though hard to you this journey may appear,

Grace shall be as your day.

'Tis better far for us to strive

Our useless cares from us to drive.

Do this, and joy your hearts will swell

All is well, all is well!

838 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Why should we mourn, or think our lot is hard?

'Tis not so; all is right!

Why should we think to earn a great reward

If we now shun the fight.

Gird up your loins, fresh courage take,

Our God will never us forsake;

And soon we'll have this tale to tell.

All is well, all is well!

We'll find the place which God for us prepared

Far away in the West;

Where none shall come to hurt or make afraid;

There the Saints will be blest.

We'll make the air with music ring.

Shout praises to our God and King;

Above the rest these words we'll tell

All is well, all is well!

And should we die before our journey's through,

Happy day! all is well!

We then are free from toil and sorrow, too;

With the just we shall dwell.

But if our lives are spared again

To see the Saints, their rest obtain,

Oh, how we'll make this chorus swell

All is well, all is well!

It is my contention that the "Mormon"pioneer is the greatest example of the American pioneer, because throughout all of his history he remained loyal to the government of the United States.

While they were quartered in their hovels at Winter Quarters, a recruiting officer of the government rode into their camp and stated that the United States was in war with Mexico and called for volunteers. Brigham Young asked him how many he wanted. He

answered, "five hundred men,"a very large number to ask of people in their circumstances. Now mark you; less than a year before

Brigham Young had appealed to the governor of Illinois for help to save their homes, but instead they were driven from them. Not

many years had passed since their leader had petitioned the government of the United States for protection only to receive the answer, "Gentlemen, your cause is just, but we can do nothing for you."Yet

when a representative of that government called on the "Mormons"for help, Brigham Young answered, "We may not have five hundred men who can go, but if there are not enough men, our women will fight."And so five hundred young men joined the army and

marched to war, while their wives and mothers crossed the plains.

The pioneers reached their destination on Saturday, July 24, 1847. On Sunday they worshipped God, and on Monday morning,

July 26, in the then Mexican territory, they planted the Stars and

Stripes. And that flag has waved over that valley ever since.

The first telegraphic message which passed from Salt Lake

City east, after the wires were strung, was sent by Brigham Young to Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States. It stated that

the "Mormons"had not secedec].

THE "MORMON"PIONEERS 83 9

I say that the "Mormons"are America's greatest pioneers, because they went West to make homes and not to seeK wealth. Like

their pilgrim forefathers, they entered a wilderness, overcame the elements, and founded a state. On the day they arrived they commenced to build homes and they have never stopped building them.

On the same day they began tilling the soil and have been tilling it ever since. By their efforts they have changed that forbidding desert

into one of the most productive districts in the land.

I say that they are the greatest pioneers of oun country, because they at all times maintained their faith in God. They went West to

find a place where they could worship as they wanted, and their religious convictions were the motivating forces that impelled them on. They sacrificed much for their beliefs. When they arrived in

the valley they built places of worship. Though they had no nails,

they constructed the great "Mormon"tabernacle, binding the rafters together with cowhide and wooden pegs. Their labors resulted in

one of the; largest unsupported arched roofs in the world. For forty

years they labored to build a temple to their God. For forty years

they brought stones out of the mountains and slowly raised an edifice which is a credit to their name, and wherein they can perform the sacred ordinances of the Church, for the living and for the dead.'

Most of what they did was with the view of advancing the work of God upon the earth.

And God did not forget them in their trials. Thousands of

testimonies have been spoken of his blessings. Many instances of

his goodness could be related. I shall close by telling just one of them.

Because of the lateness of their arrival in the valley, in 1847, they were able to raise only enough wheat for seed for the next season.

In the Spring of 1848, they planted their fields and watched their crops grow until their wheat stood six or eight inches high. One

day when their hopes were highest, they saw black crickets come and blacker and larger until, to theirfrom the hills in droves—closer

distress, they saw millions of them ready to destroy their crops. They

fought the pest with all their strength to no avail. Their lives

depended upon their crops. They must have a harvest. Many of

them were living on sego roots and wild plants until their crops should must have help. Then it was that they fasted mature—they

and prayed for help. They told the Lord of their suffering, how

they had given up all that was dear to them, how they were willing to sacrifice more for his cause, but now they were praying for their were calling on him for food. They had hardly finishedlivcs—they

their prayers when, looking to the west, they saw a cloud forming and coming) toward them. To their joy thousands of sea gulls settled

down on the crickets and devoured them, and flew to the streams and lake and disgorged them only to fly back for more. Before that

evening came, the pest was destroyed and the crops saved. God had

840 IMPROVEMENT ERA

answered their prayers with a miracle. It was a marvelous manifestation and relief.

On the temple square in Salt Lake City, a monument has been raised to the sea gull, and on that monument is written the story of their service to the pioneers.

This and other miracles quite as wonderful, just as convincing, strengthened their faith and they went on praising the Lord as they had done before, and as their children and children's children have continued to do ever since, with word of mouth, and. with songs of

the heart.

Chicago, III.

The Wagon Train

The train moves on from day to day,

Unharmed pursues its destined way.

The Scout is there strict watch to keep,

As one who never seems to sleep.

Fair Elsie journeyed with the train

And daily rode upon the plain.

I cannot tell how cupid's dart,

Had pierced this gentle maiden's heart,

Save that her youth's untaught romance

Was kindled by his eagle glance.

The look of/ sadness that he wore

Endeared him to her heart the more.

Sweet love a native language speaks

In conscious look and blushing cheeks,

And what she thought by art concealed,

Was by her artlessness revealed.

When by her horse he drew his rein,

They rode together o'er the plain.

He told her many thrilling tales

Of buffalo hunt and Indian trails,

Of hunters lost amidst the wood,

Of prairie fires, of storm and flood,

Of Indian bride in battle won,

Of daring deed by Red man done,

And marked with thrill, all new and strange,

Her red cheek's glowing color change.

'Twas thus, as o'er the plain they ride,

The border hero wooed a bride.

No other love his life had known,

His soul as virgin as her own.

THE WAGON TRAIN 841

How sweet those days when side by side,

In the face of all their world they ride.

No senseless forms, no vain pretense

Obscures their joy in shadows dense.

And innocence has dignity, More than a crowned king's majesty.

His love in words not shy nor bold

The Scout in fitting hour told.

(When did pure love e'er woe in vain?)

Too true to give a lover pain By torturing arts of vain coquet, (So oft the prelude to regret,)

With modest grace her love confessed,

Was clasped in rapture to his breast.

They look into each other's eyes

And earth becomes a paradise.

Their lips meet in the lover's kiss

And they have tasted heaven's bliss.

They nothing lack their love to bless,

Earth thrilled with Eden happiness,

And when true love's in virtue given,

The human heart still turns to heaven.

Faith rests a crown upon the brows,

God is the priest that binds their vows.

Not shining robes of bridal white,

Not written vows, nor legal rite,

Not interests vast, nor gold bought hands,

Not kingly blood, nor princely lands,

Not weighty laws applied with care,

Until God puts his sanction there.

Can e'er unite a destiny In holy truth and constancy.

Yet all these forms may interpose

Guards between Honor and her foes.

So tear not down with my consent

Frail bars which guard the innocent;

Hedge well the throne where Honor sits,

Love has so many counterfeits;

And loftiest truth itself might be

The mask for deepest villainy.

But Oh, that spot in life is sweet,

Where youth and love and duty meet!

Ellen L. Jakeman.

INDIAN JOE By Ellen L. Jakeman

The strange energy that prompted Latterday Saints to leave home and native lands, cross the untracked plains to form a new 1 empire in the West, drove them to extend in every direction.

Groups built towns, school houses, filled them; churches—and

fenced the landscape and farmed it, as communities 1. In two's and

three's they built gristmills, saw mills, and took up ranches and individual farms.

Spread out! Spread out! "Give us room that we may dwell,"

lurked in every movement; and all was onward with a rush.

Sometimes they sensed the mighty structure for which they were laying the foundation, but for the most part they were diverted and engrossed by the joys, sorrows and labors of the day in which they lived, "even as you and I."

The floodtide of that living stream of energy carried the pioneers beyond the barriers of safety, and often of succor. The Indians,

always abused, robbed and sometimes murdered by those who came before, looked upon all white men as enemies, and grew resentful of their swift appropriation of trees for their saws, and streams of water and deer pastures for their farms. It is not to be'wondered

at, nor held against them, that there were some tragedies enacted, on our frontiers in early days.

Robert Stewart found a letter in his mail box one evening that had been there at least two days, the contents of which disturbed him very much.

His mail box was a wooden starch box skilfully affixed to a stump; and long before free rural delivery had been established he

and the obliging mail carrier enroute on horse back to the next town, had arranged between them for Mr. Stewart's mail to be placed in

this box at the extreme western end of the farm, near the highway.

1 was ill and in town tc The letter told him that his wife, who see a doctor, was worse, and would he come at once?

Blsming himself severely for not visiting the box oftener, Mr.

Stewart hurried to the house, tossed the letter to his/ sixteenyear-old daughter and called his son who was some two years younger to help him, making all possible speed in getting ready to drive the eight miles to town.

"Dare you two youngsters stay alone?"their father asked, with

a little wrinkle of anxiety for them, adding itself to the worry and selfreproach he felt on his wife's account.

"We certainly dare!"said John. "I can take care of the stock

INDIAN JOE 843

as well as you can, and sister, too, if she's! afraid, but I don't think

she is.""Of course, I'm not afraid! There is nothing to be afraid of.

When the stock is properly shut up nothing can get at them, and we will lock and bar the doors, and what could harm us?"

"Well, several things could, so I want you to do just as I tell you, and listen carefully. John, you feed anl water the stock for

night as soon ias I am gone, so as to get it done well'before dark.

Shut all the animals up in their proper pens tonight, and as the horses will be gone, you'd better put the Jersey bull up in the stable.

Remember the steel trap set outside the stable wall, and don't get into it yourself. Mary, you'd better do the milking, and see that

plenty of water is in the house, and all the cut wood, so there will be nothing to open the door for, when it is once shut and barred, 'till tomorrow morning,"said Mr. Stewart, while making his preparations

almost on the run.

"Now, I want to tell both of you: don't open the door at night

for anyone unless it Us a stock man that you know. Should any

stranger ask for shelter, which is not at all likely, send him to the cellar that we lived in the first year we were here; he will be fairly

comfortable. Now don't forget anything, and if all is well I will

be back with mother by noon tomorrow and have dinner with you,"and with a hurried glance drove off. A hundred yards away he

stopped and bade the children call the dog back and tie him up till the horses were out of sight, for he wanted to follow them and the beloved master, of course.

"Shut him up in the house with you,"was the father's parting injunction, and he was gone.

There was a queer, lonely feeling as soon as father and the team disappeared over the rim of the valley, but neither Mary nor John would have owned to such a feeling. They went briskly to work to

get the evening chores done, and were soon snugly shut into the house with window shutters hooked and doors locked and barred.

Mary prepared rather an extra supper, and they enjoyed the thrill cf being alone and looking out for themselves. Mary planned what

she would cook for dinner next day, hoping mother would be home with them to help eat it. They were very much awake, so John

got out a book they were reading together, and by the light of a "fat"pinefire and a tallow dip he read aloud, while Mary made nimble fingers fly, knitting socks, for which she herself had spun the yarn.

It was late Autumn and there had been a very heavy fall of snow in the upper mountain ranges, comparatively little in the lower foot hills, and only a skiff during the past week at the ranch; but

night came early and the nights were crisp and cold.

About nine o'clock, in the midst of a particularly thrilling passage 844 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in the book, they heard the even beat of a horse's hoofs, and both tensed to listen.

"Indian pony,"whispered John, "no shoes."

The dog, Bruno, who had been sleeping quietly, rose silently with neck hair bristling and came over and stood expectantly by the door.

Indian depredations were considered a thing of the past, and yet the two children thrilled with something like fear as they heard the hoof beats slow up, and then cease. For five of the longest minutes

they had ever known there was silence; then a rain of heavy blows fell

with startling clatter on the door.

The dog barked furiously, but the young folks said (never a word, just clung to each other's hands and stared into each other's faces.

Then a voice, unmistakably Indian, but speaking English, said:

"Open door. Me hungry. Want to warm by fire,"and turning

the knob, the Indian tried by lunging against the door to force it open. But lock, hinges and bars held, and would hold for a much

greater assult than that.

Mary had somehow recovered herself by this time, and spoke as calmly as she could: "No; we can't open the door for you, but

you will find something you can eat in the cellar out there, and there is a small stove, you can build a fire and sleep down there."

The Indian laughed. That classified him as raised by white

people, for the Indian grunts, rather than laughs when pleased.

"I see your old man go town. You pretty quick better open

door, or I shoot you!"

Mary grabbed her brother and they flattened themselves against a wall out of range of the door just as a bullet, aimed where he heard the voice denying him, came through the upper panel and buried itself in the adobe wall opposite.

Knowing that Indians usually carried muzzle loading guns, and feeling that it was time he asserted himself, John dashed to the deer horns over the fire place and got his father's gun, and balancing it across a chair, sent a bullet through the door himself. Mary had

dragged to shelter the unwilling Bruno, who wasbarking savagely and though borderbred they listened aghast to the profanity the shot from the house elicited from the surprised Indian.

"Pretty quick, I kill you for that,"and they heard his taking his spite and easing his temper on his horse vigorously, and as the noise receded from the house the children hoped with almost breathless intensity that he was going.

But no! He was only leading his horse out of range of another

bullet which the besieged children might decide to let fly.

Indians raised by white people were generally spoken of as "tame"

Indians. But if they reverted to the wild again were more to be

INDIAN JOE 845

dreaded than the most ferocious of all Indians-. Of necessity they

learned much it was not well for an enemy to know.

"We need not be too much afraid of him,"whispered John, who was helping Mary keep the dog against the wall, "he is alone."

But Mary was unconvinced. "If it's that Smith Indian

Joe, he's bad. You know father said he shot all the Smith pigs

and cows full of arrows and took the family's horses when he decided to go back to his own people, and the Smiths had always been very good to him. If it's he, he will stop at nothing. There! He's

coming back again!"

The Indian now flattened himself against the wall by the door, and with the butt of his whip, beat a tatto on the panels for half an hour. Getting no reply, he said: "I goin'get brush. Burn

house. Then kill an'scalp,"and he laughed in gloating anticipation.

He certainly was enjoying himself scaring two white children, and was perfectly capable of carrying out his threat.

There is something in the thought of death by fire to appall the strongest heart. The children were dumb with horror. They heard

him cross the yard, go out at the gate, and was silent. then,—all

All the cut wood had been brought into the house, and only a few heavy logs that would require sawing remained of the home supply, so the Indian, the children knew, would have to go some little distance for material to carry out his threat.

The dog seemed to sense a new trouble, for he barked and snarled and begged to be let out.

At this juncture they heard the fine, imported Jersey bull, which their father was so proud of, snorting and bellowing, and thrashing around like mad.

"Oh, Mary!"John exlaimed in consternation. "I forgot to

shut Jersey in the stable as father told me, and that devil is killing him.

What wilt father think of me?"and John sank to the floor, in abject

misery. "I guess father won't say much about the bull, if he finds us two alive,"Mary whispered back, as another roar of battle came from the stockade, followed by sundry sounds that proclaimed that the

Jersey was defending himself vigorously from some enemy.

"That isn't the Indian,"said John wisely. "Any Indian,

and more especially one raised by the whites, would know better than to get into a pen with a Jersey bull,"and they were puzzled.

For some minutes the battle raged; then, save for an occasional

deeptoned, menacing roar from the bull, quiet was restored to the stock yards and animal enclosures; for, of course, all the farm animals

had added their special vocal outcry to the din of battle.

While the children listened with strained nerves for the Indian to return with his fuel, they heard a stealthy step. At first they

thought it was Mr. Indian sneaking up to surprise them, but a few

846 IMPROVEMENT ERA

moments made it plain that the steps were on the roof! What new

danger menaced them they could not conjecture, for at that moment the Indian returned and threw an arm load of combustible material noisily down in the yard, swearing vilely.

"You open door now, or me burn?"he inquired, but neither

Mary nor John answered him.

"He must have other Indians with him,"whispered Mary to her brother, who was holding the dog and leaning a listening ear toward the footsteps on the roof.

"No,"said John, whispering. "The Indian don't even know

it's there. Look at Bruno, and listen to him. He didn't talk the

same language to the Indian when he wanted to go out and fight him. This is the way he "talks when there are wolves about. He

don't bark, -just growls and shows his teeth."

"But wolves would not be on top of the house!"

"No,"said John, still whispering, "but I think whatever was fighting the Jersey is now on the roof. Father set a steel trap for

some animal that had been prowling 'round the place and left its tracks in the light fall of snow that came last week, and I remember he said it had been on top of the shed, and it could easily get from there into the stockade. From the way Jersey is still muttering to

himself and challenging the whole world to mortal combat, I guess the thing was pretty glad.to get out alive, whatever it was."

The Indian really did not want to burn the house, he wanted to rob it; so, just for luck, and to prolong the torture of the children

he intended to kill, he fired another shot through the door. Of

course, he did not hit anybody,, as the children had not moved from safety against the wall. While their tormentor was in leisurely fashion

ramming home a wad, preparatory to loading his gun, something happened.

A scratching on the roof, a soft, firm impact, and a bloodcurd- ling screech from the Indian, and then pandemonium broke loose.

Everything in the yard that was movable seemed to be performing a satanic dance. Empty buckets, tin milkpans, boxes, a churn and the

faggots which the Indian had brought to burn the house, all joined in a wild melee; and through it all were the unmistakable sounds of

human agony and animal ferocity.

The startled children, too weak to stand, slipped to the floor and sat with their backs against the wall, John's face buried in his sister's lap; and the dog, tearing himself loose from the limp hands that

sought to restrain him, simply went mad with savage excitement and desire to join the fight.

It was only a few minutes till quiet gradually settled down again save for a few feeble whines.

This fight had started the voices of the animals again, but that also quieted down after a bit, and the young ranchers, still not daring

INDIAN JOE 847

to move from the wall, allowed themselves the luxury of breathing freely again, and to speculate in whispers as to what had probably happened. The dog reluctantly gave up his demands to be let out,

and lay with his nose pointed toward the door, keenly alert.

"I think something has happened to that Indian,"whispered

Mary. "I do hope so,"her brother replied, "and oh, Mary! don't

ever tell anyone that I hid my face in your lap when the worst of the fight was going on, will you?"

"Shucks!"said Mary, "that's nothing. I'm lots the older, and,

anyhow, I know you are lots the braver if it came to a real fight for us"right here in the house!"And, soothed and assured, John walked

deliberately over to the fireplace, past the dangerous door and put another log of wood on the fire.

The scream of a horse in mortal agony and crazed with fear rent the stillness of the night! John hopped to the protection of

the wall instinctively, and Mary, with all her border training, could not suppress a shuddering cry of fright, and the wrenching sobjs that followed it.

Now it was John's turn to be comforter. He took his sister in

his arms and said: "There, there, Mary; that was only a horse.

The Indian's horse I think. Something has killed it. I don't blame

you for crying after all we've been through tonight, and it is a heartbreaking sound; especially to those who love horses as we do. Don't

cry. I think something has happened to Mr. Indian and his horse,

too.; We must look out that it don't get us or the dog, or father

and mother when they come. Brace up now! I feel that the worst

is over."i;

Silence once more settled down through a moonless night, saved from utter darkness by the brilliancy of the stars. With wooden

shutters closely drawn and hooked over the windows and the doors closed, only a faint glimmer of the starlight came in through the high and narrow transoms. The brother and sister conversed in

whispers, ears strained for a renewal of the night's dire happenings.

Suddenly John rose to his feet and said: "I hear another horse

coming!""But father will not come on horseback!"

"It's only eleven o'clock, not near time for father to start for home, and besides, the horse is coming from the other way!"

Both listened intently for some minutes when John remarked:

"Whoever is coming, is coming slow, and the horse is shod."

The latter fact gave the frightened children some small room for hope. At a respectful distance, which was border etiquette, the horse

stopped and a voice, unmistakably American, hailed the house.

"Hallo, house! Hallo, Mr. Stewart!"

John climbed on a table and answered through the transom.

848 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Who are you and what do you want?"John asked, trying to

make his quavering young voice sound bold and grown up.

Is that you, John? I am Tracy. I guess you remember me?

I have been at your house before. Where is your father?"

"Oh, Mr. Tracy, he's gone to town, and sister and I are here

alone, and we are so glad you have come! Don't go to the, front

door, there is something fearful out there, we don't know what, and at the barn, too. Lead your horse into the summer kitchen, and I

v/ill get him some oats."

"All right, John,"said Tracy, dismounting and approaching cautiously, his pistol in his hand, prepared for eventualities. But the

horse was led into the shelter, and the outside door fastened again without incident.

Mary replenished the fire, and left to John the honor of telling

Mr. Tracy of the evening's doings.

"Well, it seems that I would have been here just about in time to stop that Indian myself, if my horse had not gone lame,"Mr. Tracy

remarked. "But I think you've acted wisely so far. Now, it's my

opinion that the fight in the yard was between the Indian and a mountain lion, and it's my duty to find out and to give what help

I can if the fellow is still alive. Tracy began to undo, the fastenings

of the substantial door. "Go into the other room and shut yourselves

in,"he told the young folks, "for we don't know what horror or hazard might lie on the other side of the door, and } think you've had about enough excitement for one night."

Mary picked up the lighted lantern and did as directed; but John

seized his gun and advanced resolutely to the side of their; guest, his

soul suddenly lifted above personal fear by the example of bravery and humanity so clearly set; before him.

Tracy looked the boy over for a moment, then shook hands with him as with a friend and comrade. Stepping to the fireplace,

he seized a blazing brand, and whirling it swiftly 'round his head to make the flames bite more fiercely into the wood, threw open the door and flung it into the yard, where it served as a search light and revealed the actors in the recent catastrophy.

An Indian and a mountain lion lay on the ground, the Indian almost on his face, his right hand grasping the sinewwrapped hilt of a hunting knife, the broad blade of which was buried into the body of the lion. But that was not its only wound. The muscular body

was red with crimson smears where the Indian had driven the keen blade in, again and again, in his desperate fight for life.

"Both dead,"said John with regret, as Mr. Tracy turned the

Indian over; his rigid features appeared the only part of his person

that the lion had not marked with teeth and claws. His scanty

clothing hung in shreds.

Experience in the army had taught Tracy how to detect a lingerINDIAN JOE 849

ing spark of life in the wounded. "The Indian is still alive, John,"

he replied. "Let's take him into the house and see what we can do

for him.""Right in here,"said Mary, dragging an oldfashioned couch in front of the fire; for she had not been able to remain in the place of

safety assigned her. "I'm so glad he's not dead. What can I do to

help?""Roll bandages, if you know how, Miss Mary,"answered Tracy, "and you'd better do it in the next room. And, John, you get me

a pan of warm water, some salt and a large, clean, soft cloth. There

is great danger of blood poisoning from the bites and scratches of wild animals and salt is a severe but very effectual antiseptic."

Tracy cut away the rags of clothing and burned them. The

wounds were cleansed; stitches, by means of common sewing needle

and white silk thread, were put in some of the lacerations, and bandages applied where they were required. He regained consciousness

long before his impromptu doctors had finished their work, but he said nothing, uttered no groan or protest, only watched them with inscrutable eyes and impassive face.

Mary found an old shirt of her father's which Tracy slipped onto his patient, and when he had drunk a bowl of milk, John spread a quilt over him, and Tracy said: "Sleep, now, Joe,"for he had

recognized the Indian as a sullen, cunning brute who had given the white settlers a great deal of trouble.

Tracy persuaded the young folks to go to bed, while he kept watch over his patient in the double capacity of nurse and guard till morning. As he sat in front of the fire and watched the Indian sleep

in spite of his wounds, he began to wonder about the other party to this fight in which Joe had almost paid the final debt. "Why had

not the male lion come to the assistance of his mate when she'was getting the worst of it?"he mused.

At the earliest peep of day, Tracy noiselessly unbarred the door, and, pistol in hand, stepped out into the crisp morning air. The

dog went with him, and together they cautiously looked about. First,

they visited the corral. The Jersey was battlescarred with torn hide;

but horns red with blood, showing that the honors had not all been on one side.

"So, old fellow, you had a fight, too, and won out?"said Tracy

aopreciatingly. Man and dog then passed around the corner of the

barn. A dead horse lay on the ground, still saddled and bridled; and

within a yard of his victim a strong steel trap held fast the fore paws of a male mountain lion. The creature still showed fight, but a

pistol ball at close range ended his part in the night's tragedy.

"So you're the fellow who fought the Jersey,"said Tracy, noting his huge frame, "and getting the worst of it, you proceeded to kill that poor old 'Injin'pony that was tied up, and got yourself into 850 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a trap. Well, Joe was certainly out of luck last night,"he continued

to muse, "and if he really meant to do those children harm, his punishment was swift and severe. And, thinking on the infinite

variety of events that are used in the working out of God's plans and providence, he returned to the house.

When the Stewarts returned they were surprised to find the best room in the house converted into a temporary hospital, and Mr.

Stewart's affairs in charge of a trusted friend. Mr. Tracy recounted

the happenings of the night of his arrival, and told them they had children of which to be proud. He accepted Mr. Stewart's thanks

with calm indifference and went his way. The patient got well so

fast that it was almost impossible to believe he had ever been so seriously wounded.

Humane and wise, Mr. Stewart decided to do what he could to

finish the work Tracy had begun in winning the friendship of this

Indian for the white settlers. The skins had been taken from the

lions and tacked on the side of the granary to dry. Saddle and

bridle were stripped from the dead horse, but the carcass was allowed tc remain where the horse fell till Joe was able to see it forhimself.

When he looked at the dead horse, the trap, the Jersey, and the two hon hides, he needed no spoken word to complete the story.

When Indian Joe announced that he was going, Mr. Stewart

conducted him to the corral, led out a strong, serviceable range pony, and proceeded to put the Indian's saddle and accouterments on the animal. Indian Joe stood by in silence. John brought the lion

skins, and Mary handed him his hunting knife. Mr. Stewart held up

the skin pierced with the knife thrusts, and said: "My. red brother

is a brave chief and shall not walk back to his people."

Joe seemed overcome with strong and unaccustomed emotions such feelings as his education, and th2t of his ancestors for a thousand years had taught his heart to suppress, and his features to conceal, as weak and contemptible. He looked at Mr. Stewart and the two children, and then off across the bleak hills and mild, desolate canyons,

where the remnant of his people dwelt. He stroked the glossy neck

of the pony, gently took the lion hides from his host and tied them (o his pack, accepted the tendered knife, and swung himself into his without speaking.saddle—still

Poor Indian Joe was fighting another battle between all there was in him and these newly planted feelings. "When a soul rms for

battle, it goes out alone,"as Owen Meredith so aptly puts it, and th?

group were silent and motionless, as Indian etiquette would demand, until Joe suddenly bent and swayed toward them, and with a gesture graceful and friendly, solemnly said: "Me came to do bad; me get

good. Indian's blood soaked earth, but white chief, heap medicine

man, saved life. Wounds full of white man's medicine; body packed

with his grub, warmed with his clothes; mc ride horse, his gift; me go

INDIAN JOE 851

not weary and ashamed back to my own people. Me talk in their ears."

With an air of royal condescension that a prince might have envied, he offered his hand to Mr. Stewart, who shook it warmly.

"Indian now friend of the whites,"said Joe; then rode away as one

who had exhausted both vocabulary and subject.

Why We Forget By Don P. Skousen

"We all forget what we do not use. What a blessing forgetfulness is!

What would life be, if we; could not forget anything?"

When I was a boy I learned several boyish recitations, but with the lapse of time I have forgotten these through nonuse. I once knew several

mathematical formulas by which I could solve certain intricate problems, but today I can't recall these formulas. The paths I followed when a boy are

not as distinct as they were a few years ago. Why? Nonuse or failure

to retravel them in my memory has obliterated the ups and downs, the curves and corners, the gulleys and the bumps, so that today I remember only the places of beginning and ending.

Life is made up of a great many emotions, thoughts and acts each day, some of which are to be forgotten as well as remembered. The things,

however, that we remember are the factors of character.

Why do most missionaries bare such a forceful, fervent, and inspiring testimony when they return home, then in a year or so some of them lose their zeal, their fervor is flat, and their once inspiration is melancholy?

There is but one answer. The truths they learned are fresh in their memory;

these truths had become a dynamic factor in their lives; in the diversion

of their energies they have forgotten those truths. To remember any truth

one must occasionally review the paths leading thereto, not passively but by effort and exercise.

A testimony is based on knowledge and when the facts which are crystalized into that knowledge are forgotten that testimony is bound to wane. What, then, must I dp to retain and strengthen my testimony? There

is but one answer. My testimony becomes stronger with exercise and

expression, by consciously seeking more truths leading to tha. knowledge.

The only way I can keep and build a stronger testimony of the gospel is periodically to review the truths'which give life, inspiration, and aspiration to my thoughts and acts, thereby making this testimony a dynamic, vitalizing, lifegiving force therein and keeping me attuned to the radio of God.

Phoenix, Ariz.

THE LONG LOOK AHEAD A Significant Episode in Early Utah History

By Ira N. Hayward

"One of the things at which I marvel most is; the seership, the

long look ahead, of the makers of Utah."The speaker, Dr. E. C.

Branson, Professor of Rural Economics at the University of North

Carolina, was lecturing to his class at the U. A. C. National Summer

school in 1923. He was discussing the foundations of a sound rural

economic system, which, he said, depends primarily upon the character of the people; upon their possessing the basic cooperative virtues,

chief of which is the quality of sagacity.

"I have just been reading Bancroft's account! of the 'gold fever'

days in the early history of your state,"he continued, "and I stand amazed at the farseeing vision that enabled Brigham Young to weather that crisis. It was a significant example of the basic quality

of sagacity: the long look ahead."sense—plus

This statement calls to mind an incident that should be written on the heart of every school child in the state of Utah; an example of

that quality of statesmanship which is compelling the admiration of impartial historians everywhere for the great pioneer leader of the 'Mormon'commonwealth. The Winter of 1848-9 was a veritable

"starving time"for the little band of Saints. The previous Summer

they had harvested barely half a crop of grain because of the ravages of the cricket plague. All through the winter the scanty store of

flour was rationed to the people. Wild roots and herbs were drawn

upon to supplement the scanty larder, and many a child, now grown to manhood or womanhood, recalls with pain the long weary months when no one really knew what it was to feel completely free from the pangs of hunger.

It was just at this crisis that word came of the fabulous El

Dorado to the west. The "Argonauts of '49"were on the trek.

All Summer long their great caravans came streaming into the valley, and in their eagerness to reach the "diggings,"men offered their outfits to the Saints at fabulously low prices in exchange for lighter equipment that would impede them less in their rush.

I9 it to be wondered at that in this situation some of the Saints, too, should have become afflicted with "gold fever?"Here were

people from the richest part of the country, from faraway New

England, and even from Europe, who had staked everything on the prospect of striking it rich over night on the gravel bars of California rivers. With no more equipment than a pick, a shovel, and a washing

pan, they heard that men were washing out fortunes in a few weeks of labor. And all this wealth lay almost at their doors. Inured as they

were to hardship, the journey to the goldfields would have held few terrors for them.

THE LONG LOOK AHEAD 853

Around them stretched the harsh forbidding hills of the "Great

American Desert,"sere and fallow from the withering drought of centuries. Even to wring a bare sustenance from them meant years of

backbreaking toil. And just beyond the western hills was gold, the

magic wand that would transform the future into a rosy dream!

What wonder that many looked with longing upon such a venture?

But just at this moment of uncertainty came the voice of their leader, calling them back to the grim, hard path of duty; rebuking

them for their disposition to look back, having once set hand to the plow.

Said President Young:

"I hope that the gold mines will be no nearer than eight hundred miles. * * * There is more delusion, and the people are more perfectly

crazy on this continent than ever before. * * * I advise the corrupt,

and all who want, to go to California, and not come back, for I will not fellowship them."

In a general epistle, dated October 12, 1849, the Quorum of

Twelve counseled as follows:

"When the Saints shall have preached the gospel, raised grain and built up cities enough, the Lord will open a way for a supply of gold to the perfect satisfaction of his people. Until then, let them not be overanxious, for the treasures of the earth are in the Lord's storehouse and he

will open the doors thereof when and where he pleases."

It was a clarion call; unmistakably the voice of "one having

authority."It left no room for doubt as to the earnestness of

purpose thai had dominated the hearts of the leaders when they set their faces westward after their exodus from Nauvoo. Moreover it

served definite notice upon the fainthearted that there was yet time for them to turn back if they felt themselves unequal to the tasks before them.

One wonders just what was the vision that passed before the eyes of the seer as he uttered the above words. Perhaps he saw the

ghost cities that were to line the gulches of California a few years hence; perhaps he saw the sordid scramble in which hundreds lost

their lives and thousands their souls, for a few handfuls of yellow metal; perhaps be saw how very few would gain hopedfor wealth and

how very many would doom themselves to wander on to their deaths following the lurid will o'wisp of sudden fortune into the gold fields of Idaho, Oregon and Nevada.

One thing, we may be sure, he saw with unmistakable clearness, and that was the fact that the noble superstructure of Zion could never be erected upon the shifting sands. It was indeed a "time to try

men's souls,"and Brigham Young saw that those who resisted the lure would be those to whom he could safely entrust a share in the great project which he foresaw as the building up of a mighty religious commonwealth.

854 IMPROVEMENT ERA

For vindication of that judgment and of the superlative wisdom of the leaders who dared to take a fearless stand for sanity in a time of madness, oneneeds only to compare today the achievements of those who ignored the warning with the deathless glory of the monument to intelligent industry which those who heeded it have left behind them.

"We need intelligent discipleship quite as much as we need efficient leadership,"says Branson, and the truth of his statement is borne out fully by this incident. Bancroft records that of the more

than twentyfive thousand Saints who were in the Great Basin by 1852, probably not more than six hundred succumbed completely to the gold fever and left fori striking tribute to the regard California—a

in which the great majority held their standing in the Church and the judgment of their leaders.

It has often been remarked that there is little attraction for the romanticist in the career of the "shoemaker who sticks to his last."

Hundreds of books and thousands of feet of film have been devoted to the glorification of the "Argonauts of '49,"but it is only in retrospect that we see the heroic glamor of the band whom they left behind them in the drab wastes of the Great Basin.

In due time the Lord did "open the way for a supply of gold to the complete satisfaction of his people,"but the greatest glory of all is to be seen in the civilization which they built (up. Today,

sociologists and economists everywhere are pointing to the "Mormon"communities as the best examples of how the rural problem may be solved. Typical of these is Dr. E. C. Branson, quoted above. Dr.

Branson has gained nationwide recognition for his work as a student of rural problems, both in America and abroad. In the Summer of

1923, he came to the U. A. C. National Summer school and conducted

courses in rural sociology and economics, devoting all of his spare time to the study of rural community life in Cache Valley and the surrounding "Mormon"settlements.

What he saw filled him with unending delight, and his lectures were interspersed with numerous very earnest tributes to the wisdom that has made these achievements possible. So keen was his interest

in Utah and her community life that he accepted a reappointment to the A. C. faculty for the fall quarter of 1925, in order to have

an opportunity for further study at first hand.

Thus the world is again being forced to pay a tribute to the "way of life"set forth in the oncedespised religion of the Latterday

Saints. Numerous biographers are paying their tribute to the "common sense"and "statesmanship"of Brigham Young. What these

writers fail to see is the quality of seership by divine inspiration that transformed these characteristics into something never contemplated by the ordinary definitions of the terms. Truly may we say with him

of old, "Where there is no vision, the people perish!"

Logan, Utah.

y v a i

M. I. A., WE HAIL THEE

Euth May Fox. W. 0. Robinson.

fe * >:q-r Jv

: -nr --&-- EEfi -m—-i—L#

1. M. I. A., we hail thee! Loud thy praise we sing, for thy lov - ing

2. Flower of the desert, Fragrant is thy bloom, Blest with God's own

ZLA *—*—*—P—r f—f—f—*- f—f F* V v b—

-*- -3-S3 # 72—

guidance, We our homage bring; Founded by a prophet

sunshine, Radiant as the noon; 'Neath thy heav'n wrought banner

I 'tef:—W 1—h. hi/ ni/ b|/ r

(N J r '--1 -n P 1 r r-—'—i

4 &- IJ * *m 1 #-m #m -—-# #—L y—#—*—

On the rock of truth, May thy light and glory Di - a - dem our youth.

March the brave and free, For thy righteous standards, Hail, all hail to thee!

?- -tte-1- r. s s a—* &—rm—

-v—v- -v—&-

CHOBUS.

-0 -H—F-! -zt:jv -*—————,—

- -ward, God shall light thy Ev - er, ever on

On, on, ever onward, God

-HZ.

:m=#== 3=:

f=* Onward, press on, on, onward, God lierht thy way, 856 IMPROVEMENT ERA

i r j 5 way, light thy way, Glor ious is thy prom - - -

shall light thy way, yes, Glorious thy name, Glor - ious thy h ft 3 fCE*—1=:

thy way, yes, Glorious thy name and

. i -—=—F*—*-—*-—r-t-—r—&

ise, Be - lov - ed M. I. A., (M. A.)

prom - ise,

-*'-.--#- b=F I prom -ise,m A FourMinute Address* By President Emeritus George H. Brimhall, Brigham Young University

Why the "Mormon"Church? That's the question. First: From an intellectual

point of view. 1 am now talking to those who are skeptical about God, but who

believe in religion as a social institution, a system, manmade, a machine for making men happy. To such the "Mormon"Church is entitled to preference.

1. Because of the onward call of its theology.

2. Because of the superiority of its organization.

3. Because of the uplift of its activities.

Second: From a spiritual point of view. Those who believe in God believe that

he has had a plan, believe that he has revealed that plan to men and made them prophets, made them men who could see history in advance. To that class this Church

is entitled to choice consideration because, 1. It came into existence in fulfilment of divine promise.

2. It has fulfilled prophecy in its history.

3. It is now fulfilling prophecy.

Third: From an experience point of view, the point of view of thousands

who have lived and died in the Church, and of thousands who are now living: the

point of view of most of you and many, many others. My experience, the experience

of multitudes gives answer to the question: Why the "Mormon"Church?

1. Because the wider the wanderings from the Church line of life the weakifr I become.

2. The closer I cling to the Church the stronger I grow.

3. The harder I work in the Church the happier I am. i

I turn this great theme, this vital problem over to your theological teachers who have been studying, teaching, and living to the end that you might have an intellectual conviction, a spiritual conversion, and a lifeexperience testimony as to why the "Mor- 'mon Church is for you. *t

Delivered at College Hall, May 10, 1925.

ORATORY, POESY AND PROPHECY By Orson F. Whitney

V Poesy is another name for prophecy. Poetry of the highest order

is essentially prophetic, infinitely suggestive, pointing to the future, and symbolizing things to come. Anything is poetic that stands for

something greater than itself.

"Fair are the flowers and the children,

But their subtle suggestion is fairer;

Rare is the roseburst of dawn.

But the secret that clasps it is rarer.

"Great are the symbols of being,

But that which is symboled is greater;

Vast the create and beheld, But vaster the inward creator."

Man is poetic, in that he symbolizes his Maker, the Being in whose image he was created. "What is man but a symbol of God,"

asks Carlyle, and is overwhelmingly answered by Joseph Smith, who affirms: "God himself is an Exalted Man."The same thought, in

the poetic mind of Lorenzo Snow, Joseph Smith's disciple, gave birth to the sublime couplet:

As man now is, God once was;

As God now is, man may be.

Carlyle tells us that the ancient word "Vates"meant both prophet and poet, and he maintains that they are fundamentally the same, "in this most important respect especially, that they have penetrated, both of them, into the sacred mystery of the universe;—what

Goethe calls the open secret * * * open to all, seen by almost none."Poesy in the highest degree is the power to see into and interpret that "sacred mystery."God has built hi"! world, or his systems of

worlds, upon symbols, the lesser suggest.<g and leading up to the

greater, pointing the mind from earth to heaven, from man to God, from time to eternity. The poetic faculty recognizes this symbolism.

Poesy holds the key to its interpretation.

The greatest poet that has ever lived was not Shakespeare. It

we have nowas Jesus Christ. Not because he wrote verses—for

record of his having written any; not because of his parables, so

precious; nor his sermons and sayings, so wonderful, so unparalleled.

But because he saw deepest into the mystery of life, into the divine creation.symbolism of the universe—his> own

The greatest poem in existence is the Gospel of Christ. Adam's

offering of the sacrificial lamb, in the similitude of the Lamb of God, 85 8 IMPROVEMENT ERA

who was to take away the sins of the world; the Hebrew Passover,

with its wealth of prophetic symbolism, also pointing to the Lamb of

God, the Great Deliverer of whom Moses, meekest of men, was typical;

the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, in which the broken bread and poured wine or water represent the body and blood of the world's

Redeemer; the ordinance of baptism, instituted in the likeness of his

burial and resurrection; all these are in action and in poems—poems

form, parts of the great Gospel Poem, whose author is God, even the

Son of God.

History scintillates with poetic symbolism. Abraham offering

Isaac; Joseph's humiliation and elevation in Egypt; Moses delivering

it is not difficult to determine what these events signified,Israel;—

if one has the poetic instinct to guide him. The Father's gift of his

Only Begotten Son, for the redemption of a fallen world; the Savior's

descent below, that he might rise above all things; his deliverance of

the human race from the bondage of sin and death; all are foreshadowed by those historical happenings.

How could history "repeat itself,"but for this symbolism in human lives and events? Is it not because men symbolize men, that

we say of one: He was the Caesar,'Shakespeare, or Napoleon of his

time. Is it not because men symbolize principles, that we say of

another: His name is a synonym for this vice or that virtue? And

i* it not because events symbolize events, that we say of this or that disaster or exploit: "It was a Waterloo,"or "A Roland for an

Oliver?"Men and women personify nations and peoples. Jacob is Israel;

Esau, Edom; Japheth, the Gentiles. Columbia and Britannia—feminine

for the two foremost nations of modern times. Evenmyths*—stand

the Church of Christ is symbolized by a woman. Nebuchadnezzar's

vision of the great man, with head of gold, breast and arms Image—a

of silver, loins of brass, legs of iron, feet part of iron and part of the mightiest empires of history and foreshadowed theirclay—described

fate.

The destruction of Jerusalem by Titus, putting an end to the

Hebrew commonwealth, typified the downfall of worldly wickedness the event yetBabylon. The rebuilding of Jerusalem—an future—and

restoration of the resurrection of the Israel—now begun—symbolize

race, and the glory and exaltation of the earth and its righteous inhabitants. The neglect of poets and the persecution of prophets by

their contemporaries, with their subsequent acceptance by posterity, find a wondrous and complete fulfilment in the deification of the once despised Nazarene.

It is this universal symbolism that makes poetry of history history, which is also prophecy. The fate of men fortells the fate of

nations; the destiny of empires foreshadows the destiny of worlds.

All are governed by divine laws, and they grow, increase, decline and

ORATORY, POESY AND PROPHECY 859

fall, by obedience or disobedience to those laws. The knowledge of

the lesser leads to the knowledge of the greater, and the key to the mysteries of time unlocks the door to the mysteries of Eternity.

It is written that the Lord God "revealeth his secret to his servants the prophets."Yes, and he reveals some things to his servants

the poets and philosophers. What did he tell thee, Plato? "All things

are in a scale, and begin where we will, ascend and ascend. All

things are symbolical; and what we call results are beginnings."Wasnot the same truth given to Abraham?—"If two things exist, and

there be one above the other, there shall be greater things above them."

The God who said to Moses, "All things have their likeness, and are made to bear record of me,"inspired Goethe to teach that things temporal are types of things spiritual.

The Universe, composed of things great and small, the smaller symbolizing the greater, is one vast poem. Filled with types and

foreshadowings, the seen and heard bearing witness of the unseen and unheard, it is a mighty prophecy, ever fulfilling and awaiting further fulfilment. To read this poem, to interpret this prophecy, requires

a poet of the highest order, and when we have a poet of the highest order, we have a Prophet of the Most High, one standing next to God.

and best able, therefore, to comprehend him and make known his purposes.

The Book of Life is. "a book with seven seals,"and until he

who "hath prevailed to open the book and to loose the seven seals thereof,"rends the veil, all others "see in part."Seeing in part, what

do we behold?

That there is an endless symbolism, all things visible, audible, or in any manner appreciable, typifying greater things, toward which, along the lines of eternal progress, all things are advancing.

That man is a symbol of God. as the child is a symbol of the

parent, capable by growth and development, by the thorough education of his mental, physical, moral and spiritual powers, of becoming what he symbolizes, blossoming from the human into the divine.

That Earth symbolizes Heaven, though affording by its conditions a contrast to Heaven; through which contrast and its conditions man's

spirit secures the education to which it aspires; whereupon the contrast

disappears, and Earth, also educated, becomes Heaven.

That Time, with all its ages, is a chain, a climax, an ascending scale of dispensations, one merging into another and all into one, lik?

rills and rivers mingling with the ocean.

That the past symbolized the present; was preparatory to and

productive of the present; and that the present, also symbolical, sows

the seed of and foreshadows the future.

That Time, with its centuries, is typical of Eternity with its aeons, those centuries being typified in turn by years, months, weeks, days and the more minute subdivisions of eternal duration.

860 IMPROVEMENT ERA

That men and nations from the beginning have carved out the wayi for other men and nations; that human lives and human events, like

sections of machinery turned by the enginery of Omnipotence, have fitted into and impelled each other, under the controlling, guiding master Mind and Hand that doeth all things well.

Through all these changes and vicissitudes, whether of Time or of Eternity, man's deathless intelligence passes, reaping where and what it hath sown, and advancing by experience from height to height of knowledge, power, glory and dominion.

This is "the open to all, seen by almost none."secret—open

No man in modern times, whether poet, philosopher or scientist, has dived so deeply into the mystery of life as did the Prophet Joseph

Smith. He was not a Homer, nor a Shakespeare, nor a Milton. He

did not build rhymes, make he might have done, had verses—though

he cared to cultivate and acquire the art. But he possessed the deep

poetic insight, the power to comprehend and interpret the vast mystical groundwork of creation and power inherent in prophecy existence—a

and seership, those rare gifts with which he was so eminently endowed.

This was what made him a poet. And no man or woman, not a poet

in the same sense and to a greater or less degree, will ever be able to understand Joseph Smith or fully appreciate his sublime mission.

He was a prophet; consequently a poet; and would have been, had

he never spoken or written a line of verse or prose. A gold mine is a

gold mine, whether or not the precious ore has been brought to the surface. Mining does not create the metal. The inward truth is more

than the outward expression. Conception is greater than birth.

Whatever may be said or thought by others, I reaffirm my positive conviction that the mind which could grasp such splendid and exalted principles as are set forth in the writings and sayings of

Joseph Smith, and utter them in a manner so powerful, was the mind of a prophetpoet, than whom none mightier, save the very Son of God, ever struck the harp of divine truth and made it vibrant with the music of the spheres.

What poem did he produce? He produced the great poem miscalled "Mormonism,"the mightiest epic, though unexpressed in verse,

ever conceived and brought forth by the mind, of man. Its* other and

truer title is the Everlasting Gospel, now in its latterday restoration.

Joseph Smith was not its author. He was only the amanuensis—as

is every true revelatcr to men of what God revealg to him. poet—a

Christ himself is the Author of this great Gospel Poem, which, sounded as a prophecy in preexistent spheres, echoed and reechoed down the ages by the sacred bards'of Israel, finds its fullest human expression in the heaveninspired song sung by the Prophet of the Last Dispensation.

ROYAL VISITORS (See Frontispiece) By J. M. Sjodahl

As is well known, the Swedish Crown Prince, Gustav Adolf, attended the unveiling of the John Ericsson monument in Washington,

May 29, 1926, as the official representative of Sweden. John

Ericsson, it need hardly be said here, was the famous engineer, a Swede by birth, who constructed the armored vessel, the Monitor, which on

March 9, 1862, during the Civil War, put an end to the depredations of the Southern ironclad, the Mertimac, and who gave the world a new type of battleship, some features of which are still retained in modern navies.

Congress, in 1916, appropriated $35,000 for the monument, and $28,000 was contributed by the Swedish people, chiefly in the United

Slates, through the efforts of a committee which had charge of the work.

According to the original plans, another function was held in

JOHN ERICSSON, FAMOUS ENGINEER AND INVENTOR 862 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Philadelphia, in the early part of June, when the foundation w3s laid for a memorial building in honor of John Morton, another American of Swedish descent, whose name is indelibly engraved on one of the early pages of American history. This building is part of the Sesquiccntennial exhibition, but will be permanent.

Who was John Morton?

He was the grandson of Morten Mortenson, who, in 1654, came over from Gothenburg in the ship Orn. John Morton, the grandson,

was born, in 1725, in Chester county, Pa., in a house still standing.

He held several positions of trust. He was, for instance, one of the

delegates to the famous Stamp Act Congress in New York, in 1765.

In 1776, when a Pennsylvania delegation was appointed to considet secession, Morton was elected chairman of. that body, and while he

was acting in this capacity his great opportunity came to serve the cause of liberty for all time to come. Six colonies had voted in favor

of secession, and six against. Pennsylvania was divided. A majority

of the Pennsylvania delegation, it seems, were against secession, but on the day when the vote was taken, two of these were absent, reducing the number of delegates to five. James Wilson and Benjamin Franklin

were in favor of independence, but two others were against. John

Morton, sick in bed, arose, against the advice of his physician, and journeyed on horseback to Philadelphia, and cast his vote with Wilson and Franklin. Thus Philadelphia was placed on record for secession,

the deadlock was broken, and the colonies carried the proposition for independence with the majority of one vote, and that vote was

Morton's. Hence the present effort to erect a memorial building in his

honor, as part of the celebration of the 150th anniversary of the

Declaration of Independence, celebrated this year.

The journey of the Crown Prince has local interest, because the distinguished traveler and his company will spend one day, July 9, in Salt Lake City, and two or three days in southern Utah among the scenic and prehistoric wonders of this part of the country. He is

accompanied by the Crown Princess Louise, an English princess by birth. The royal entourage includes Miss Carolina Elizabeth Christina

de Reutersvaerd, maid of honor to the Crown Princess; Oscar von

Sydow, governor of Bohuslaen, and Count Marshal Rudebeck, master of the royal household.

Crown Prince Gustav Adolf is a gentleman of distinction, prominent among men, even if he were not of royal descent and the heir to a throne. He possesses that refinement, that character and that brilliant

genius, which were universally admired in his grandfather, King Oscar

II, and without which even a royal diadem, though radiant with costly gems, is but a worthless emblem. i

The Crown Prince, whose full name and title is Oskar Fredrick

Vilhelm Olaf Gustav Adolf, Duke of Skandia, was born Nov. 11,

1883. His education has been thorough in every respect, both inROYAL VISITORS 863

tellectual and moral. At the age of 19, he was ready to commence

his university career, and from the beginning he became specially interested in the natural sciences. Botany was his favorite studyGeology attracted his interest even as a young boy, at an age when

other boys rave about pirate exploits and detective yarns. Later, he

became interested in history, civics, statistics, law, egyptology and archaeology. He has taken active interest in archaeological researches

around Upsala and brought to light many valuable relics of the bronze age. He has also extended his research to other parts of Sweden, and

in 1920, during his travels in Greece, he decided to organize a

Swedish archaeological expedition to that country, and during 1922, he personally took part in the excavations at Asine, where valuable finds were made.

It is further due to the efforts of the Crown Prince that the

Swedish archaeologist, Professor Gunnar Anderson, has been enabled to pursue his researches in China, and it is, nc doubt, his interest in archaeology that prompts him to undertake his journey to the Far

East at this time.

The Crown Princess, Lady Louise Mountbatten, is the daughter of Prince Louis of Battenberg, later the Marquis of Milfordhaven, who, at the outbreak of hostilities in 1914, was the admiral of the

British fleet. She is a granddaughter of Princess Alice, a daughter of

Queen Victoria. The wedding was heldi in London, Nov. 3, 1923.

The Crown Princess is greatly beloved by the Swedish people.

She has studied the language, history and traditions of her new homeland and she has become very popular, owing to her fine, lovable character. King Oscar II said of the Crown Prince on one occasion,

"He has a heart of gold,"and that applies equally to the Crown

Princess.

Princess Louise is the second wife of Prince Gustav Adolf. His

first consort was the Princess Margaret of Connaught, daughter of

Prince Arthur of Connaught and granddaughter of Queen Victoria.

They were married at the Windsor Castle, June 15, 1905. It was

a happy and harmonious union, broken by the death of the princess.

May 1, 1920. Not only the relatives of the royal couple, but the

entire Swedish nation mourned at the bier of the beloved Crown

Princess. She left five children, the Princes Gustaf Adolf, Sivard,

Bertil and Carl Johan, and the Princess Ingrid.

There is some prospect that Salt Lake City will have the honor of a visit by a brother of the Crown Prince, H. R. H. Prince Vilhelm,

the second son of the Swedish King Gustav V, next year.

The Era joins the people in Utah of Swedish extraction in welcoming the Crown Prince and Crown, Princess to this Mountain State in the great American Union, and in the sincere wish that their brief sojourn here may be one of pleasure and interest, and that the choicest blessings of him who is the Father of us all may follow them and remain with them and theirs continually.

s SHE 'V MS

..-

V

':.* ''':

Photo by Frank Beckwith.

Looking down the canyon from the trail on Lady Mountain. The Symphony of

the canyon.

i t MUMSIE And Other Impressions Received in Zion National Park

By Grace Wharton Montaigne In my files I have the following letter from a superintendent of

Zion National Park:

"I have thought that Zion was never intended for the restless multitude that tarries only long enough for1 a casual glance, and then whirls on to the next exhibit:

but rather, that it is for the pilgrim who travels from afar to seek a shrine wherein to worship, compare his thoughts, get in tune with the Infinite, and rest.

"I can see him as a worshiper in a great cathedral. * * * A distinguished

congressman just recently told me that the impression made upon him,, was that of reverence. And I believe it to be true generally.

1, glad that you are one "I have noted that you are one who appreciates. I am

who can come and linger, and in that leisurely sojourn receive its impressions."

For three days was I to be left alone in the park that season, on one of the many trips we take there, while the men of the party were on a distant excursion up the West Mountain Trail, to view from the heights canyons not as yet even named, so few eyes have beheld them.

The afternoon I had spent in drifting leisurely about the canyon, stopping frequently that I might fully get its it impressions—letting

no impediment to theslowly s-o-a-k into my being—alone—offering

complete.inflow—joy

Late, as the shadows grew long and the mood grew pensive, pellmell into the public camp burst a noisy party, all men, guffawing, bold, who hastily ripped packages open and cut the lids from tins to

MUMSIE 865

bolt a meal, and then, with shades of evening settling, in the glare of a gasoline lamp they loudly played cards into the small hours of the morning, to the utter disgust and annoyance of all the other campers present.

The next morning, up betimes, they awoke all. Again the same

haste, again the same hurry, again the same pressing need to use the remainder of a scant time.

Off they drove, cutout wide open, their objective "The Narrows;"but, enroute, to view the Great White Throne, Cable Mountain, Weeping Rock, the Great Organ, and the Temple of Siniwava

(I certainly hope they didn't profane that sacred viewing spot)—their

of these many places to be, I suppose, in the same manner they had eaten their it., breakfast—gulping

Promptly at noon back they stormed; again the can opener; again

the litter; then away they were off, having "thoroughly done Zion

seen it Only got two weeks, yuh know. See yuh at th'all—uhuh! ditch they say!—"and I meekly feared that in theirGrand—some

haste of getting away they might possibly have overlooked something and we be inflicted with their presence again.

What was it the superintendent wrote me?

compare, tune, I fell back with much—Worship, reverence—and

solace into the welcome solitude their absence gave us.

Again I spent another afternoon, alone, drifting, absorbing, receiving.

And again that evening, late, I sat with paper plate on knee, when two very much worn, roadbattered cars came rattling in, each with a decided engine knock; and the just poured children!—children

out of each car.

But I noted something about the more battered of the two cars which immediately engaged my attention.

Two sturdy, clean, openfaced boys, ages about eleven and thirteen respectively, waited until the outpouring of children had ceased, and then they both helped a large woman in the back seat to get down—

one found her a cheap homemade crutch, and the other aided her toward the auto door; as she stepped down I noted that she had only

one foot. The man rustled wood.

he and she had A discerning eye quickly caught the story—both

married the second time; the boys, fine lads, were his; hers were the

large group of romping children, making themselves known by noise and numbers; and, added to his and to hers was theirs, a child in

arms. She was stepmother to the lads.

But this was a case different. Where in such cases one usually

expects to find a jarring note of unwelcome to the new mother, here boys were devotedlyI saw a sight which warmed my heart—both

attached to her, and addressed her as "Mumsie."

They were poor folk, evidently quite humbly placed. For bed.

866 * IMPROVEMENT ERA

v and all found nestthe family I was watching made down "a robin, in it a nook received each. But, if they were somehow—somewhere

poor in worldly possessions, they were certainly rich in having treasures beyond jewels of lads. compare—two

The boys took all the work off Mumsie's hands. As the father

visited the wood pile and busied himself with that chore, the boys placed a seat cushion for Mumsie, laid a cheap, colored spread upon the ground, and then did I see a sight different! Each need of

Mumsie was anticipated. The boys were her hands and feet; they

followed setting the tin plates around by getting the bread, and that by slicing the ham; and followed, whatever was next in order, without

even so much as a suggestion from Mumsie. What they couldn't do

(what was purely woman's work) they placed handily for her, put at her very finger tips so to speak.

Every effort they could save her from doing they did.

Whenever either addressed the stepmother, with what rich fervor of devotion did the term of endearment, "Mumsie,"ring from their lips! It brought admiration upwelling in the onlooker. It added

a touch to Zion National Park I had least expected, and I thirsted for yet more. |

As to her part, Mumsie deferred to the lads; was wrapped up

in them; yet, with each act of thoughtfulness on their part, she looked

full at the husband, as the author of those two, with eyes that saw in him what stirred the boys. She foljowed his every move; and at one

specially marked thoughtfulness of the lads, when she let her eyes rest back again upon her husband, did she subconsciously do what betokened her inexpressible and suppressed babe in arms sentiment—the

was unconsciously stroked, as if to invest in its tiny form the qualities of the boys whose father she had married.

And I thought I had known Zion National Park!

The next day as I was motoring back toward camp, I saw two cars parked near the sign which read "Weeping Rock."In one of

the cars, with one lad beside her, I saw Mumsie. The other lad was

with the long string of adults and children filing along the narrow pathway that leads to that miniature Niagara, where the rocks drip, lamenting a secret sorrow, known only to the canyon itself

It was there that I came to realize the extent of devotion of those lads; both would not desert Mumsie at the same time, to leave her thus

alone; but each lad would take a hasty inspection of the point of

interest, no matter how savory, and quickly return to spell the other eff, the combined time of both thus used just coinciding with the more leisurely interval consumed by the adult party.

A lad was just scurrying back as I stopped alongside, and he said:

"Bobbie, I'll stay now while you take your turn. Can you see pretty

MUMSIE 867

well with the glasses from where you are, Mumsie?"asked the lad of

her who was sitting in the car, his interest shifting, from telling Bobbie to go, to this mother of his.

Now Bobbie, even though the younger lad, didn't bolt off like a shot when relieved from duty. Not he. Instead, he didn't budge

off that seat until he had said to his brother, "Did you see all you wanted to?"

I was learning fast.

"Yes, Bobbie, now you hurry along."

"Well then, you ask the lady,"meaning me, "what we can show to Mumsie,"for he knew that I knew.

That was the finest thing I have ever seen in selfZion—the

abnegation of those two lads, their sacrifice in devotion!

When Bobbie left, I listened while the other lad, who was a good observer, let Mumsie see through his eyes what to her own was denied; he had a born skill of narration, and told a vivid tale. Then

I told the two in the car how two Summers before I had seen the owner of the endless cable which comes down off "Cable Mountain"lower from the upland there about five loads of lumber in one afternoon; how that the heavier load coming down had drawn up from

below the lighter load of washing machine, needed by the toilers there;

how I had in turn been told that one day a dog was put into the little car, but the awful gulf below turned the dog mad, and they had to shoot raving demented thing, bereft of reason. How that years it—a

ago a girl was standing up there on top between two men, during a violent thunderstorm; a bolt of lightning instanly killed both men,

stunned the girl into unconsciousness lasting three hours, but that she survived and reared a family. I pointed out the twisting path which

men and animals took to mount the mesa's top of Kolob Plateau a toilsome journey of nine miles to mount but 2,750 feet!

"What did the lady tell you we could show to Mumsie?"

And then I told them of Observation Curve, where, seated in the auto, she could view the Great White Throne "over the saddle";

listening in her mind to the symphony of nature's harmony from the

Great Organ, peal after peal of God's goodness; how from that curve

one with lusty lungs could be heard by another on the very top of

Angel's Landing (all the while avoiding mention of Observation Point or of the path leading to the summit of Angel's landing,, as being a taboo subject under the misfortune to Mumsie); and by way of climax,

I expanded on the beauties of the Temple of Siniwava, where all could be in its sacred confines, children and adults and she, closing by saying that I was going beyond, but would pilot them that far.

I thought of the message I had received there from the "Woman on the Rock,"as I left this chattering double party, children playing on 868. IMPROVEMENT ERA

the shrubbery or casting stones toward the crags, all reveling in an outing which none enjoy so thoroughly as do the poor, so close are they ever to nature, nor hedged, in by restraint, never conscious of a wrong committed should they give themselves to the wild abandon of full enjoyment.

The rich place a carpet between themselves and Mother Earth and then deny the very inflow they have shut out.

I went away afoot, filled with had I not seen enthusiasm—for

sacrifices, selfabnegation, devotion, adding another phase to the beauty of Zion National Park?

There was one other impression to be given me by this spot which should befall in the next hour, how far at variance with the trend of thought set into action by what had passed those two days my readers must judge.

THE HOT DOG KING

I went up to "The Narrows,"waded the stream, and from a convenient spot set up my camera for a view of the Mountain of Mystery.

In due time I was again approaching the Temple of Siniwava, when

I noticed an auto by the side of the road, and in it a man whom I remembered as having seen the evening before at the public drinking fountain. I had

observed yesterevening that he had had considerable difficulty in approaching the hydrant; at the drinking fountain, because of a bad attack of locomotor

ataxia, and that the cobble stones piled there to keep the place dry were an almost insurmountable task to him. But he would not give the struggle

up; by sheer strength of will he forced those recalcitrant members to do his

bidding, with many failings and fallings,—but

must be carried out. So I expected a strongwilled man,point—a command I observed that he made his

whose conversation, if it were in keeping with my reading of him, I wanted.

To my entry with a commonplace, his reply was so instant I knew he hungered for talk from a stranger, even though a woman.

From his volubility I soon learned that he remained in the car while his party went up farther afoot, he being unable to negotiate it. "Long

hours and hard work had put him on the hummer,"as he expressed it.

I was soon apprised that he ran a downtown restaurant in Colorado

Springs during the Winter months, and a hot dog stand at Manitou when the tourist season was on. Sightseers in Colorado ate! Ate so heartily he

had done well, and in proof his broad gesture embraced his Buick car rather boastfully (Lizzie was contentedly nibbling the grass where I had tethered her); for, as he naively put it, "They eat one goin'up, and nothing

to thetouches th'spot better'n a hot dog when they come back"—referring

trip up the cog railroad.

But, added the man of practicality: "Here in Zion there aint nuthin'

a feller needn't budge from th* car to see th'to make a man hungry—why

whole show! Aint seen a single soul eatin'a bought lunch. Fact is, lady,

I can't seethought maybe this'd be a likely place for a concession—but

no money here at all. Why at Manitou I'd a cleaned up $ 1 8 by this time

o'day! A feller here would starve to death behind his own counter—me

for outta here as quick as I kin git!"

MUMSIE 869

And I thought of Mumsie! And the "Woman on the Rock!"

And the Symphony of the Great Organ!

How out of harmony was this man to the spirit of the canyon!

Before we reluctanly withdraw from this temple, let us once more walk about it, noting each spot well, ourselves free to receive its impression; let us stand in the vast nave and study those carvings chiseled

on the cross which lead men's thoughts heavenward; let us pause a

moment before each niche in which beauty is enshrined and bend the pious knee of devotee in homage; in the shadow of the altar let us

open the soul to the impouring of the canyon; and then, having caught

the spirit of the place Which thought, think you, leavesi the more savory impression:

A hot dog from the very altar of the temple?

Or, that you and I, in humble reverence, had repaired to that sacred fane 'As pilgrims from afar, seeking a shrine wherein to worship, compare our thoughts, and get in Tune?"

iffa Sjpfjj idwt

i

* -. -&

: '-''.

W-* '\ ''r.* - d rM&.

Photo by Frank Beckwith.

The Sacred Altar of the Temple of Siniwava, Zion National Park. Where the "Hot

Dog King"would wish his quick lunch counter set.

Top: "Tarzan"makes a unique steed. Center: A trio of young lions born in

captivity. Below: "Numa,"the pet lion of the movies, who has made $40,000 for

his owners in the past four and onehalf years. A high priced "star."This lion

has an intelligent face.

j LION FARMING By Elizabeth Cannon Porter

"I want to raise two hundred lions a year,"declared Charles

Gay, lion farmer, "for the demand always exceeds the supply."(That

sounds good to farmers.)

"Where do we sell them? Why to circuses and zoos. There is

always a good market for lions."

At that it might be purchase lions from cheaper—and easier—to

a "farm"than to catch them in the African jungle.

How much do they bring? Roughly speaking, judging by the

valuation put upon his young stock by M. Gay, they are worth about

$1,000 apiece. Older ones average about price of a $3000—the

thoroughbred horse from Belgium. Individual specimens may run

into a fortune. The owner would not put a price upon a ninemonth-

old lion that will make companions of birds, rabbits and children.

It has never harmed anything, so would have great show value. Numa,

an intelligent Abyssinian lion, has earned $40,000 for his owner by acting in moving pictures for the past four and a half years. A lioness

has earned an equal amount in six years by giving birth to thirtynine cubs during that time. She had two litters a year, numbering three and

four infants apiece. She is fourteen years old. A lioness may have

only one or two cubs, and, if she be young, may not paise them.

The "farm"at the present boasts 74 head. It was started with

a sixyear-old lion and two slightly older lionesses, six years ago.

The father is still a fierce and unmanageable brute, and is left pretty much alone. As the proprietor says: "There are trained lions, but

never tame ones."

So far there has been no competition, this being the only lion faim in the world. Nor do neighbors show a disposition to "crowd"

it. A visitor would not care to stay overnighq in the place, despite

stout wire enclosures. The roaring alone would shatter his nerves.

Whatever their uses, one would not care to have a lion for a bedfellow.

M. Gay is a Frenchman, lean, and long of limb. He has a

swarthy complexion, gleaming teeth, and an arresting eye. Evidently

he is not afraid of lions. Kipling, in his Jungle Book tellsi us that

all wild animals fear the human eye. The intelligence back of it cows

them. The one exception is the maneating tiger. Occasionally he

can look a man in the eye, and on that day he makes his kill. But

the other animals do not like it when the tiger is manhungry, for after a death come other men beating the brush and bringing the "red flower"(fire), of which all of the jungle folk are afraid.

An African lion attacks from the front, usually tearing at a man's chest. We saw a trainer put half a dozen lions* through their paces

872 IMPROVEMENT ERA

at one of the parks. He carried his arm in a sling. Six weeks before

a sulky brute had leaped at him. With the lion's paws crushing his

ribs, he had forced his fist down the beast's throat, while the lion's teeth closed on his forearm.

One suspects that Charles Gay has> seen Algeria, if not the African

Congo. He was doubtless a wild animal trainer before he took up

the more peaceful occupation of raising lions. He is assisted by his

English wife.

M. Gay wears stiff leather leggings and armlets while putting

the beasts through their paces, for he says, "The more they like you, the more they bite you."Rather a peculiar way of showing affection!

"Gay's Lion Farm,"located at El Monte, fifteen miles northeast of Los Angeles, reminds one of the South African veldt. It is surrounded by a roughhewn picket fence surmounted by sharpened

orangecolored staves. The lowlying house of African architecture is

embedded in strange, exoticlooking tropical foliage. Doors are of

heavy oak planks bound together with gleaming copper bands. Spacious interiors disclose capacious fireplaces and queerly designed rugs;

one sinks into deepcushioned seats. All is lighted with Oriental floor

lamps of dull gold.

The walls are adorned with trophies of the chase, heads of antelope x, zebra, and panther, interspersed with the crude war implements of the canabalistic tribes of the dark continent. Across the long center table

sprawls an immense lion skin with ferociouslooking head. Even the

dead animals are worth something, for a welldressed pelt brings about $400. Even we whites like to prove the prowess of our hunters by

hanging lion skins on our library walls, or stumble over fierce looking heads, with jaws agape, on our floors.

The present lion farm was first opened to the public last July.

A year ago its few acres were nothing but a plowed field. Even in so

short a time the jungle has closed in on trees and cocoanut, it—pepper

rubber and date palms, perfumeexuding magnolia and yellow Scotch broom, butterfly bush and cacti. A strutting purple peacock lends an

exotic note of color.

On entering the stockade the first lion that greets the visitor is little "Mary Christmas"in an elevated cage. She was born last Christmas day. She was not named "Santa Claus"because "she was not

that kind of a lion,"so the keeper says. She resembles a mangy dog

and looks quite old in the face. The other two cubs of the triplets

were killed by the mother when they were born. Mary was taken

away from her, and, like the waif in Great Expectations, has been raised "by hand."She dutifully imbibes goat's milk and lime water,

warmed, out of a bowl every few hours.

The lions at the farm eat a horse a day. This is another use

for the fa st disappearing equine of the southwest, for the horse promises

LION FARMING 873

to vanish a second time from the North American continent. Variety

in diet is furnished with a mule or a- goat. Lions are distinctly carnivorous, but those born and raised in captivity, on a milk diet, amdist

the society of man, are more docile than the imported variety.

Left: The original of the MetroGoldwyn-Mayer trademark. A blackmaned Nubian

lion from the north of Africa.

Right: Lion "kittens,"playful and milkfed. "Nelly,""Kelly"and "Mary

Christmas."

Leaving Mary, who can be fondled like a kitten, we pass to the enclosure housing the fewmonths-old youngsters. These look and act

like clumsy St. Bernard dogs. They sharpen their teeth on tree trunks,

gambol and play like destructive puppies. When they pinch M. Gay

be lifts them by their tails, and sends them sprawling in another direction. A runt, misnamed "Hercules,"was stepped on by his

mother and had to have a slit sewed up in his side. "He is not quite

recovered but entirely spoiled,"says his keeper.

The two show lions that have taken part in most of the animal pictures are housed together. There is the blackmaned Nubian lion

that furnished the trade mark for the MetroGoldwyn-Mayer productions. With him is Numa, high priced movie star. These two

lions probably furnished the holocaust backstage in the production of He Who Gets Slapped. Whenever they are "on location,"their

trainer accompanies them. Though visibly annoyed by an aeroplane

874 IMPROVEMENT ERA

doing stunts overhead, he put them through their paces. Mrs. Gay

lay on the ground while Numa twice walked over her prostrate form.

Her husband wielded a whip while he held a threepronged javelin in the other hand "for emergencies."

None of the shivering tourists availed himself of the trainer's invitation to "come in and let the lion walk over you."The Mayer

lion mounted a stump and extended his paws, right and left, as per request, enforced by the whip.

In an adjacent field, with a high wire fence extending inwardly, so the agile brutes cannot leap over it, are the young stock which have been raised in specimens these. A lion reaches captivity—magnificent

maturity at about five years, but does not attain his full growth until about eight years of age. They gain in weight at the rate of about a

hundred pounds a year, though the most growth seems to come during the second year. A fouryear-old lion will weigh about 400 pounds,

a fiveyear lion about 500 pounds, a sixyear-old lion 600 pounds and still have two years to grow.

These lions eat out of Mr. Gay's hand, will lick his hair, giving

it a rough shampoo (if given the opportunity) and will let him ride on their backs. Agra measured nine feet when he stood on his hind legs by

the side of his trainer. Tarzan, one of this group, was so named

because he was born while they were working with the picture, "Tarzan of the Apes."Among these was* the fiveyear-old mother of

"Mary Christmas."It is from this enclosure that the great bellowing

comes. I Nearby is a pair of surly and uncertain temper. A railing is

built around their domicile so the visitor will not come too close.

In the outbuildings are iron cages where the lions, for various reasons, are put into solitary confinement, like bad prisoners. Occupying the first three cages is Ulysses, a famous and handsome movie

actor, the father of much of the young stock. He it was whom Mabel

Normand led around on a string, thinking it was a dog, in one of her comedies.

In the next cage was a lioness with her three fiveday-old cubs the size of rabbits. She viewed the overseer with smoldering, malevolent eyes, perhaps thinking he had come for her young. The baby

lions are usually taken away from the mother at from six to eight weeks. They get the mother into another cage and let down the hatch,

before they dare remove them.

In another building droops somnolent "Twilight,"the ancestor of most of the lions on the place. She is "sweet sixteen,"albeit a

greatgrandmother. Lions are considered old at 25 years, although

some attain a ripe 35.

Lions inclined to be quarrelsome are shut up. These cages

connect with the different enclosures by means of runways, and they

LION FARMING 875

can be let out by the opening of trap doors, without the attendant going among them. Nine of these lions in a group represented an

investment of $30,000.

In a spacious garden are the yearlings, like Newfoundland dogs, but more agile. When a year old, the trained lion tender* begins to

1, their special characteristics.know the temper of his charges

"No two lions are alike,"he will tell you.

We pass a sylvan summer house with inviting seats of hewn logs, a la Krugerland, and come upon the smaller stockade of the twoyear- olds. Its verdure is encased in wire netting against their claws. Thev

are as large as calves, and much solider. They look ferocious enough.

The keeper pats the straggly mane of one of them and informs us proudly that "He has six years yet to grow."

It begins to rain and we are disappointed that we cannot have our pictures taken "with the lions."It is also five o'clock and the animals'

dinner time. As we have conceived quite a good opinion of lions, it

is just as well that we do not stop and see them eat.

Honesty

when Humans in general are honest—fundamentally honest—especially

given a fair chance and placed on their honor.

True, there are rascals in business, in clubs, even in chu rebec, but such persons are in the minority.

In some cities newspapers are distributed daily in open receptacles on corners where the traffic is the heaviest, the publishers depending on customers to help themselves and to leave the proper amount of money in exchange. Rarely is this confidence violated.

At Pacific Beach in Southern California, close to the paved highway, is an open front building. On a counter extending the full length of

the room, every day in the year, are bouquets and baskets of everlasting flowers. Each bouquet and basket is plainly marked with a price tag.

A large printed sign instructs the customers to take what they want and leave the money in a sealed jar provided for the purpose. This wayside

"Flowerateria"has done a thriving business for more than two years. The

owners say that the traveling public pay conscientiously for what they take and the money is deposited as effectively as if they remained in person to look after the sales which on some holidays have amounted to as much

as fifty dollars.

By this is proved that dishonesty is not nearly so prevalent as the pessimist would have us believe.

San Diego, Calif. D. C. RETSLOFF.

A RIVER OF REDHOT ROCK* By Lee N. Taylor

I have just returned from one of the most aweinspiring sights

I have ever a river of redhot rock. seen—

There were twelve of us in, the party, all missionaries. We all

went steerage. A steerage fare entitles one to standing room on the

deck, and a bed upon the deck, without under supports or covers.

It was: rather a hard night for some of the seasick boys, but we all

survived. We landed at Napoopoo, Hawaii, my old stamping grounds,

after thirtysix hours aboard boat, and spent another hard night trying to find a place where the boards werei softer.

The morning after our stay at Napoopoo we were up before our alarm clock brayed (Kona nightingales here; back home known as

mountain canaries), and off to see the flow. We had previously

hired one car, and it with the Kona mission Ford furnished means of transportation. After some thirty miles of travel we arrived at the

scene of action. The flow had crossed the road two days before our

arrival, cutting a huge swath through the heavy growth of trees, and descending upon an ancient Hawaiian village, it destroyed house, pig, tree and government wharf, and filled the small bay where the Hawaiians landed their boats with a steaming, smoking maelstrom of exploding rock and cooked fish. We were just too late to see the descent of the

first flow. Near the road the lava had cooled sufficiently to allow

a hasty passage over the six or seven hundred yards of rudely piled clinkers. However, the rocks six inches under the surface were too

hot for a thickly protected hand and there were spots that glowed whitehot under heavy, grayish ash. At night all the aforementioned

furnaces became iridescent. Avoiding the places that were discolored

a dirty white, and running away from cracks emitting heat waves, we all reached the opposite side. Roll was called, and other than our

shoes looking like a trip with the family pup as persuader and our seat of fear badly upset, we were all right and ready after a few minutes breath to set out to see the new flow.

A great number of people had preceded us, and had left an uncertain trail through the virgin forest. We followed the trail as best

we could for some two or three miles (it is hard to estimate distance correctly under the stress with which we labored), but then lost it somehow. Pushing forward to the smoke clouds we were all startled

by a loud crash and, peering through the undergrowth, saw trees falling and burning before the irresistible march of nature's tank. For a

*A letter to President Frank Y. Taylor and family from a missionary son in

Honolulu, Oahu, April 27, 1926.

A RIVER OF RED HOT ROCK 877

few moments we were just about paralyzed. We were caught between

the old and the new flow!

There is something about a lava flow that would make the most unemotional person lose his equipoise. There isn't anything that

can be done about it. Mr. McWayne, rancher, upon whose land the

lava flow was working depredation, could not even make his loss overshadow his appreciation of nature's power. Seeing that mass of

nature's vomit certainly made me feel small, of little consequence. In

Italy they all run away from lava flows, but Madam Pele, goddess of

Hawaiian volcanoes, has such a reputation for the supernatural sparing of human life that everyone in Hawaii declares a holiday and goes to see her miss houses of righteous livers and destroy those of evil doers.

At one time she covered many thousand acres of land to teach the owner of the gambling dens a lesson. After such a past, it is no

wonder the owners of homes in the small village delayed until the flow was at their very backs. The suspense being great enough to

continue, we decided the position we were in might prove uncomfortable, and so proceeded to change as rapidly as the choked growth would permit. The flow had just about shot its bolt, for which we

were grateful. We ran around the front of the flow and got on the

safe side from the vantage point of the old 1916 flow; we watched

Madam Pele at the firing line. The flow was not moving very fast

and was not molten in front. The part exposed to the air was a bluegray color and looked a great deal like a recently removed clinker.

The heavy stuff would crowd forward from the rear and push the front higher until almost a perpendicular wall, when the top would topple away, run sluggishly ahead, burning everything in its path, but cooling quickly and forming the foundation for another pileup. It

was truly a wonderful sight to see the walls twenty or thirty feet high begin to break away and suddenly rush forward leaving a whitehot mass that quickly turned gray. It is just as difficult for an amateur

writer to describe the scene as it would be for one unacquainted with the brush to place it upon canvas. i

The aforementioned flow we saw in action stopped within a few hundred yards of where we saw it. Latest reports say that Madam

Pele has again gone on vacation or back into mother earth to stir up another flaming cauldron.

Tearing ourselves away from the volcano goddess'latest effort, we descended along the trail to the state highway, recrossed the old flow after old sol had lava flow's only rival in brightness. departed—the

There was so much smoke in the air that it veiled the face of the sun and turned it into a bloodred ball with a filmy trace of clouds moving across its very reddest sun I have ever seen, sometimes surface—the

it seemed to darken into a purple. After dark we. could see patches of

fire every place and it made us wonder why we had crossed that furnace. As the sun sank farther below the Pacific the glowing spots

878 IMPROVEMENT ERA

grew brighter and caused shadows all around us. There was a great

red glow far up the mountain side and once in every little while there would be a flame shoot high into the air. The lava fountains playing

fifteen miles away made light enough to enable one to pick out objects half a mile away. While we were standing watching, the earth began

to tremble and we felt a very severe quake. Was it worth it? Four

nights upon hard floors would make one question the worth of most any trip, but there is no doubt in my mind as to its worth.

Honolulu. Oahu..

When You Kissed Your Father GoodNight

We sometimes laugh at his antique ways

And may smile as we hear him talk;

When he comes indoors with his tongue ablaze,

We learn why you don your frock.

On Contention's stream it is hard, we know,

To feel that he treats you right;

But, did ever you dream of the Longago,

When you kissed your Father "GoodNight?"

At times, when the little ones hug his knee,

Note the joy creep into his face;

Remember the mirth of the Usedto-Be,

When you stood in the same old place,

Then, one fine hair of your baby head,

Not all in the world could buy;

Then, he craved your love and his soul was fed

By the light in your soft blue eye.

His words may be sharp, but, what of that?

So are yours to his keen old ears;

Though his bright orbs flash 'neath his workday hat

Don't think that they can't shed tears.

When the garnish of sin pollutes your brow,

You don't see how his big eyes fill;

But they saw you then and they see you now,

And see you, they always will.

When your fiveinch collar has wilted down

And your pockets are inside out,

And the friendly smile has become a frown

Since Misfortune begins to sprout;

What fairer picture can meet the eye,

Reflected by Mem'ry's light, Than the wrinkled face of the days gone by,

When you kissed your Father "GoodNight?"

Walter P. Emmett.

Ogden, Utah.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS "Whoso receiveth you receiveth me; and the same will feed you and clothe

you, and give you money. And he who feeds you or clothes you, or gives you

money, shall in nowise lose his reward."

Prospects Good in NorwayPresident Martin Christopherson of the Norwegian mission, after a visit of the various conferences, reports that the prospects in that mission are exceptionally good at this time. The saints are faithfully living their

religion; and the auxiliary organizations are functioning encouragingly. The

choirs of Oslo, Bergen and Trondhjem conferences are doing especially good work in making the meetings interesting with their* beautiful music. "Our

meetings are well attended, both by saints and friends.; Nineteen souls have

been added to our number since the first part of the year, and we have good prospects for more. The Improvement Era is a welcome visitor all the time."

CHOIR OF THE HAUGESUND BRANCH, BERGEN CONFERENCE

Ministers Becoming Interested The Albany Spring conference of the Eastern States, held at Binghamton,

New York, April 25, was addressed by President B. H. Roberts, and during

the conference all the missionaries were heard in testimony. The gospel

message is finding lodgment in the hearts of many investigators and several have been recently added to the Church. Four were confirmed members

at conference, and one baby blessed. Interest is being aroused among

sectarian ministers of Binghamton, and several exceptional opportunities have been afforded our missionaries to bear testimony. At a. prayer meeting of

the Plymouth Congregational church, elders and lady missionariess were in attendance and accepted the invitation to participate. Elder Clement Hilton

bore testimony of the divinity of Christ and the restoration of the gospel in this dispensation. He explained the value of the Book of Mormon as a

880 IMPROVEMENT ERA

witness for 1 Christ and his teachings and as coming forth to stem the current of unbelief that is prevalent today. Interest was aroused by those present and

a further hearing is being arranged for by the board of directors. Two

Baptist ministers visited the room of Elders Hilton and Gardner and the result was a long discussion of "Mormonism."The elders explained the

views of our Church, and took lead in the| conversation. Assignments for

the Summer work were made for the missionaries, three of whom, Sister

Vera Pfost and Elders L. Ammon Hunt and Fay B. Syphus, are attending

mission school. Leo S. Holbrook, conference president.

MISSIONARIES ALBANY CONFERENCE

Front row: Left to right: Mildred Peterson, Zina Kunz; Leo S. Holbrook, conference president; B. H. Roberts, mission president; Alda Fugar; Vera Pfost. Middle

row: Rollin E. Gardner; Rollo W. Lyman, released; Richard A. Pearce; James T.

Pyper, released; Denton C. Black; Robert H. Redford; Clement Hilton. Back row:

Fay B. Syphus; Roy J. Barlow; Don Q. Crowther; L. Ammon Hunt; Walter L.

Marlcy, released.

San Jose Holds Missionary Conference

The regular semiannual Missionary Conference was held in San Jose

Saturday and Sunday, May 8 and 9, beginning with a Priesthood meeting

Saturday morning. Mission President Joseph W. McMurrin was in attendance, and his counsel and instructions were appreciated by all. Many

strong testimonies were borne and interesting experiences related by missionaries and visitors. The San Jose Relief Society served a sumptuous banquet

to some thirty guests on Saturday afternoon. Saturday evening the M. I.

A. presented a very entertaining play, entitled "An Old Fashioned Mother."

Three general sessions of the conference were held on Sunday. After 29

months of effective and faithful service, Sister Irene Willis has been released.

The work is progressing in this conference, with the various branches active.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 881

We have placed many Books of Mormon and made many new friends in the past two logical sequence being: Friends, then Investigators, months—the

then Members. Elder Stephen L. Chipman of American Fork, Utah, a capable leader, president of the Alpine stake of Zion, is now presiding over the

San Jose conference. Dycie J. Law.

? y ir f |

Li Av.

'*> ** % #'* % JS1 JIMISSIONARIES OF SAN JOSE CONFERENCE y

Bottom row, left to right: Dycie J. Law; Morris J. Martell; Joseph W. McMurrin,

president California mission; Stephen L. Chipman, conference president; Irene Willis.

Second row: George E. Miller, Paul A. Dahl, Leander S. Harris, Alphonzo M.

Davis, Sister Mary E. Shore. Third row: Charles Omen, Loyal Carter, Daniel

Corry, J. Alton Nielson, Arthur Shore.

New Zealand Mission Holds "Hui Tail"

The "Hui Tau,"or annual conference, of the New Zealand mission, the first in two years, was held April 2, 3, and 4, 1926, at Nuhaka, Hawkes

Bay, 550 miles from mission headquarters, Auckland. Nuhaka is the home

of Hirini Whaanga, the venerable old chief who, with his wife, Mere, labored many years in the Salt Lake Temple. While making the twodays'

journey to the conference city, we viewed Ngaruhoe, New Zealand's active volcano, and the beautiful bush of Ohakune, and passed by auto over the "devil's elbow,"a mountain road 1600 feet above the river, Waikare.

Extensive preparations for the "Hui Tau"began in the early Spring (Utah's Fall) by the planting of kumeras, potatoes, melons, etc., and by

preserving fruit as it became ripe. Raupo, or rushes, were cut and dried for

beds, and during the last week of March three large tents were raised: a

dining tent 100 feet by 60 feet, with a seating capacity of 450 diners; and

two sleeping tents, each 50 feet in diameter, with accommodations for 600 guests. Beds were prepared in the meeting house by the Relief Society sisters

for 57 of the elders. The food provided for the four days consisted of the

882 IMPROVEMENT ERA

following: 5 tons of potatoes and kumeras, 11 steers, 40 sheep, 20 pigs,

besides many chickens, ducks, geese, shell and other kinds of fish in large quantities, with an abundance of "puha"and cabbage.

Meetings were held in the Nuhaka branch recreational hall, a reinforced concrete building that cost the Church and local people about $25,000, in which more than 600 were comfortably seated. President J. Howard Jenkins presided and gave the opening conference address, exhorting the people

to stand in holy places after the remission of their sins by baptism. This

became the theme of the many spirited talks by missionaries and local elders.

During the intervals of the nine regular 1 conference sessions, special meetings of the Relief Society were held under the direction of Cora S. Jenkins,

mission president of Relief Societies, as well as special meetings of elders, conference committee, school board, etc. Fiftyeight bore their testimonies

at the evening meeting on April 3. Sunday morning, April 4, a model Sunday

school was conducted by Elder William C. Carr, superintendent of mission

Sunday schools; and on Sunday evening the conference closed with a Mutual

Improvement meeting, conducted by Elder Leslie D. Burbidge, superintendent

of mission Mutuals.

The 1927 "Hui Tau,"by invitation of the Maori king and his people, will be held at Ngaruwahia, Howard Jenkins, president New Waikato.—J.

Zealand mission.

ELDERS AT HUI TAU, NUHAKA, NEW ZEALAND, 1926 (See opposite page) Sitting, left to right: Peter Kelly; Marion K. Everton, editor Te Karere; John

W. Dewey; Lester S. Thomson, president Poverty Bay conference; Julian S. Oviatt;

Donna, Barbara and Marion Jenkins; Ralph R. Stevenson, president Bay of Islands

conference; J. Lyman, Lloyd; William C. Carr, president Otago conference; Emron

M. Birch; S. Paul Stewart. Second row: John Watene; Alvin A. Davis: Wesley

Crouch; Ralph M. Skinner; Lindsey K. Thomas; Joseph L. Pierson, mission

secretary; J. Howard Jenkins, mission president; Cora S. Jenkins, president mission

Relief Societies; Wayne T. Wiser, president Auckland conference, Master John

Jenkins; Dwight Z. Ward; C. Derral Bybee; Grant S. Stark; Clifford G. Knight.

Third row: Tumanako Reihania; Rupert Wi Hongi; Roland H. Mortensen; William

T. Ogden, Jr.; LeRoy B. Jex; Arnel J. Talbot, president Hauraki conference;

LcRoy Westover; E. Lester Brown; Leonard M. Wayment; Eldred L. Braithwaite;

Irvin W. Eyre, president Wairarapa conference; Clarence L. Rasmussen, president

Taranaki conference; Golden J. Webster; Rex Christensen. Fourth row: Tuhaka

Mcllroy; Conrad C. Doney; A. Wright Grant; Owen T. Bringhurst, secretary M. A.

college; Albert E. Sells, principal M. A. college; Joseph Hale; W. Floyd Ahlstrom:

Edward L. Hancock; George R. Henderson; Perry V. Hinkley; H. Lester Peterson,

president Wellington conference;* Ezra H. Anderson, president Mahia conference; A.

Reed Halverson, president Hawkes Bay conference. Top row: Apiata Meha; Marvin

M. Neeley; David H. Greenwood; Thomas W. Hickman, president Manawatu

conference; R. Wayne Taylor; Lloydj H. Redford; G. Lyle Palmer, president Wairau

conference; Halvor T. Johnson; J. Rulon Hansen; Stanley C. Kimball; Edward D.

Hoggan; Leslie D. Burbidge, president Waikato conference.

Seventeen Baptisms in Two Months

Dale L. Lee, conference president of the Southern Illinois conference,

reports progress in that district through the diligent work of the missionaries. Seventeen baptisms have been performed during the last two months.

On May 9 conference was held at Springfield, Illinois, attended by a large number of friends and investigators, besides many saints who came from various portions of the conference. President John H. Taylor delivered

three instructive discourses on the doctrines of the Church. Elders bore

*. R

* 1 w

flL m ong Z> *) 2m00 5 8MQM >H ** dd jw JECi—1:

4a b) * <** <<> 1 It; '3,; <i

s| f\aB. V,j

;>ZGX Zm 3 fN 10 'I "j? ta>r>z; n |p '!r '11 *

K> OS '"* b anal IP ''*"** If jjjgj jjnM H f 'anw 884 IMPROVEMENT ERA

fervent testimonies to the truth of the restored gospel, and went to their country work with renewed zeal.

J t f 1 t 1 *'1 m;

I"frf %Til t* 7 tf # 7h

iji JflF t|*

...

V'.'.,'v,'.;--

ta...

MISSIONARIES OF SOUTHERN ILLINOIS CONFERENCE

Top row, left to right: J. S. Hopkins, R. E. Yorgarson, T. R. Larson, A.

N. Johnson, H. Y. Yergerson, W. R. Mellor, Glen Reese. Sitting: Willis - A.

Fawns; Oren C. Fuller, mission secretary; John H. Taylor, president Northern States

mission; Dale L. Lee, president Southern Illinois conference; R. V. Reeder.

San Francisco Conference Convenes

The San Francisco semiannual conference convened in Oakland, May 14, 15 and 16, with 1285 persons in attendance at the Sunday sessions.

Among the distinguished visitors were Mission President Joseph W. McMurrin, wife and daughter, Lucile, President Stephen L. Chipman of the

San Jose conference, and President Earl Crowthers of the Nevada conference.

Miss Lucile McMurrin gave two impressive scriptural readings from the

Bible during the sessions on Sunday. All branch presidents gave encouraging

reports of local conditions in the branches of the conference. We have in

this conference three thousand saints, in seven fully! organized branches, and

three independent Sunday schools, together with twenty missionaries. The

work of the Lord is growing in this section of California, and every conference finds the saints on a firmer foundation than before. We wish toexpress our appreciation for the Improvement Era.—David A. Hacmore, conference president.

Southern Sweden Holds Conference

Axel R. Johnson, Helsingborg, Sweden, writes: "We have just finished

our Spring conference in Malmo, Sweden. The work is going forward with

better and better impetus every day. Many who have heard the gospel before,

and have forgotten it for other things in life, are now awakening to the fact that they are here for a higher purpose than to eat, sleep and be merry.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 885

Many of them are investigating the gospel again in real earnest. Also many

who have never heard the gospel before are very enthusiastic over the message as taught by the Latterday Saints. We feel encouraged over the outlook, and

are sure of good results in our work. The photograph shows Mission

President John H. Anderson and the missionaries laboring in the Malmo

conference.

Sitting, left to right: John Malmstrom, Murray; Mission President John H. Anderson, Logan. Standing: John Stromberg, Eureka; Milford H. Jensen, Smithfield,

Utah; Axel R. Johnson, Burley, Idaho; Axel M. Fors, Kavlinge, Sweden, conference

president.

Book of Mormon a ConvertGetter

Orin C. Fuller, secretary of the Northern States mission, reports that

the missionaries of the Ohio district, meeting in conference on March 6 and 7 at Columbus, Ohio, reported that they had been very successful in selling

Books of Mormon to the people. "The Book of Mormon,"he continues,

"is our great convertgetter: so we all feel that we are enjoying success

in our labors."

Elder Joseph Fielding Smith in the Northcentral

States Mission Elder Raymond L. Allen, conference president, Regina, Saskatchewan,

Canada, reports that Elder Joseph Fielding Smith recently toured the Northcentral States mission, and that they had a visit from him and President

J. G. Allred on the 19th of March. Elder Smith was the first of the Twelve

to visit Regina since the South Saskatchewan conference was opened. The

admonitions of the brethren were a spiritual feast, indeed, to the many who heard them. Wc have eight elders working here, and have meO with great

success. Last Summer two elders put out an average of fifty Books of

Mormon every month. The people's hearts here are open for the truth, and

the harvest is sure to be a large one.

886 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ELDERS OF SOUTH SASKATCHEWAN CONFERENCE

Front low, left to right: Ben W. Harding, Malad, Idaho; J. G. Allred, mission

president; Elmer M. Ririe, Magrath, Alberta; Joseph Fielding Smith, Council of

the Twelve; R. T. Reynolds, Mt. Pleasant, Utah; James Bronsen, Jr., Burley, Idaho;

Raymond L. Allen, conference president, Richmond, Utah. Back row: Carl J.

Sorenson, Murray, Utah; Albert Isfield, Edenwold, Saskatchewan; V. Knetchel, Moose

Jaw, Canada; G. G. Whyte, Regina, Canada; Joseph F. Finch, Eureka, Utah; Geo.

Alleman, Jr., Bern, Idaho.

ELDERS OF SOUTH CAROLINA CONFERENCE, SOUTHERN STATES

MISSION Standing, left to right: Owen W. West, Lorenzo Ward, Jesse Farr, Morris T.

Bunnell, Leland C. Murri, C. C. Toone, Alan E. Brockbank, H. G. Tempest, Vearl

Lines, John M. Rider, Evan J. Larson, Jesse A. Clement, Reuben Birch, Robert

Winn, Loyal H. Cole and D.. R. LeBaron. Sitting, left to right: Lorenzo Day,

Osborne Low, Ezra F. Walker, Sister Geo. F. Richards, George F. Richards, of the

Council of the Twelve; President Charles A. Callis, Conference President T. Joseph

Steed, A. W. Ossmen, and John A. Hunt. Front row, left to right: Willard J.

Anderson, William J. Beaus, Ralph A. Sheffield, Burton R. Scott and A. J. Plumb.

Editors'Table

The June Conference The great annual conference of the Young Men's and Young

Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations, held in Salt Lake City,

June 11 to 13, was attended by numerous representatives from practically every stake of Zion. Los Angeles contributed 700 people,

among them a chorus of 117 M Men and Gleaner Girls, their singing being a leading feature of the conference. Maricopa, Arizona,

sient 50. The meetings held on Friday and Saturday were full of

practical instructions for the officers, and featured the departments of the organization, including the Scout and Junior, Senior, Advance

Senior and Recreation divisions. The treatment of the theme, "What

are the outstanding needs of the young people of the Church, and how can the M. I. A. best meet them?"was new and attractive and

aroused many excellent suggestions and, we hope, thoughts upon the subject. The contests among choruses, quartettes, public speaking,

trios, orchestras, were unusually interesting and created many favorable comments. The visit to the new and brilliant Saltair was greatly

enjoyed. The Sunday sessions in the Tabernacle and Assembly Hall

were real feasts. A wonderful testimony meeting was held at 8:30

in the morning and a joint officers'session at 10:30 a. m., at which

Dr. John A. Widtsoe spoke on the new slogan, which was then

adopted, "We stand for a testimony of the divine mission of Joseph

Smith;"and Bishop Sylvester Q. Cannon spoke entertainingly upon

"Maintaining M. I. A. Standards."In the afternoon, at 2 o'clock,

the general session was presided over by President Anthony W. Ivins,

President Heber J. Grant, everybody regretted, being unable to attend

on account of illness. The house was packed in the evening at the

general session, the theme for the evening being the general motto of the organization, "The Glory of God is Intelligence,"upon which

President Anthony W. Ivins gave an inspirational discourse, following a special ceremony upon the theme with musical setting. The

evening session was a joint one of the Mutuals and the Primary organizations, which latter also held their conference during the same days.

The August number of the Improvement Era will contain some of the speeches, with illustrations of the choruses and other participants in the contest numbers. Information concerning the contest numbers and the winners is found in this issue of the Era.—A.

EDITORS* TABLE 889

M. I. A. Reading Course 192627

There are four books on the M. I. A. Reading Course this season.

The list follows:

The Book of Mormon; by mail, 50c.

Prophecies of Joseph Smith and Their Fulfilment, by Nephi L. Morris;

by mail, $1.50.

Hugh Wynne, a novel, by S. Weir Mitchell; $1.2 5; by mail, $1.3 5.

Wild Life in the Rockies, by Enos A. Mills; $2.50; by mail, $2.60.

Full set delivered, $5.50. Remittance must accompany orders. The Deseret

Book Company, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah, P. O. Box 1793,

are handling the course.

Since the year 1927 marks the one hundredth anniversary of the delivery of the plates to Joseph Smith, the Prophet, this is a very opportune time to have the Book of Mormon placed upon the Reading Course. There will be special interest and desire by all the

members of the M. I. A. to read the wonderful contents of this sacred

record.

Taking into account the fact that the slogan of the M. I. A.

for this year, 192627, is, "We stand for a testimony of the divine mission of Joseph Smith,"a study of his prophecies and their fulfilment is of vital importance to all students of the slogan, in that it will tend to bring a testimony to the individual concerning this vital subject. This book is especially adapted for strengthening the testimony

of the reader on the divine mission of the prophet.

The year 1926 marks the one hundred fiftieth anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence. Hugh Wynne, the novel,

by S. Weir Mitchell, gives a thrilling insight into the conditions that

preceded this great epoch in the history of the world, and will be read by young people with keen interest.

To the Scouts and to the Advanced Junior men, a study of the

Wild. Life in the Rockies will have immediate and important attractiveness.

The Reading Course this year should be an alluring study for every member of the organization. The spiritual nature of the

community will be awakened and strengthened through the slogan on obtaining a testimony of the divine mission of the Prophet Joseph

Smith. Through the study of the Book of Mormon and the prophecies

of the Prophet, this testimony will be given birth and grow. Light

on the struggle for the precious liberty we enjoy will come from the novel. Love of nature will be strengthened by reading Wild

Life in the Rockies. Systematic reading fifteen or twenty minutes

a day will accomplish wonders, and will be an education in itself in the three important subjects: religion, history, and nature study, pronow—thisvided in themonth.—A.Reading Course for 192627. Let us begin to read

890 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The SesquiCentennial In May of this year, Philadelphia opened a celebration known as the "sesquicentennial,"in honor of the one hundred fiftieth anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence. On the

15th of May, 1776, Congress voted that all British authority in the country ought to be suppressed. Following that action, a little later,

committees were appointed to draft the declaration and to prepare articles of confederation. The Declaration of Independence, chiefly

in the words of Thomas Jefferson of Virginia, was finally adopted on

July 4, 1776.

The Philadelphia Exposition commemorates the rise of this Nation and brings to the world a view of its progress in the last century and a half. It is the birthday of the United States that is being

celebrated. The exposition not only shows the growth of our Nation, but witnesses that many other nations have taken advantage

of the "sesquicentennial"to show their own growth. It brings

together the striking evidences of accomplishment in leading lines of endeavor in many nations of the earth.

The Declaration of Independence, in which the Thirteen American colonies declared their liberty, was signed at Philadelphia, the spot where our Nation had its birth; hence, it is quite appropriate that

the hundred fiftieth anniversary of its signing should be celebrated there.

While the present exposition has not been widely advertised, nor received other great publicity; nevertheless, it is believed that many

millions of people will visit the exposition before it closes in November. Undoubtedly much good will come to the visitors and to the

world because of it.

In view of the auspicious occasion, it is quite appropriate that the youth of the land should learn about the conditions that caused

1 of this country from the motherthe revolution, separating the people nation. It is a good time to study the history of our country, to

gain a knowledge of the causes that created the Declaration of Independence. It is a fitting time to become informed on the value

of the liberty that is ours and which, through this nation, came to the world, through the experience and suffering of the signers of the

Declaration of Independence and the inhabitants of the thirteen original states. It is an opportune chance to review the past, and to learn

the lessons of sacrifice that the founders suffered in order that we might have the liberty that we now enjoy. It ought to give us renewed loyalty to our government and a stronger determination to support the principles and laws underlying our liberty and independence.

In this connection, the Reading Course this year for the M. I. A.

contains a novel which elucidates with great interest some of the conditions that existed prior to the Declaration of Independence, show- A

EDITORS'TABLE 891

ing how families became separated; how people who were friends

sided, either with the king or with the country; turmoils through

which they had to pass in order that liberty might be born. We

hope that all our young people will read Hugh Wynne; it will give

them information that will enhancetheir interest in the thrilling history of our beloved country.—

M. I. A. Slogan for 192627

"WE STAND FOR A TESTIMONY OF THE DIVINE MISSION OF

JOSEPH SMITH."

In other words, we declare and maintain that the commission and delegation of Joseph Smith, the Prophet, to perform the service which he did in the earth, emanated from God, and hence his was a sacred and holy calling.

What was the mission of Joseph Smith, to which he was called by the Father and the Son?

It was to establish the Church of Christ upon the earth at a time when, according to the word of the Lord, men had gone estray. The

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, in itself and in its history, is an evidence that the service of the Prophet Joseph was divine. Because of his calling and instruction of the Lord, Joseph was able to

state marvelous truths not heretofore understood, and which truths neither ancestry nor schooling did or could give him; they could come

only from a divine source.

How is the divine mission of Joseph shown in the work which he did and the truths he revealed?

He testified of the personality of God and of his Son and of the Holy Ghost; that God has revealed himself to man in the day

! in thein which we live; that there was no divine authority

churches at the time of his calling; that, through the call of God,

the Father, and his Son Jesus Christ, and the ministry of heavenly messengers, authority was given to Joseph to act in the name of God.

How may this testimony be obtained?

A testimony of Joseph's divine mission may be received through prayer and the inspiration of the Holy Ghost; and it may become a

it through rightreality and be retained in the lives of all who seek living. Individuals who are not members of the Church are required

to repent, be baptized, and receive, under the hands of the authorized elders, the gift of the Holy Ghost. Persons already in the Church

possess that gift, and through clean and righteous living are entitled to be, and will be, led to know, by the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, that Joseph's mission was divine.

Joseph was led to teach practical ways that men and women may. A

892 IMPROVEMENT ERA

follow so that the blessings of faith and testimony may come to them.

Evidence of his divine authority, as stated, is found in the Church which he established.

Elder James E. Talmage, of the Council of the Twelve, has

said, in justification of the claims made by and for Joseph the

Prophet:

1 Ancient prophecy has been fulfilled in the restoration of the gospel, and in the reestablishment of the Church of Jesus Christ upon the earth, through his instrumentality.

2. He received by direct ordination and appointment, at the hands of

those who were empowered in former dispensations, the authority to minister in the various ordinances of the gospel.

3. His possession of the power of true prophecy, and of other spiritual

gifts, was abundantly shown by the results of his ministry.

4. The doctrines he taught are both true and scriptural.

Joseph Smith taught God's way of prayer; God's way to health,

to success, to happiness, to perfection and to peace. (Doc. and Cov.

41:3; 89; 59; 45:8; 14:7; 88:7483, 123127.)

Every available method by which one can obtain an individual testimony of the divinity of Jesus Christ may be adopted to obtain a testimony of the divine mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith, and of the great work which he established never more to be thrown down nor to be given to another people.-—

BOOKS

A Study in Hebrew and Indian Languages, by Thomas W. Brookbank

is the title of a pamphlet of twentysix large pages printed by the Salt Lake

Efficiency Printing Company. The object of the author is to show the

similarity between the Hebrew and the Indian languages. To this end a

large number of Illustrations, showing identical forms, or a striking similarity in form, in whole or in part, are given in the work. The similarity between

the two languages is really remarkable, especially when it is considered that the greater part of the North American Indians have had no books of any kind, or alphabetical writings in manuscript form in the long centuries of their history. Hence the greater marvel that more than a chance word here

and there should show any great relationship in any respect or degree to the

Hebrew; even if it were conceded that two thousand five hundred years ago

their forefathers were Hebrews in very deed. The author calls attention to the

changes that have taken place in the English language during the different periods of its history from 1170 to 1892, A. D. The book is well worth

study to those interested in the change of language, and particularly to those interested in the similarity between the Hebrew and the North American

Indian languages as bearing upon the relationship between the Indians and the Hebrews. The examples are largely from standard historical works and

also several words from the Book of Mormon, and one example from The

Pearl of Great Price.

We have received a book of poems, seventyseven in number, entitled

Anchor Poems, by Robert Sparks Walker, and published by Fleming H. Revell

EDITORS'TABLE 893

i Company, New York. The book is dedicated to Wendell, the son of the

author, "because he frequently disagrees with me."Each one of the poems

in the book is headed by a scriptural quotation, which is treated in the poem, the first one being "Let thy words be few."(Ecc. 5:2.) Mr. Walker is

a well known writer and newspaper man of Chattanooga, Tennessee, and has written frequent articles for the Improvement Era. His Anchor Poems

is well named; one cannot go far astray in taking for his text beautiful

passages from the holy Scriptures. The book may be read with profit, not

only by Wendell, his son, but by many young people who are inclined to disagree with anything scriptural. Fleming H. Revell Company, Publishers,

New York.

; The Pioneers

Ever looking toward the evening sunsetsky, westward—ever

Lap by lap, new generations o'er the road go trailing by.

Caravans of prairie schooners with their cumb'rous, heavy load

Blaze the way for those who follow; make for them a westward road.

Ah, the first trail toward the sunset, with its mingled hopes and fears,

Could be traced by bleeding footprints of the sturdy Pioneers.

They, the men of fortyseven braved the hostile Indian bands,

Crossed a continent, unbroken, through the wild untrodden lands.

Night and night the men stood guarding, for the camp might be waylaid

By the fierce and savage Red Man, if his hand should not be stayed.

Oft the horses and the cattle were stampeded in the night,

Tramping down on men or women in their desperate, maddened flight.

the air with lurid flame,When the prairie fires were raging—filled

Then the cries of beasts unheard of stilled their hearts with fears unnamed.

Oft the wind howled through the canvas, rolling in terrific peals,

Stripping shelter from the helpless till the bravest watchman reels.

Then grim cholera claimed its victims, taking gaunt and ghastly toll,

Till the lone graves dot the desert where the sandy billows roll.

Oft the thunders shook the heavens; flashed the lightning's vivid glare,

And the rain came down in torrents, drenching all the earth and air.

Far beyond Missouri's waters, miles on miles of sand dunes tell,

Where are lying by the trailway, whitened bones of beasts that fell.

But those stout hearts ask no no quarter to the foe, quarter—yield

Beast nor scourge nor death can stay them,'lap by lap the Pilgrims go.Pushing through the flood and defile—"Mormon"Road or Or'gon trail,

Bearing westward, toward the evening sunset sky, westward—ever

Men of vision, men of courage, men of faith that cannot fail,

Suns look down upon the Pilgrims—lap by lap a-trailing by.

Tridell, Utah ALICE MORRILL (Priesthood Quorums

New Priesthood the Careless Bulletin—Reconvert

For the information of stake presidencies and ward bishoprics and to encourage stake and ward Aaronic Priesthood committees, the Presiding

Bishopric expect to send out a bulletin after the quarter ending June 30, showing the relative position of the various stakes regarding their Aaronic Priesthood activities. This report will show comparatively the attendance and

activities of the various quorums. To make proper comparisons, therefore,

the quarterly reports should be accurately and thoroughly compiled. Every

person bearing the Aaronic Priesthood in every ward should be accounted for.

In examining the reports for the quarter ending March 31, and in making inquiry in some of the stakes, it appears that some do not account for all who hold the Priesthood, but account for those only who are of the age at which young men are expected to be actively engaged in Aaronic Priesthood duties. To do this makes a false showing which is unfair to those who

comply strictly with the requirements. The purpose of this record is to

enable ward and stake officials to determine how well the Aaronic Priesthood work is being done and to enable them to search out the careless and indifferent ones and arrange for special labors with them, with a view to encouraging them to honor the Priesthood they hold.

It is just as important that we labor with those who are careless and indifferent as it is to encourage those who have an interest in the work and are trying through their efforts to qualify for greater service, and to earn the blessings promised by the Lord. Those who have the spirit of the work will

respond with very little effort, while those who are in darkness because of carelessness, indifference, or other causes, must be labored with patiently and constantly, in a spirit of love and helpfulness. Stake and ward officers

should be untiring in their efforts to reconvert those who are found to be in this condition, for such work is most valuable missionary work. The

Presiding Bishopric of the Church.

The Reason for High Average Attendance

The Highland Park ward, Granite stake, shows an excellent record of the work of the Aaronic Priesthood for the three months ending March 3 1. The

average attendance of members at their quorum meetings during that period was nearly 60% of the total membership. All members of the priests'and

deacons'quorums have attended some class meetings during the three months and only two teachers have not attended any meetings. Nearly 80% of the

total number have lesson outlines. This work is well organized, which

accounts for the progress made.

Supervising Committees

The Ogden stake has an active committee of the High Council in charge of Aaronic Priesthood work. The quarterly report shows that all of the

eleven wards of the stake are organized with supervising committees, under the direction of the bishoprics. The stake committee has made visits to the

Aaronic Priesthood classes in the various ward priesthood meetings practically every week during the quarter.

CyWutual Work

Program of M. I. A. Conventions, 1926

Held in Connection With Regular Quarterly Conferences

July Lethbridge, Lost River. 2425—Curlew,

July 2728—Alberta.

Falls.July 31Aug. 1—Taylor, Twin

Blaine, Wayne, Teton.Aug. 7-8—Big Horn,

Aug. Blackfoot, Idaho Falls, Oneida. 1415—Bannock,

Aug. River, Idaho, Kanab, Portneuf, So. Sanpete. 2122—Bear

Aug. Lake, Garfield, Gunnison, Millard, Panguitch. 2829—Bear

Sept. Juab, Minidoka, Montpelier, Parowan, Raft River, North 1112—Boise,

Sanpete, San Juan.

Sept. 1516—Young.

Sept. Roosevelt, San Luis, Star Valley, Union, St. George. 1819—Duchesne,

Sept. Deseret, Fremont, Hyrum, Morgan, Sevier, Uintah. 2526—Carbon,

Oct. Cassia, North Sevier, Shelley, Tintic, Woodruff, Yellowstone. 1617—Benson,

Oct. Sevier, Summit, Snowflake. 2324—South

Oct. Malad, St. Johns. 3031—Beaver, Emery,

Nov. Maricopa. 6-7—Burley,

Nov. 1314—Juarez.

Nov. Rigby, St. Joseph, Moapa. 2021—Pocatello,

Nov. 2 7-2 Wasatch, Los Angeles. 8—Franklin,

Schedule of Meetings Saturday

Session. 10:00 a. m. to 11:30 a. m.—General

I, A, Stake Executive Officers'Meeting, 10:45 a. m. to 12:30 p. m.—Y. M. M.

Session. 2:00 p. m. to 3:15 p. m.—General

and Separate M. I. A. Stake Board Meetings, 3:15 p. m. to 5:00 p. m.—Joint

I. A. Stake and Ward Committees on Recreation, 7:00 p. m. to 8:3 p. m.—M.

for the entire stake membership. 8:40 p. m. to 10:30 p. m.—Entertainment

Sunday I. A. Stake and Ward Officers and 10:00 a. m. to 12:00 noon—Y. M. M.

Teachers'Meeting.

2:00 to 4:00 p. m. General Quarterly Conference Session.

7:30 p. m. to 9:00 p. I. A. Public Meeting, m.—M.

Instructions and Suggestions The Auxiliary Group Conventions are held in connection with the regularly scheduled quarterly conferences of the stakes holding twoday conferences as provided for by the General Authorities of the Church.

The heads of all auxiliary organizations, both stake and ward, should examine carefully the entire program as provided, and make whatever preparation is necessary or contemplated by the program and as instructed by the

General Boards. They should endeavor to have present at the convention as

many of their workers as can possibly attend.

The general sessions are intended for all members of the stake. It is

hoped that these will be well attended. Oneday conventions will be named

later. 89 6 IMPROVEMENT ERA

SATURDAY MORNING

10:00 a. m. to 11:30 a. m.

General Session 10:45 a. m. to 12:30 p. m.

Y. M. M. I. A. Stake Executive Officers'Meeting

SATURDAY AFTERNOON 2:00 p. m. to 3:15 p. m.

General Session

3:15 p. m. to 5:00 p. m.

M. I. A. Stake Board Meetings

Joint M. 1. A. Stake Board Meeting

1. Advanced Seniors.

Board a. Our Best Advanced Senior Class and Why. It Succeeded—Stake

Representative.

b. The Leader—The Members—The Program—The Method—General Board

Representative.

2. Cooperative Plans for Winning and Holding Members—Stake Board Representative.

3.'Proper Administration of the M. I. A. Joint Work, Associate Members

General Board Representative.

V. M. M. I. A. Stake Board Meeting

Board Representative. 1. The Year Round Program of the Stake Board—General

2. Discussion.

SATURDAY EVENING

7:00 p. m. to 8:30 p. m.

M. I. A. Stake and Ward Executive Officers and Committees on Recreation

Program for meeting of M. I. A. Committee on Recreation of Fall

Conventions on Saturday, at 7 p.m.:

1. General Statement of Organization-—Condition of the Stake in the Field of

Recreation at the Present Board Representative. Time—Stake

Board Repre- 2. Explanation of New Official Guide on Recreation—General

sentative. 3. A Brief Presentation of the M. I. A. Year Round Program on Recreation

General Board Representative.

4. Outlining and Working Plan for Stake and Ward Committees on Recreation:

Board Representative. Organization, Finance, Types of Activities—Stake

5. Discussion.

8:40 p. m. to 10:30 p. m.

Entertainment for the Stake Membership Under the Direction of the

M. I. A. Stake Committees on Recreation

SUNDAY MORNING 10:00 a. m. to 12 noon

Y. M. M. I. A. Stake and Ward Officers'and Teachers'Meeting

1. The Value of Good Books; the New Reading Course and How to Get It

Read, ten Board Representative. minutes—Stake

President. 2. The Success of the Era and Fund, ten minutes—A Ward

MUTUAL WORK 897

3. Membership Survey and Followup, ten Represenminutes—General Board

tative. 4. The New Courses of Study; Plans for M Men and Scouting, ten minutes

Stake Board Representative.

5. The Young Married Man's Opportunity in the M. I. A., ten minutes

Stake Board Representative.

6. Systematizing the Work of the Ward Presidency Covering the Year Round

Program, ten President. minutes—A Ward

Board Representative. 7. General Summary and Instructions—General

SUNDAY 2 p. m.

General Conference Session SUNDAY EVENING 7:30 p. m. to 9:00 p. m.

M. I. A. Public Meeting

Theme: The Slogan—"We stand for a testimony of the divine mission of

Joseph Smith."

1. Song. "We thank thee, O God, for a prophet"—Congregation.

2. Prayer. 3. Song, "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah"Congregation.

4. Short Sayings from the Revelations of Joseph Smith,,2 minutes each—Three

Young Men and Three Young Ladies. (Selections will be furnished by

Stake Superintendent and President.)

5. Male Solo, "The Seer, the Seer, Joseph, the Seer."

6. The Value of a Living Testimony of the Divine Mission of Joseph Smith,

seven Gleaner Girl. minutes—A

7. A Testimony of the Divine Mission of Joseph Smith, seven minutes

An M Man. 8. Repetition of the Slogan-—Congregation.

9. Special music bearing on the theme.

10. Board Representatives. Remarks—General 11. Song, "True to the Faith"—Congregation.

12. Benediction.

Musical and Literary Contests at M. I. A. Conference

One of the leading activities in the M. I. A. conference was the literary

and musical contest. Thousands had taken part in the various wards and

stakes. The interest was now centered in the Church tryouts and finals.

The following district entries were made in musical and literary contest work: Montpelier, Cache, Los Angeles, Deseret, M Men Public Speaking—Young,

Granite, Fremont, Maricopa, Utah, Ogden, Sevier, Parowan, Burley, Big Horn,

These districts comprise 83 stakes.

M Men Quartette-—Montpelier, Cache, Los Angeles, Deseret, Fremont, Maricopa,

Utah, Ogden, Granite, Sevier. These districts comprise 66 stakes.

Cache, Los Angeles, Deseret, Fremont. Y. M. M. I. A. Male Chorus—Montpelier,

Maricopa, Utah, Ogden, Granite, Sevier. These districts comprise 67 stakes.

Instrumental Trio—Cache, Fremont, Maricopa, Utah, Ogden, Granite. These

districts comprise 50 stakes.

M. I. A. Orchestra-—Cache, Fremont, Maricopa, Ogden, Granite, Sevier. These

districts comprise 4 7 stakes.

Deseret, Fremont, Maricopa. Y. L. M. I. A. Senior Public Speaking—Cache,

89 8 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Ogden, Utah, Sevier, Granite, Uintah, Los Angeles, Boise, Big Horn, Burley, Montpelier, Parowan, Young. These districts comprise 88 stakes.

Y. L. M. I. A, Ladies'Chorus—Cache, Deseret, Fremont, Maricopa, Utah,

Ogden, Granite, Montpelier, Parowan, Los Angeles, Burley, Sevier. These districts

comprise 79 stakes.

The Winners Following were the winners in the final contests:

M Men Public Speaking:

1. Donald Lloyd, Utah stake; subject, "Divinity of Jesus Christ;"gold

medal prize.

2. Garff Wilson, Weber stake; subject, "The Keys to Peace;"gold medal prize.

M Men Quartette:

1. St. George stake, gold medal prize.

2. Morgan stake, gold medal prize. Members: Scott Taggart, Philo Peterson,

Joseph Francis and Lester Francis.

y. L. M. J. A. Chorus:

1. Los Angeles stake, $50 prize.

2. Cottonwood stake, $25 prize.

Y. M. M. I. A. Male Chorus:

1. Bear River stake, George O. Nye, conductor 5 Mrs. Pearl Peck, accompanist;

$50 prize. Members: W. W. Richards, Ariel Bradshaw, Spencer Brown,

Lawrence Wortley, J. J. Shumway, Clifton Kerr, Eddie Kerr, Wendell Grover,

F. L. Nye, Alma King, Chas. H. Last, Lyman T. Thorpe, P. W, Christensen,

Lee Nebeker, H. M. Williams, J. H. Kirkham, J. Delos Thompson, Oscar

Koford, Henry Bronn, Roy K. Haws, James Walton, Marion Summers.

2. Franklin stake, Mark Nichols, conductor; $25 prize. Eighteen members.

Instrumental Trio:

1. Granite stake, gold medal prize. Members: Johanna Lee, violin; Clifton

Jacobson, cello; Norma Bryan, piano.

2. Mt. Ogden stake, gold medal prize Members: Melba Hyde, violin; Marjorie

Perrins, piano; Phyllis Proudfit, cello.

M. J. A. Orchestra:

1. Ensign stake, $50 prize. Members: Marion Lyon, piano; Edmer Reynolds,

violin; Gwen Bitner, violin; Ireta Roylance, cello; Geo. J. Ross, clarinet;

Richard Bennett, flute.

2. Morgan stake, $25 prize. Members: Horace Ross, bass horn; Ada Waldron,

soprano saxophone; E. H. Anderson, III, E flat saxophone; Owen Kearns,

E flat saxophone; Jack Francis, cornet; Scott Taggart, trombone; Philo

Peterson, drums; Doyle Tucker, clarinet; Wesley Porter, violin; Richard

Rawle, violin; Glen Hanson, piano.

V. L. M. I. A. Senior Public Speaking:

1. Margaret Pierpont, Ensign stake; subject, "Ingratitude;"gold medal prize.

2. Mae Balls, Box Elder stake; subject, "M. I. A. Slogan;"gold medal.

The following stakes received 100% in the efficiency report Y. M. M.

I. A. for 192526:

January: Fremont, Taylor. February. Liberty, Lethbridge. March: Cassia,

Lethbridge, Maricopa, Taylor. April: Lethbridge.

The result of the reading contest in the Four Gospels will be reported later; also statistical and other reports. Some of the leading speeches will

also appear later in the Era.

New Stake Superintendents Mark King has been appointed superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. of

the Lost River stake, and he takes the place of former superintendent, Charles

G. Johnson, Jr., Moore, Idaho.

Orville H. Stanfield of Gannett, Idaho, has been appointed supervisor

of the M. I. A. of the Northwestern States Mission to succeed Abram W.

MUTUAL WORK 899

Conover, released, under whose supervision growth and interest has largely increased until there are now 23 associations in the mission.

On Sunday, April 18, Elder James W. Bodily was released from acting

as stake superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A., and in his place Elder

Loren Lewis was sustained in that position in the Burley stake of Zion, Idaho.

R. Alvin Moss of Bountiful has been appointed superintendent of

the Y. M. M. T. A. of South Davis stake vice Grant S. Clark, Farmington,

Utah.

Thomas Gordon Smith has been appointed superintendent of the

Parowan stake Y. M. M. I. A. vice M. J. Urie, Cedar City, Utah.

A College Seminary Class Andrew M. Anderson, principal of the Cedar L. D. S. Seminary, informs

us that this class is the first college seminary class graduated in the Church.

The class has an enrollment of fortytwo students in the branch agricultural college, and tha course of study followed has b:en "New Testament Ethics,"

CEDAR CITY SEMINARY CLASS

the major part of the course having been taken from outlines prepared by

Dean Milton Bennion of the University of Utah. As this is the pioneer

class of what will likely become an extensive movement in our seminaries in the future, it is an interesting picture to put on record. The information

coming from Principal Andrew M. Anderson is dated May 17, 1926.

M. I. A. Reading Course 192627

There are four books on the M. I. A. Reading Course this season. The

list follows:

The Book of Mormon, 50c; by mail, 60c.

Prophecies of Joseph Smith and Their Fulfilment, by Nephi L. Morris,

$1.50; by mail, $1.50.

900 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hugh Wynne, a novel, by S. Weir Mitchell, $1.25; by mail, $1.35.

Wild Life in the Rockies, Enos A. Mills, $2.50; by mail, $2.60.

Full set of four books, delivered, $5.50. Remittance must accompany

orders. The Deseret Book Company, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake

City, Utah, P. O. Box 1793, are handling the course. The standards committees in cooperation with the M. I. A. officers should immediately set to

work to provide the books and have the reading proceed.

Manuals for General Class Study and Home Reading

The Joint Advance Senior class has heretofore used the Class.—This

Era and Journal for their texts. This year they will have two manuals, so

that a choice may be made by any Advance Senior class as to which they will study: 1. Heroes of Science, by Dr. F. S. Harris and N. I. Butt. 2. Rational

Theology, by Dr. Jojhn A. Widtsoe.

A course in Current Topics will also be provided to appear in the magazines, and not in manual form. The outline is prepared by the Committee

on Advance Senior Class Study. Senior Class.—The Young Man and Religion. This is the fifth manual of the Achievement Series, and perhaps the most important. It should

be widely adopted by every M Men class in the Church.

Junior department has two manuals: Department.—This Junior Class—Stories of Courage and Devotion. (Book three of Story

Series.) Advance Junior Class—Religion, A Vital Factor in Character Building.

(Book three of Character Series.)

The price of the Advanced Senior manuals will be made known later.

The price for the others will be 25c each. The Improvement Era will

contain the outlines of the Committee's lessons on current topics.

Information for the Officers of the Y. M. M. I. A.

The following pamphlets, bulletins and publications may be obtained at the office of the Y. M. M. I. A., 47 East South Temple, Salt Lake City,

Utah, upon application:

Fathers and Sons'Annual Outing, Summer of 19 26, free.

M. I. A. Year Round Recreation Program and Contests for 192627,

containing the M. I. A. year round programs in recreation and contest work,

monthly recreational programs for the whole season, 192627, also the details of the contests for the coming season for the ward, stake and Church, including all the joint work, and the contests in orchestra, band, drama, dancing, with prizes for each. This contains also the stake and district contests and

all the various numbers and activities in the stakes, together with rules and regulations and points for judgment. Distributed free on application.

Recreation Bulletin No. 6. This tells how to study local recreation

problems; a pamphlet brimming full of information in the twentyeight pages

which it contains, price 5c.

Recreation Organization and Leadership, a new edition of the official recreation guide. A book of 180 pages; price, 35c.

The Y. M. M. I. A. Hand Book, a guide for stake and ward officers of

the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, containing information for the guidance of officers in every department of Y. M. M. I. A. work, and of joint work with

the Y. L. M. I. A. A book of 208 pages; price, 35c.

MUTUAL WORK 901

Curlew Stake Champions

In the Curlew stake during the past Winter, they had a Mutual basketball team, which was a success from every standpoint, according to Superintendent D. G. Nelson, Jr., who states that on the day set every game was

played without a miss. He believes that they have lifted the standard of

basketball at least one hundred per cent by making it an M. I. A. proposition.

The winning team from Stone ward, who won the championship in basketball are highly recommended by the Superintendent. He says they are clean

sports, "not a member of the team uses tobacco, or dissipates otherwise, to

STONE WARD CHAMPIONS, CURLEW STAKE my knowledge."The names of the champions are as follow: (left to right)

Walter Williams, Clifford Neal, Ronald Harris, Howard Neal and Merle Neal, with Fred Neal and Ray Roe acting as managers holding the pennant. He says

further: "On May 12 we held our Field Day, a great success, a splendid

program in the afternoon with the house overflowing. At least 350 people

attended. We brought the two ends of the stake together in baseball, and

finished with a dancing party in the evening."

Benson Stake Banquet In a report from Ernest P. Horsley, of the General Board Y. M. M.

I. A., he calls attention to a banquet of the Y. M. M. I. A. at Benson stake.

It was given in honor of the Advanced Senior class with the best attendance for the class period just closing, at Richmond Social Hall, Tuesday, May 25.

The banquet was very praiseworthy. One hundred fifty people were seated at

the table laden with the choicest of the land. A program of humor and lifegiving pastime was indulged in. At the close of the banquet, they presented

a pageant, reflecting the study in the Advanced Senior program, and which emphasized the home circle in A-l style. The pageant represented Play,

Study, Friendship, Parental Love, etc., and was just what Brother Geo. H.

Brimhall, chairman of the General Board Advanced Senior Committee, should have witnessed.

902 i IMPROVEMENT ERA

What to Do in July Many stakes have pleasure resorts located within their borders, or relatively near them. The M. I. A. should take advantage of these recreation

centers and organize, supervise and direct a stakewide excursion to one of them. Care should be taken in the social and recreation events, that high

standards shall be maintained throughout the day and evening.

Suggestive program for the day's proceedings:

program. Morning—Patriotic

luncheon. Noon—Picnic

bathing and dancing. Afternoon—Games,

dancing. Evening—Social

If the program for the patriotic meeting be arranged on the theme "Great Leaders in Church and State,"the idea of a Fourth of July celebration and a Pioneer Day celebration may be combined.

Important scenes in National and Church life should be depicted. Pantomime, pageantry, drama, music and speeches, all combine in making a

worthwhile celebration.

The following material may be of service in helping to plan such a program: The Continental Congress. A oneact drama in four scenes, depicting the sessions

of the historic body which developed the Declaration of Independence. This would

be particularly appropriate on this anniversary year of the adoption and signing of that great document. The drama could be freely cut and make a very interesting feature.

Published by Denver Chapter, Colorado Society Sons of the American Revolution.

No price given.

Flag of the Free—Festival of Freedom. Pageants which revive the nations patriotic songs in tableau and story. These pageants are available from Community

Service, 315 Fourth Avenue, New York, N. Y. 15c each. The Eldridge Entertainment House of Denver, Colorado, and E. S. Warner, New York, publish patriotic

pageants, flag drills, etc., suitable for such a program.

Pioneer Scenes

Short scenes depicting pioneer life could be presented, such as: Entrance

of the pioneers into the valley, grasshopper war, Brigham Young and the

Indians, etc.

Allegory: The Desert Shall Blossom as the Rose—An

"Desert"enters to the accompaniment of gray, doleful music, is dressed in lonesome loose, gray robes with a cowl over her head. She walks sadly about—a

spirit. After a few pathetic attitudes and gestures, she sinks to the floor.

Enter trumpeters of "Progress"and "Development"to accompaniment of brilliant music. These are followed by the spirits of "Flowers,""Fruits,""Grains,"

"Vegetables,""Manufacturing,""Mining,"dressed in appropriate costume. They

frolic and dance in abandoned glee at the prospect of their growth and development in this new land.

They appeal to the sky to give moisture, they kiss the soil to make it fertile and they importune the "Desert"to cast off her barrenness. "Labor"enters. With

his magic touch, he loosens the dreary garb that clothes "Desert."The gray robes

fall to her feet and she stands revealed as a blossoming rose. She dances joyously

about, she calls to her many spirits of "Fruits"and "Flowers,"who join her in the dance.

All is brought to a happy climax as "Desert"and "Labor"stand hand in hand receiving the joyful homage of their children while the trumpeters "Progress"and "Development"blow their triumphant blasts.

The noon luncheon should be accompanied with toasts, stories,'community

MUTUAL WORK 903

singing, etc. Games in the afternoon may be competitive between wards with prizes

offered.

The whole day and evening should be well supervised, placed under the personal direction of the stake committee on recreation with a corps of able leaders to plan all details as to transportation, meeting, picnic, games, bathing, dancing, etc.

Why "Mormonism?"

Studies for Associations Meeting Weekly During June, July,

August and September IV—BecauseThreeof LessonsIts Free forAgencyJuly Emphasis

1. Man as an intelligence coexistent with God. Compendium Gems,

p. 287; Doc. and Cov. 93:29. 2. Man as a free agent coresponsible with

God. 3. Things are done by common consent. 4. The frequent referendum

in sustaining officers. (a) As a test of membership loyalty. (b) As a

stimulation to faithfulness in office. (c) As a guard against official autocracy.

Special Problem: Distinguish between the righteous exercise of authority and official oppression.

Questions and contributions from the audience.

V—Because of Its Philosophy of Eternal Progress

1. From Ignorance to Knowledge. 2. From knowledge to wisdom.

3. From bondage to freedom. 4. From death to life. 5. From the human to

the divine. Compendium Gems, p. 283.

Special Problem: How are the doctrine of eternal progress and the

theory of perpetual change related to each other? Compendium Gems p. 292.

Doctrine and Covenants 6351.

Questions and contributions from the audience.

VI—Because of Its Perpetual Youth Aspect

1. The prophetic possibilities for eternal youth. Corinthians 15:52;

Doctrine and Covenants 63:51; Isaiah 65:22. 2. The youthfulness of its

ideality, (a) Hope, (b) Helpfulness. (c) Joyful anticipation. (d) High

hopes. (e) Implicit confidence. (f) Dauntless helpfulness.

3. The practical provision through Temple Ordinance. (a) Welding

mortal love links for eternity. (b) Causing wedding bells to ring in the

spirit world. (c) Heroic release of prisoners.

Special Problem: Describe youthful spirit in an aged body.

Discuss: No Latterday Saint ever grows old enough to feel like exclaiming "All is vanity, vanity, vanity!"

Questions and contributions from the audience.

Substance of the Tobacco Laws as They Relate to

Minors in Utah, Idaho, and Arizona

Utah—1925 Unlawful to barter, sell or offer for sale cigarettes, cigarette paper without first obtaining a permit and giving a $500.00 bond. Body granting

permit shall revoke same after notice and hearing for violation of law, and permit cannot be reissued for two years after revocation.

Unlawful to sell, or furnish to minor any cigarette, cigarette paper, cigar, or tobacco in any form, or to keep for sale with intention of selling in violation of law, any cigarette, cigarette paper, cigars or tobacco.

904 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Unlawful for proprietor of any place of business to allow a minor to smoke there.

Unlawful to advertise cigarettes,Idaho—1921or cigarette paper in any manner.

Unlawful for minor to buy, accept or have in his possession any cigarette, cigar or tobacco in any form, or cigarette paper or wrapper intended for wrapping tobacco in the form of cigarette.

Unlawful for any person to give, sell or furnish, directly or indirectly, any cigarettes, cigars, or tobacco in any form to a minor, or permit a minor to frequent any premises owned, held or managed by him for the purpose of indulging in use of tobacco in Arizona—1921any form.

Unlawful for any person to give, sell or furnish to minor any cigar, cigarette, cigarette paper, smoking or chewing tobacco of any kind and unlawful for any minor to buy, or have in his possession, or accept or receive from any person any such article.

What About Our Tobacco Slogan?

"We Stand for the Nonuse and Nonsale of Tobacco""Tobacco * * * is not good far man."Doc. and Cov. Sec. 98.

Why?—Because

1. It lowers and stunts mental and physical,growth and efficiency.

2. It blights and dwarfs spirituality.

3. It undermines respect for both God and man and their laws.

4. It creates an appetite for other drugs including alcohol.

5. It undermines politeness, courtesy and respect for others.

6. It is destroying our boys and girls. Listen to Herbert Hoover:

"There is no agency in the world today that is more seriously affecting the health, education, the efficiency and character of our boys and girls than the cigarette habit. * * * Cigarettes are a source of crime."

Is the Cigarette Evil Increasing?

In 1917 forty billion cigarettes were sold in the United States.

In 1924 sixtynine billion cigarettes were sold in the United States including about eight or nine billion sold to women, at a total cost of over a billion two hundred million dollars.

Who Are the New Smokers of Cigarettes?

"New smokers, boys and girls, begin with cigarettes and generally stick to it."Tobacco Record, March 2 6, 1924.

Few take up smoking after they leave their teens and the Tobacco Trust knows that recruits must come from boys, girls and women, and their advertising is designed to reach such.

1 Increasing?Why is the use of Cigarettes

1. Because it is fashionable.

2. Because of drug craving. The craving of users is progressive.

3. But principally because of the millions of dollars spent annually in advertising.

What Can we do to Stem the Tide?

1. Rigidly enforce the present laws both as to minors buying and merchants

selling. 2. See that officers enforce the laws; cooperate with them. If they refuse

to enforce the laws, see that they are replaced at the earliest moment with officers who will.

MUTUAL WORK 905

3. Cooperate with schools, churches, parentteachers associations and all other

'associations interested in protecting and conserving our youth.

4. Cooperate with home, home evening programs, ward teachers. Use M

Men's organizations and Boy Scouts to accomplish your ends, at least amongst boys and men of their age and even with officers and mcrch. nts.

5. Appoint a committee on law and order to carry the responsibility of the

work and have them report frequently.

6. Impress upon our people in every way possible the sacredness and importance

of the Lord's advice to us in the Word of Wisdom "Tobacco is not good for man,"and our Article of Faith, "We believe in honoring, upholding and sustaining the law."

The Aged Juniper

Victor Lindblad, Scout Executive, Logan, Utah, sends these two pictures taken at the visit of Secretary of Agriculture J. W. Jardine to Logan recently.

They were taken at the base of the Old Juniper Tree up the lefthand fork of Logan Canyon. This is the oldest living Juniper tree in the world, age

3,500 years. It is estimated that this tree was 1,500 years old when the

Savior was on the earth. The actual bore for age was made by Doctor

Cowles of the Chicago University. In picture No. 1, the Eagle Scouts

guarding the tree are, Wilburn Wilson. Marinus Fonnesbeck, and Harold

Peterson. The picture No. 2, includes Secretary Jardine and the three boys

mentioned above, and Scout Executive, Victor Lindblad.

"i V 1 1. '<

"\6r\ mtim '''ii"EjB / |1k-j 'vJmMkMIwFljl

W p;--- *- V if JjBte t 'Tfjmi if% "* \ 5

*-*'.'lit*- \'

m OW Juniper Tree, Logan Canyon 906 IMPROVEMENT ERA

This tree was named "Juniper Jardine,"on this hike, in honor of

Secretary Jardine.

Pageant, "Saul of Tarsus"The Joint M. I. A. of Nampa, Idaho, recently produced a pageant,

entitled "Saul of Tarsus."It was done in order to portray more clearly

the meaning and significance of the slogan to the boys and girls of the

Mutual Improvement Association, as well as to the people of the city. The

SB Hjjg n i '*<

- B 1 Wj m M

u >tE jH / 'm I L?"fl '—**.*-""LV.!'-."''

SAUL OF TARSUS PAGEANT, NAMPA, IDAHO, M. I. A.

plot was written, and the] costumes, scenery, lighting, etc., arranged entirely

by our own talent. The production made a very favorable impression on the

large audience that witnessed it. The picture represents the characters who

took part. Arnold E. Johnson, president Y. M. M. I. A.

MUTUAL WORK 907. A. Efficiency Rep ort, May, 1926 Y. M. M. I

a o. a M a ta

"3 s

Meetings da S Offic 1 o STAKES 'bfl 1 |3 h fa Ward 2 i < 11

Deseret 10 5 7 7 7 8 10 10 8 6 78

Ensign.. 9 6 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 95

North Weber. 9 6 6 10 5 9 10 10 9 10 84

Oquirrh 9 4 10 10 6 10 10 8 10 10 87

Salt Lake 9 5 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 92

So. Sevier 10 5 10 10 8 10 7 7 10 8 85

Blackfoot 10 10 9 6 8 10 10 8 9 9 89

Boise 9 8 9 10 7 8 10 8 7 7 83

Curlew 5 5 2 5 10 10 3 3 43 Fremont 10 5 8 6 5 8 10 10 7 7 76

Idaho 9 4 7 8 7- 8 9 10 7 5 74

Malad 9 5 10 10 7 10 10 10 9 10 90

Rigby 7 4 7 3 5 6 9 9 7 3 60 Yellowstone. 9 5 9 4 6 10 10 10 10 6 79

Lethbridge 10 5 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 95

Calif. Mission. 10 10 10 4 10 10 8 10 10 10 92

N. W. States. 10 10 10 10 10 10 8 8 10 8 94

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, May, 1926

| g 3 c

STAKES

"3s.

Deseret 471 12110 106 187 160 147 617 53 87 70 10 70 290

Ensign 934 85 158 276 283 874 68 74 109 35 211 497

North Weber 640 98 92 146 233 599 74 31 63 18 156 342

Oquirrh 462 51 94 112 149 433 41 21 38 9 80 189

Salt Lake 1067| 136 157 204 405 953 91 69 75 23 253 511

So. Sevier 200 60 51 31 87 229 28 42 27 28 125

Blackfoot 514 94 120 135 151 518 70 81 87 14 90 342

Curlew 125 18 14 12 25 69 10 4 6 13 33

Fremont 657 103 189 162 149 635 63 91 61 18 78 311

Idaho 203 41 76 26 24 183 16 43 5 2 8 74

Malad 331 64 61 80 85 290 36 41 30 35 142

Rigby 520 78 89 78 22 81 348 49 25 28 6 32 140

Yellowstone. 370 50 100 94 93 337 31 55 36 42 164

Lethbridge—232 71 95 63 67 324 42 34 34 12 38 160

Calif. Mission 1046 204 382 224 165 1046 163 243 148 58 108 720

N. W. States 310 83 171 55 36 372 66 134 39 24 27 290

Fourteen stakes held out to the end this year, and two missions; twentyone,

last year and one mission. "The race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the

strong,""but he that endureth to the end shall be saved."

The Four Gospels A report on the reading of the Four Gospels has been compiled and the result will be given in the Era as soon as the report has been passed on by the General Board Y. M. M. I. A. Also the testaments and certificates

will be distributed and signed by the General Superintendency.

Father John J. Mitty, of New York, has been appointed bishop over

Salt Lake diocese, to succeed the late Bishop Glass. The Rev. Mitty is a

war chaplain and was appointed by the pope himself, says a dispatch from

Rome dated May 28, 1926.

Abdel-Krim surrendered to the French, May 26, according to an official announcement from Fez, Morocco, and was, later, sent into exile.

This should end the military operations in the Riff country, and should also discourage Mohammedan agitators in other places from leading revolutionary movements.

Twelve hundred persons are reported killed by a cyclone and tidal wave that struck Burma, May 26, 1926. A huge tidal wave ascended the Naaf

river, flooding the country and sweeping away villages to beyond Maungdaw, fifty miles inland. The cyclone swept the Arakau coast, doing much damage.

All the cattle in the devastated area were killed.

The Crown Prince Gustavus Adolphus and the Crown Princess Louise of Sweden landed in New York, May 27, 1926, on the S. S. Gripsholm, of

the SwedishAmerican line, and received an enthusiastic welcome by officials and vast crowds. The royal couple proceeded the same day to Washington,

where they paid their respects to President and Mrs. Coolidge.

Brazil tendered its resignation from the Council of the League of Nations on June 10, and from the League on June 14. The reason for this step is

that her demands for a permanent membership in the Council has not been granted. The resignation from the Council must be passed upon by the

Assembly. The resignation from the League will not take effect until two

years after it has been tendered.

A volcano in Tokachi Province, Japan, broke out, May 24, burying hundreds of human beings in mud and rocks. The volcano has been inactive for years, but it began rumbling on May 4. Many inhabitants then

fled. Others were not so fortunate. The lake in the crater poured over

the sides, inundating several villages. Many were drowned, and the waters,

mingling with lava and earth, covered the rice fields and houses. Landslides

occurred in many places.

Sanford Ballard Dole, the first and only president of the Hawaiian islands, died in Honolulu, June 9, 1926. During the bloodless revolution

in 1893, Dole was elected head of the provisional government, which became the government of the Republic of Hawaii. In 1898 Dole headed an annexation mission to Washington. In 1900 Congress added Hawaii to the Union.

Dole was the first governor of the Territory, and afterwards he became a

U. S. judge, which position he held at the time of his demise.

Damascus was again bombarded by the French, according to a London dispatch dated May 20, and 300 houses, it is said, were destroyed. According to the story, the trouble began on May 6, when the Druses attacked

French military posts, killing or capturing 28 soldiers at BobMousalla. The

French then surrounded the part of Damascus in which the raiders had taken refuge, and when the population failed to give them up, the French began a bombardment that lasted for 15 hours. Women and children as well as

men fell victims of the bursting shells and falling walls.

A grave accusation is that which the Mexican consul general at New

PASSING EVENTS 909

York, M. Elias, makes public against Monsignor Caruana, Roman Catholic

bishop of Porto Rico and the West Indies, who recently was expelled from

Mexico. The consul says the bishop entered Mexico under false pretenses.

He declared himself a protestant teacher, who came as a tourist, and he reported that English was the only language he could understand. In support

of his accusation, the consul sent to the press photostatic copies of the declarations the bishop made before the Mexican immigration authorities at Nuevo

Laredo, Mexico, March 4, when entering Mexico.

Captain George Wilkins left Fairbanks, Alaska, June 11, abandoning, for the time being, his plan for exploration of the unknown Arctic regions.

Major Thomas G. Lanphier, commanding Selfridge field, Michigan, unofficial observer in the expedition; Sergeant Charles M. Wiseley, who, like

Major Lanphier, is on leave from the army; Alexander Malcolm Smith, superintendent of efforts to trek supplies by snow motor and dog team from

Nenana, on the railroad, to Point Barrow, northern tip of Alaska, and Frederick Lewis Earp, newspaper correspondent, left with Wilkins. It is thought

that an attempt will be made next year to find the land which Captain

Wilkins believes exists between Alaska and the Pole.

Senator Reed Smoot suffered an attack of indigestion, May 28, and was by his physicians ordered to take a rest at the sea shore. Senator Smooths

illness is attributed by his doctor to overexertion and exhaustion, rather than to what he had eaten. Always an indefatigable worker, the senator has been

getting up every morning at 4:30 to play golf, and has kept his hours regardless of when he retired. Never robust, he finally overtaxed his strength, and

his illness naturally resulted. The senator's family is anxious that he lay

aside official duties and take a long rest, but the senator is loath to leavie

Washington for any length of time, especially as he has in charge a number of bills of importance that are slated to be considered before adjournment.

A $175,000 fire destroyed the plant of the Utah Lumber Co., at West

First South, Salt Lake City, June 2,.1926, and also a small residence next

to the lumber yard. Fifteen thousand people are said to have witnessed the

spectacular blaze. Among these was a young man from Ogden, Hanna by

name, who was so overcome by the excitement, and perhaps the heat, that he fell down and expired, his heart being weak. Several firemen were also

hurt, but none seriously. About 2,500,000 feet of lumber was destroyed,

but the books and records of the company, and the horses were saved.

The Utah Lumber company was organized thirtyone years ago. The

officers are: F. S. Murphy of San Francisco, president; C. W. Nibley, vice

president; C. E. Murphy, secretarytreasurer and general manager; R. L.

Irvine, assistant general manager.

The completion of the Victory highway was celebrated, June 12, 1926, by representatives of Utah, California and Nevada. The festivities began at

Wendover in the morning, on the UtahNevada line, and was concluded with a banquet given by the Commercial Club in Salt Lake City in the evening. The event marked the completion of the Truckee river highway

through the Sierras and leading to the valley of the Sacramento and to San

Francisco. They were celebrating the completion of seventyfive miles of

graveled highway extending eastward from the Nevada state line to the end of the already improved highway at Timpie, a short distance beyond Grantsville. From the latter point there is a good highway and one that will stand

up under traffic to the end of the pavement at the Salt LakeTooele county line. This highway is a "fortymile-anhour road"all the way, with many

long, long stretches where the limit of speed is fixed by the mechanical limits of the automobile.

The preparatory commission on disarmament, appointed at the suggestion of the League of Nations, convened at Geneva, May 18, 1926, with 910 IMPROVEMENT ERA

twenty nations represented. Among these were the United States and Germany. The U. S. minister to Switzerland, Hugh S. Gibson, is chairman of

the American delegation, and Count von Bernsdorff represents Germany.

The plan which the American delegates proposed to lay before the commission includes, (1) Limitation of battleship tonnage as fixed at the Washington conference to be extended to all classes of naval vessels; (2) limitation of land armament based on population and area of country, exclusive of

colonies; (3) adoption of voluntary instead of compulsory military service.

The commission adjourned on May 26, after having turned a number of technical questions over to subcommittees. Both Mr. Gibson, the American

delegate, and Lord Cecil, the British representative, expressed themselves as pleased with the results achieved. The commission will convene again in the

fall.

The John Ericsson monument in Washington was unveiled May 29, 1926, in the presence of an immense throng, many societies of SwedishAmericans being represented. The Swedish Crown Princess Louise had the

honor of unveiling it. President Coolidge spoke for America and paid an

eloquent tribute to the Swedish people. He emphasized that John Ericsson

was one of the great Americans who belonged both to the country of his birth and the country that adopted him. The Crown Prince, Gustavus

Adolphus, speaking for Sweden, said in part: "To us Swedes this celebration of John Ericcson's memory is expressive of something more significant than his great contributions to modern science, John Ericsson

is the incarnation of our desires and hopes for an unbroken friendship with

America. He is both a promise and a fulfilment; in him are represented the

common aims and aspirations of two free peoples, imbued alike with democratic ideals."As the bunting was removed, carrier pigeons were released by

sailors, who stood at attention in their white uniforms about the base of the monument, and th* flags of tne United States and of Sweden were unfurled, while a salute of twentyone guns was fired from an eagle boat close by in the

Potomac. The monument was dedicated although not yet entirely completed.

Former U. S. Senator from Utah, Joseph L. Rawlins, died, May 24,

1926, at a Salt Lake hospital, at the age of 76 years. As one of the foremost members of the bar, a Democratic standard bearer, an ardent worker for

statehood for Utah and a Utah senator, he has made a name for himself that will long live in the history of the State. Senator Rawlins was born

at Mill Creek, March 28, 1850, a son of Joseph S. and Mary Rawlins.

At the age of 18, he became a student at the University of Deseret.

Later he attended the Indiana university, and was afterwards engaged as professor in Greek and Latin at the University of Deseret, and while so engaged, he began studying law, and was admitted to the bar in 1874, in the Third District court, and in 1875 in the supreme court of the Territory. In 1882 he was a member of the fourth constitutional convention in Utah. In 1892, he was elected delegate to Congress, and

on Sept. 6, 1893, he introduced in the house his bill for the admission of

Utah to Statehood. The bill passed and was signed by President Cleveland,

July 16, 1894. In accordance with the Enabling Act, a constitutional convention was held in Salt Lake City and Utah was finally admitted to the

Union, January 4, 1896. In March 4, 1897, he took his seat in the U. S.

Senate, where he succeeded Arthur Brown. In 1903 he retired from Congress and resumed his law practice in Salt Lake City.

Wiltard Weihe, the violin virtuoso, passed away suddenly and rather unexpectedly, on June 5, 1926, at the office of Dr. H. Z. Lund in the

Templeton building, Salt Lake City. He has been compared to Ysaye and

also to Ole Bull, and there is no doubt that under favorable circumstances he would have become as famous as either, for he was passionately devoted to his

PASSING EVENTS 911

art, and he had talents recognized by all who ever had the privilege of listening to his soulstirring music.

Willard Weihe was a native of Oslo, Norway, born Oct. 17, 1856.

He came here with his family at the age of 10 years. Two years previously

he had played before Ole Bull, who offered to give the boy a musical education, but the offer was not accepted. He did take a course at the Royal

Conservatory of Music at Brussels, and later at other European musical institutes. He was heard at the Lewis and Clark exposition, the Jamestown

exposition, and the Chicago World's fair. For many years he has been prominent in Salt Lake musical circles. He has been a drawing number at many

benefit concerts, and at many a funeral his wonderful music has been one of sympathy and consolation and hope to the mourners, for the strings of his instrument, at the firm, yet delicate, touch of his bow spoke his own feelings, at all times. Funeral services were held in the Assembly Hall, June 8.

Funeral services for John Bushman, were held in the Eighteenth Ward chapel, June 3, Bishop Thomas Clawson in charge. Elder Bushman was a

Utah pioneer, an early colonizer in Arizona, and Indian war veteran and a temple worker. Bishop Bushman, was born June 7, 1843, at Nauvoo, 111,

His parents later settled in Highland Grove near Council Bluffs, Iowa, and four years later they crossed the plains to Utah, reaching Salt Lake in 1852.

They lived at Lehi. Bishop Bushman married Lois A. Smith of Lehi Feb.

11, 1865, and they became parents of eight sons and four daughters. In

1877 he married Mary Peterson and four children were born to them.

Three different times Bishop Bushman was called to serve in the Black

Hawk Indian wars. With James Robinson, Peter Christopherson and others

he was called by President Brigham Young in 1876 to colonize northern

Arizona. For eight years he served as a counselor to President Lot Smith of

Sunset stake. Later he became bishop of St. Joseph ward and held that position

for nearly 30 years. He had been active all his life in religious and civic affairs

and since 1917 has been a worker in the Salt Lake temple. Surviving are

11 children: Harmer F. Bushman, Snowflake, Ariz.; Mrs. Maria B.

Smith, Washington, D. C.; Mrs. Lois B. Smith, Salt Lake; P. A. Bushman, Zeniff, Ariz.; Mrs. Lillian B. Palmer, Mesa, Ariz.; Mrs. June B.

Smith, Lethbridge, Canada; J. Virgil Bushman, Winslow,'Ariz.; Jesse S.,

John L. and Alonzo E. Bushman and Mrs. Adele B. Westover, St. Joseph,

Ariz.

Alfred Lamboarne, well known writer of prose and verse, a painter of no ordinary talent, but above all, a passionate lover of nature in all its aspects, has laid aside his facile pen, his brushes and his easel, having been claimed by the hand of death, on June 6, 1925, after a lingering illness. He

was born in England, the son of William and Martha W. Lambourne, and

came with his parents to America in the 60's. With his father he walked

almost the entire way from the Missouri river to Salt Lake, and even then, it is said, he began to sketch scents along the route. Long before the days of

good roads and automobiles, Mr. Lambourne visited Bryce Canyon and other

outof-theway places, studying Nature, sketching and dreaming. Half a

century ago, Alfred Lambourne was the leading scenic painter of the state and a number of his canvases depict with fidelity and taste scenes that were long after delineated by artists who believed themselves the first to make the drawings. One of his best known stories Plet, is based upon actual incidents in the

Alta great snowslide that took toll of several lives figuring promcountry—a

inently in the story. Published works of the authorartist include: Our

Inland Sea, Plet, A Christmas Tale, Memorabilia, The Old Journey, Three

Season's Flowers, Holly and Easter Lilies, Cicadas; Home, Sweet Home, and

Peace. He is well known to readers of the Era, through his numerous contributions in verse and prose to this magazine. He was a true artist and a

true friend, but he belonged to the select few, who seem to be "not of this world,"living in anticipation of the realization of ideals. He will be sincerely

912 IMPROVEMENT ERA

missed by friends and acquaintances. Funeral services of a very appropriate

character were held in the Ladies'Literary Club, June 10. Mayor Clarence

C. Neslen presided.

My Native Hills How I love you, dear native hills,

Wrapped in your cloaks of purest green;

At sight of you my bosom thrills,

For I've beheld no fairer scene.

O'er you with nimble feet I've run

When life was gay and sweet and new,

When you were kissed by morning sain,

And richly jewelled with bright dew.

While you were clad in frost and snow,

And chilly days did slowly pass

I longed to see your flowers grow,

And tread your soft and tender grass,

And roam o'er you in balmy May,

And pluck, with joy your dainty flowers;

With fair companions young and gay

To while away the happy hours.

No fresher breezes ever blew Than stir your foliage, dear hills;

No softer grasses ever grew Than met the banks of your clear rills;

No bird e'er sang a sweeter lay

Than your own cheery songsters sing;

And none are happier than they,

And none more fleet upon the wing.

When autumn comes with russet glow

And throws o'er you in Persian folds

Her velvet mantle, hanging so I see the beauty it unfolds, 'Tis then your charm is most complete;

'Tis then my soul is overawed;

And, standing speechless at your feet,

I look beyond you to my God.

For it was He who gave you form

And shaped you into temples grand.

By mighty torrents from the storm

Which raged and lulled at His command.

O may you ever stand secure Through all the ravages of time;

And through eternity endure With stately mien, ye hills of mine.

Logan, Utah. SAMUEL B. MlTTON.

"We are very thankful for the Improvement Era and get great joy and satisfaction in reading it, the articles and sermons being very interesting."Henry D. Taylor, president Hartford, Connecticut Conference, Eastern States Mission.

Does your picture appear in this issue of the Era? Or a picture in which you are

especially interested? If so, would you like to have the engraving from which it was

printed? We sell these engravings for a very small fraction of the original cost to us.

Ask us about the one you want. Address your letter to Edward H. Anderson, Room

406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

"In behalf of the missionaries of the California mission, I desire to offer commendation and express sincere appreciation for the support and great benefit derived from the contents of the Improvement Era by the missionaries. It not only edifies and

strengthens the missionaries in their work, but is of itself a very effective gospel spreader. Many people will read the Era when they show reluctance in accepting and

reading other literature. The missionaries all look forward with joy and satisfaction

in their hearts to the arrival of the Irriprovement Era and when it is received it is read with much interest."Lorin C. Miles, mission reporter California mission, Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1926 Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Heber J. Grant, Mclvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. \"Pr\'t

Edward H. Anderson. Moroni Snow, Assistant.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Crown Prince Gustaf Adolph and Princess Louise of Sweden Frontispiece I Am Old Glory. A Poem \rvin L. Warnock 823

The Religion of the Latterday Saints Hon. Reed Smoot 825

St. George Temple. Illustrated 83

The "Mormon"Pioneers Herbert B. Maw. 831

The Wagon Train. A Poem Ellen L. Jakeman 840

Indian Joe. A Story Ellen L. Jakeman 842

Why We Forget Don P. Skousen 851

The Long Look Ahead Ira N. Hayward 852

M. I. A., We Hail Thee. Song With Music Ruth May Fox and W. O.

Robinson 855 A FourMinute Address George H. Brimhall 856

Oratory, Poesy and Drson F. Whitney 857 Prophecy—V.

Royal Visitors. With r. M. Sjodahl 861 Portrait of John Ericsson Mumsie Grace Wharton Montaigne 8 64

Lion Farming. Illustrated 1 Elizabeth Cannon Porter 871

Honesty D. C. Retsloff 875

A River of RedHot Rock Lee N. Taylor 876

When You Kissed Your Father GoodNight. A

Poem Walter P. Emmjett 878

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated 879

The New Saltair. Illustration 887

Editors'June Conference 888 Table—The

M. I. A. Reading Course, 1926-7 r 889

The SesquiCentennial, 890 M. I. A. Slogan for 1926-7 891

Books 892 The Pioneers. A Poem p Alice Morrill 893

My Native Hills. A Poem Samuel B. Mitton 912

Priesthood Quorums 894 Mutual Work.8 9

Passing Events 9 8 Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the highest class of advertising. We recommend to our readers

the firms and goods found in our advertising pages.

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Acme White Lead and Color Works Saltair

Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Salt Lake Knitting Store

Bennett's Service Stations Southern Pacific Lines

Deseret News The Siegel Jewelry Co.

- Taylor Undertaker Fleishman's tire Ins. Co. Yeast. J?Utahs\ rHomein

L. D. S. Business College Uuh power & Light Co.

Model Knitting Works Zion's Cooperative Mctle. Inst.

HUMOROUS HINTS

Village Constable, jokingly: "Now, Paddy, where would you be if

the prison had its due?"

Paddy, tersely: "Riding alone."San Francisco Examiner.

"Former: "Say, old man, can you let me have five Latter: "No——

Former: "minutes of your time?"

Latter: "trouble at all, old scout."San Francisco Examinee.

The Irate Father: "I can see right through that chorus girl's intrigue,

young man."

The Lovesick Son: "I know, dad, but they all dress that way now-

a-days."Ex. Ax-i-dentAx.

How Are You Spending the Summer?

Decide Today

to enter our College. Beginning

now you have several months ad- \antage over September stu44 JAN. 28 dents. You will have a wider

range of employment offers and will be on the payroll several months earlier. That means you will be $400.00 to $500.00

ahead.

Time is all you have to sell. You can't afford to be idle. Come

in tomorrow morning and talk over your plans with us.

L. D. S. Business College

The leading business college of the InterMountain Country

Our Graduates are in Constant Demand

DAY AND EVENING SESSIONS—ALL THE YEAR

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

PROTECT AND BEAUTIFY HOME SERVICES WITH 7HBME QUALITY PAINTS AND VARNISHES Acme White Lead & Goler Works

145 East Broadway Salt Lake City, Utah Phone W. 6544

Crossing The Atlantic Out in an ocean boat afloat The waves are running high, A piece of bacon in my throat And a salt tear in my eye.

A rocking deck, a crook in my neck,

And alas, my pork, goodbye!

With a heaving swish I feed the) fish

And away to my bunk I hie.

O gods of peace, and gods of war!

Whoever you be and wherever you are,

Take me back to my home on earth,

Or throw me out in the raging surf. (ocer)

L. D. S. GARMENTS

The "Temple Brand"Garments are handled only by your leading merchants. We make a Variety of Grades and Weights to meet every requirement,

with strings and buttons, long or short sleeves and legs as you, want them according to seasonable desires. Samples submitted on request.

For Ladies For Men Lisle 2.75 No. 862—Extra Fine Mercerized

Lisle 2.25 No. 975—Med. Heavy Weight 2.25

Cotton 4.00 No. 850—Imported Lisle Gauze.... 1.95 No. 9107—Wool and

To insure a good fit give bust measure, height, and weight, specify whether garments are for men or women, and state whether long sleeves, angle length or short sleeves, three quarter legs are desired. Garments marked 15c pair

extra. We prepay postage to all parts of United States.

Oldest Splitting Store in Utah

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE, 70 Main St., Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Wonderful Health Due To Fleischmann's Yeast"

"After four years'service in Cuba and the Philippine Islands,"writes Mr.

Louis B. Thomas, Philadelphia, Pa., "I suffered greatly'from indigestion.

In fact, I had no desire to eat, and the mere sight of food nauseated me. Nothing I took gave real relief.

"A friend suggested that I take a couple of Fleishmann's Yeast cakes daily

I did. In about a month the attacks of indigestion had disappeared. I enjoyed

my food. I was soon my old self again. Since then I have had wonderful

health and a clear complexion—all due to Fleishmann's Yeast."

Thousands of others have regained health, found relief from constipation and digestive disturbances by eating Fleishmann's Yeast regularly. Add this

remarkable health food to your own diet.

Eat it, two to three cakes a day before meals, spread on crackers, in fruit juices, milk or water—or just plain, nibbled from the cake.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST AT ALL GROCERS

Oh, boys, goodbye! I know I'll die.

So send for Harmson True,* And to the mat with the aid of his gat

I'll go, old pals, boo hoo!

Tell my girl, that angel pearl,

To take the other guy, For I, like a dub, with a gurgle and gulb

On the floor of the ocean lie.

Logan, Utah ARTHUR DALEY True Harmson, a comrade from Arizona, was equipped with six shooter, chaps and stars enough to bluff all the officials from Phoenix to Amsterdam.

When you go on your SUMMER VACATION you will travel in car or train. The

\ roads are lined with accidents, are J you protected?

We offer $7,500 protection for $1.00?0LW19 *j

P to old and new subscribers.

TRAVEL ANO >XJm Deseret News PEDESTRIAN Mfehr Sait Lake City, Utah

MurmtK t WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

A Summer Fun of AT New Saltair For a day of glorious relaxation, an evening of dance delight, a frolic in the midway or a picnic outing—there

is no place like gay Saltair.

Everything is beautiful and is wondernew—the music

floor is the ful—the dance finest in the world!—the bathing department unequaled for

cleanliness and general facilities.

Plan your parties for the Lake. Bring your crowd and

come out!

Two fine motorways, plenty of parking space. Electric T

trains every half hour.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Electric Refrigeration In Ice Box Your Own You can install, at very moderate cost, Electric Refrigeration in your own ice box, and enjoy its wonderful benefits.

It will give you a service far beyond any you have ever received from the old fashioned refrigerator.

It maintains correct temperature for perfect preservation of foods, day in and day out, night and day, without attention.

The regulation is obtained by the use of an unfailing automatic mechanism.

Call at our store and see this marvelous servant in action. Sold on most reasonable terms.

Utah Power & Light Company

Efficient Public Service

She was so dumb, she spit the seeds out when she ate corn. Glen

Perrins. "Rastus, I see Mose sawing wood I hired you to saw."

"Yes, sah. I pays him a dollar and a quarter."

"But I only pay you a dollar."

"Yes, sah, but it's worth a quarter to be boss."Los Angeles Times.

Aunt Hetty: "Sakes alive! I don't believe no woman could be so fat."

Uncle Hiram: "What y'reading now, Hetty?"

Aunt Hetty: "Why, this paper tells about an English woman who lost

two thousand pounds."Utah Farmer.

SALT LAKE LOAN OFFICE

I. SIEGEL, Your Jeweler

76 East 2nd South Street—One Door West of State Street

to 50 PER CENT SAVING SAVE MONEY20

Watches, Money Belts, Rings, Diamonds, ALL kinds of Jewelry, Trunks,

Kodaks, Suitcases, Brief Cases, Traveling Bags, Guns, Binoculars, etc., etc.

Come and let us SHOW you just HOW and WHY we can make you such remarkably LOW PRICES. We fully GUARANTEE all our goods.

We take great pride in PLEASING our customers. Every sale means a friend. Buy from us once and we are sure you will COME AGAIN.

Remember the name land the place.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

LATTERDAY SAINTS GARMENTS From FACTORY direct to you. Made to ORDER Old or New Style.

Lowest Price. Highest Quality.

No. No. 209 All fine silk $5.00 24 Heavy bleached $2.20

4 Lt. flat weave 95 10 Med. 1/3 wool 2.75

11 Lt. cotton unbleached 1.40 16 Heavy 1/3 wool 3.75

20 Lt. cotton bleached 1.60 18 All Merino wool 5.50

60 Medium unbleached 1.65 59 Med. % silk V2 wool 7.00

22 Medium bleached 1.85 21 Light silk stripe wool 4.25

19 Heavy unbleached 2.00 25 Lt. % silk Ms wool 5.00

If Postal M. O. is inclosed with your order POSTAGE will be PREPAID

in U. S. Outside add 15c per garment.

Specify OLD or NEW Style, long or short legs or sleeves. Give these

MEASUREMENTS for all styles: Length, from top of shoulder to inside

ankle bone. Bust: Around body under arms. Sleeve: From shoulder seam

down to length desired. Double backs 20c extra per Garment.

APPROVED LABEL AND CORRECT PATTERNS

Model Knitting Works

Integrity Inspires Confidence JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Phones: Wasatch 7600

Both Office and Residence My Service has the Little Marks of Difference that Make it Distinctive

Fire Is of Persons No Respecter

You may wait till tomorrow to insurebut the fire may not

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

TRY OUR NEW GASOLINE BLUGREEN BOYCEITE BinGreen gasoline is the only carbonless fuel in America today. Wherever yon see Bennett's Boyceite treated gasoline featured be

sure it is BluGreen in color—or don't accept it.

BENNETT'S SERVICE STATIONS

Ask your dealer for the famous Z. C. M. I. FactoryMade

Mountaineer Overalls For men, youths, boys and children 9-oz.

Copper Riveted Waist Overalls For men and boys. Wear 'em and let 'er

buck

Guaranteed For Quality, Fit and Service

Allovers and Play Suits

For Children

JUST THINK IT OVER

Is your THE BEST THERE IS IN LIFE INSURANCE f X f Lijejtemmice \ ISSUED BY toiffiiAiJ L7he BIG HOME COMPANY

YOU NEED OUR INSURANCE *OiOK)XOtf) WE WANT YOUR BUSINESS

DOES YOUR LIFE INSURANCE MONEY STAY AT HOME?

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

Home Office, Vermont Bldg., Salt Lake City

HEBER J. GRANT, President LORENZO N. STOHL, Manager